Financial Technologies and Satyam Computers cases: Differences explainedE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

BSE Sensex rebounds 128 pts to over 1-mth high; pharma  banking riseE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Orange is the new blackHow close is the BMW 4 Series to the Concept 4?
HIDE CAPTION
Autumn brings an avalanche of orange leaves to lawns, and with it an inexorable urge to add pumpkin flavour where it does not necessarily belong (Beer? No.).
Related
The prettiest red car ever?
The preponderance of orange might lead one to believe the colour wends its way into car-purchase decisions, but paint supplier Axalta Coating Systems – formerly related to DuPont – does not even find enough orange on the road to merit its own categorical ranking . Instead, orange falls in an all-sorts classification called “Other”, which accounts for between 1% and 3% of sales globally.
This paucity of orange does not mean, however, that fans of marigolds, Dutch sports teams and traffic cones are not accommodated at the dealership.
Above are just 10 current models available in the bright autumnal hue. Bonus: no pumpkin flavouring was used in their creation.

Analyst Corner: Buy rating on Exide Life  target Rs 197  says Motilal Oswal Fin ServicesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Analyst Corner: Buy Grasim on better valuation  says CitiE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Airtel Q2 net shoots up to Rs 1 383 crAirtel Q2 net shoots up to Rs 1,383 cr
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 30:  
Bharti Airtel, country’s largest mobile operator, today reported nearly three-fold jump in consolidated net profit to Rs 1,383 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2014 on the back of higher mobile data revenue.
The company had reported a net profit of Rs 512 crore in the corresponding period of last fiscal, it said in a statement.
The company’s total revenue rose 7.1 per cent to Rs 22,845 crore for the reported quarter as compared to Rs 21,324 crore in the corresponding period.
“Consolidated mobile data revenues at Rs 2,540 crore grew by 66.7 per cent year-on-year, contributing more than two- thirds of the incremental revenues,” Airtel said in a statement.
Airtel said for India, mobile data revenue registered a growth of 73.8 per cent y-o-y at Rs 1,805 crore, uplifted by increase in data customer base and higher usage per customer. Mobile data revenues now contribute to 14.5 per cent of mobile India revenues.
“We continue to see strong momentum in mobile data which has grown by 74 per cent in this quarter. Airtel’s pioneering 4G roll-out in 15 cities is now witnessing stronger customer acceptance,” Bharti Airtel MD and CEO (India & South Asia) Gopal Vittal said.
On the regulatory front, he said the recent TRAI recommendations on making more contiguous spectrum available in the upcoming auctions have the potential of transforming the industry.
African growth
Africa revenues grew by 6.4 per cent in local currency terms, but the US dollar appreciation depressed the reported growth to 1.9 per cent Y-o-Y, Airtel said.
Data revenues for Africa stood at $115 million with growth of 56.8 per cent and data revenues now contribute to 10.1 per cent of overall Africa revenues.
“Our robust 3G networks have supported the doubling of data volumes Y-o-Y, and we have been gearing up for much more growth. Airtel money transaction values have also crossed $1 billion a month,” Bharti Airtel MD and CEO (Africa) Christian de Faria said.
The net debt of the company increased to Rs 62,215.8 crore due to an addition of Rs 6,445 crore of deferred payment liabilities for the 2G spectrum.
(This article was published on October 30, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Maruti Suzuki s net profit jumps by 28.7 per cent on volume growthMaruti Suzuki's net profit jumps by 28.7 per cent on volume growth
Sandeep k Singh | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 30 2014, 16:11  IST
Oct 30 2014, 16:11  IST
 

Sensex  Nifty touch new highsSensex, Nifty touch new highs
Our Bureau
Tweet
Chennai, October 30:  
The BSE Sensex and the NSE Nifty soared to new highs on Thursday as the Narendra Modi Government once again displayed its commitment to reforms.
The markets also ignored the US Federal Open Market Committee’s expected announcement of the end of its multi-year asset purchases, widely known as Quantitative Easing.
The BSE Sensex surged 248 points to end at a new peak of 27,346.33, and the NSE Nifty closed at 8,169.2, up 78.75 points, or 0.97 per cent, as traders built fresh long positions on the day October derivative contracts expired on the NSE. The Nifty hit an all-time intra-day high of 8,181.55.
The sudden surge towards the closing hours also forced a lot of short position holders to square their contracts, thus helping the benchmarks rise further.
Reacting to the easing of FDI rules in realty, the stocks in this sector, including DLF, gained sharply and the realty index was the biggest gainer, by 3.44 per cent, on the BSE.
(This article was published on October 30, 2014)
Related

Black money: Govt says hands are tied  defers signing of tax treatyE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

China at risk  seeks Japan aid: Ebola expertIn public hospitals in China, the level of infection control is poor.
By: Associated Press | Tokyo | Posted: October 30, 2014 3:08 pm | Updated: October 30, 2014 3:30 pm
A scientist who helped to discover the Ebola virus says he is concerned that the disease could spread to China given the large numbers of Chinese workers travelling to and from Africa.
Peter Piot, who is director of the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine, said today it’s not “rocket science” that with many exchanges between the two regions, the disease could spread.
“The concern I have is that I don’t think you can really stop people from travelling. These patients will show up in any country in the world, but China is quite vulnerable,” Piot said.
“The issue is: What is the quality, the standard of infection control? In public hospitals in China, the ones that I’ve visited, the level of infection control is very poor,” he said.
Piot said China’s controls for infectious diseases have improved and authorities have become more open about public health risks since severe acute respiratory syndrome or SARS broke out in southern China in 2002. SARS infected about 8,000 people worldwide, killing nearly 800.
Conversely, Japan has disease controls and hygiene that are up to international standards, but it needs to do more to help combat what has become not just an epidemic but a humanitarian crisis, said Piot, a board member of the Global Health Innovative Technology fund, a collaboration funded by the Japanese government, Japanese pharmaceutical companies and the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation.
The fund supports research into treatments for malaria, tuberculosis, dengue and other so-called neglected tropical diseases. Piot said that despite the urgency of the crisis, it was crucial that funds going to those efforts not be diverted to work on Ebola.
Treating the Ebola outbreaks as a humanitarian crisis would help overcome worries over budgetary issues, he said. Japan has pledged USD 40 million so far to help combat the Ebola outbreak, but Piot said more is needed.
“I appeal to Japan to contribute from their very rich tradition, in all senses of the word of humanitarian assistance.”
“When there is a humanitarian crisis, there is always money, and rightly so,” Piot said. “Ebola is in that category.”

Watch:  10 hours of walking in NYC  harassment YouTube video gets over 8 million likes in 2 daysA video featuring a woman who is harassed while walking through New York Street has gone viral.
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 30, 2014 3:44 am
A video featuring a woman who is harassed while walking through New York Street has gone viral, with over 8.7 million likes within two days after it was posted on YouTube.
The video starts with the woman adjusting a hidden camera to record the reactions of people as she walks across the streets of the city.
According to the video, the woman walked for 10 hours through all areas of Manhattan, and experienced verbal harassment by several male passersby.
The video claims that more than 100 instances of verbal street harassment took place within 10 hours, and involved people from all backgrounds. It further claims that winks and whistles have not been included.
Watch the video:

US commando who killed Bin Laden to reveal identityPrint
By: Agence-France Presse | Washington | Posted: October 30, 2014 4:05 pm
The US Navy Seal commando who fired the shots which killed Al-Qaeda chief Osama Bin Laden is to reveal his identity in a television documentary next month, the network announced.
“The Man Who Killed Osama Bin Laden” will air in two segments November 11-12, with the commando recounting his rolein the raid that killed Bin Laden at his Pakistani compound in 2011.
The Navy SEAL “will share his story of training to be a member of America’s elite fighting force and explain his involvement in Operation Neptune Spear, the mission that killed Bin Laden,” the network said in a press release.
“Offering never before shared details, the presentation will include ‘The Shooter’s’ experience in confronting Bin Laden, his description of the terrorist leader’s final moments as well as what happened when he took his last breath,” it said.
The program would also offer a look at a “secret” ceremony in which the commando donated the shirt he was wearing during the mission to the National September 11 Memorial & Museum in New York City, it said.
The daring nighttime raid on May 2, 2011 saw a team of Navy SEALs in Blackhawk helicopters swooping on Bin Laden’s hideout in Abbottabad. There were no casualties among US forces, who killed Bin Laden and four others at the compound.
The operation was ordered by President Barack Obama after the CIA traced Bin Laden’s courier to the high-walled compound.
Fox News Channel is owned by Rupert Murdoch’s 21st Century Fox.

Pakistan to evacuate 50 000 people in wake of Nilofar cyclonePrint
People visit Karachi beach to watch high tide following Cyclone Nilofar. (Source: PTI)
By: Press Trust of India | Karachi | Posted: October 30, 2014 7:35 pm | Updated: October 30, 2014 7:43 pm
Pakistan has planned to evacuate at least 50,000 people from its southern coastal areas with cyclone Nilofar slowly moving towards it, officials said on Thursday.
The cyclone, moving at about 14km per hour speed towards Sindh may hit Pakistan Thursday night or Friday with the possibility of heavy rains in the lower parts of the province over the next two days.
Chief meteorologies Tauseef Alam told reporters in Karachi that the cyclone may pass around 250km from Karachi but its outer waves will hit the coast.
The National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA) has said that about 50,000 people in vulnerable areas are to be ready for emergency evacuation.
All government offices and educational institutions in Karachi, Thatta, Badin, Sujawal and Tharparkar will remain closed on Friday where a cyclone emergency had been declared.
Preparations have been made to rehabilitate people in government buildings including educational institutions.
Provincial Information Minister Sherjeel Memon said emergency centres have been set up in all coastal areas and appeals were being made to residents of the areas to shift for a few days to safe locations within their districts.
The government has already asked the fishermen to stay away from the sea and those already gone to the sea were being called back.
Apart from Sindh, emergency has been imposed in coastal area of Balochistan province.
Chief Minister Dr Abdul Malik Baloch said his government had taken measures to avoid losses.
Pakistan experts said the cyclone will further weaken as it moves towards coastal areas of lower Sindh.
At present the estimated central pressure of cyclone is 996hpa and the average sustained wind speed is around 90-100 knots.
The cyclone will start weakening Thursday afternoon and is likely to hit Sindh as a cyclonic storm or depression with a wind speed of 70-80km per hour.

SEBI moves Supreme Court against Subrata Roy s Sahara group for not paying investors  moneySEBI moves Supreme Court against Subrata Roy's Sahara group for not paying investors' money
PTI | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 30 2014, 20:28  IST
Oct 30 2014, 20:28  IST
 

Jakhau port turns ghost town as evacuationstartsPrint
Written by Gopal B Kateshiya | Naliya (kutch) | Posted: October 30, 2014 10:21 pm
The district administration of Kutch heaved  a sigh of relief on Thursday as Met department said cyclone Nilofar brewing in the Arabian Sea had weakened further and that it would make landfall near Naliya coast as a deep depression on Friday night.  However, the government went ahead with its disaster mitigation plan and evacuated around 8600 people living on the long shoreline of the district as a precuationary measure.
Police and other government department employees started evacuatiing people from ports and fishing hamlets from 8 am onwards. As many as 75 buses of Gujarat State Road Transport Corporation were pressed into service to shift people from coastal villages to temporary relief centres set 15 km inland.
By 4 pm, 2831 people had been shifted to relief centres in Abdasa taluka alone while the figure for entire district stood at 8686. Naliya town, around 30 away from coastline is headquarter of Abdasa taluka and the Met department has predicted that the cyclone will make landfall near this town.
Jakhau port, around 30 km west of Naliya and which is near the richest fishing waters in the state, got special attention of the authorities as if it is feared the cyclone may hit this part the hardest. By evening, almost all of 2300 fishermen of the port were shifted to relief centres in Jakhau village and BSF quarters and Odhavram community hall in Naliya.
648 fishing boats are registered at Jakhau port and officials said all of them had returned by Thursday morning.
By 2 pm, the usually bustling hamlet had turned into a ghost town. Huts were locked while a few men hung around their boats.
“I have been fishing here for the last 35 years and never ever in my life have I seen such an action on the part of the government. This is good for the safety of our lives. But I am also concerned about safety of my boat worth Rs7 lakh. I would insist on being around to stabilize my vessel when the cyclone hits,” said Naran Tandel (56), a fisherman originally from Kosamba village in Valsad distirct in southern Gujarat.
Tandel said police had peruaded his wife Jyoti to accompany other women in the locality to go to Naliya.
Others shifted to their residences in nearby villages while the rest were persuaded to pay visit to their relatives. “I know this means loss of daily wages for me and my husband. But there is no choice. So I am returning to our home in Jakhau village,” said Havabai Koli, a fisherwoman, while locking her hutment in port and preparing to board a bus.
She said her two sons and a daughter-in-law had already reached Jakhau village.
Ramesh Koli, owner of a fishing trawler named Chandani, said his boat was life of his entire family. “If it is damaged in the storm, I don’t have means to buy another. But there is no choice. So me and my family are paying a visit to a cousin brother in Jakhau village,” said the 28-year-old boat owner.

Intelligence report on Ajmals jihadi links rockAssamMembers of BJP burn the effigy of AIUDF chief Badaruddin Ajmal in Guwahati. (Source: PTI)
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: October 30, 2014 10:18 pm
An intelligence report supposedly sent to the Centre by a security agency pointing at the alleged role of the All India United Democratic Front (AIUDF) and Jamiat Ulema-e-Hind in recruiting Muslim youths from Assam for jihadi training in Bangladesh has rocked Assam in the past couple of days, with different parties and groups demanding a high-level investigation into the charges.
Groups critical of the AIUDF, whose president and Lok Sabha member Maulana Badruddin Ajmal is also head of the Jamiat Ulema-e-Hind in Assam, have already taken to the streets in protest. Bajrang Dal, a constituent of the sangh parivar meanwhile has called a 12-hour bandh on Friday demanding arrest of Ajmal. The BJP and its other sister groups on the other hand burnt effigies of Ajmal for the second consecutive day on Thursday.
Ajmal meanwhile has denied the allegations and rushed to New Delhi to meet prime minister Narendra Modi and home minister Rajnath Singh and demand a probe on what he described as baseless, unfounded and fabricated allegations that are intended at tarnishing the image of his party as well as himself.
Chief minister Tarun Gogoi however said the state government had no such input or report linking Ajmal, AIUDF and Jamiat Ulema-e-Hind to any jihadi organization. “The government does not have any such information,” Gogoi said. State home department officials too denied having any such input, but said security agencies had kept an eye on certain pockets of where jihadi elements had reportedly reached out in the backdrop of the Burdwan incident.
The BJP however has not only hit out at Ajmal on the basis of the purported intelligence report, but also held the ruling Congress party responsible for the rise of fundamental groups in the state. Particularly vocal is Guwahati Lok Sabha member and senior BJP leader Bijoya Chakravarty who said it was because of a weak Congress government in the state that jihadi groups have extended their tentacles to Assam.

10-year-old dies in Thane due to explosion in toilet septictankPrint
By: Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: October 30, 2014 10:06 pm
A ten-year-old boy, Akash Singh, died on Wednesday night due to an explosion in the septic tank of a public toilet at Lokmanya Nagar in Thane. The explosion happened as the septic tank had not been cleaned in a long time.
Officials from the Thane Municipal Corporation (TMC) had a meeting about the incident on Thursday.
A TMC official said on the condition of anonymity, “We had originally built the toilets far from the slum settlements, but now the encroachments have grown and spread around the toilets. There is no way for any vehicle to go and use suction to clean the septic tanks. There was probably a rock or some hard material stuck creating a blockage in the pipe and that must have led to the explosion.”
He said that there are several such slum areas where the TMC now has no vehicular access to the toilets.
“The meeting today was to assess the situation and figure out how the TMC can routinely clean all such toilets using the best possible techniques to avoid the recurrence of such an incident,” he added.

6 1 goalkeeper Abhinav Pandey aims for theskiesPrint
The tall lad, hailing from a middle-class family from Varanasi, has a come a long way since the first time he played hockey, as a forward. (Source: PTI)
Written by Vinay Kumar | New Delhi | Posted: October 30, 2014 10:46 pm | Updated: October 30, 2014 10:50 pm
Abhinav Pandey was worried for only two minutes during the intense Sultan of Johor Cup final against Great Britain in Malaysia. That moment came when he was shown the green card and Subodh Tirkey, the reserve goalkeeper, was rushed to the ground.
“I was hit on the shoulder and asked for a timeout but the referee thought I was wasting time. Subodh is a good goalie but had not played for a single minute in the tournament. The score was 1-1. I was worried,” reveals Pandey.
Tirkey was not tested much and Pandey returned to the field after two minutes of suspension time. India held their nerves and Harampreet Singh, the top scorer of the tournament, struck his ninth goal just 40 seconds before the hooter to give India a 2-1 win and the title.
Apart from those two suspension minutes, Pandey was never worried. Not even before the tournament and not even when he first held a hockey stick.
The tall lad, hailing from a middle-class family from Varanasi, has a come a long way since the first time he played hockey, as a forward.
“One of my friend and a senior at school took me to play hockey. In school I loved scoring goals. I wanted to be a forward and I was a good player. Probably one of the best in my school,” says Pandey.
Ask him about how the transformation happened from a forward to a goalkeeper, he remembers his coach at Hockey Hostel in Lucknow RK Sharma.
“In 2007 I got admission in Hockey Hostel and our coach RK Sharma asked me to turn a goalkeeper. I was very tall so he said you can be very successful as a GK,” recalls Pandey.
He used his height to great effect and defied teams like Australia, New Zealand and Great Britain from scoring at rate India did. Though he had a clean sheet only against Pakistan, he made sure other teams did not score big against India. His defence made sure that none of the teams could score more than two goals in any of the matches.
After years of practice, he has been able to make it to the U-21 team but it has not been easy for Pandey and his family.
2007 was surely his breakthrough year. Apart from the school national he played, he was also selected for the UP junior national team. But, surprisingly, 2007 is the year he never wants to remember.
The loss of his father due to a brain tumor jolted him and his family. As the eldest son, he had to take the responsibility of his mother and brother.
“I thought of working because continued…

Kerala Blasters notch up maiden ISLwinBy: Press Trust of India | Pune | Posted: October 30, 2014 10:43 pm
Overcoming a one-goal deficit, Kerala Blasters FC edged past FC Pune City 2-1 to register their first win in the Hero Indian Super League (ISL) at the Shree Shiv Chhatrapati Sports Complex Stadium, in Pune on Thursday.
French International David Trezeguet gave the hosts an early lead with his 15th minute strike to bring the home fans to their feet.
Trezeguet took a volley from a spectacular ball delivered by John Goossens from the left wing to fire it into the goal.
But the cheer was shortlived as Kerala soon pulled up their socks to go full throttle and India U-23 forward Chinadorai Sabeeth equalised in the 41st minute.
It was a sweet combination of moves as Stephen Pearson’s well-taken corner was directed at Cedric Hengbart, who headed it towards the goal and an alert Sabeeth quietly tucked the ball into the net.
This was Sabeeth’s first goal in the league and the 23-year-old striker celebrated it in great style.
Attacks and counter-attacks continued from either end of the goal but the score remained 1-1 at half-time.
The break did not prove too good for the home team as Pune goalkeeper Emanuele Belardi of Italy walked off the field in the 50th minute and Churchill’s Arindam Bhattacharya took charge at the post.
But Sabeeth and Sandesh Jhingan continued to put some nice passes in the left flank to keep Pune defenders guessing.
Kerala think-tank then came up with a substitution as Penn Orji replaced Brazil’s Guilherme Milhomem Gusmao in the 61st minute.
Orji soon made it count when the Kenyan international scored in the 65th minute.
Iain Hume’s spectacular pass from the right wing was safely taken inside the box by Orji and he perfectly shot it at the bottom right corner to give Kerala the decisive lead.
From then on Pune tried hard to comeback into the game but the away team proved to be strong with their defense.
With the win, Kerala have overtaken Pune in the standings and are placed fifth in the table led by Atletico de Kolkata.
Kerala next travel to Mumbai on November 2 while Pune visit Kolkata on November 7.

Iraq: Fearing uprising  Islamic State militants huntex-policeThe Islamic State group wanted to send a warning against anyone who might plot against its rule.
By: Associated Press | Baghdad | Posted: October 30, 2014 11:48 pm
The Islamic State group wanted to send a warning against anyone who might plot against its rule.
Back when the extremists took over the northern Iraqi city of Mosul in June, police Col. Mohammed Hassan was among some Sunnis in the security forces who surrendered, handed over their weapons and pledged to cut ties with the police. In return, the militants gave them “repentance badges” granting them some safety. But now, the Islamic State group suspected Hassan was engaging in activities against it.
So last week, IS fighters stormed Hassan’s house at night. Hassan and his son fought back, killing three attackers before they were gunned down. The militants then hung his mutilated body from a fence for several days near his home as an example, according to two residents who witnessed the battle and were aware of the events leading up to it. They spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity for fear of reprisals.
The past few weeks, the Islamic State group has been hunting down former policemen and army officers in areas it controls, apparently fearing they might join a potential internal Sunni uprising against its rule.
While world attention has been focused on the battle to fend off the extremists’ assault on the town of Kobani across the border in Syria, the group has killed dozens of its opponents this month in Iraq. In several instances, Sunnis have been lined up in public squares and gunned down or beheaded as a warning.
The aim is to prevent the Baghdad government and the US-led alliance from finding Sunni allies against it at a time when Kurdish fighters and Shiite militias backed by US-led airstrikes have made some gains, taking back several towns from the militants.
The campaign of killings adds a new bloody chapter in the Islamic State group’s legacy. In its blitz capturing a swath of Iraq and neighboring Syria, it gained a grisly notoriety for butchering its opponents and members of sects it considers heretical.
Human Rights Watch on Thursday said that the extremists carried out a mass killing of around 600 Shiite Muslim inmates being held in Mosul’s main prison when the group captured the city in June. The Shiites were separated from several hundred Sunni and Christian inmates who were set free, then the Shiites – along with a number of Kurds and Yazidis – were forced to kneel on the edge of a nearby ravine and were mowed down with automatic weapons, Human Rights Watch said in a report, based on interviews with survivors.
But killings of former police are of a new, different sort – a campaign to eliminate those who the extremists fear could become the nucleus of a revolt against their control.
In new killings, the militants on Wednesday paraded 30 Sunni continued…

Andy Murray books ATP Finals berth after reaching ParisquartersMurray was in control throughout, losing only two points on his first serve as he took a measure of revenge. (Source: AP)
By: Associated Press | Paris | Posted: October 30, 2014 11:37 pm
Andy Murray extended his impressive run of form to reach the quarterfinals at the Paris Masters and book his place in the ATP Finals on Thursday.
After missing last year’s season-ending tournament following surgery on his back, the eight-seeded Scot pushed hard to qualify for the indoor event for the seventh straight year, winning three titles over the past five weeks.
His clinical 6-3, 6-3 win over No. 9 seed Grigor Dimitrov at the Palais Omnisports guaranteed him a berth at the O2 Arena from Nov. 9-16.
Murray was in control throughout, losing only two points on his first serve as he took a measure of revenge following his loss to Dimitrov in the quarterfinals at Wimbledon this year.
Already qualified for the finals, third-seeded Stan Wawrinka failed to serve out the match before losing a 6-7 (2), 7-5, 7-6 (3) to Kevin Anderson in a match lasting nearly three hours as the hard-hitting South-African rallied to advance to the quarterfinals in Paris for the first time.
“I should have won,” said Wawrinka, who has been hampered by a virus this week and coughed a lot during his press conference. “I just rushed. In the end, I made stupid mistakes, but I’m not panicking. I’m still Top 4 in the world and I have a Masters to play, a Davis Cup final on clay, which will be totally different from usual tournaments.”
Wawrinka will be teaming up with his Switzerland’s teammate Roger Federer in the Davis Cup final against France from Nov. 21-23 in Lille.
“This year I had ups and downs that were very high or very low,” added Wawrinka. “But I wouldn’t change anything compared to any other year of my career. I can still play well in the Masters, win the Davis Cup, and the year will be fabulous.”
Wawrinka, who was two points from the match when leading 5-4, 30-0 in the decider, lost his third straight meeting against Anderson following losses at Indian Wells and Toronto earlier this season.
Since his quarterfinals exit at the U.S. Open, he has won only two matches and will travel to London with his form in question.
“I can’t say everything is fine because I’m not winning many matches, but there is nothing much I can do about it,” Wawrinka said. “I’m not going to change my racket or change my strings just because I’m not winning matches right now.”
Anderson, who hit 18 aces against Wawrinka, will next face Tomas Berdych, who stayed on course for qualifying for the finals for the fifth straight year by beating Feliciano Lopez 7-5, 6-3.
Berdych, the 2005 champion at the Palais Omnisports, hit eight aces and saved six of the eight break points he faced to move one match continued…

Syrian air strikes kill over 200 civilians in 10daysBombing runs by the Syrian air force over the past 10 days have killed at least 221 civilians, a third of them children.
By: Reuters | Beirut | Posted: October 30, 2014 11:26 pm
Bombing runs by the Syrian air force over the past 10 days have killed at least 221 civilians, a third of them children, a group monitoring Syria’s civil war said on Thursday.
The intensifying offensive by President Bashar al-Assad’s forces has heightened concerns among his opponents that he may be taking advantage of US-led air raids on Islamic State insurgents to regain territory elsewhere in the country.
Since October 20 the Syrian military has staged at least 769 attacks including barrel bombings in many areas of Syria, according to the Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, and more than 500 people have been wounded.
It said the strikes targeted the eastern province of Deir al-Zor, Homs in central Syria as well as contested provinces in the more populated west such as Latakia, Quneitra, Hama, Aleppo, Idlib and Deraa, as well as the fringes of Damascus.
“The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights renews its condemnation at the continued silence of the international community regarding the massacres committed daily by the regime of Bashar al-Assad against the sons of the Syrian people.”
The Syrian armed forces have sharply increased the number of raids since a US-led coalition of Western and Arab states began bombing Islamic State forces in the country last month.
Damascus has not raised objections to the selective air strikes, which have concentrated on the insurgent-dominated east and north of Syria, far from the most populous areas near the capital and the Mediterranean coast.
The United States says it has no wish to bolster Assad with its aerial campaign against Islamic State, an al Qaeda offshoot.
But Western and regional powers were driven into action by international alarm over Islamic State’s advances across large expanses of Syria and adjacent Iraq, its declaration of a caliphate bent on remaking Middle East borders and its massacres of Shi’ite Muslims, Christians and other minorities who do not share its hardline, puritanical brand of Sunni Islam.

Hackers Ran Loose Inside JPMorgan For 2 Months Before Getting CaughtHackers Ran Loose Inside JPMorgan For 2 Months Before Getting Caught
Posted:
Updated:
10/23/2014  7:59 am EDT
People walk by One Chase Plaza in lower Manhattan on October 14, 2014 in New York City. (Photo by Spencer Platt/Getty Images)  | Spencer Platt via Getty Images
reddit
It's as if a robber were to break into a bank today and stay there until Christmas before someone noticed.
That's how long hackers had access to JPMorgan Chase's computer system, The New York Times reported this week . If two months seems like an eternity for cyberthieves to wander through the computers of the country's largest bank, consider that hackers have had free rein for even longer at several major retailers this past year.
Hackers resided on the computers of Neiman Marcus for five months , Home Depot for five months, arts and crafts store Michaels for eight months and Goodwill, the thrift store, for a year and a half .
That hackers were able to roam through JPMorgan's computer network for two months is another sign that companies are struggling not only with keeping cybercriminals out, but with spotting them once they get in.
A spokesman for JPMorgan did not respond to a request for comment. The bank said earlier this month that hackers had compromised the data of 76 million households, but that no money or Social Security numbers were stolen and the bank hadn't seen any unusual customer fraud.
The length of time that hackers reside on a computer system doesn't always correlate to the number of people affected. The size of the company's customer base also makes a difference. Target, for example, said 40 million customers had their payment card data compromised during an attack last fall that lasted just two weeks, while Michaels said that a much smaller number -- 3 million people -- were affected during its eight-month attack.
Still, the length of time of a data breach matters. Unlike real-life bank robbers who escape in minutes, digital bank robbers can take weeks or months before they gain access to the data they're after.
"A lot of people think hacking happens overnight and the the bad guys break into the network and they're done," said Aleksandr Yampolskiy, chief executive officer of SecurityScorecard, a cybersecurity firm. "The reality is it takes a long time."
Hackers are able to go undetected for so long because they use numerous techniques to disguise their activities. For one, they often attack computers using malicious software that doesn't set off alarms with anti-virus programs. And once inside, they route the data they steal through a series of intermediary computers , for example at a church or a public school, according to Yampolskiy. Such computers seem innocent to security teams and avoid raising red flags by communicating directly with computers in Russia, where many hackers are based, he said.
Some cybercriminals even fix the security flaws that allowed them to gain access to a computer network in the first place, like a burglar breaking a window and then replacing it before he leaves so nothing appears amiss.
But Yampolskiy said perhaps the biggest reason that hackers go unnoticed is that security teams are often overwhelmed with data. Companies will spend millions of dollars on sophisticated intrusion detection systems and vulnerability scanners that set off numerous alarms, many of which aren't serious. A security engineer at a company with 4,000 employees might get an alert every time an employee visits a suspicious website on the network, for example.
While those security tools are supposed to help keep hackers out, they create an avalanche of alerts that allow hackers to blend in.
"You get so much information that the event that matters is buried in those security logs," Yampolskiy said. "It's like looking for a needle in a haystack."
More:

Time Magazine Cover Has Teachers Furiousreddit
Some teachers think that Time Magazine owes them an apology.
The magazine's latest cover story details the efforts of certain Silicon Valley investors to derail teacher tenure practices . Teachers unions, however, are taking particular issue with the story’s associated cover art, a gavel smashing an apple, and text that says, "It's nearly impossible to fire a bad teacher."
The cover started generating a swift negative response from teachers unions last week. By Monday evening, a petition from the American Federation of Teachers asking Time to apologize for the cover had reached 72,000 signatures , according to an AFT representative.
“The cover is particularly disappointing because the articles inside the magazine present a much more balanced view of the issue. But for millions of Americans, all they’ll see is the cover and a misleading attack on teachers,” says the petition. The cover art is below:
The cover has continued to generate backlash on social media channels. By Monday evening, the #TIMEfail hashtag had generated over 21,500 tweets, according to an AFT representative.
@Time cover on teacher tenure sends the wrong message! Our teachers need support, not attacks. #timefail
— Stephanie Hirsh (@HirshLF) October 27, 2014
Yes, teachers should consider canceling their subscriptions to @timeforkids . Why give $ to an company that belittles them? #TIMEfail
— Shaun Johnson, PhD (@thechalkface) October 25, 2014
There's a shortage of 377,000 teachers & we're trying to find ways to fire more of them. #TIMEfail @DianeRavitch pic.twitter.com/7xFhUX33wk
— Steven Singer (@StevenSinger3) October 24, 2014
Some groups of teachers are also encouraging a boycott of the magazine:

How One South American Oil Spill Is Devastating Local Fisheries And Wildlifereddit
It's a grim, but familiar, picture. Waves of black sludge lap at the sandy shore, while seabirds coated in oil struggle to lift their wings. On September 24, more than 5,800 gallons of oil spilled into Quintero Bay, Chile when intake hoses broke free from an oil tanker at the Monobuoy Terminal.
The devastation is tragic. Rescuers have already captured more than 50 birds -- including penguins, sea gulls, pelicans, blanquillo birds, hualas, cormorants, and coots -- many of which have already died from ingesting oil. Countless numbers of marine creatures that rescuers cannot reach are still dying.
The seeping oil is also devastating the livelihoods of hundreds of people in the fishing and tourism industries, who rely on the health of the oceans for their income and food. Local health officials are forbidding the consumption and sale of seafood from the area, with serious consequences for the local economy. Meanwhile, the Chilean National Fishing and Aquaculture Service (Sernapesca) is currently assessing damages to artisanal fisheries.
Oceana in Chile is calling on the Chilean government to investigate the incident and punish the company responsible for this disaster. Sernapesca has already filed a criminal lawsuit against the responsible parties. Additionally, Oceana predicts that Empresa Nacional del Petróleo (ENAP), who owns the oil operation, is guilty of gross negligence: The company initially reported the spill as slightly less than 800 gallons, and it was thus classified as a minor spill. In reality, about 5,800 gallons of oil spilled into the bay.
Unfortunately, this spill occurred in a place that has already been heavily polluted over the past 50 years. Among the most severe environmental problems are permanent coal spills from the Ventanas Port, heavy metals and sulfur emissions from smelters and power plants, and sewage discharge. The local power plants also suck in millions of gallons of seawater to cool their facilities, and then pour the super-heated water back into the ocean, killing fish larvae and other marine life.
This oil spill is not an isolated case -- it's just one example of persistent and pervasive environmental misconduct that endangers the environment and the people that depend upon it. Quintero Bay will not be restored to health without significant intervention from the government, and we need to act now.
To conduct the investigation, Oceana requests the appointment of a presidential delegate to determine why the industries in the area have such a poor environmental performance and suggest specific actions, terms, and budgets to decontaminate the bay.
In a clear signal for decision makers, this spill occurred just days before Chile became the first South American nation to establish a tax on carbon dioxide emissions. This tax is a critical step forward to establishing sustainable energy reform in Chile, and it couldn't come soon enough. We applaud Chile's efforts to tackle climate change, and encourage the government to act with equal decisiveness in determining the responsibilities for this devastating oil spill and recovering the coastal area of Ventanas, which only a few decades ago was an abundant marine area, home to small-scale fishermen that benefited from a healthy ocean.
More:

Brokerages make hay while sun shines on marketsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Initial Q2 numbers fail to meet estimatesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Sesa Sterlite posts 15.5% rise in net on higher other incomeE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Uncertainties in interpreting laws in India: AmazonE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

SIT to go after blackmoney offenders: Justice ShahE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

These Are the 12 Words in Tim Cook s Coming Out Essay That Made Me Tear Upreddit
Apple's CEO, Tim Cook, one of the most powerful people in the world, came out of the closet today.
Cook isn't the first person to come out and he won't be the last and in 2014 someone revealing his or her sexuality has almost become a ho-hum affair. Not only are public figures coming out in understated ways like offhandedly mentioning a boyfriend in the last two hundred words of a magazine profile, but when we run coming out stories on HuffPost Gay Voices the comments section is almost immediately filled with remarks like "Who cares?" and "It shouldn't matter!" and "It's no one's business!" -- and that's from mostly queer people.
I've argued before that coming out matters because the more visibility queer people have, the harder it is to deny not only that we exist, but that many of us are thriving in all parts of our society. Cook himself notes , "If hearing that the CEO of Apple is gay can help someone struggling to come to terms with who he or she is, or bring comfort to anyone who feels alone, or inspire people to insist on their equality, then it's worth the trade-off with my own privacy," and my guess is that somewhere, someone (or many someones) will be inspired by his move.
But the part of Cook's essay that actually had me tearing up as I walked to work this morning was this string of 12 simple words: "I consider being gay among the greatest gifts God has given me."
I admit I'm a bit of a sap (show me a well-edited trailer for a film with a sweeping Enya song in the background and I'm a soggy mess) but reading someone call being gay "a gift" punches me in the gut (in the best way possible) because all too often I hear people say that our queerness isn't important or shouldn't matter.
Some think in order for us to achieve the same rights as our non-queer counterparts, we need to play up how much we're like them. And, of course, we are a lot like them. And many queers want nothing more than to live a life filled with monogamy, marriage, kids, a mortgage, a mid-life crisis, an affair with the cute temp at the office and so on and so forth.
But for me, being queer has always meant I was different and that my difference made me special. The first time I heard the word queer, it was when I was a naive five-year-old and I had just performed a strip tease for our garbage man. He called me a queer and instead of being offended or hurt (as I should have been), I was thrilled because I thought the word meant extraordinary.
As I grew older, my queerness became a kind of curse. It got me pushed down flights of stairs in high school. It had me writing letters to Jesus asking him to make me pure and whole (a.k.a. straight). But when I finally came to accept who I am (in part thanks to others who, like Cook, had publicly come out or were always out) I realized that my queerness was something to treasure.
Cook notes "being gay has given me a deeper understanding of what it means to be in the minority and provided a window into the challenges that people in other minority groups deal with every day. It's made me more empathetic, which has led to a richer life. It's been tough and uncomfortable at times, but it has given me the confidence to be myself, to follow my own path, and to rise above adversity and bigotry." And I agree with him. Beyond this, being queer for me also means challenging set notions of sex, sexuality and gender and actively working to help tear down those rigid definitions that keep people unhappy, unfulfilled and unable to reach their full humanness.
Being queer is a gift because of the possibilities inherent in our otherness. I truly believe that we can and will be the ones who help usher in new ways of understanding our humanity. As we've long operated outside of traditional and institutional frameworks, we have and can push ourselves and our non-queer brothers and sisters to challenge what we've been told about sex, love, relationships, families, creativity, art and other big ticket items and that will mean that, hopefully, some day we'll be liberated from the isms that plague our society that are rooted in our reliance of and privileging those frameworks.
Cook also notes that, "Part of social progress is understanding that a person is not defined only by one's sexuality, race, or gender. I'm an engineer, an uncle, a nature lover, a fitness nut, a son of the South, a sports fanatic, and many other things." While I'll agree with him to a degree -- of course, as Walt Whitman so beautifully put it, we contain multitudes -- I would argue that my queerness is a primary factor in defining who I am. How could it not be? It's touched every part of my life and formed who I am today.
My queerness, like Tim Cook's, is a gift. And so is yours. Stop telling yourself and each other it doesn't matter, that it isn't important, that we shouldn't care. Stop telling yourself and each other that in order to be given the rights we deserve simply for being alive we need to silence or censor ourselves. Stop telling yourself and each other that we're just like everyone else. Our queer ancestors, the ones who fought at Stonewall and marched on Washington and were arrested and beaten and murdered for their queerness, weren't battling so that we could be like everyone else. We have never been just like everyone else and I hope we never are.
Your queerness matters.
Of course some will consider that a radical statement. And many people (non-queer and queer) won't agree with me. And that's fine. And I promise on that glorious day when the revolution finally arrives and we realize just how beautiful and and profound and momentous our queerness is, I won't say "I told you so," because deep down inside, you already knew it.
You already know it.
More:

B.S. Alert: Health Insurance Robber Barons Spend $56 Million vs. Prop 45 s Rate Regulation in California Without a Single Public Commentreddit
Four health insurance companies are spending $56 million to defeat California Proposition 45 , a ballot measure to be decided Tuesday, which I wrote, that bans excessive insurance rate hikes.   The insurance companies have unleashed a torrent of deceptive advertising but have remarkably refused to issue a single comment to the news media on Prop 45, including in today's New York Times .
Like the railroad robber barons of old, the health insurance company CEOs control their business in California from back rooms with an iron fist that keeps competition away. The four companies control 84% of the market and, not surprisingly, health insurance rates in California have climbed five times faster than inflation over the last decade. Even when a California state regulator finds a rate unreasonable,  as California's insurance commissioner did last week, it has no power to reject it.
We all have to buy health insurance in California, but, unlike in 35 other states, no regulator can stop the rates the insurance barons choose to charge until Prop 45 passes.
The dirty secret of the insurance companies opposed to Prop 45 is that they are funding the opposition. The companies never comment in the news and don't acknowledge their opposition in their advertisements, but instead send phony lab coats, scrubs and policy analysts to cover up the insurance companies' 100% funding of the opposition. The health insurance company executives have, in short, been missing for the last many months.
Except Thursday night.  The CEOs reared their heads briefly, in the shadow of the World Series, to fete Kaiser former's CEO George Halverson on Nob Hill at San Francisco's Fairmont Hotel.  Kaiser has contributed $18.7 million against Proposition 45, backed by the California Nurses Association, whose member confronted Halverson in front of the hotel.
A group of California nurses picked the driveway of the Fairmont while Kaiser Chief Halverson's guests arrived Thursday night.  "Hey, hey. Ho, ho.  Halverson's Premium Theft Has Got To Go!"
.
Nob Hill is where the railroad robber barons made their home at the turn of the twentieth century.  The railroad barons' corrupt practices and hold over the statehouse were the impetus for Governor Hiram Johnson giving Californians the gift of the direct democracy of the ballot initiative process.    This is the very process that brought Proposition 45's rate regulation to the voters after an insurance-controlled legislature failed in the legislature for more than a decade because of the insurance barons' grip.
The $56 million campaign against Prop 45 is all lies --- outrageous claims that government will play doctor with your health insurance and that a independent commission already exists to stop unreasonable rate hikes when it doesn't. Meanwhile the insurance companies stay mum on the record.  Their $56 million in advertising flows to television and radio stations that don't demand their comment.
That's why the group of price-gouged policyholders, nurses and consumer advocates descended on the Fairmont Monday night with a truck load of steer manure to give back to the CEOs feting Kaiser's chief what they have been shoveling to Californians in their advertising.
The $750 per plate gala honoring Halverson benefited a group providing cover for the insurance barons' silence, the Bay Area Council, comprised of corporate chieftains, including Kaiser's and Blue Shield's.  The Council is one of the groups that comments in the media for the insurance companies that fund it so the robber barons don't have to speak.
The buckets of manure didn't make it past the Fairmont's lobby door, but polls show California voters are catching on to the insurance robber barons' B.S.  A Hoover Institute poll this week found Prop 45 has a 12% lead.
The insurance industry advertising against Prop 45 is escalating.   But voters are smarter than the insurance companies want to admit.
Follow Jamie Court on Twitter: www.twitter.com/RaisingHellNow
More:

Why Tim Cook s Coming Out Mattersreddit
"I'm proud to be gay, and I consider being gay among the greatest gifts God has given me."
In a post published on Bloomberg Businessweek this morning, Apple CEO Tim Cook finally acknowledges what has been only whispered for so long: that he is gay.  The fact that this is still such big news (and the source a subject of so much speculation until today) shows why, in this day and age, it is still important for members of the LGBT community to stand up and be visible.  So why does it matter so much?
For one, Tim Cook is the CEO of one of the most powerful companies in the world.  Having someone of his stature publicly declare his sexual orientation is still a rare occurrence in the business world, so much so that The New York Times recently ran a widely shared article asking " Where Are the Gay Executives? "  Among other things, the article pointed out that it is still more common than not for LGBT workers to remain closeted at work, and that they also struggle to find mentors, both factors that can have a significant impact on career advancement.  Tim Cook's declaration and his recent work addressing issues of inclusion send a message that discrimination and a lack of diversity will not be tolerated.  Coming from the head of Apple, this is no small thing.
Second, Tim Cook's coming out immediately makes him a role model for countless gay youth to emulate.  As Tim himself stated, "[I]f hearing that the CEO of Apple is gay can help someone struggling to come to terms with who he or she is, or bring comfort to anyone who feels alone, or inspire people to insist on their equality, then it's worth the trade-off with my own privacy."  The lack of role models in business is a real issue for LGBT executives, and the more that senior executives that can live their lives openly at work, the more opportunities for networking and mentoring there will be for younger workers within a company.  Furthermore, statements of equality and inclusion at the top levels of a company are immediately noticed at all levels.  Having an openly gay executive at the top level of a company advocating on issues of equality and diversity signals to all employees that they are welcome to be open as well.
Third, Tim Cook's announcement will make it easier for top LGBT executives at other companies who may be struggling with whether or not to come out themselves to take that leap.  No doubt the response to Tim Cook's announcement will be observed closely at other companies.  The way he has handled this, and the way this story is handled, will provide a blueprint for others weighing a similar declaration.  Tim Cook's coming out will make it easier for others to follow in his path.  As in other areas, such as entertainment and sports, each coming-out event makes the next one less sensational and newsworthy.  Hopefully, others are taking note and preparing their own announcements as well.
Tim Cook's announcement matters not only because of Apple's business impact but because of its cultural impact.  Few brands have infiltrated our lives as pervasively as Apple has.  For a company like Apple to stand at the forefront of diversity and equality issues as well as embracing a prominent gay CEO sends a message to businesses that to succeed, you need to embrace diversity and equality.  Tim Cook has instantly made himself a role model for countless gay youth who can now point to a successful openly gay businessman and say, "I can do it too."
Follow Chris Wood on Twitter: www.twitter.com/LGBTTech
More:

The Message Kroger Doesn t Want You to Hearreddit
For months, Moms have called on Kroger to make a safer and more family-friendly shopping environment by prohibiting the open carry of firearms in its stores, just as brands including Target, Starbucks, and Panera have done.
Instead of meeting with us and reconsidering an irresponsible policy, Kroger's leadership has refused to listen. They have pressured radio stations to reject our ads and relocated their annual investor meeting to avoid interacting with customers. Just imagine how much easier it would have been if they would talk with us.
This week, Kroger executives and investors met in Cincinnati and I was there, along with dozens of Moms Demand Action volunteers from neighboring states, to make it as easy as possible for Kroger leadership to meet with us on an issue that women and mothers care about more than anything: the safety of our families.  Rather than agree to a meeting, Kroger bullied radio stations into pulling our ads highlighting the absurdity of their gun policy  (you can listen to the ads here and here ). And this week, Kroger bussed its investors out of the hotel where they were planning to meet and to an alternate location -- probably to avoid the rally of mothers and customers we had organized to spark a conversation with them.
Evidently Kroger is growing uncomfortable with their gun policy, and frankly, they should be.  Kroger is siding with gun extremists, rather than mothers, gun violence survivors, and the majority of Kroger shoppers, who support ending open carry in Kroger stores.
Moms refuse to be silenced. The ads that made Kroger so nervous are nothing more than recordings of Kroger employees reiterating Kroger's policy, which is to prohibit children's toys and household pets in the name of customer safety, but to allow anyone to openly carry loaded firearms, even though no permit, training, or background check is required to do so in most states.
Instead of working with us to make stores safer, Kroger has cited politicians' inaction to regulate open carry to justify their own stubborn refusal to institute a policy that does more than force employees and customers into a position where they must guess whether the armed individual in the frozen food aisle poses a threat to customers.
How are moms shopping with children expected to know the difference between an activist and a threat to our families? In a majority of states, it is completely legal to open carry a loaded gun in public without any training, permitting, or a background check. In some states, there isn't even an age requirement to open carry a loaded firearm.
That's why open carry poses a unique risk to the public. That's why we want Kroger to act, just as so many other major companies have done. And 83% of Kroger shoppers agree - Kroger is well within their rights to stop open carry .
When I founded Moms Demand Action the day after the tragic shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary, I knew that it would be a long road towards gun safety. Since then, millions of Americans have joined this fight and we will continue to be relentless whenever we feel the safety of our children is threatened.
Kroger's customers deserve to be heard and Moms won't stop until we get the change we need.
Follow Shannon Watts on Twitter: www.twitter.com/@shannonrwatts
More:

B2B and Social Media Content Marketingreddit
Visit any social media outlet today and you're likely to find numerous articles about Social Media Content Marketing, also known as Inbound Marketing, with outlines, diagrams, and frameworks that say very much of the same thing, albeit in different shapes, sizes, and formats.
In today's social and digital age, there is no straight path from A to B where business executives and technical sales professionals discover and share information. Along the consumer decision journey , often best defined by McKinsey's circular feedback loop, agility is key.
Multiple touch points mean multiple opportunities to attract consumers, as well as multiple chances to lose them with convoluted websites that make product information hard to decipher and points of contact difficult to locate. This is important to get right as one of the major roles of social content marketing is to bring B2B leads to you, before you need to call on them. If Word-of-Mouth and good content has brought them to you, great design must keep them there.
What is Content Marketing ?
The Content Marketing Institute defines Content Marketing as attracting and retaining customers by consistently creating and curating relevant and valuable content with the intention of changing or enhancing consumer behavior.
The idea is simple, but the ability to execute and develop a streamlined content creation mechanism is much more difficult when those on the selling end want to communicate features and functions of their products above and beyond industry trends. Additionally, people in the market for business solutions are often looking to consume content that is just detailed enough to understand a feature, selling point, or trend, but comprehensible enough to act upon.
According to Kevin Davis in Slow Down, Sell Faster: Understand Your Customer's Buying Process and Maximize Your Sales, requests and purchase orders are often delivered in one of three ways throughout the inbound B2B decision journey process :
The CEO, CTO, or CIO, has identified an industry trend and tasks his leads to investigate
A need is identified by a business lead, typically through the research process
Technical leads learn of future buying and selling opportunities after a need has been identified and they are evaluating their options
With this in mind, here are five key things to remember when developing an inbound marketing strategy or content marketing program to address the different avenues B2B executives discover and seek out content:
1. It isn't just about the C-Suite
Chances are, the individuals making the decision to choose one brand over another are your business leads and your tech leads. Go where they go and improve your owned platforms to support their search needs. For example, incorporate them into our design and builds as beta testers of your website. Invite them to not only host roundtables and webinars, but to also provide feedback on how your business could be doing things better. Take a fine-toothed comb to external presentations and always ask yourself, "If I'm spending an hour out of my day on this webinar, would it provide true value?" There's nothing worse than a jargon-filled webinar. Be prescriptive, show case studies, and provide insight into what worked, as well as what didn't work.
2. Don't discount the value of forums and the power of search
Forums and blogs are your friend. They index well on search engines and are visited frequently by the individuals who have the ear of their bosses. The people researching solutions are speaking to each other and commenting on blogs and forums. This generates Word-of-Mouth and builds the reputation of your brand. The more you have a presence in this space, or create this space on your owned channels, like Cisco, Dell, and Apple, the better off you'll be, particularly if a crisis unfolds.
3. Conduct a SWOT Analysis with your target
How are you defining and developing a social content strategy if you don't know the barriers that stand in the way? Identify key insights directly from the horse's mouth. Interviewing individuals from each customer segment is key. Both physicians and attorneys learn rigor by examining cases that came before them and use that knowledge to diagnose an illness or build an argument. You, as a strategist, must do the same.
4. Develop a strategic approach for each vertical
Every vertical is unique. Enterprise businesses today offer a plethora of solutions. For example, educators have their own knowledge sharing platforms like Edmodo, just as medical professionals might frequent Sermo, the largest online community exclusively for physicians with over 270,000 licensed MDs and DOs. Don't always default to LinkedIn or Facebook as you might be missing out on a niche B2B community.
5. Social listening is your friend
Invest in a listening solution like Sysomos, Crimson Hexagon, or Visible Technologies, as well as a strategist who understands the power of developing insights based on data. This will allow you to listen to what your targets are saying in real-time, identify key trends, and develop magnetic content to support exactly what they're looking for in the language they're using with one another.
Follow Layla Revis on Twitter: www.twitter.com/@jauntmagazine
More:

Finding Plus-Sized Teen Clothing Is Hard -- And This Didn t Help  Walmartreddit
When you're plus-sized, Halloween can be downright scary. It's not the ghosts and ghouls I'm talking about, but finding a costume. It seems that whoever makes costumes thinks that nearly everyone who is female wants to be a "sexy" version of something -- and they make the costumes based on that.
Every year I have a hard time finding a costume that will cover my butt, my boobs and my arms. It's October, people, and I live in Connecticut -- it's cold.  I usually spend hours searching for a costume I like and that will work for my body. In fact, after being told I was too fat to be a princess years ago, this year, we made a princess costume that I could wear and feel like a real princess in -- all while at Disney World's Mickey's Halloween Party. (By the way, anyone can be a princess! )
While I was looking for something less poofy and easier to trick or treat in, I took a quick look at Walmart to see if they had something I could use. I was searching Halloween online and I found a bunch of costumes. Some even appropriate! All I had to do was to look for the: FAT GIRL COSTUMES
Yes, you read right. Look at how Walmart categorized the plus-sized costumes:
Really, Walmart? Is that how you feel about a good portion of your customers? Major retailers have always shown that they do not care about their plus-sized customers. Their teeny tiny plus-sized sections -- maybe four to five racks of clothing if you are lucky -- show that the approximately 67 percent of Americans who are "plus-sized" (and their money) aren't important enough for them to carry a decent amount of stylish clothing. Still, to be called "fat" on the Walmart website shocked me.
Calling people "fat," Walmart, isn't a trick, or a treat. It's an insult, and another reason not to shop in your store.
*Update: Walmart has apologized for their gaffe , telling The Huffington Post in a statement:
"This never should have been on our site. It is unacceptable, and we apologize. We are working to remove it as soon as possible and ensure this never happens again."
I'm still never shopping there again. I shop at places that make it clear they value me and my money. Most plus-sized sections are hidden in the back of the store, with one or two lousy racks of old lady clothes. Newsflash: Just because we wear a size bigger than a 10 does not mean we all need or want to wear mom jeans, crazy prints or all black. Finding clothing that I like as a plus-sized teen is hard. Finding a place to buy it is harder. I found five good places to get plus-sized teen clothing , and I spend my hard earned money there. I'll never shop at a place that makes fun of me.
Originally posted on my blog: Losergurl.com
Follow Ally Del Monte on Twitter: www.twitter.com/Loser_Gurls
More:

Who s Packing Your Parachutereddit
A few years ago I interviewed Charlie Plumb, a U.S. Navy jet pilot who served in Vietnam. I learned a very valuable leadership lesson that I'd like to pass on to you here.
Charlie flew 74 consecutive successful combat missions. However, on his 75th mission, his F4 Phantom fighter plane was shot down by a surface-to-air missile. The plane exploded with some 12,000 pounds of jet fuel, flipping the plane topsy-turvy, end-over-end, down toward a rice paddy below.
Charlie was forced to eject. The only thing between him and imminent death was his parachute that he prayed would open.
He finally felt the opening shock of the parachute. During the 90 seconds of descent he was shot at by enemy troops. "The audacity of this enemy," Charlie said. "They just knocked down my multimillion-dollar airplane and now they're trying to kill the pilot!"
Charlie made it down to the ground alive, but was then captured and spent 2,103 brutal days as a prisoner of war in a communist Vietnamese prison camp.
Many years after being repatriated, Charlie, his wife, and another couple were sitting together in a little restaurant in Kansas City.
Two tables over was this guy who kept looking at him. Charlie would look back. He didn't recognize him, and he kept catching this guy staring at him. Finally the guy stood up and walked over to Charlie's table and pointed at him with a sort of stern look on his face. "You're Captain Plumb," he said. Charlie looked up at him and said, "Yes, I am Captain Plumb." The guy said, "You're that guy. You flew jet fighters in Vietnam. You're a fighter pilot, part of that 'Top Gun' outfit. You launched from the aircraft carrier Kitty Hawk, you parachuted into enemy territory, and you spent six years as a prisoner of war."
Somewhat dumbfounded, Charlie looked up at the guy and asked, "How in the world did you know all that?" The man chuckled, smiled, and replied, "Because I packed your parachute."
Charlie was speechless. The man grabbed Charlie's hand and pumped his arm and said, "I guess it worked," and then walked off.
Charlie laid awake that night thinking about all the times he had walked through the long narrow room, below sea level on the aircraft carrier, where the men sat at tables packing the parachutes. How many times must he have walked past this man without even saying, "hi," "good morning," "good job," or "I appreciate what you do"?
"How many times did I pass the man whose job would eventually save my life because I was a jet jockey, a Top Gun racing around the sky at twice the speed of sound? Because I was a fighter pilot and he was just a sailor?"
Think about this: How many times in life do you pass the people who help you out the most? The people who come out of the far corners of your life just when you need them the most and pack your parachutes for you? The people who go the extra mile, the people who don't look for the kudos or the accolades or the achievement medal, or even the bonus check--the folks who are just out there packing parachutes?
So here's what I want to challenge you to do. Look around your organization for the people who might not be the "Top Guns" of your organization, the loud and brazen leaders, but the ones who support the system that enables the Top Guns to fly. If something goes wrong it will be because they did their job that no one gets hurt or a customer doesn't go neglected.
This week, find 5 parachute packers in your organization and tell them how much you appreciate them and how important the things they do for the organization truly are. In the end, it might just be them who save your life or your business--or at least save the day.
Follow Darren Hardy on Twitter: www.twitter.com/DARRENHARDY
More:

Trade Trumps Anti-Corruptionreddit
Important trading powers, such as Japan, the Netherlands, South Korea and Brazil, are failing to enforce national laws that call for criminal prosecution of companies from their countries that bribe foreign government officials and politicians.
Indeed, only four countries, which between them represent almost one-quarter of global exports, are fully enforcing their own laws to curb corporate corruption -- the United States, Germany, Switzerland and the United Kingdom -- according to a new report, "Exporting Corruption," published by Transparency International .
The widespread failure by many important exporting countries to curb business corruption can only be explained by their belief that boosting exports is far more important than reducing corruption. By turning a blind eye to the bribe paying by companies from their countries, these governments expect their enterprises will win trade deals that bring profits home and create jobs as well.
The current situation is scandalous. The non-enforcement of corporate anti-corruption laws encourages foreign government politicians and officials to seek bribes when negotiating government contracts with multinational enterprises. The corporate bribery, of course, distorts global market business competition.
No major trading nation takes a tougher line on corporations paying bribes to foreign officials than the United States, but this may well place U.S. companies at a competitive disadvantage in world trade.
Anti-Bribery Laws
This was certainly the case from 1978 to 1998 when the U.S. alone had a "Foreign Corrupt Practices Act" ( FCPA ) that made it a crime for a U.S. company to pay bribes to foreign government officials. The unlevel playing field that U.S. corporations confronted was meant to change, however, in 1998 when the Anti-Bribery Convention of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development ( OECD ) came into force. The Convention mostly replicates the details of the FCPA and 41 countries have signed it.
However, there seems to be a major gulf between signing a law and enforcing it when trade deals are in play. The victims are honest companies that refuse to pay bribes. Just as importantly, the victims are also the world's poor. When government officials see the opportunity for kickbacks from contracts then, all too often, they are willing to overpay for imports and purchase shoddy products. The citizens of their countries suffer as a result.
It is time that the OECD Anti-Bribery Convention was fully enforced. Just how bad matters are is revealed in the "Exporting Corruption" report. It assesses countries in four categories relative to their enforcement of the OECD pact:
Active Enforcement: just four countries, although they represent fully 23.1 percent of world exports -- U.S., Germany, U.K. and Switzerland.
Moderate Enforcement: five countries with 8.3 percent of world exports -- Italy, Canada, Australia, Austria and Finland.
Limited Enforcement: eight countries with 7.6 percent of world exports --France, Sweden, Norway, Hungary, South Africa, Argentina, Portugal and New Zealand.
Little or No Enforcement: 22 countries with 27 percent of world exports -- Japan, Netherlands, Korea (South), Russia, Spain, Belgium, Mexico, Brazil, Ireland, Poland, Turkey, Denmark, Czech Republic, Luxembourg, Chile, Israel, Slovak Republic, Colombia, Greece, Slovenia, Bulgaria and Estonia.
The U.S. Department of Justice has long been the largest and toughest enforcer of corporate anti-corruption laws. According to the new Transparency International report, between 2010 and 2013 there were at least 99 investigations initiated, 14 cases commenced (12 of which were major cases) and 132 cases concluded (67 were major cases that concluded with substantial sanctions).
For many years the Germans, who pre-1998 allowed corporations to deduct their foreign bribes from their taxes, failed to enforce the OECD Convention. Then prosecutors discovered that Siemens, the largest engineering company in Europe, had a sophisticated global bribe-paying system in place involving vast payments. The Siemens disclosures created a public furor in Germany and encouraged prosecutors to take Germany's commitments under the OECD treaty seriously. In the last four years they have initiated investigations into 74 companies.
Silver Lining
The U.S. Department of Justice's ability to bring cases since the OECD Convention came into effect has been increased by the willingness of a growing number of foreign prosecutors from many different countries to cooperate and provide evidence. For example, last year, the U.S. prosecuted four executives from France's Alstom SA company for paying bribes in a deal with an Indonesian public utility -- the case was made in part because of information provided by Indonesia's Corruption Eradication Commission.
Fritz Heimann, a former lawyer at General Electric and one of the founders of Transparency International, has long been engaged in monitoring the OECD Convention's enforcement. He argues that it would now be helpful if the OECD collected and published data on mutual legal assistance requests relating to foreign bribery. This would add clarity to which governments are, and are not, cooperating with the U.S. on enforcement actions.
A Level Playing Field
The non-enforcement of corporate anti-corruption laws by many countries dare not be a pretext for watering down U.S. laws, as the U.S. Chamber of Commerce would like to see. In fact, it should instead be an encouragement for even greater prosecuting zeal by the U.S. Justice Department.
This is certainly the way the Obama Administration appears to approach the issue. The number of cases being investigated and prosecuted now by the U.S. authorities is high and the scale of punishments is mounting. The key is that the U.S. authorities have cast a wide net, not just going after U.S. companies, but also foreign firms that have U.S. operations or are listed on U.S. stock exchanges.
A comprehensive listing of anti-corruption enforcement actions against multinational companies is constantly being updated by Trace International that plays important roles working with honest businesses to strengthening their anti-corruption compliance systems and approaches.
Follow Frank Vogl on Twitter: www.twitter.com/#frankvogl
More:

The American Hospital  in a State of Emergencyreddit
There's an epidemic in America that's not getting the attention it deserves: hospital closures.
In Alabama , 10 hospitals closed in the last three years, leaving some smaller communities without a major medical facility. Last year, Georgia lost three hospitals, Virginia and North Carolina one each. And in New Jersey no fewer than 40 urban hospitals have shut down over the last decade. The situation is so dire that, according to the American Medical Association, almost one third of all emergency rooms in the country have closed since the mid-nineties.
" Across the nation, " The Los Angeles Times observed earlier this year, "both rural and urban areas are struggling daily to maintain the necessary infrastructure to provide support for residents. The loss of even the smallest facility places additional strain on the already tenuous existence of neighboring institutions." It's a trend that threatens the very future of the institution of the hospital, which in modern times has become the foundation on which the American medical system is built.
There are various reasons for the closings. In New York City, some hospitals are built on land so valuable developers pressure the city and owners to sell so the land can be used for commercial and residential purposes. In a number of the 23 states that opted not to sign onto the Medicaid expansion under Obamacare, a dearth of Medicaid money has crippled some hospitals financially, leading them to close.
But all too often hospitals, both rural and urban, find themselves on the brink of fiscal insolvency because insurance companies, driven by bottom-line profits, woefully underpay claims hospitals file for services they provide. " This business practice is not only unfair and illegal," one city attorney said when San Francisco filed a lawsuit against three insurance companies on behalf of the city's public hospitals for allegedly habitually underpaying claims, "it jeopardizes the city's ability to provide critically necessary emergency health care."
In New Jersey, one hospital, Bayonne Medical Center, has found a way to fight back. Bayonne is a working class community in Hudson County, which has the highest number of uninsured and underinsured patients in the state. Founded in 1888, Bayonne Medical , one of only six hospitals in the county, has been an important fixture in the area for years. So, in 2007, when the hospital filed for bankruptcy -- it was losing $1.5 million a month -- city leaders worried that the hospital might shut down for good.
That was avoided in 2008 when CarePoint Health, a private company owned by three entrepreneurs, bought the hospital in bankruptcy for $41 million . To make the facility profitable again -- and allow it to remain open to serve the community -- the new owners took a series of deliberate steps.
They changed the status of the facility from nonprofit to for-profit. Then they terminated all current contracts with insurance companies that had been underpaying claims for years, one of the main reasons the hospital got into financial trouble in the first place. " The practices at Bayonne Medical ," The New York Times reported about the hospital's restructuring, "highlight a new financial strategy used by a small number of hospitals to increase their profits by 'going out of network' -- severing ties, and hence contractual agreements that limit reimbursement rates, with large private insurers."
Because it was now out-of-network, Bayonne Medical was free to charge insurance companies whatever it wanted for a procedure or treatment. Depending on the insurance company, the hospital sometimes overcharged simply to force the insurance company to pay a fair price on a claim.
One case made national headlines. Baer Hanusz-Rajkowski was doing home repairs when he cut his finger with the claw of a hammer. He went to the ER at Bayonne Medical and received care. Because Hanusz-Rajkowski was insured by United Healthcare, a company with a history of underpaying the hospital for ER services, Bayonne Medical submitted a bill for $8775 .
At first, the insurance company balked before finally paying three fourths of the bill. When the story of the exorbitant bill made the national news, it exposed the new method some hospitals are using to force insurance companies to pay. As Mark Spektor, Bayonne Medical president, told one television network: " These sticker price charges only apply to ... a minority of patients whose insurance companies have refused to negotiate fair contracted prices with us."
But the new pricing approached has worked. As of 2011, Bayonne Medical revenue tripled with an operating income of $9.3 million . At present, the hospital is on firm financial footing with anticipated growth for years to come. For so many hospitals across the country teetering on bankruptcy or closure, the fight-fire-with-fire approach used by Bayonne Medical may well become the model for the future.
More:

Mutual Selection Processreddit
There are times when events come full circle.  After a recent MBA program on Professional Protocol, a young man stayed afterwards to ask a question.  He wanted to know if he needed to shave his beard to secure a job.  As he spoke, I was reminded of a parallel conversation I had had nearly two decades ago with a female graduate student who adamantly refused to wear a skirted suit to an interview.  My response to both of them was the same.  While part of interviewing process is the organization evaluating the candidate, an equally important part of the interview is the candidate evaluating the organization.  For many of life's major decisions, such as interviewing for a job, we are an active part of a mutual selection process.
Retain Your Power ~ When job hunting, it can feel as if the hiring organization has all the power.  They decide if they want to interview you, and when.  They decide if they want to invite you back.  They decide if they would like to extend an offer of employment.  Yet as the interviewee, you too have power.  You should be deciding if you like the organization's mission, the workplace culture and the other employees.  If and when they offer employment, you still have the power to accept or politely decline.
Country Mouse or City Mouse ~ The better you understand what type of situations and environments you enjoy, the better your decision.  Do you like to work in an office or out-and-about?  Do you prefer a regular schedule or do you thrive on change?  Do you like commuting the same time each day or traveling near and far?  Are you a process-based or client-based worker?  Would you rather work in a suit or in scrubs or in sweatpants?  All of these options, and many more, will help you narrow your preferred profession and position.
Values and Beliefs ~ Of course a paycheck is wonderful, yet most individuals find work more rewarding when it is linked to their own core values and beliefs.  You may have the opportunity to bring in a giant paycheck, but if that means always putting work before family or creating toxic sludge, would your values and beliefs will be compromised?  Research the organization and decide if what they do - and how they do it - fit well with what is important to you.
Process of Elimination ~ Job seeking can prove to be a daunting task.  Allow yourself to explore many differing options and situations.  Sometimes finding the right job is simply eliminating the ones you definitely do not want.  Queasy at the sight of blood?  No worries, you can now cross off doctor, nurse or healthcare worker.  With every job you reject, you get closer to the job that is right for you.
Back to the beard and skirt question... not every job is right for every person.  If you love the way you look and feel with a beard, understand that there are some companies that frown upon facial hair, but there will be others that will revel in your nonconformity.  And if you hate skirts, chances are you would hate working in a highly structured environment that requires them.  Be true to yourself and really observe the organization during the interviews.  By presenting your best self in the interview process, you will allow the mutual selection process to work to your advantage.
A caveat: please note, that if facial hair or specific attire is part of your religious observance, you should not change or alter them as part of the interview.  Instead, you must be able to calmly, clearly and concisely address these cultural differences in order to educate the interviewer and allow for greater understanding.  Then refocus the interview back to your qualifications for the position at hand.
Follow Jodi R. R. Smith on Twitter: www.twitter.com/Mannersmith
More:

New Wealth Mindset for the Conscious Entrepreneurreddit
In last week's article, "Can Higher Consciousness Deliver Higher Profits?," we explored the connection between higher consciousness and higher profits. I proposed that it is not only possible to run a profitable business in a higher consciousness manner, it is THE WAY to a long-term, sustainable, and expansive enterprise. A sound business is based on higher purpose, while being value-driven, and service-focused.  In today's article, we'll explore nine beliefs that support this new model of conscious business.
To implement this model in a powerful and effective way, you're going to need a new mindset that is aligned with it. This new mindset is characteristic of what I call Second Stage Capitalism™.  Second Stage Capitalism™ sees profits flowing from supplying tremendous value in the context of making the world a better place. I've identified nine beliefs that support this New Wealth Mindset.
Before we dive into these beliefs, let's take a brief look at why your beliefs are so vitally important. A belief is a lens through which you view the world. Different beliefs enable you to see different things. As a conscious entrepreneur, empowering beliefs enable you to see the best opportunities for your business--the ones that expand your business and profits by making a powerful positive difference for your customers and the world.
Nine Beliefs of a New Wealth Mindset
The following nine beliefs will revolutionize how you look at the life of your business. I'll contrast these nine beliefs of Second Stage Capitalism™ with their First Stage Capitalism™ counterparts, so you can clearly see the differences. In every case, the First Stage Capitalist view leads only to short-term rewards--at best--while sacrificing long-term, sustainable, and expanding profits.
1. Abundance: there is plenty for all.
There is an infinite supply of business opportunities available to those who know how to see them and leverage them. In fact, this is the heart of entrepreneurialism. An entrepreneur is one who is able to see what is needed in the marketplace and supply it in a form that consumers want, need, and desire.
This contrasts with a mindset of scarcity, lack, and thinking that there is never enough. Now, we certainly need to be aware of limits to natural resources and how our use of these resources has consequences for ourselves and future generations on the planet. However, we often apply the notion of scarcity outside the realm of natural resources to all business opportunities. This "glass is half-empty" belief will not grow your business. The conscious entrepreneur sees abundant opportunities.
2. We are here to collaborate.
Recent research counters the old Darwinian notion of natural selection through "competition" to show that those who "cooperate best" are actually the ones who not only survive but flourish.  You could even say that the very idea of "markets" is based on the idea of cooperation.
In a market economy everyone brings specific skills and resources to the table and there is a mutually beneficial exchange so that each receives what they need from others. There is greater efficiency and higher quality in obtaining resources through cooperative exchange.  It allows each partner in the system to specialize in providing something well, then exchange it through a system of fair rules of bargaining. The very basis of a market is cooperation.
If competition was the ultimate model, we would just engage in warfare and stealing--obviously shortsighted and unsustainable practices that undermine the cooperation needed for markets to function well.
3. Power arises through collaboration instead of through domination.
Because of the cooperative nature of fair, rules-based markets, power accumulates through collaboration in mutually-beneficial alliances. The more alliances you have, the more power you have in the marketplace. The mindset of domination creates mistrust and alienation, which undermines markets and the mutually beneficial alliances a business needs to be successful in the long-term.
4. The best business opportunities are found in heart-based, authentic choices.
Heart-felt, authentic choices align you with your purpose and create tremendous energy to drive a business forward. You will inspire your team, your allied partners, and your customers, when your business is driven by a passion that excites you and them.  In every business, there are challenges. You will meet those challenges and overcome them when you and your team are inspired about the value you are bringing your customers and the world.
5. You find the right opportunities by focusing on future possibilities.
An entrepreneur is not stuck in the past, but uses knowledge of the past to take advantage of present and future opportunities. The future is wide open. It is created by the choices we make today. An entrepreneur is making choices, not based on fear of what has happened, but on optimism for what can happen.
6. There is a flow and synergy to all of Life.
An entrepreneur is always on the lookout for the convergence of present needs and desires with creative innovations. When you believe in synergy and flow, you see the opportunity in every event and believe that everything is moving forward in the best possible way. You understand how everything works together and you make decisions to create more synergy and flow, rather than more division and fear.
7. There are unlimited choices.
No matter what happens, you have a choice in how you interpret it and how you choose to relate to it. News is neither "good news" nor "bad news." News is simply information about what is happening and what someone thinks about it.  You can choose to turn information into business opportunity or not.
8. We are part of a united team.
A conscious entrepreneur sees Life as a Whole. Nowhere is this more evident than in our global economy. What happens anywhere affects everyone everywhere. This is a fact of physics and of markets. Therefore, what is good for your business needs to take into account what is good for everyone concerned--your employees, your customers, your suppliers, society, and the planet.
9. You, others, and society win together.
No longer can we afford the small-minded view of disconnected self-interest. Because we are all in this together, we all win together and we all lose together. A conscious entrepreneur takes a wide view of the stockholders of their business, which includes everyone directly and indirectly affected by corporate decisions and policies. When your brand takes this perspective you grow raving fans around the world.
What might happen if you looked at the opportunities for your business through the lens of these nine beliefs? What if you raised your own consciousness to that level? What new opportunities might reveal themselves? What difference would you make in the world if this New Wealth Mindset was your dominant business outlook?
--
Follow J V Crum III on Twitter: www.twitter.com/jvcrum
Connect on LinkedIN: www.linkedin.com/in/jvcrum/
J V Crum III is the founder of ConsciousMillionaire.com ; as a business coach, speaker, and podcaster, he is sought after for his unique ability to help conscious entrepreneurs get their voice out there, make a positive impact, and ramp up profits. Listen to the #1 Ranked Conscious Millionaire Podcast , M-F -Business Coaching for Conscious Entrepreneurs. J V holds an MBA, JD and a MS in Psychology; his best-selling book, "Conscious Millionaire: Grow Your Business by Making a Difference" is available now: http://www.amazon.com/Conscious-Millionaire-Business-Making-Difference/dp/0976719223/ref=tmm_pap_title_0
Follow J V Crum III on Twitter: www.twitter.com/jvcrum
More:

Screwing Our Vets Is an American TraditionIn February of this year, an effort to move forward with a $21 billion bill to enhance health care, education and job benefits for veterans, was blocked by the GOP ; we've cut food stamps, on which at least 900,000 military families rely; blocked a bill that was specifically supposed to create jobs for veterans ; cut funding for the VA ; sent them into battle with inadequate gear ; and barely care for their health issues .
This week alone, there are glaring examples of how we treat our veterans. Steve Dibert over at MFI-Miami has a blog post up about how Deutsche Banks and Ocwen using forged notary stamps, duel tracking and other actions to take the home of a veteran dying of cancer. And then there's angry lunatic and radio host Michael Savage who went on a disgusting rant, calling vets with PTSD "weak." "narcissistic" and "losers ."
Nice way to treat the folks that have risked their lives for you to have the right and freedom to talk about and treat them that way, isn't it?
Now, there are legal protections in place, such as the Service Members Civil Relief Act, that are supposed to provide active duty members of the military, and their families, with valuable consumer protection rights specific to their military status regardless of whether or not they are deployed. The SCRA was designed to protect them from things like eviction, foreclosure, debt collection on credit card accounts, taxes, among others . Despite this, banks and mortgage servicers still managed to foreclose on active duty service members , and that's while they're on duty. Coming home to "civilian life" is a whole other story.
The Washington City Paper ran a piece in 2011 about the Southeast Veterans Service Center, a three-story transitional housing facility in Washington, D.C.. The conditions were deplorable.
...conditions at the center leave much to be desired. His air conditioner didn't work for weeks during the hottest part of the summer. Bathroom facilities are filthy, the floors stained from toilet flooding and the shower curtains black with mold, and there's usually no soap or toilet paper. The center is supposed to serve two meals a day, but the continental breakfast started only recently, dinner is offered at irregular times, and sometimes supplies run out before all of the 98 residents who want food have eaten.
That's not an isolated incident. And things haven't gotten much better for veterans since then.
More than one million veterans are at risk of becoming homeless, while tens of thousands of former service members are already living without shelter, according to the Center For American Progress .
62,619 veterans were homeless on a single night in the United States in 2012 according to the Department of Housing and Urban Development's 2012 Annual Homeless Assessment Report . That's 13 percent of all homeless adults.
Anthony Mitchell, of Denver, was one of those homeless vets. Mitchell was a POW for six months and is permanently disabled after suffering a traumatic brain injury due to his overseas combat deployment.
Mitchell and his wife were homeless for over a year, living out of their car rather than having to sleep in separate shelters.
In 2011, they caught a break and moved into the Fourth Quarter Apartments, a complex of 36 units specifically for disabled veterans and their families. The rent was a little more than most facilities of this nature, because the building touted amenities such as on-site laundry facilities, secure entrance, common areas, handicap accessible restrooms, and " special facilities to meet the needs of veterans ."
Sounds pretty good, right?
Fourth Quarter's management company, Burgwyn Residential Management Services, LLC are now the subject of a HUD complaint filed by Mitchell and 10 other disabled vets with the help of Lacefield and Coleman, LLC.
According to The Denver Post , Fourth Quarter Apartments receives a 20-year subsidy of $201,600 annually from a local non-profit. Additionally, according to a March 2014 Denver City Council meeting agenda , they could be receiving an additional $584,457 every year from the city of Denver.
Earlier this month, the tenants of Fourth Quarter Apartments, with the help of Lacefield and Coleman Fair Housing Advocates, LLC, a firm that helps homeowners and tenants with Fair Housing and Fair Lending complaints , filed multiple complaints with HUD against the property management company, Burgwyn Residential Management Services, LLC and property manager Jill Montgomery.
The complaints to HUD are a veritable list of what not to do when renting apartments -- much less renting to disabled vets.
According to the complaints:
The community room, one of the amenities that the tenants of the building pay for has been locked since September 2013. It includes a TV, pool table, microwave, coffee maker, vending machines, and furniture. Meanwhile, there is no legitimate security in the back of the property, according to accounts.
The handicap restroom in the common area is also locked. While it remains available for management and maintenance who have a key, the 36 disabled veterans are not allowed to use it, for what building manager Grace Burgwyn stated, "[The restroom] will never be open to you," and cited security reasons and insurance costs at a tenants meeting, according to several written accounts. This is particularly upsetting as many of the vets are on medication that causes them to need frequent access to these facilities.
Since 2013 there has been one working washing machine on the premises and many of the tenants have had to trek their laundry five blocks to a laundromat. According to multiple accounts the tenants were told that "maintenance is busy."
According to written accounts the stairway in the four-story building is locked and inaccessible to the residents, making it difficult to get to their homes if the elevator is occupied and impossible to escape in the event of an emergency.
On multiple occasions, according to the written accounts, maintenance crews have entered the residence unannounced and without the tenant's knowledge. They have damaged property on one occasion and on another occasion when they let themselves into the apartment one of the female tenants was exiting the shower. When this was brought to the attention of the property manager, Grace Burgwyn, her response, according to several written accounts, was, "We can enter your apartment whenever we like and if you don't like it you can leave."
And that's just a few of the items that went into the complaints to HUD, but by no means the most startling. Not long after getting his second floor two bedroom apartment at Fourth Quarter Apartments, Anthony Mitchell was asked to move to the fourth floor and given one day to do it -- or, as he was told by management, move out of the building. The fourth floor is referred to by the building managers as "The Black Four," referring to the floor and its inhabitants who are all African American. The new tenant of Mitchell's old second-floor apartment, was not surprisingly later occupied by a white veteran.
Soon after the complaints were filed and accepted by HUD, rather than try to rectify the situation, Jill Montgomery of Burgwyn Residential Management Services, went into full victim mode and vilified the disabled vets and Dr. Gary Lacefield. An email was sent to multiple residents accusing them of having committed slander against her. In addition she sent the tenants certified letters insinuating that the veterans were "tricked" into signing fair housing complaints and even included a pre-addressed envelope they could use to mail their written withdrawal of the complaints.
According to Dr. Lacefield, a similar, more accusatory telephone conversation took place between Dr. Lacefield and Henry Burgwyn, the owner of the property management company. Unfortunately for Jill Montgomery and Burgwyn Residential Management Services, this action constitutes retaliation, intimidation and harassment, so the original complaint was amended by Lacefield and Coleman Fair Housing Advocates, LLC and submitted to HUD.
As Lacefield puts it, "When I was in the military, I vowed to protect this country and its citizens from enemies both foreign and domestic. I think this applies."
Even prisoners of war are afforded a modicum of civility, dignity, and human rights under the Geneva Convention. Is it so unreasonable that we ask people who are housing our veterans to treat them with at least the same respect, rather than using them as cash cows and bilking the system for nearly $1 million a year in the process? After all they fought for our right to take advantage of those less fortunate and for our right to get rich doing it. The least anyone could do is make sure that they are taken care of as a small thanks for what they've sacrificed.
(Phone calls to Burgwyn Residential Management Services were not returned.)
Read more at http://nowitcounts.com/america-fails-veterans-use-vets-long/
Follow Richard Zombeck on Twitter: www.twitter.com/zombeck
More:

Indian pharma to gain from LatAm rule on genericsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Brazil President to announce economic recovery measuresUpdated: October 28, 2014 17:11 IST
Brazil President to announce economic recovery measures
IANS
AP Brazil's President Dilma Rousseff blows kisses to supporters as she celebrates her victory at a hotel in Brasilia.
TOPICS
macro economics
Newly re-elected Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff has said she would soon be announcing measures for economic recovery and to strengthen the fight against inflation, but not before holding an extensive discussion with all sectors.
In her first public appearance a day after her re-election, the head of state told two television channels on Monday that she would attend to her voters’ appeals for change but that, first, she would discuss these with all parties, including the opposition.
Ms. Rousseff was re-elected Sunday with 51 percent of the votes. Her opponent, social democrat Aecio Neves garnered 49 percent. “I am not going to wait for the end of the first term to launch the actions necessary to transform and improve the growth of the economy,” said the President in a reference to the low growth rates and high inflation in the country.
She added that she would be “very clearly” announcing the economic measures she planned to adopt and these would be the result of a consensus among all sectors. “I am going to hold a dialogue with all the sectors. I want to talk with the business and financial sectors (and) with the market to discuss the way for Brazil,” she said.
She admitted that that process would begin only once the market stabilised which could be in November, setting the stage for an announcement of the measures by the end of the year. “So that the country grows, maintains low levels of unemployment, effectively fights inflation, it is necessary to hold a broad dialogue with all the productive forces, with society and with the financial sector. The climate now is of building bridges and not of looking for differences,” she emphasised.
The President will be taking a break after a long campaign leading up to the elections before she resumes her official duties next week. However, she is expected to continue discussions regarding the formation of the next cabinet and especially to decide the replacement for current Finance Minister Guido Mantega.
That decision is anxiously awaited by the financial markets, which in recent months have showed a growing distrust of Mantega and are hoping for an easing of the “interventionist” policies in the economy. The President, however, made it clear that she was in no rush to announce names and that there could be a wide-ranging reform in the cabinet.
“I will announce names at the right time. And I am not going to discuss only one minister, I will discuss my ministry. I said in the campaign that I will have a new government with new ideas,” she told Record TV.

Maruti launches new SwiftNew Delhi, October 28, 2014
Updated: October 28, 2014 18:50 IST
Maruti launches new Swift
The Hindu The Swift, which was first launched in the country in May 2005, has been re-introduced in both petrol and diesel variants. Photo: Shanker Charavarty
TOPICS
automobile
Maruti Suzuki India on Tuesday launched the refreshed version of its popular hatchback Swift with 10 per cent enhanced fuel efficiency, priced between Rs 4.42 lakh and Rs 6.95 lakh (ex-showroom Delhi).
The model, which was first launched in the country in May 2005, has been re-introduced in both petrol and diesel variants.
“The Swift now comes with improved fuel efficiency of 10 per cent and a rich equipment list like push start button, a 60:40 split rear seat, electric retractable outside mirrors, reverse parking sensor and others,” the company’s Executive Director (Marketing & Sales), R S Kalsi said.
The company has sold over 12 lakh Swift cars till date.
Country’s largest car maker said the new Swift diesel comes with a certified fuel efficiency of 25.2 kmpl, up by 10 per cent from the outgoing model, while the fuel efficiency of the petrol variant has been improved by 9.67 per cent to 20.4 kmpl.
The introductory prices of the petrol variants of the car range between Rs 4.42 lakh and Rs 5.90 lakh, while the diesel versions of the car are priced between Rs 5.56 and Rs 6.95 lakh (ex-showroom Delhi).

Salman Khan black buck case: Witness identifies Sonali  Neelam  TabuE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Black money:  Modi had promised to put Rs 15 lakh in every Indian s pocketE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Unearthing black money can bring $30 bn windfall for India s forex reserves: BofAE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Groundnut  cottonseed oils prices up on local buyingE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

A constitutional improprietyUpdated: October 30, 2014 01:27 IST
A constitutional impropriety
Tweet
The Hindu SENSATIONAL: Though the CAG kept explaining the rationale behind each of the three figures for the national loss from 2G allocations, the figure 1.76 lakh crore became a real one in the minds of the public. Picture shows Vinod Rai, former Comptroller and Auditor General of India who was behind the 2G audit reports. Photo: V.V. Krishnan
TOPICS
justice and rights
The Public Accounts Committee chairman’s recent remark that the CAG must not report notional losses goes against the Constitution that allows the CAG to decide the audit’s scope
At a Conference of Accountants-General, K.V. Thomas, Chairman of the Public Accounts Committee, is reported to have observed that the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) should report on financial improprieties, but should not talk about notional losses or report large figures and sensationalise the report.
There has always been a close relationship between the PAC and the CAG. The PAC is an august Parliamentary body that enforces the accountability of the executive, and the CAG as the constitutional instrument of accountability has repeatedly been referred to as the friend, philosopher and guide of the PAC. One is therefore somewhat surprised at the admonition that the Chairman, PAC, has chosen to address to the CAG.
Constitutional responsibility
In the observation made by Mr. Thomas, assuming that the report is correct, there is a constitutional impropriety. This lies in telling the CAG what to do and what not to do in the discharge of his constitutional responsibility. The Constitution lays down his functions in very general terms, to be spelt out by an Act of Parliament, and Parliament has done so — again, in rather broad terms — in the CAG (Duties, Powers and Conditions of Service) Act 1971. Within that broad framework, it is for the CAG, as a constitutional authority, to determine the scope of his audit.
“The cancellations of licences and allocations of 2G spectrum and coal blocks by the Supreme Court vindicates the CAG’s audit reports”
The PAC proceeds on the basis of the report of the CAG; it cannot say how the report should be written or what its contents should be. It may ignore some reports of the CAG, treat certain objections as relatively less important, fail to discuss certain reports, or even disagree with some of the observations in the Reports; but its point of departure is the Report produced by the CAG.
Secondly, it is fallacious to regard the idea of ‘notional loss’ as an impermissible extension of the audit function; there is also a fallacy in the very term ‘notional’. Consider the following cases: a decision based on wrong or inadequate premises or facts or numbers; a decision arrived at by following a patently wrong route; or a decision based on a choice of one of several possible routes. In all these cases the decision can have financial consequences which may be different from those that would have arisen if different premises or facts or numbers had been the starting point, or if a different route or method had been followed. It is not only legitimate but obligatory for the CAG to indicate those financial consequences. There is nothing ‘notional’ or ‘presumptive’ here. In so far as choice ‘A’ and choice ‘B’ are bound to have distinct outcomes, the CAG has a constitutional duty to point this out.
The problem here is of two kinds. Firstly, the quantification of the different outcome (forgone revenue or extra cost incurred or an unintended benefit, i.e., state patronage or largesse, conferred on particular parties) is extremely difficult and fraught with uncertainty; and secondly, the choice that the government in fact made in a certain case might have been a deliberate one on certain grounds, in which case, the CAG cannot say that the government could have made a different choice.
Where the quantification is problematic and might involve different assumptions, the right course for the CAG would be to make calculations on different assumptions and by different methods and give different numbers with the caution that none of them is definitive. That does not mean that there has been no financial consequence; it only means that a precise number cannot be put on it. This is what the audit report on 2G spectrum allocations said.
If the government chose a certain path deliberately for policy reasons, one would expect contemporaneous evidence to that effect: a note or other document setting forth the alternatives and their implications and a governmental decision deciding on one alternative for stated reasons. If there were any such documentation, it would not be for the CAG to question the decision. In the absence of any such documentation, the presumption is that the Government was unaware of the implications of their decision. If so, the CAG must, in terms of his constitutional responsibilities, point this out.
Charge of ‘sensationalisation’
Thirdly, there is the charge of ‘sensationalisation’. The audit reports do not sensationalise anything; the media do. The figure of 1.76 lakh crore in the 2G report was not put forward as a definitive figure; it was one of three different figures calculated in three different ways, and it was not privileged over the other figures.
The three different routes through which the quantification was attempted are as follows: by comparing the actual revenue received by the government with the revenue that might have been received by inference from such relevant data as were available, i.e., 3G prices; the high prices at which a few of the allottees resold a part of their equity soon after the grant of licences; and a higher offer which was received by the government but was not accepted for certain reasons. The three routes gave a wide range of values from Rs.57,666 crore to Rs. 1.76 lakh crore, but it was clear that in all three cases a large loss of potential revenue was indicated.
Rationale of the numbers
However, the figure was large and the media pounced on it. The CAG kept explaining the rationale of the numbers but the figure of 1.76 lakh crore captured the public imagination and became a real figure in the minds of the public. Does it follow that the CAG should have avoided that figure, when he was clearly stating his three different calculations? Is it fair to accuse him of deliberately sensationalising the case?
Let us suppose that he had refrained from mentioning that large figure; he would also have had to refrain from mentioning the other two numbers. The report would then have talked about the financial implications of the route followed by the Government but without any numbers. What impact would such a report without any numbers have had?
Think of all the consequences that the CAG’s Reports on 2G and coalmine allocations have had, and the final denouement of cancellations of large numbers of licences and allocations by the Supreme Court. Does that not vindicate the audit reports and establish that the CAG was indeed drawing attention to major lapses?
Would such a denouement have followed if the CAG’s reports had not made a stir, and would they have made a stir if the figures had not been large? Would it have been adequate for the reports to say blandly that there were procedural lapses in the 2G and coalmine allocations, without any indication of the magnitude of the lapses? How could that indication be given without numbers? All that one can ask for is that the figures be given with due caveats, and the reports do so.
The point made here is not that large figures must be mentioned to secure attention to the report, but that large figures must not be refrained from to avoid the charge of sensationalism.
(Ramaswamy R. Iyer is a former Secretary, Water Resources, Government of India.)

Government eases FDI norms for real estate sector; MSP hikes kept at a 10-year lowGovernment eases FDI norms for real estate sector; MSP hikes kept at a 10-year low
fe Bureau | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 30 2014, 04:13  IST
Oct 30 2014, 04:13  IST
 

Editorial: To Biobutanol!E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Editorial: Larger consequencesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Editorial: NDAs big winter pushE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Columns: Fix the Myanmar rice import tendersE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Black money list: Radha Timblo invokes  political partiesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Black money: I-T probe to be completed by March 2015justice and rights
Following the Supreme Court’s directive on Tuesday, Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi on Wednesday submitted to the court in a sealed envelope, a list of 627 names of persons with foreign accounts along with a status report regarding the investigation conducted against them and .
Mr. Rohatgi told the court said the investigation into the income tax violations would be completed by March 31, 2015. Some people had accepted that they had accounts in foreign banks and paid tax, the A-G added.
He said the Centre was not interested in protecting anyone and would follow the court's orders. Mr. Rohatgi said India is to sign a treaty for automatic exchange of financial account information under which the government will be able to obtain detailed information from financial institutions in their respective countries and also exchange them automatically with other nations on an annual basis.
Mr. Rohatgi said India also has to sign the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act with the U.S. government by December 31, 2014. The law would enable the U.S. government to supply data on Indians in the U.S. and vice versa.
“If India fails to keep the confidentiality clause, the U.S. will back out of such a treaty. Without the treaty, the U.S. will slap a 30 per cent withholding tax on all remittances from the U.S, including exports,” he said.
Earlier Mr. Rohatgi submitted that the first list submitted to the Court contained details of correspondence, treaties and agreements that India had signed with France and other nations where the illegal money was said to be stashed. He said the second list contained all the 627 names and the third gave the status report on the probe in these cases.
Mr. Rohatgi said more than half the people in the list of 627 were Indian nationals while the rest were NRIs. He said most of them had accounts with the HSBC Bank, Geneva.
The A-G said the details of account holders with entries up to 2006 were supplied by the French government to the Centre in 2011. The data was stolen from the HSBC Bank in Geneva, which later reached France from where the government got the information, he said.
When the CJI asked the A-G if the government was pressing for modification of the court's orders, Mr. Rohatgi replied in the negative but said the government should be allowed to approach the SIT in this regard.
The Bench asked the SIT to submit a status report on the probe it conducted by November 30 and posted the matter for further hearing on December 3.
 

Maruti Suzuki Q2 Net up 28.69% at Rs 862.54 croreNew Delhi, October 30, 2014
Updated: October 31, 2014 01:03 IST
Maruti Suzuki Q2 Net up 28.7% at Rs 862.54 crore
Staff Reporter
automobile
Country’s largest car maker Maruti Suzuki India on Thursday posted a growth of 28.7 per cent in net profits to Rs 862.5 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2014. The profits were driven by growth in domestic sales and cost reduction initiative, which helped mitigate rise in raw material costs.
The company had reported net profit of Rs 670.2 crore in July-September quarter last fiscal.
The Board of the company today recommended an increase in the FII limit to 40 per cent from 24 per cent, subject to shareholder approval and RBI nod. Additionally, the board approved adopting a guideline for dividend payout ratio within the range of 18-30 per cent.
Post the announcements, the company scrip ended higher by 1.14 per cent on the BSE at Rs 3,242.15.
During the quarter under review, net sales rose 17.47 per cent to Rs 11,996.3 crore from Rs 10,211.8 crore in the year-ago period. Maruti Suzuki India sold 3,21,898 vehicles in July-September 2014, up 16.8 per cent.
Talking to reporters about the industry, the company's Chairman R C Bhargava said, “The situation is not as bright as many had hoped for. Maruti has had a better growth in the first half of the year but industry as a whole is not doing good. Without us, the industry growth will be in the negative territory.”
Maruti Suzuki India's net profit during the first half of the 2014-15 fiscal stood at Rs 1,624.8 crore, up 24.8 per cent, while net sales grew 14 per cent to Rs 23,069.8 crore. During the six month period ended September 30, 2014, the car maker sold 6,21,792 vehicles, an increase of 14.7 per cent.
On guideline for dividend, he said a policy by the current Board cannot be binding on future Board. “The actual dividend for each year would be decided by the Board taking into account the availability of cash, the profit level that year and the requirements of capital investments,” he added.
On increasing the FII limits, he said a lot of domestic and foreign investors had told the company that the 24 per cent cap was “an unnatural restriction to buy and sell the company's shares freely and if the limit is increased minority shareholders can also benefit as trading in shares will increase.”
When Maruti Suzuki India was listed in 2003, FII shareholding was limited to 24 per cent as per the Foreign Exchange Management Regulations, 2000 and FDI policy. This limit was reached about a year and a half ago, the company said.
The company is, however, yet to decide on a final date for the minority shareholders' voting to let parent Suzuki Motor Corp own and invest in the Gujarat plant, which has been slated to be commissioned in May-June 2017.

Allahabad Bank Q2 Net falls 49% to Rs 141 croreNew Delhi, October 30, 2014
Updated: October 30, 2014 20:33 IST
Allahabad Bank Q2 Net falls 49% to Rs 141 crore
PTI
State-owned Allahabad Bank on Thursday reported 49 per cent decline in net profit at Rs 141.44 crore for the second quarter ended September on higher tax outgo and fall in other income.
The bank’s net profit in the corresponding quarter of 2013-14 stood at Rs 275.81 crore.
“Total income has increased from Rs 5,303.06 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2013 to Rs 5,416.63 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2014,” the bank said in a filing to the BSE.
The lender’s tax expenses rose to Rs 285.29 crore in the second quarter of FY15, against Rs 135.54 crore a year ago.
Other income fell to Rs 515.55 crore during the quarter, from Rs 695.99 crore.
Besides, Allahabad Bank trimmed its provisions towards bad loans during the quarter to Rs 729.95 crore, from Rs 742.19 crore a year ago.
On the asset quality side, the gross non-performing assets (NPAs) or bad loans of the bank increased to 5.36 per cent of the total advances in Q2-FY15, while it stood at 4.94 per cent in the same quarter of previous fiscal.
Net NPAs, however, were brought down to 3.54 per cent during the quarter under review, from 3.83 per cent a year ago.
Allahabad Bank shares were trading 4.85 per cent up at Rs 111.70 per scrip during afternoon session on the BSE.

Shashi Tharoor slams Modi govt for  ignoring  Indira Gandhi  martyrdomE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Narendra Modi govt s National Health Assurance Mission roll out to cost Rs 1.6L cr'Narendra Modi govt's National Health Assurance Mission roll out to cost Rs 1.6L cr'
Reuters | New Delhi | Published:  Oct 30 2014, 16:35  IST
Oct 30 2014, 16:35  IST
 

Airtel Q2 Net shoots up nearly three-fold to Rs 1 383 crbusiness (general)
Bharti Airtel, country’s largest mobile operator, on Thursday reported nearly three-fold jump in consolidated net profit to Rs 1,383 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2014 on the back of higher mobile data revenue.
The company had reported a net profit of Rs 512 crore in the corresponding period of last fiscal, it said in a statement.
The company’s total revenue rose 7.1 per cent to Rs 22,845 crore for the reported quarter as compared to Rs 21,324 crore in the corresponding period.
“Consolidated mobile data revenues at Rs 2,540 crore grew by 66.7 per cent year-on-year, contributing more than two-thirds of the incremental revenues,” Airtel said in a statement.
Airtel said for India, mobile data revenue registered a growth of 73.8 per cent y-o-y at Rs 1,805 crore, uplifted by increase in data customer base and higher usage per customer. Mobile data revenues now contribute to 14.5 per cent of mobile India revenues.
“We continue to see strong momentum in mobile data which has grown by 74 per cent in this quarter. Airtel’s pioneering 4G roll-out in 15 cities is now witnessing stronger customer acceptance,” Bharti Airtel MD and CEO (India & South Asia) Gopal Vittal said.
On the regulatory front, he said the recent TRAI recommendations on making more contiguous spectrum available in the upcoming auctions have the potential of transforming the industry.
Africa revenues grew by 6.4 per cent in local currency terms, but the USD appreciation depressed the reported growth to 1.9 per cent Y-o-Y, Airtel said.
Data revenues for Africa stood at USD 115 million with growth of 56.8 per cent and data revenues now contribute to 10.1 per cent of overall Africa revenues.
“Our robust 3G networks have supported the doubling of data volumes Y-o-Y, and we have been gearing up for much more growth. Airtel money transaction values have also crossed USD 1 billion a month,” Bharti Airtel MD and CEO (Africa) Christian de Faria said.
The net debt of the company increased to Rs 62,215.8 crore due to an addition of Rs 6,445 crore of deferred payment liabilities for the 2G spectrum.

Cipla asks govt to revoke Novartis patent; launches its drugNew Delhi, October 30, 2014
Updated: October 30, 2014 20:42 IST
Cipla asks govt to revoke Novartis’ patent; launches its drug
PTI
patent, copyright and trademark
Taking the patent battle to Novartis, India’s Cipla has launched low-cost generic version of the Swiss drug maker’s respiratory drug Indacaterol sold under the Onbrez brand, while asking the government to revoke patents over the medicine.
Cipla, which has launched its own version under the Unibrez brand, has asked DIPP to revoke five patents of Novartis relating to the product citing need for public health access and stated the patent holder Novartis does not manufacture the drug in India.
“We believe that Cipla has potential to manufacture adequate quantities of the drug and make the same available in the country,” Cipla said in a statement.
Cipla has launched the product under the brand name Unibrez in Delhi, Cipla said adding: “Novartis’ product is over 400 per cent more expensive than Cipla’s product.”
The company has kept the price of its generic version at Rs 130 per strip of 10 tablets.
Stating that it has filed a representation with the DIPP seeking revocation of five patents of Novartis relating to Indacaterol, Cipla said: “Our decision is specific to the situation of this product regarding the strength of the patent and the public health access need.”
Elaborating the reasons for approaching the Department of Industrial Policy & Promotion (DIPP) to revoke the patents, Cipla said: “Novartis has been granted these patents since 2008-09 but has chosen not to manufacture the same in India.
Novartis merely imports a negligible quantity of these products manufactured in Switzerland as per its own data filed before the Patent office.” Cipla said.
The import for the year 2013 as declared by Novartis in the Patent office is a meagre 53,844 units which do not satisfy even 4,500 patients annually. The shortage is more than 99.97 per cent, it added.
When contacted, a Novartis spokesperson said: “Novartis has not received any notice from regulatory or other authorities about this issue.”
Cipla claimed there are more than 1.5 crore patients in India who need the drug. These are the declared number of patients and it could be even more considering the high prevalence of the chronic obstructive pulmonary disease in urban and rural areas.
Last year in April, Novartis lost a seven-year long legal battle for getting its blood cancer drug Glivec patented in India and to restrain Indian companies from manufacturing generic drugs, with the Supreme Court rejecting the multinational company’s plea.

Andhra Bank Q2 Net up over 2-fold; plans Rs 500 cr bond issuebanking
Public sector lender Andhra Bank on Thursday said its net profit for the quarter ended September 30 rose by over two-fold on year-on-year basis to Rs 114.5 crore on account of higher interest income.
It reported Rs 70.7 crore net profit for the same quarter during the last fiscal, bank’s chairman and managing director C.V.R. Rajendran said.
Total Income has increased to Rs 4,423.6 crore for the quarter under discussion against Rs 3,817.5 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2013, he said.
“Considering the constraints we had at macro level, this is a better quarter. Problems in infrastructure, power and steel sector are yet to be sorted out fully. However, we see some improvement in the coming quarters,” Mr. Rajendran told reporters at a press conference.
He said the bank aims to clock Rs 900 crore net profit for the whole year and is confident of achieving that.
On farm loan waiver schemes in Telangana and Andhra Pradesh governments, he said the bank started renewing loans in Telangana while it is yet to start in the neighbouring state. He, however, said the AP government had sought total details in order to pluck duplicate loans.
“All the banks are in the process of submitting the details. Over 90 per cent of the details have been submitted. The rest will be done soon,” he said.
Mr. Rajendran said the bank’s exposure to Visakhapatnam will be around Rs 5,000 crore and the recent cyclone Hudhud may force some loan-rescheduling there.
Replying to a query, he said the capital requirement for the current financial year is projected at Rs 800 crore and the bank has requested the government to provide the same.
“In the meantime we are planning to raise tier-I bonds. There is a plan to raise Rs 500 crore plus Rs 500 crore Tier-I bonds (Rs 500 crore under Greenshoe option). If that goes well there will not be any need for capital infusion. We may be able to manage even without government’s capital infusion,” he said, adding that the bonds may be launched in December.
He said as per indications, the government may allocate about Rs 200 crore to Rs 300 crore from the Rs 11,600 crore provided in the budget earlier.
The gross non-performing assets (NPAs) or bad loans of the banks were up at 5.99 per cent of the total advances during the quarter under review, from 5.15 per cent year earlier.
Net NPAs stood at 3.86 per cent in the second quarter of current fiscal, up from 3.54 per cent in the same quarter year ago.

Coca-Cola to buy 29% stake in Indonesian unitAP Cans of Coca-Cola at a street vendor's stand in Mexico City. File photo.
TOPICS
stock activity
Coca-Cola Amatil shares rise 5%
Coca-Cola Co will help out Australian affiliate Coca-Cola Amatil Ltd. by taking a minority stake in a struggling Indonesian unit for $500 million.
Coca-Cola Amatil's Sydney-listed shares rose 5 percent after its United States backer agreed to take the 29.4 percent holding which effectively values the Indonesian business at $1.7 billion.
While sales volumes have jumped in South-East Asia's largest economy, the unit's first-half earnings before interest and tax plunged 83 per cent to A$5.2 million on rising costs and unfavourable currency rates.
Coca-Cola Amatil has also been under increasing pressure to improve earnings across the board after annual net profit slumped more than 80 per cent and warning that it expects another profit decline in the current financial year.
Under new Chief Executive Alison Watkins, Coca-Cola Amatil - which is itself 29 per cent owned by the U.S. Coca-Cola Co - has been undertaking a strategic review to address changing tastes of its core Australian market.
It is launching a smaller, cheaper Coke can and promising more sugar-free products which are due to hit the market in April.
The U.S. cash injection will also enable the Indonesian business to broaden its product offering and overhaul its logistics operations to grow its customer base.
"We are confident that the combination of revenue and cost initiatives we have underway will restore the business to growth," Ms. Watkins said in a statement, adding that the pace of recovery will depend on its Australian initiatives succeeding and Indonesian economic factors.
Coca-Cola Amatil shares climbed to A$9.11 in early trade while the benchmark S&P/ASX 200 index rose 0.3 per cent.

Income Tax dept should not lose sight of domestic black money: Arun JaitleyE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

BJP govt in Maharashtra to be sworn in Friday  Shiv Sena set to boycottE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Government unveils austerity driveeconomy, business and finance
The Finance Ministry on Thursday ordered a mandatory 10 per cent cut in the Centre’s non-Plan expenditure for 2014-15.
The cut does not cover interest payment, repayment of debt, defence capital, salaries, pension or Finance Commission grants to States, says a circular.
Subsidies will face the brunt of the cuts.
The UPA government too had in place austerity measures. For 2013-14, former Finance Minister P. Chidambaram rolled out cuts of 15 per cent on average across both Plan and non-Plan expenditures. Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has spared Plan expenditure from his 10 per cent spending cut.
A Finance Ministry release said the objective of the fiscal prudence and economy measures was the need to rationalise expenditure and optimise available resources. The Ministry revived its standard measures, including curbs on conferences abroad or in five-star hotels, purchase of vehicles and staff cars, travel curbs on flying first class and ban on new posts.

Andhra Bank profit doubles to Rs 144 crE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Indian Overseas Bank in red  net loss at Rs 245 croreE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Allahabad Bank net falls 49% to R141.4 crE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

At R482.5 cr  YES Bank profit up 30%E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

IDFC net down 5.6% at Rs 470 crE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

The Hudhud lessons: Ensuring a healthy insurance bizE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

FTC Fines Dating Site For Making Fake Loversftc fines dating site for making fake lovers
GoPro reports earnings beatgopro reports earnings beat
Barney Frank: Cook s  powerful blow against prejudicebarney frank: cook s  powerful blow against prejudice
Stand and Deliver: UPS Sees Big Holiday Seasonstand and deliver: ups sees big holiday season
Best Outlet Stores Consumer Reports Ranks ThemEmail
Outlet stores promise big price breaks over traditional retail stores. But are the savings worth the schlep?
Outlets have for years been places where stores offload “seconds,” unsold merchandise, manufacturing errors, factory discards and refurbished items. Landlords often require a certain percentage of goods be sold at discount compared with retail prices. Deal-hungry consumers are estimated to be spending $42 billion this year at outlet stores, up from $24.3 billion in 2012. 
But as manufacturing of goods, which are made mainly overseas, has shifted so discards never get shipped over to the U.S., the outlet game has changed. Many manufacturers will make items specifically for their outlet stores, designed with fewer finishes or less expensive material than their retail offerings. You usually don’t know what you’re in for, however, until you show up the outlet store and start handling the merchandise. By then you’ve already trekked to the outskirts of town or a few towns over and you’re not going to go home empty-handed.
Eric Risberg / Associated Press
In this photo taken on June 11, 2009, a group of people make their way toward stores at the Napa Premium Outlets in Napa, Calif.
Consumer Reports sent secret shoppers around the country to test various outlet stores and see who came out tops. Armed with an eye for value, the agents ranked the stores they visited based on price, product availability and quality, customer service and overall satisfaction.
Among the best: 

Yes  they ought to restrain her  -- Michael Leavittyes  they ought to restrain her  -- michael leavitt
Austerity drive  spending cuts risk fickle growth: NomuraE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Godown: HC tells UT adviser to find out whys andwhereforesIllustration: Pradeep Yadav
By: Express News Service | Chandigarh | Posted: October 31, 2014 4:18 am
The Punjab and Haryana High Court on Thursday directed the adviser to the Chandigarh Administrator to find out the lapses and the officers involved in not reporting for over 10 years the status of a godown site after it was resumed by the Estate Office in 1993.
After the resumption of the site at the Sector 26 Grain Market, no action was taken to vacate it and take possession. The fact of resumption came to light only when the heir to the owner applied for its transfer in his name.
A division bench of Justices Hemant Gupta and Jaishree Thakur, which heard the matter, also asked the administration to clarify the orders of reversion of five officials to one step lower post for dereliction of duty in the matter. It wanted to know for what period they had been reverted.
In 2007, Pawittar Singh Walia, petitioner and legal heir of the property, approached the Estate Office seeking transfer of the property in his name. During the process, the Estate Office came to know that the property had been resumed in 1993, but remained in the possession of the allottee.
When the property was not transferred in his name, Walia moved the court.
The Estate Office ordered an inquiry by Land Acquisition Collector Tilak Raj, which indicted five officials for not submitting a report about the occupancy status of the property in order to initiate eviction proceedings.
After this, Estate Officer Mohammad Shayin initiated disciplinary action against the employees.
Parveen Mittal, SI (Enforcement), was ordered to serve as a junior assistant; Anil Kaushik, senior assistant, as a junior assistant; Narender Verma, a junior assistant, as clerk; Hukam from daftri to peon, and Sandeep Sharma from junior assistant to steno typist.
When the matter came up in the court on Thursday, the Estate Officer reported the action taken against these officials. After the hearing, the case was adjourned for May 9, 2015.

Ban on diesel autorickshaws: UT relents  extends deadline to April1During the strike at Chandigarh-Zirakpur entry point on Thursday. (Source: Express photo by Sumit Malhotra)
By: Express News Service | Chandigarh | Posted: October 31, 2014 4:13 am | Updated: October 31, 2014 4:16 am
In a climbdown on its decision to ban diesel autorickshaws from November 1, the Chandigarh Administration on Thursday decided to extend the deadline to April 1 next year in order to give time for conversion of these vehicles to LPG.
In the meantime, restrictions on the operation of diesel autorickshaws will be imposed and gradually stepped up.
The decision came after the day-long strike of diesel autorickshaw drivers in the Tricity.
An official statement said that Bharat Stage II diesel autorickshaws, registered in Panchkula and Mohali, will be allowed to ply in Chandigarh till December 31, with restrictions over the weekend.
Diesel autorickshaws with odd registration numbers will be allowed to operate on Saturday while those with even registration numbers will be permitted on Sunday.
With effect from January 1, 2015, diesel autorickshaws with odd registration numbers will be permitted on odd dates, and those with even registration numbers on even dates. This arrangement will continue up to March 31.
From April 1, only LPG autorickshaws will be allowed to ply in the city.
Arrangements will be made to allow LPG autorickshaws registered in Chandigarh to operate in the Tricity under the inter-state agreement between the transport authorities of Chandigarh, Punjab and Haryana.
Also, finance for purchasing LPG autorickshaws at 11 per cent interest will be arranged from Punjab National Bank after November 1. A subsidy of Rs 15,000 to Rs 20,000 will be credited to the loan account of the owner one year after the registration of the vehicle.
The administration has asked the traffic police and the State Transport Authority to enforce the safety norms and deal with violations in accordance with the Motor Vehicles Act.
The environmental authorities have been asked to assess the impact of the decision over the next two months and submit a report to the Transport Department in January.
Commuters harassed as auto drivers go on strike
Commuters had to face harassment as the Chandigarh, Mohali and Panchkula Auto-Rickshaw Joint Action Committee went on strike in protest against the UT Transport Department’s decision to ban the entry of diesel autos in the city from November 1.
Later in the evening, the administration deferred the proposed ban to April 1 next year.
Defending their action, Joint Action Committee chairman Kamal Kant Dwivedi said that the UT Administration was depriving the autorickshaw drivers of their livelihood.
The Tricity has about 10,000 diesel autorickshaws, most of which come from Mohali and Panchkula. In addition, there are 2,700 LPG autorickshaws. The administration wants diesel autorickshaws to switch to a cleaner fuel like LPG in compliance with a Supreme Court order.
But autorickshaw drivers said the conversion kits were expensive. Besides, there were other polluting vehicles, like CTU buses, but the administration was targeting them.
The strike had the maximum impact in Mohali and Panchkula. In Chandigarh, there was some effect in southern sectors, but continued…

On parole  Surat murder accused killed inattackPrint
By: Express News Service | Surat | Posted: October 31, 2014 4:03 am
A murder accused (32), who was out on parole, was attacked by a group of three people who inflicted 20 deep wounds with sharp weapons resulting in his death on the spot, police said.
Amit Wadher, a resident of Saiyedpura, came out from jail on October 9, on parole to celebrate Diwali festival. Amit’s parole period is till October 31.
On Wednesday late evening, Amit left his house with his nephew Dhaval (3), for some work, on his bike. On the way, at Saiyedpura Vav street, three youths identified as Bunty Rathod, Ishwar Parmar and Gaurav, all residents of Saiyedpura, intercepted him near Shraddha Pratik apartment.
Before Amit could realise, all the three youths repeated stabbed him severely and escaped from the spot.
Amit was immediately rushed to Lokhat hospital where he was declared brought dead on the spot. Amit’s father Yuvraj lodged a complaint of murder with Chowk Bazaar police against four persons, including Anita Pastagia, a woman.
In the complaint Yuvraj had alleged that his son Amit had killed Raju Pastagia, in an eve teasing matter, in 2009 and since then he was in jail. He further mentioned that Raju’s sister Anita might have hatched the murder plan with the help of the trio who had killed Amit.
Chowk Bazaar police inspector M N Chawda said, “We have launched a manhunt to trace all accused. There were around 20 deep wounds on the body of deceased.”

Next phase in Indian history belongs toBJPAmit Shah at a Gujarati New Year meet in Ahmedabad on Wednesday evening. (Source: Express photo)
By: Express News Service | Ahmedabad | Posted: October 31, 2014 4:00 am
The next phase in the history of India belonged to the BJP and its ideology, said the party’s national president Amit Shah while  addressing party workers in Ahmedabad on Wednesday evening. Shah added that the party’s next membership drive, which will begin  on November 1, will  focus on expanding the party’s base in eastern-southern belt, from Kerala to West Bengal. He was addressing party workers at a Gujarati New Year meeting in Naranpura, his Assembly constituency.
“From ignorance and boycott to acceptance, so far the BJP ideology has seen three phases. In the next phase, it will now be respected,” Shah said.
As party president, Shah, Gujarat’s former MoS home who is buoyant by the BJP’s impressive performance in Maharashtra-Haryana elections under his leadership, will be leading the first membership drive for his party. Referring to Prime Minister Narendra Modi, he said, “He has risen from a Prime Minister, a senior leader of the BJP, to a leader of this century, as a ‘jannayak’  and ‘asset ‘ for the BJP”.
He said that the BJP will now focus on eight states of eastern and southern belt, from Kerala to West Bengal. “In these states, the membership drive will focus on strengthening booth-level units,” Shah said.
In the western, central and northern states, where the BJP has significant presence, Shah said the drive will focus on including well-established people from all walks of life to strengthen the party.
Hailing the contribution of party’s strong organisation in Gujarat, from its foundation in 1950 to forming the government at the Centre in 2014, Shah said the membership drive will follow various modes, including social media, Internet and mobile technology, to reach out to various sections of the society.

US: A prisoner  whose confession freed a death row inmate  walks out ofjailAlstory Simon shows his emotion as he speaks to reporters while leaving the Jacksonville Correction Center as a free man.
By: Associated Press | Chicago | Posted: October 31, 2014 3:52 am
A prisoner whose confession helped free a death row inmate in a case that was instrumental in the campaign to end capital punishment in the state of Illinois was released Thursday after he recanted. A prosecutor said there was powerful evidence that the other man was responsible.
Alstory Simon left the Jacksonville Correctional Center Thursday afternoon. His confession in the high-profile case had gained international attention, in large part because of an investigation of a team of journalism students from Northwestern University that helped secure the 1999 release of Anthony Porter.
Porter had spent 16 years on death row and his supporters maintained he was wrongfully convicted.
Simon was convicted and sentenced to 37 years in prison. But the Cook County State’s Attorney’s Office began re-examining Simon’s conviction last year after he recanted his confession. Simon alleged he was coerced into making it by a private investigator, working with the journalism students, who he says promised him he would get an early release and a share of the profits from book and movie deals.
“In the best interest of justice, we could reach no other conclusion but that the investigation of this case has been so deeply corroded and corrupted that we can no longer maintain the legitimacy of this conviction,” Cook County State’s Attorney Anita Alvarez said at a news conference.
The Porter case played a key part in the drive to end the death penalty in Illinois. The case helped lead former Governor George Ryan to halt all executions in Illinois. Ryan declared a moratorium on executions in 2003 and cleared death row by commuting the death sentences of more than 150 inmates to life in prison. Governor Pat Quinn abolished the death penalty in 2011.
Alvarez did not say whether she believed Simon is, in fact, innocent, but she said there were so many problems with the case and what she called a coerced confession and the deaths of a number of key figures in the case make it impossible to determine exactly what happened on the morning of August 15, 1982, when two people were shot to death as they sat in a park on Chicago’s South Side.
She also said there remains powerful evidence that points to Porter, including several witnesses who maintain, as they did at the time of the original investigation, that Porter was the gunman.
“As I stand here today, I can’t definitely tell you it was Porter who did this or Simon who did this,” she said.
She said that because of protections against double jeopardy, there is no legal way to retry Porter.
Alvarez said the “tactics and antics” of the investigator, Paul Ciolino, and former Northwestern journalism professor David Protess could have added up to criminal charges of obstruction continued…

Babus to make reports for new ministers on lines of BJPmanifestoPrint
Written by Nisha Nambiar | Pune | Posted: October 31, 2014 3:50 am
With the new government all set to take charge, the babus have been given standing instructions to be ready with presentations for each minister on the lines of the Bharatiya Janata Party manifesto that highlights development as the key factor. While the oath-taking ceremony is on Friday and the first list of the cabinet is also yet to be announced, the bureaucrats are already gearing up for the ‘Modi style’ of working.
At a meeting convened under the chairmanship of Chief Secretary Swadeen Kshatriya last week, all the department heads of the Mantralaya were directed to prepare presentations keeping in mind the BJP manifesto.
When asked about the new directives, Kshatriya said, “I have instructed all the department heads to prepare presentations of the ongoing schemes, the salient features, as well as the hurdles faced, and the percentage of work that had been implemented for the new ministers who will take charge soon.”
He added that since the BJP government’s main thrust was development, all departments had been asked to study the manifesto and check the status of the projects mentioned in the manifesto, as well mention the funds allocated  and required to speed up the project.
A senior Mantralaya official, who did not wish to be named, said the ministers had to get used to the ‘Modi style of working’. Though not in writing, the bureaucrats have been verbally asked to make presentations of the projects mentioned by the PM for the state and the department heads would have to give complete update on the project, the official said.
The manifesto highlights support for Maratha reservation, quota for the Dhangars, reaching out to the Muslims regarding Wakf board land, as well as initiatives such as Made in Maharashtra to boost the manufacturing sector just like the ‘Make in India’ project. The other projects include developing two special economic zones (SEZ) for the benefit of the cotton textile industry in Marathwada and Vidarbha, as well as farmers assured of a pension scheme.
The BJP had also promised a grand memorial for Maratha warrior Chhatrapati Shivaji in the Arabian Sea and had assured that it would ensure its completion in five years. Officials said the officers would be asked to study the manifesto and give updates regarding the projects and what needed to be done.
With the state already reeling under a huge debt, the officials said the government would have to work out models for various sources of revenue. The BJP had earlier run several campaigns against the DF government pertaining to irrigation scam and the shortage of power, as well as the Adarsh scam.

I want the government to live up to its promises thistimeJanaki Devi, who lost eight members of her family in the anti-Sikh riots, at her home in New Delhi. ( ( Source: Express photo by Praveen Khanna)
Written by Dipankar Ghose | New Delhi | Posted: October 31, 2014 3:48 am
Thirty years ago, Janaki Devi saw her husband and seven others from her family being burnt alive at their home in Trilokpuri. On Thursday, she received some consolation for the loss, with the central government announcing Rs 5 lakh each to the next of kin of those killed in the 1984 riots.
But Janaki Devi and her family have come to be wary of such promises, for announcements like these have come before. And very little was actually delivered.
“Our family used to live together in Trilokpuri, and eight people in all, including my husband, three brothers-in-law, two uncles and a nephew, were killed in the carnage. Since the riots, we have struggled for money, so the compensation is always welcome. I get a meagre salary from my job as a class IV employee at Filmistaan, and I want the government to live up to its promises this time,” Janaki Devi said.
Her brother Minku Singh said the family members are yet to receive all of the compensation due to them over the years. “The government has made many announcements but none of our families got the entire compensation amount. We have only received around Rs three lakh over the years, which does not even come close to the losses we suffered. We have not asked for the extra compensation, but it is a good gesture. But every year, one government or the other does something like this when November comes. We just don’t want to be let down again,” he said.
For the family that now resides in the riot resettlement colony in Tilak Vihar, justice will only be served if the people who attacked their home are identified and prosecuted.
“I do not recognise the people who came in the mob to our house. But it makes my blood boil that they, and the people who masterminded the attacks, are still free. I will exchange all the money that I have received if my husband’s killers are put behind bars,” Janaki Devi said.

Ragging  still an ugly truth of city colleges  rampant but notreportedWritten by Garima Rakesh Mishra , Ardhra Nair | Pune | Posted: October 31, 2014 3:45 am
Between April 17, 2012, and October 29, 2014, the National Anti-Ragging Helpline received 1,389 calls from across the country, including around 30 calls from Pune students. The names of the colleges mentioned on the helpline website includes some prominent institutes of the city — Symbiosis Law School, GH Raisoni Institute of Engineering & Technology, Bharati Vidyapeeth’s Medical College, Vikhe Patil College of Arts, Science and Commerce, National Institute of Virology, Abasaheb Garware College, Sinhgad Institute of Technology, Symbiosis School of Photography, Army Institute of Technology, Cummins College of Engineering for women, MIT College, Armed Forces Medical College and a few colleges affiliated to Savitribai Phule Pune University.
“The figures clearly state that students are being ragged but the cases are not registered by colleges,” said Dr Kushal Banerjee of the anti-ragging NGO No2Ragging.
The answers received to the Right To Information (RTI) applications filed by The Indian Express with four city-based institutes stated that there were either no or negligible ragging cases reported at their respective institutes after  the anti-ragging committees were formed.
At the College of Engineering Pune (CoEP), where the anti-ragging committee was formed in 2009, only one case has been reported so far. In 2011, seven students were accused of harassing a first-year student by locking him up in a hostel room. After a thorough investigation, the college had cancelled their current and next term hostel admission and had also withheld their hostel fee. CoEP has anti-ragging committees at two levels — institute and hostel. Anil D Sahasrabudhe, Director of COEP, said, “We have all the required committees and squads to deal with cases of ragging. Whenever inquiries are conducted, we make the general secretary, who is a student, a part of the committee. We do not take first-year students because they do not know much about the college. But whenever cases come up, we also ask one junior student to be a part of the group.”
In reply to the RTI filed at B J Medical College (BJMC), authorities said an anti-ragging committee was formed every year at the time of admission. “The last one was formed in February, 2014. The number of cases registered so far (from the time the anti-ragging committee was formed till date) were nil,” they said. Interestingly, while the RTI reply claims that no ragging case was recorded, UGC’s anti-ragging helpline has a detailed report about a complaint given by a nursing student of BJMC in February, 2013. The details mentioned in the call logs on the helpline website stated, “Victim said  college authorities were torturing him and they threatened that they would rusticate him.”
Another log (March 14, 2013) said, “The victim asked us to forward the complaint to the monitoring agency as continued…

Centre relaxes FDI rules in construction sectorNEW DELHI, October 30, 2014
Updated: October 30, 2014 01:48 IST
Centre relaxes FDI rules in construction sector
Yuthika Bhargava
The Hindu Between April, 2000, and August, 2014, the construction sector, including townships, housing and built-up infrastructure, received FDI worth $23.75 billion or 10 per cent of the total FDI inflows into India during the period.
TOPICS
construction and property
The minimum built-up area requirement has been reduced
Giving a significant push to affordable housing and Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s dream project, smart cities, the NDA government  on Wednesday announced relaxation in foreign direct investment (FDI) rules in the construction sector. The proposal — first made by the UPA government — seeks to reduce the minimum built-up area from 50,000 sq. metres to 20,000 sq. metres. The minimum capital requirement for such projects has also been brought down to $5 million from $10 million.
The relaxations are expected to facilitate the infusion of funds into the debt-burdened sector, thereby, ensuring faster completion of projects.
 The Union Cabinet approved the new limits in a meeting chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday.
In his maiden budget speech on July 10, Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had made an allocation of Rs.7,000 crore for 100 new smart cities in the country before 2020, and promised to further liberalise FDI in the construction sector.
 Although 100 per cent FDI was permitted in townships, housing and built-up infrastructure and construction development back in 2005, on Wednesday the government announced new rules, including on minimum levels of built-up area and capital requirements.
 Between April, 2000, and August, 2014, the construction sector, including townships, housing and built-up infrastructure, received FDI worth $23.75 billion or 10 per cent of the total FDI inflows into India during the period.
 The FDI proposal was moved by the Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP), under the Commerce and Industry Ministry, to attract more foreign investment in construction and real estate sector that has been facing liquidity crunch over last 2-3 years.

Five-member subcommittee visits Mullaperiyar damThe Hindu On Thursday, the water level increased by 1.4 ft from the level the previous day. Photo: Giji K. Raman
Water level in dam touches 135.4 ft on Thursday
With the water level in the Mullaperiyar dam rising to 135.4 ft on Thursday, a five-member subcommittee visited the dam.
Committee member George Daniel (Executive Engineer, Kerala Irrigation Department) told presspersons here that seepage of water through blocks 10, 11, 17, and 18 was continuing. Besides this, water was seeping down from the top of the dam where rainwater had collected. The seepage had decreased to 87.27 litres a minute as compared to 125 litres a minute during the last visit of the subcommittee.
This could be owing to Tamil Nadu carrying out work to fill the seepage before the visit of the three-member apex committee on November 3.
Mediapersons from the two States were not allowed to visit the dam by Tamil Nadu officials.
Mr. Daniel said the visit was a routine one to inform the two States on the seepage level and other details as directed by the apex committee.
Heavy rain in TN
On Thursday, the water level increased by 1.4 ft from the level the previous day. Heavy rain in Tamil Nadu contributed to full capacity level of the dams in the downstream, which resulting in poor intake from the Mullaperiyar dam.
Tamil Nadu on Thursday was drawing water at a rate of 457 cubic feet per second, where as the inflow into the dam was 2,957 cubic feet per second. The total reservoir level was 5,942 million cubic feet.
During the southwest monsoon, the water level rose to 133 ft and Tamil Nadu had increased water intake, resulting in a minor decrease in the level. Last year, the water had almost reached full capacity level (136 ft before the Supreme Court raised it to 142 ft). To regulate the water level, Tamil Nadu had increased the water intake as the water in the Idukki reservoir in the downstream of the Periyar had almost reached full capacity level.

Is Govts reforms push paying off Stocks jump as more funds flowYou are here: Home > Collections > Rupee
Stocks jump as FIIs pump in more funds boosting share prices
ET Bureau Oct 31, 2014, 09.16AM IST
Tags:
endorsements
(Dalal Street participants…)
MUMBAI: Short sellers, in an attempt to wriggle out of a bear trap, ended pushing up India's main stock indices to record highs on Thursday. Traders, who bet that the Nifty would end weak on Thursday — when the October futures and options expired — were caught unawares after a gush of fresh FII inflows boosted share prices.
Dalal Street participants expected the market to weaken despite the Fed's assurance to keep near-zero rates for a 'considerable time' because of its optimistic comments on the jobs market.
The rupee fell against the dollar following Fed's comments. Usually, when the rupee weakens, the stock market also follows suit. But on Thursday, the correlation broke down, with the market running up. "Many short sellers got trapped with their positions as markets surged in afternoon trade after being in oversold territory for past few sessions," said Motilal Oswal, CMD of Motilal Oswal Financial Services .
The BSE Sensex surged 248 points, or 0.92%, to end at 27,346 — the highest closing level. NSE's Nifty rose 78 points, or 0.97%, to close at 8,169 after touching a record high of 8,181.55. Real estate stocks were the top gainers after the government eased foreign direct investment rules for the sector.
Technology stocks too joined the rally on optimism that a weaker rupee would help the sector's earnings. FIIs net bought shares worth Rs 1,257 crore on Thursday, according to provisional BSE data. "The reresumption of FII buying forced traders to cover their short positions in the market today (Thursday)," said Jitendra Panda, managing director & CEO, Peerless Securities.
After selling shares worth Rs7,225 crore for close to a month starting September 23, these investors have turned buyers of late, pumping in close to Rs 3,800 crore in six out of the seven trading sessions. Fund managers and brokers said the government's reforms push may be encouraging foreign institutional investors to buy more of Indian stocks.
"We expect Indian markets to scale higher levels going ahead. We expect the next six months to be packed with a slew of economic reforms by the government, where road, power and mining sectors are likely to get special attention," said A Balasubramanian, chief executive officer at Birla Sun Life Asset Management.
Derivative traders rolled over their bullish bets to November series on expiry of the October contracts. On Thursday, combined turnover on both the exchanges hit record highs of Rs 10.40 lakh crore.
FEATURED ARTICLES

HCL chairman Shiv Nadar buys Rs 115 crore Delhi bungalow for daughter RoshniYou are here: Home > Collections > Hcl
HCL chairman Shiv Nadar buys Rs 115 crore Delhi bungalow for daughter Roshni
Ravi Teja Sharma, ET Bureau Oct 31, 2014, 04.36AM IST
Tags:
bungalow
(This is one of the largest…)
NEW DELHI: In one of the latest bulge-bracket property deals in the national capital, HCL chairman Shiv Nadar has bought a bungalow in the Friends Colony East area of Delhi for Rs 115 crore.
This is one of the largest transactions in recent times in an area of Delhi outside of the coveted Lutyens Bungalow Zone (LBZ), which is home to high-profile politicians and top businessmen where over hundred crore rupee deals are the norm.
In a recent transaction in LBZ, Indiabulls promoter Rajiv Rattan had bought a bungalow for Rs 220 crore on Amrita Shergill Marg. The 1,930-sq yard plot that Nadar has bought is near his current home in the same locality and it is believed that the property has been bought for his daughter Roshni Nadar and son-in-law Shikhar Neelkamal Malhotra. The new property has a small bungalow built on it, but the Nadars are likely to rebuild it into a large mansion over the next few months, said two people aware of the development.
HCL did not respond to an email questionnaire. Arun Dua, the seller of the property, also declined to comment. Property consultancy Cushman & Wakefield, which was advisor to the deal, reserved comments.
The documents of the property, seen by ET, show that the bungalow has been registered in the name of a company SSN Investments (Delhi) Pvt Ltd, which has its registered office at Nadar's residence. The company's directors include Nadar's wife Kiran Nadar, his daughter and son-in-law.
Transactions in this part of the city have been hard to come by in recent times because of the anomaly that has been created by multiple circle rate revisions in Delhi over the past few years. Therecent revision in September has created a situation where market rates are now lower than the government circle rates for the area.
This is because the Delhi government has clubbed Friends Colony and the LBZ in the same category 'A', which, according to the latest revision, has a circle rate of Rs 6.5 lakh per sq yard or Rs 7.74 lakh per sq metre. Luckily, the Nadar's transaction was concluded just before the latest revision at about Rs 5.75 lakh per sq yard.
While the LBZ certainly leads in terms of the sheer size of transactions, some areas around the zone too have seen many high-value deals in recent years. In 2011, industrialist Sandeep Jajodia of Monnet Ispat & Energy had bought a 2,000-sq yard plot in the posh Shanti Niketan area for Rs 170.18 crore for his family's use.
In another transaction in the same area last year, ITC chairman YC Deveshwar bought an 800 sq yard bungalow for Rs 85 crore.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Tata Steel stocks expected to rally this quarterTata Steel stocks' expected to rally between November to January
ET Bureau Oct 31, 2014, 04.08AM IST
Tags:
China
(In each of the past six years,…)
In each of the past six years, since Tata Steel acquired Corus , its stock has rallied at least 20% from its lows in November to January. Analysts said this is on account of increased demand ahead of the Chinese New Year in January end or early February.
The steel demand in the developed economies starts improving from December quarter and post monsoon in India. Although this should benefit all steel companies, Tata Steel has the highest beta and is likely to outperform its peers if the shares of the sector were to rally. The stock has bounced back strongly from its low of Rs 437.8 in the last two weeks to Rs 475, gaining 8%.
FEATURED ARTICLES

I have got nothing to prove to anyone: Rohit SharmaTweet
0
Rohit Sharma on his frustrating road back from injury, staying mentally fit, and the need for young cricketers to be disciplined.
October 2013 to October 2014, there have been so many ups and downs ... How would you sum up the last year?
Yes, you are right. The whole year has not been so great. Not just for me, but also for the Indian team. We did not do that well outside India. But see, as a unit - it's a young unit - I think a little more time is required for the team. I am not talking about any individual. I am talking about the whole team. When you consider the whole team's performance, it's importance to give a little more time, a little more exposure.
I understand whenever we go out and play [badly], people start talking about [our poor record] abroad, how we're going to play. I understand that it's your point of view but it was important for us to go and learn how to play outside India and the kind of mindset you need. It was a good learning experience for all of us. A couple of times we came quite close to winning a Test match. In England, we won a Test match but then lost our way. That's as far as the team is concerned.
Rohit Sharma is ready for the challenges ahead. (Getty Images)
Personally, I wouldn't say it was disappointing, but yes I was a little upset with my performance. I have never put my head down and I will never put my head down. I will always keep learning. That's what I have been doing. I am in good space for my cricket right now. So, the mental aspect of my cricket is very good. It's just that I am coming back after an injury so, I will be a little nervous to see how I bat and how I play. That's all. Nothing else. I have learnt a lot in this one year. We had three tours abroad and we didn't have much cricket in India. It was a good challenging year. I have learnt a lot from these tours and I want to put all that I have learnt into my game whenever I go there next time.
You said you were upset with your performances? Was it due to lack of opportunities or due to your shot selection?
It is not about the shots. Not at all. That's my natural game and I will back myself to play my natural game any day. With those shots even if you get out, I will never mind getting out like that because that's my shot. When I clear the fielder, it is a four or a six and everybody claps. That's not an issue.
Yes, lack of opportunities I mean… yes, everything was to do with team combination [in England]. We wanted to play five bowlers, which meant one batsman had to sit out. And it was only between Ajinkya [Rahane] and me. And AJinkya had batted really well on all the previous tours abroad and he deserved that spot. He batted well in the Test matches as well. I am really happy with the way he batted. For him, I am personally very happy. But yeah, I can't do much about it… I got only one game. I was trying to learn as much as I could, I was practising hard. My focus was only there. But when you don't get the opportunities, you can't do much about it. You can only sit and learn and hope your turn will come soon. I was trying to do all of that. Now I will be looking forward to the Australia tour.
Now that he has replaced you as an opener in ODIs, do you have a healthy rivalry with Rahane?
There is no rivalry between us. It is only from the media from where this is coming. In my absence he is opening. This is not really a big issue. In previous times, when Sachin did not play, someone else had to open in his place, so did you ask the same question to him then? I have been injured and out of the team and someone else has replaced me in that position. I don't know why it is such a huge debate. Nothing is going to happen. It's going to remain the same. My focus right now is about injury and how I should come back. That's the important factor right now.
How did you deal with yet another freak injury?
Mentally it's very frustrating. What can you do... When you play well and get injured for the rest of the series and miss so many games, is quite frustrating. Personally, I won't say I am trapped, but I am very unfortunate that I have got injured at crucial period of my career. I have missed out on a lot of games after getting injured. South Africa Test match in India [in 2010], I got injured on the morning of the match and then I had to wait for four years to make my Test debut. Again in England in 2011, my finger got injured in the first one-dayer and I missed nine one-days thereafter. Now also, it is almost nine ODIs now - three in England, three against West Indies and three against Sri Lanka now. It's very frustrating when you have a season like that and then you miss games due to injuries… You know it's very difficult to come back. But see I am strong enough. I understand my game. I understand me as a person now. I know how to deal with my game and I am keen to come back. Coming back to where I was is very important.
So what have you been up to over the last couple of months?
Not much. I had good rest for a few days. Watched a lot of films. I then started working on my finger, shoulder, the whole body then. Ten days ago, I started batting. I am excited to be back and I will be playing tomorrow. It was important to get back, and for the past few days I wasn't feeling comfortable about my batting. There were a few things happening with my batting and wanted to get that feeling back of how I used to bat before the injury. It is not the same when you come back after an injury. I am more or less very comfortable now after a real long session at Bandra-Kurla Complex [in Bombay] yesterday. When I play tomorrow, I will be able to anlayse it properly.
Have you sought any help to keep yourself mentally fit?
My mental peace is my biggest strength. I have spent a lot of time on my own, with my friends and family, with my close ones. That really helped me calm down and take my mind off cricket and relax for a bit. If you don't do that, all those thoughts will get back into your mind and you will get disturbed. Things will not be the same. So I was trying to keep myself away and get rejuvenated. I know I had to stay calm till I came back onto the field.
During rehabilitation, did you ever feel that you were in danger of missing out on another World Cup?
Yeah. When I got injured, I didn't know how long it's going take. When injuries happen, you don't know how long it is going to take. With the World Cup being so far away I wasn't thinking about the World Cup then. But that thing of missing the World Cup will always be there because I missed the 2011 World Cup and I don't want to miss out on this World Cup anyhow.
This [finger] injury took about two months exactly [to heal]. Doctors had told me it will take four to six weeks. It's not their fault. They tried everything they could but my body's healing process is not that great, so what can I do. Everyone's body type is different. As I said, I am just excited to be back on the field.
It has been a little over seven years since your international debut but you have played just seven Tests. What would you attribute that to?
I don't know. What can I say. As a cricketer I am disappointed. But fortunes haven't gone my way also. I was to make my Test debut in 2010 but got injured and then had to wait till 2013. Injuries have kept me away and a few of disappointing series have also… I am the one to be blamed and no one else. But it's fine. I cannot get frustrated and think too much about my game too much. I understand that I haven't done justice to my potential and abilities. It's okay. I want to stay positive and keep looking forward to every challenge that lies ahead.
Do you think in the next four to five months you have every opportunity to change that perception?
Absolutely. From now till next October, I have many challenges. I will meet you here in October 2015 and I am sure we will have much more to talk about my performance. It has not been great from October 2013 till now, but I have hardly played any games as far Test matches are concerned. I would like to look at the next five months as a challenging and tough phase. I know it's not going to be easy but I hope I can overcome all those challenges.
What is more important over the next five months: to prove that you are a better Test batsman than you are perceived to be or the World Cup?
I have got nothing to prove to anyone. I have to prove it to myself that I am much more capable than what I have done so far. I want to keep proving it to myself. When I look into the mirror and when I talk to myself, I should be able to look into my eyes and talk to myself about my achievements. The next five months, I have to be very focused and my thought process has to be very clear. Once I get into the season, I cannot have too many thoughts in my head so that it doesn't put me into a lot of trouble. I should be very clear in what I have to do. These two months which I got were very helpful to work on and become a good cricketer mentally. I have worked on a few things on the mental aspect and that will hopefully help me not just for the next five months but the next five years.
You have been tagged as a gifted cricketer. How much have you lived up to it in your opinion?
I am very clear that nobody is gifted. I don't know about anyone else, but talking about myself, I wasn't gifted. I was a bowler when I started and had to work my way to become a batsman. If I was gifted, I would have been a batsman straightaway. I have worked hard to become a batsman that I am. Nothing has been gifted naturally to me. I have worked with my coaches at a young age on my batting. That elegance and all is good to see on TV, but when you practise, you need to bring that into your game during practice. Naturally gifted people say all those sort of things, but nothing has been given to me naturally. Everything has come with sheer hardwork.
You spoke about the need to remain focused. Have you learnt to cope with all the distractions young Indian cricketers have to deal with these days?
Yes. Because I know what my goal is. I know where I want to get. To get there I have to be disciplined. If I am not disciplined, I will never be able to get there. Over the years, we learn. You have seen so many cricketers grow over the years. People like Sachin, Dravid, Kumble, Laxman, all these people. They have had their glamorous life, they have had their disciplined life as well. And they have managed their careers very well which is why they became such successful cricketers. So you learn from them. As a youngster when I came into the team, all these guys were my role models. I was fortunate to play with them and play against them sometimes. I got to learn a lot from them. I have to avoid the distractions if I have to reach my goals. It's pretty simple.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Most Popular

Advani: First ever player to bag triple doubleLeeds (Britain), Oct 30 (IANS) Pankaj Advani outplayed England's Robert Hall 1928-893 in the final of the IBSF World Billiards championship (timed format) here Wednesday night to complete a grand double.
The 29-year-old, Bangalore-based Advani had won the title in the points format (150-up) last week.
Advani, who took a stranglehold of the match leading 746-485 at the half-way mark, thus became the first player ever to win titles in both formats thrice, following his double in 2005 and 2008.
Advani capped a phenomenal year that saw him win the World 6-Red championship besides the World Team billiards championship before the double here that took his individual haul of world titles to 10.
Despite the wide margin of victory over Hall, Advani, returning to topflight billiards after a break of two years during which he spent time on the professional snooker circuit, had to work hard as he was only too aware of Englishman's ability for big breaks.
Advani, who made tournament high breaks of 701 and 575 earlier in the competition, opened up a sizeable lead in with a best break of 289 and then made fruitful visits to the table to eventually break Hall's challenge.
Hall, in fact, spent more time off the table and it did affect his rhythm as his best break of the final was a 92 as compared with his highest run in the tournament, 406 besides five double centuries.
Advani said: "I made Grand Double in 2008 in Bangalore, but it is always great to win outside home and I just can't describe my emotions now because it has been crazy here. I have also worked really hard to win some of the major tournaments this year."
The results (final - 5 hours): Pankaj Advani (India) beat Robert Hall (Britain) 1928 (63, 185, 85, 92, 123, 94, 182, 289, 145, 94, 93, 59, 58, 62, 90) - 893 (89, 64, 64, 86, 92, 64).
Recommend

Sensex Ends at Record High  Surges 248 PointsYou are here: Home Market
Sensex Hits Record High on Continued Reform Push; IT Stocks Rally
NDTV | Updated On: October 30, 2014 15:46 (IST)
IVRCL Allots First Tranche of Shares to CDR Lenders
Indian stock markets rallied sharply on Thursday, with Sensex and Nifty setting new life highs. The Sensex rose nearly 300 points to an all-time high of 27,390 while Nifty jumped nearly 90 points to hit a new record high of 8,181.55.
Continued reform push by the government has boosted sentiments, traders say. On Wednesday, the government relaxed rules for foreign direct investment (FDI) in construction development.
The new rules make it easier for foreign companies to invest in India and many projects will now qualify for FDI through automatic route (no FIPB clearance will be required), analysts say.
Shares in realty and construction companies also rallied with DLF advancing 5 per cent. ( Read the full story here )
Lower-than-expected increase in wheat support prices also aided sentiment, analysts say. Lower increase in minimum support prices bodes well for the food price inflation outlook and thus should help lower headline inflation in the coming quarters, Nomura says.
The rally in Indian markets has also been fuelled by a sharp drop in global crude prices, which have hit a four-year low. The fall in Brent crude means significant savings for the Indian economy, which is likely to narrow both the current account deficit and the fiscal deficit.
Thursday's big push came from IT stocks, which rose sharply after the US Federal Reserve overnight expressed optimism about economic recovery. India's IT sector is heavily dependent on the US economy for growth. ( Read more )
The IT sub-index led Thursday's rally, rising 2 per cent as compared to the 1 per cent rise in the broader Sensex. HCL Tech and Tech Mahindra gained 3-4 per cent.
The Fed also ended its stimulus programme, called QE3, but maintained the stance of "low rates for a considerable period of time". Analysts say this is positive for equities and rupee, which have gained substantially from overseas funds.
The Sensex ended nearly 250 points higher at a new closing high of 27,346. Nifty rose 78 points to end at 8,169, just shy of its closing all-time high of 8,173.
Story first published on: October 30, 2014 15:46 (IST)

Bank lockers: Can you entrust them with depo...(According to Section 152…)
By Bindisha Sarang
MUMBAI: Swiss banks may no longer be a safe haven for unaccounted money, but even wealth on which tax has been duly paid is not safe in a bank locker. This was reinforced earlier this week when unidentified men dug a tunnel into the locker room of a Punjab National Bank branch in Sonepat, prised open 89 lockers and decamped with the contents.
According to the Reserve Bank of India guidelines, banks are not responsible for the contents of the lockers. A bank only needs to provide for protection of the lockers.
"The relationship between the bank and the locker customer is that of a lessor and a lessee," said Narayan Raja, CEO, Banking Code and Standard Board of India (BCSBI). "Since the contents of the locker are never shared with the bank, it is not responsible for the contents."
According to Section 152 of the Indian Contract Act, a bank is not responsible for any loss or damage to the contents of a locker.
Even the valuables deposited in lockers are not insured . "A bank does not have the ownership or knowledge of the contents of the locker and hence does not have any insurable interest in the matter," said a spokesperson of Axis Bank.
The law clearly appears loaded against the customer in this case. The customer is not only required to prove that the locker was robbed but also submit evidence of the extent of the loss. In the Sonepat incident, it won't be easy for the customers to provide evidence of the losses they claim even as there is clear evidence that the lockers were indeed robbed.
However, customers can claim some compensation if they can prove that the loss or damage happened due to negligence on part of the bank. "If the negligence by the bank is proved, or a bank employee was involved (in the theft), it becomes a vicarious liability and the bank is liable to pay compensation," said Mumbai-based advocate VT Gokhale.
But the compensation may not cover the full loss. In one case decided by the banking ombudsman, it was established that the locker had been broken into. However, the maximum compensation that the ombudsman could award wasRs 10 lakh although the customer had claimed a loss of Rs 23 lakh.
Consumer courts have also come to the rescue of customers in cases where negligence is proved.
In July 2007, the National Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission ( NCDRC ) awarded compensation to a customer after termites ate into currency notes and important papers kept in the bank locker. It ruled that "the bank was bound to ensure that the respondent's locker remained safe in all respects".
There is not much that a customer can do to avoid such problems. Reading the terms and conditions of the locker agreement before hiring one is always a sensible precaution, though.
Avoid entities that make customers sign a declaration saying that the bank will not be liable for loss of goods in the locker. Similarly, check that the locker is in good physical condition and is not placed in a basement.
Don't take lockers in the lower rows and do make sure that the cash and documents are sealed in an airtight and watertight plastic pouch or bag.
FEATURED ARTICLES

ICICIs provisioning up 36% at Rs 850 crore; healthy CAR & CASA base offer comfortICICI’s provisioning up 36% at Rs 850 crore; healthy CAR & CASA base offer comfort
Suraj Sowkar, ET Bureau Oct 31, 2014, 06.44AM IST
Tags:
ICICI
(A prolonged slowdown has…)
ICICI Bank investors may have to wait a little longer for the valuation of the stock to catch up with its peers. In the past six months, the stock rose 28% while shares of private sector lenders like Axis Bank, Kotak Mahindra Bank and Indusind Bank have grown between 36% and 40%. ICICI Bank's continued rise in stressed assets meant that its decent 15% growth in net profit was of little relevance this quarter.
A prolonged slowdown has resulted in Rs 800 crore worth of restructured accounts slipping into non-performing assets (NPAs) this quarter. As a result, despite sale of Rs 290 crore worth of NPAs to ssset reconstruction companies, its gross NPA increased 6% from the previous quarter. The management, however has guided that fewer new accounts would turn into NPAs this fiscal.
But some restructured accounts may become NPAs if economy fails to pick up. At present, the bank's restructured assets constitute 3.1% of its total assets. In the quarter under review, ICICI Bank's net interest income grew a healthy 15% on the back of 14% growth in loan book and better net interest margin (NIM).
However, net interest income may be lower in the remaining fiscal as low corporate credit demand and drop in base rate may put downward pressure on the NIM. In the September quarter, NIM expanded two basis points to 3.42% this quarter. The private lender continues to benefit from its strong Current account and savings account (CASA) franchise.
CASA now constitutes 43.7% of its total assets as against 43% at the end of previous quarter, one of the highest among its peers. Given the stable and low cost deposit base, its margins are less vulnerable to interest rate volatility. Another matter of comfort is the healthy capital. At the end of September quarter, it had a tier-1 capital adequacy of 12.75%, which allows it to lend without diluting capital for the next couple of years.
However, a rise in stressed assets meant higher provisioning this quarter. Its provisions increased by 36% to Rs 850 crore. At the current market price, the stock is trading at a price-tobook value (P/BV) of 2.3 while Axis Bank and Kotak Mahindra Bank are trading at 2.4 and 3.9, respectively.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Castrol India reports rise in net profit by 12%Castrol India reports rise in net profit by 12% in September quarter
Ramkrishna Kashelkar, ET Bureau Oct 31, 2014, 05.50AM IST
Tags:
building
(Castrol India posted…)
MUMBAI: Castrol India posted a 12% higher net profit for the July-September 2014 quarter at Rs 117.9 crore, helped by 10.9% improvement in sales to Rs 802 crore. Most importantly, defying a seven-quarter long trend in falling volumes, the company posted 2% volume growth for the quarter on a yearon-year basis.
The weakness in global petroleum products and expected improvement in domestic economic activity, will be key drivers ers for its profit growth in future. "Our volumes in the personal mobility space have been consistently growing at 7-8% annually. In the July-September 2014 quarter our sales in this segment were around 17 million litres.
There was some improvement in the industrial volumes as well,"told Ravi Kirpalani, managing director of Castrol India to ET. "The incremental volumes in personal vehicles and industrial segments outpaced the drag faced by the commercial vehicles and building and construction segment,"he added.
The company's specialised products focusing on specific needs of different segments are doing well. For example, it has launched separate product for scooters in the two-wheelers category, and MAGNATEC for 4-wheelers running in congested cities. Similarly, it launched CRB Mini Truck, a product for light commercial vehicles that operate in congested urban areas.
During the July-September drive quarter, the company launched the Castrol Professional range of CO2 neutral engine oils in the passenger car workshops. In the Industrial segment, the company acquired new business with several customers in the Wind Energy sector, thanks to the range of Optigear synthetic oils. Similarly, a new rust preventive — Castrol Mid Flash RP — was launched for the Tube Industry.
Although the global petroleum prices have started going down, the company expects to start benefiting from it towards end 2014 and beyond.
FEATURED ARTICLES

SC suspends defamation proceedings against SwamyNew Delhi, October 30, 2014
Updated: October 30, 2014 12:51 IST
SC suspends defamation proceedings against Swamy
IANS
The Hindu BJP leader Subramanian Swamy speaking to reporters outside the Supreme Court, in New Delhi on Thursday. Photo: V. Sudershan
The Hindu Bharatiya Janata Party leader Subramanian Swamy
TOPICS
politics
The court also issued notice to the central government, the Tamil Nadu government and Ms. Jayalalithaa.
The Supreme Court on Thursday suspended defamation proceedings in five cases initiated by the Tamil Nadu government against BJP leader Subramanian Swamy for making critical observations against former chief minister Jayalalithaa.
An apex court bench headed by Justice Dipak Misra, while suspending defamation proceedings before a Chennai court, also issued notice to the central government, the Tamil Nadu government and Ms. Jayalalithaa. The notices are returnable in six weeks.
Mr. Swamy, who appeared in person, told the court that Section 499 and Section 500 of the Indian Penal Code relating to defamation imposed unreasonable restrictions on the freedom of speech and expression guaranteed under Article 19 (1)(a) of the Constitution.

http://usat.ly/1E5L5r4FacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Mad Bum, the underwear, is already here
Here's what you get when you've the MVP of the World Series: Your own pair of underwear.   Sort of. Jockey has quickly made 2,000 pair of limited edition "Mad Bum" underwear to commemorate the third World
Post to Facebook
Mad Bum, the underwear, is already here Here's what you get when you've the MVP of the World Series: Your own pair of underwear.   Sort of. Jockey has quickly made 2,000 pair of limited edition "Mad Bum" underwear to commemorate the third World Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1tFIpNq
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
4
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Mad Bum, the underwear, is already here
Bruce Horovitz , USA TODAY 11:46 a.m. EDT October 30, 2014
Jockey unveils "Mad Bum" underwear supporting Madison Bumgarner's greatness.
(Photo: Jockey)
1134 CONNECT 69 TWEET 74 LINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Here's what you get when you're the MVP of the World Series, besides a free Chevy truck: your own pair of underwear.
Sort of.
Jockey has quickly made 2,000 pairs of limited-edition "Mad Bum" underwear to commemorate the third World Series championship won by Madison Bumgarner, the San Francisco Giants  pitcher, who tossed one shutout and saved the final win.
"MadBum" is his nickname.
Alas , the unusual underwear — imprinted with the words MAD BUM across the backside — is not for sale. But it will be carefully distributed by Jockey to  Giants fans at the city's parade on Friday celebrating the World Series championship.
"We wanted to provide fans with a fun, eye-catching keepsake in support of Madison's postseason greatness," said Dustin Cohn, CMO of Jockey International, in an e-mail.
The Jockey street team already passed out hundreds of pairs to fans Wednesday night at AT&T Park and the city's public viewing of the game at Civic Center. On Friday, it will be passing out thousands more at the San Francisco parade along the official route on Market Street.
But Bumgarner is hardly the first hero to step into a Jockey promo. Jockey, in an offbeat ad campaign that rolled out in August, is taking the celebrities in skivvies concept to the next level by showing off bona fide American heroes in their briefs. Such as Gen. George Patton. And baseball great Babe Ruth. And, yes, even veteran astronaut and moonwalker Buzz Aldrin.
While Bumgarner hasn't appeared in an actual Jockey ad yet, it's being discussed.
"Madison Bumgarner is one of the all-time postseason greats with a name that's a perfect fit for the Jockey brand.  We're proud he wears Jockey and congratulate him on a third championship," said Cohn.
Online, Jockey is promoting a 30% off men's sport underwear sale for those who use this code: MADBUM.
1134 CONNECT 69 TWEET 74 LINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1tFIpNq
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

 Big Gain in Visa Drives Dow Average HigherYou are here: Home Market
Big Gain in Visa Drives Dow Average Higher
Associated Press | Updated On: October 31, 2014 07:42 (IST)
IVRCL Allots First Tranche of Shares to CDR Lenders
New York:
Solid quarterly results from a range of big companies helped send the stock market slightly higher Thursday. The standout was Visa, whose 10 percent jump helped tug the Dow Jones industrial average up nearly 200 points.
Visa, the world's largest payment-processing company, turned in quarterly earnings late Wednesday that topped Wall Street's forecasts and announced plans to spend as much as $5 billion on buying its own shares. Visa's stock gained $21.99 to $236.65.
For investors, there was plenty of encouraging news. Before the market opened, the government said that the US economy grew at an annual rate of 3.5 per cent in the three months ending in September, powered by more business investment, sales abroad and the biggest jump in military spending in five years.
"It's another report that indicates the economy can stand on its own two feet," said Peter Cardillo, chief market economist at Rockwell Global Capital Management, referring to the government's estimate of economic growth.
The Standard & Poor's 500 index gained 12.35 points, or 0.6 percent, to close at 1,994.65. The Nasdaq composite rose 16.91 points, or 0.4 percent, to 4,566.14.
The Dow Jones industrial average surged 221.11 points, or 1.3 percent, to 17,195.42. Unlike other market measures, the Dow weighs its roster of 30 large corporations by their stock prices rather than by their market size. That means companies with the most expensive stocks, such as Visa and Goldman Sachs, have more power to drive the average up or down.
The world's second-largest card-payment company, MasterCard, said its third-quarter profit surged as Americans appeared less hesitant to use their debit and credit cards. The results beat Wall Street's expectations, propelling MasterCard's stock up $7.14, or 9 percent, to $83.13.
Sam Stovall, chief equity strategist at S&P Capital IQ, saw a number of optimistic signs for the market. Reports that Visa and MasterCard are handling more transactions could mean that Americans will be more likely to open their wallets during the holiday shopping season. What's more, the market is approaching a stretch that nearly always rewards investors.
"We're entering the best six months of the year, November through April," Stovall said. Since World War II, the market has climbed 94 percent of the time, for an average gain of 15 percent.
Rising corporate earnings have helped turn the market higher in recent weeks. More than half of the S&P 500's members have released their third-quarter results, and roughly seven out of 10 have beaten Wall Street's targets, according to S&P Capital IQ. Third-quarter earnings are now on track to increase nearly 7 percent, with health-care companies reporting the largest profit gains.
BorgWarner, a maker of car parts, said a slide in the value of foreign currencies against the dollar will hamper its results this year. The company, which operates in 19 countries, cut its forecast for full-year profits and sales. BorgWarner slumped $2.49, or 4 percent, to $54.37.
In Europe, France's CAC 40 gained 0.7 percent and Germany's DAX edged up 0.4 percent. Britain's FTSE 100 rose 0.1 percent.
Back in the US, the price of the 10-year Treasury note edged up, and its yield, which moves in the opposite direction, slipped to 2.31 percent from 2.32 percent late Wednesday.
Gold lost $26.30 to settle at $1,198.60 an ounce, silver fell 84 cents to $16.42 an ounce and copper fell four cents to $3.06 a pound.
In other commodity trading, the price of oil fell as the dollar strengthened, making oil priced in dollars less attractive to overseas buyers. Benchmark US crude fell $1.08 to close at $81.12 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange. Brent crude, a benchmark for international oils used by many US refineries, fell 88 cents to close at $86.24 on the ICE Futures exchange in London.
Story first published on: October 31, 2014 07:39 (IST)

Asia shares edge up on brightening U.S. prospects  BOJ awaited2
Traders shifted bets on the Federal Reserve's first round of interest-rate increases to July 2015 from September 2015 before the report.
The jobs report caused the yield on U.S. 2-year Treasuries  to rise to its highest since May 2011, according to Reuters data. The yield curve flattened, with the differential between the five-year note and the 30-year bond falling to its lowest level since January 2009.
The benchmark 10-year Treasury note  was off 14/32 and yielding 2.3047 percent.
The dollar rose against a basket of currencies <.DXY> to its highest level since March 2009. The dollar also hit multi-year peaks against the euro  and against the yen . The U.S. dollar index hit a peak of 89.467, up 0.86 percent on the day.
On Wall Street, the Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 58.69 points, or 0.33 percent, to 17,958.79, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 3.45 points, or 0.17 percent, to 2,075.37 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.32 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,780.76.
"Payrolls confirm the strength of the economy, but that strength is reflected in stock prices," said Ronald Sanchez, chief investment officer of Fiduciary Trust Company International in New York
Stock traders balanced the encouraging fundamental strength in the U.S. economy with the prospect of a rate rise.
Financial shares led gains. The S&P financial index <.SPSY> was up 1 percent, with higher interest rates expected to boost earnings in the sector. Utilities, a dividend play, lost ground as Treasuries yields rose. The S&P utility index <.SPLRCU> was down 0.8 percent.
MSCI's global share index <.MIWD00000PUS> was up 0.1 percent, while an index of European shares <.FTEU3> ended up 1.8 percent as a weaker euro boosted exporters.
Gold  dropped more than 1 percent, suffering from the dollar's strength, while Brent  and U.S. crude  continued their slide.
Spot gold  was down 1.2 percent at $1,190.90 an ounce. Brent crude fell 57 cents to settle at $69.07 a barrel, while U.S. crude oil futures dropped 97 cents to settle at $65.84.
(Additional reporting by Michael Connor, Ryan Vlastelica and Dan Bases in New York; Editing by Dan Grebler and Leslie Adler)

Ukraine  Russia  EU likely to agree gas supply deal: OfficialsUkraine  Russia  EU likely to agree gas supply deal: Officials
SAT asks DLF to explain use of money from MFsSAT asks DLF to explain use of money from MFs
Bank lockers: Can you entrust them with depositsBank lockers: Can you entrust them with deposits
Maruti to grow 10% this fiscal amid signs of urban demand recoveryMaruti to grow 10% this fiscal amid signs of urban demand recovery
NRIs investing in India should have dual citizenshipNRIs investing in India should have dual citizenship
PRECIOUS-Gold languishes near $1 200; set for worst week in sevenPRECIOUS-Gold languishes near $1 200; set for worst week in seven
Investments elude industryInvestments elude industry
Viral Now: Cat-callers Of New YorkViral Now: Cat-callers Of New York
Maruti Suzuki Q2 profit up 28.69% at Rs862.54 croreMaruti Suzuki Q2 profit up 28.69% at Rs862.54 crore
Sorry to know the service standards of your broker. any way i do...Hello Sourav.
Here is the rule:
In equity market (cash market), if you don`t have a particular stock, then you may sell it on that day, but you need to buy it back at any cost on the same day, else exchange will search for the shorter and will give a penalty.
This penalty amount is "the entire amount of sock you sold   the price at which you sold-the closing price"
It doesn`t matter if you buy it on the next day, you have to pay the penalty.
Short selling is only advisable in future not in cash
1.47 AM Nov 1st

Bulls congratulations for october 14 but don`t turn us into bulls   on...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Actually irrespective of the sales  they work with a consistent margin...Gold Member
37 Followers
Actually irrespective of the sales, they work with a consistent margin and it is still an undervalued stock compared to its peers and with a expected reserve of 370 crore this year end, whose knows there may be some good news for shareholders soon.I think we should see atleast a 15% upside soon
8.30 AM Oct 31st

Sebi seeks Supreme Court direction to Sahara to reveal offersSebi seeks Supreme Court direction to Subrata Roy's Sahara to reveal offers on hotels sale
Indu Bhan | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 31 2014, 08:27  IST
Oct 31 2014, 08:27  IST
 

Aadhaar an important tool for govt: Srikanth Nadhamuni  CEO  Khosla LabsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Will continue to invest if workers help us stay competitive  says Bosch global chairmanWill continue to invest if workers help us stay competitive, says Bosch global chairman
Roudra Bhattacharya | Bangalore | Published:  Oct 31 2014, 00:58  IST
Oct 31 2014, 00:58  IST
 

Maruti Suzuki net up 29% at Rs 862 croreE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

IMFs call for higher public spending in infra not well-timed: Urjit R PatelE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Dai-Ichi executive takes claim to SEC© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3f5a5b38-5fce-11e4-8c27-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Dai-ichi Life / Protective Life  cover me© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/d9c96834-ebfd-11e3-a9e3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Dai-ichi confirms $5.7bn Protective takeover© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bc46b09c-eba7-11e3-8cef-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

We need to penetrate into urban areas moreHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
‘We need to penetrate into urban areas more’
S Ronendra Singh
Tweet
Randhir Singh Kalsi, Executive Director-Sales and Marketing, Maruti Suzuki India.
Maruti Suzuki India, which came out with an automatic gear shift (AMT) hatchback— Celerio — early this year, will soon launch another small car with the AMT option. The new Alto K10 is expected to be rolled out in mid-November. In an interview with Business Line, Randhir Singh Kalsi, Executive Director-Sales and Marketing, spoke about more products in the pipeline and the company’s strategy going ahead. Edited excerpts:
You took over in this new role recently, after Mayank Pareek left the company. What is your agenda as the new sales and marketing head?
In a company of Maruti’s size, no agendas are driven by a single person. It is team work and continuity.
We have excellent teams in areas such as product planning, engineering and sub verticals like rural sales and marketing, and all of them work in tandem.
There is a consistency in the policies and in thought processes.
The first half of the fiscal has passed. What do you expect from the second half?
Everything is market-driven and depends on how competitors come out with new products in the second half.
All I can say is, we will grow more than the industry. That’s our intent and we are on track.
But the second half’s base is always high. Last year, there were a lot of new introductions in the second half. From that perspective, one has to see how many new models come out now and how the overall market behaves.
Positive sentiment was seen in the growth of the car industry, FMCG and commercial vehicles. But a full assessment will only be available by October-end. Last year, the festivals were in October.
This time round, part of our sales took place during Navratras in September. So, we will have to look at both September and October to assess our festival sales.
Why has sales growth of your entry-level cars slackened over the past few months?
We had applied the brakes on manufacturing the Alto K10 because the new model is coming. Our focus was to clear the existing lot. That was the reason. All our other models grew in numbers over the past six months.
How do you plan to market the new Alto K10? Especially as there is not much of price difference between Dzire and Ciaz…
Maruti has a portfolio of 16 different products. Therefore, at every stage, there is an overlapping of prices and, within that portfolio, cannibalisation also happens.
But finally, we leave the choice to the customer, as long as they stay in our larger portfolio.
For many, the Alto is also a second car, so they buy the Alto 800 and not K10.
About pricing the Ciaz, we have not done any profiling yet. It is too early. But we are getting a good response, as even a smaller dealer was able to sell six units in the first three days after the launch.
Demand for the diesel variant was higher than petrol, with a ratio of 60:40. We will know better about demand in the next few months.
With the market getting competitive with newer products, how do you plan to sustain your market share (around 45 per cent)?
Our focus will be on expanding our network in a big way. Not just in rural areas, we need to penetrate more in urban areas, too. Making products in every segment is another focus area. For example, there is a market of 29 per cent for compact SUVs which, so far, Maruti has not entered. So, we will be entering that segment.
Our R&D centre in Rohtak (Haryana) will support and supplement our mission of 2020 in terms of faster roll-out of products because our overall testing cycle (of vehicles) will reduce.
On the management side, it is being said that many senior Indians are not getting higher ranks compared with their Japanese peers...
I don’t think there is such a question. I have been working with the company for the past 30 years and there has always been team work among the Indians and the Japanese. At top level, there are five verticals, and each has a Japanese counterpart.
But there are not many who have made it to the managing director level…
We cannot generalise. RC Bhargava is still our Chairman and there is a pyramid structure.
Everybody cannot become the MD or Chairman. The filtration process always takes place as we move up the ranks. But decision-making is a collective process.
(This article was published on October 29, 2014)
Related

Samsung s mobile profit sinks 74%SEOUL, South Korea, October 30, 2014
Updated: October 30, 2014 07:26 IST
Samsung's mobile profit sinks 74%
AP
Analysts said the Galaxy S5 smartphone launched in April did not sell well. Photo:AP
TOPICS
company information
Samsung Electronics Co. said Thursday operating profit from its smartphone business plunged 74 per cent in the third quarter to its lowest in more than three years amid slowing sales of its flagship Galaxy handsets.
The drop battered the South Korea company’s overall quarterly net profit, which tumbled 49 percent to 4.2 trillion won ($4 billion) the lowest since the first quarter of 2012, but above market expectations. Analysts polled by Factset had predicted net income of 3.7 trillion won.
Operating income from its mobile business, which previously had contributed more than 60 percent of its entire profit, fell to 1.75 trillion won ($1.66 billion) from 6.7 trillion won a year earlier.
That was the lowest since the third quarter of 2011. Samsung’s profit from smartphone business never sank below 2 trillion won until the last quarter.
Quarterly sales fell 20 percent to 47.4 trillion won while operating income shrank 60 percent to 4.1 trillion won.
Samsung had warned earlier this month that its handset profit declined despite a marginal shipment increase. Analysts said the Galaxy S5 smartphone launched in April did not sell well while many consumers held off upgrading their phones instead waiting for new iPhones.

Smartphone woes drag Samsung Electronics Q3 profit to more than 3-year lowE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

ICICI Bank Q2 profit rises 15%  beats estimatesICICI Bank Q2 profit rises 15%, beats estimates
Devidutta Tripathy     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 30, 2014  | 13:38 IST
ICICI Bank Ltd, biggest private sector lender , reported a record quarterly profit on Thursday, beating analysts estimates, on higher lending and fee income.
Net profit rose 15 per cent to Rs 2,709 crore ($440.88 million) for its fiscal second quarter ended September 30 from Rs 2,352 crore a year earlier, the Mumbai-based lender said in a statement.
Analysts on average had expected a net profit of Rs 2693 crore for ICICI Bank, which is also listed in New York.
($1 = 61.4450 rupees)

Watch Ranveer and Parineeti romance  Kill Dil  styleLink
1 month 7 days ago, India Movies Editorial
A lovely blend of rock and acoustic guitars along with a soulful sufi vibe celebrates the love of two souls… Dev and Disha.
More on India Movies Editorial:
Related Videos

Halloween Special: 13 must-watch movies for horror junkiesComments
Everyone loves a good scare, especially those of us who suffer from an overactive imagination that convinces us, even in the face of overwhelming logic, that the creepy doll from Annabelle will find you and kill you dead in the middle of the night. That high, that sheer adrenaline rush you get from having the living daylights scared out of you is worth a few nights of restful sleep.
Speaking of Annabelle and all things scary, Halloween is here! The one night in the whole year that is wholeheartedly dedicated to things that go bump in the night, not to mention loony characters running around in the street, dressed up as everything from Frozen's Elsa to Stoker's Dracula. So, if you're hoping to skip the madness, hole up at home with your buddies and get in a few good scares, you'll need some awesome horror flicks to cuddle up with.
Here are a few bone-chillers to get you started:
Annabelle
1. House of Wax (1953)
Starring: Vincent Price, Carolyn Jones, Frank Lovejoy, Phyllis Kirk
Directed By: André De Toth
Running Time: 90 minutes
No, not the badly made 2005 rip-off starring a less-than-mediocre cast and even worse direction by Jaume Collet-Serra. The original House of Wax, (made in 1953), while lacking modern-day CGI effects, more than makes up in terms of story, lighting and script. If the creepy wax sculptures aren't enough to send a chill down your spine, Vincent Price's eerie yet entirely believable potrayal of disfigured sculptor Henry Jarrod will definitely achieve the desired effect. Price was a horror maestro, and House of Wax is one of his best works.
2. Psycho (1960)
Starring: Anthony Perkins, Janet Leigh, Vera Miles, John Gavin
Directed By: Alfred Hitchcock
Running Time: 109 minutes
No list of horror movies is complete without Alfred Hitchcock's magnum opus, Psycho. That infamous shower scene has made its way into so many TV shows and movies over the last few decades. Even in B&W, Anthony Perkins' potrayal of mentally disturbed motel owner Norman Bates is enough to induce minor strokes; add to that the strategic lighting, sinister music and twisted story line and you've got a Halloween winner. Spend a night at Bates Motel, I dare you.  
3. The Innocents (1961)
Starring: Deborah Kerr, Peter Wyngarde, Megs Jenkins, Michael Redgrave
Directed By: Jack Clayton
Running Time: 100 minutes
Jack Clayton, through the use of minimal lighting, made sure that The Innocents sent generations of horror buffs into a collective fear frenzy. The film deviates from coventional horror by making liberal but focused use of music and direction to scare viewers, rather than run-of-the-mill shocks. The casting also proved to be perfect, with actors that are pleasurable to watch yet not distracting from the main story. Oscar winning actor Deborah Kerr brings to life first-time governess Miss Gideons to 2 creepy children in this British supernatural thriller. Definitely a must watch this Halloween.
4. Carrie (1976)
Starring: PJ Soles , Sissy Spacek, Piper Laurie, John Travolta
Directed By: Brian DePalma
Running Time: 98 minutes
Carrie is sometimes blamed for giving birth to the now overdone and tired genre of teen horror. But given that it came out almost 40 years ago, this raw and horrifying account of Carrie, a shy, abused 17-year-old girl who extracts revenge on her torturers in the worst way, is uniquely scary and sure to cause faint-hearted individuals to run screaming out of the room.
5. Suspiria (1977)
Starring: Jessica Harper, Stefania Casini, Joan Bennett, Alida Valli
Directed By: Dario Argento
Running Time: 98 minutes
Doors that slam of their own accord, footsteps that belong to no physical being, satanic rituals performed by over-zealous witches disguised as teachers, Suspiria has all the elements that make for a fear-filled viewing experience enunciated by screams. The story follows a young ballet student who is accepted at a prestigious dance academy in Germany, but soon realises that the school plays host to nefarious entities that were regretably not included in the brochure.
6. A Nightmare on Elm Street (1984)
Starring: Robert Englund, Heather Langenkamp, John Saxon, Ronee Blakely
Directed By: Wes Craven
Running Time: 92 minutes
Freddy Krueger. The name that even after 30 years strikes fear in the hearts of movie-goers. A disfugured man with a bladed glove on his hand lurks in the deepest recesses of a group of students' nightmares. Spooky, huh? Admittedly, the movie seems slightly overdone in a few places but overall, definitely a must watch for a macabre Halloween.
7.  Ringu (1998)
Starring: Nanako Matsushima, Miki Nakatani, Hiroyuki Sanada, Yuko Takeuchi
Directed By: Hideo Nakata
Running Time: 96 minutes
Remember Samara from The Ring? That girl who made it almost impossible for you to watch TV without fearing for your life days after? Turns out, Ringu, the Japanese film from which the American version was adapted, is even scarier than The Ring! With supernatural entities, vengeful spirits, excellent direction and a thoroughly put-together cast, Ringu is a blood-curdling feast of psychological thrills and chills.
8.  The Blair Witch Project (1999)
Starring: Bob Griffin, Mark Mason, Heather Donahue, Michael C. Williams
Directed By: Daniel Myrick , Bob Griffin , Eduardo Sánchez (II) , Eduardo Sánchez
Running Time: 105 minutes
Three student filmmakers dissappeared while hiking in the Black Hills near Burkittsville, Maryland in 1994. They were supposedly looking for the Blair Witch. The footage of their journey was found a year later and inspired the 1999 film, The Blair Witch Project. Essentialy, this movie is horrifying, mostly because, having been shot through a Handycam, it is uncomfortably realistic.
9.  The Cabin in the Woods  (2012)
Starring: Kristen Connolly, Chris Hemsworth, Anna Hutchison, Fran Kranz
Directed By: Drew Goddard
Running Time: 105 minutes
Another teenage horror flick you say? How wrong you are. Drew Goddard and Joss Whedon come together to give you a psychological scare treat that will make your head spin. 5 teenagers (foolishly) decide to spend the weekend at a seemingly deserted cabin in the forest. Little do they know that not only are they being watched, they are also being used as lab rats for a deadly social experiment. The ups and downs of The Cabin in the Woods will keep you entertained throughout the duration of the film.
10. The Conjuring (2013)
Starring: Vera Farmiga, Ron Livingston, Lili Taylor, Shanley Caswell
Directed By: James Wan
Running Time: 112 minutes
The Conjuring, set in 1971, is a rare gem of hair-raising, unadulterated, old-school horror that will cause even the most stoic individuals to lose sleep for at least a week and then some. Vera Farmiga and Patrick Wilson take on the roles of Loraine and Ed Warren, paranormal investigators who are called to aid the Perrons, who believe they are being haunted. While the film does make some use of visual effects, the overall result is entirely believable, which just makes it that much scarier.
11. The Exorcist (1973)
Starring: Ellen Burstyn, Max von Sydow, Jason Miller, Linda Blair, Lee J. Cobb
Director: Williams Friedkin
Running Time: 122 minutes
The quintessential horror movie. Exorcisms and scary flicks go hand in hand and this is where it all began. The movie is so deeply engraved in our collective conscience that even the poster- a man in a top hat and with a briefcase standing outside a house under the eerie light of a streetlamp- is enough to make us shudder. The movie was so well made that it got nominated in 10 Academy Awards categories which also included Best Picture. The one thing that makes it stand out from the rest is the fact that it is based on a true story. In case you didn't know that already, good luck trying to sleep tonight!
12. The Shining (1980)
Starring: Jack Nicholson, Shelly Duvall
Directed by: Stanley Kubrick
Running time: 145 minutes
An eccentric writer goes to a hill station in search of peace but what he gets in return is an imbalanced mind. He becomes a threat to his immediate family members who don't know what lies behind the doors of the secluded guesthouse. Director Stanley Kubrick's masterpiece is known for its symbolism and was based on Stephen King's homonymous novel. Jack Nicholson and Shelley Duvall have come up with the performance of their lifetime in The Shining. The opening sequence of the film is considered as one of the finest in the history of Hollywood.
13. The Grudge (2004)
Starring: Sarah Michelle Gellar, Jason Behr, KaDee Strickland
Directed by: Takashi Shimizu
Running time: 92 minutes
One of the superbly edited horror films, The Grudge is about a curse which generates due to extreme sorrow. Japanese filmmakers are known for their depiction of ghosts and supernatural elements in a way which tries to trace the roots of a social evil in complex social structures. A man suspects that his wife is having an affair with her professor and thus he kills her. However, this doesn't provide him any solace as the ghost of his wife starts haunting his sub-conscious which eventually pushes him towards committing suicide. But, the sorrow doesn't end and keeps evolving even in the husband's afterlife. Watching The Grudge alone will still give you a sense of pride.

After sensational start  Shah Rukh Khan s  Happy New Year  box office collections just wiltE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Cong faces lonely battle in J&K  JharkhandCong faces lonely battle in J&K, Jharkhand
Our Bureau
The Congress fears that the BJP will poach its leaders, particularly from the Jammu region.
New Delhi, October 30:  
Even while struggling to recover from the electoral defeats in Maharashtra and Haryana, the Congress looks isolated in Jharkhand and Jammu and Kashmir too, where Assembly polls are scheduled in November.
In Jharkhand, where the grand old party is part of the ruling alliance, talks with the Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) are going nowhere. In J&K, the party is going it alone after severing ties with the National Conference.
There is pressure on the party high command to sever ties with the JMM. The local Congress leadership is demanding more than 45 seats of 81 from the JMM, which is not ready to concede more than 40. The Congress will have to share the seats allotted to it with its allies RJD and JD(U) as well.
Another suggestion before the Congress high command is to break away from the JMM and forge a ‘better’ alliance where the Congress will have an upper hand. A final decision on the alliances will be taken by a committee headed by veteran leader AK Antony.
Congress circles feel the JMM is taking a rigid stand on the alliance for a possible post-electoral tie-up with the BJP in the State.
In J&K, the party had decided not to field senior leaders Ghulam Nabi Azad and Saifuddin Soz. However, Azad, a former CM, is likely to head the party’s campaign committee. The Congress is expecting an exodus from its folds ahead of the elections.
Exodus predicted
Its senior leader Mangat Ram Sharma resigned to join the Peoples Democratic Party recently. Another Congressman, Sham Lal Sharma, had resigned from the Omar Abdullah Cabinet, accusing the State Government of neglecting the development of Jammu region.
The Congress fears the BJP will poach its leaders, particularly from Jammu. A party leader pointed out that the BJP grew in Maharashtra and Haryana by offering ticket to Congress rebels.
(This article was published on October 30, 2014)
Related

Pranab to pay tributes to Indira; Modi has no planNEW DELHI, October 30, 2014
Updated: October 31, 2014 09:05 IST
Pranab to pay tributes to Indira; Modi has no plan
Smita Gupta
national politics
President Pranab Mukherjee — as in the previous years and as his predecessors used to do — will start Friday morning by visiting Shakti Sthal, the memorial of Indira Gandhi here, to attend a function organised by the Congress on her 30th death anniversary.
At 8.15 am, Mr. Mukherjee will flag off a “Run for Unity” for the residents of the President’s Estate from the forecourt of the Rashtrapati Bhavan to mark Sardar Patel’s birth anniversary, which falls on the same day.
This is a departure from previous years, when both occasions were marked by quiet homage: leaders visited Shakti Sthal in the morning and then went to the Central Hall of Parliament to pay their tribute to Sardar Patel.
This year, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has no plans to go to Shakti Sthal.
However, the functions to mark Patel’s anniversary will be on a grand scale, starting with Mr. Modi flagging off the “Run for Unity” at the crossing of Rajpath and Rajendra Prasad Road – and participating in the marathon that will end at India Gate.
Even though Indira Gandhi has her many admirers in the BJP, starting with Mr. Vajpayee, who had referred to her as Durga for her role in Bangladesh’s birth, over the last few years, the BJP has sought to appropriate the Iron Man and pit him against Nehru, and say that the former has not been given his due.
On Thursday, refuting this charge, BJP leader Chandan Mitra told The Hindu, “There is no question of anyone being pitted against anyone else. But yes, Patel is finally being given the recognition he deserves. It is not a question of undermining the Nehru-Gandhis, but of giving Patel his due as one of the architects of freedom.”
If Mr. Mitra felt there was no politics in the projection of Sardar Patel by his party, historian Mridula Mukherjee sees it differently: “It is wrong to project Patel as a rival of Nehru – that would be unfair to his memory, just as it would be to pit Vajpayee against Advani. Patel was a very important leader, and I don’t agree that his contributions have been ignored all these years. But the BJP has an agenda to build up Patel and pit him against the Nehru-Gandhi family, and it came in useful because he was from Gujarat. There is a clear political sub-text in these celebrations.”
Officially, the Congress is trying to underplay the face-off. Party sources said that the party would like to steer clear of what it feels is the Narendra Modi government’s attempt to create a controversy, pitting two Congress icons against each other.
The Congress’s Communication chief Ajay Maken maintained that the NDA government was following party president Sonia Gandhi’s suggestion that such observances be limited to Mahatma Gandhi’s death anniversary .“In August 2012, the Congress president had written to the Prime Minister that the government should organise the death anniversary for only Mahatma Gandhi at the Rajghat and for all other national leaders, the task be left to the trusts and the Congress party.”
“First they try to do a Nehru versus Gandhi and then a Patel versus Indira. Then they will eventually bring in dynasty. All four leaders are from the Congress, we won’t give the BJP a chance to create this controversy,” a senior leader said.
But while officially, the party is being cautious, Congress leader Shashi Tharoor on Thursday lashed out at the government for ignoring the former PM. “Disgraceful that Govt is ignoring the martyrdom of our only Prime Minister who was killed in office in the line of duty. Oct 31 forgotten?” he tweeted.

Shiv Sena to skip swearing-in ceremony of BJP-led government in MaharashtraBJP
(Sena's aggressive stand…)
MUMBAI: After a clear indication from BJP leaders that only seven or eight ministers of their party would be sworn in on Friday, the Shiv Sena has decided to boycott the ceremony at Wankhede Stadium here. The Sena leadership seemed divided on whether to participate in the BJP-led government at a later stage, but unanimously decided that its MLAs and leaders would stay away from the official function on Friday.
Sena's aggressive stand and the possibility of the party staying away from the BJP-led government in Maharashtra has brought in an element of uncertainty over the future of stability of the Devendra Fadnavis government, though Sena has kept some options of talks with BJP open and has still not ruled out participation at some later stage.
BJP wants to swear in a very small cabinet and accommodate Sena only after the vote of confidence is passed in the special session of the assembly that may happen in the second week of November. BJP observer for Maharashtra.
Rajiv Pratap Rudy, declared through social media on Thursday afternoon that any Sena minister was unlikely to be sworn in with the chief minister and only a BJP cabinet would take oath at Wankhede on Friday.
This announcement annoyed Sena and party leaders who met at Sena President Uddhav Thackeray's residence decided unanimously that none of them would attend the new government's swearing-in ceremony. A joint meeting of Sena and BJP,which was scheduled for Thursday night, was also called off.
"We take Rajiv Pratap Rudy's comment very seriously. If none of our minister's are going to be taking oath, what is the point in all our MLAs and leaders attending the ceremony. Shiv Sena would have attended only if we had been treated with respect,"said Sena spokesperson and party MLC Neelam Gorhe who was present at the meeting at Uddhav's residence.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Online shopping: New law makes suing etailer...You are here: Home > Collections
Consumer Protection Act may get more teeth; new law may help you sue online retailers from your city
Deepshikha Sikarwar, ET Bureau Oct 31, 2014, 08.16AM IST
Tags:
Consumer court
(Government is planning…)
NEW DELHI: Unhappy with your online purchase and want to take legal action against the seller? You will soon be able to do it from your home city, rather than go where the seller is based.
To help customers, the government is planning to revamp the Consumer Protection Act in the forthcoming winter session of Parliament to allow 'territoryfree' legal action against any goods or service provider .
Under the current rules, a consumer can initiate legal action against a seller only in the place where transaction takes place.
"The current restriction of jurisdiction cannot work in an e-commerce environment. We are looking at changes in the consumer protection act to ensure it addresses these issues," a senior government official privy to the deliberations on the issue told ET.
The ministry of consumer affairs is working on this revamp to safeguard interest of consumers in a world where shopping is not constrained by geography. The existing law, which came into being in 1986, cannot effectively deal with challenges posed by new economic, business and technological developments.
"Technology has erased geographic boundaries... For effective consumer protection it is essential that new law addresses these challenges," the official said. The new provisions will cover both goods and service providers but only those that operate physically from the Indian soil.
The new law would cover not just vendors in online space but also marketplace providers such as Amazon and Flipkart. A significant chunk of India's $10 billion and rapidly growing e-commerce business comes from outside the big cities. Snapdeal says 60% of its business comes from outside the top 15 cities and Flipkart gets half its orders from nonmetros. The government aims to ensure the new law empowers consumers to take on errant etailers.
A significant chunk of India's $10 billion and rapidly growing e-commerce business comes from outside the big cities. Snapdeal says 60% of its business comes from outside the top 15 cities and Flipkart gets half its orders from nonmetros. The government aims to ensure the new law empowers consumers to take on errant etailers.
But etailers fear it may be abused. "Online shoppers are already a pampered lot," a senior executive at a top ecommerce firm said. "Most complaints are in any case settled in the customer's favour. Such rules are prone to get misused."
"This is a welcome order for consumers, as they can file for damages or a compensatory suit in their local jurisdiction saving time and money," says Sanjay Ashar, Senior Partner of Crawford Bailey & Co.
"However it will be difficult for ecommerce companies to fight at several courts. When a company has many cases related to similar products or services, it can go to High Court and transfer those cases to one place. Also, if two courts in different places pass contradicting orders, it will be difficult for the company to know which one to follow, until they get clarity from higher courts. This will certainly increase the legal cost of the e-commerce industry."
Once the revamped law is in place, consumers will be able to approach their local consumer court against a service or a goods provider who may be situated anywhere in the country.
Any "unfair trade practices" including a false claim could be challenged under the new law. The department of industrial policy and promotion (DIPP) had taken up the issue of regulation of ecommerce retailers with consumer affairs ministry. Brick-and mortar retailers associations had represented to the DIPP after leading online sellers including Flipkart and Amazon offered deep discounts to promote sales.
A new inter-ministerial group has also been formed by the government chaired by consumer affairs secretary to deal with new issues in the consumer space.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ad gurus to electrify govts save-power driveAd gurus
(Power ministry is tapping…)
KOLKATA: The power ministry is tapping the imagination of advertising gurus to hammer home the message that India can save 25,000MW of energy every year by being prudent.
The Piyush Goyal-led ministry has roped in Ogilvy & Mather India executive chairman Piyush Pandey , Madison World chairman and MD Sam Balsara and Sunil Alagh, a marketing consultant, for a compelling campaign around saving and efficient use of electricity. "We are all helping the committee as individuals. We are now waiting for the brief," Pandey said. "The idea is to bring awareness on saving power and ways of using power in the correct way."
Despite having an installed power generation capacity of over 250,000 MW, about 5% of India's close to 600,000 villages remain deprived of electricity, while power supply in most rural areas is erratic, mainly due to high consumption in urban areas.
Some experts say the government's efforts to cut electricity wastage need to be supplement strategies to reach out to the industrial and agriculture sectors where energy conservation potential is estimated at over 23%.
As per the ministry's estimates, close to 25,000 MW of energy can be saved annually.
The ministry, sources say, may rope in prominent faces as brand ambassadors to energise its "saving electricity" campaigns which, thus far, are perceived to have not achieved much. An efficient power sector tops the priority list of Narendra Modi, who as chief minister had turned around Gujarat's utilities and showcased them as a development model.
In its election manifesto earlier this year, the BJP promised uninterrupted power supply for all. Government agencies like the Bureau of Energy Efficiency have taken several steps to improve energy efficiency and promote power saving.
Ogilvy's sister agency, Soho Square and Madison, helped the BJP with its Lok Sabha poll campaign, which too was led by Union minister Goyal, Pandey and Balsara, and the trio continue to work on campaigns for state assembly elections. Asked if he is open to joining more committee's within government, Pandey said, "I am open to helping out on any call. But I can't spread myself too thin and then fail to deliver the work."
Meanwhile, there are talks that Modi wants Pandey to lead communications for both the government and the party. Although Pandey denied having received any such offer, several top executives at WPP said the offer includes maintaining agency relations and supervising government projects like 'Swachh Bharat Abhiyan', 'Clean Ganga' and 'Jan Dhan Yojana', among others.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Apple Inc CEO Tim Cook comes out as gay  says  proud to be soE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Prime Minister Narendra Modi flags off Run for Unity on Sardar Patel birthanniversaryPrint
Modi paid floral tributes at the statue of independent India's first home minister at Patel Chowk, Parliament Street. (Source: Express photo by Amit Mehra)
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 31, 2014 8:10 am | Updated: October 31, 2014 1:58 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday dedicated birth anniversary of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel as National Unity Day, saying a nation that disregards its history cannot create one and made a veiled reference to anti-Sikh riots that followed then Prime Minister Indira Gandhi’s assassination this day 30 years ago.
Got up as an event to accord Sardar Patel, the ‘Iron Man of India’, his place in history, the Government made it clear that this was no attempt to belittle the contribution of any other leader.
Participants running for the ‘Run for Unity’ campaign from Rajpath to India Gate on Friday. (Source: Express photo by Amit Mehra)
“Let us not forget that a nation that disregards its history can never create one…Don’t divide history, legacy in narrow confines of ideology,” Modi said.
Flagging off run for unity on the 139th birth anniversary of the first Home Minister of the country celebrated as “Rashtriya Ekta Divas”, Modi said Patel devoted his life for the unity of the Nation and it was unfortunate that “our very own people” were killed on his birth anniversary 30 years ago.
In an apparent reference to riots which took place after the assassination of then Prime Minister Indira Gandhi in 1984, Modi said, “Patel never deviated from his vision of national unity despite facing obstacles in his political life. It is a misfortune of this country that 30 years ago on the birth anniversary of such a leader an incident which shook the unity of nation took place.”
“Hamare apne logon ko maut ke ghaat utar diya gaya (our own people were killed on that day). That incident was not a wound on the hearts of people of a particular religion it was a dagger into the heart of thousands of years of country’s heritage and culture,” he said.
He also noted that it was also the death anniversary of former Prime Minister Indira Gandhi.
Remembering the contribution of Patel in the Independence movement, Modi said Mahatma Gandhi had entrusted him with planning of historical Dandi march which he successfully did.
“When we see Ramakrishna Paramhans he appears to be incomplete without Swami Vivekananda. Similarly when we see Mahatma Gandhi, he also appears incomplete without Sardar Patel,” he said.

Kerry urges restraint  expresses worry over tensions inJerusalemUS Secretary of State John Kerry said on Thursday he was worried about the escalation of tensions across Jerusalem.
By: Reuters | Washington | Posted: October 31, 2014 4:48 am
US Secretary of State John Kerry said on Thursday he was worried about the escalation of tensions across Jerusalem and urged leaders to reopen Temple Mount to Muslim worshippers.
Kerry condemned the shooting of a US citizen at the Menachem Begin Heritage Center in Jerusalem, saying the State Department was seeking more information from the authorities.
Yehuda Glick, a religious activist, was shot and wounded late on Wednesday. He has campaigned for Jews to be allowed to pray at the Al-Aqsa compound, or Temple Mount, a holy site at the heart of the violence.
“It is absolutely critical that all sides exercise restraint, refrain from provocative actions and rhetoric, and preserve the historic status quo on the Haram al-Sharif/Temple Mount – in word and in practice,” Kerry said in a statement.

LIVE: PM Modi to flag off  Run for Unity  for Sardar Patel birth anniversary in New DelhiComments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday invoked Prime Minister Indira Gandhi on her martyrdom day but also raked up the 1984 anti-Sikh riots after her death.
Flagging of the 'Run for Unity' to commemorate Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel's birth anniversary Delhi's Vijay Chowk on Friday, the PM rued, "It was unfortunate that 30 years ago, on the birthday of a man who devoted his life for the unity of the country, a terrible incident happened that gravely injured the nation's unity," referring to the riots.
"Our own people were killed. The incident was not a wound on the throat of any community but a knife, a dagger on India's century-old great social fabric," Modi continued, taking an indirect dig at the Congress.
Neither Modi nor any National Democratic Alliance minister went to Gandhi’s memorial at Shakti Sthal, where many Congress leaders, including party chief Sonia Gandhi and former prime minister Manmohan Singh, paid their respects.
Congress leaders accused Modi of disrespecting the late prime minister . “Disgraceful that Govt is ignoring the martyrdom of our only Prime Minister who was killed in office in the line of duty,” tweeted Shashi Tharoor.
Former UPA minister Anand Sharma said, “She was the leader of this country who was martyred in office. This pitting of leaders against one another is in bad taste.”.
PM Modi flags off the 'Run for Unity' at Rajpath in New Delhi on Friday. (Vipin Kumar/HT Photo)
Earlier, in his speech on Friday, Modi mentioned, "Aaj Shrimati Indira Gandhi ka punya tithi hai (Today, it is Shrimati Indira Gandhi's death anniversary)", even as he devoted the maximum time of his speech to Patel's legacy.
In his welcome speech, urban development minister M Venkaiah Naidu had made it clear the event was "not to undermine any other leader but only to do justice to Sardar Patel". Naidu also mentioned that since childhood he believed that history has done injustice to Sardar Patel.
Showering effusive praise on Patel, Modi said, "Just as Ramakrishna Paramhansa remains incomplete without Swami Vivekananda, Mahatma Gandhi's legacy cannot be fully written without Sardar Patel's contribution."
He mentioned how Patel had organised Mahatma Gandhi's Dandi March in 1930.
PM Modi takes part in the 'Run for Unity' at Rajpath in New Delhi on Friday. (Vipin Kumar/HT Photo)
The PM said Patel tried to unify the country and thwarted the British ploy to divide India into several pieces. "History remembers Chanakya for his efforts towards development of provinces by unifying them, similarly Sardar Patel's aim too was development through unity."
 
"Patel has given us Ek Bharat (united India). It is now our duty to make it Shresth Bharat (Best India)."

Rahul Gandhi kicks off meetings to revive party  stem Modi tideComments
Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi has called to Delhi leaders from across the country to draw up a strategy to “revive” the party and “stop the BJP’s upsurge” under Narendra Modi, sources said.
Reeling under its worst Lok Sabha performance, the Congress a week ago also lost power in Haryana and Maharashtra, adding to the growing unease in the rank and file about the lack of action on part of the leadership.
Over the next few days, Rahul was expected to hold a series of meetings with party colleagues, sources said. On Thursday, he chaired a meeting of party leaders, including Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi, Ghulam Nabi Azad, Ambika Soni, Jaipal Reddy, Jairam Ramesh, Sachin Pilot and Meenakshi Natarajan, sources said.
Party president Sonia Gandhi was not in the four-hour “first of its kind” meeting -- a signal that Rahul may play a more pro-active role in the party in the coming months. The focus was on the revival of the party and motivating and training the cadres, said sources.
“There is a disconnect not only between the party and the people, but also between the party and the cadres,” a leader who was at the meeting quoted Rahul as saying.
“The talks were also focused on ways to revamp the party and motivate the workers. Training procedures were also discussed,” the leader said.
Many of the participants expressed concern over the “Nehruvian legacy getting lost”, with the NDA regime seeking to appropriate Congress’ icons, sources said.
“Earlier Congress workers rose in the ranks by adhering to a Nehruvian legacy of selfless social service. This is absent now. Moreover, uninterrupted stints in power have not helped building the ideology of social service,” a source quoted another senior leader as saying.
The meetings, said sources, could be a precursor to an organisational revamp in which Rahul was likely to give a prominent role to young leaders.

1984 anti-Sikh riot victims to get Rs 5 lakh additional reliefComments
The government has decided to give additional compensation of Rs. 5 lakh each to the families of the 3,325 victims of the 1984 anti-Sikh riots and plans to disburse it “as soon as possible”.
The politically significant decision comes at a time when Delhi — home to a majority of the affected families — is facing the possibility of a new government being formed or of fresh elections being held. 
It also comes on the eve of the 30th death anniversary of Indira Gandhi, whose assassination by her Sikh bodyguards triggered the riots. Of the 3,325 victims, 2,733 were killed in Delhi alone and the rest in states like Haryana, Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh and Maharashtra. Thirty years on, many of the riot cases are still stuck in courts.
“The decision was taken by Union home minister Rajnath Singh a week ago,” a government official said Thursday.
Besides, the home ministry has also decided to enhance compensation to all civilian victims of communal, terrorist or Maoist violence from the existing Rs. 3 lakh to Rs. 5 lakh.
Earlier in 2006, the UPA government under Manmohan Singh had announced a package of Rs. 717 crore for the 1984 riots victims, which included Rs. 3.5 lakh for the families of the dead and financial assistance to the injured and those who lost their property. This package could not be fully disbursed due to disputes amongst claimants and around Rs. 200 crore of it remains unutilised.
Read: Will Cong ever be able to cast off the taint of ’84?
The fresh compensation — which came after the home minister received numerous petitions from Sikh outfits — will cost the exchequer Rs. 166 crore and will be in addition to whatever the families have received so far from the Centre and states.
The BJP has repeatedly traded charges with the Congress over the alleged involvement of its leaders in the riots. Singh had in 2005 apologised for the violence while just before this year’s general elections, Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi had admitted some party members may have been involved.
Welcoming the decision, Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal said, “By showing extreme sensitivity to the demands repeatedly raised by us, the PM has shown how deeply he felt the pain of the Sikh community. As part of the alliance with the BJP, we are thankful to PM Modi.”

India joins global pact to stop tax evasionIndia joins global pact to stop tax evasion
Prasun Sonwalkar , Hindustan Times  London, October 31, 2014
First Published: 07:53 IST(31/10/2014) | Last Updated: 07:55 IST(31/10/2014)
Amidst moves to uncover black money, India on Thursday joined over 50 countries and jurisdictions in the next step to stamp out tax evasion by signing a new agreement at the Global Forum in Berlin to automatically exchange information.
 
Under the agreement, unprecedented levels of information, including account balances, interest payments and beneficial ownership, will be shared with the UK from countries across the world in an international clampdown on tax evasion, official sources here said.
 
Chancellor George Osborne said: “Today we strike a blow on behalf of hardworking taxpayers who are cheated when rich people don’t pay their taxes. Today we send a clear message to those who still think they can escape making a fair contribution to our public services and to reducing our deficit: you can hide no more; we are coming to get you”.
 
The global standard of automatic information exchange to tackle tax evasion was developed by the OECD and agreed in July 2014.
 
The sources said that together with France, Germany, Italy and Spain, the UK launched an initiative for early adoption of the new standard in April 2013.
 
In total 57 countries and jurisdictions - known as the Early Adopters Group - have now committed to a common implementation timetable which will see the first exchange of information in 2017 in respect of accounts open at the end of 2015 and new accounts from 2016.
 
A further 34 countries have committed to implement the new global standard by 2018.
The full list of countries committed to first exchange in 2017 or 2018 will be released by the Global Forum in their annual report at the end of the 29 October plenary session.
 
The ‘Berlin declaration on transparency and fairness in tax matters’ said: “Under the new global standard a wide range of information will be exchanged on offshore accounts, including account balances and beneficial ownership. This will make it possible to stamp out tax evasion and tackle tax fraud. This action by the dishonest few reduces public revenues, undermines confidence in the fairness of our tax systems and increases the burden on honest taxpayers”.
 
It added: “We call on the few countries which have not yet done so to match this commitment. The ability of tax evaders to hide is vanishing quickly. Tax evaders have two choices - come forward or be caught”.

Fears StanChart looks accident proneStanChart’s latest stumble stokes concerns it is accident prone
By Martin Arnold in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4eb8ccc8-27d8-11e4-b7a9-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Cargill expands into base metalsLast updated: October 30, 2014 6:26 pm
Cargill expands into base metals
Henry Sanderson
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a946201e-602c-11e4-88d1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rescue measures for stagnant eurozoneOctober 30, 2014 6:01 am
Four rescue measures for stagnant eurozone
Willem Buiter
Bank stress tests an unconvincing fudge and big problems remain
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/987e237c-5f81-11e4-a882-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Mata ki Chowki in Trilokpuri to be removed by Friday; residents fear recurrence of violenceNEW DELHI, October 31, 2014
Updated: October 31, 2014 08:57 IST
Trilokpuri residents fear recurrence of violence
Staff Reporter
Tweet
The Hindu The “Mata ki Chowki” in Tirlokpuri.Photo S. Subramanium
The makeshift temple, Mata ki Chowki, in Block-20 area of Trilokpuri will be removed after a jagran on Friday. The first incident which triggered violence in the colony was reported near this site and residents are still wary of similar incidents recurring here.
Since the site where the chowki had been put up was a dumping yard earlier, locals want that places of worship for both the Hindus and Muslims be constructed here as a long-term solution for improving bonhomie between the two communities.
“No garbage was dumped here till the time this chowki was here but after it is removed, people from the opposite block will come and dump their garbage here again. If they do so, there can be tension again,” said Gaurav Talwar, a resident of Block-20.
“We just want to keep the area clean and if it can be done through a religious excuse, so be it. I also suggested the colony residents to make it a place of worship for both the Hindus and Muslims, but we need permissions for that,” he added.
“There is a garbage dumping facility in Block-19 which we do not use. The facility in Block-20 was demolished to pave the way for car parking. But people still used to dump garbage in the area. However, it changed after the makeshift temple was set up,” said Satbir, another resident.
However, some residents are of the view that a religious alternative will not provide a solution to their problems and are talking to the municipal bodies about providing them with closed dustbins for dumping waste.

 Tokyo Stocks Open Higher as Dollar GainsYou are here: Home Market
Tokyo Stocks Open Higher as Dollar Gains on US Economic Data
AFP | Updated On: October 31, 2014 07:33 (IST)
Tokyo stocks opened 1.02 per cent higher on Friday despite a spate of poor Japanese economic data, as the dollar rose further against the yen on robust US economic data.
The Nikkei 225 index at the Tokyo Stock Exchange rose 158.94 points to 15,817.14 at the start.
Investors also cheered media reports that Japan's national pension fund, the world's largest, decided to double its domestic stock holdings, while they seemed to shrug off poor data from Japan.
A raft of September economic data released early Friday were largely disappointing, including a 5.6 per cent drop in household spending, slower inflation and higher unemployment.
In a plus for Japanese exporters the dollar jumped against the yen Thursday after better-than-expected US economic growth data added to a boost from the Federal Reserve's slightly hawkish policy statement the prior day.
The US Commerce Department said the world's largest economy grew at an annualised 3.5 per cent in the third quarter on stronger exports and defence spending, beating a market prediction of a 3.0 per cent rise.
The reading fuelled speculation that the Fed could hike interest rates earlier than expected.
The dollar was at 109.32 yen early Friday, up from 109.22 yen in New York Thursday afternoon and 109.08 yen in Tokyo earlier Thursday.
A weak yen is good for Japanese exporters as it makes them more competitive abroad and inflates their profit when repatriated.
In New York on Thursday, strong earnings by credit card giant Visa sent its stock soaring by more than 10 per cent, almost single-handedly powering the blue-chip Dow index to a 1.3 per cent gain.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average finished up 1.30 per cent while the broad-based S&P 500 added 0.62 per cent.
Story first published on: October 31, 2014 07:30 (IST)

The 10 best foods for flat abs10 Foods for Fabulous Abs
Eat these foods to stay svelte, beat bloat, and feel great in your swimsuit all summer long!
TB and malaria kill more people worldwide than any other disease- as a country, India could do without Ebola. … More »
Who Knew? - Fri 21 Nov, 2014 11:51 AM IST
Let me take you to the peace and quiet of the tea gardens of Assam, Nilgiris, Darjeeling and Meghalaya, where every tea leaf is brimming with life of its own. Here … More »
Who Knew? - Thu 16 Oct, 2014 7:56 AM IST

Apple CEO publicly acknowledges that he s gayApple CEO publicly acknowledges that he s gay
Asian markets advance; Hang Seng  Nikkei jumpAsian markets advance; Hang Seng  Nikkei jump
Govt to save Rs 40 000 crore from austerity drive: NomuraHi Guest
Govt to save Rs 40,000 crore from austerity drive: Nomura
The government's austerity drive announced on Thursday would lead to a saving of up to Rs 40,000 crore (Rs 400 billion) or 0.3 per cent of the Gross Domestic Product (GDP) but poses risks to growth, Japanese brokerage Nomura has said. "On our estimates this would amount to a saving of Rs 35,000 to Rs 40,000 crore or 0.3 per cent of the GDP," it said in a note issued. The finance ministry issued a circular today instructing government departments to cut discretionary spending by 10 per cent. As ...

Why Mayaram was transferred 2 times in 15 daysWhy Mayaram was transferred 2 times in 15 days
Piramal Glass  others shut units after GAIL cuts gas suppliesPiramal Glass  others shut units after GAIL cuts gas supplies
Black money: Failure to ink tax pact with US may hurt IndiaBlack money: Failure to ink tax pact with US may hurt India
Daily Market Strategy - Beyond limits! New highs for market todayDaily Market Strategy - Beyond limits! New highs for market today
Will relaxed FDI in construction make housing cheaperGold Member
1 Followers
Main component of housing is land. There is very little land, which has infra facilities of good water supply, road net work & drainage,etc. Prices remain on rise.
9.00 AM Oct 31st

Main component of housing is land. there is very little land  which ha...Gold Member
1 Followers
Main component of housing is land. There is very little land, which has infra facilities of good water supply, road net work & drainage,etc. Prices remain on rise.
9.00 AM Oct 31st

Buy this stock .. it will very soon 150 level .. big news comingCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Hope for the best today....Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Gm  after a long time had to check is it a new member or u Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Turkey faces criticism over border controlOctober 30, 2014 12:48 pm
Turkey faces critics over its resolve to stem tide of jihadis
Daniel Dombey – Istanbul
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b9ed458a-5e94-11e4-a807-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tech Company Makes Gun That Could Help Prevent Police BrutalityCompany Makes Gun Tech That Could Help Prevent Police Brutality
Posted:
Updated:
10/24/2014  6:59 pm EDT
The California tech company Yardarm has engineered a gun for police that can track when and how they use their guns.   | Yardarm Technologies
reddit
Police may soon start using electronic guns that can track how, when and where the weapons are used, which could lead to greater accountability in investigations of police shootings.
The firearms technology company Yardarm Technologies has developed a new product that can record crucial information about when, where and how police officers use their firearms. This technology could be a welcome tool amid growing criticism of heavy-handed police tactics in the U.S., which were exemplified by the controversy around the police shooting of 18-year-old Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri, in August.
Yardarm’s new system can recognize and record things such as when the weapon is unholstered, when a magazine is inserted, when the first bullet enters the chamber and when and (roughly) where the weapon is fired, company spokesman Jim Schaff told The Huffington Post. Soon, Yardarm plans to give the gun the ability to know the direction and angle of each shot, Schaff said.
Why is it important to know this information? The system can provide an objective record of an incident in which a police officer used his weapon, Schaff said, which could be helpful in an investigation. He added that it "goes both ways" -- the data could also be used to exonerate an officer accused of misconduct, or to prosecute a criminal in a court of law.
“We’re there to show what happened, to make an accurate reporting of the event, so that it can be used as necessary after the fact,” Schaff said.
Earlier this month, the Santa Cruz County Sheriff’s Department and the Carrollton, Texas, Police Department began equipping some of their officers’ Glocks with the new technology, Yardarm stated in a press release Friday.
“We’re looking forward to what we believe law enforcement is heading towards,” Carrollton Police Sgt. Wes Rutherford told HuffPost. “We thought we might be interested in purchasing this in the future.”
Schaff added that the technology can be also be used to keep police officers safer. When an officer draws his weapon, for example, the gun will send an alert to the police command center and to nearby officers, alerting them to a potentially dangerous situation.
Yardarm does not manufacture an actual gun, but a two-inch long device that fits into the grip of an existing gun. That device detects the gun’s every movement through high-powered motion sensors known as accelerometers.
“It’s the same kind of sensor your iPhone uses to change the screen from vertical to horizontal when you turn the phone to the side,” Schaff said. “But ours is way more powerful.”
Currently, for the sensor to work, an officer must be carrying a smartphone. That’s because the device sends a signal through the officer’s phone and then on to Yardarm’s data servers in Washington and Texas, where the information is stored for future use.
The SENSOR can also detect, to a limited extent, where each shot is fired in relation to the shots that were previously fired. “If you fire a shot and then moved laterally ten feet and fired another, we’d know that you moved,” Schaff said. “But three feet? Maybe not.”
Rutherford noted that the sensor could be helpful in an event where an officer uses his gun on a civilian. “Whenever we investigate an officer-involved shooting, we look for every particular avenue that we can, to obtain the objective information, in order to piece together the whole puzzle of what happened,” he said. “So it could absolutely help, yes.”
One of the most recent major development in police officer accountability is the use of body-worn cameras by officers in several states across the country, a practice that has received greater attention after Brown’s killing. Studies have shown that when officers wear video cameras on their uniforms, they’re significantly less likely to use force in their interactions with civilians . Civilian complaints against officers have also been shown to drop when officers wear the cameras, suggesting that this kind of technology could save cities money by reducing litigation fees.
Dashboard cameras, which became popular in the 1990s , have also proven useful for providing an objective record of problematic encounters between civilians and police: Camera footage often helps cut through the he-said-she-said chatter that inevitably accompanies allegations of police misconduct.
But there is a welter of issues with police recording themselves on the job, including privacy concerns and the nation’s complicated patchwork of consent laws . Another problem is that video footage isn’t always as reliable as we think. “Sometimes there can be multiple gunshots and it will sound like one, because they cover each other up,” said David Harris, a law professor at the University of Pittsburgh and a police accountability expert.
For as long as police officers have carried guns, advocates have bemoaned the lack of data and accountability regarding police shootings. To date, there is still no official data on how many people are shot by cops in the United States every year.
Gun tracking technology like Yardarm's would add to the amount of data available to law enforcement officers and courts about controversial officer-involved shootings. Knowing where and when each shot is fired could bring greater transparency to investigations of these episodes.
In Brown's case, the version of events recounted by Darren Wilson, the officer who shot him, has at times been at odds with accounts from witnesses . But it’s not clear that the sequence of events would be any less hazy if Wilson had been using Yardarm’s technology.
“Cameras and sensors on weapons would represent a quantum leap forward in policing and accountability,” said Kirsten John Foy, a civil rights advocate who is also the Northeast Regional Director of the Rev. Al Sharpton’s National Action Network. “But technology has its limitations as well. You can’t understand a person’s intent, a person’s mindset, or the circumstances which that officer felt made it necessary to use deadly force. It won’t record those things."
"So I think we have to be mindful that policing is not just a science, it’s also an art form," he added. "And there are other factors that have to be taken into account.”
This isn't the first time Yardarm Technologies has attempted to develop a firearm to help address public safety issues. After the 2012 shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut, Yardarm set out to create a consumer "smart gun" that could be remotely disabled using an app. But the company abandoned that plan when it realized how politically controversial the idea was. Compared to the consumer market, Yardarm encountered much less resistance marketing its technologies to law enforcement, Schaff told HuffPost earlier this year .
CORRECTION: This article originally suggested that Yardarm manufactures its own firearm. Rather it makes a small sensor that fits into an existing gun.
Yardarm Technologies from Jim Schaff on Vimeo .
More:

Amazon s Jeff Bezos Is Still The World s Best CEO By One Measurereddit
Jeff Bezos had a bad week.
Calls to rein in the ambitious Amazon chief executive grew loud on Thursday after the e-commerce giant reported its biggest quarterly loss in 14 years , driven by the anemic sales of its Fire Phone, the company’s first smartphone. The losses were seen as proof of Bezos’ reckless obsession with prioritizing growth over profitability. The 50-year-old tech mogul was lambasted as a megalomaniacal “ Grinch ” who stole Christmas from a company so bad at making money that it’s “ not a real business .”
Yet, according to the November issue of the Harvard Business Review , Bezos is the best-performing CEO in the world. Despite the latest bad news, the venerable magazine stands by that assessment.
“People have bet against him over the years, and historically they’ve been wrong,” Daniel McGinn, the senior editor who profiled Bezos, told The Huffington Post on Saturday. “He definitely has a set of shareholders who have faith in him because of his ability to deliver despite a lot of doubt over the last 20 years.”
The Harvard Business Review compiled its list of top CEOs by comparing shareholder returns for S&P Global 1200 companies from each executive’s first day in office until April 30 of this year. Bezos won by a wide margin. Even if Amazon’s stock price -- which plummeted nearly 9 percent to $287.06 on Friday -- fell to $250, he still would have beaten runner-up John Martin, the CEO of biotech giant Gilead Sciences.
“He had quite a bit of leeway,” McGinn said. “He had such a big lead over everyone else.”
Amazon's stock tumbled after a disappointing earnings report on Thursday.
Profitable quarters are rare for Amazon, but the company generates strong revenues. Bezos’ strategy, which both befuddles and inspires investors, is to reinvest money to continually grow Amazon. A small online bookseller thereby became a video streaming service, a cloud-computing behemoth, a grocer and, most recently, a smartphone maker.
But the Fire Phone, unveiled in June, has flopped . A study published in August by the ad network Chitika, which measured web traffic from Fire Phones, found a paltry number of the devices were in use. In a conference call with analysts on Thursday, Amazon’s chief financial officer, Thomas Szkutak, admitted that the dearth of people buying the phone had cost the company $170 million in losses “primarily related to the Fire Phone inventory evaluation and supply commitment costs.”
“It’s not unusual for them to lose more money,” McGinn said. “It is unusual for them to miss a growth target.”
That doesn’t seem to worry Bezos, however.
“Even though we have significant revenues, we invest in so many new initiatives that in some ways we’re still a startup,” he told McGinn sometime before last week’s earnings report. “Volatility is part of being a startup.”
Bezos may be alone in thinking of the company as a nascent venture. Since going public in 1997, Amazon has grown so large and powerful that some have called it a monopoly ripe for a regulatory crackdown.
Still, even as Amazon stock takes a hit, the company is a lucrative investment by the Harvard Business Review’s methodology.
“If you could go in a time machine and go back to 1997 and you had the chance to buy stock on that day, would you do it?” McGinn asked rhetorically. “In financial terms, you’d still be many thousand percentage points ahead today.”
Amazon did not return a call requesting comment.
More:

Twitter Stock Plummets 14 PercentTwitter Stock Plummets 14 Percent
Reuters
reddit
(Reuters) - Twitter Inc's efforts to improve user engagement and growth rates are taking longer than expected to gain traction, prompting a wave of rating and price target cuts on the stock.
Twitter's shares fell 14 percent to a near four-month low of$41.80 in early trading on Tuesday. Up to Monday's close, the stock had already fallen about 24 pct this year.
The online messaging service, known for its maximum 140 character "tweets", said on Monday its timeline views per user, a measure of engagement, fell 7 percent in the third quarter.
Twitter's user base also grew at a slightly slower rate of 23 percent in the quarter, raising concerns that the social network was losing ground to new mobile services such as WhatsApp and Instagram as well as to bigger rivals such as Facebook Inc.
The company's user growth rate was 39 percent in the quarter before it went public in November last year.
"User growth is starting to decelerate faster than we previously expected," Nomura Equity Research analysts said.
"While we believe that ad demand continues to outstrip supply, deceleration in monetization on a year-over-year basis is happening sooner than we had expected," they added.
At least four brokerages cut their ratings on the stock, and at least 13 cut price targets.
"All of this (disappointment) is occurring despite almost a year's worth of user interface/product improvements that should have 'mainstreamed' the user value proposition," analysts at RBC Capital Markets wrote in a note to clients.
"We believe it could take much, much longer to prove out than we had assumed," they said.
RBC downgraded the stock to "sector perform" from "outperform", while Nomura and BofA Merrill Lynch cut their ratings to "neutral" from "buy."
Stifel Nicolaus downgraded the stock to "sell" from "hold".
"Our long-term estimates decline materially as slower user growth coupled with potentially unsustainable growth in ad prices eventually leads to significantly lower revenue and earnings estimates," Stifel analysts said.
Out of 36 brokerages covering the stock, 14 have a "buy" rating, three have a "strong buy", 17 have a "hold", one has a "sell" and one a "strong sell".
Twitter has been making significant product enhancements to expand its user engagement levels this year and has broadened its advertising capabilities over the past few years.
Twitter teamed up with France's Groupe BPCE [BPCE.UL] in October to allow the bank's customers to transfer money via tweets.
It also forged a partnership with Berlin-based audio-streaming service SoundCloud to allow users to play podcasts, music and other audio clips direct from their timelines, or message feeds.
"How, when, and to what extent Twitter is able to engage and monetize these users are some of the key pieces to the puzzle around how Twitter can expand its low monetization levels," Canaccord Genuity analysts said.
(Reporting by Rachel Chitra and Tenzin Pema; Editing by Feroze Jamal)
More:

FIIs raise exposure in IT  finance & pharma firms in Sept quarterE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Punjab National Bank shares fall as CMD demits officeE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Road Test and Review: Mercedes-Benz E Class 250CDIPrint
The E Class has been the rock-solid nucleus of Mercedes-Benz, with more than 11 million units sold globally and over 23,000 in India. Year after year, this luxury sedan epitomizes vault-like solidity and superior integrity. The fine blend of safety, comfort, performance and equipment has made the E Class a popular choice among luxury car shoppers. Staying true to its lineage, the 2014 E Class has been optimized to appeal to a larger crowd, with a hint of contemporary enhancements.
Design
Of late, Mercedes-Benz’ strategies are hugely aligned with and responsive to the contextual and cultural conditions of the target population. This situational appropriateness resulted in a dramatic shift away from the wedge-shaped design language across the model range. The E Class too received a design refresh in 2014, but in a way that doesn’t disappoint its loyal fans and at the same time attracts a larger, younger demographic.
The most prominent exterior styling change is a more streamlined front end that accommodates sleeker, single-piece headlamps with DRLs. The twin-slat grille houses a commanding, illuminated three-pointed star that turns many heads at night. The well-sculpted sides flaunt more neatly styled lines. 18-inch alloy wheels neatly fill the wheel arches and provide a clear view of the massive disc brakes. The design of the taillights remains the same, but the horizontally structured LED taillights with new two-tone look emphasize the width of the car. The twin exhaust pipes are sleeker and the chrome treatment between them underscores elegance.
Interior
Once in the driver’s seat, it's easy to forget you're piloting something that's nearly 5 metres long and 2 metres wide until you look into the mirror and see the vast expanse of seating behind you. The voluminous cabin flaunts materials that are pleasing to behold and touch. The rustic dashboard with real, unpolished Oakwood and aluminum create a calming ambiance. The centre console houses the familiar COMAND infotainment system with the rotary controller and integrated colour display, and an elegant analogue clock. The large storage compartments and cupholders are tidily hidden using soft-closing lids.
Rear seats are explicably spacious and have the added comfort of temperature adjustable rear AC vents – two in the middle and two on the pillars. However, the large transmission tunnel could make the third occupant’s life miserable.
Be it electric seats, power tilt and telescopic steering column, dual zone climate control, adaptive headlights or rear windscreen blinds, I could hardly find anything that needs to be manually operated in the E Class. Moreover, the Intelligent Assist System comprising Eco Start Stop, Intelligent Lighting System, Active Park Assist with Reversing camera, Attention Assist, COMAND online, Tyre pressure loss warning system, Hill Start Assist, Adaptive Brake Light with HOLD function etc makes the E Class an easy car to live with. 540 liters boot size is a benchmark in the segment, that too with a full size spare wheel and an air pump tucked underneath it.
Performance
The upmarket character of the E Class is slightly ruined when you twist the key and the 2143 cc V4 motor rattles into life. The engine, however, quietens down as the car gathers speed and drones on the highway. The 2.2-litre unit develops 204bhp of power and 500 Nm of torque to accelerate the car from 0-100kmph in just 7.5 seconds and on to a top speed of 242 km/hr. Power delivery is quick but linear, with no hint of turbo lag.
The 7-speed automatic transmission is not the best in business but during the test drive, it was fairly keen to respond to throttle inputs. Although paddle shifters are provided to please those wanting to row their own gears, I never felt the need to use them.
Two transmission modes – E and S – alters shift mapping, where Sport mode appeases the enthusiast and Economy mode offers maximum efficiency. In the Economy mode, the car can saunter along at 120km/h at around 1500rpm, returning an excellent mileage of over 13kmpl.
Ride and Handling
The very first pothole you take is sufficient to make you fall for this car. The suspension’s suppleness wonderfully absorbs bumps and cracks, and shields the occupants from the vicissitudes of road irregularities. The new ‘direct control’ suspension has improved handling as well, and the E Class displays impressive body control on most surfaces. Light steering makes for easy going around town and it weighs up remarkably as speeds rise. Overall, the E Class cocoons the passengers in and insulates them from the outside world – well, that’s what makes it one of the most sought after luxury sedans in the world.
Safety
A plethora of safety technology ensures you are ensconced in a very luxurious and safe place. Among the many safety features are front, side, pelvis and curtain airbags, PRE-SAFE, NECK Pro, ABS with Brake Assist, Acceleration Skid Control, Active Bonnet for enhanced pedestrian safety, Adaptive High Beam Assist among others. My favourite feature is the Attention Assist system that analyzes various driving parameters to find out if the driver is tired, then ask him to take a break. How cool is that?
Bottom-line
The E Class manages to walk that thin line between comfort and sport, a quality very few luxury mid-sizers can boast of. While retaining its core traits of refinement, performance and cutting-edge technology, the more youthful new avatar brings it to a wider audience than before. The E Class is, and always has been, one of Mercedes-Benz' best all-around cars yet.
Pagination

Daylight Saving Time 2014 Ends November 2  So Get Ready To Sleep Inreddit
There's no need to hit the snooze button on Nov. 2, because the end of daylight saving time will give you that extra hour of sleep you've been craving -- if you live in an area that observes the time change, that is.
Clocks will fall back to standard time Sunday at 2 a.m. Smartphones with automatic date and time settings will make the change for users; but people with analog clocks and watches will have to manually set their timepieces back an hour. (We suggest making the adjustment before bed on Saturday night.)
Daylight saving time is different for the Northern and Southern Hemispheres. While the Northern Hemisphere begins daylight saving time between March and April and ends it between September and November, the Southern Hemisphere does the opposite.
While much of the United States observes DST, a few places (Hawaii and most of Arizona, for example) do not. TimeandDate.com has a complete list of geographical locations that observe daylight saving time .
Back in 1784, Benjamin Franklin proposed the concept of daylight saving time , noting the challenge of getting people to rise an hour earlier than they're used to. However, he felt certain that people could adapt to the change. "All the difficulty will be in the first two or three days," he wrote, per Smithsonian Magazine.
In 1966, Congress passed the Uniform Time Act for time-zone boundaries. This standardized daylight saving time practices across the country so they would not affect public transportation schedules.
Over the years, this system of maximizing daylight hours was also touted as a way to conserve resources, particularly during times of war. But some, like Michael Downing, author of Spring Forward: The Annual Madness of Daylight Saving Time, argue that's no longer the case.
"As far as I'm aware, there is no longer much real reference to energy savings," Downing told National Geographic recently. "That issue seems to have entirely dried up, and people seem to have figured out that this really isn't an energy-saving project."
He said the argument in favor of time change links back to consumerism: "The sudden change seems to alert people to the possibility of being outdoors, doing things, and spending money. That's what's always been the trigger."
More:

HUFFPOLLSTER: How The Senate Polls Could Be WrongHUFFPOLLSTER: How The Senate Polls Could Be Wrong
Posted:
reddit
With the most crucial Senate races remaining close, we look at how the polling might be disproved on Election Day. National polls show little consensus on which way the political environment is moving. And campaign robocalls may be on the downturn. This is HuffPollster for Wednesday, October 29, 2014.
HOW POLLS COULD ERR - With less than a week remaining before Election Day, HuffPost's poll tracking model continues to report roughly the same forecast for control of the U.S. Senate as it has for the past two weeks: The polling averages show Republicans leading at least nominally in enough states to gain a 53-seat majority. The margins remain close enough, however, that the overall probability of a Republican majority is just 63 percent as of this writing. In other words, polling shows the Senate battle leaning Republican, but there is still a real potential that Democrats could hang on due to late shifts or polling errors. So how could these polling averages be wrong?
Randomness in the closest races - Combining polls, whether in a simple average or in a more complex tracking model, helps reduce the purely random variation inherent in all sample surveys, but doesn't eliminate it completely. That random noise comes not just from the number of interviews completed for each poll but also the myriad of design choices made by pollsters and modelers in combining the polls. RealClear Politics' Sean Trende examined polls back to 1998 in the FiveThirtyEight database and found that when the leader in simple polling averages was ahead by 2 percentage points or less in the final week of the campaign, they won only slightly more often not. As should be obvious, when the win probabilities produced by the HuffPost Pollster model stand near 50 percent, it means there's a close to 50-50 chance that the leader will lose.
Late shifts or 'momentum' - While significant late shifts in voter preferences are rare in general election contests, they are still possible, especially when the undecided percentage is large. A handful of critical Senate battlegrounds -- Louisiana, Alaska, Arkansas, Colorado and Iowa -- had shown trends favoring Republicans during September, but as HuffPollster reported on Monday , these patterns have mostly leveled off in October.
Some argue that these shifts are the result of an unfavorable political environment for Democrats, that previously undecided voters who disapprove of President Obama's performance have shifted to Republicans and that these trends will continue through Election Day. As FiveThirtyEight's Nate Silver and Harry Enten explained Tuesday night, however, "there simply hasn’t been any correlation from one [two-week] period to the next." Republicans have gained in some states, Democrats in others, but evidence of true momentum across the campaign has been rare.
Trends aside, the potential for late shifts is better when the percentage of undecided voters is larger (or, perhaps, when expressed support for a third party candidate turns out to be illusory). The HuffPollster model shows nearly 15 percent of voters in the Kansas Senate race still undecided, for example, roughly twice the number in other close contests. A decisive break among Kansas undecided voters could produce a result far less close than the current forecast.
The best evidence for the potential for true late shifts is from the voters who tell pollsters they are still totally undecided. Unfortunately, sample sizes are typically too small to allow any one public poll to provide a reliable read on their underlying attitudes. The massive New York Times/CBS/YouGov tracking poll, however, may be an exception. Their most recent wave appears to have interviewed well over 1,000 undecided voters in the six closest Senate races alone. The Upshot's Lynn Vavreck hinted on Sunday that an "analysis of undecided voters" may be coming this week. If and when it does, the data can shed light on whether a systematic late shift is imminent.
Polling error - The other possibility is that polls have been systematically off in 2014. As HuffPollster reported earlier in October, polling in the 2006 and 2010 midterm elections and the 2012 presidential election all understated Democratic candidates. A similar systematic misfire in 2014 could reverse Republican leads in a small handful of states, but it would require very close margins on the final polling averages. Despite a fairly consistent understatement of Democrats in 2006, 2010 and 2012, the polling averages HuffPollster examined erred in forecasting the ultimate winner in just two of 25 contests.
Nate Silver also noted that historically, "the direction of [polling] bias has been inconsistent, favoring Democrats in some years and Republicans in others." He argues that these swings occur because pollsters make adjustments to their surveys to compensate for the misfires, and points to the widespread move to incorporate cell phone samples into telephone polls as one such adjustment in 2014.
He may be right, but the approaches many pollsters are using to attempt to reach the cell-only population remain unproven and, effectively, experimental. Pollsters that use an automated, recorded voice methodology are barred by federal law from dialing cell phones, and many are relying on interviews conducted over the Internet to make up the difference. Live interviewer phone polls conducted at the state level in 2014 are mostly using samples drawn from cell phone directories compiled by data vendors -- methods that may have their own limitations.
More important, the missing cell-phone-only voters may have been only part of the problem. Another theory is that the questions most media pollsters use to identify likely voters missed less enthusiastic Democrats who ultimately turned out to vote. In some polls, that pattern was evident in sample compositions that understated non-white voters.
The state with the greatest potential to see a repeat of these problems is Colorado, where polls understated Democratic candidates by 2 to 3 percentage points the last two elections, and two additional factors could lead to a repeat in 2014. First is the unique challenge of reaching Colorado's Spanish speaking Latino voters , who tend to be more Democratic than those more fluent in English. Second, the state shifted to all-mail voting in 2014, with every registered voter automatically receiving a ballot via U.S. mail. Political scientists who studied similar shifts in Washington State found that a shift to all-mail voting produced a 2 to 4 percentage point increase in turnout, with the largest increases occurring among "lower participating registrants," in particular those who had previously voted only in presidential elections. In Colorado and elsewhere, these "drop off voters" are the primary targets of the massive Democratic get-out-the-vote campaign.
In a series of tweets on Monday, Monmouth University pollster Patrick Murray explained that his recent Colorado poll, which sampled using an official list of voters, found evidence of similar "increase in 'unlikely' voter turnout." He found that sampled voters who had voted in just one of the last four elections (based on their actual vote history reflected in the official records) were " 3x more likely to get thru [the likely voter] screen in CO than other states I polled."
Though polls may be understating Mark Udall's standing in 2014 as they did for Colorado Sen. Michael Bennet in 2014, a similar polling misfire might ultimately not be enough to save Udall, or the Democrats' Senate prospects. As Nate Cohn explained on Tuesday, "Udall trails in the polls by an even wider margin than Mr. Bennet did four years ago, and he’ll need an even more favorable electorate to defy the odds again." And for Democrats to retain a majority, they will likely need to reverse polling deficits in more states than just Colorado.
More on the potential for polling error:
-Jonathan Bernstein reviews the five states most likely to have a polling mishap. [ Bloomberg ]
-Eric McGhee says the polls are better than ever at predicting Senate races. [ WashPost ]
HUFFPOLLSTER VIA EMAIL! - You can receive this daily update every weekday morning via email! Just click here , enter your email address, and and click "sign up." That's all there is to it (and you can unsubscribe anytime).
FOX NEWS POLL FINDS DISAFFECTION, BUT TIGHTENING HOUSE RACE - Dan Blanton: "Enthusiasm in the midterm elections remains in the Republicans’ favor -- but the spread has significantly narrowed, according to a new Fox News national poll. Among likely voters, 45 percent of Republicans are “extremely” interested compared to 41 percent of Democrats. Two weeks ago, the GOP was up 15 points on that question….45 percent of likely voters favor the Democratic candidate in their House district and 44 percent back the Republican. This represents a four-point shift from two weeks ago, when the Republican candidate was up by three among likely voters (45-42 percent). It’s difficult to make a direct connection between generic vote results and individual races. " [ Fox ]
No GOP momentum? - Fox's findings come a day after a Washington Post/ABC poll found Republicans gaining on the same measure, taking a 6-point lead on the generic vote. As HuffPollster reported Tuesday, national polling has been inconsistent on whether Democrats or Republicans lead, and which way, if any, those numbers are trending. The results, however, largely show a closer race than in 2010, when Republicans led consistently as the party voters would prefer to represent them in the House.
The latest statewide polls:
Iowa Senate - Two new polls find slight movement in opposite directions: a Quinnipiac University poll released Wednesday morning finds Joni Ernst (R) up by 4, from a 2-point edge previously, while a Loras College poll Tuesday had Braley ahead by 1, from a tie at the beginning of October. Most polling has Ernst narrowly ahead. The Pollster model gives about a 2-point lead, with a 56 percent chance of winning. [ Iowa chart , Quinnipiac , Loras ]
Kansas Senate - A SurveyUSA poll released Tuesday night finds independent Greg Orman with a slight 2-point advantage over incumbent Sen. Pat Roberts (R), 44 to 42 percent. Their last look at the race, at the beginning of the month, had him up by 5. The majority of recent polling gives Orman a small edge: of the six most recent surveys, one has him up by 5, and three by 1 or 2 points, while one has it tied, and one has Roberts leading by 4. The Pollster model has Roberts and Orman effectively tied. [ Kansas chart , KSN ]
Georgia Senate - SurveyUSA also released polling Tuesday in Georgia, where it found David Perdue (R) leading Michelle Nunn (D) by 3 points -- a significant swing from the previous week's poll, which had Nunn ahead by 2. SurveyUSA credits the change to Perdue gaining dramatically among women, as well as solidifying his base vote among the GOP and older voters. The Pollster model gives Perdue a 58 percent chance of coming out ahead in November, but with about even odds that the race will go to a runoff. [ Georgia chart , SurveyUSA ]
LATINO INFLUENCE COULD BE FELT IN RACES NATIONWIDE - Latino Decisions' Matt A. Barreto: "The 2014 election is now a week away and almost all the attention on the Latino vote is in Colorado's Senate race. While other states with large Latino populations may not have competitive Senate races in 2014, the Latino population is not just a phenomenon in the Southwest. 14 years ago, the 2000 Census revealed quite clearly that the Latino population is spreading rapidly across the Southeast and Midwest. Including Colorado, there are six states in which the Latino share of the eligible electorate is larger than the current polling margin between the two candidates: Colorado, Kansas, Alaska, Georgia, North Carolina and Iowa. What's more, many of these states are undergoing rapid population changes with Latino registered voters growing by 438 percent in Georgia and 575 percent in Kansas from the 2000 to 2012 presidential election, according to Census statistics." [ HuffPost ]
RATE OF ROBOCALLS DROPS FROM 2010 - Pew Research: "Voters are reporting roughly similar levels of contact from political campaigns and groups as four years ago, with one notable exception. The share of voters who say they have received a phone call about the election has fallen 12 points since mid-October 2010, from 59% to 47%. This decline has been driven by a fall in the percentage saying they have gotten pre-recorded campaign calls, or robo-calls. Just 41% of registered voters say they have gotten a pre-recorded call about the elections, down from 55% in mid-October 2010….Voters report seeing or hearing fewer campaign commercials than at this point in the prior midterm. Still, 80% have seen or heard campaign commercials for this year’s candidates, including 44% who have encountered 'a lot' of ads." [ Pew ]
WEDNESDAY'S 'OUTLIERS' - Links to the best of news at the intersection of polling, politics and political data:
-Americans' fear of Ebola appears to be on the wane. [ WashPost ]
-President Obama's job approval rating has been steady across gender and race subgroups. [ Gallup ]
-Harry Enten still sees a chance for Bruce Braley in Iowa. [ 538 ]
-Molly Ball reports the Democrats' Iowa ground game may be falling short. [ Atlantic ]
-Taniel sees clues the outcome, but also much uncertainty, in the early vote statistics so far. [ DailyKos ]
-Dan Hopkins finds the incumbency advantage isn't what it used to be. [ FiveThirtyEight ]
-Eric Ostermeier examines whether the presidency can be a drag on a party's gubernatorial chances. [ Smart Politics ]
-Steve Koczela dives deep into the likely composition of the Massachusetts 2014 electorate. [ WBUR ]
-Charlie Cook defines what a 2014 "wave" would look like. [ National Journal ]
-Sean Trende puts the "Emerging Democratic Majority" theory to a test. [ RealClearPolitics ]
-Pollster Neil Newhouse is the most worried Republican in Washington. [ WashPost ]
-AFL-CIO political director Mike Podhorzer ponders the support Democrats need from financially stressed voters to win. [ CNN ]
-Derek Willis and Daniel W. Drezner have more on two political scientists facing backlash over an experiment in Montana. [ NYT , WashPost ]
-Drew Altman finds voters paying limited attention to the ACA. [ WSJ ]
-Josh Katz explains changes to the Upshot Senate model if Georgia goes to a runoff. [ NYT ]
-NPR ranks the best selling Halloween costumes. [ NPR via Flowing Data ]
Also on HuffPost:

Free Syrian Army Fighters Enter Kobani To Help Battle ISISFree Syrian Army Fighters Enter Kobani To Help Battle ISIS
 | By                                                                ELENA BECATOROS and ZEINA KARAM
Posted:
reddit
SURUC, Turkey (AP) — Iraqi peshmerga troops were cheered Wednesday by fellow Kurds in southeastern Turkey as the fighters slowly made their way toward the Syrian Kurdish border town of Kobani to try to break a siege there by Islamic State militants.
But the ability of the small force to turn the tide of battle will depend on the effectiveness of their weapons and on continued U.S.-led airstrikes against the extremists.
"We are waiting for the peshmerga. We want to see what weapons they have," said 30-year-old Nidal Attur, who arrived in Suruc two weeks ago from a small village near Kobani.
He and other euphoric Kurds waited for hours along streets in Suruc to catch a glimpse of the peshmerga troops they consider to be heroes. Most were seeing them for the first time.
After a rousing send-off from thousands of cheering supporters a day earlier in the Iraqi Kurdish capital of Irbil, the peshmerga forces landed early Wednesday at the Sanliurfa airport in southeastern Turkey.
They left the airport in buses escorted by Turkish security forces and were expected to travel to Kobani later Wednesday. Others traveled to Turkey in trucks and vehicles loaded with cannons and heavy machine guns. They crossed into Turkey through the Habur border gate before daybreak Wednesday and were driving about 400 kilometers (about 250 miles) to Suruc.
The peshmerga troops — about 150 in all — were expected to join up along the road to the Mursitpinar border crossing, where they were to enter Kobani.
Separately, a small group of Syrian rebels entered Kobani from Turkey on Wednesday in a push to help Kurdish fighters there against the militants, activists and Kurdish officials said.
The group of about 50 armed men is from the Free Syrian Army and is separate from Iraqi peshmerga fighters. The FSA is an umbrella group of mainstream rebels fighting to topple Syrian President Bashar Assad. The political leadership of the Western-backed FSA is based in Turkey, where fighters often seek respite from battle.
Kurdish fighters in Syria, known as the People's Protection Units or YPG, have been struggling to defend Kobani against the Islamic State group since mid-September, despite dozens of coalition airstrikes against the extremists.
It is not clear what impact this small but battle-hardened combined force of FSA and peshmerga fighters — and their combined weaponry — will have in the battle for Kobani. Kurdish fighters are already sharing information with the coalition to coordinate strikes against IS militants there, but the new force may help improve efforts and offer additional battlefield support.
Nawaf Khalil, Europe-based spokesman for Syria's leading Kurdish Democratic Union Party, said the peshmerga force was "symbolic in number" but their weapons will play a positive role in Kobani.
Syrian Kurds have begged the international community for heavy weapons — like the ones delivered by the U.S. and its allies to Iraq's Kurds — to bolster the outgunned defenders of Kobani.
Earlier this month, the U.S. dropped weapons, ammunition and other supplies for the first time following concern that Kobani was about to fall. That, along with daily U.S. airstrikes and a fierce determination by the Kurdish fighters, has stalled the IS advance.
"Kurds will remember this moment in history. They will speak of 'before and after Kobani' from now on," Khalil said of the peshmerga force's participation.
Emotions were high among residents of Suruc, a predominantly Kurdish border town, as people waited for the peshmerga in a square and along a main street, where police patrolled with loudspeakers.
"We are expecting them to go there and throw out IS from Kobani so we can go back to our homes," said Ahmed Boza, 68, from Kobani.
Another Kobani resident, 57-year-old Mohammed Osman, said: "We are waiting for the peshmerga because we (Kurds) are all brothers. We are all part of one whole. If one side hurts, we are all in pain."
The Islamic State group's offensive on Kobani and nearby Syrian villages has killed more than 800 people, activists say. The Sunni extremists captured dozens of Kurdish villages and control parts of Kobani. More than 200,000 people have fled into Turkey.
The coalition has carried out dozens of airstrikes against the militants in and around Kobani, helping stall their advance. The U.S. Central Command said eight airstrikes struck near Kobani on Tuesday and Wednesday.
The fighting in Kobani has deadlocked recently, with neither side getting the upper hand.
Under pressure to take greater action against the IS militants — from the West as well as from Kurds in Turkey and Syria — the Turkish government agreed to let the fighters cross through its territory. But it only is allowing the peshmerga forces from Iraq, with whom it has a good relationship, and not those from the Kurdistan Workers' Party, or PKK.
Ankara views the Syrian Kurds defending Kobani as loyal to what it regards as an extension of the PKK. That group has waged a 30-year insurgency in Turkey and is designated a terrorist group by the U.S. and NATO.
Kurdish fighters in Syria have repeatedly said they did not need more fighters, only weapons. Kurds in Syria distrust Turkey's intentions, accusing it of blocking assistance to the Kobani defenders for weeks before giving in to pressure and shifting its stance. Many suspect Ankara is trying to dilute YPG influence in Kobani by sending in the peshmerga and the Turkey-backed FSA.
The battle for Kobani is a small part in a larger war in Syria that has claimed the lives of more than 200,000 people since 2011, according to activists.  The conflict began with largely peaceful protests calling for reform. It eventually spiraled into a civil war as people took up arms following a brutal crackdown by Assad on the protest movement.
Elsewhere in Syria, at least 10 civilians were killed Wednesday when army helicopters dropped two barrel bombs that landed at a makeshift refugee camp in the northern province of Idlib, opposition activists said.
U.S. State Department spokesperson Jen Psaki said in a statement that the U.S. was "horrified" by the report.
"While we cannot confirm details, we've consistently condemned the Assad regime's callous disregard for human life, particularly its violence directed against civilians. The attack on the Abedin camp was nothing short of barbaric," the statement said.
Video posted online by activists showed bodies scattered among torn tents in a wooded area and civil defense workers gathering remains of the dead.
A car bomb exploded in a government-held district of the city of Homs, killing at least one person and wounding 25 others, a local official said.
___
Karam reported from Beirut. Associated Press writers Albert Aji and Diaa Hadid contributed from Damascus, Syria.
Related on HuffPost:

Yes Bank posts 30% rise in Q2 profit on fee incomeYES Bank posts 30% rise in Q2 profit on higher fee income
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 30, 2014  | 16:37 IST
Private sector lender YES Bank has reported a 30 per cent increase in net profit at Rs 482.54 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 on the back of higher income from fee and other sources.
The Bank 's net profit stood at Rs 371.13 crore for the same quarter in the previous fiscal.
Total income rose to Rs 3,337.97 crore in Q2-FY15 from Rs 2,947.39 crore a year ago, the bank said in a filing to the BSE.
Net interest income grew at 27.4 per cent to Rs 856.4 crore for Q2 FY15 with healthy growth in advances and expansion of NIMs (net interest margin) to 3.2 per cent from 2.9 per cent in Q2 FY14, the company said in a statement.
Also, the bank significantly reduced provisions towards bad loans to Rs 119.51 crore from Rs 179.12 crore a year ago as bad assets were controlled.
Bank's gross non-performing assets (NPAs) stood at 0.36 per cent of the total advances (Rs 222.4 crore) in Q2FY15, over 0.28 per cent (Rs 132.1 crore) a year ago.
Net NPAs were at 0.09 per cent (Rs 53.9 crore) during the quarter under review versus 0.04 per cent (Rs 19.4 crore) a year ago.
"...strong NII, and continued focus on revenue and business diversity leading to a stable increase in non- interest income (NII). The bank continued to deliver steady performance in Q2FY15 maintaining healthy asset quality with meaningful expansion in NIMs," said Managing Director and CEO, YES Bank, Rana Kapoor.

Richa Chadha s Swachh Bharat Mission on  Masaan  set  bans use of plastic on setsActress Richa Chadda is on a mission to not litter the ghats of Varanasi, where she is currently filming Neeraj Ghaywan's "Masaan".
By: Indo-Asian News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 30, 2014 2:58 pm
Actress Richa Chadda is on a mission to not litter the ghats of Varanasi, where she is currently filming Neeraj Ghaywan’s “Masaan”.
Richa Chadda has instructed everyone not to use any kind of plastic — bags, cups or plates — on the sets and has asked everyone to clean the whole surrounding area once the team packs up for the day.
Talking about the effort towards a clean India, Richa said in a statement: “It’s a very positive campaign, and although we consider the river Ganga holy, we provide only lip service to it’s sanctity. All the rubbish of the ghats finds it’s way into the river. I think if a small contribution from our end can make a difference, then why not.”
“This is in a way our initiative to clean India. Banaras is beautiful and I want it to be this way — untouched and clean,” she added.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi launched the Clean India Mission Oct 2 on Mahatma Gandhi’s birth anniversary to promote cleanliness and hygiene in the country.

Amitabh Bachchan wraps up  KBC 8  shootingPrint
"I don't read reviews (not taking away from the importance of reviews)," SRK told mediapersons. (Source: Facebook)
By: Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: October 30, 2014 3:50 pm | Updated: October 30, 2014 3:56 pm
Amitabh Bachchan has wrapped up the shoot for eighth season of his reality game show ‘Kaun Banega Crorepati’.
The 72-year-old actor finished working on the grand finale of the current season last evening, which marked his 602 episode of the TV series. Amitabh Bachchan took to Twitter to express his feelings on the show.
“The Grand Finale for KBC ends ! It has been an exciting journey.. I am informed this was my 602nd episode and 1040th contestant,” he tweeted.
The cast of ‘Kill Dil’, including Ranveer Singh, Govinda, Ali Zafar and Parineeti Chopra, was the guest at the grand finale.
“The excitement throughout the day for the Grand Finale for KBC.. great moments, and great camaraderie .. Govinda, Ranveer, on set,” Amitabh Bachchan tweeted. He also posted some pictures of himself with the ‘Kill Dil’ team.
Earlier in the day, the evergreen star took to sweeping the streets, showing his involvement in ‘Swachh Bharat’ campaign. He also collected garbadge.
“It was ‘Swach Bharat Abhiyaan’.. went on the streets and broomed and collected dirt to clean up the place. The ‘Swach Bharat Abhiyaan’.. personalised !! Let every one deserve to be involved..” he posted on his twitter page.

Titan Q2 Net Up 28% at Rs 240 CroreYou are here: Home Corporates
Titan Q2 Net Up 28% at Rs 240 Crore
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 30, 2014 18:47 (IST)
New Delhi: Tata group firm Titan Company Ltd today reported 28.57 per cent jump in net profit at Rs 239.98 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2014 on the account of sharp increase in jewellery sales.
The company had reported net profit of Rs 186.65 crore in the corresponding quarter a year ago.
Titan's net sales were at Rs 3,564.67 crore during Q2, 2014-15, up 55.66 per cent as against Rs 2,290.02 crore in the year-ago period, Titan said in BSE filing.
Commenting on the results, Titan Industries managing director Bhaskar Bhat said: "This was an extraordinary quarter for the company and we witnessed an income growth of 55 per cent on account of an encouraging performance by all divisions, especially the jewellery business where the accounts of our Golden Harvest Scheme customers had to be closed based on regulatory changes."
He further said: "We have also seen an improvement in consumer sentiments in the second quarter...All our brands will invest in new campaigns in this quarter to improve connect with the consumer."
During the quarter, revenue jewellery business by whopping 64.8 per cent to Rs 2,929.38 crore while watches business grew by 20.13 per cent to Rs 527.46 crore.
Revenue from other businesses comprising of eye wear, accessories and precision engineering businesses increased by 20.93 per cent to Rs 137.9 crore.
For the half year period ended September 30, the company posted a net profit of Rs 417.25 crore as against net profit of Rs 369.13 crore in the corresponding period last year.
Net sales of the company for the half year period ended September 30 rose to Rs 6,418.33 crore as compared with Rs 5,377.81 crore in same period in the previous fiscal.
Shares of Titan Company closed at Rs 420.05 apiece at the end of day's trade, up 2.18 per cent from their previous close on the BSE.
Story first published on: October 30, 2014 18:45 (IST)

Yet another hundred for YounisPakistan 304 for 2 (Younis 111*, Azhar 101*) v Australia
Scorecard and ball-by-ball details
Younis: first man since Herbert Sutcliffe to score a hat-trick of tons vs Australia. Accumulation, acceleration and domination. Younis Khan and Azhar Ali shepherded Pakistan to a dominant 304 for 2 on day one of the second Test in Abu Dhabi, where a confounded Australia's thirst for wickets went almost totally unquenched.
In their quest for a first series victory over Australia in 20 years, Pakistan's batsmen set down the most ideal platform possible, guided largely by the wonderfully correct and composed Younis, who became the first man to compile three consecutive centuries against Australia in 90 years.
It had seemed difficult to imagine that Australia's bowlers could look more ineffective than they had done in Dubai, yet the Abu Dhabi surface offered them still less to work with, and the search for skills of spin and reverse swing remained a fruitless one. After Nathan Lyon and Mitchell Johnson struck either side of lunch, Younis and Azhar added an unbeaten 208.
Michael Clarke tried every conceivable field setting, from an array of catchers in front of the wicket on either side of the batsmen, to the rare posting of a man at straight hit, prompting Pakistani queries about the legality of a fielder standing directly behind the bowler.
But the bowlers and fielders alike were rendered mere extras by the orthodoxy of Younis. Azhar offered a half chance to David Warner at slip from the wrist spin of Steven Smith but even that was a worry for Australia - Smith's turn and bounce is sure to perk up the interest of Yasir Shah . Clarke was reduced to bowling himself by the end, after the day had begun with news that the left-arm spin of Steve O'Keefe had been discarded.
The tour selectors Darren Lehmann and Rod Marsh had made two highly aggressive changes to the team that lost by 221 runs in Dubai, dropping Alex Doolan and O'Keefe for Glenn Maxwell and Mitchell Starc .
The daredevil Maxwell is expected to bat at No. 3 after Doolan's timid effort in the first Test, while Starc was included alongside Mitchell Johnson in the same XI for the first time since January 2013.
A win or draw in Abu Dhabi would deliver Pakistan their first Test series victory over Australia since a 1-0 home result in 1994, and the early exchanges suggested the second result may appear most likely. The pitch offered even less in the way of bounce or pace than Dubai's had done, and there was no new ball swing for Mitchell Johnson to exploit.
Mohammad Hafeez and Ahmed Shehzad were thus able to wander along without much urgency or anything in the way of alarms against Johnson, Starc or Peter Siddle , the ball seldom beating the bat and no appeals being raised by the slip cordon.
It took the introduction of Lyon to draw the first significant false strokes of the morning when he was introduced after drinks. Shehzad propped forward to his second ball, which did not spin as expected and the thinnest of edges was missed by Brad Haddin as the batsmen took three.
Missed chances have been an unfortunate recurring theme of Lyon's Test career, but this one was to prove less costly than others. Shehzad favoured the back foot after his earlier edge, and was pinned on the crease by the last ball of Lyon's third over for a clear lbw.
Australian relief to have taken one wicket was to be their isolated moment of joy for the session, as Hafeez and Azhar pushed on dourly to lunch. The posting of short covers, mid-ons and mid-offs and even a rare man at straight hit by Clarke said as much about the pitch as the scoreboard.
Hafeez was fluent and collected, and seemed set for a half-century when Johnson angled a delivery past him and extracted a thin edge through to Haddin. Azhar and Younis made very few errors during the balance of the afternoon, and by the interval had set down a fine platform for the day and the match.
Having chosen an extra paceman in heat hovering around 36C all day, Australia's over rate had been tardy, leaving 38 overs scheduled for a sapping final session. They would bowl only 36 before the umpires deemed the light to be fading, but in that time Younis and Azhar heaped 146 runs with only the slightest hints of trouble.
Younis' century was reached in a mere 128 balls, summing up the escalation of his technical and mental mastery over the bowlers following his dogged wrestle with them on the first day of the series. Azhar's took a far more circumspect 223 with only six fours - how Australia must wish for that kind of perseverance in their young batsmen.
Hours before at Cricket Australia's AGM, the chief executive James Sutherland had confidently predicted an Australian turnaround in Abu Dhabi. It will need to happen quickly.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Most Popular

Court upholds ban on liquor in KeralaCourt upholds ban on liquor in Kerala
KPM Basheer
A man laments over the closure of bars even as a protest gains strength in front of a beverages outlet in Kozhikode in August this year. S RAMESHKURUP
Shutters bars attached to 2/3 star hotels but allows those at 4/5 star facilities
Kochi, October 30:  
The suspense over the continued existence of liquor bars in Kerala has ended with the Kerala High Court partially endorsing the government’s liquor policy by disallowing the functioning of bars attached to two and three-star hotels, while, at the same time, allowing four and five-star bars as well as heritage bars to function.
In a long-awaited judgment, Justice K. Surendra Mohan on Thursday allowed 33 bars in the four-star category (apart from the 21 five-star and eight heritage bars which had already been exempted from its closure order). This means 62 bars attached to five and four-star hotels as well as heritage hotels wills stay. The nearly 250 other bars operating now on the strength of a Supreme Court stay would have to fold immediately.
The High Court has, with today’s crucial verdict, upheld in parts the Congress-led Oommen Chandy Government’s liquor policy. The government had, in August, asked all bars except five-star and heritage bars to close by September 12. This was part of its controversial liquor policy, the core of which was imposition of prohibition in phases over a decade.
Before April 1 this year, there had been around 730 bars (attached to hotels in categories starting from two star) functioning in the State, as well as around 350 liquor outlets run by the Kerala State Beverages Corporation and the Consumerfed. As the government had refused to renew the annual licence of 418 bars, mainly in the two-star category, citing poor standards, these bars have remained closed since then.
Dry daze
Following the announcement of the liquor policy, the government asked close to 300 bars in the three and four-star categories too to down their shutters from September 12. When the High Court refused to stay the closure order, the bar owners moved the Supreme Court which allowed them to function until the High Court single bench gave its verdict. Now that the single bench has given its verdict all those bars currently functioning, except the three and four-star as well as heritage ones, will have to close down immediately.
CM Oommen Chandy, reacting to the court verdict, said it was a vindication of the UDF’s liquor policy. He denied it was a partial setback to his government. V.M. Sudheeran, whose strong opposition to the reopening of the 418 substandard bars had prompted Chandy to opt for a much stricter liquor policy, said the verdict was morale-booster for the UDF. Justice Surendra Mohan had, in all considered 83 petitions submitted by bar owners as well as by pro-prohibition organizations and the Kerala Catholic Bishops Council.
The closure of the 418 substandard bars since April and the order to close the rest had kicked off intense political wrangling in Kerala. It also led to widespread discussions among the people, the media and public forums. The bars owners’ association has said they would go in appeal before a division bench against the single judge’s verdict.
(This article was published on October 30, 2014)
Related

Construction FDI: opening the doors to home developers  buyersWill bring relief to debt-laden developers, increase supply for home buyers
October 30, 2014:  
The amended foreign direct investment policy for the construction development sector, will benefit realty companies, particularly those with high debt, such as Unitech, DLF and Puravankara.
Home buyers will also gain as more foreign funds are invested in to the sector leading to increase in supply. This can reverse the current lull in new project launches.
Relaxed norms
The new rules are investor friendly on multiple fronts. For one, the norms on the minimum development area for a project have been relaxed. For serviced plots — where roads, water, drainage and other conveniences are available — the minimum land size has been waived, from a requirement of 10 hectares earlier. For construction-development projects, the minimum floor area is reduced to 20,000 sq. meters, from 50,000 sq. meters.
These changes will help stoke foreign investor interest in smaller projects and those in tier-2 and tier-3 cities. “The revised policy will first help investment infusion into housing development projects in suburbs and periphery of metropolitan locations as well as for niche housing projects in city centre locations of Delhi, Mumbai and Bangalore,” says Sanjay Dutt, Executive Managing Director, South Asia, Cushman & Wakefield, a real estate consultant. Shares of Mumbai based realtor HDIL shot up 6 per cent.
To boost funding to affordable housing projects, the conditions of minimum floor area as well as capital requirements are waived if at least 30 per cent of the total project cost is committed for low-cost affordable housing. To qualify as an affordable housing project, at least 60 per cent of the floor area must be used to build small homes (not more than 650 sq feet). The Government noted that enhancement of the affordable housing stock “is an urgent need” in order to stem the proliferation of slums in and around the cities. Shares of Mahindra Lifespace Developer, which has launched multiple affordable housing projects, were up 3 per cent.
The terms are further sweetened by a reduction in the minimum investment requirements. Investee companies are required to bring in an investment of $5 million, down from $10 million earlier. The move is aimed to bring in more investments into the sector that has seen a decline in fund flow after 2009-10. The lock-in period for investment has however not been relaxed from 3-years. Foreign investors can still exit earlier if the project is completed. The Government may also permit repatriation of FDI or transfer of stake before project completion on a case to case basis by Foreign Investment Promotion Board.
Benefit to stake-holders
As a whole, these changes could bring relief to debt-laden developers who have been hit by slowing demand, approval delays and rising interest cost. That said, realty companies may still have to brace for a slow recovery.
“FDI will not begin flowing within the next 24 hours. We foresee another 8-12 months for the decision to bear fruit,” says Shishir Baijal, Chairman & Managing Director, Knight Frank India, a real estate consultancy firm. Will this bring respite to harried home buyers? Fresh funds could increase supply and lead to lower prices.
Recent survey data from Knight Frank showed that expectations on new home launches dipped in the recent September quarter compared to the June quarter. Lack of new supply has been supporting prices in many localities. In markets such as NCR and Mumbai, it may take at least 6-8 months before transactions are likely to pick up.
For affordable housing projects, which were not attracting funding from local private equity firms, these FDI funds could boost launches. But besides these measures, reducing approval delays and rationalization of land prices are also required to make housing more affordable.
(This article was published on October 30, 2014)
Related

Sena still dithering on BJP tiesSena still dithering on BJP ties
Our Bureau
Party leaders not to attend Fadnavis’ swearing in
Mumbai, October 30:  
By Friday evening, a new BJP government in Maharashtra headed by Devendra Fadnavis would have been sworn in without anyone from the Shiv Sena being included in the Cabinet. This, however, does not rule out the possibility of the BJP hammering out an alliance with the Sena in the near future.
BJP General Secretary Rajiv Pratap Rudy confirmed on Thursday that none of the Sena MLAs will be sworn in on Friday. Talks with the Sena are said to be underway, but no decision is in sight before the swearing in.
The Sena, meanwhile, seemed to be vacillating between trying to put up a brave front while simultaneously heaping praise on it former alliance partner, apparently with a view to soothe feathers in the BJP camp.
While the party mouthpiece Saamana spoke about the BJP’s high credentials to lead the government, Sena leaders still maintained that since they have been embarrassed by the BJP, they should not be seen participating in the swearing-in ceremony.
Shiv Sena MP Vinayak Raut said on Thursday evening said that the leaders of his party have been “regularly humiliated by the BJP” and that such behaviour is “unacceptable”. According to him, if the BJP is not willing to accord due respect to Sena leaders, there is no point in them attending the function. He was addressing the media after meeting Sena president Uddhav Thackeray. He added that no further talks have scheduled between the parties.
At the same time, the Sena, in an editorial published in Saamana, said: “Devendra Fadnavis is going to become the Chief Minister of Maharashtra with the blessing of Prime Minister Narendra Modi.” It further said the BJP’s plan to run a minority government in Maharashtra “is not right nor is it constitutional”. Forming a government with the support of the NCP is also inappropriate, it added.
(This article was published on October 30, 2014)
Related

Centre eases norms for granting extension to top honchos of PSUs  public sector banksCentre eases norms for granting extension to top honchos of PSUs, public sector banks
Our Bureau
Ministries, Departments told to adhere to new time-line and procedural guidelines
New Delhi, October 30:  
The Centre, on Thursday, eased norms for granting extension to top officials of public sector units and public sector banks.
The new policy defines guidelines for extension of tenure of board level incumbents where vigilance clearance is not available.
The guidelines have been issued by the Department of Personnel and Training. Recently, there have been two cases where the Government has waited till the last day and beyond for vigilance clearance, before deciding on granting extension. Earlier this week, Chairman and Managing Director of Punjab National Bank KR Kamath was denied extension on the last day of his term, although he had slightly over a year before turning 60 years.
The Chairman of Airport Authority of India, VP Agarwal, completed his five-year term on December 31, 2013, much before his age of retirement, but was asked to continue before he was removed in January when the CVC’s denial of extension came by.
Timeline prescribed
Under the existing policy, in case the initial term of five years of a board-level appointee ends prior to the date of retirement, he/ she can be given extension up to the date of superannuation by the Appointment Committee of Cabinet (ACC). But, this comes with caveats: the person should get vigilance clearance and he/she should meet the prescribed performance parameters.
The new guidelines have prescribed a timeline for this action. It also states that no cognizance will be taken on complaints filed six months prior to the terminal date of the approved tenure.
It also says that the Central Vigilance Commission may give clearance within two months from receiving request from the administrative ministries. But, where there is delay on part of the CVC in meeting the timeline, merely on account of procedural reasons, the case of extension could be processed without waiting any further.
However, in case where CVC clearance is awaited, and there are cases/complaints pending against the officer, the administrative ministry will forward a proposal to ACC two months prior to end of the term with all details about complaints and comment by the concerned Ministry.
According to the DoPT memorandum, it has been frequently observed that there is a spate of allegations and complaints against board-level officials, whose names are due to come up for extension. Though it said that no cognizance should be taken on such complaints, it also said that such complaints should be dealt with as per the normal procedure.
“Disregarding such complaints received after the cut-off date at the time of deciding upon extension of tenure may not be of any serious consequence as the appointment can always be terminated at a later date if the charges are substantiated on the basis of an inquiry,” it said.
Strict adherence
It also advised all the Ministries and Departments to strictly adhere to the time-line and procedural guidelines stipulated above for processing the proposals for extension of tenure of Board level appointees.
(This article was published on October 30, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

RSS units meet Smriti Irani over education anomaliesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Israel s Netanyahu Fumes At Reportedly Being Called  Chickensh*t  By U.S. OfficialIsrael's Netanyahu Fumes At Reportedly Being Called 'Chickensh*t' By U.S. Official
Reuters
Updated:
10/30/2014 11:59 am EDT
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu delivers a speech at the Knesset, Israel's parliament, on October 29, 2014 in Jerusalem. An article published online by The Atlantic magazine quoted officials of US President Barack Obama's administration as calling Netanyahu a 'chickenshit' and attacking him over Israeli policy on settlement building in the occupied Palestinian territories. AFP PHOTO/GALI TIBBON        (Photo credit should read GALI TIBBON/AFP/Getty Images) | GALI TIBBON via Getty Images
reddit
By Jeffrey Heller
JERUSALEM, Oct 29 (Reuters) - An anonymous U.S. official's  reported description of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu as a  "chickenshit," or worthless coward, drew a sharp response on  Wednesday from the Israeli leader - no stranger to acrimony with  the Obama administration.
The American broadside, in an interview in The Atlantic  magazine, followed a month of heated exchanges between the  Netanyahu government and Washington over settlement building in  Israeli-annexed East Jerusalem, which Palestinians seek as the  capital of a future state in the West Bank and Gaza Strip.
"The thing about Bibi is, he's a chickenshit," the  unidentified official was quoted as saying, using Netanyahu's  nickname and a slang insult certain to redden the ears of the  U.S.-educated former commando.
"The good thing about Netanyahu is that he's scared to  launch wars," the official said, in apparent reference to past  hints of possible Israeli military action against Iran's nuclear  program. "The bad thing about him is that he won't do anything  to reach an accommodation with the Palestinians or with the  Sunni Arab states."
Netanyahu, the official was reported to have said, is  interested only in "protecting himself from political defeat ...  He's got no guts."
Israeli leaders usually do not respond to comments by  unidentified officials. But Netanyahu addressed those remarks  directly in opening a memorial ceremony in parliament for an  Israeli cabinet minister assassinated by a Palestinian in 2001.
"Our supreme interests, chiefly the security and unity of  Jerusalem, are not the main concern of those anonymous officials  who attack us and me personally, as the assault on me comes only  because I defend the State of Israel," Netanyahu said.
"...Despite all of the attacks I suffer, I will continue to  defend our country. I will continue to defend the citizens of  Israel," he said.
Such pledges by Netanyahu have resonated among Israeli  voters, even amid fears his strained relations with U.S.  President Barack Obama could ultimately weaken support from  Israel's main diplomatic ally and arms provider.
Some pundits predict an Israeli election in 2015, two years  early, speculation seemingly supported by the absence of any  strong challenger to the Likud party leader and increasingly  vocal challenges to his policies from senior ministers to the  left and right of him within the coalition government.
Economy Minister Naftali Bennett, whose ultranationalist  Jewish Home party belongs to the coalition but who has had testy  relations with Netanyahu, defended him on Facebook.
"The prime minister of Israel is not a private person. He is  the leader of the Jewish state and the entire Jewish people.  Cursing the prime minister and calling him names is an insult  not just to him but to the millions of Israeli citizens and Jews  across the globe," he wrote.
Israeli opposition leader Isaac Herzog sounded a more  critical note, telling Channel Two television: "Netanyahu is  acting like a political pyromaniac, and he has brought our  relations with the United States to an unprecedented low."
FRICTION
In a series of recent speeches widely seen in Israel as  setting the stage for a possible poll, Netanyahu has highlighted  growing security concerns in the wake of the July-August war  with Hamas in Gaza and regional unrest that has brought Islamist  militants to Israel's northern border with Syria.
Israel also worries that U.S.-led world powers will agree to  what it deems insufficient curbs on the nuclear program of its  arch-foe, Iran, in talks with a looming Nov 24 deadline.
Fears of a possible new Palestinian Intifada, or uprising,  have been stoked in Israel by now-daily rock-throwing by  Palestinians in Jerusalem amid Muslim fears of an end to an  Israeli de facto ban on Jewish worship at the al-Aqsa mosque  compound in the holy city where Biblical temples once stood.
Netanyahu has pledged to preserve the "status quo" at the  site, a commitment Palestinian leaders view with suspicion.
But drawing Palestinian outrage and a State Department  accusation that Israel was distancing peace, Netanyahu pledged  on Monday to fast-track plans for 1,000 new settler homes in  Israeli-annexed East Jerusalem.
Netanyahu described such criticism as being "detached from  reality," saying Jews had a right to live anywhere in Jerusalem,  regarded by Israel as its united capital - a claim not  internationally recognized.
Most countries and the World Court deem the settlements  Israel has built in areas captured in a 1967 war to be illegal.  Israel disputes this, and has settled 500,000 Jews in East  Jerusalem and the West Bank, among 2.4 million Palestinians.     (Editing by Dan Williams and Dominic Evans)
More:

Analyst Corner: Reduce on Sesa Sterlite  target R275  says Kotak Institutional EquitiesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Indian rupee drops to 2-wk low vs dollar after Fed sticks to low ratesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

US man wanted in police ambush is captured:PoliceA survivalist accused of ambushing two Pennsylvania state troopers, leaving one dead, was captured.
By: Associated Press | Pennsylvania | Posted: October 31, 2014 5:21 am
A survivalist accused of ambushing two Pennsylvania state troopers, leaving one dead and seriously injuring the other, was captured on Thursday, ending a seven-week manhunt for him, authorities said.
State police confirmed Eric Frein was taken into custody but released no details.
A federal law enforcement official in Washington said Frein was armed when he was captured by U.S. marshals on Thursday. The official wasn’t authorized to discuss the circumstances of Frein’s arrest and spoke to The Associated Press anonymously.
Frein is charged with opening fire outside the Blooming Grove barracks on September 12, killing Cpl. Bryon Dickson and seriously wounding another trooper.
Police said they linked him to the ambush after a man walking his dog discovered his partly submerged SUV three days later in a swamp a few miles (kilometers) from the shooting scene. Inside, investigators found shell casings matching those found at barracks as well as Frein’s driver’s license, camouflage face paint, two empty rifle cases and military gear.
Saying Frein was armed and extremely dangerous, officials had closed schools and urged residents to be alert and cautious. Using dogs, thermal imaging technology and other tools, law enforcement officials combed miles (kilometers) of forest as they hunted for Frein, whom they called an experienced survivalist at home in the woods.
They pursued countless tips and closed in on an area around Frein’s parents’ home in Canadensis after he used his cellphone to try contacting them and the signal was traced to a location about 3 miles (almost 5 kilometers) away. At times police ordered nearby residents to stay inside or prevented them from returning home.
Trackers found items they believe Frein hid or abandoned in the woods — including soiled diapers, empty packs of Serbian cigarettes, an AK-47-style assault rifle and ammunition and two pipe bombs that were functional and capable of causing significant damage. They also discovered a journal, allegedly kept by Frein and found in a bag of trash at a hastily abandoned campsite, that offered a chilling account of the ambush and his subsequent escape into the woods. The journal’s author described Dickson as falling “still and quiet” after being shot twice.
Police spotted a man they believed to be Frein at several points during the manhunt, but it was always from a distance, with the rugged terrain allowing him to keep them at bay. Police said he appeared to be treating the manhunt as a game.
Frein expressed anti-law enforcement views online and to people who knew him. His criminal record appears limited to a decade-old misdemeanor case involving items stolen from a World War II re-enactors event in upstate New York, for which he spent 109 days in jail.
Police found a U.S. Army manual called “Sniper Training and Employment” in his bedroom at his parents’ house, and his father, a retired Army major, continued…

Behind bloodshed in Bengal: restive Muslims moving from TMC toBJPSheikh Saukat Ali waits for his son Tausif’s body at Makra village on Wednesday. (Source: IE photo by Subham Dutta)
Written by Madhuparna Das | Makra | Posted: October 31, 2014 5:11 am | Updated: October 31, 2014 5:12 am
On Wednesday, two days after three people were killed in a clash between TMC and BJP workers in Birbhum, two separate corners in the district’s Makra village told two different stories. On one side, the relatives of 16-year-old Tausif Sheikh were waiting for his body to arrive from the morgue; on the other, a group of people were waiting to begin Mozammel Sheikh’s funeral.
Together, the two stories point to a larger narrative: The fallout at the grassroots level of, what villagers and leaders in the area say, is the political migration of Muslims from Mamata Banerjee’s TMC to the BJP in a large number of villages across Birbhum in the northern tip of Burdwan.
The local TMC leadership has dismissed suggestions of any such movement, claiming that only a “disgruntled section” of Muslims and “mostly the corrupt ones” have shifted to BJP. But Makra and neighbouring Parui — where the latest clashes took place — provide a window to this shift.
Sheikh Saukat Ali, 61, father of Tausif, explains, “This village, with 1,200 voters, was a traditional support base of Forward Bloc. However, in 2009, all of us joined TMC. This was one of the strongest support base of TMC under the Sainthia block. But in the past three years, we did not get our dues under MNREGA. The TMC panchayat members have taken away our job cards and bank pass books too.
Those who protested were tortured.”
Ali’s anger at the TMC does not end there. “There was infighting over sharing extortion money in the village, and resentment started brewing,” he adds. “We found that the minorities were being neglected by the TMC as they were by the CPM before. We needed a shelter. This July, all of us – barring 12 houses – in the village of Makra joined BJP.”
According to BJP’s Birbhum district president, Doodhkumar Mondal, “(Ali’s son) Tousif is BJP’s third Muslim martyr in Bengal. The region is witnessing a new political turf battle here.” All the “three Muslim martyrs” that the BJP is claiming as its own are from Birbhum: Sheikh Rahim who was hacked to death in Illambazar in July; Sheikh Emanul who was shot dead in Illambazar on October 9; and now, Makra’s Tausif Sheikh.
A cross-section of villagers and political workers at the panchayat level told The Indian Express that over 250 villages in at least 24 gram panchayats spread over three assembly segments of Birbhum – Sainthia, Rampurhat and Bolpur – have swung towards the BJP in recent months. Significantly, the three assembly segments are dominated by minorities, with Muslims constituting around 60 per cent of the population.
For the people here, the TMC appears to have morphed from being an answer to the CPM to become continued…

RSS meets HRD  tells Minister to correcthistoryPrint
RSS and its affiliates have been pushing for a revamp of the education system ever since the NDA came into power this year.
Written by Shyamlal Yadav , Liz Mathew | New Delhi | Posted: October 31, 2014 5:01 am | Updated: October 31, 2014 5:02 am
Senior representatives of the RSS and its affliliates in the education sector Thursday asked Human Resource Development Minister Smriti Irani to “correct” the history taught in schools to highlight Indian heroes, and the role played by Hindu culture and its leaders in shaping the country.
This suggestion was among the main points raised by 22 representatives of 11 organisations during their meeting with Irani at Madhya Pradesh Bhawan. According to sources, Irani did not promise anything in her response, and spoke only for about 10 minutes, but noted every suggestion and asked for written submissions in some cases.
This was the sixth such meeting between Irani and the RSS affiliates since May, and assumes significance with the government yet to decide on policy changes in the sector and with many crucial appointments still pending at central universities, IITs, IIMs and other institutions.
“The representatives told the Minister that the future generation should learn the true history of India. They said that what children are now taught is the version the West wanted India to learn. They felt that Indian children were not familiar with real Indian heroes. For example, one of them said today’s children knew little about national heroes from the south,” the sources said.
BJP leaders J P Nadda and Ramlal, and top RSS functionaries Suresh Soni, Krishna Gopal and Dattatrey Hosbale were among those who attended the meeting. One notable absentee was Dinanath Batra, who famously forced Penguin India to withdraw American scholar Wendy Doniger’s book “The Hindus: An Alternative History”. The organisation that Batra heads — Shiksha Bachao Andolan, created by an RSS affiliate Vidya Bharti – was represented by Atul Kothari.
The representatives also sought a revamp of the country’s education system, suggesting that the government needs to focus on “quality, competitiveness and affordability”. They also wanted the ministry to make education more “knowledge-based instead of information-based.”
They suggested a review of Jan Shikshan Sansthans (JSS), alleging mismanagement in these district-level resource support agencies. The Indian Express had reported on April 8, 2013 about how a quarter of these Sansthans, approved by the HRD ministry, belonged to leaders of key political parties or their relatives and friends from both the earlier NDA government and the UPA regime that followed.
According to sources, the RSS has grouped its frontal organisations under six broad categories — Arthik Samooh, Sewa Samooh, Shiksha Samooh, Suraksha Samooh, Jan Samooh and Vichar Samooh — to interact with the government and BJP. Organisations in these groups started their latest round of interactions Tuesday, with Irani attending Thursday’s meeting with organisations under Shiksha Samooh. RSS’s BJP liasion Krishna Gopal and his predecessor Soni have been a common feature in all the meetings.
“This is to give government continued…

 Austerity Drive Risks Fickle Growth: NomuraIron Ore Imports Surge as Prices Fall
Mumbai: The government's austerity drive announced on Thursday, would lead to a saving of up to Rs 40,000 crore or 0.3 per cent of the Gross Domestic Product (GDP) but poses risks to growth, Japanese brokerage Nomura has said.
"On our estimates this would amount to a saving of Rs 35,000 to Rs 40,000 crore or 0.3 per cent of the GDP," it said in a note.
The Finance Ministry issued a circular today instructing government departments to cut discretionary spending by 10 per cent. As part of these measures, it banned first class travel by government officials, meetings in five-star hotels, purchase of cars and froze new appointments.
Nomura said that the move may have been initiated as a precaution against potential shortfall in capital receipts, mainly disinvestment proceeds, where the government target is to raise 0.5 per cent of GDP or over Rs 43,000 crore.
Moreover, with reports saying that the government is looking at an additional capital infusion of upto Rs 11,000 crore into state-run banks, this could be undertaken with an eye on additional spending needs, it said.
"Overall, these measures reaffirm the government's commitment to fiscal consolidation and its ability to meet the budgeted target of 4.1 percent of GDP in FY15," it said.
However, the brokerage said that spending cuts pose "downside risks" to its GDP growth estimate of six per cent for the fiscal.
"Such measures are intended at promoting fiscal discipline, without restricting the operational efficiency of the government," a finance ministry statement said.
"In the context of the current fiscal situation, there is a need to continue to rationalise expenditure and optimise available resources," it said.
Story first published on: October 31, 2014 00:10 (IST)

How the Dow Jones Average Fared ThursdayThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Does the stairway to heaven go through the Eastern District of PennsylvaniaBy David Post October 30
A lawsuit brought against the members of Led Zeppelin on behalf of the heirs of Randy Craig Wolfe (aka Randy California), alleging that the iconic opening riff of Stairway to Heaven – a song that routinely shows up at or near the top of the lists of “greatest rock and roll songs of all time” for reasons I find completely mystifying – was copied from a song released by the band Spirit (“Taurus”) several years earlier is back in the news, the subject of a NPR story a few days ago (“Did Led Zeppelin Plagiarize ‘Stairway’? A Pa. Judge Will Decide”).  [In addition to a claim for copyright infringement, the plaintiff is also claiming for "falsification of rock n' [sic] roll history,” a cause of action with which I’m not familiar.]
The NPR story was a little weak concerning the legal side of things.  It spoke of the court deciding to “move forward” with the case, but all I can find in the docket recently is a motion filed a couple of days ago by the defendants to dismiss the claim on the grounds of lack of personal jurisdiction,   Worse, as it’s title (“A PA judge will decide”) suggests, it kept referring to decisions “the judge” is going to have to make, and how “the judge” will have to listen to the two songs and decide how similar they are; but the Complaint has demanded a jury trial and as far as I can tell that demand (to which plaintiffs are constitutionally entitled) has not been rejected for some reason, so “the judge” will have, actually, a much more limited decision-making role.
But beyond that, and putting aside the merits (or lack thereof) of the infringement claim (and the effect it might have on rock ‘n roll history), there is actually an interesting legal wrinkle here.  You might be wondering – isn’t there some sort of statute of limitations in copyright cases?  Can you really bring a lawsuit in 2014 arising out of an infringement of copyright alleged to have taken place in 1971?  The answer is: Yes, under our oh-so-generous copyright law, you can!!  There is indeed a statute of limitations for claims brought under the Copyright Act – 3 years.  But the Supreme Court just this past term (in the case of Petrella v. MGM) endorsed what it called the “separate accrual theory” applied to copyright claims, under which
“. . . when a defendant commits successive violations, the statute of limitations runs separately from each violation. Each time an infringing work is reproduced or distributed,the infringer commits a new wrong. Each wrong gives rise to a discrete ‘claim’ that ‘accrue[s]‘ at the time the wrong occurs.”
In other words, if (as alleged) Stairway to Heaven was copied from Taurus – if, in copyright-speak, StH incorporates a substantial amount of the protected expression taken from Taurus – the wrongful, infringing act is actually not the copying itself; there is an infringement each time “Stairway to Heaven” is publicly performed (on the radio, say, or in live performance), and each time a CD is pressed containing “Stairway to Heaven” on it, and each time one of those CDs is distributed to the public … because each of those would be deemed to be a violation of the copyright holder’s rights.  And each copyright infringement claim based on those infringements has a 3-year lifespan.   It means that an aggrieved plaintiff can only recover damages for the infringements that occurred during the 3 years prior to the filing of the lawsuit, all other earlier claims having been extinguished.  But – at least with a work as spectacularly popular as this one – that can amount to a significant recovery.
David Post taught intellectual property and Internet law at Georgetown Law Center and Temple University Law School until his recent retirement. He is the author of "In Search of Jeffersons Moose: Notes on the State of Cyberspace" (Oxford, 2009), a Fellow at the Center for Democracy and Technology, and an Adjunct Scholar at the Cato Institute.

Ferguson grand jury investigating shooting cleared of misconduct  prosecutor saysBy Kimberly Kindy October 30 Follow @kimberlykindy
The St. Louis County prosecuting attorney said Thursday that he has investigated accusations that grand jurors leaked information about their investigation of police officer Darren Wilson and has found no evidence to support these claims.
In a prepared statement, Robert P. McCulloch defended the integrity of this grand jury’s work and said that to suggest otherwise is “wrong, irresponsible and does a great disservice to the public.”
St. Louis County Prosecuting Attorney Bob McCulloch. (Tom Gannam/AP)
Specifically, McCulloch said his office investigated one accusation that surfaced on Twitter , involving a woman who allegedly said she knew a juror who told her there wasn’t enough evidence to “warrant an arrest” of Wilson.
McCulloch said the investigation showed the person’s Twitter account was hacked, adding that “the origin/author of the tweet is unknown. The owner of the account has no connection with any member of the grand jury.”
McCulloch also said that he has reviewed recent stories by news media that included information about Wilson’s testimony before the grand jury , physical evidence that was presented and eyewitness testimony that they have heard. He said the stories themselves dispel any notion that the information came directly from the grand jury.
He also said no one in his office has engaged in leaks and he criticized those who have disclosed information about the case to news media.
“As exasperating as I and others find the piecemeal release of information and documents, no information or evidence has been released by the grand jury, any individual juror or anyone associated with the grand jury,” he said.
Hundreds of protesters came together in St. Louis in a gathering dubbed "Moral Monday," to demonstrate against the recent fatal shootings of two black teenagers by police. (The Washington Post)
Kimberly Kindy is a government accountability reporter at The Washington Post.

The White House would be a tiny wing of Turkeys new presidential palaceBy Ishaan Tharoor October 30 Follow @ishaantharoor
Turkey's President Tayyip Erdogan poses after an official ceremony to mark Republic Day at the new Presidential Palace in Ankara on Oct. 29. (Umit Bektas/Reuters)
Turkey's President Recep Tayyip Erdogan this week unveiled his new palace in the outskirts of the country's capital, Ankara. The gaudy residence boasts 1,000 rooms and apparently cost some $350 million to construct. Its total area, according to the AFP , encompasses some  2,150,000 square feet. Unsurprisingly, such largesse has led to criticism.
Ahead of the complex's official unveiling, which took place on Turkey's Republic Day on Oct. 29, opposition politicians declared that they would boycott the event — one deputy said it made Moscow's Kremlin compound look "like an outhouse." It has almost 50 times the floor space of the White House.
Activists are also furious that the gigantic complex has been erected in an area that was supposed to be protected forested lands and led to a significant mowing down of trees. Mass protests last year against Erdogan's government were initially inspired by state plans to build a commercial development in a small park in Istanbul.
On the left, Google Earth image of the new Ak Saray in Ankara. On the right, the White House in Washington, D.C. The images are to scale.
Erdogan and his ruling Justice and Development Party (known by the acronym AKP) withstood a string of corruption scandals and triumphed in elections this year, which led to the then-Turkish prime minister taking up the role of the country's President. The opening of the new palace — dubbed the Ak Saray, or "white palace," but also a play on the ruling party's name — is rich with symbolism.
Controversy: #Erdogan unveiled his 270 million euros 1,000 rooms new presidential palace http://t.co/jTzEJMqXX6 pic.twitter.com/v32UjaICdc
— Thomas Seymat (@tseymat) October 30, 2014
The new structure marks a shift from the Canakya palace in downtown Ankara, which has been the residence of the Turkish president dating back to the republic's revered founder Mustafa Kemal Ataturk . Arguably, no Turkish leader since Ataturk has dominated the country's politics as much as Erdogan, who sees the new palace as an echo of the new Turkey emerging under his watch.
"The new Turkey should assert itself with something new," he recently told reporters. "The presidential office has been arranged in a very special way, we have paid particular attention to this."
Until now, the post of the president has been a largely ceremonial role, but under Erdogan it will clearly not be .
Turkey's Versailles, 1000-room Presidential Palace opens with controversy http://t.co/1FhLgusJgp pic.twitter.com/YZItPTfsMV
— Fercan Yalinkilic (@FercanY) October 30, 2014
The architecture of the palace is supposed to be a blend of modernism with gestures to Turkey's Ottoman heritage. Here's Erdogan himself on the structure's design :
We need to convey the message that Ankara is a Seljuk capital. We paid great attention to that. We paid attention to Ottoman themes in the interior, also adding elements reflecting the modern world. We had it constructed as a smart building. … [Such are] the requirements of being a great state.
The Seljuks were a Turkic tribe turned political dynasty that entered Anatolia beginning in the 11th century AD. They're considered the progenitors of the Ottomans, who would go on to build one of the most powerful empires in Europe and the Middle East that lasted until its collapse at the end of World War I. Turkey emerged out of the ashes of that empire and, under Ataturk's stewardship, went down a very different path: a secular nationalist state that looked to the West and rejected elements of the country's Muslim, Ottoman heritage.
Erdogan, who critics accuse of inspiring a creeping Islamization in the country, has taken pains to reclaim that legacy. In an interview in 2011 , he told me that it would be "self-denial" for Turkey not to embrace its Ottoman past. He went on:
We were born and raised on the land that is the legacy of the Ottoman empire. They are our ancestors. It is out of the question that we might deny that presence. Of course, the empire had some beautiful parts and some not so beautiful parts. It’s a very natural right for us to use what was beautiful about the Ottoman Empire today.
His new home does little to dispel the impression that he sees himself as Turkey's new Sultan .
Ishaan Tharoor writes about foreign affairs for The Washington Post. He previously was a senior editor at TIME, based first in Hong Kong and later in New York.

In his native Alabama  Apple CEO s announcement he is gay prompts discomfort for someIn his native Alabama  Apple CEO s announcement he is gay prompts discomfort for some
ICICI Bank Q2 PAT at Rs 30646.20 mnICICI Bank Q2 PAT at Rs 30646.20 mn
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | October 30, 2014 13:00 IST
Total Income has increased from Rs. 190155.80 mn for the quarter ended September 30, 2013 to Rs. 221503.90 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2014.
 
 
ICICI Bank Ltd has posted a net profit of Rs. 30646.20 mn for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 as compared to Rs. 26974.20 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2013. 
Total Income has increased from Rs. 190155.80 mn for the quarter ended September 30, 2013 to Rs. 221503.90 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2014.
Total advances increased by 14% year-on-year to Rs361,757 crore (US$58.6 billion) at September 30, 2014 from Rs317,786 crore (US$ 51.5 billion) at September 30, 2013. The year-on-year growth in domestic advances was 15%. 
The Bank has continued to see healthy growth in its retail disbursements resulting in a year-on-year growth of 25% in the retail portfolio at September 30, 2014. The retail portfolio constituted 40% of the loan portfolio of the Bank at September 30, 2014.
The Bank has seen healthy trends in current and savings account (CASA) deposits mobilisation. During Q2-2015, savings account deposits increased by Rs2,871 crore (US$ 465 million) and current account deposits increased by Rs6,440 crore (US$ 1.0 billion). The Bank's CASA ratio improved to 43.7% at September 30, 2014 from 43.0% at June 30, 2014. The average CASA ratio for Q2-2015 remained stable at 39.5%. Total deposits increased by 14% year-on-year to ` 352,055 crore (US$ 57.0 billion) at September 30, 2014.
The Bank's capital adequacy at September 30, 2014 as per Reserve Bank of India's guidelines on Basel III norms was 16.64% and Tier-1 capital adequacy was 11.98%, well above regulatory requirements. In line with applicable guidelines, the Basel III capital ratios reported by the Bank for September 30, 2014 do not include the profits for the half year ended September 30, 2014 (H1-2015). Including the profits for H1-2015, the capital adequacy ratio for the Bank as per Basel III norms would have been 17.41% and the Tier I ratio would have been 12.75%.
Net non-performing assets at September 30, 2014 were Rs3,997 crore (US$ 647 million) compared to Rs 3,474 crore (US$ 563 million) at June 30, 2014 and Rs2,707 crore (US$ 438 million) at September 30, 2013. The net nonperforming asset ratio was 0.96% at September 30, 2014 compared to 0.87% at June 30, 2014 and 0.73% at September 30, 2013. 
The Bank's provision coverage ratio, computed in accordance with RBI guidelines, was 65.9% at September 30, 2014. Net loans to companies whose facilities have been restructured were Rs11,020 crore (US$ 1.8 billion) at September30, 2014 compared to Rs11,265 crore (US$ 1.8 billion) at June 30, 2014 and Rs6,826 crore (US$ 1.1 billion) at September 30, 2013.

Bharti Airtel Q2 PAT Rs. 13 832mnBharti Airtel Q2 PAT Rs. 13,832mn
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | October 30, 2014 16:36 IST
Total Income has increased to Rs. 228617 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2014
 
 
Bharti Airtel has a consolidated posted a net profit of Rs. 13832 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 as compared to Rs. 5120 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2013.
Total Income has increased from Rs. 213428 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2013 to Rs. 228617 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2014.
The Company has posted a standalone net profit of Rs. 49373 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 as compared to Rs. 17844 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2013. Total Income has increased from Rs. 127824 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2013 to Rs. 167336 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2014.
Africa revenues grew by 6.4% in local currency terms, but the USD appreciation depressed the reported growth to 1.9% Y-o-Y. Data revenues stood at $ 115 Mn with growth of 56.8% Y-o-Y, led by increase in data customer base by 50.4% and higher usage per customer by 24.5%. Data revenues contribute to 10.1% of overall Africa revenues vis-?-vis 6.6% in the corresponding quarter last year. Active Airtel Money customers have risen to 5.3 Mn with the total value of transactions on the Airtel money platform crossing $ 3.3 Bn during the quarter. 
Consolidated EBITDA at Rs 7,705 crore grew by 12.1% Y-o-Y, with margin expanding by 1.5% to 33.7%. The resultant consolidated EBIT of Rs 3,852 crore represents a Y-o-Y growth of 31.3%, with EBIT margin improving by 3.1%. Improved operational efficiency, lower forex & derivative losses in the current quarter and higher MTM losses on investment in the corresponding quarter last year have resulted in consolidated Net Income growing by 170.2% Y-o-Y to Rs 1,383 crore. This is the highest quarterly profit since March 2011. 
Consequent to an addition of Rs 6,445 crore of deferred payment liabilities for the 2G spectrum, the Company's consolidated net debt has increased to $ 10,098 Mn and the Net Debt to EBITDA ratio (LTM) has moved marginally to 2.06 times from 2.04 in the previous quarter. 
In a statement, Mr. Gopal Vittal, MD and CEO, India & South Asia, said, "Airtel's revenue growth in India has further accelerated to 12.3% in Q2. We continue to see strong momentum in mobile data which has grown by 74% in this quarter. Airtel's pioneering 4G roll-out in 15 cities is now witnessing stronger customer acceptance. On the regulatory front, the recent TRAI recommendations on making more contiguous spectrum available in the upcoming auctions have the potential of transforming the industry. We believe that this is critical to realise the exciting vision of "Digital India" that the Government has articulated". 

Glenmark Pharma Q2 net profit at Rs1650.78 mnGlenmark Pharma Q2 net profit at Rs1650.78 mn
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | October 30, 2014 16:48 IST
Total Income has increased from Rs. 14767.84 mn for the quarter ended September 30, 2013 to Rs. 16816.78 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2014.
 
 
Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Ltd posted a net profit/(loss) after taxes, minority interest and share in profit/(loss) of associates of Rs. 1650.78 mn for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 as compared to Rs. 1542.97 mn for the quarter ended September 30, 2013. 
Total Income has increased from Rs. 14767.84 mn for the quarter ended September 30, 2013 to Rs. 16816.78 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2014.
India
Sales for the formulation business in India for the second quarter ended September 30, 2014, was at Rs. 4,781.50 Mn (USD 78.98 Mn) as against Rs. 4,176.80 Mn (USD 67.51 Mn) in the previous corresponding quarter, recording a growth of 14.48%.
As per IMS MAT September 2014, Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Ltd. maintained 19th rank as compared to MAT September 2013, exhibiting value growth of 19.3% vis-?-vis IPM growth of 11.60%. For the month September 2014, the business registered growth of 27.20% vis-a-vis market growth of 15.50%.
The India business strengthened itself in the following therapeutic segments with significant growth in market share from IMS MAT September 2013 to MAT September 2014 respectively. The Cardiac segment market share increased from 3.50% to 3.81%; the Respiratory segment market share rose from 3.46% to 3.59%; Anti-infective segment market share rose from 1.57% to 1.79%; the Anti-diabetic segment market share rose from 1.40% to 1.85%; Gynaecology segment market share rose from 1.45% to 1.47%; and the Derma segment market share changed from 8.26% to 8.07%. USA Formulations
Glenmark Generics Inc., U.S.A. registered revenue from sale of finished dosage formulations was Rs. 5,075.51 Mn (USD 83.76 Mn) for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 against revenue of Rs. 5,578.60 Mn (USD 90.09 Mn) for the previous corresponding quarter, recording a decrease of 9.02% .
In the second quarter of fiscal year 2015, Glenmark was granted a final approval for Telmisartan Tablets - 20 mg, 40 mg and 80 mg and Fluocinonide Cream USP, 0.1%. During the quarter, Glenmark filed one ANDA with the U.S. FDA, and plans to file four additional applications in the forthcoming quarter. During the first six months of the financial year, Glenmark has filed for 11 ANDAs.
As of September 30, 2014 Glenmark's portfolio consists of 93 generic products authorized for distribution in the U.S. market. The Company currently has 72 applications pending in various stages of the approval process with the US FDA, of which 30 are Paragraph IV applications.
Africa, Asia and CIS Region (ROW)
For the second quarter, revenue from Africa, Asia and CIS region was Rs. 1,740.30 Mn (USD 28.67 Mn) as against Rs. 1,739.65 Mn (USD 26.70 Mn) for the previous corresponding quarter, recording an increase of 0.04%.
Though Glenmark Russia performed reasonably well in the local market, the devaluation of the currency and the subdued business environment is having an overall impact on the Russia business. Glenmark continues to do well as reported by IMS. As per IMS YTD August 2014, Glenmark Russia grew by 21.4% in value vs overall market growth of 11.8%. As per IMS YTD August 2014 Glenmark Russia growth in the dermatology segment was 31.7% in value vs 13.3% derma market growth. During the quarter, Glenmark launched Kerwort (imiquimod) and Sertamykol (sertaconazole). These are two important product launches and as these products ramp up, it will enable the Russia business to record good growth in the following financial year. The Ukraine business even though it's a very small portion of the overall ROW business was impacted severely due to the economic crisis and devaluation of the Ukraine currency. Glenmark launched two new products in Ukraine during the quarter.
The Africa region posted good secondary sales growth and performed well in the second quarter. The units in South Africa, Nigeria and Kenya grew by 67%, 54% and 82% respectively.
The Asia region grew 12% in secondary sales. The performance of the Asia region was subdued during the quarter. Glenmark received 6 product approvals in the region including Combiwave SF, an inhaler product which was approved in Malaysia.
Europe Formulations
Glenmark Europe's operations revenue for the second quarter ended September 30, 2014 was at Rs. 1,305.53 Mn (USD 21.57 Mn) as against Rs. 1,043.90 Mn (USD 16.97 Mn) recording growth of 25.06%.
The UK region achieved remarkable sales growth of over 50% via increasing the sales portfolio and effectiveness of account management despite the lack of new launches and price cuts. Glenmark launched three new products during this quarter.

Maruti Suzuki Q2 PAT at Rs. 8.63bnMaruti Suzuki Q2 PAT at Rs. 8.63bn
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | October 30, 2014 13:40 IST
The Company sold a total of 621,792 vehicles in H1 a growth of 14.7%. Of this, exports were at 63,462 units, a growth of 15.2%
 
 
Maruti Suzuki reported net profit at Rs. 8.62 billion as against Rs. 6.70 billion the same quarter in the previous fiscal.
 
During the period under review, the total income increased to Rs.123.03 billion as against Rs. 104.68 billion.
 
The Company sold a total of 321,898 vehicles in Q2, a growth of 16.8%. Of this, exports were at 34,211 units. Its net sales was Rs 119,963 million, a growth of 17.5% over the same period of the previous year.
 
The Company sold a total of 621,792 vehicles in H1 a growth of 14.7%. Of this, exports were at 63,462 units, a growth of 15.2%.
 
The Company's net sales was Rs 230,698 million in April-September 2014, a growth of 14.2 per cent over the same period last year.
 
Net profit stood at Rs 16,248 million, up 24.8 per cent.
 
Higher volume contributed to profits. Cost reduction initiatives helped to mitigate increase in raw material costs.
 
The Board of Directors considered the matter and decided to recommend an increase in the FII limit to 40%, broadly the level of public shareholding in the stock. This is subject to shareholder approval in a general meeting and subsequently request to RBI for notification.
Enter the characters shown in the image.
 
When It's About Money: Don't just save for your child's education
India Infoline News Service / 08:59, Sep 15, 2014
Many a times parents overlook other goals as they are too busy focusing on just one goal, that is on their child's education. They are too emotionally involved in achieving this particular goal that they forget planning for their retirement and saving for other emergencies.
Sunday, 07 December 2014 11:27 IST
Connect with IIFL :
Accountancy Advertising Budget Commerce Derivatives Economics Finance General Mgmt. HR Mgmt. IT Marketing Material Mgmt.
Stocks:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Mutual Funds:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Insurance:
Disclaimer Disclaimer - Research Disclaimer - Discussion Boards Disclaimer - Chat Disclaimer - Twitter Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
ATTENTION INVESTORS - "Prevent Unauthorized Transactions in your demat / trading account --> Update your Mobile Number/ email Id with your stock broker / Depository Participant. Receive information of your transactions directly from Exchanges on your mobile / email at the end of day and alerts on your registered mobile for all debits and other important transactions in your demat account directly from NSDL/ CDSL on the same day." - Issued in the interest of investors.
"KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary."
www.indiainfoline.com is part of the IIFL Group, a leading financial services player and a diversified NBFC. The site provides comprehensive and real time information on Indian corporates, sectors, financial markets and economy. On the site we feature industry and political leaders, entrepreneurs, and trend setters. The research, personal finance and market tutorial sections are widely followed by students, academia, corporates and investors among others.
Copyright © India Infoline Ltd. All rights Reserved.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. SEBI Regn. No. : INB231097537/ INF231097537/ INE231097537,
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.:INB011097533/ INF011097533/ INE011097533,
MCX Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INB261097530/ INF261097530/ INE261097537,
United Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INE271097532,
5

HCC Q2 PAT at Rs68mnHCC Q2 PAT at Rs68mn
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | October 30, 2014 16:11 IST
Total Income has decreased from Rs. 10053.50 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2013 to Rs. 9627.10 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2014.
 
 
Hindustan Construction Company Ltd has posted a net profit of Rs. 67.60 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 as compared to Rs. 316.00 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2013. 
Total Income has decreased from Rs. 10053.50 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2013 to Rs. 9627.10 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2014.
Financial highlights - HCC unaudited results
For the quarter ended September 30, 2014
Turnover at Rs 958.9 crore against Rs 908.7 crore on YOY basis
Operating Profit at Rs 174.7 crore compared to Rs 89.4 crore on YOY basis
EBIDTA margins at 18.8% compared to 10% on YOY basis
Net Profit of Rs 6.8 crore compared to Rs 31.6 crore on YOY basis
Current order book at Rs 13,679 crore, excluding L1 contracts worth Rs 2,372 crore
Commenting on the company's performance, Praveen Sood, Group CFO said, "The performance is to be viewed keeping in mind that extra ordinary flood affected operations at Jammu & Kashmir, where the company is executing major projects. However, sustained and focused efforts to improve its operational efficiency helped in maintaining the turnover growth in spite of this setback. The company is fully geared to take up new projects to be announced by the government. HCC will further aim at consolidating its financial parameters in the coming quarters."
Enter the characters shown in the image.
 
When It's About Money: Don't just save for your child's education
India Infoline News Service / 08:59, Sep 15, 2014
Many a times parents overlook other goals as they are too busy focusing on just one goal, that is on their child's education. They are too emotionally involved in achieving this particular goal that they forget planning for their retirement and saving for other emergencies.
Sunday, 07 December 2014 11:27 IST
Connect with IIFL :
Accountancy Advertising Budget Commerce Derivatives Economics Finance General Mgmt. HR Mgmt. IT Marketing Material Mgmt.
Stocks:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Mutual Funds:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Insurance:
Disclaimer Disclaimer - Research Disclaimer - Discussion Boards Disclaimer - Chat Disclaimer - Twitter Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
ATTENTION INVESTORS - "Prevent Unauthorized Transactions in your demat / trading account --> Update your Mobile Number/ email Id with your stock broker / Depository Participant. Receive information of your transactions directly from Exchanges on your mobile / email at the end of day and alerts on your registered mobile for all debits and other important transactions in your demat account directly from NSDL/ CDSL on the same day." - Issued in the interest of investors.
"KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary."
www.indiainfoline.com is part of the IIFL Group, a leading financial services player and a diversified NBFC. The site provides comprehensive and real time information on Indian corporates, sectors, financial markets and economy. On the site we feature industry and political leaders, entrepreneurs, and trend setters. The research, personal finance and market tutorial sections are widely followed by students, academia, corporates and investors among others.
Copyright © India Infoline Ltd. All rights Reserved.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. SEBI Regn. No. : INB231097537/ INF231097537/ INE231097537,
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.:INB011097533/ INF011097533/ INE011097533,
MCX Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INB261097530/ INF261097530/ INE261097537,
United Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INE271097532,
5

Maine Gov. Sends State Police To Enforce Ebola Quarantinereddit
Maine Gov. Paul LePage has sent state law enforcement to the home of nurse Kaci Hickox, USA Today reported Wednesday.
Earlier Wednesday, LePage said he would seek out the support of state police to keep the nurse, who recently returned to the United States from treating Ebola patients in West Africa, in isolation. According to USA Today, state police cars are now stationed outside Hickox's home.
State police sent to home of Maine #Ebola nurse under forced isolation http://t.co/70ljiir1HW pic.twitter.com/GS65vQFF2G
— KGW News (@KGWNews) October 29, 2014
The Associated Press reported earlier:
FORT KENT, Maine (AP) — A nurse who treated Ebola patients in West Africa said Wednesday that she plans to stop quarantining herself in her home in rural Maine, signaling a potential showdown with state police monitoring her movements and state officials preparing to legally enforce the quarantine.
Kaci Hickox told NBC's "Today" show and ABC's "Good Morning America" that she was abiding by the state's voluntary quarantine by having no contact with people Tuesday and Wednesday. But she said she will defy the state if the policy isn't changed by Thursday.
"I don't plan on sticking to the guidelines," Hickox said on "Today." ''I remain appalled by these home quarantine policies that have been forced upon me even though I am in perfectly good health."
Her lawyer told The Associated Press that Hickox, who's shown no symptoms of Ebola, isn't willing to cooperate further unless the state lifts "all or most of the restrictions." The governor said Wednesday he was seeking legal authority to keep her in isolation.
"We hoped that the health care worker would voluntarily comply with these protocols, but this individual has stated publicly she will not abide by the protocols. We are very concerned about her safety and health and that of the community," said Gov. Paul LePage, who canceled his campaign events to follow the developments.
Hickox, who volunteered in Sierra Leone with Doctors Without Borders, was the first person forced into New Jersey's mandatory quarantine for people arriving at Newark Liberty International Airport from three West African countries.
New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo were sharply criticized for ordering mandatory quarantines as Hickox spent the weekend in a tent. Now in Maine, Hickox arrived Tuesday night at the off-campus home of her boyfriend, who's a senior nursing student at the University of Maine at Fort Kent.
"I am not going to sit around and be bullied by politicians and forced to stay in my home when I am not a risk to the American public," she said.
Fort Kent is in far northern Maine, across the river from Canada, and has 4,300 residents. About 1,000 students attend the university there.
Across the country, litigation seems unavoidable as health officials grapple with how to manage public health concerns once Ebola reached the U.S.
Some states, including Maine, are going above and beyond guidelines from the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, which recommend only regular monitoring — not quarantine — for health care workers who have come into contact with Ebola patients.
LePage commended all health care workers who have volunteered in Africa to treat Ebola patients and said he had hoped Hickox would voluntarily comply with Maine's restrictions.
"While we certainly respect the rights of one individual, we must be vigilant in protecting 1.3 million Mainers, as well as anyone who visits our great state," he said.
Norman Siegel, one of Hickox's lawyers, said he remained hopeful the state will ease its restrictions. If not, then the state would have to go to court, and he would challenge the state's action.
"Our position is very simple. There's no justification for the state of Maine to quarantine her. She has no symptoms and therefore she's not contagious. And she's not at a risk to the public or the health and welfare of people in the state of Maine," he said.
The leader of Maine's Roman Catholics weighed in on the fight, urging calm and reason and lauding Hickox's bravery.
"We need to balance our desire to protect ourselves and those we love with the obligation to treat Ms. Hickox with the same compassion and support that she displayed in West Africa, rather than with fear and rejection," Bishop Robert F. Deeley said.
Copyright 2014 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Also on HuffPost:

Pay back time  for Narendra Modi govt to save corporates names: Sitharam YechuryPay back time  for Narendra Modi govt to save corporates names: Sitharam Yechury
Diesel  petrol prices likely to come downHi Guest
Diesel, petrol prices likely to come down
The prices of petrol and diesel could be down by as much as Rs 2.50 a litre on Friday.  Falling prices of crude oil have driven down the cost of products, prompting oil marketing companies to contemplate reducing the prices. This will be the sixth consecutive price cut for petrol since August. Diesel prices will be cut for the first time since these were decontrolled on October 18, leading to a drop of Rs 3.27 a litre.  Petrol is currently Rs 66.65 a litre in Delhi and Rs 74.46 a ...

Sebi seeks Supreme Court direction to Subrata Roy s Sahara to reveal offers on hotels saleSebi seeks Supreme Court direction to Subrata Roy's Sahara to reveal offers on hotels sale
Indu Bhan | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 31 2014, 08:27  IST
Oct 31 2014, 08:27  IST
 

Narendra Modi flags off Run for Unity  says Mahatma Gandhi incomplete without SardarPatelPrint
Modi paid floral tributes at the statue of independent India's first home minister at Patel Chowk, Parliament Street. (Source: Express photo by Amit Mehra)
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 31, 2014 8:10 am | Updated: October 31, 2014 1:58 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday dedicated birth anniversary of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel as National Unity Day, saying a nation that disregards its history cannot create one and made a veiled reference to anti-Sikh riots that followed then Prime Minister Indira Gandhi’s assassination this day 30 years ago.
Got up as an event to accord Sardar Patel, the ‘Iron Man of India’, his place in history, the Government made it clear that this was no attempt to belittle the contribution of any other leader.
Participants running for the ‘Run for Unity’ campaign from Rajpath to India Gate on Friday. (Source: Express photo by Amit Mehra)
“Let us not forget that a nation that disregards its history can never create one…Don’t divide history, legacy in narrow confines of ideology,” Modi said.
Flagging off run for unity on the 139th birth anniversary of the first Home Minister of the country celebrated as “Rashtriya Ekta Divas”, Modi said Patel devoted his life for the unity of the Nation and it was unfortunate that “our very own people” were killed on his birth anniversary 30 years ago.
In an apparent reference to riots which took place after the assassination of then Prime Minister Indira Gandhi in 1984, Modi said, “Patel never deviated from his vision of national unity despite facing obstacles in his political life. It is a misfortune of this country that 30 years ago on the birth anniversary of such a leader an incident which shook the unity of nation took place.”
“Hamare apne logon ko maut ke ghaat utar diya gaya (our own people were killed on that day). That incident was not a wound on the hearts of people of a particular religion it was a dagger into the heart of thousands of years of country’s heritage and culture,” he said.
He also noted that it was also the death anniversary of former Prime Minister Indira Gandhi.
Remembering the contribution of Patel in the Independence movement, Modi said Mahatma Gandhi had entrusted him with planning of historical Dandi march which he successfully did.
“When we see Ramakrishna Paramhans he appears to be incomplete without Swami Vivekananda. Similarly when we see Mahatma Gandhi, he also appears incomplete without Sardar Patel,” he said.

Cannot forget Sardar Patel s role in uniting India: Modi | Bapu incomplete without himYou are here: Home > Collections
Can never forget Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel's role in uniting India: Narendra Modi
IANS Oct 31, 2014, 08.44AM IST
Tags:
Narendra Modi
("Through his skill, vision…)
NEW DELHI: The country can never forget Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel's contribution in uniting the country, Prime Minister Narendra Modi said here Friday.
"The British wanted India to break into pieces but Sardar Patel unified the 550 provinces into one country," Modi said while addressing the nation on the birth anniversary of Sardar Patel being observed as 'Rashtriya Ekta Diwas'.
"Through his skill, vision and patriotism Sardar Patel integrated the nation. We can never forget his contribution in uniting free India," Modi added.
A 'Run for Unity' and pledge taking at Vijay Chowk marked India's first home minister's birth anniversary October 31.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Kiss of Love  campaign in Kerala against moral policingKochi, Oct. 30 (ANI):  A group of youngsters will organize a non-violent protest 'Kiss of Love' on November 2, in the wake of an attack on a coffee shop by youth wing activists of ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).
It is a campaign initiated to protest against the moral policing and express freedom of love.
Last week, the Congress Party-owned Jaihind TV had aired a show alleging immoral activities at a cafe called Downtown in Kozhikode city. Within hours, it was attacked by the workers of Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha, the youth wing of BJP.
However, Kerala Police have denied permission to the protesters to hold the event in Kochi.
The young protesters earlier on Wednesday were seen holding posters reading 'Stop Moral Policing' to publicise the drive even as the members of local moral policing team were present at the venue trying to scare the youngsters by shouting at them.
A member of the moral policing team, Vijayan, said such events are against Indian culture and tradition.
"Not only political parties, even the residents and entire community should protest this kind of wrong behaviour. What are they up to, to kiss in open place and organise such events, it is spoiling our age old culture and tradition. Such activities are not at all acceptable," said Vijayan.
The organisers of 'Kiss Day' have invited couples to assemble at Marine Drive in Kochi on the evening of November 02 to protest against moral policing. The LGBT (lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgenders) community has also showed support to the drive, organised to express love and draw people's attention to the fact that no one has the right to interfere in one's personal life.
The young protesters have also created a Facebook page "Kiss of Love" to garner support for their cause, which has already received more than 25,000 likes.
There seems to be prevalence of two active groups in the country which are substantially contributing to its brand and image.
One drives to act as a facilitator of democracy, welcoming the evolution of society and bringing about changes, where as the other - a moral brigade - claims to be the preservers of rigid cultures and ethos and refuses to embrace any change. (ANI)
Recommend

Bharti Airtel in focus after Q2 earningsBharti Airtel in focus after Q2 earnings
LIVE: Modi leads  Run for Unity  in Delhi on Sardar Patel birth anniversaryLIVE: Modi leads  Run for Unity  in Delhi on Sardar Patel birth anniversary
Black money details shared under tax treaty can t be shared even with courts: Swiss govenmentBlack money details shared under tax treaty can t be shared even with courts: Swiss govenment
Rising orders mark India s investment revivalHi Guest
Rising orders mark India's investment revival
If order inflows are a harbinger of an improvement in the investment cycle, India Inc has reason to feel happy. In the quarter ended September this year, companies received about Rs 67,000 crore (Rs 670 billion) worth of fresh orders, up 45 per cent on a quarter-on-quarter basis and the highest in the past four quarters (see chart).The momentum has continued into the quarter ending December, too, with companies reporting fresh orders of about Rs 20,000 crore (Rs 200 billion) so far this ...

That means the tml shares will not be available easily now !!Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Be carefull it is looking to go downside as per technicals chartsCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Potato should not be eaten when hot let it cool down otherwise lips mi...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Great move by investment of rs. 50.00 crores for implementing a proje...New Member
1 Followers
Great move by  investment of Rs. 50.00 crores for implementing a project for manufacture of Specialty Tyres . govt going to boost infra, smart cities. hence decision correct.
9.28 AM Oct 31st  | Track

Sensex up 93 points in early tradeSensex zooms 519 points to new record-high of 27,866; Nifty jumps 153 points
Our Bureau/Agencies
Continued buying by foreign funds as well as retail investors, triggered by a series of economic reforms undertaken by the Narendra Modi-led government and strong earnings by blue-chip companies, lifted the key indices to new highs.
Economic reforms, healthy corporate earnings drive the market rally
Mumbai, Oct 31:  
The Sensex and the Nifty touched new record-highs of 27,865.83 and 8,322.20, respectively on sustained fund inflows, driven by a slew of economic reforms announced by the government amid optimism over strong corporate earnings.
The 30-share BSE index Sensex soared 519.50 points or 1.9 per cent at 27,865.83 and the 50-share NSE index Nifty jumped 153 points or 1.87 per cent at 8,322.20.
Brokers said continued buying by foreign funds as well as retail investors, triggered by a series of economic reforms undertaken by the Narendra Modi-led government and strong earnings by blue-chip companies, drove the market rally.
Barring consumer durables, all other BSE sectoral indices ended significantly in the green. Among them, capital goods index gained the most by 2.66 per cent, followed by India infrastructure index 2.38 per cent, oil & gas 2.19 per cent and PSU 2.08 per cent. Only consumer durables index was down 3.18 per cent.
GAIL, Tata Power, HDFC, L&T and Tata Steel were the top five gainers among 30-share Sensex constituents, while Bharti Airtel was the only loser.
Global market
World shares jumped and the yen fell to a seven-year low against the dollar on Friday as the Bank of Japan surprised financial markets by significantly expanding its massive stimulus programme.
In a rare split decision, the BoJ’s board voted 5-4 to accelerate the purchases of Japanese government bonds so that its holdings increase at an annual pace of ¥80 trillion ($725 billion), up by ¥30 trillion.
The central bank also said that it would triple its purchase of exchange-traded funds and real-estate investment trusts (REITs), while sources said the government’s huge pension fund would more than double its holdings of domestic stocks.
For investors, the timing of the moves sent a strong signal, coming right as six years of aggressive US stimulus come to an end and just before the euro zone inflation data that is likely to keep the pressure on the European Central Bank to further ease its policy.
Tokyo’s Nikkei share index jumped almost 5 per cent in its biggest rise since June last year following the BoJ’s move, which it said was a pre-emptive strike at “a critical moment in the effort to break free from the deflationary mindset’’ in Japan.
European stocks opened up 1 per cent and US futures prices pointed to similar gains when trading resumes in New York. Stocks were lifted on Thursday by strong third quarter US GDP data and another round of upbeat earnings.
At 0900 GMT, the FTSEurofirst 300 index of top European shares was up 1.3 per cent at 1,344.18 points, extending a sharp two-week rally, while southern European government bonds also made ground.
Euro zone flash inflation data due at 1000 GMT will provide the next indicator of whether the ECB might feel compelled to step up its support for the bloc's beleaguered economy.
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

Rupee up 7 paise in early tradeUpdated: October 29, 2014 09:50 IST
Rupee up 7 paise in early trade
PTI
foreign exchange market
The rupee strengthened by seven paise to 61.25 against the dollar in early trade on Wednesday at the Interbank Foreign Exchange on increased selling of the US currency by exporters and banks.
Besides, the dollar’s weakness against other currencies overseas as investors await news from the US Federal Reserve about interest rate plans for the world’s largest economy and a higher opening in the domestic equity market supported the rupee, forex dealers said.
The rupee had slipped by two paise to close at 61.32 against the US dollar in yesterday’s trade due to some demand for the American unit in an overall lacklustre trade.

NRI investors seek Sebi probe against ICICI VentureNRI investors seek Sebi probe against ICICI Venture
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 29, 2014  | 18:51 IST
After moving the Mauritius Supreme Court seeking $103 million in damages from private equity fund ICICI Venture , a group of around 80 NRI investors have sought a probe from markets watchdog Sebi in the matter.
In a 26-page complaint sent to the Sebi on October 16, the investors alleged that two realty focused funds from ICICI Venture-the Dynamic India Fund III & IV- have taken money from them promising high returns to the tune of 25 per cent.
However, none of the 13 projects in which their money was invested are completed well after the committed nine-year gestation period, the complaint said.
The investors want the Sebi to probe the allegations of misrepresentations, concealment and omission of material facts, misleading statements, negligence, and breaches of duty towards the investors by not exercising care and due diligence while managing their investments, as they claim that these misconducts have diminished the value of their investment considerably.
When contacted, a Dubai-based investor Gulab Patil, who has been authorised by around 500 investors with a power of attorney, told PTI that he has filed the complaint with Sebi on October 16.
Patil, who hails from Pune, said that he had invested $2.5 lakh in 2005 when these two funds were launched.
The complaint by 78 investors, mainly NRIs and persons of Indian origin, urged Sebi to probe against ICICI Venture Funds Management Company (ICICI Venture), ICICI Bank, Dynamic India Fund III & IV (DIF III & IV), India Advantage Fund III & IV (IAF III & IV), under the provisions of the Prohibition of Fraudulent and Unfair Trade Practices relating to securities markets) Regulations 2003 of Sebi.
ICICI Venture has already denied all the charges as "totally baseless and malicious".
ICICI Venture also countered the claim of damages, saying the aggrieved investors accounted for a small percentage of those invested in the fund and they had refused to take an 'cash exit option' although returns were never guaranteed.
"The allegations levelled by a set of investors, constituting only 12 per cent of the investors in the said fund, are totally baseless, not supported by facts and are malicious," an ICICI Venture spokesperson had said.
DIF III & IV schemes, registered in Mauritius, are structured as feeder-funds by ICICI Venture and are registered with the Sebi as foreign venture capital investors.
The fund was promoted to be a close-ended fund with a corpus of $220 million. The fund was aimed at developing, leasing, owning and selling quality office and residential properties and retail spaces.

Moody s wants to see more of PM Modi s reformsMoody's wants to see more of PM Modi's reforms
Neha Dasgupta     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 30, 2014  | 16:59 IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Moody's welcomed recent efforts by the Modi government and the Reserve Bank to boost economic growth and attract long-term investments, but said the measures would need to be sustained to have an actual impact on the country's sovereign ratings.
Moody's Investors Service said steps such as Prime Minister Narendra Modi's "Make in India" campaign, infrastructure initiatives, improvements on monetary policy framework, and banking sector reforms were all "incremental, rather than radical" measures.
But Moody's said it wanted to see "sustained improvement" in the reform momentum for "over at least the next two years" to have an actual impact on India's credit ratings.
Moody's rates India at "Baa3", or the lowest investment grade, with a "stable" outlook. It was the only one among the three major global credit agencies not to downgrade India's outlook to "negative" over the past three years.
"Since India's sovereign rating already incorporates Moody's assessment that its growth potential is high, such higher growth rates would, in themselves, be of limited (though positive) significance for India's sovereign credit profile," the agency said.
Moody's said an assessment of India's credit ratings would only come after it sees sustained improvements in inflation, investment climate and policy predictability and transparency.
The credit agency added it wanted to see stronger fiscal, balance of payments and banking sector metrics.
(Reuters)

Cognizant plans to invest Rs 500 cr in Hyderabad facilityCognizant plans to invest Rs 500 cr in Hyderabad facility
K V Kurmanath
Lakshmi Narayanan, Vice-Chairman of Cognizant.
Hyderabad, Oct 29:  
IT services and consulting firm Cognizant will expand its facility at Gachibowli in Hyderabad with an investment of over Rs 500 crore. The company is looking at adding an additional area of 1.5 million square feet at its 11-acre Gachibowli campus. At present, the company has 2.25 lakh square ft of built-in space at the campus.
The company started operations in Hyderabad in 2002 with 180 employees. Currently, it has 18,000 employees and five facilities in the city.
“The expanded facility can accommodate around 8,000 employees,” Lakshmi Narayanan, Vice-Chairman of Cognizant, has said.
"Besides growing our operations here, the centre would help us tap huge the talent pool available here,'' he said, while announcing the expansion plan in a statement on Wednesday.
The Hyderabad centre services over 300 of its global clients in industries spanning banking and financial services, insurance, retail, hospitality, manufacturing and logistics, and life sciences.
(This article was published on October 29, 2014)
Related

Rupee drops to 2-wk low after Fed sticks to low ratesRupee drops to 2-wk low after Fed sticks to low rates
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 30, 2014  | 19:28 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Moving in an opposite direction to stocks, the rupee on Thursday fell for the fourth day, dipping 10 paise to close at two-week low of 61.45 against the Greenback after US Federal Reserve kept in place its plans to maintain record low interest rate for some more time.
While the Fed's bond buying programme came to an end as expected, the continuation of ultra low interest rate regime lifted the dollar overseas against major currencies, thereby keeping the rupee under pressure, a forex dealer said.
At the Interank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the domestic unit commenced sharply lower at 61.52 a dollar from previous close of 61.35. It later moved in a narrow range of 61.39 and 61.55 before concluding at 61.45, showing a fall of 10 paise or 0.21 per cent.
In four days, the rupee has dipped by 21 paise or 0.37 per cent to end at its weakest level since October 16 (61.83).
The Indian benchmark S&P BSE Sensex on Thursday spurted by 248.16 points, or 0.92 per cent, to end at all-time high of 27,346.33. FIIs bought shares worth USD 123.13 million on Wednesday, as per Sebi data.
The dollar index was trading higher by 0.26 per cent against its major global rivals after Fed Wednesday made official its plans to end the last round of its recession-era stimulus programme while reiterating its stance of keeping its interest rate low.
Pramit Brahmbhatt, Veracity Group CEO said: "Rupee traded weak as month-end dollar demand from importers. However, rupee trimmed its initial losses on good foreign capital inflows into equity market....The trading range for the Spot USD/INR pair is expected to be within 60.90 to 61.90."
The depreciation of the rupee was limited as investors believe that the Indian markets have been performing fairly better than other countries, said Suresh Nair, Director, Admisi Forex India Pvt Ltd.

Gnanadesikan quits as TNCC chiefUpdated: October 30, 2014 23:14 IST
Gnanadesikan quits as TNCC chief
Sruthisagar Yamunan
Tamil Nadu Congress Committee president B.S. Gnanadesikan. File photo: R. Ashok
TOPICS
state politics
Sources close to Mr. Gnanadesikan said he was upset at the utter "lack of respect" from the AICC in decision-making.
Tamil Nadu Congress Committee president B.S. Gnanadesikan on Thursday offered his resignation from the post over differences with All India Congress Committee (AICC).
Sources in the TNCC told The Hindu that the move followed a showdown between Mr. Gnanadesikan and Mukul Wasnik, Congress general secretary in-charge of Tamil Nadu, in New Delhi on Wednesday after a meeting over membership drive. Mr. Gnanadesikan informed Ahmed Patel, the political adviser to Congress president Sonia Gandhi, that he was offering his resignation.
Sources close to Mr. Gnanadesikan said he was upset at the utter “lack of respect” from the AICC in decision making. There had been no coordination with the TNCC leadership, which is never consulted for any major decision, including appointments to TNCC posts.
In his resignation letter to Ms. Gandhi, the lawyer-turned-politician said he was offering to quit so that the re-organisation of the Pradesh Congress could take place without any hindrance.
It is learnt that Mr. Gnanadesikan was also upset at several TNCC leaders lobbying with the party high command for his removal.
Mr. Wasnik, it is alleged, had encouraged such leaders by meeting them during his recent visit to Tamil Nadu and Puducherry. However, Mr. Wasnik denied the charges and said he had a cordial relationship with the TNCC leaders.
Vasan upset
In fact, sources confirmed that former Union Minister G.K. Vasan, to whose faction Mr. Gnanadesikan belongs, too was upset with the central leadership for not according due respect to State leaders.
The latest incident that sparked a row in the party was the instruction of the high command to the State unit to not issue membership cards which carried the photo of late Congress leader G.K. Moopanar.
“This is an example of how the AICC is not allowing an independent functioning for the State unit. There is no way we could accept the removal of the pictures of the two leaders (the other being the picture of late Kamaraj) from membership cards,” a party functionary close to Mr. Vasan said.
The matter was discussed at a closed-door meeting between Mr. Vasan and his supporters and Mr. Gnanadesikan on Thursday morning. It was after this meeting that the resignation letter was sent to Ms. Gandhi, sources added.

Industry goes innovative with staff referral...You are here: Home > Collections
Industry goes innovative with staff referral plans; offers attractive rewards
Devina Sengupta & Anumeha Chaturvedi, ET Bureau Oct 31, 2014, 01.52PM IST
Tags:
hire
(Employers are ready to dole…)
MUMBAI | NEW DELHI: Get your friend as coworker and take your Harley-Davidson. Companies, from startups to old brick-andmortar giants, are going innovative on rewarding staff who bring potential employees from their networks. Cash rewards are still around but out of fashion, and iPads and iPhones are among the most common prizes. Internet product company Directi is urgently looking for mobile app developers for its new communication business and wants to hire 20 senior developers in two months. It launched an employee referral programme this August and the prizes include a Harley-Davidson bike and Volkswagen Polo car. Previously, it had given away iPads, and that had proved to be immensely successful in filling up urgent vacancies.
SmartPlay, a technology service provider, is offering European holidays along with several other rewards to employees who help recruit fresh staff. Rewards become bigger and novel when the demand is in niche areas.
Employee referral is increasingly becoming an effective recruitment tool. Employers are ready to dole out big rewards to staff who help recruit the right talent because the candidates they bring make the cut more often than those who come through recruitment firms.
The chances of such candidates falling prey to counter offers are found to be lower too, as often the existing staff become brand ambassadors for the company to persuade them to get on board. With the economy now looking set to make a turnaround, the battle for talent has become intense. Many companies, especially in the technology and emerging sectors, are looking to recruit experienced employees in droves, and fast.
Many are turning to their own employees for help."We got 75 resumes in one month and, despite being a regular at top tech colleges, this was the best way to get employees with experience," said Ameya Ayachit, senior manager for talent acquisition at Directi India, which develops mass-market Web products.
The Mumbai-based firm also launched an external referral programme, wherein a candidate seeking a job with the company can refer friends and if those people get selected, then the candidate would get half the monthly salary of the selected employee as an incentive. And, the candidate himself doesn't have to pass the interview to claim this incentive.
"We realised that those who reach the last stages, will have peer group with similar skillset and that is our target lot," Ayachit said. Employee referrals, say companies, have a 50-60% conversion rate, and the chances of retention are higher than those employed via recruitment portals or agencies. Besides, can save on cost, while also rewarding existing staff.
Startups are at the forefront with employee referral programmes, with attractive incentives to net the young workforce. Last week, Bangalore-based taxi aggregator Ola Cabs announced it would give away the newly launched iPhone 6 and paid international holidays for those who refer mid- to senior-level candidates. The company also gives out cash payouts and Ola Money credits which give them free cab rides. Rival Taxi For Sure, launched an employee referral programme for the first time officially this May, offering cash.
It plans to also give away iPhones, gadgets and two-way air fare for domestic holidays starting next month. In fact, some of the startups, which have re- alised the necessity of employee referrals, are making their programmes more attractive. And they include SmartPlay, the company that is offering European holidays. Its fovourite reward for the past four years was iPads.
 
From now on, it would also give away digital SLR cameras, along with smartphones. "It is a task to get engineering and computer science candidates with niche skills in the semiconductor space," said Vice President Vijay Mohan. Last year, it offered trips to Mauritius, and now plans to roll out European holidays that will likely get more traction, Mohan said.
His target is to take referral hires to 50% next year from 35% now. Business and technology service provider Sapient Global Markets introduced Harley-Davidson as its"bumper" prize five weeks ago."It is a competitive market and we need to sell the profile and create internal buzz. Around 25% of our hires are via employee referrals and with these incentives, resume inflow doubles up," said Director, Capacity, Rishi Bhatnagar.
"We plan to make 50% of our hires via this route next year." The offers often become innovative when the demand is for talent that isn't easily available. Last year Sapient Nitro rolled out a referral scheme where above a certain number of hires, the company would take care part of marital expenses of the staff who bring new employees, and education loans, as well as pay a percentage of down payment on car and home loan. Some of the referral schemes are rolled out to meet gender diversity and increase headcount in newer cities.

One week after Happy New Year  Rekhas Super Nani releasestodayWIll 'Super Nani' be able to apply the brakes on Happy New Year's record breaking spree?
Written by Sunitra Pacheco , Edited by Sarika Sharma | Mumbai | Posted: October 31, 2014 8:03 am
Shah Rukh Khan’s Happy New Year took the box office by storm last week and now veteran actress Rekha is making her comeback on the silver screen after a long hiatus.
We have a feeling it’s going to be a good day, especially since veteran actress Rekha who has been missing from the silver screen since 2010, marks her return in drama flick, ‘Super Nani’.
Directed by Indra Kumar, ‘Super Nani’ tells the tale of a grandson who encourages his grandmother to take charge of her life and live it, instead of slaving away over the constants wants and needs of those around her.
Also starring Sharman Joshi, Shweta Kumar, Randhir Kapoor, Anupam Kher and Rajesh Kumar among others, ‘Super Nani’ is said to carry with it a strong message to all women – to discover the power they carry and use it without holding back.
But will it be able to apply the brakes on Happy New Year’s record breaking spree? Only time will tell.
The next release for this week is first-time director Sabal Singh Sheikhawat’s ‘Fireflies’. Starring actors Rahul Khanna, Arjun Mathur and Monica Dogra, the film revolves around two estranged brothers, both of whose lives turn out completely different from the other. But, certain events can bring back these blood ties long forgotten.
Kamal Sadanah’s ‘Roar: Tigers of Sunderbans’ and Sachindra Sharma’s ‘Mumbai Can Dance Saala’ also hit screens today. Film’s lead actor Ali Quli Mirza is currently in the ‘Bigg Boss’ house.

North Korea says it has invited European Union rightsofficialIn this file photo, Kim Un Chol, a spokesman for North Korea, attends a panel discussion at United Nations headquarters.
By: Associated Press | United Nations | Posted: October 31, 2014 6:42 am
North Korea on Thursday said it has invited European Union’s top human rights official to visit the country, but it threatened to drop recent offers of visits by United Nations rights officials unless a UN resolution on the country removes any reference to the International Criminal Court before Saturday.
North Korean diplomat Kim Un Chol told The Associated Press that the visit by the EU official, Stavros Lambrinidis, is expected next March.
“We have already sent the invitation letter,” Kim said.
He also handed out a press statement that said, “We have also agreed to the visit of our country by the Special Representative for Human Right of European External Action Service,” the name for the EU’s diplomatic service.
The European Union’s mission to the UN was not immediately available for comment Thursday evening. But an EU official in Brussels earlier this month confirmed that Lambrinidis recently had met with a North Korean representative.
North Korea has been on the defensive since a UN commission of inquiry early this year detailed what it said were vast human rights abuses in the impoverished but nuclear-armed country and warned that leader Kim Jong Un could be held accountable.
The new EU-Japan resolution at the UN echoes the report’s recommendations, saying the Security Council should refer North Korea’s human rights situation to the International Criminal Court. Although ally China, a permanent council member, has signaled it would veto such a move, Pyongyang has been unnerved that international attention to its dismal human rights record hasn’t seemed to fade.
For North Korea to offer any dialogue on human rights, a topic which its government until recently would not discuss, is seen as significant by the international community. But such an offer is also greeted with skepticism. One UN diplomat this week, asked what assurance countries have that Pyongyang will follow up on its word, said simply, “None.”
Some of North Korea’s recent gestures have been surprising.
This week, North Korean officials met with the UN special rapporteur on that country for the first time since the post was created 10 years ago, and said they “envisaged” his visit. They also floated the idea of a visit by the new UN high commission for human rights.
On Thursday, Kim Un Chol said those two offers “will be cancelled” if the language on the ICC isn’t dropped from the EU-Japan resolution by the weekend. The resolution already has been submitted in the General Assembly’s human rights committee, though its language can be changed right up until the committee votes on it next month.
He said the resolution showed a “path of confrontation” and called for greater flexibility on the part of the EU.
North Korea broke off a previous human rights dialogue with the EU in 2003.

Obama campaigns in Maine  avoids spat overEbolaPresident Barack Obama sought to mobilise Democratic voters Thursday in the race for governor in Maine.
By: Associated Press | Portland | Posted: October 31, 2014 6:23 am
President Barack Obama sought to mobilise Democratic voters Thursday in the race for governor in Maine while keeping his distance from the state’s bubbling controversy over its Ebola quarantine policies and the nurse who has defied them.
Ebola has emerged as a hot-button issue in the November 4 midterm elections, with Republicans criticizing the Obama administration for what they characterise as a disorganized response to the appearance of the virus in the US Four people have been diagnosed with Ebola in the country, and one has died.
The elections feature races for governor in 36 states, although those contests have been overshadowed by competitive congressional races.
The fight for control of the Senate is the biggest prize in the midterm elections, with Democrats struggling to fend off a Republican takeover. The Republicans need to pick up the six seats to take control of the Senate and they are widely expected to expand their majority in the House of Representatives. That would give them control of Congress for the two years Obama has left in office.
Obama, whose slumping approval has been a drag on Democrats in the fiercest congressional elections, has limited his campaign appearances mostly to races for governors in states where he remains popular.
His appearance in Maine landed him in the epicenter of a debate between the federal government and several states over how health care workers returning from Ebola-stricken nations should be monitored. The White House has pushed back against overly restrictive measures, including proposals for travel bans or isolation measures adopted by some states.
Obama, who has been praising health care workers who have volunteered to fight Ebola in West Africa, had no plans to visit with Kaci Hickox, the nurse who worked with Ebola victims in Sierra Leone and is now challenging Maine’s requirement that she isolate herself for 21 days.
Hickox returned to the US last week but has shown no symptoms of the disease. She has been under what the state has called a voluntary quarantine in remote northern Maine, but on Thursday she went on a bike ride with her boyfriend.
Obama has urged states to consider how their policies will affect the willingness of other doctors and nurses to volunteer for Ebola work in the afflicted nations of Sierra Leone, Liberia and Guinea.
Democrats in Maine hoped the visit by Obama so close to Election Day would help put six-term congressman Mike Michaud over the top his neck-and-neck race against Republican Governor Paul LePage.
LePage had defended his state’s Ebola policies. He said Thursday that negotiations with Hickox’s lawyers to discuss a scaled-down quarantine had gone nowhere, and that he was prepared to use the full extent of his authority to protect the public.

Falling diesel  onion  tomato prices to cut ...CPI
(There is good news on the…)
PUNE/NEW DELHI: There is good news on the inflation front. Diesel prices are likely to fall 11% in a span of two weeks; onion has dropped to Rs 20 a kg; tomato down to Rs 20 a kg from Rs 60 a few months ago; cooking oil is cheaper, and the outlook for vegetable prices and petroleum products is encouraging.
Trade and industry bodies say food prices are likely to be moderate in the months ahead as vegetable planting has gone up 25%, particularly near big cities, raising hopes that last month's fall in consumer and wholesale inflation would be sustained, although there are worries about the impact of the poor monsoon on prices.
The government has already cut the price of diesel by more than Rs 3 a litre this month, and the fuel is expected to fall another Rs 2.50, bringing it down about 11%. Petrol is already down to a 16-month low as crude prices tumbled from a high of $115 in June to $83 this month before stabilising at $85-$87. This helping tame inflation as well as the subsidy bill and have an overall positive impact on the economy.
"The low fuel inflation will result in Rs 15,000 crore worth of savings on the oil subsidy front compared to the budget estimate. The fiscal deficit target of 4.1% of the GDP which seemed very optimistic during the time of budget looks feasible now", said DK Pant, chief economist, India Ratings. He said government borrowings will be less than budgeted, having an impact on market interest rates, which will spur economic activity in the market.
In September, retail inflation,RBI's key inflation measure, eased to 6.46%, while wholesale inflation dropped to a five-year low of 2.38%, the fourth straight month of moderation led by falling vegetable prices. Vegetable prices are expected to remain low.
"Vegetable production has seen an increase around all metropolitan cities with planting seen an increase of 25%. Next three months prices will be under control," said Shriram Gadhave, president of the Maharashtra based All India Vegetable Growers Association. He said a tomato farmer in Maharashtra was getting less than Rs 5 a kg where-as in retail it was being sold at Rs 40 a kg. "Prices will correct soon," he said. However, some analysts are concerned about impact of this year's weak monsoon.
"As advance estimates have indicated shortfall in kharif harvest, it may affect prices of pulses. So we still need to be cautious on that. Anyway, India does not have enough domestic production, and is import dependent so price sensitivity will be higher", said Aditi Nayar, senior economist, ICRA. She expects average consumer price index (CPI) between 6.5-7% in by January and a little higher by March. She said diesel had a small weightage in CPI but broader impact would be visible with a lag. Fuel and light has a 9.49% weight in the CPI, relatively lower than 15% weight in the wholesale price index.
Food occupies 50% weight in the CPI.Vegetable prices have been falling post Diwali. "In the next three days potato prices will fall by 10-15% as supplies from Punjab begin," said Padam Bhushan, potato trader at Azadpur mandi in New Delhi where it was being sold at Rs 20-25 a kg.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Narendra Modi remembers former PM Indira Gandhi on deathanniversaryPrint
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 31, 2014 8:44 am
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday remembered former Prime Minister Indira Gandhi on her  30th death anniversary and paid tributes to first Home
Minister Sardar Patel on his birth anniversary.
“I join my fellow countrymen & women in remembering former PM Smt. Indira Gandhi on her Punya Tithi,” Modi tweeted.
Indira Gandhi was assassinated by her own bodyguards on this day in 1984.
“I bow to Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel on his birth anniversary. Sardar Patel’s life is a journey of deep-rooted courage, dedication and service to the Motherland. He is truly
the architect of Modern India,” the Prime Minister said in another tweet.

Rahul Gandhi kicks off meetings to revive partyComments
Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi has called to Delhi leaders from across the country to draw up a strategy to “revive” the party and “stop the BJP’s upsurge” under Narendra Modi, sources said.
Reeling under its worst Lok Sabha performance, the Congress a week ago also lost power in Haryana and Maharashtra, adding to the growing unease in the rank and file about the lack of action on part of the leadership.
Over the next few days, Rahul was expected to hold a series of meetings with party colleagues, sources said. On Thursday, he chaired a meeting of party leaders, including Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi, Ghulam Nabi Azad, Ambika Soni, Jaipal Reddy, Jairam Ramesh, Sachin Pilot and Meenakshi Natarajan, sources said.
Party president Sonia Gandhi was not in the four-hour “first of its kind” meeting -- a signal that Rahul may play a more pro-active role in the party in the coming months. The focus was on the revival of the party and motivating and training the cadres, said sources.
“There is a disconnect not only between the party and the people, but also between the party and the cadres,” a leader who was at the meeting quoted Rahul as saying.
“The talks were also focused on ways to revamp the party and motivate the workers. Training procedures were also discussed,” the leader said.
Many of the participants expressed concern over the “Nehruvian legacy getting lost”, with the NDA regime seeking to appropriate Congress’ icons, sources said.
“Earlier Congress workers rose in the ranks by adhering to a Nehruvian legacy of selfless social service. This is absent now. Moreover, uninterrupted stints in power have not helped building the ideology of social service,” a source quoted another senior leader as saying.
The meetings, said sources, could be a precursor to an organisational revamp in which Rahul was likely to give a prominent role to young leaders.

Narendra Modi flags off Run for Unity  says Mahatma Gandhi was incomplete without SardarPatelPrint
Modi paid floral tributes at the statue of independent India's first home minister at Patel Chowk, Parliament Street. (Source: Express photo by Amit Mehra)
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 31, 2014 8:10 am | Updated: October 31, 2014 1:58 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday dedicated birth anniversary of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel as National Unity Day, saying a nation that disregards its history cannot create one and made a veiled reference to anti-Sikh riots that followed then Prime Minister Indira Gandhi’s assassination this day 30 years ago.
Got up as an event to accord Sardar Patel, the ‘Iron Man of India’, his place in history, the Government made it clear that this was no attempt to belittle the contribution of any other leader.
Participants running for the ‘Run for Unity’ campaign from Rajpath to India Gate on Friday. (Source: Express photo by Amit Mehra)
“Let us not forget that a nation that disregards its history can never create one…Don’t divide history, legacy in narrow confines of ideology,” Modi said.
Flagging off run for unity on the 139th birth anniversary of the first Home Minister of the country celebrated as “Rashtriya Ekta Divas”, Modi said Patel devoted his life for the unity of the Nation and it was unfortunate that “our very own people” were killed on his birth anniversary 30 years ago.
In an apparent reference to riots which took place after the assassination of then Prime Minister Indira Gandhi in 1984, Modi said, “Patel never deviated from his vision of national unity despite facing obstacles in his political life. It is a misfortune of this country that 30 years ago on the birth anniversary of such a leader an incident which shook the unity of nation took place.”
“Hamare apne logon ko maut ke ghaat utar diya gaya (our own people were killed on that day). That incident was not a wound on the hearts of people of a particular religion it was a dagger into the heart of thousands of years of country’s heritage and culture,” he said.
He also noted that it was also the death anniversary of former Prime Minister Indira Gandhi.
Remembering the contribution of Patel in the Independence movement, Modi said Mahatma Gandhi had entrusted him with planning of historical Dandi march which he successfully did.
“When we see Ramakrishna Paramhans he appears to be incomplete without Swami Vivekananda. Similarly when we see Mahatma Gandhi, he also appears incomplete without Sardar Patel,” he said.

Sensex rallies over 150 points to a fresh high; Nifty hits 8200Sensex rallies over 200 points to a fresh record high; Nifty hits 8,200
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 31, 2014, 09.52AM IST
(BSE Sensex rose as much…)
NEW DELHI: Both Sensex and Nifty rose to their fresh record highs in trade on Friday, tracking positive trade seen in other Asian markets.
The BSE Sensex rose as much as 200 points to hit its fresh record high of 27,581.68. The rally in the index was led by gains in Infosys, ITC, HDFC Bank and L&T.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also rose 42 points to hit its fresh lifetime high of 8241150, led by gains in Ambuja Cements, IDFC, HDFC and Infosys.
At 09:53 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 26,573.34, up 227.01 points or 0.83 per cent. It touched a high of 27,581.68 and a low of 27,438.28 in early trade.
The Nifty was at 8237.65, up 68.42 points or 0.84 per cent. It touched a high of 8,241.50 and a low of 8,198.05 in early trade.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index was up 0.71 per cent and BSE S&P Smallcap Index edged higher by 0.73 per cent.
TCS (up 1.6 per cent), Infosys (up 1.5 per cent), Wipro (up 1.1 per cent), HDFC (up 1.09 per cent) and ITC (up 0.97 per cent) were among the major Sensex gainers.
Bharti Airtel (down 1.4 per cent), HUL (down 0.75 per cent), Hindalco (down 0.7 per cent), ICICI Bank (down 0.6 per cent) and Tata Motors (down 0.55 per cent) were the major index losers.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Send postcards to police to report fleecing by auto drivers in CoimbatoreUpdated: October 31, 2014 09:55 IST
Send postcards to police to report fleecing by auto drivers in Coimbatore
Staff Reporter
Tweet
The Hindu Deputy Commissioner of Police (Traffic) displaying the Autorickshaw complaint card at the Police Commissioner's office in Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu, on Thursday. Photo: special arrangement
The commuter has to tick or fill the column, mention his/her name, contact number and address and post the same as the address was printed on the complaint card.
The Coimbatore City Police have formulated a novel way to reach out to autorickshaw commuters and initiate action on drivers who fleece them. The traffic police will distribute inlands and postcards free of cost to the public to prefer a complaint to them.
Deputy Commissioner of Police, Traffic, T.K. Rajasekaran said that the inlands and postcards titled ‘Auto Complaint Card’ had seven columns on allegations against drivers such as misbehaviour, refusal to ply, demanding excess fare, reckless driving, refusal to turn on the meter, drunken driving and other offences.
The commuter has to tick or fill the column, mention his/her name, contact number and address and post the same as the address was printed on the complaint card.
“Initially 1,000 such inlands and postcards have been printed and will be distributed on Friday. More such Auto Complaint Cards will be distributed till fleecing comes to an end,” he said. Mr. Rajasekaran said that commuters could also report fleecing by calling 100 or 0422-2300970.
As many as 15 special teams comprising traffic police personnel have also been formed to check autorickshaws for fleecing from November 1.
Regional Transport Officer of Coimbatore Central S. Munusamy said that a fine of Rs. 300 would be imposed on autorickshaw drivers.

Thai economy tsar with a year to deliverThailand’s economic tsar has one year to deliver
Michael Peel in Bangkok
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4a709fce-5a64-11e4-be86-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Oil prices down in AsiaOil prices down in Asia
Janay Rice Posts Heartbreaking Response To Awful Halloween CostumesGPS for the Soul
Editor's Note
A previous article in this space incorrectly attributed a tweet to Janay Rice, the wife of former Baltimore Ravens running back Ray Rice, that was sent from an unverified account in response to a TMZ article about individuals dressing as her husband for Halloween. Janay Rice confirmed on Instagram that the Twitter account is not hers. We regret the error.
Most Popular

Matt Taibbi Leaves First Look Media  Raising Questions About Company s DirectionMatt Taibbi Leaves First Look Media, Raising Questions About Company's Direction
Posted:
Updated:
10/29/2014  8:59 am EDT
NEW YORK - OCTOBER 28:  Matt Taibbi attends the Huffington Post 2010 'Game Changers' event at Skylight Studio on October 28, 2010 in New York, City.  (Photo by Neilson Barnard/Getty Images) | Neilson Barnard via Getty Images
reddit
NEW YORK -- Journalist Matt Taibbi has left First Look Media, eight months after joining the billionaire-backed startup and before ever launching the digital publication he was hired to build.
First Look Media founder Pierre Omidyar announced Taibbi's exit in a Tuesday night statement and said that differences between the journalist and management were “never about editorial independence.”
“We have never wavered from our pledge that journalistic content is for the journalists to decide, period,” Omidyar said.
Taibbi declined to comment to The Huffington Post.
John Cook, editor-in-chief of The Intercept, the Omidyar-backed site co-founded by journalists Glenn Greenwald, Laura Poitras and Jeremy Scahill, defended his now-former colleague on Twitter after the official announcement. “What has happened is bad and dumb and needless and not matt taibbi’s fault,” he wrote .
It’s not clear what specifically led to the departure, but the official news follows a Tuesday afternoon New York magazine report that Taibbi, a journalist best known for his adversarial coverage of finance and politics for Rolling Stone, was on leave from First Look.
Andrew Rice, who is working on a New York magazine feature about Omidyar, the billionaire founder of eBay and primary backer of the media venture, reported that there have been internal disputes and changes within the organization's structure. On Tuesday, he wrote that Omidyar and his close circle in Silicon Valley have now "exerted control over budgets and vacillated over the journalistic mission.” He also reported that former newspaper editor John Temple, First Look's president of audience and products, has been given a job above editorial director Eric Bates, a former top Rolling Stone editor who is close with Taibbi.
Taibbi's exit only raises more questions about the mission of First Look, which already scaled back its publishing ambitions in July and has now lost a high-profile editor expected to oversee its second digital magazine.
While mission for the brand's first publication, The Intercept , seems clear, with a heavy focus on national security reporting and media criticism, the overall direction of First Look remains opaque a year after Omidyar expressed his desire to build a new media and technology company.
In an October 2013 interview with The Huffington Post, Omidyar pledged to spend around $250 million -- the amount Amazon chief Jeff Bezos paid for The Washington Post -- in launching what would later be called First Look.
The specifics weren't hashed out at the time, with Omidyar telling HuffPost that “at this point, we don’t know yet how it’s going to be organized.” Omidyar also didn't know whether there would be one editor-in-chief to oversee all sections, and hadn't yet met in person with Greenwald, who had left the Guardian about 10 days earlier to start the new venture with him.
Months later, the editorial structure still appeared undetermined.
Bates, who joined in November, told HuffPost earlier this year that he still didn’t have a title at the company. “We’re all working very collaboratively now,” Bates said. “We’re not worried about titles or positions. There’s so much work to be done and we’ll be bringing so many talented people on board.”
The plan in January was to launch a flagship general interest site and then several digital magazines built around specific coverage areas.
The Intercept, the first such digital magazine, was launched on Feb. 10 and featured new reporting on documents provided by former National Security Agency contractor Edwards Snowden. Just over a week later, Taibbi joined the company to “start his own publication focusing on financial and political corruption.” Alex Pareene joined the Taibbi project from Salon in April as executive editor.
The Taibbi-led site was still incubating in July, when Omidyar announced that the company was scrapping plans for the flagship site, which had been a primary component of the editorial vision announced in early 2014. Omidyar also described Taibbi’s project as a digital magazine “with a satirical approach to American politics and culture,” which seemed like a departure from plans for a publication focused on “financial and political corruption.”
Still, the Taibbi-led project kept growing, with Hairpin editor Edith Zimmerman and former MoveOn.org Cultural Director Laura Dawn joining in August.
In his Tuesday night statement, Omidyar said First Look would focus on “exploring next steps for the talented team that has worked to create Matt’s publication.” He said that management remains committed “to the First Look mission.”
Disclosure: Pierre Omidyar is the founder of Honolulu's Civil Beat, which is partnered with The Huffington Post for HuffPost Hawaii.
More:

Lisa Haydon s RAUNCHIEST photos ever!Photo uploaded by Sahir Rehman
on Oct 03, 2011 , 05:34 pm
32858 Views  |  8  Comments  |  
Report Abuse
The dusky diva, Lisa Haydon recently ruled everyones heart with her performance in the movie Queen. Image courtesy: Procured via Google Search
The dusky diva, Lisa Haydon recently ruled everyones heart with her performance in the movie Queen. Image courtesy: Procured via Google Search

Abuse  drugs & scandals: Life of soccer king MaradonaPhoto uploaded by Shankar Manakkal
on Oct 29, 2014 , 04:46 pm
1383 Views  |  9  Comments  |  
Report Abuse
Maradona is often considered the football genius (debatably world's most talented footballer till date). But on the other hand, he is seen as a disreputable cheat and dope fiend. Image courtesy: Procured via Google Search
Maradona is often considered the football genius (debatably world's most talented footballer till date). But on the other hand, he is seen as a disreputable cheat and dope fiend.  Image courtesy: Procured via Google Search

Maruti Suzuki Q1 net up 28.69 per cent at Rs 862.54 croreYou are here » Home » My Stocks
Maruti Suzuki Q1 net up 28.69 per cent at Rs 862.54 crore
By PTI Oct 30 2014 , New Delhi
Tags: Companies , Company Results
The country's largest carmaker Maruti Suzuki India (MSI) today reported a 28.69 per cent increase in net profit at Rs 862.54 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2014-15 on the account of growth in domestic sales.
It had posted net profit of Rs 670.23 crore in the same period last fiscal, MSI said in a statement.
Net sales during Q2, 2014-15, stood at Rs 11,996.33 crore, up 17.47 per cent as against Rs 10,211.83 crore in the same quarter of last fiscal.
MSI sold 3,21,898 units of vehicles during Q2, a growth of 16.80 per cent, compared with 2,75,586 units in the corresponding year-ago period.
Sales in the domestic market stood at 2,87,687 units, up 19.09 per cent while exports were at 34,211 units, up marginally by 0.54 per cent.
"Growth in domestic sales and cost reduction initiatives by the company contributed significantly to bottomline growth during the quarter," Maruti said.
Meanwhile, the Board of Directors of the company have recommended an increase in the FII limit to 40 per cent, from 24 per cent currently.
Maruti's net profit during half year period ended September 30, 2014 stood at Rs 1624.82 crore, up 24.8 per cent, as against Rs 1,301.84 crore in the same period last year.
During half year period ended September 30, 2014, the company sold a total of 6,21,792 vehicles, an increase of 14.7 per cent and its net sales stood at Rs 23,069.84 crore, up 14.2 per cent over the same period last year.
The MSI scrip was trading at Rs 3,248.70 apiece, up 1.35 per cent, on the BSE.

Black money: India pulls out of int l info sharing pactPrint
NEW DELHI: A day after the central government submitted a list of black money account holders to the Supreme Court, India pulled out of a multilateral information sharing agreement, CNN IBN reports.
The government move is surprising considering that the Multilateral Competent Authority Agreement, signed by 51 countries in Berlin on Wednesday, enables automatic information sharing between the signatory countries.
The agreement also would provide for collecting, exchanging information on tax payers' overseas assets.
The report adds that an uncertainty over the ability to comply with confidentiality clause of the agreement led to the government move.
Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi Wednesday submitted three sets of documents, containing the list of 627 people having illegal accounts in foreign banks, to the Supreme Court in a sealed cover.
The government also submitted a status report in a sealed cover.
The apex court said only SIT chairman and vice chairman can open the seal and asked the investigating agency to submit the status report of its probe by November-end. The apex court allowed the Centre to put forth its grievances regarding various treaties with foreign countries before the SIT.
The Supreme Court had earlier on Tuesday reprimanded the Centre after the latter released the names of just three account holders on Monday and asked it to release the names of all the people who have stashed away black money in foreign banks. (With inputs from agencies)
Recommend

Shah Rukh Khan: I read reviews only if they are funny or else stay away from them"I don't read reviews (not taking away from the importance of reviews)," SRK told mediapersons here Wednesday.
By: Indo-Asian News Service | Kolkata | Posted: October 30, 2014 3:38 pm | Updated: October 30, 2014 5:30 pm
Bollywood superstar Shah Rukh Khan has confessed he stays away from reading film reviews and catches them only if they are funny.
“I don’t read reviews (not taking away from the importance of reviews),” SRK told mediapersons here Wednesday.
“I have a sense of humour and most of the time my sense of humour is about how I can make fun of myself, about 70 percent of the time, and 30 percent of the time it is about making fun of others.
“But they take it very, very, seriously so I stopped doing it,” he added. SRK was in town to celebrate the success of his latest release “Happy New Year.”
“So, I do it just about myself and if it’s a review I try and catch it only if it’s funny. If it’s serious about how filmmaking should be, I am really serious about filmmaking, so I don’t really want to get into that,” he said.
The Farah Khan-directed “Happy New Year”, which released Oct 24, is yielding profits at the box office – it crossed Rs. 100 crore in the opening weekend itself. Produced by Shah Rukh’s Red Chillies Entertainments Pvt. Ltd. (RCE), the film raked in Rs.108.86 crore.

Rohit  Manish perfect in practice as India  A  down Sri LankaPrint
Rohit's scintillating knock was laced with 18 fours and a six, and included some beautiful cover drives. (Source: File)
By: Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: October 30, 2014 6:04 pm | Updated: October 30, 2014 9:20 pm
A fit-again Rohit Sharma and Manish Pandey slammed strokeful centuries as India A feasted on Sri Lanka’s mediocre attack before registering a comfortable 88-run victory in a warm-up match for the visitors ahead of their ODI series against India, at the CCI in Mumbai on Thursday.
Playing his first match after recovering from a fractured finger and shoulder injury, Sharma cracked a brilliant 111-ball 142 before getting run out.
Pandey stroked his way to an unbeaten 135 off 113 balls at the Brabourne Stadium.
Invited to bat, India A scored runs at a brisk pace, with the openers – Sharma and Unmukt Chand – carting the bowlers all over the park and helping the team post 72 runs in the first 10 overs. The home team notched up a mammoth 382 for six and in reply, the Sri Lankans were restricted to 294 for nine.
Sharma dominated proceedings initially before Chand, too, upped the ante.
The former U-19 World Cup-winning captain continued with his rich vein of form having previously scored an unbeaten 79 and 101 against the West Indies earlier this month.
The Delhi batsman struck eight fours and a six in his 39-ball 52 before being caught behind by Kumara Sangakkara off Lahiru Gamage.
Sharma, who was on 36 when Chand departed, forged a 214- run partnership with Pandey. The duo remained aggressive as they sent the bowlers on a leather hunt.
Sharma, playing after a two-month injury layoff, showed no signs of discomfort and took to the attack from the start. The 27- year old’s scintillating knock was laced with 18 fours and a six, and included some beautiful cover drives.
The Mumbai batsman fell short of his crease while trying to steal a second run when a direct hit from Lahiru Gamage found the target in the 41st over.
The 25-year old Karnataka batsman, Pandey, however remained undeterred. His brilliant knock included 15 fours and a six, while skipper Manoj Tiwary chipped in with a cameo, scoring 36 with the help of two sixes and as many fours.
After putting up a solid display, India A lost three quick wickets in the penultimate over, but it did not cause much worry to them as by then the batsmen had already dented the Lankan bowling attack.
The island nation opted to give a chance to all their 15 members and utilised the services of as many as 10 players in the bowling department.
The visitors replaced Sangakkara after 26 overs and Kusal Perera took his place behind the stumps.
It was a bad day for the Lankan bowling outfit and Dhammika Prasad was the pick of the bowlers with figures of three for 57, while Gamage bagged had two for 41.
Chasing a mammoth total, Sri Lanka suffered a jolt when they lost opener Kusal Perera (4) in the first over. The left-handed batsman was caught behind off Dhawal Kulkarni on the last ball of the over.
India A struck again when leg spinner Karn Sharma trapped Dilshan leg before off the first continued…

Duleep Trophy final: Rahul s unbeaten ton gives South the leadRahul's knock came in 205 balls and helped the team maintain a healthy run-rate through the day. (Express photo by Amit Mehra)
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 30, 2014 6:22 pm
Karnataka batsman Lokesh Rahul gave the selectors some food for thought before the upcoming Australia tour after the opener struck a classy century to give South Zone a vital first innings lead against Central Zone on Day 2 of the Duleep Trophy final, in New Delhi on Thursday.
Responding to Central’s first innings score of 276, South rode Rahul’s unbeaten 168 to end the day on 308 for three, enjoying a lead of 32 runs, at the Feroz Shah Kotla.
Rahul’s knock, laced with 18 boundaries and two sixes, came in 205 balls and helped the team maintain a healthy run-rate through the day.
While Pankaj Singh (3/55) brought some cheer back in the Central camp striking three quick blows with the old ball, the day’s hero undoubtedly was 22-year-old Lokesh, who showed that his 1000 plus runs in the Ranji Trophy last season wasn’t a mere flash in the pan.
His easy stance, solid back foot play and flowing drives were a treat to watch and the two national selectors Vikram Rathour and Saba Karim must have been satisfied with what they saw.
The best part about Rahul’s batting was his ability to capitalise on some mediocre bowling and a helpful Kotla track, where one could plonk his front foot and hit through the line.
He also proved his penchant for big scores on big occasions having reached the three-figure mark in last year’s Ranji Trophy final against Maharashtra in Hyderabad.
Robin Uthappa (80), just like his namesake Robin Bist, would be cursing his luck for not converting a great start as a three-figure mark, was there for the taking.
Rahul-Uthappa duo added 168 for the opening stand but more importantly maintained a run-rate of over 4 runs per over throughout.
Initially, both the batsmen matched each other stroke for stroke. If Uthappa hit a straight drive, Rahul matched it with an elegant on drive. If Uthappa back-cut left-arm spinner Ali Murtaza, Rahul danced down the track to hit a cover drive.
Central skipper Piyush Chawla was hammered into submission by the duo as any long hop was deposited in the stands.
There were times when Pankaj and Pandey dug in short and he was upto the task with pull shots infront of square.
Uthappa was unlucky as he played across the line to a straighter delivery from Jalaj Saxena and was adjudged leg before. Uthappa played 97 balls and hit 13 fours along with two sixes.
Rahul reached his fifth first-class century as he lofted Chawla over long-on for a six and pushed for a single to reach the landmark.
It was Pankaj, who struck with the old ball as Baba Aparajith (21), Dinesh Karthik (0), Ramaswamy Prasanna (0) were gone in quick succession as South had a mini slump being reduced to 233 for 4.
But Rahul carried on as he reached his 150 with an off drive off Ishwar Pandey. He has Hanuma Vihari (38 batting) for company.
Brief Scores: Central Zone 1st Innings 276 all out continued…

Microsoft Band fitness device arrives for $199Microsoft Band will allow users to monitor their fitness and exercise regime.
By: Reuters | Posted: October 30, 2014 7:00 pm | Updated: October 30, 2014 9:33 pm
Microsoft Corp launched a device called “Microsoft Band” that will allow users to monitor their fitness and exercise regime, marking the world’s largest software company’s debut into the wearable technology market.
The wrist-worn device has sensors that monitor pulse rate, measure calorie burn and track sleep quality, Microsoft said in a blog post.
Microsoft said the device will be available in the United States in limited quantities from Thursday for $199.
Apple Inc unveiled a smart watch on Sept. 9 that will combine health and fitness tracking with communications and will go on sale in early 2015, while Samsung Electronics Co  unveiled its Galaxy Gear smart watch in September 2013. The Apple Watch will be priced at $349.
Microsoft also launched a health app called “Microsoft Health” that includes a cloud service for users to store and combine health and fitness data.
The Microsoft Health app will collect data from the fitness band and will work on iPhones and Android smartphones, as well as its own Windows Phone.

Now  Arvind Mayaram shunted to Minority Affairs MinistryE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Tata undertakes investment in Swiss solar firmUpdated: October 30, 2014 20:44 IST
Tata undertakes investment in Swiss solar firm
PTI
solar
The Tata group has invested in a Swiss start-up solar company as several companies from the European country vie for a share in the Indian solar energy market, which is seen as having a huge potential due to its growing energy needs.
“Tata is an investor in Flisom and has a significant investment in the company,” Chief Operating Officer of Flisom Sudheer Kumar said speaking at the company’s research office in Dubendorf here. Asked about the Tata share of investment in the Swiss start up that deals with Solar energy generation equipment, Chief Executive Officer of Flisom Ulfert Ruhle merely said there were no majority stakeholders in the company.
Mr. Kumar said the copper indium gallium selenide (CIGS) solar cells developed by his company were suited for a country like India.
“We have developed these cells on a thin film which can be folded and stored inside the house at night. While the cost of manufacturing and installation is lower than other solar cells, the efficiency is good and processing takes place at high speed,” he added.
Meyer Burger, another company dealing with Photovoltaic materials which is setting up two Solar power plants in Gujarat and Kerala, is also hoping to do more business with Indian companies and is ready to pass on the technology as well.

Younis Khan  Azhar Ali make Australia toil hard in second TestYounis added 208 runs with Azhar Ali (101 not out) in an unbroken third wicket partnership. (Source: File)
By: Reuters | Posted: October 30, 2014 9:08 pm
Younis Khan’s prolific bat continued to torment Australia as he struck his third successive Test hundred to put Pakistan in a commanding position on day one of the second and final Test on Thursday.
The former captain, whose twin centuries in the first Test secured Pakistan’s 221-run win in Dubai, extended his red hot form to hit an unbeaten 111 and help Pakistan to a strong 304 for two wickets at the close.
Younis, who turns 37 next month, added 208 runs with Azhar Ali (101 not out) in an unbroken third wicket partnership to boost Pakistan’s chances of securing their first Test series win over Australia in 20 years.
Australia’s bowlers struggled on a flat wicket that offered little for their pacemen, while their spinners rarely troubled the nimble-footed Pakistan batsmen.
Captain Michael Clarke constantly changed field settings, often employed unusual fielding positions, frequently rotated his bowlers and finally had a go himself, but it all proved largely fruitless.
To make matters worse, Australia exhausted both their reviews trying to get Younis leg before wicket after their appeals had been turned down.
One shot that symbolised Pakistan’s complete dominance was Younis’s slog-swept six off Nathan Lyon in the 74th over that took the batsman to 86.
Younis struck Glenn Maxwell over his head for a boundary to bring up his 27th Test century and underline his stature as the lynchpin of Pakistan’s batting lineup.
Younis, who also hit 10 boundaries in his 155-ball knock, found an able ally in Ali who overcame occasional discomfort to score his sixth Test century before bad light stopped play.
After Pakistan won a crucial toss on the dry and slow track at Abu Dhabi’s Sheikh Zayed Stadium, off-spinner Lyon dismissed Ahmed Shehzad (35) in the morning session and paceman Mitchell Johnson denied Mohammad Hafeez (45) his half-century after lunch before Younis and Ali started dishing out the punishment.
Steve Smith created some half-chances in the final session with his leg-spinners, but could not craft a vital breakthrough Ali, who had offered a sharp chance to Smith at short leg off Lyon, could have been caught at slip or at short mid-wicket as well but on both occasions the ball died short of the fielders.
Ali’s resolute 223-ball knock included six boundaries.
Pakistan retained the same 11 who featured in their 221-run victory in the first Test, while Australia made two changes, dumping their two-pronged spin strategy that backfired in Dubai.
Paceman Mitchell Starc came in for left-arm spinner Steve O’Keefe, who bled 219 runs for his four wickets in the first Test.
All-rounder Maxwell, who bowls off-spin, replaced number three batsman Alex Doolan, who managed scores of five and zero in Dubai.

Apple CEO Tim Cook comes out as gayE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Kerala Blasters notch up maiden ISL winBy: Press Trust of India | Pune | Posted: October 30, 2014 10:43 pm
Overcoming a one-goal deficit, Kerala Blasters FC edged past FC Pune City 2-1 to register their first win in the Hero Indian Super League (ISL) at the Shree Shiv Chhatrapati Sports Complex Stadium, in Pune on Thursday.
French International David Trezeguet gave the hosts an early lead with his 15th minute strike to bring the home fans to their feet.
Trezeguet took a volley from a spectacular ball delivered by John Goossens from the left wing to fire it into the goal.
But the cheer was shortlived as Kerala soon pulled up their socks to go full throttle and India U-23 forward Chinadorai Sabeeth equalised in the 41st minute.
It was a sweet combination of moves as Stephen Pearson’s well-taken corner was directed at Cedric Hengbart, who headed it towards the goal and an alert Sabeeth quietly tucked the ball into the net.
This was Sabeeth’s first goal in the league and the 23-year-old striker celebrated it in great style.
Attacks and counter-attacks continued from either end of the goal but the score remained 1-1 at half-time.
The break did not prove too good for the home team as Pune goalkeeper Emanuele Belardi of Italy walked off the field in the 50th minute and Churchill’s Arindam Bhattacharya took charge at the post.
But Sabeeth and Sandesh Jhingan continued to put some nice passes in the left flank to keep Pune defenders guessing.
Kerala think-tank then came up with a substitution as Penn Orji replaced Brazil’s Guilherme Milhomem Gusmao in the 61st minute.
Orji soon made it count when the Kenyan international scored in the 65th minute.
Iain Hume’s spectacular pass from the right wing was safely taken inside the box by Orji and he perfectly shot it at the bottom right corner to give Kerala the decisive lead.
From then on Pune tried hard to comeback into the game but the away team proved to be strong with their defense.
With the win, Kerala have overtaken Pune in the standings and are placed fifth in the table led by Atletico de Kolkata.
Kerala next travel to Mumbai on November 2 while Pune visit Kolkata on November 7.

Murray books ATP Finals berth after reaching Paris quartersMurray was in control throughout, losing only two points on his first serve as he took a measure of revenge. (Source: AP)
By: Associated Press | Paris | Posted: October 30, 2014 11:37 pm
Andy Murray extended his impressive run of form to reach the quarterfinals at the Paris Masters and book his place in the ATP Finals on Thursday.
After missing last year’s season-ending tournament following surgery on his back, the eight-seeded Scot pushed hard to qualify for the indoor event for the seventh straight year, winning three titles over the past five weeks.
His clinical 6-3, 6-3 win over No. 9 seed Grigor Dimitrov at the Palais Omnisports guaranteed him a berth at the O2 Arena from Nov. 9-16.
Murray was in control throughout, losing only two points on his first serve as he took a measure of revenge following his loss to Dimitrov in the quarterfinals at Wimbledon this year.
Already qualified for the finals, third-seeded Stan Wawrinka failed to serve out the match before losing a 6-7 (2), 7-5, 7-6 (3) to Kevin Anderson in a match lasting nearly three hours as the hard-hitting South-African rallied to advance to the quarterfinals in Paris for the first time.
“I should have won,” said Wawrinka, who has been hampered by a virus this week and coughed a lot during his press conference. “I just rushed. In the end, I made stupid mistakes, but I’m not panicking. I’m still Top 4 in the world and I have a Masters to play, a Davis Cup final on clay, which will be totally different from usual tournaments.”
Wawrinka will be teaming up with his Switzerland’s teammate Roger Federer in the Davis Cup final against France from Nov. 21-23 in Lille.
“This year I had ups and downs that were very high or very low,” added Wawrinka. “But I wouldn’t change anything compared to any other year of my career. I can still play well in the Masters, win the Davis Cup, and the year will be fabulous.”
Wawrinka, who was two points from the match when leading 5-4, 30-0 in the decider, lost his third straight meeting against Anderson following losses at Indian Wells and Toronto earlier this season.
Since his quarterfinals exit at the U.S. Open, he has won only two matches and will travel to London with his form in question.
“I can’t say everything is fine because I’m not winning many matches, but there is nothing much I can do about it,” Wawrinka said. “I’m not going to change my racket or change my strings just because I’m not winning matches right now.”
Anderson, who hit 18 aces against Wawrinka, will next face Tomas Berdych, who stayed on course for qualifying for the finals for the fifth straight year by beating Feliciano Lopez 7-5, 6-3.
Berdych, the 2005 champion at the Palais Omnisports, hit eight aces and saved six of the eight break points he faced to move one match continued…

Artist Melts 100 Tons Of Arctic Ice To Remind You That Climate Change Is Realreddit
When 100 tons of Arctic sheet ice is sitting in the middle of your town square, it's difficult to avoid talking about climate change. Just ask the folks in Copenhagen, who have come face-to-ice with 12 large blocks of frozen fjord water, all in the name of environmental art.
The Danes have artist Olafur Eliasson to thank for the strange configuration of Greenland-bred ice. It's part of a project titled " Ice Watch ," involving a dozen icy chunks arranged to resemble an ominous clock. Though the pieces look as though they've been surreptitiously washed ashore in the middle of a city, the melting artifacts serve as a direct call to arms: it represents the amount of ice that disappears every 100th of a second due to conditions of global warming.
Loading ice at Nuuk Port and Harbour, Greenland (Photo: Group Greenland)
"The ice is melting," a description of the project proclaims. "Sea levels are rising. Temperatures are rising. Climate change is a fact."
Eliasson worked with geologist Minik Rosing to create the installation, which is enjoying its last day on view this Wednesday. The two conceived of the project following a discussion about the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change 's Fifth Assessment Report with the Danish Ministry of Climate, Energy and Building. Copenhagen, which seeks to become carbon neutral by 2025, is hosting the panel this month.
The ice of "Ice Watch" indeed weighs in at a whopping 100 tons, having been collected by Royal Arctic Line divers and dockworkers near the Nuup Kangerlua fjord outside Nuuk, Greenland. The pieces were shipped in four refrigerated containers to Denmark before being left to melt in the middle of the central city square. As they crack, break and disappear, members of the public are able to witness firsthand the death of Arctic ice. Frank Jensen, Copenhagen's mayor, and Rasmus Helveg Petersen, the Danish Minister for Climate, Energy and Building, stand behind the striking show.
Pieces of ice from the Greenland ice sheet float in Nuup Kangerlua. The Nuup Kangelua was chosen for logistical reasons. This is a site, close to Greenland’s capital Nuuk, where the ice could be retrieved and shipped to Copenhagen with minimal effort and spending of resources. (Photo: Group Greenland)
"Olafur Eliasson and Minik Rosing have created a work of art with 100 tons of inland ice. This number corresponds to the amount of inland ice melting every hundredth of a second," Petersen remarked in a press statement. "We can save the ice by burning less coal, conserving electricity, and driving better cars."
"'Ice Watch' is an earnest reminder to us all about what is happening right now with the inland ice," Jensen added.
For Eliasson, "perception and physical experience" are important facets of art, just as they are integral aspects of social activism. "As an artist, I am interested in how we give knowledge a body. What does a thought feel like, and how can felt knowledge encourage action?" he explained. " We are all part of the ‘global we’; we must all work together to ensure a stable climate for future generations."
Ice Watch by Olafur Eliasson and Minik Rosing, City Hall Square, Copenhagen (Photo: Anders Sune Berg)
Eliasson has worked with ice before, once carting sizable chunks from Iceland’s largest glacier, Vatnajökull, to the halls of MoMA PS1 in New York City. Visitors could walk around these ice pieces as well, while the blocks slowly melted in a refrigerated space kept just below freezing temperatures. "The physical experience of centuries-old ice from the glaciers of Eliasson’s native Iceland makes tangible a history that extends beyond the human life span," a description for the 2013 project states, "time that is measured in thousands of years rather than mere decades."
You might wonder why Eliasson has been so quick to take ice -- a dwindling part of Earth's landscape -- out of its natural environment. We reached out to the artist to find out, and he had this to say:
"The icebergs transported to Copenhagen were fished out of the fjord, that is, [they] had already calved off the ice cap and had been irreversibly lost to the sea. The icebergs on the Town Hall Square in Copenhagen are symbols of a problem of global scale. The amount of ice transported to Copenhagen from the Nuuk Fjord has no significance on the scale of the loss of ice from the Greenland Ice Cap. The 100 tons melting in Copenhagen is the amount that is melting from the Greenland Ice Cap in 1/100 of a second. The incomprehensible scale of the loss due to warming of the Arctic is the very reason why the problem has to be addressed and public awareness must be raised."
Loading ice at Nuuk Port and Harbour, Greenland (Photo: Group Greenland)
Installing inland ice from Greenland, City Hall Square, Copenhagen (Photo: Anders Sune Berg)
Ice Watch by Olafur Eliasson and Minik Rosing, City Hall Square, Copenhagen (Photo: Anders Sune Berg)
Olafur Eliasson and Minik Rosing (Photo: Anders Sune Berg)
Ice Watch by Olafur Eliasson and Minik Rosing, City Hall Square, Copenhagen (Photo: Anders Sune Berg)
Ice Watch by Olafur Eliasson and Minik Rosing, City Hall Square, Copenhagen (Photo: Anders Sune Berg)
Ice Watch by Olafur Eliasson and Minik Rosing, City Hall Square, Copenhagen (Photo: Anders Sune Berg)
Ice Watch by Olafur Eliasson and Minik Rosing, City Hall Square, Copenhagen (Photo: Anders Sune Berg)
Olafur Eliasson speaking at the opening of Ice Watch, City Hall Square, Copenhagen (Photo: Anders Sune Berg)
Ice Watch by Olafur Eliasson and Minik Rosing, City Hall Square, Copenhagen (Photo: Anders Sune Berg)
Pieces of ice from the Greenland ice sheet float in Nuup Kangerlua (Photo: Group Greenland)
Harvesting ice floating in Nuup Kangerlua, Greenland (Photo: Group Greenland)
Harvesting ice floating in Nuup Kangerlua, Greenland (Photo: Group Greenland)
CORRECTION: Due to a mistake in the "Ice Watch" press release, Rasmus Helveg Petersen's name was incorrectly identified as Morten Helveg Petersen. It has since been updated in this article.
More:

Arun Jaitley tells taxmen to chase black money within countryE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Unhappy with shopping site May get easier to take legal actionYou are here: Home > Collections
Consumer Protection Act may get more teeth; new law may help you sue online retailers from your city
Deepshikha Sikarwar, ET Bureau Oct 31, 2014, 08.16AM IST
Tags:
Consumer court
(Government is planning…)
NEW DELHI: Unhappy with your online purchase and want to take legal action against the seller? You will soon be able to do it from your home city, rather than go where the seller is based.
To help customers, the government is planning to revamp the Consumer Protection Act in the forthcoming winter session of Parliament to allow 'territoryfree' legal action against any goods or service provider .
Under the current rules, a consumer can initiate legal action against a seller only in the place where transaction takes place.
"The current restriction of jurisdiction cannot work in an e-commerce environment. We are looking at changes in the consumer protection act to ensure it addresses these issues," a senior government official privy to the deliberations on the issue told ET.
The ministry of consumer affairs is working on this revamp to safeguard interest of consumers in a world where shopping is not constrained by geography. The existing law, which came into being in 1986, cannot effectively deal with challenges posed by new economic, business and technological developments.
"Technology has erased geographic boundaries... For effective consumer protection it is essential that new law addresses these challenges," the official said. The new provisions will cover both goods and service providers but only those that operate physically from the Indian soil.
The new law would cover not just vendors in online space but also marketplace providers such as Amazon and Flipkart. A significant chunk of India's $10 billion and rapidly growing e-commerce business comes from outside the big cities. Snapdeal says 60% of its business comes from outside the top 15 cities and Flipkart gets half its orders from nonmetros. The government aims to ensure the new law empowers consumers to take on errant etailers.
A significant chunk of India's $10 billion and rapidly growing e-commerce business comes from outside the big cities. Snapdeal says 60% of its business comes from outside the top 15 cities and Flipkart gets half its orders from nonmetros. The government aims to ensure the new law empowers consumers to take on errant etailers.
But etailers fear it may be abused. "Online shoppers are already a pampered lot," a senior executive at a top ecommerce firm said. "Most complaints are in any case settled in the customer's favour. Such rules are prone to get misused."
"This is a welcome order for consumers, as they can file for damages or a compensatory suit in their local jurisdiction saving time and money," says Sanjay Ashar, Senior Partner of Crawford Bailey & Co.
"However it will be difficult for ecommerce companies to fight at several courts. When a company has many cases related to similar products or services, it can go to High Court and transfer those cases to one place. Also, if two courts in different places pass contradicting orders, it will be difficult for the company to know which one to follow, until they get clarity from higher courts. This will certainly increase the legal cost of the e-commerce industry."
Once the revamped law is in place, consumers will be able to approach their local consumer court against a service or a goods provider who may be situated anywhere in the country.
Any "unfair trade practices" including a false claim could be challenged under the new law. The department of industrial policy and promotion (DIPP) had taken up the issue of regulation of ecommerce retailers with consumer affairs ministry. Brick-and mortar retailers associations had represented to the DIPP after leading online sellers including Flipkart and Amazon offered deep discounts to promote sales.
A new inter-ministerial group has also been formed by the government chaired by consumer affairs secretary to deal with new issues in the consumer space.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Washington Post Secret Service Reporting Relied On Investigator Tied To Prostitution ClaimWashington Post Secret Service Reporting Relied On Investigator Tied To Prostitution Claim
Posted:
reddit
NEW YORK -– When The Washington Post recently revived allegations that the White House gave preferential treatment to a volunteer advance staffer in the aftermath of the 2012 Secret Service prostitution scandal in Cartagena, Colombia, the paper relied heavily on details from an investigation led by David Nieland.
Nieland, who served as the lead investigator for the Department of Homeland Security inspector general’s office, has suggested there was a White House cover-up in response to the scandal. The Oct. 8 Post story , written by Carol Leonnig and David Nakamura, included Nieland's claims and noted he was "suspended for an unrelated personnel matter" -- which Nieland dismissed as retaliation for his criticisms of the administration's handling of the controversy.
The Post didn’t elaborate on the "unrelated personnel matter" in its story earlier this month, but The New York Times reported Tuesday night that Nieland was suspended for two weeks in 2013 after circulating “photographs that he had taken of a female intern’s feet." The reported reason for the suspension is notable since it calls into question Nieland's claim that management suspended him as retribution for his questions about the investigation.
The Times also reported a bombshell allegation that Nieland allegedly hired a prostitute himself in Florida this past May. Nieland denied hiring a prostitute in an email to The Times, which reported that he would not answer investigators' questions about the allegation and “quietly resigned” from the Department of Homeland Security in August.
Post executive editor Marty Baron did not respond to The Huffington Post's questions about whether the paper was aware of the allegations against Nieland before publishing his claims and findings in its Oct. 8 story.
Leonnig and Nakamura followed up on the Times story Tuesday night, but did not mention the reason behind Nieland's 2013 suspension. Leonnig did not respond to HuffPost's questions about her own reporting and Nakamura referred all questions to Baron.
News of the allegations against Nieland raise additional questions about the Post’s Oct. 8 story, as well as its controversial decision to identify the former White House volunteer who allegedly hired a prostitute in Cartagena without direct evidence he had done so.
Jonathan Dach, who was then a Yale law student and unpaid White House advance staffer, was accused in April 2012 of hiring a prostitute in Cartagena because hotel records indicated a woman was registered to his room that night. Dach has long denied the allegation and the White House cleared him of any wrongdoing following a 2012 review.
Richard Sauber, an attorney for Dach, seized on the Times report about Nieland in comments to HuffPost on Wednesday, arguing that it helped rebut the two-and-a-half-year old prostitution allegation against his client.
"The New York Times story shows just how thoroughly wrong The Washington Post has been," Sauber said. "The Post story which ignored repeated denials and instead relied on anonymous sources and unsupported allegations just had its last legs shot out from under it. The Post relied heavily on Mr. Nieland's accusations that he was retaliated against for truth telling when he was actually suspended after he circulated photographs that he had taken of a female intern’s feet."
Sauber reiterated that Dach "did not sign in or have a prostitute in his room" and "never engaged in any inappropriate behavior in Cartagena."  He said that "any allegations to the contrary have always been outrageous and are even more so today.”
The Post spoke with Sauber when considering reporting Dach’s name earlier this year, but ended up holding off on its story. Months later, Republicans began suggesting the White House may have given Dach preferential treatment. The Times reported that Rep. Jason Chaffetz (R-Utah) used Nieland's statement "as evidence that the White House mishandled its investigation of the Cartagena incident" in an Oct. 3 letter to the White House. The Post published its story five days later, on Oct. 8.
The Post's naming of Dach prompted a further investigation by his alma mater's newspaper. Last week, the Yale Daily News interviewed 32 people who know Dach, including members of the university community who “personally refute[d] any possibility that he could have been involved in the scandal.”
Asked recently about the decision to identify Dach in connection to the allegations, Baron told The Huffington Post that the Oct. 8 story “was about more than one individual."
Baron said The Post looked broadly at how the White House responded to the scandal, at how it addressed claims of preferential treatment, and at the “conflict between the lead investigator and his superiors at the Department of Homeland Security, along with allegations of political motivations for excising information from his report.”
But since that piece ran, The Post has been investigating Dach specifically. According to a source familiar with the paper's reporting, a Post reporter contacted friends of Dach last week for a possible follow-up story.
More:

Kobe And Dwight Look Like They Really Don t Like Each Otherreddit
LOS ANGELES, CA - OCTOBER 28:  Kobe Bryant #24 of the Los Angeles Lakers and Dwight Howard #12 of the Houston Rockets exchange words during a secong half incident that resulted in a technical foul against each player, a personal foul against Bryant, and a flagrant foul against Howard at Staples Center on October 28, 2014 in Los Angeles, California.  The Rockets won 108-90. NOTE TO USER: User expressly acknowledges and agrees that, by downloading and or using this photograph, User is consenting t
The apparent disdain Kobe Bryant and Dwight Howard have for each other was glaring in the fourth quarter of their season-opener on Tuesday night.
Bryant blanketed the Houston Rockets center as he looked to make an outlet pass from underneath his own basket. Howard then tried to create some separation with his elbows and struck Bryant in the chin. After a foul was called on Howard, the two started jawing at each other and had to be separated. The officials reviewed the play, handing Bryant a personal foul, Howard a flagrant foul 1 and hitting both with a technical foul.
While the two were trash-talking on the court, Bryant appeared to be telling Howard to "Try me." Bryant continued the trash-talk during the review, staring at Howard from the Lakers' bench and saying, "You're soft."
(GIF via @cjzero )
Bryant, who reportedly was "a complete turnoff" to Howard when the Lakers tried to re-sign him as a free agent in the summer of 2013, was asked after the Lakers' 108-90 loss if he dislikes his former teammate.
"He's a teddy bear," Bryant said , via the Los Angeles Times. "You can't help but like him. I really mean that. He's a really nice kid. But when you're competing and you have a goal in mind. Certain times we don't see eye to eye."
Lakers head coach Byron Scott had a different take on the altercation.
"They don't like each other, simple as that," Scott said, per ESPN.com.
More:

Thai elite boosts struggling economyThais with a taste for luxury boost struggling economy
By Michael Peel in Bangkok
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2c52c3d6-6028-11e4-98e6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Thai fitness touristsTourists swap Thailand’s beaches for cage fights
Patrick McGee
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/893bdc42-5d29-11e4-9753-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India could soon see a sovereign rating upgradeIndia could soon see a sovereign rating upgrade, says Moody’s
ET Bureau Oct 31, 2014, 01.54AM IST
Tags:
Baa3
( Global rival Standard…)
MUMBAI: Ratings firm Moody's has reversed its India outlook, saying it may upgrade the country's sovereign rating if inflation stays under control in the long term and the recent measures to boost growth and attract investments are implemented properly.
"We would revisit our assessment of India's institutional strength if its inflation metrics, investment climate, and policy predictability and transparency were to show sustained improvement," Moody's Investor Service said in a report released on Thursday. It marks an about-turn in Moody's outlook on India. In its previous report in August, the ratings firm had said recurrent inflationary pressures had constrained India's sovereign rating as they keep domestic capital costs high, erode domestic purchasing power and savings, and lower its international competitiveness.
Currently India is rated Baa3 by Moody's, the lowest notch investment grade, with a stable outlook. Global rival Standard and Poor's (S&P), which too has put India in the lowest notch of investment grade, too, had revised India's sovereign outlook from negative to stable a month ago on September 27. The Moody's report on Thursday welcomed some recent measures announced by the government and the Reserve Bank of India to facilitate economic growth, boost the efficiency of the banking system, and attract long-term investment.
"If implemented, these initiatives will enhance the sovereign's credit profile, as they will support sustained GDP growth at higher levels, mitigate fiscal, financial and balance of payments risks, and demonstrate increased institutional capacity," it said. These measures include efforts to attract overseas investment, infrastructure development initiatives, improvements to the monetary policy framework offering clarity on inflation targets, banking sector reforms, and the promotion of the government's new scheme for financial inclusion, among others.
Moody's said these initiatives are incremental rather than radical and it may take several quarters before their impact is visible in growth. But, together, several initiatives are likely to raise GDP growth by improving India's investment climate, allowing the economy to reap the benefits of lower commodity prices, and international financial flows seeking real investment assets, it said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

CCI nod to Adani Power-Lanco Infra power plant dealcapacity
(The deal, the largest in…)
NEW DELHI: The Competition Commission of India (CCI) has cleared Adani Power's proposed deal with Lanco Infratech to buy latter's 1,200-MW imported coal-fired power plant at Udupi in Karnataka for more than Rs 6,000 crore, marking the biggest acquisition in India's thermal power industry. "Post the combination, the combined market share of Adani, both in terms of installed capacity and electricity generation, would not be significant enough to raise any competition concern. The proposed combination is not likely to have any appreciable adverse effect on competition in India," the CCI observed while clearing the deal.
The deal, the largest in thermal power in terms of value and capacity, catapults the Adani Group, already India's biggest private sector power producer, to a bigger league with a capacity of nearly 10,000 MW while helping Lanco reduce debt.
Adani Power's current installed power generation capacity is 8,580 MW. It is also in the business of power transmission in some regions of India. Udupi is India's first independent power project in the country based on 100% imported coal with a captive jetty of 4 million tonne per annum and an external coal-handling system located at Mangalore port.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Turning young: Dabur Chyawanprash in biscuit...You are here: Home > Collections > Emami
Dabur Chyawanprash to be launched in biscuits and bars variants to attract young customers
Ratna Bhushan, ET Bureau Oct 31, 2014, 11.11AM IST
Tags:
Biscuit
(abur will soon roll out Chyawanprash…)
NEW DELHI: Dabur will soon roll out Chyawanprash in biscuit and snack bar variants as part of its bid to make the 'traditional' brand appealing to young consumers and make the 130-year-old company 'future ready'.
KK Chutani, chief marketing officer and executive director for consumer care business at Dabur, said the company plans to modernise its over half-a-century-old brand Dabur Chyawanprash, along with other brands in its portfolio such as Hajmola digestive candy and Pudin Hara.
While biscuits is an over Rs 10,000-crore category with Parle and Britannia leading it, snack bars as a category has not yet picked up in the country. Dabur dominates theRs 550-crore chyawanprash category with close to 65% share followed by Emami. While the category has been growing 10%-12% a year, with its brown sticky appearance, chyawanprash has a non-contemporary feel.
Dabur and Emami have always been trying to make it more appealing to consumers. Between the two brands, some of the biggest names in the entertainment and sports world, including Shah Rukh Khan, Madhuri Dixit and MS Dhoni, have endorsed chyawanprash.
While Dixit is currently the face of Dabur Chyawanprash, the company has roped in Anil Kapoor to endorse a soon-to-be launched premium variant, which offers to boost 'stamina and vitality'. Hence the choice of roping in the 50-plus Kapoor.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Feds slow march to first rise continuesFed’s slow march to first rise continues
Robin Harding in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/da7dc2be-5fae-11e4-986c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hawkish Fed hits emerging market currenciesHawkish Fed hits emerging market currencies
Michael Hunter
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f42d58b6-600b-11e4-98e6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Markets open at record high  NSE Nifty above 8200On Thursday, Sensex surged about 248 points to end at new peak of 27,346.33, extending gains for the third day.
By: Reuters | Mumbai | Posted: October 31, 2014 9:44 am | Updated: October 31, 2014 4:11 pm
BSE Sensex surged nearly 2 percent on Friday to a record high for the second consecutive day after Bank of Japan’s surprise expansion of its massive stimulus programme raised hopes for additional foreign inflows, boosting blue-chips such as Larsen and Toubro.
The 30-share BSE index rose as much as 2 percent to an all-time high of 27,894.32, while the NSE index gained as much as 1.98 percent to mark a record high of 8,330.70, surpassing their previous highs hit on Thursday.
Larsen & Toubro surged 3.6 percent, while Housing Development Finance Corp rose 4.1 percent.
Both the indexes are also heading towards their eighth month of gains in nine.
 

Vatsal Seth scares Ek Hasina Thi co-star SanjeedaSheikhAll work and no play can make a TV show set a dull place! So, to add some fun, actor Vatsal Sheth decided to pull a fast one on Sanjeeda Sheikh on the set of "Ek Hasina Thi" recently.
By: Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai | Posted: October 31, 2014 9:35 am
All work and no play can make a TV show set a dull place! So, to add some fun, actor Vatsal Sheth decided to pull a fast one on Sanjeeda Sheikh on the set of “Ek Hasina Thi” recently.
While shooting in the wee hours of the morning recently, Vatsal insisted he was seeing strange things and hearing weird sounds in his vanity van and that he also saw asymmetrical shadows on the balcony among other stuff. Having set the mood for a scare, he devised an ‘evil’ plan to scare his co-star and other oblivious people on the set.
A source said that Vatsal asked a member to get a few lemons and injected a few with fake blood and concealed it. He then told them stories about after life and lured them into playing a performing a small puja on lemons, through which one can find out if he or she is haunted or not.
“If the lemon changes the colour, that means you are haunted,” Vatsal told his colleagues on the set, shared the source.
Sanjeeda looked uncomfortable, but still joined others in the game. After the puja was performed, they went out of the set to the ground. When they began cutting the lemons, Sanjeeda and a set member were the ones to find ‘blood’ in their lemons.
She screamed, and upon realising that it was a prank, she said: “I`ll kill you Sheth, try haunting me then!”

Express 5: Amrutas relationship with Devendra; Imam prefers Sharif over Modi; 1984 riots victims getreliefPrint
This is the front page of today's edition of The Indian Express
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 31, 2014 9:31 am | Updated: October 31, 2014 9:52 am
We recommend you to go through these five stories from The Indian Express before starting your day.
1. FROM ‘SIR’ TO ‘DEVEN’‘
“Hi sir, I am Amruta Ranade.” Some nine years ago, this was how Amruta, now Fadnavis, introduced herself to the man who would become her husband. Devendra Fadnavis, now Maharashtra’s CM-designate, responded with his characteristic namaskar.
It took some time and effort before I could drop the sir and call him Deven, Amruta says with a shy smile.
Read full story: ‘I used to call him sir, have never demanded his time’
2. 1984 RIOTS RELIEF
The NDA government has decided to give Rs 5 lakh each to the next of kin of those killed in the 1984 anti-Sikh riots, government officials said on Thursday. The Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) has taken a decision to disburse around Rs 166 crore to the families of 3,325 victims killed in the riots but the money has not been released yet, a senior Home Ministry official said.
Read full sotry: Modi government to pay Rs 5 lakh relief for each killed in 1984 riots
3. MODI MISSING FROM THE LIST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is missing from the list of guests being invited for the investiture ceremony for 19-year-old Shaban Bukhari, who would be announced the successor of the present Imam, Syed Ahmed Bukhari, at a ceremony at Delhi’s Jama Masjid on November 22.
Read full story: Delhi Shahi Imam invites Pak PM Sharif, not Modi for son’s anointment ceremony
4. ANTI-IS COALITION
In the coming decades, China and India are set to become the two largest importers of Persian Gulf oil. Their economic growth and the lives of billions will depend on their access to reliable, affordable energy.
Read full story: High price of cheap oil
5. INDIA TOUR OF SRI LANKA
A fit-again Rohit Sharma and Manish Pandey slammed strokeful centuries as India A feasted on Sri Lanka’s mediocre attack before registering a comfortable 88-run victory in a warm-up match for the visitors ahead of their ODI series against India, at the CCI in Mumbai on Thursday.

Modi: Cannot forget Sardar Patel s role in uniting India | Bapu incomplete without himYou are here: Home > Collections
Can never forget Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel's role in uniting India: Narendra Modi
IANS Oct 31, 2014, 08.44AM IST
Tags:
Narendra Modi
("Through his skill, vision…)
NEW DELHI: The country can never forget Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel's contribution in uniting the country, Prime Minister Narendra Modi said here Friday.
"The British wanted India to break into pieces but Sardar Patel unified the 550 provinces into one country," Modi said while addressing the nation on the birth anniversary of Sardar Patel being observed as 'Rashtriya Ekta Diwas'.
"Through his skill, vision and patriotism Sardar Patel integrated the nation. We can never forget his contribution in uniting free India," Modi added.
A 'Run for Unity' and pledge taking at Vijay Chowk marked India's first home minister's birth anniversary October 31.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex hits record high  Nifty crosses 8 200-markUpdate: BSE Sensex surges over 519 points on US growth, Japan stimulus
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 31, 2014  | 17:31 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The stock markets on Friday galloped to new highs with Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) benchmark Sensex surging 519.50 points to 27,865.83 and Nifty soaring 153 points to cross the 8,300 mark tracking a strong global rally on robust US economic growth and a surprise ramping up of Japan's monetary easing programme.
Besides, continued inflows on solid corporate earnings and optimism over India's growth also helped markets boost investor wealth by nearly Rs 1.5 lakh crore in a single session. Six stocks rose for every 10 traded on BSE on Friday with capital goods, oil & gas, IT and power scrips leading rally.
The 30-share Sensex opened on a strong footing and rose to new intra-day record high of 27,894.32. It settled for the day at 27,865.83, a new record at closing, by gaining 519.50 points or 1.90 per cent. Its previous record closing high was 27,346.33 reached in yesterday's trade.
In four days, Sensex has gained over 1,100 points. For the week, it rose by over 1,000 points.
"Much-needed reforms from the new government, strong Q2 performance by India Inc, Fed's low-interest rate regime combined with Bank of Japan's sudden stimulus announcement, gave markets across a sentiment boost," said Hiren Dhakan, Associate Fund Manager, Bonanza Portfolio.
Sentiment was also boosted after the US released forecast-beating economic growth data on Thursday. The world's biggest economy grew 3.5 percent in the September quarter.
Of the 30-share Sensex, 29 scrips led by HDFC , GAIL, L&T, Tata Power, Tata Steel, Dr Reddy, Infosys, Cipla and Coal India gained. SBI, ONGC, RIL, Axis Bank and Sun Pharma also rose. However, Bharti Airtel finished lower.
The National Stock Exchange (NSE) Nifty, comprising 50 shares, breached the 8,300-mark for the first time to hit a new lifetime high of 8,330.75. It also ended at fresh all-time high of 8,322.20, surging 153 points, or 1.87 per cent. Previously, it touched an intra-day record high of 8,181.55 yesterday.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) bought shares worth a net Rs 1,257.49 crore on Thursday.
Asia was led by Japan's Nikkei that surged 4.6 per cent while indices in Singapore, Hong Kong, Korea and China rose in 1-2 percent range. European also surged in late morning trade.
Sectorwide, the BSE Capital Goods index gained the most by rising 2.66 per cent, followed by Oil & Gas index by 2.19 per cent, IT index 1.96 per cent, Power index 1.94 per cent, Metal index 1.91 and Banking index 1.76 per cent.
Indicating strong revival of retail interest, midcap index gained 1.24 per cent higher and the small-cap barometer rose by 0.96 per cent.

LIVE: Devendra Fadnavis to become first BJP chief minister for Maharashtratoday— SMITA NAIR (@smitagnair) October 31, 2014
#rakhisawant tries to sneak into Wankhede wearing a BJP cap. Turned away by #mumbaipolice #maharashtracm @iyerkavi @IndianExpress
— SMITA NAIR (@smitagnair) October 31, 2014
@Dev_Fadnavis wife Amruta and  daughter Divija leave for the swearing in ceremony from The Hotel @IndianExpress pic.twitter.com/cOjlYWYClo
— Neeraj Priyadarshi (@neerajexpress) October 31, 2014
#ShivSenaturnaround Amit Shah, Fadnavis and Arun Jaitley called Uddhav, convinced him to attend today's swearing-in function @IndianExpress
— Kavitha Iyer (@iyerkavi) October 31, 2014
#Fadnavis swearing-in not just govt event: BJP looks to erase Gujarati tag, Marathi Baana performance underway at #Wankhede @IndianExpress
— Kavitha Iyer (@iyerkavi) October 31, 2014
# “We have decided to attend the swearing in ceremony. We received calls from the BJP leadership and we do not want to play spoilers during this historic occasion,” a senior Shiv Sena leader said.
# “If we are being humiliated what is the point of going to the swearing in ceremony. The humiliation meted out by the BJP has not gone down well with our MLAs,” Senior Shiv Sena leader and Member of Parliament Vinayak Raut said.
#Maha Cabinet members: Fadnavis, Tawde, Mungantiwar, Khadse, Prakash Mehta, Vishna Sawra, Chandrakant Patil, Pankaja Munde. @IndianExpress
— Kavitha Iyer (@iyerkavi) October 31, 2014
#Maharashtra Cabinet will have 8 ministers and two ministers of state, Dilip Kamble and VIdya Thakur. @IndianExpress
— Kavitha Iyer (@iyerkavi) October 31, 2014
@Dev_Fadnavis 's #twitter profile declares him Chief Minister of #Maharashtra before the swearing-in scheduled today evening @IndianExpress
— Aamir Khan (@aamirkhan_1987) October 31, 2014
The swearing-in is a star-studded one, with Prime Minister Narendra Modi as the star attraction. He was seated on a special dais erected on the left of the main dais.
Chairs being laid for the ceremony, which will also be attended by PM Narendra Modi. (Source: Express Photo By Pradip Das)
READ: Modi to be star of grand swearing-in
At the precise moment he took stage to take the oath, the pixels on the mammoth 150-ft wide LED display in the backdrop came together to form the image of Chhatrapati Shivaji at the state’s Raigad fort.
Giving a touch of glamour to the event, BJP has sent invites to the who’s who in Bollywood.

Markets open at record high  NSE Nifty above8200On Thursday, Sensex surged about 248 points to end at new peak of 27,346.33, extending gains for the third day.
By: Reuters | Mumbai | Posted: October 31, 2014 9:44 am | Updated: October 31, 2014 4:11 pm
BSE Sensex surged nearly 2 percent on Friday to a record high for the second consecutive day after Bank of Japan’s surprise expansion of its massive stimulus programme raised hopes for additional foreign inflows, boosting blue-chips such as Larsen and Toubro.
The 30-share BSE index rose as much as 2 percent to an all-time high of 27,894.32, while the NSE index gained as much as 1.98 percent to mark a record high of 8,330.70, surpassing their previous highs hit on Thursday.
Larsen & Toubro surged 3.6 percent, while Housing Development Finance Corp rose 4.1 percent.
Both the indexes are also heading towards their eighth month of gains in nine.
 

Sensex  Nifty hit fresh record high; top ten stocks in focusYou are here: Home > Collections
Sensex, Nifty hit fresh record high; top ten stocks in focus
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 31, 2014, 12.10PM IST
("Traders are advised to…)
NEW DELHI: Both Sensex and Nifty rose over 1 per cent each to their fresh respective record highs in trade on Friday, tracking positive trade seen in other Asian markets.
The BSE Sensex rose as much as 400 points to hit its fresh record high of 27,759.01. And, the 50-share Nifty index also rose over 100 points to hit its fresh lifetime high of 8,291.65.
At 12:05 p.m.; the 30-share index was at 27,738.27, up 391 points or 1.43 per cent. It touched a high of 27,759.01 and a low of 27,438.28 in early trade.
The Nifty was at 8286.50, up 117.25 points or 1.44 per cent. It touched a high of 8,291.65 and a low of 8,198.05 in early trade.
"As the Nifty has scaled above 8100 mark decisively, we expect this positivity to extend further in days to come," says Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities Limited.
"And, traders are advised to give preference to banking, metal and select midcap counters for fresh buying," he adds.
Here is a list of ten stocks which are in focus today:
Bharti Airtel Ltd: Bharti Airtel Ltd, India's top telecommunications carrier, reported a more than doubling of quarterly profit, beating street estimates, on higher voice call prices and rapid growth in mobile data usage.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1 per cent lower at Rs 403.50.
CEAT: Tyre maker Ceat reported 7.57 per cent increase in consolidated net profit to Rs 82.35 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2014.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.6 per cent lower at Rs 881.
Ajanta Pharma Ltd: Drug firm Ajanta Pharma reported a 40.88 per cent increase in its standalone net profit to Rs 78.63 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2014, mainly on account of robust exports.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.4 per cent higher at Rs 1920.
Thermax Ltd: Energy and environment solutions provider Thermax said it has bagged a contract worth Rs 321 crore for setting up a captive power plant in Africa.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 4 per cent higher at Rs 920.
Tata Motors Ltd: The Queen has today officially opened Jaguar Land Rover's new £500 million engine manufacturing facility in Wolverhampton, said media reports.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.4 per cent higher at Rs 528.
HCC Ltd: Hindustan Construction Company (HCC) reported a 78 per cent drop in its second quarter net profit at Rs 6.8 crore versus Rs 31.6 crore, in a year ago period.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 3.7 per cent higher at Rs 30.75.
Adani Power Ltd: The Competition Commission of India (CCI) has cleared Adani Power's proposed deal with Lanco Infratech to buy latter's 1,200-MW imported coal-fired power plant at Udupi in Karnataka for more than Rs 6,000 crore, marking the biggest acquisition in India's thermal power industry.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 3.6 per cent higher at Rs 47.40.
Manappuram Finance Ltd: Kerala-based gold loan financier Manappuram Finance Ltd on Thursday said it has signed a non-binding agreement to acquire a majority stake in Asirvad Microfinance Pvt. Ltd (AMPL), said media reports.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 2.1 per cent higher at Rs 32.90.
DLF Ltd: The Securities Appellate Tribunal (SAT) has directed real estate developer DLF to file an affidavit by November 3 stating the purpose for which it intends to use money that has been parked in mutual funds and the amount it requires for running the company till the end of this calendar year.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.4 per cent lower at Rs 123.30.
IDFC: IDFC was up on buying action after getting approval from board members to demerge its financial undertaking into a wholly owned step down subsidiary IDFC Bank, the company said in a filing to stock exchanges.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 3 per cent higher at Rs 153.30.
FEATURED ARTICLES

5 reasons why markets hit fresh all-time highsBirla Sun
(The S&P BSE Sensex hit…)
NEW DELHI: Both S&P BSE Sensex and Nifty made fresh highs today, surging nearly 2 per cent each in trade on Friday. The 30-share index ended the day at 27,865.83, up 519.50 points, or 1.90 per cent. The Nifty shut shop at 8322.20, up 153 points, or 1.87 per cent.
The Sensex hit its fresh lifetime high of 27,894.32 in intraday trade, while the 50-share Nifty index rose over 150 points to make its all-time high of 8,330.75.
The previous all-time high for Sensex was 27,354.99.
Here are seven reasons why markets made fresh highs:
1. US Fed ends QE but maintains status quo on interest rates:
The US Federal Reserve has ended its quantitative easing program, which it began five years ago, to keep economy afloat in the wake of a huge financial crisis.
While the market was anticipating winding up of quantitative easing by the US Fed, there were concerns regarding the US interest rates.
However, the US Fed assuaged investor concerns by maintaining its stand of keeping benchmark short-term rate near zero 'for a considerable time'. This is giving comfort to investors as inflows are expected to continue with ease till at least mid next year.
"As far as its impact on emerging markets - particularly India - is concerned, India has made an adjustment since last year. When QE is reversed, there will be some capital outflow, some adjustment, but that will be nothing compared to the taper tantrums we had last year. There will be a quick adjustment through a fairly stable equilibrium," said Former RBI Governor D Subbarao to ET Now.
2. Liquidity flow to continue in India: The US has ended its quantitative easing program, but inflows in Indian markets are likely to continue as other countries such as Japan and Europe are extending their easing monetary policy.
The earnings cycle is expected to improve in the next few quarters, there are hopes of lower interest rates and pick-up in growth in Indian economy in the next couple of years.
"While the US does say that it is going to withdraw QE, I would expect that both Japan and Europe will continue with monetary and quantitative easing for a couple of quarters more. The early indications seem to suggest so," said Sashi Krishnan , Chief Investment Officer, Birla Sun Life Insurance.
"Therefore, if you look at the net liquidity that gets added to the global markets, I do not think they are going to get impacted too much," Krishnan added.
3. Government on reforms track: The government is working towards carrying outs its reforms agenda. After diesel de-regulation and forming an ordinance on coal blocks, it has now relaxed norms in the construction sector.
The Cabinet has decided to allow 100 per cent FDI under automatic route and lowered cap on minimum investment to $5 million from $10 million earlier.
According to the government, the measures taken by it are likely to attract investments in new areas and encourage development of plots for serviced housing given the shortage of land in and around urban agglomerations as well as the high cost of land.
These are confidence boosting measures and raise hopes of more reform-oriented policies in the coming months. Analysts are expecting the next budget will be pro-reforms. This is likely to keep foreign investors bullish and lead to more inflows in India.
4. Electoral success in assembly elections: The win for the BJP continues at the ballot. After impressive performance in the Lok Sabha , the party has bettered its performance in the states of Haryana and Maharashtra. The party has got first its first ever chief ministers in Haryana and Maharashtra.
The outcome of assembly elections will improve the party's tally in the upper house of Parliament and help the government in passing important bills in both the houses.
"There are a lot of positive thoughts around the Indian economy right now, largely thanks to the impressive election victory by Mr. Modi's party. If they achieve some of the things that they set to achieve in terms of making the Indian economy less bureaucratic to a certain extent and more efficient, then that could see growth rates rise," said William Hobbs , VP Research, Economics & Strategy at Barclays.
5. Favourable macros: The macros for the Indian economy are improving with easing inflation and lower commodities prices. There are expectations that the RBI may lower interest rates earlier than expected as inflation is coming under the RBI's target zone.
"Over the last several months, since this government has come to office, we have seen macro indicators stabilising - indeed improving. Growth is in an uptrend, inflation is on a downtrend, and there have been significant adjustments on the current account , fiscal consolidation is on track, investment sentiment is reviving, etc," said Subbarao.
"All these improved indicators will deliver cyclical upturn in growth from below 5 per cent last year to 5.5 per cent this fiscal year, and to may be 6 to 6.5 per cent in the next couple of years," he added.

IT stocks on a roll; Infosys tops 4000 levels  hits lifetime highYou are here: Home > Collections > Infosys
IT stocks on a roll; Infosys tops 4000 levels, hits fresh lifetime high
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 31, 2014, 11.53AM IST
(The US economy grew at a solid…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE IT index has been on an uptrend in the past week on increased optimism that the U.S. economy is showing signs of recovery. The rally in the index was led by gains in Infosys, TCS, Wipro, and HCL Technologies.
The US economy grew at a solid annual rate of 3.5 per cent in the July-September quarter. The economy shrank at a 2.1 per cent rate in the first three months of the year due to a harsh winter.
"If you look at it over the last several months, there have been just four or five sectors which have been significant contributors as far as markets are concerned," says Nipun Mehta of Blue Ocean Capital Advisors.
"These are IT, pharma, autos, private banks, and to some extent oil and gas. Our sense is these are the five sectors which will again, going forward, continue to contribute to the up move," he added.
Infosys rose to fresh lifetime high, above level of Rs 4,000. The stock rose as much as 1.8 per cent to hit its fresh lifetime high of Rs 4,019.95. The stock has rallied over 10 per cent post Q2 results.
At 09:50 a.m.; BSE IT index was trading 1.4 per cent higher at 10644, as compared to 0.8 per cent rally seen in the BSE Sensex.
Infosys was trading 1.5 per cent higher at Rs 4006.95. It hit a low of Rs 3973.05 and a lifetime high of Rs 4019.95 in trade today.
Tata Consultancy Services was trading 1.4 per cent higher at Rs 2593 and HCL Technologies was trading 2.3 per cent higher at Rs 1614.25.
OFSS was trading 1.7 per cent higher at Rs 3385 and Tech Mahindra was up 1.5 per cent to Rs 2519.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Packaged drinking water sans ISI mark should not be soldUpdated: October 31, 2014 10:20 IST
“Packaged drinking water sans ISI mark should not be sold’’
R. Sivaraman
Tweet
M.A.J.Vinod. Photo: special arrangement
Joint Director, BIS, M.A.J.Vinod said the packaged drinking units are not supposed to sell without ISI certification to their products.
The Bureau of Indian Standards on Thursday said that packaged drinking water should not be sold without its mark called ISI (Indian Standards Institute). The regulatory body stated that water packaged drinking units bearing ISI certification are under constant monitoring for compliance with standards.
Joint Director, BIS, M.A.J.Vinod said the packaged drinking units are not supposed to sell without ISI certification to their products.
Participating in a consumer awareness programme, the Joint- Director said, “Whenever any enterprise approaches us, we grant licence if they are found fit and able to pack and manufacture the product as per IS 14543 for packaging drinking water. That is the main scope of the BIS. Further monitoring and surveillance are also being done by us.”
Stating the BIS has no role to play against those who do not have ISI mark, he added only if somebody misuses ISI mark, the BIS will take action and will take them to court. The misuse of such mark will attract either fine upto Rs.50,000 or imprisonment up to six months.
With respect to quality of drinking water, Mr. Vinod added that it has been being constantly monitored and ‘market’ samples continuously taken. Every company was audited and performance ascertained. Based on satisfactory performances only, further renewal would be done for licence.
Online complaint
Explaining about the new redressal mechanism introduced by the BIS, Mr. Vinod said, “Any complaint can be registered with Bureau of India Standards (BIS) through our website. There is link called ‘Online complaints’ through which any customer register the complaint. They need not come physically to our office and they can send their grievances to our website. It will be looked into. If the complaint is found genuine, the replacement of the product will be made.”

Ambuja Cements gains after strong Q3 earningsAmbuja Cements gains after strong Q3 earnings
Sensex opens to a new record-high; Nifty hits 8 200-mark for first timeSensex opens to a new record-high; Nifty hits 8 200-mark for first time
What should investors expect from ITC Q2 resultsWhat should investors expect from ITC Q2 results
Adani Power spurts in early tradeAdani Power spurts in early trade
Bosch forecasts strong growth in IndiaBosch forecasts strong growth in India
Bharti Airtel consolidated Q2 profit more than doublesBharti Airtel consolidated Q2 profit more than doubles
Buy USD/INR Nov futures in 61.42-61.52 range: ICICIdirectBuy USD/INR Nov futures in 61.42-61.52 range: ICICIdirect
Buy 70 71 72 73 s/l 68Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Ok any reason for that correction if you know please shareCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Next target 325 with sl 293Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Buy buy rally startedCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

P & G Health Care net up 13% at Rs 62 crHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
P & G Health Care net up 13% at Rs 62 cr
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 31:  
Procter & Gamble Hygiene and Health Care Ltd has posted a 13 per cent rise in net profit at Rs 62 crore (Rs 55 crore) for the quarter ended September 30, 2014.
Total income for the quarter stood at Rs 598 crore against Rs 515 crore, the company said in a communication to the stock exchange.
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

P M Telelinks appoints independent directorP M Telelinks appoints independent director
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 31:  
P M Telelinnks in a communication to the stock exchange said that its board of directors on October 30 had approved the appointment of Amish Kadakia Bharat as an Independent Director as also the appointment of G Sandhya Rani, Company Secretary, as Compliance Officer.
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

Sensex hits new record-high of 27 569 on sustained FII inflowsSensex zooms 519 points to new record-high of 27,866; Nifty jumps 153 points
Our Bureau/Agencies
Continued buying by foreign funds as well as retail investors, triggered by a series of economic reforms undertaken by the Narendra Modi-led government and strong earnings by blue-chip companies, lifted the key indices to new highs.
Economic reforms, healthy corporate earnings drive the market rally
Mumbai, Oct 31:  
The Sensex and the Nifty touched new record-highs of 27,865.83 and 8,322.20, respectively on sustained fund inflows, driven by a slew of economic reforms announced by the government amid optimism over strong corporate earnings.
The 30-share BSE index Sensex soared 519.50 points or 1.9 per cent at 27,865.83 and the 50-share NSE index Nifty jumped 153 points or 1.87 per cent at 8,322.20.
Brokers said continued buying by foreign funds as well as retail investors, triggered by a series of economic reforms undertaken by the Narendra Modi-led government and strong earnings by blue-chip companies, drove the market rally.
Barring consumer durables, all other BSE sectoral indices ended significantly in the green. Among them, capital goods index gained the most by 2.66 per cent, followed by India infrastructure index 2.38 per cent, oil & gas 2.19 per cent and PSU 2.08 per cent. Only consumer durables index was down 3.18 per cent.
GAIL, Tata Power, HDFC, L&T and Tata Steel were the top five gainers among 30-share Sensex constituents, while Bharti Airtel was the only loser.
Global market
World shares jumped and the yen fell to a seven-year low against the dollar on Friday as the Bank of Japan surprised financial markets by significantly expanding its massive stimulus programme.
In a rare split decision, the BoJ’s board voted 5-4 to accelerate the purchases of Japanese government bonds so that its holdings increase at an annual pace of ¥80 trillion ($725 billion), up by ¥30 trillion.
The central bank also said that it would triple its purchase of exchange-traded funds and real-estate investment trusts (REITs), while sources said the government’s huge pension fund would more than double its holdings of domestic stocks.
For investors, the timing of the moves sent a strong signal, coming right as six years of aggressive US stimulus come to an end and just before the euro zone inflation data that is likely to keep the pressure on the European Central Bank to further ease its policy.
Tokyo’s Nikkei share index jumped almost 5 per cent in its biggest rise since June last year following the BoJ’s move, which it said was a pre-emptive strike at “a critical moment in the effort to break free from the deflationary mindset’’ in Japan.
European stocks opened up 1 per cent and US futures prices pointed to similar gains when trading resumes in New York. Stocks were lifted on Thursday by strong third quarter US GDP data and another round of upbeat earnings.
At 0900 GMT, the FTSEurofirst 300 index of top European shares was up 1.3 per cent at 1,344.18 points, extending a sharp two-week rally, while southern European government bonds also made ground.
Euro zone flash inflation data due at 1000 GMT will provide the next indicator of whether the ECB might feel compelled to step up its support for the bloc's beleaguered economy.
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

Different divas  similar posesTrue heroes who battled cancer
Thu 16 Jun, 2011 5:04 PM IST
Steve Jobs, the visionary who transformed the worlds of personal computing, finally lost his years-long battle with pancreatic cancer. Six years ago, Jobs had talked about how a sense of his mortality was a major driver behind that vision. It takes real courage to swim against the current and smile even when you are writhing in pain. A look at the celebrity figures who showed great grit in their battle against cancer. Meet the real heroes. More » True heroes who battled cancer
Celebrity Pregnancy Cravings
Fri 23 Dec, 2011 2:09 PM IST
From yummy to weird, here's a look at the menu of our pregnant celebs. Read on More » Celebrity Pregnancy Cravings
She can't be 47!
Tue 22 Nov, 2011 1:25 PM IST
Seeing is not believing when it comes to Nandana Sen. It's hard to believe that the 'Rang Rasiya' woman is actually 47 . What makes her special? More » She can't be 47!
Have you seen these pictures
Thu 18 Sep, 2014 5:19 PM IST
Are you ready for a blast from the past. Here are some old pictures - and some new, here is a look at some celeb pictures you should never ever miss More » Have you seen these pictures
Mom-to-be Genelia steps out
Tue 30 Sep, 2014 10:44 AM IST
It has been two years since Genelia and Riteish got married. It was a big fat Bollywood wedding. Now, proud Riteish has made it official. He is going to be a father. More » Mom-to-be Genelia steps out
Bollywood, friends and a Happy Diwali
Tue 21 Oct, 2014 7:43 AM IST
Diwali is a time for celebrations. And Bollywood does it in style. A look at who is visiting whom, who is party hopping.
Dia Mirza : Wedding Diaries
Fri 17 Oct, 2014 7:51 AM IST
Mehendi, Sangeet and an Arya Samaj wedding - Sahil Sangha and Dia Mirza are man and wife. A look at their cute love story. More » Dia Mirza : Wedding Diaries
Filipino TV host Paolo Ballesteros becomes internet star thanks to his incredible celebrity transfor …
Tue 14 Oct, 2014 2:32 PM IST
Proving that makeup is a form of art, Filipino presenter Paolo Ballesteros uses makeup and wigs to transform himself into some of the world's most famous faces. Paolo skillfully highlights and contours himself into stars including Kim Kardashian and Ariana Grande. Check out the pics!
Look whom we spotted with Hrithik Roshan
Mon 13 Oct, 2014 4:06 PM IST
It was dubbed the launch of the year, and it certainly didn't disappoint. A number of A-listers flew into Dubai to attend the grand opening of Cle Dubai, which is Michelin-starred chef Greg Malouf's first venture in the city.
Bollywood star Hrithik Roshan, Victoria's Secret models Alessandra Ambrosio and Irina Shayk, Khloe Kardashian, Paris and Nicky Hilton and Esha Gupta turned out to attend the new restaurant, which offers contemporary Middle Eastern cuisine.
Moon gazing on Karva Chauth
Mon 13 Oct, 2014 12:13 PM IST
When Gutthi stole the show
Tue 7 Oct, 2014 7:27 AM IST
Gutthi aka Sunil Grover was the showstopper for actor turned designer Mandira Bedi's collection. More » When Gutthi stole the show
Tamanna Bhatia takes up the Swacchh Bharat campaign
Sun 5 Oct, 2014 11:42 AM IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, had a couple of weeks ago launched the Swacchh Bharat campign and nominated Salman Khan. Salman Khan and his team was seen in action cleaning up in Karjat. He were not the only celebrity to take up this mission. Here's a look More » Tamanna Bhatia takes up the Swacchh Bharat campaign
Bollywood gears up to observe Durga Puja
Tue 30 Sep, 2014 3:54 PM IST
Rani Mukherji visits Durga Puja Pandal, Maanyata Dutt keeps a Mata Ki Chowki in her house, here is how Bollywood celebrated Navratri off the screen. More » Bollywood gears up to observe Durga Puja
The stunning stars at GQ Men Of The Year Awards
Mon 29 Sep, 2014 1:00 PM IST
Spotted: Gauri Khan, Shamita Shetty at Simone Arora’s store launch
Mon 29 Sep, 2014 11:56 AM IST
Simone Arora launched her new store in Mumbai over the weekend and the event saw a bevy of beautiful ladies in addition to her family. Here’s a look at all the celebrities we spotted
Here comes the bride and the groom : George Clooney's wedding weekend
Sun 28 Sep, 2014 8:40 PM IST
George Clooney once said “I won’t marry again” and Barbara Walters asked “How do you know you won’t marry again?” “Because I wasn’t very good at it,’ he replied. Now, years afterwards he has tied the knot with Amal Alamuddin. Here are the first pictures after the wedding. And we have some of the guests who attended too. Take a look More » Here comes the bride and the groom : George Clooney's wedding weekend
Talking point: Here's what our favourite celebs have been talking about
Sat 27 Sep, 2014 11:16 AM IST
Celebs who insured their body parts
Mon 19 Sep, 2011 4:19 PM IST
German supermodel Heidi Klum has had her legs insured for $2 million. Learn more about other celebs who have insured their body parts. Photos More » Celebs who insured their body parts
How old do you think these celebrity moms are?
Fri 26 Sep, 2014 3:29 PM IST
If we are to tell you that Aishwarya, Shilpa and Malaika are older than 35, would you believe us? The other age defying beauties. More » How old do you think these celebrity moms are?
Tue 23 Sep, 2014 4:00 PM IST
Celebrity weddings present some amusing moments. Candid shots, tender moments, shared togetherness. Take a look

Lenovo enters wearable tech mkt with Smartband SW-B100Lenovo enters wearable tech market with Smartband SW-B100
ANI     Washington   Last Updated: October 28, 2014  | 11:55 IST
Picture for representation only. (Source: Reuters)
Chinese multinational computer technology giant Lenovo has made its way into the wearable fray unveiling the new 'Smartband SW-B100', which will allow users to track daily exercise, sleep and heart rate.
The manufacturer has quietly added the new device to its webpage, describing it as device for young people who take care of their personal health, and are interested in new tech trend products.
The Smartband is compatible with iOS, Android and Windows Phone devices . It is also capable of making voice-calls, text messages, and it can auto-lock or unlock PC without forcing users to manually enter a password.
Although there are no details on pricing or availability yet, it's likely that Lenovo will want to start shipping the product soon.

Shah Rukh Khan meets fans to celebrate the success of  Happy New Yearentertainment
Shah Rukh Khan meets fans to celebrate the success of ‘Happy New Year’
Shah Rukh Khan along with ‘Happy New Year’ director Farah Khan and co-stars Sonu Sood, Boman Irani and Vivaan Shah visited Gaiety-Galaxy hall to interact with their beloved fans and share the success of their film. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
The Bollywood King arrives in style! (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Shah Rukh Khan greets his fans. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
The Bollywood Baadshah got a warm welcome from fans. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
The cameras can’t get enough of the B-Town hunks! (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Everyone wants a piece of Shah Rukh! (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Shah Rukh addresses his fans. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Scores of fans gathered to catch a glimpse of King Khan. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Sonu Sood alights from the ‘Happy New Year’ vehicle. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Vivaan Shah, Sonu Sood, Shah Rukh, Farah Khan and Boman Irani interact with the press. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Related

I-T may train guns on cos that lag sectorComments
Companies reporting lesser earnings despite their respective sectors registering healthy growth will now come under the scanner of the income tax department. 
With finance minister Arun Jaitley promising to adopt “non-intrusive and non-adversarial methods of tax collection while ensuring non-evasion”, taxmen have been asked to adhere to these ways.
The department has also been directed to be stringent in cases that show signs of discrepancy, a senior finance ministry official told HT.
“The government is clear that there will be non-intrusive ways of assessment, which means there will be less harassment of companies but at that same time, we need to ensure that there is no or minimum evasion,” the official said.
“And the companies that show sudden deviation in filing taxes or those who show significantly lesser earnings even if the sector they belong to have registered healthy growth will come under scrutiny,” the official added.
Officials may also be given training to build forensic skills to deal with situations where there could be evasion, he said.
Direct tax collection registered a 15% growth during the April-September period with gross direct tax mop-up at Rs. 3.46 lakh crore against Rs. 3.01 lakh crore a year ago.
Indirect tax collection for the first six months of 2014-15 stood at Rs. 2,41,811 crore, a growth of 5.8% over the year-ago period.

J&K flood: Insurance cos to ease norms for processing claimsComments
Insurance companies, both public and private, have set up special helplines and claim centres to ensure immediate clearance of insurance claims coming from flood ravaged Jammu and Kashmir as mandated by the Supreme Court.
The apex court had on Friday declined to set aside the order from the Jammu and Kashmir high court asking the four public sector general insurance companies to settle claims immediately, without surveying the damages.
Until October 9, the companies—National Insurance Company, Oriental India Insurance, New India Assurance and United India Insurance—had got a total of 9,917 claims worth Rs. 980.49 crore. The figure is expected to go up as claims were still trickling in.
“We have launched a special drive—express claim processing, toll free numbers, hotline hoardings—to help people reach us. A timely payout of claims in such times goes a long way in helping families recuperate,” said Anup Rau, CEO, Reliance Life Insurance.
According to the court order, public sector insurance companies would be required to pay 95% of the claim amount, where the insurance cover is worth Rs. 25 lakh or less, and 50% in cases where the cover is in excess of Rs. 25 lakh.

BPCL Aims to Double Refining Margins With Refinery ExpansionYou are here: Home Corporates
BPCL Aims to Double Refining Margins With Refinery Expansion
Reuters | Updated On: October 30, 2014 10:29 (IST)
Aviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
Singapore:
State-owned Bharat Petroleum Corp aims to double its refining margins once it completes the expansion and upgrade of its Kochi refinery in Kerala to process high sulphur crudes by 2016, a senior company official said.
The refiner's margins dropped to $3 a barrel this year, from $4.50 to $5 a barrel last year, but levels will increase by about $3 to $4 a barrel by mid-2016, said Neeraj Shukla, a chief manager at BPCL's refineries division.
Asian diesel margins have been lower this year compared with previous years due to an economic slowdown in China, the world's No. 2 oil consumer, and new refining capacity. Naphtha margins have been weaker due to an influx of the light fuel from western countries, mainly Europe and the Mediterranean.
"We want to process only high sulphur crude at Kochi refinery, which is why we're setting up this plant," he said, speaking on Thursday on the sidelines of an industry conference in Singapore.
Crude grades with a high sulphur content are cheaper, and refineries that have installed specialty secondary units to process them can lower feed costs and increase their margins.
BPCL aims to raise the capacity of the Kochi refinery to 310,000 bpd from the current 190,000 bpd by May 2016. Besides boosting margins with the upgrade and expansion, the refinery will also be able to produce fully Euro IV compatible gasoline and diesel, Shukla said.
This will meet tentative plans by the government to mandate the use of Euro IV oil products throughout the country by Aug. 1, 2017, and euro V in some cities by 2020, he said.
Once the refinery expansion is complete, BPCL also expects to lift lower volumes of oil products from private refiners such as Reliance Industries and Essar Oil .
"I think this is a step to self-sufficiency in our marketing network and we will not be depending on others," he said. BPCL now markets about 12 per cent more fuel than it refines on its own, he said.
There are no immediate plans to export any oil products once its refining capacity is increased, Shukla said.
BPCL also operates a 240,000 bpd refinery at Mumbai in western India, and has majority stakes in the 60,000 bpd Numaligarh refinery in Assam and the 120,000 bpd Bina refinery in Madhya Pradesh.
It plans to double capacity of the Bina refinery in about two years and increase the capacity at Numaligarh in 4 to 5 years, he said.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Chhath puja in Ahmedabad reflects class divideBJP President Amit Shah with Minister of state for Railways Manoj Sinha and others offer prayers during Chhath festival in Ahmedabad on Wednesday. (Source: PTI Photo)
Written by Ritu Sharma | Ahmadabad | Posted: October 30, 2014 1:06 pm
A class divide was apparent in the two Chhath pujas organised at two venues on the Sabarmati riverfront to mark the most auspicious and biggest festival of northern India ‘Chhath Mahotsav ‘ on Wednesday evening.
The two Chhath pujas reflected the two Bihars in Gujarat – one that almost runs its government and another of migrant daily wagers. On the Meghaninagar side of the riverfront opposite Camp Hanuman Temple, the puja was a modest one, in a constrained space for the devotees and the vrati (those who observe fast) who reached the venue loaded in autorickshaws, mini trucks, two wheelers and some in a prostrate position crawling on the mud, to the river bank in an expression of deep devotion and thanksgiving prayer to the Sun God.
As the festival that marks the celebration of the new harvest with offerings given to Sun include fruits, sugarcane stalks and food preparation made with fresh harvest, the devotees including small children, women and men reached for sundown prayers holding baskets of offerings on their heads.
At the Indira Bridge bank of the Sabarmati river, barely two kilometres away from Meghaninagar, where BJP national president Amit Shah was the chief guest, luxury cars, even Porches, and beaconed official vehicles drove in to drop ministers, bureaucrats and police officers at the riverfront that began with a cultural show by singers from Bihar. Separate enclosures were readied for officers to worship, mostly of whom were accompanied by their respective security staff. Shah is a Z plus protectee.
At Meghaninagar, an autorickshaw driver Lal Bahadur Yadav from Saharsa in Bihar said, “Those who could not get train tickets stay back here for this auspicious Chhath puja. There are nearly 25-30 families from my Saharsa district in Bihar who are living together in Ahmedabad, some for more than last 20 years. They earn their bread by driving auto rickshaws. Initially, one of us came and slowly called their relatives, friends and neighbours to Ahmedabad,” he says.
Jaikumar Yadav (25) from a small village bordering Nepal is a cook at the Law Garden’s elite Gymkhana club which has IAS and IPS as members, and has been in Ahmedabad for last ten years. “First my brother, who is also a cook came to Ahmedabad and then called me too. All members of my family except my wife and children are staying with us here,” he said as he offered prayers at the river bank amidst dirt and filth floating in the water.
A family of 25 members from Darbhanga district in Bihar took up their own corner at the bank. “We have been coming here for puja since so many years. continued…

Fight at chowki of trouble wasnt communalA Muslim couple takes a walk in Trilokpuri during curfew break on Wednesday; drone keeps an eye on the area. (Express photo by Praveen Khanna)
Written by Muzamil Jaleel | Trilokpuri | Posted: October 30, 2014 2:02 am | Updated: October 30, 2014 1:28 pm
In a tiny compound of this vast neighbourhood of 35 blocks sits a marquee, colourful cloth running around a platform with garlanded idols. But there are no devotees at the Mata ki Chowki. Only a dozen policemen are present, busy working cellphones. A mosque and a temple stand metres away, divided by a park that is looked after by Hindus and Muslims.
It was here that trouble began on Diwali evening and escalated into a communal riot across Trilokpuri. Yet the Hindus and Muslims of this neighbourhood in Block 20 didn’t fight.
“There were five mischievous boys loitering around the Mata ki Chowki. Two of them were Muslim. They are friends and neighbours. Like most evenings, they were drinking and playing. This is when they had a fight,’’ Hari Singh Bisht who lives right behind the Sri Murugan temple said. “The fight escalated and they began hurling stones. They sent WhatsApp messages to friends and a mob gathered… There has never been a Hindu-Muslim riot here. I feel very sad that a fight between drunk boys spiralled into this.”
Bisht’s neighbour Mohammad Shakeel joined him, “We didn’t fight because we know the reality. Though the Mata ki Chowki was put up for the first time in this compound, it was done with mutual consent. See how close the mosque and the temple are. Both communities take care of this little park and use it for religious gatherings,’’ he said.
Sonu Rao, who stays in the same neighbourhood and makes a living working as a cook, migrated from Chennai 41 years ago and settled here. “It’s a shame. What happened here was a fight between a group of boys. They are friends and I am sure they will be together again once tension recedes. Religion had nothing to do with their fight,” he said.
Ishrat Jehan, who lives with her family next to the temple, said of Rao, “He treats me like an elder sister.’’ She is more worried about the “bad name” that the riots have given the neighbourhood. “Who will want to marry their daughters here now,’’ she asks.
On the other side of the park, ahead of the compound with the Mata ki Chowki, runs a row of Muslim homes. Mohammad Abrar, who has a small grocery shop, said: “Sharab ki wajah se jhagda hua (drinking led to the fight)… Dharmik nahin tha (religion wasn’t the reason).”
Standing outside his shop, mechanic Akbar Ali said, “I have been living here since 1976. This neighbourhood has a 50-50 Hindu-Muslim population. There has never been a fight. The bricks in front of the Mata ki Chowki were meant for the mosque. We didn’t have such divisions continued…

... Meanwhile  BMC has one of its own  officials swear against graftAt the municipal commissioner’s office Wednesday. (Source: Express Photo)
By: Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: October 30, 2014 3:31 am | Updated: October 30, 2014 3:32 am
Ahead of the October 31 swearing-in ceremony for Maharashtra’s new Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis, it was a different oath-taking function held Wednesday at the Fort-based headquarters of the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC), which has often been in the dock over allegations of corruption against its staff.
A little after the civic body’s office opened, senior officials assembled at the Municipal Commissioner Sitaram Kunte’s chamber and were read out an oath against corruption.
The oath was read by the municipal commissioner, additional municipal commissioners, deputy municipal commissioners from different zones and other senior civic officials as part of the “Vigilance Awareness Week” in the BMC from October 27 to November 1.
The oath, which was in Marathi, reads, “We, the government servants of India, hereby solemnly pledge that we will consistently strive to bring about integrity and transparency in all our fields of work. We also pledge that we will make the utmost efforts to eradicate corruption from all walks of life. We will stay alert and work for the growth and reputation of our organisation. Through our collective efforts, we will make our organisations proud and provide valuable service to our fellow countrymen. We will sincerely discharge our duties without fear or favour.”
The civic body has been propagating the anti-corruption message across all the wards in the city through the awareness week.
A senior official from the public relations department of the civic body said, “All the senior civic officials were asked to take the oath prepared by the general administration department of the state government.”
The “Vigilance Awareness Week”, which has been endorsed by both President Pranab Mukherjee and Prime Minister Narendra Modi, is being observed by all government organisations across the country with the theme being “Combating corruption – technology as an enabler”.
The BMC has maintained that it has already been fighting corruption by introducing online services like the MCGM 24×7 application, e-governance and other IT initiatives.
mumbai.newsline@expressindia.com

Four hi-tech cities planned along e-way to AgraPrint
Written by Maulshree Seth | Lucknow | Posted: October 30, 2014 4:56 am
Lending a major boost to its ambitious 302-km-long Lucknow-Agra Expressway project, the Uttar Pradesh government has decided to develop four “high-tech and modern” satellite cities along the expressway. But unlike the erstwhile Mayawati government, which had developed townships along Yamuna Expressway amid opposition from the farmers after it gave the projects to the developers as a “sweetener”, the Akhilesh Yadav government will develop these cities on its own with help from government agencies.
On Wednesday, the state government signed contracts (Memorandum of Understanding) with five companies — Afcon Infrastructure Ltd for Firozabad-Etawah and Kannauj-Unnao stretch; NCC Ltd for Etawah-Kannauj stretch; PNC Infratech Ltd for Agra-Firozabad stretch; and Larsen and Toubro for Unnao-Lucknow stretch.
Sources inform that Chief Town and Country Planner have been tasked to carry out an initial feasibility study along the entire stretch of expressway and suggest best suitable locations. The state government has given instructions to first explore the locations around Lucknow, Firozabad and Etawah.
The expressway would pass through 10 districts including Firozabad, Kannauj, Etawah, Mainpuri, Auraiya, Kanpur Nagar, Unnao and Hardoi. Sources inform that idea is to increase the economic activity along the expressway by developing these high-tech cities with an aim to bring about development in the adjoining areas as well.
The state government’s eagerness in speeding up the project can be gauged from the fact that it has, in the past four months, acquired nearly 74 per cent (2,336 hectares of land) out of the 3,107 hectares required for the project. It will soon begin the process of handing over these lands to the respective companies as it wants to lay the foundation stone on November 22.
These 3,107 hectares of land are spread across 232 villages of 10 districts.
Sources inform that work on the project would start simultaneously on all five stretches on November 22 and the grand function is likely to be held either in Lucknow or Kannauj, Dimple Yadav’s parliamentary constituency.
While the deadline for the completion of the project is three years from the date of commencement, the government has already offered 0.04 per cent of the project cost as an incentive to those contractors who finish work on their respective stretch before the scheduled time. At the same time, developers will be fined if they fail to meet the deadline.
As senior officials of the government are busy fine-tuning the project, sources inform that four stretch of 10 acres each have also been proposed along the expressway as rest-cum-parking areas.
The proposed maximum speed to be allowed on the six lane expressway would be 120 km per hour. The total cost of the project has also been escalated — from around Rs 9,000 crore earlier to Rs 11,526 crore now.

One in every two boys in India are sexually abused  says  Delhi Belly  actress Poorna Jagannathan(Left) Poorna Jagannathan (Source: Express photo by Amyn Hooda) ; actor Martin Moran (right) in a scene from All the Rage
Written by Dipti Nagpaul | Mumbai | Posted: October 30, 2014 3:51 am | Updated: October 30, 2014 12:06 pm
In March this year, a play on crimes against women had the performers — known faces such as hairstylist Sapna Bhavnani and actor Poorna Jagannathan among others — shun their veil of shame and narrated the horrors they went through. Titled Nirbhaya — after the moniker given to the Delhi gang rape victim whose courage was the inspiration for the play — it focused on sexual crimes. The play, which toured several Indian metropolitan cities, managed to bring the discussion on what had been a largely taboo subject into mainstream with the performers’ bold recountings of rape and sexual abuse as a child.
Now, Poorna Jagannathan, the producer of Nirbhaya, is hoping that she can repeat the feat, albeit this time with another pertinent issue that plagues the society. Her two new productions, All the Rage and The Tricky Part, which will be staged in the city between October 31 and November 2 as part of Tata Literature Live!, focus on sexual abuse of the male child.
“While researching for Nirbhaya, I came across the statistic that one in every two boys are sexually abused in India. The culture of shame surrounding male sexual abuse prevents survivors from seeking help or healing,” says Poorna Jagannathan, explaining her motivation for backing the plays, which will travel to Bangalore and Delhi after their premiere in Mumbai.
A stage actor of Indian origin, Jagannathan has been part of several international TV series such as Royal Pains. She made her Bollywood debut with Delhi Belly. Nirbhaya marked her return to theatre.
Both the productions are one-man plays with American actor Martin Moran. Much like Nirbhaya, the stories of the two plays derive from the performer’s own life – a sexual relationship he had between the age of 12 and 15 with an older man, a counsellor he met at a Catholic boys camp.
The plays have been directed by US-based Seth Barrish.
Jagannathan says Moran wrote the plays to gain perspective and authority over his past. “Moran says the act of writing them has brought him squarely and joyfully into the present,” she adds.
But by showcasing these stories, Jagannathan hopes to address “cycles of abuse”. “At a time we are trying to combat sexual violence against women and eradicate its roots, we remain relatively blind and silent to sexual violence against boys. We cannot solve sexual violence against women without engaging men. If you’ve been affected by sexual violence, you’re much less likely to engage in solving the problem: there’s a tendency to think violence is the norm, you have wrapped notions of sexuality and a higher proclivity to perpetuate violence.”
However, in contrast to Nirbhaya, where the narration was stark and confrontational, making the audience squirm in their continued…

Summer internship stipends sizzle; jump 30-40%B-school
(Big recruiters at leading…)
MUMBAI: Big recruiters at leading B-schools are hiking stipends for summer internships by 30-40%, sending out a strong signal that they expect the economy to rev up and the job market to turn red hot in FY16 and FY17. Companies are offering as much as Rs 4.2 lakh for a two-month internship and large and established companies are jostling with upstart ecommerce startups for fresh talent.
Online retailer Snapdeal — which just raised $627 million from SoftBank — has already made offers to over 50 interns during summer placements compared with 15 last year. It is offering stipends of Rs 1 lakh for two months. Goldman Sachs will be offering stipends of around Rs 1.55 lakh; HUL , Marico and Castrol around Rs 1.5 lakh; Barclays Shared Services around Rs 1.6 lakh and Dabur approximately Rs 1.4 lakh, campus sources said.
The Boston Consulting Group (BCG) has offered a stipend of Rs 3 lakh, said a member of the IIM-Indore placement team. Companies started picking candidates from IIMs, MDI, IMI, XLRI, NMIMS and XIM-Bhubaneswar this month, for internships in the summer of 2015. Summer internships are now a key component in the campus recruitment process.
Most companies are likely to roll out preplacement offers (PPOs) at the end of the summer internships, rather than wait for the placement season in end-2015. BCG, for example, offered jobs to 80% of the 48 students who interned with it this summer.
"We will make at least 15-20% more summer internship offers this year," says Suresh Subudhi, partner and director, BCG India. In all, many companies now find almost 60-70% of their total campus hires through the internship and PPO route. Snapdeal, which offered only two profiles to interns last year, headed to campuses with nine profiles this year, across marketing, supply chain, finance, HR and product development.
"We have covered around 8-9 campuses so far and by the time we finish with the three IIMs at Ahmedabad, Bangalore and Calcutta, we would have made close to 70 offers," says Saurabh Nigam, VP-HR at Snapdeal. B-schools are cruising through the summer placements despite almost all of them having larger batch sizes to place. At IIM-Indore, 153 companies snapped up the 557-strong batch for internships this year. It took 181 companies to find internships for 454 students in last year's batch. At IIM-Kozhikode, recruiters are on an average hiring one-fifth more interns than last year.
The average stipend at IIM-Indore was Rs 71,000 for a two-month internship period, 42% higher than last year. At TAPMI-Manipal, Google and Flipkart have paid the highest stipends of Rs 50,000 per month. XIM-Bhubaneswar on its part has seen an almost 30% increase in average stipend with the highest offered so far pegged at around Rs 1.5 lakh in the FMCG sector.
"The numbers this year have been very heartening with a number of first-time recruiters on campus," says Mayank Tabeck, co-ordinator, student placement committee at XIMB. Among the institutes that have already completed their placements this year, MDI-Gurgaon has seen the highest stipend cross Rs 4.2 lakh. At IIM-Lucknow, intern placements for the 464-strong batch got over in just 4.5 days with several first-time recruiters making their presence felt.
Many companies have increased their stipends this year considering the competitiveness in the industry, says Rajan Saxena, vice-chancellor of Mumbaibased Narsee Monjee Institute of Management Studies (NMIMS), where the highest stipend this year has already breached the Rs 1.6 lakh mark. The institute has just started its summer placements.
While prominent recruiters including BCG, Cognizant Business Consulting, ICICI Bank, Deloitte, HUL, ITC, RPG, HSBC and Asian Paints continue to throng campuses, ecommerce players and startups are hot property. IIM-Indore saw over 15 companies in this space including Flipkart, Snapdeal, eBay, Shopclues, TaxiforSure and Urban Restro while TAPMI had the likes of Gift-XOXO, Paytm and My Deals 24*7 apart from Flipkart.
"Students are more eager than ever before to join this space," says Subir Verma, dean, corporate relations, placements & alumni affairs at IMI-Delhi. IIM-Bangalore , which kicks off its internship placement on October 31, is expecting 120-130 companies to participate. At IIM-Calcutta, 200 companies have so far confirmed for the summer placements for the 464-strong batch.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PE firm Blackstone hires fresh graduates for portfolio firmsPE firm Blackstone hires fresh graduates for portfolio firms
ET Bureau Oct 30, 2014, 04.34AM IST
Tags:
(Nishand Maniar, 26, could…)
By Sabarinath Muralidharan
MUMBAI: Nishand Maniar, 26, could easily have landed a plum job with a new-age company after graduating from the Indian School of Business early this year. Instead, he joined 90-yearold Mumbai-based fragrance major SH Kelkar. The inspiration for his choice: global private equity major Blackstone is a leading investor in SH Kelkar. Maniar is among 18 B-school graduates that Blackstone recruited this year from the Hyderabadbased ISB and the Indian Institutes of Management for companies in its portfolio of investments.
This was part of Blackstone's young leadership programme to infuse talent into these companies, which are run by traditional business families and operate with systems and processes rooted in ageold practices. Blackstone's strategy symbolises a growing trend of banking on young talent to implement best practices. Experts say fresh management graduates have an edge over experienced professionals because they don't have biases.
"Young management graduates have three distinct advantages. First, they belong to the IT generation where they are comfortable with modern tools of business analysis. Second, being ignorant about business risk, they are willing to explore uncharted territories. Third, they have enough energy levels and don't suffer from burnout syndrome of experienced executives," said Satish Modh, director of VES Institute of Management Studies & Research in Mumbai. Blackstone, which has $284 billion of assets under management, has recruited over 50 graduates over the past few years. They have been deployed across 18 portfolio companies, including SH Kelkar, Hindustan Powerprojects, CMS Info Systems, Agile Electric Works, Emcure and Trans Maldivian Airways.
Senior Blackstone executives accompany company managers to B-schools to hire the right talent. Blackstone plans to recruit more management graduates next year as most of its portfolio companies seek faster growth with the economy rebounding after a prolonged recession. SH Kelkar started in a garage as a fragrance manufacturing unit in Mumbai's Dadar area in the 1920s after Mahatma Gandhi called for a boycott of imported material.
Blackstone paid Rs 243 crore to acquire a 33% stake in the company in 2012. Although Blackstone lends its name and recruits fresh manage ment graduates, they remain an integral part of its portfolio companies.
With this strategy, the world's fifth-largest private equity fund aims to streamline some of its investments. The approach is similar to what business conglomerates do in India: create a CEO's office with management graduates to monitor crucial operations, take informed decisions based on number-crunching and ensure strong linkages with investors. Blackstone is focused on decision-making based on data, said a person close to Blackstone.
Family-managed companies rely a lot on instinct and gut feel. If this is backed by data, the impact of business decisions can be effectively analysed, the person said. Young management graduates are good at data crunching, which helps in informed decision-making. They also closely work with CEOs to implement strategies, the person said. New York-based Blackstone declined to give an official response. Maniar and another management graduate are part of the CEO's office at SH Kelkar, which the family plans to build into one of the top 10 fragrance companies in the world.
"SH Kelkar is looking to grow in a big way and the company is undertaking a couple of transformational initiatives. I am actively involved in the supply chain transformation programme," says Maniar, who challenges the age-old supply chain processes and comes up with out-of-the-box ideas. Varun Gupta, recruited by Blackstone from Harvard Business School , was instrumental in helping to revoke an expansion plan by Trans Maldivian Airways, the oldest air services operator in the Maldives .
FEATURED ARTICLES

Hirings in India up by 8 per cent in July-September quarterYou are here: Home > Collections
Hirings up 8% in Jul-September quarter
PTI Oct 29, 2014, 06.47PM IST
(According to Wisdomjobs.com,…)
NEW DELHI: The hiring activity in India registered 8 per cent rise in the July-September quarter and the bullish trend in recruitment was seen across sectors led by IT, says a report.
According to Wisdomjobs.com, on monthly basis, the trends report for September showed stable results as compared to August.
As per sector-wise hiring trend analysis, the report said IT was in a better position than other sectors. It observed a rise of 7 per cent and Pharma sector by 6 per cent. The BPO sector witnessed a small rise of 3 per cent.
"The IT and Marketing sectors have experienced a considerable swell. If other sectors also follow suit, the situation of employment in India will transform and generate scores of job opportunities for the job-seekers," the report said.
As far as the trend analysis of Functional areas is concerned, the areas of Marketing, IT and Finance experienced a boost of 5, 2 and 1 per cent. HR, ITes, Sales and Banking presented a downward trend.
City-wise, Kolkata witnessed a maximum surge in hiring activities by 16 per cent in September 2014 as compared to September 2013.
Hyderabad and Pune saw a rise of 8 per cent while Chennai, Bengaluru and Delhi showed 7 per cent, 6 per cent and 2 per cent growth respectively. Mumbai showed no growth at all, the report said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

J&K polls: BJP counts on Shias for first seat in valleyAssembly polls
(A victory in J&K, where the…)
NEW DELHI: BJP will try to maximise its strengths in Jammu and Ladakh and open its account in the Kashmir Valley. The party also plans micro-managing to break the idea that the valley is homogenous.
Delegations representing the Bakkarwal and Gujjar communities have already met Prime Minister Narendra Modi in Delhi in the last few months. Efforts are on to woo the Shiite community, present in small numbers in the valley, and in larger numbers in Ladakh.
"There is a fallacy that the Kashmir is homogenous in terms of population, there are people other than the majority Sunnis, and BJP is targeting them," said a senior leader involved in the strategy. This also involved a committee set up to facilitate the enrolment of Kashmir Pandit migrant voters on the Valley's rolls, and to allow them to vote from where they reside. "That should be done this time round," said the leader. "We expect to open our account in Kashmir proper, may be even up to 6-7, mostly at the cost of Congress."
State leaders are banking on the Modi effect to maximise performance in Jammu and Ladakh. "The state government and Congress have lost credibility, especially after the way the floods were handled," says Hari Om, political advisor to the party's state unit chief JK Sharma.
"When the PM visited Srinagar on Diwali, he received many delegations from various groups who insisted that rather than channeling the relief funds through the state government, the Centre should take on the job directly, this was unprecedented," he said. "Someone like Shabnam Lone to welcomed the PM's visit publicly," he added.
Jammu, where the party had scored 11 out of the 36 seats, the last time round too is an area where the Modi effect will be employed to the full. With just a month to the first phase of polling, the party will be finalising tickets this week. A victory in J&K, where the first president of the Jana Sangh, Shyama Prasad Mookerjee died in state custody, is something the party is desperately hoping for.
FEATURED ARTICLES

BJP launches drive to stengthen presence in Assam  Bengal  TN & KeralaBJP launches drive to stengthen presence in Assam, Bengal, Tamil Nadu and Kerala
Rakesh Mohan Chaturvedi, ET Bureau Oct 30, 2014, 02.03PM IST
Tags:
BJP
(Empowering grass root cadre…)
NEW DELHI: BJP has launched a drive to make the party stronger in West Bengal , Assam, Tamil Nadu and Kerala, spurred by RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat voicing concern during his Vijayadashami speech over the changing demographic profile of the two eastern states and increasing violence against Sangh activists in the two southern states.
The BJP and RSS leaders that ET talked to said — some on condition of anonymity — that the strategy for in these four states that will go to polls in 2016 is to convince the voters that they should vote for BJP if they wish to become a part of the development initiatives being taken by PM Narendra Modi.
Strengthening the cadre from the booth level up, connecting with the local issues, highlighting achievements of the Modi government and targeting the party in power in the state will all be part of its strategy.
Since these states have a sizable Muslim population, BJP and RSS are hopeful that a polarisation of votes will help them.
Some said BJP—which has always attributed the rise in Muslim population in Bengal and Assam to illegal immigration from Bangladesh and other parties' policy of minority appeasement — is making a bid to win over the Hindu voters in these states by covertly polarising the electorate on this issue.
The Modi government has taken up the issue of illegal immigration with Bangladesh. "The changing demographic profile in the state is causing an imbalance and this should be checked," S S Ahluwalia, BJP MP from Darjeeling and party in-charge of Assam said.
A party leader from Assam said, "Earlier there were religious conversions in Assam but now there is illegal immigration of Muslims from Bangladesh. There are also cases of 'love jihad' where Muslims are marrying Hindu women and using them as child-producing machines." BJP, for the first time, won seven out of 14 Lok Sabha seats in the state this year. In West Bengal, it managed to increase its vote-share to 17% from 6% earlier, and already claims to be the main political adversary of the ruling TMC.
In Tamil Nadu, arrest of J Jayalalithaa in a graft case has given renewed hope to the saffron party of increasing its political footprint. "We plan to attach the state to the national agenda. Till now the state has not had a tag with the Centre," Rajiv Pratap Rudy, BJP general secretary in-charge of Tamil Nadu, said.
In Kerala, where BJP has never won even an assembly seat, it is now targeting 71+ seats in the 140-member assembly, according to party national secretary H Raja, who has just assumed charge of the state.
Saffron leaders claimed that both BJP and RSS are strong in Kerala that has 55% Hindu population. "But people end up voting for Congress when they want to prevent the LDF from coming to power. We have to convince the voter that we can get a majority," a senior RSS office-bearer told ET.
FEATURED ARTICLES

BJP plans to foray down TN marking anniversary of Chola King s accessionBJP
(Choice of Chola not just…)
NEW DELHI: BJP and RSS are making yet another attempt to breach the as yet impregnable Dravidian fortress of Tamil Nadu politics by announcing a year-long celebration to mark the 1,000th anniversary of the accession to the throne of King Rajendra Chola.
At the recently concluded Akhil Bharatiya Karyakarini Mandal meet of the RSS, this decision slipped by unnoticed in the din of organisational changes announced at the meet.
Both the choice of icon and the fact that the RSS announced its programme at a time when AIADMK leader J Jayalalithaa is facing legal troubles is replete with meaning. "This is aimed at 2016 (when Tamil Nadu goes to polls), this is the chance to make headway in Tamil Nadu," said a senior RSS office bearer.
According to Tamilisai Soundararajan, president of BJP's state unit, the choice of Chola hinges not just on the fact that he was a conquering hero for Tamilians, having conquered much of Southeast Asia, but also "an attempt to get above the divisive politics, and talk of more religion-minded people".
"He is not just a Tamil king and the pride of the state, but to celebrate him is to go against the current trend of Dravidian politics, that only Dravidian-minded people be celebrated, and others, especially if they are religious-minded, are pushed to the background or are called anti-secular," she said.
Her reference is to the fact that as emperor, Rajendra Chola had endowed many Shaiviite mutts in Tamil Nadu. "He supported Brahmdeya land grants, endowed many Shaiviite mutts and was an expansionist king," says M SS Pandian, professor at JNU.
While Pandian acknowledges that the choice of Rajendra Chola makes "sense" for the BJP. "He was an expansionist king extending the borders of his kingdom beyond India into Southeast Asia and he was a king who did endow religious orders," he said. "But it won't be easy for the BJP even with Jayalalithaa's present troubles. In the past too, the Sangh Parivar has tried to appropriate the text Tirupural, which was celebrated by the Dravidian movement, Tamil Bhakti saints were also promoted by them," he said.
With a new BJP chief, who is an OBC, he adds, the effort is very visible but may take more time. The Sangh Parivar has time till 2016, and they hope a dead king may help them crack the one political puzzle that has baffled them till now.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Indians prefer bigger  expensive TVs  phones & carsYou are here: Home > Collections
Indian consumers are now splurging on expensive models of TVs, smartphones and cars
Writankar Mukherjee, ET Bureau Oct 30, 2014, 04.49AM IST
Tags:
Gadgets
( According to trade estimates,…)
KOLKATA: Nielsen's latest global consumer confidence survey of 60 countries ranks India's consumers as the most bullish. Add biggish to the list of descriptors for Indian consumers' buying habits — data from the last two months conclusively demonstrate that not only are Indians buying lots but they are buying in bigger sizes. In smartphones, televisions and cars —three crucial categories in the durables/personal technology/lifestyle statement space — Indians have opted for bigger, and more expensive, options. Companies and retailers say the 'buy big' trend is basically a result of consumer confidence returning.
For large-sized TVs and large-screen smartphones, September-October sales have doubled on a year-on-year basis. According to trade estimates, September-October saw more than 1 million units of 40-inch and even bigger sized flat panel LED and plasma televisions being sold. The figure for the same period last year was 0.2 million units. Market tracker CMR India estimates that smartphone sales in October has hit a record high of more than 12 million units as compared to the usual of 7-8 million units in a month.
Large screen smartphones — 4.5 inches screen size, measured diagonally — priced upwards of Rs 15,000 dominated the sales.Retailers say top-selling handsets were Apple iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, Samsung's Galaxy Alpha, Note 4, Grand 2 and Prime, Sony Xperia C3, HTC 816G and Micromax Canvas Knight and Gold. As per trade estimates, all stocks of Apple's iPhone 6 and 6 Plus flew off the shelves as soon as they hit the stores, selling more than 55,000 units of the models priced between Rs 53,500 to Rs 80,500.
"Consumer sentiment has vastly improved, especially in the cities, boosted by availability of easy consumer financing, lower inflation and positive economic sentiments," said Panasonic India managing director Manish Sharma. Sharma said not only Panasonic, but several other brands are stockout in large-screen television models, especially 55 inches, 65 inches and smart televisions that cost upwards of Rs 1 lakh.
"We could not forecast this huge demand," he said. For cars, the trend has been visible longer but is sharpening now. Industry data show the super compact car segment (Etios and Dzire are examples in this category) grew in sales in 2013-14 while the cheaper mini and compact cars posted a decline in sales. And in September, among the top 10 selling passenger vehicles, only four vehicles were in smaller sizes and priced below Rs 4 lakh. The next set of data due soon is expected to further confirm this trend.
"The entry-level segment itself is modifying and moving up the value chain. Earlier Maruti 800 used to be the entry level. Now Alto has become the entry level while sales of premium segments have increased," said Vishnu Mathur, Director-General of industry body SIAM.
"The passion for bigger and better vehicles is thanks mainly due to increase in the standard of living," Mathur said. Brisk sales of SUVs and luxury sedans, say auto industry executives, also point to the buying big trend.
Renault, Ford, Mercedes Benz and Audi are automakers that have particularly benefited from the trend. The winners in the smartphone and TV versions of buy big are the usual suspects. Samsung, Sony, Panasonic, Micromax and Videocon all say recent sales of large screen TVs have been beyond expectation.
 
Videocon chief operating officer CM Singh said unit sales of 40-inch and bigger sized TVs matched sales contribution from smaller TVs — a first for the company.Samsung India spokesperson said sales over the last few weeks have exceeded expectations across all product categories and price points, and that includes the newly launched Galaxy Note 4 smartphone.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India s delivery men offer prize investment as billions pour into e-commFrom Japan's richest man Masayoshi Son to Amazon.com's Jeff Bezos, everyone wants a piece of India's booming online retail sector.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI/BANGALORE: From Japan's richest man to Jeff Bezos , everyone wants a piece of India's booming online retail sector. For those without billions to pump into the tightly held firms who dominate e-commerce, the best bet may be the delivery men.
On Tuesday, SoftBank Corp Chief Executive Masayoshi Son joined Bezos's Amazon.com Inc in pledging heavy investment in an e-commerce industry worth $10 billion and seen quadrupling in five years. Son's gambit: a stake in Snapdeal, India's third-biggest online marketplace.
Yet the little-known firms that deliver goods ordered online are already raking in rocketing earnings from e-commerce in a country with the world's third-biggest Internet user base, and they're listed. Shares in companies like Transport Corp of India and Gati Ltd have surged more than three-quarters this year as industry watchers seek a chance to invest.
"When you see the limitless growth in the e-commerce sector, you do want to get involved," said Eric Mookherjee, a Paris-based fund manager at Shanti India, whose holdings include Transport Corp. "The next Alibaba or Tencent can be created in a country whose population is roughly similar to China. You will get that in India."
Finance house Nomura estimated in a research note in July that India's e-commerce industry could more than quadruple to $43 billion over the next five years, driven by online retail.
Pledging to invest $10 billion in India in the next 10 years, SoftBank's Son on Tuesday said Snapdeal has the potential to become India's Alibaba, the recently listed Chinese e-commerce giant. Son is well placed to know: his fast-growing Japanese telecom and media empire is the biggest Alibaba investor.
DELIVERY OUTSOURCING A MUST
Son's move comes after India's two biggest online retailers, the home-grown startup Flipkart.com, and Amazon's India business, began spending billions of dollars to secure a bigger share of the market. Though India's Internet population is huge, e-commerce infrastructure remains relatively under-developed and ripe for huge growth.
The forecasts for future expansion, and a key role in it for third-party delivery firms, have helped push the more than $50 billion Indian logistics sector, including Gati and Transport Corp, about 80 per cent higher so far this year. That makes it the fifth-best performing major industry in India by the Thomson Reuters StarMine classification.
Earnings are also ramping up. Net income of Blue Dart Express and Transport Corp is expected to jump by 37 per cent and 24 per cent in this fiscal year respectively, according to Thomson Reuters' SmartEstimates, which place an emphasis on recent forecasts by top-rated analysts.
In comparison, net profit of companies in the Bombay Stock Exchange's main 30-share index is expected to rise just 15 per cent on average.
As the market surges, competition for customers among e-commerce firms will see them seek to cut delivery times and expand into smaller cities. While Amazon and Snapdeal use both in-house logistics networks and external service providers, new services will see them relying increasingly on outsourcing.
Page 1 of 2

Banks may soon slash interest rates on loansBanks may cut lending rates
Recommend
Link
1 month 10 days ago, ET NOW
Even as the RBI holds on to a tight monetary policy, banks are under increasing pressure to bring down lending rates. With Axis Bank having taken the lead by cutting its base rate by 10 basis points, other banks may follow suit, more so because banks are flush with funds and credit growth is languishing at a 14-year-low.
More on ET NOW:
ET NOW - Fri 5 Dec, 2014 10:50 PM IST
LATEST ET NOW VIDEOS
Terms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

Gold Prices Plunge by Rs. 400 on Global CuesYou are here: Home Commodities
Gold Prices Plunge by Rs 400 on Global Cues
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 30, 2014 15:39 (IST)
Gold Weakens on Global Cues, Silver Falls on Reduced Offtake
New Delhi: Gold prices tumbled by Rs 400 to trade at nearly one-month low of Rs 27,100 per 10 grams in the national capital today on emergence of selling by stockists amid a weak global trend.
Silver followed suit and declined by Rs 550 to Rs 37,850 per kg on poor offtake by industrial units and coin makers.
Traders said sentiments turned bearish after gold fell to three-week low in global markets as a stronger dollar curbed demand after the Federal Reserve ended its asset-purchase programme because of an improving labour market.
Gold in London, which normally sets price trend on the domestic front, dropped 0.7 per cent to $1,203.22 an ounce, and silver by 1.3 per cent to $16.86 an ounce.
Shifting of funds towards surging equity market and sluggish demand at prevailing levels also dampened the sentiment, they said.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity plunged by Rs 400 each to Rs 27,100 and Rs 26,900 per 10 grams, respectively, a level last seen on October 6.
Sovereign followed suit and shed Rs 100 at Rs 24,100 per piece of eight grams.
In a similar fashion, silver ready dropped by Rs 550 to Rs 37,850 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 660 to Rs 37,560 per kg.
Silver coins also plummeted by Rs 1,000 to Rs 65,000 for buying and Rs 66,000 for selling of 100 pieces.
Story first published on: October 30, 2014 15:37 (IST)

23 photos that will inspire you to get a tattoo23 Tattoo Photos That Will Inspire You To Get A Tattoo
by BuzzFeed 1:30 mins
Some inkspiration for that tattoo you always wanted.
Link

NYC woman who was harassed over 100 times in 10 hours gets rape threatsNew York woman who was harassed 100 times in 10 hours gets rape threats
Agencies
print
A video that shows a woman being harassed by men on the streets of New York over 100 times within 10 hours has gone viral. The actor, Shoshana Roberts, has now spoken out on her entire experience that has been created to heighten awareness of street harassment.
Roberts and her friend secretly recorded her walking through the streets of New York City in jeans and a T-shirt as man after man greets her with remarks such as "hey, baby" or "hey, beautiful”. When she does not respond, she is admonished for being rude with comments such as "smile" or "somebody's acknowledging you for being beautiful. You should say thank you more."
The actress describes the motive as, “The frequency is something alarming, and people might know that this was happening but not to the degree that it actually is."
Watch: NYC woman who filmed herself being harassed on the streets speaks out
The two-minute video called '10 Hours of Walking in NYC as a Woman' has been viewed over 13 million times since being uploaded to YouTube on Tuesday. As views of the video skyrocketed, Roberts said she had received violent threats online. "The majority of the reactions by email were positive but unfortunately a few ones were negative, involving hurting me, killing me. I'm going to go to the police because I don't feel safe," the actress added.
The video has been produced for charity Hollaback!, which works to end street harassment endured by women and minority groups. The charity said Roberts was also threatened with rape in some comments to the YouTube post. Hollaback! executive director said, "We want this video to show people who are harassed that they are not alone, that we have their back. And for the people doing the harassing, want them to see the impact that this has on us."
Roberts said pestering is a daily reality, which may not always be verbal.
 Watch: 10 Hours of Walking in NYC as a Woman

Gold prices plunge by 400 on global cuesGold prices tumbled by Rs. 400 to trade at nearly one-month low of Rs. 27,100 per 10 grams in the national capital on Thursday on emergence of selling by stockists amid a weak global trend.
 
Silver followed suit and declined by Rs. 550 to Rs. 37,850 per kg on poor offtake by industrial units and coin makers.
 
Traders said sentiments turned bearish after gold fell to three-week low in global markets as a stronger dollar curbed demand after the Federal Reserve ended its asset-purchase programme because of an improving labour market.
 
Gold in London, which normally sets price trend on the domestic front, dropped 0.7% to $1,203.22 an ounce, and silver by 1.3% to $16.86 an ounce.
 
Shifting of funds towards surging equity market and sluggish demand at prevailing levels also dampened the sentiment, they said.
 
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5% purity plunged by Rs. 400 each to Rs. 27,100 and Rs. 26,900 per 10 grams, respectively, a level last seen on October 6.
 
Sovereign followed suit and shed Rs. 100 at Rs. 24,100 per piece of eight grams.
 
In a similar fashion, silver ready dropped by Rs. 550 to Rs. 37,850 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs. 660 to Rs. 37,560 per kg.
 
Silver coins also plummeted by Rs. 1,000 to Rs. 65,000 for buying and Rs. 66,000 for selling of 100 pieces.
Advertisement

SEBI moves SC against Sahara for non-payment of investors  moneyComments
Market regulator SEBI on Thursday moved the Supreme Court seeking its direction to Sahara group to give a time schedule for payment of Rs. 47,000 crore to it as directed by the court.
In an application, SEBI submitted that the group be directed to furnish all details before the court regarding offers it received for its three luxury hotels in New York and London which was put on sale to raise money to be deposited with it to ensure bail for its chief Subrata Roy who has been in jail for around eight months.
The apex court had earlier allowed Roy, 65, to use the conference room in Tihar jail complex to hold negotiations with potential buyers for selling the hotels Dream Downtown and The Plaza in New York and Grosvenor House in London.
SEBI also submitted that court should pass order for selling off Sahara's properties to raise the amount.
The apex court had on August 1 allowed Roy and two directors of his group to use the conference room in Tihar jail complex for 10 days from August 5 to hold negotiations with potential buyers. The time period was further extended for 15 days on August 14.
They got 15 more working days on September 8 to finish their task.
The apex court had earlier refused to release Roy on interim bail or parole but had allowed selling of his luxury hotels.
Roy, who was sent to jail on March 4 this year for non-refund of over Rs. 20,000 crore with interest to depositors, was asked by the court to pay Rs. 10,000 crore to get bail, out of which Rs. 5,000 crore in cash and rest of the amount in bank guarantee.
Sahara has raised Rs. 3,117 crore which has been deposited with SEBI.
The group, however, has been claiming that it has already repaid money to 93 per cent investors.

E-commerce  euphoria  to last 18 months only: BiyaniThe "euphoria" over the scorching pace of eCommerce market in India will last about 18 months as things begin to settle down and "reality" sets in, Future Group chief Kishore Biyani on Thursday said.
Biyani has recently partnered with global e-tailing giant Amazon to sell its merchandise exclusively online.
Known as a pioneer of Indian retail chains, Biyani had criticised Flipkart and other e-commerce firms in India for under-cutting the market and selling products at below the cost price, saying that it would hurt other retail channels.
"The euphoria should last for 6-18 months. Then it will be over. You can't live in the euphoria and reality will set in," Biyani said at the Technopak Leadership Forum, E-tailing 2014.
Estimated to be a USD three billion segment, the Indian eCommerce sector has been growing at a massive pace with players like Snapdeal and Flipkart raising well over USD 4 billion from a range of investors including angel and private equity firms.
Also, world's largest online retailer Amazon has committed investment of USD 2 billion in the country over the next few years.
Asked if the brick and mortar stores will be impacted severely by the growing preference for online shopping, Biyani said all formats will survive.
"They will all survive, but not in their original form," he said.
Citing the example of Future Group he said the company has a mix of online and offline presence that helps them reach to customers.
"People used to go to haats and exhibitions in the past. They have not gone away. These will change forms but they will be there in some form," he said.
A report by consulting firm Technopak pegs the USD 2.3 billion e-tailing market to reach USD 32 billion by 2020.
According to reports, of the USD 1.02 billion dollars of investment that came into all software companies in India in 2013, as much as USD 808 million was in e-commerce companies.

Airtel Q2 Net shoots up nearly three-fold to 1 383 croreBharti Airtel, country's largest mobile operator, on Thursday reported nearly three-fold jump in consolidated net profit to Rs. 1,383 crore for the September quarter led by growth in mobile data revenues.
Airtel said this is the highest quarterly profit since March 2011.
The company had reported a net profit of Rs. 512 crore in the corresponding period of last fiscal, it said in a statement.
Airtel's total revenue rose 7.1% to Rs. 22,845 crore for the the second quarter ended September 30, 2014 as compared to Rs. 21,324 crore in the corresponding period.
"Consolidated mobile data revenues at Rs. 2,540 crore grew by 66.7% year-on-year, contributing more than two- thirds of the incremental revenues," Airtel said in a statement.
Mobile data traffic grew significantly by 94.6% to 78.1 billion MBs during the quarter as compared to 40.1 billion MBs in the corresponding quarter last year.
Airtel said mobile data revenues now represent 11.1% of the total revenues as compared to 7.1% in the corresponding quarter last year.
Airtel said for India, mobile data revenue registered a growth of 73.8% y-o-y at Rs. 1,805 crore, uplifted by increase in data customer base and higher usage per customer. Mobile data revenues now contribute to 14.5% of mobile India revenues.
"We continue to see strong momentum in mobile data which has grown by 74% in this quarter. Airtel's pioneering 4G roll-out in 15 cities is now witnessing stronger customer acceptance," Bharti Airtel MD and CEO (India & South Asia) Gopal Vittal said.
     The company said it continued to accelerate mobile data growth in India with 40.1 million data customers as on September 30, 2014, representing a growth of 43% as compared to 28 million at the end of the corresponding quarter last year.
     "Voice realisation per minute on a sequential basis dropped marginally as a result of competitive interventions; however, the realisation of 37.69 paise reflects an increase of 0.90 paise over the corresponding quarter last year," Airtel said.
The churn in India has improved to 3.1% for the reported quarter as compared to 3.2% last time.

Fifty one countries sign agreement to tackle black moneyFifty one countries sign agreement to tackle black money
Noopur Tiwari , Hindustan Times  Berlin, October 30, 2014
First Published: 20:07 IST(30/10/2014) | Last Updated: 11:49 IST(31/10/2014)
Comments
Fifty-one countries and jurisdictions signed a treaty in Berlin Wednesday to start automatic information exchange by 2017 or 2018 onwards. Aiming to access information about offshore holdings of its citizens more easily, these countries came together in what is being seen as a first step in an important global effort for increased transparency.
 
Who has signed and who hasn't
Conspicuous by its absence was India, who was not part of this group of signatories that include emerging economies such as South Africa and Argentina joining the OECD (Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development) countries such as France, Germany and the United Kingdom.
Some countries that have traditionally been seen as banking secrecy jurisdictions or tax havens also signed on and this includes Austria, Liechtenstein and Cayman Islands. Mauritius has also signed the agreeement. Switzerland, which had committed as an early adopter, hasn’t yet signed.
 
Why would a country not sign the agreement?
Low income countries who do not have the wherewithal to collect information won't be able to sign because reciprocity is a condition. If they cannot give info under the automatic system, they cannot get info except using older methods.
Tax havens would be reluctant to give information so they won't sign this agreement. Or if a country doesn't need to information, it will not sign. None of the above apply to India.
The OECD told HT that it could not comment on why India couldn't sign but said that the agreement remains open so more countries, including India, can still sign it. It remains unclear however as to why India was unable to participate in this big signing since it had committed to early adoption.
Why is multilateral framework better than bilateral treaties?
In September, the OECD presented a new standard whereby countries signing treaties will be provided exchange of all financial information on an annual basis, automatically. 90 countries, including India, committed to early adoption.
The "Multilateral Competent Authority Agreement" (MCAA) which will activate the automatic exchange of information is a framework that provides a standardized set of rules. It will provide for first information exchanges by September 2017.
Bilateral treaties, on the other hand, are also an option but would need more time and resources and also leave the scope for countries shielding wrongdoers to haggle over the terms. India and Switzerland have been wrangling over such issues for many years.
Andres Knobel of the Tax Justice Network told HT the MCAA is "not enough but necessary" for countries looking to retrieve information on overseas accounts.
When will India join the global fight against black money?
Finance Minister Arun Jaitely recently said India was going to start discussing a bilateral treaty with Switzerland for automatic information exchange. It's not clea yet if such discussions have been initiated with other countries as well.
For the moment India is preoccupied with the controversy over two lists of names from European whistleblowers. But those backing automatic exchange of information have argued that it will free authorities from being dependent on "stolen data" to extract information.

Chhath devotees scare away Okhla birdsChhath devotees scare away Okhla birds
Gautami Srivastava , Hindustan Times  Noida, October 31, 2014
First Published: 01:28 IST(31/10/2014) | Last Updated: 12:01 IST(31/10/2014)
Comments
Blaring music, booming crackers, heaps and heaps of plastic and leftover offerings, the Okhla Bird Sanctuary, an eco-sensitive zone, was an invaded territory early Thursday as hundreds of devotees crowded the lake-side to perform Chhath rituals.
For the last four days, people have been crowding the lake, which is central to the 400-hectare sanctuary, to take a dip and offer prayers to the Sun God, scaring away the birds.
Reckless human behaviour during the annual Chhath Puja that coincides with the migratory bird season is forcing several species to pick a safer habitat, say environmentalists.
“The intrusion on Chhath days is taking a toll on the sanctuary. Devotees not only pollute the water bodies but also play loud music and burst crackers. Frightened birds immediately flee the place,” said TK Roy, a conservationist and ecologist.
“The interference can permanently affect the habitat of these birds and spoil the rich biodiversity of the sanctuary.”
The lake created by damming the Yamuna is as a major bird habitat, home to some 330 species. Migratory birds, too, flock the sanctuary situated on the Delhi-Noida border.
The Northern shoveler, great flamingo, great white pelican, common coot, black headed gull, graylag goose and the Eurasian wigeon are some of the birds that fly in from Siberia and Central Asia to escape the winter. Last year, the number of migratory bird species dropped to 28 from 38 in 2012, according to an international wildlife body.
“We try to stop as many people as possible. Some go back, but there are several who just won’t listen. We can’t fight them physically,” said an official on condition of anonymity.
The lake, in fact the sanctuary, is already battling pollution, encroachment and lack of water.
Many of the devotees even stay overnight. The administration and forest department had failed to keep the crowd away, Roy said.
Forest officials expressed their helplessness. “The devotees who come to the sanctuary have been coming here for several generations. It is not easy to stop such a huge crowd,” forest ranger of the sanctuary IC Singh said. “We request them to keep it down.”

Tokyo Stocks Open Higher as Dollar Gains on US Economic DataYou are here: Home Market
Tokyo Stocks Open Higher as Dollar Gains on US Economic Data
AFP | Updated On: October 31, 2014 07:33 (IST)
Tokyo stocks opened 1.02 per cent higher on Friday despite a spate of poor Japanese economic data, as the dollar rose further against the yen on robust US economic data.
The Nikkei 225 index at the Tokyo Stock Exchange rose 158.94 points to 15,817.14 at the start.
Investors also cheered media reports that Japan's national pension fund, the world's largest, decided to double its domestic stock holdings, while they seemed to shrug off poor data from Japan.
A raft of September economic data released early Friday were largely disappointing, including a 5.6 per cent drop in household spending, slower inflation and higher unemployment.
In a plus for Japanese exporters the dollar jumped against the yen Thursday after better-than-expected US economic growth data added to a boost from the Federal Reserve's slightly hawkish policy statement the prior day.
The US Commerce Department said the world's largest economy grew at an annualised 3.5 per cent in the third quarter on stronger exports and defence spending, beating a market prediction of a 3.0 per cent rise.
The reading fuelled speculation that the Fed could hike interest rates earlier than expected.
The dollar was at 109.32 yen early Friday, up from 109.22 yen in New York Thursday afternoon and 109.08 yen in Tokyo earlier Thursday.
A weak yen is good for Japanese exporters as it makes them more competitive abroad and inflates their profit when repatriated.
In New York on Thursday, strong earnings by credit card giant Visa sent its stock soaring by more than 10 per cent, almost single-handedly powering the blue-chip Dow index to a 1.3 per cent gain.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average finished up 1.30 per cent while the broad-based S&P 500 added 0.62 per cent.
Story first published on: October 31, 2014 07:30 (IST)

Real-Estate Funds Needn t Be Riled by Rising RatesThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

NASAs Cassini catches sunlight glinting off the oceans of Saturns moonBy Rachel Feltman October 30 Follow @rachelfeltman
This near-infrared, color view from Cassini shows the sun glinting off of Titan's north polar seas. (NASA/JPL-Caltech/University of Arizona/University of Idaho)
Man, Cassini really is the best. The spacecraft, which orbits Saturn and is basically NASA's pride and joy , keeps delivering both invaluable data and breathtaking photos.
While it's obviously a mosaic of several individual shots, the image above is certainly impressive. It's the first time that one image shows both the polar seas of Titan (one of Saturn's moons) and the aura of light caused by the sun hitting them. From NASA :
The sunglint, also called a specular reflection, is the bright area near the 11 o'clock position at upper left. This mirror-like reflection, known as the specular point, is in the south of Titan's largest sea, Kraken Mare, just north of an island archipelago separating two separate parts of the sea.
These seas, which are made up of mostly methane and ethane, are on the moon's poles — particularly in the north. The rest of Titan's surface is mostly covered in sand dunes.
To the right of the yellow sunglint, the image also captures some bright methane clouds. It could be that these are producing liquid methane rain, keeping the polar seas full. And the bright outline that surrounds the sea (a "bathtub ring") could represent the sea's original outline, showing that it's shrunk in size over time.
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

Dollar underpinned by GDP  BOJ next in focusDollar surges on strong U.S. jobs data, more room to rise
By Daniel Bases, Reuters
Finance Federal Reserve Mario Draghi Stanley Fischer European Central Bank
The U.S. dollar reached fresh multiyear highs on Friday after a stronger-than-forecast November U.S. jobs report increased expectations the Federal Reserve may begin raising interest rates sooner than previously thought.
Employers added the most workers in nearly three years in November and wages rose, the latest U.S. employment report showed. Nonfarm payrolls increased by 321,000, better than forecasts for an increase of 230,000. The unemployment rate held steady at a six-year low of 5.8 percent.
8
Earlier this week U.S. central bank officials such as New York Fed President William Dudley and Fed Vice Chairman Stanley Fischer made comments that pointed toward rate increases in response to stronger U.S. economic figures, maintaining a focus on what the data showed.
"The Fed already indicated that they were shifting. The comments from Dudley and Fischer earlier this week suggested they were beginning to think seriously about normalizing (policy) and this would make them think even more seriously, that they should be thinking about H1 (first half of the year) versus H2," said Steven Englander, global head of G10 foreign exchange strategy at CitiFX.
0
Friday's jobs data pulled market expectations for the Fed to start tightening monetary policy back toward mid-2015 from September.
Interest rate futures contracts now show that traders see about a 53 percent chance for a July 2015 hike, based on the CME FedWatch program. That is more in line with last month's Reuters poll of economists who see the first rate increase in June of next year.
"The trend is pretty good. Now comes the second-guessing in the market. It brings concerns that the Fed might look to raise earlier than some people had expected. I don't think anyone should fear the Fed right now," said Scott Brown, chief economist at Raymond James in St. Petersburg, Florida. Brown said the increase could be seasonal but there is optimism heading into 2015.
Rising U.S. interest rates would be in stark contrast to the euro zone and Japan, where monetary policy is moving in the opposite direction. The pattern would increase the yield advantage for investors holding U.S. dollar-denominated assets.
"We think dollar/yen could hit 125 yen before the end of 2014. But then it is going to stabilize. We think that the good news will be priced in at that stage," said Englander, who added the euro has more to fall, perhaps reaching $1.20 before the end of the year and plumbing lows of $1.12 to $1.15 in 2015.
In late afternoon New York trade, the dollar traded at 121.42 yen, a gain of 1.37 percent but off a high of 121.68 yen, the strongest level since mid-2007.
The euro fell 0.70 percent to $1.2290. In the immediate trading after the payrolls data the euro slid to $1.2271, its weakest since mid-August 2012.
On Thursday, European Central Bank President Mario Draghi said the central bank would decide early next year whether to take fresh action to revive the economy. Draghi also said any decision by the bank's Governing Council need not be unanimous to begin quantitative easing measures, including buying of sovereign bonds in an effort to spur borrowing and investment.
Some in the market were disappointed Draghi did not find an even more explicit way of moving the bank closer to outright quantitative easing.
But his language, and a veiled warning that opposition from German policymakers would not stand in the way of the governing council acting if need be, pointed towards the launch of bond-buying in the first quarter.
"Taking on board likely further falls in headline HICP (inflation), Draghi's comments give succour to the idea that further policy moves are coming at the next couple of meetings," said London-based Gavin Friend, senior markets strategist at National Australia Bank.
The U.S. dollar index hit a peak of 89.467 <.DXY>, its highest since early March 2009, up 0.86 percent on the day.
The slide in crude oil prices to below $66 a barrel  continued to undermine the Norwegian crown. At one point the dollar advanced 1.75 percent to 7.1793 crowns , its strongest since March 2009. It traded late at 7.1263 crowns, for a 1 percent gain on the day.
(Additional reporting by Richard Leong in New York, Ann Saphir in San Francisco, and Patrick Graham in London.; Editing by Toby Chopra, Jeffrey Benkoe and Meredith Mazzilli)

Movie review: Novelty of the concept makes Roar an interesting filmCast: Abhinav Shukla, Himarsha, Subrat Dutta, Virendra Singh Ghuman, Ali Quli Mirza
Director: Kamal Sadanah
Rating: 2.5/5
A still from Roar
Do you remember the song Tujhe Naa Dekhoon Toh Chain Mujhe Aata Nahi from 1993 film Rang? If yes then you are likely to remember the guy opposite Divya Bharti. Yes, I am talking about Kamal Sadanah, one of the cute heroes of early ‘90s. He is a director now and his debut venture tries to explore a lesser seen world.
A wildlife photographer goes to the Sunderbans, one of the most dense mangrove forests in the world, where he rescues a white tiger cub only to be discovered and killed by the cub’s mother. Now, the photographer’s brother Pandit (Abhinav Shukla), who is a commando by profession, is back in the tiger’s territory to avenge the death of his kin. But, despite being a trained soldier he is helpless in a land which belongs to the deadly wild creatures. What will happen to his vows then? Is he on the right track? Should the killer animal be treated as one lesser species and be spared the pain of death?
What’s so uncommon about this storyline? Basically nothing but since time immemorial stories are dealing with same set of nine emotions, and a good storyteller only changes the quantity of the ingredients. Has Kamal Sadanah become successful in doing so? Let’s find out.
Roar is not your typical man versus wild story as it swings between fantasy and adventure genres. There are sequences in the film which are completely fictionalised and lack any factual base but somehow they have turned out to be the most intriguing parts of the film. Anyway, we will talk about the creative liberty later.
The screenplay follows the usual linear structure where the director doesn’t spare much time in establishing the premise. A group of commandos, who wear glamorous clothes and take them off, is out on a mission to kill a so called man-eater. They have all the modern ammunitions and gadgets which they are using for a personal mission. Their anger brings them inside the delta region of the Sunderbans where they are tracked by wild beasts. Very soon, it becomes a direct fight between Pandit’s men and the tigress. This conflict looks stupid because the commandos arrive in the forest with arms and ammunition enough to blow up an entire district.
The man behind the megaphone wants to hide this goof-up with an exhibition of chiseled physiques. You see army print was never out of the fashion and thus the female members of the group keep flaunting their curvaceous figures in hot pants. Male members can also afford to go shirtless because the director very candidly makes one character say, "Sunderban me machchar aur kenchuye nahi hote," (Sunderbans is devoid of mosquitoes and leeches).
Because the target is not any ordinary tigress they have to go the extra mile where the brute starts killing them one by one. The tigress is smart enough to outwit the trained men at every point. Instead of falling into the trap meant for her, she devises a way to lead Pandit into the interiors of Sunderbans. She confuses Pandit with misleading footmarks and wrong symbols and ends up trapping them. At this juncture the hunters step up the gas rather than backing off and all hell breaks loose. Had it not been about the fantasised version of a jungle trail, the film would have turned into a joke at this point only. On the contrary, this becomes the cusp where Roar turns into an engaging story. Let me describe some scenes for you.
An apparent tribal marriage is happening where everybody is witnessing a strange ritual which sees the couple getting manually covered up by millions of honeybees. Some members of the Girgiti Kaum appear out of nowhere to bless the couple. What’s so special about it? The surrealism with which the sequence has been shot amidst the forests and its mysterious is breathtaking. For the uninitiated, Girgiti Kaum is of the people who are expert at camouflaging.
There is another scene where thousands of snakes chase Pandit’s gang. Even the ordinary moviegoer would figure out the role of CGI in it but it’s presented with such grandeur that the audience finds it hard to take eyes off till its over.
Similarly, the introduction of tiger tracker Jhumpa (Himarsha) is another interesting scene whose drama is heightened by a fantastic background score. John Stewart is the man responsible for that and his work is value added by Oscar winning sound designer Resul Pookutty.
One may find glimpses of Anaconda or Welcome To The Jungle in Roar but it’s probably the first Hindi film which has touched this adventure-fantasy genre wholeheartedly. Director of photography Micheal Watson has captured the essence of Sunderbans and its enticing death holes. Thanks to his camera, the jungle comes alive in its most wicked form. To me, he is the real auteur of the film but even his fabulous work couldn’t conceal bad scripting and terrible acting. The landscapes shown in Roar will remain with you for a long time.
Now come to the point of cinematic liberty and why a film should be judged in its entirety and not just on the basis of flawed storyline and lack of logic. How many directors come out of the usual rom-com-action zone to make a film on such issues? Out of them, how many dare to add fantasised sequences in the story? Shouldn’t Roar be given a chance due to its novelty and brave persuasion of modern cinematic techniques?
Roar can’t boast of big names and perfect acting skills but it can always show you something that you didn’t even know existed in India. Yes, CGI is largely responsible for it but even then somebody had to use it judiciously. Sadanah, also the editor of Roar, has somehow managed to keep the tempo satisfactory till the end. In my opinion, Roar deserves your attention because it’s a smartly executed film.

Maharashtra: Fadnavis and team all set for swearing-inProbables: Prakash Mehta, Ashish Shelar and Raj Purohit
 
Probables: Pandhurang Phundkar, Chainsukh Sancheti, Sanjay Kute, Chandrashekhar Bawankule
 
Probables: Girsh Mahajan, Jaykumar Rawal
 
Western Maharashtra: (probable) Suresh Khade, Girish Bapat, Dilip Kamble, Chandrakant Patil, Madhuri Misal, Bala Bhegde   
 
Konkan and Thane: Vishnu Savra, Sanjay Kelkar  
 
Probables: Haribhau Bagade, Sudhakar Bhalerao
 
The new CM’s schedule
8am: Devendra Fadnavis will flag off the run for unity near Hotel Trident. Governor C Vidyasagar Rao will be the chief guest
10am: Fadnavis, along with Rao, will garland the statue of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel on the occasion of his birth anniversary, at NSCI, Worli
Noon: Fadnavis will submit a list of the ministers to be sworn in to Rao at the Raj Bhavan
4.30pm: The oath-taking ceremony will start. It will last for about 35 minutes. According to the protocol, no cultural, musical programme or speeches will be held when governor Rao is on the stage
5.30pm: After the swearing-in, Fadnavis and the ministers will garland the statues of the Chhatrapati Shivaji and Jijabai at Mantralaya. Fadnavis and his team will go around the stadium in a chariot or a battery car, to express gratitude towards the people of the state after the swearing in. The cabinet will then meet on the seventh floor of the Mantralaya
6.30pm: Fadnavis will brief the media at the committee hall of the Mantralaya and announce the decisions taken by the cabinet.
Late evening: A meeting to decide on the portfolios will be held.
 
Centre stage
Of the 5,000 VIPs who will be accommodated in front of the stage, 1,200 are statutory dignitaries, including MLAs, MLCs, MPs, consulate generals from various countries, and judges, among others The union ministers and the chief ministers will be accommodated on one of the three podiums with Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who will be the chief guest.
BJP president Amit Shah and former deputy prime minister LK Advani will share the stage with Modi. Religious gurus, too, will share the stage with the ministers who will be sworn in on Friday Around 28,000 other invitees will be seated in the galleries of the stadium
 
Entertainment quotient
Musician Ashok Hande will perform for an hour before the swearing-in ceremony, as the invitees have been asked to reach the venue at least two hours before the event begins
 
It's the lotus all the way
The BJP plans to place 25 lotuses in the fishing boats off the Marine Drive.
The concept is based on former PM Atal Behari Vajpayee’s speech in the city in 1980, where he said one day, he would like to see the lotus blooming in the field of politics.
 
Money matters
The cost of the ceremony organised by the general administration department of the government and the Bhartiya Janata Party is well over Rs. 1 crore.
According to sources in the GAD, the government will bear the cost of the stage, seating arrangement, sound system, among others.
The cost of the set, LCD on the stage, snacks provided to the invitees, cost towards the decoration of the stage will be borne by the party.
When the ceremony is held at the Raj Bhavan, the cost borne by the government is around Rs. 25 lakh.
 
The management
The BJP had assigned their leaders the responsibility of inviting dignitaries from 21 categories such as corporate, Hindi films, theatre, religious gurus, politicians from other states, music industry, Marathi film industry, among others.
 
Team of five BJP leaders led by Kirit Somaiya got dignitaries from the corporate world, while spokesperson Shaina NC handled the coordination for Hindi film actors.
 
Union ministers who will be present
• Home minister Rajnath Singh
• Minister of state for power Piyush Goyal
• Chemical and fertilizers minister Anant Kumar
• Communication and information technology minister Ravishankar Prasad
• Heavy industries minister Anant Geete
 

Will Congress ever be able to cast off the taint of 1984 riotsComments
The ghost of the anti-Sikh riots of 1984 comes to haunt the Congress at regular intervals since the role of some of its leaders in the communal violence is under the scanner of courts and various agencies.
Nearly 3,000 Sikhs were killed in Delhi following the assassination of former Prime Minister Indira Gandhi by her two Sikh bodyguards on October 31, 1984.
Senior Congress leaders, including Jagdish Tytler and Sajjan Kumar, are facing allegations of involvement in the riots.
Though they have repeatedly denied any role, the two leaders had to bear the brunt of the public anger as the Congress dropped them as party candidates in 2009 Lok Sabha elections following massive protests. The same year, a shoe was also hurled at then home minister P Chidambaram by journalist Jarnail Singh, now an Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) leader, in protest against the CBI’s clean chit to them.
The Congress’ opponents have also used the riots and the purported remarks of former Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi as tools to attack it. “When a great tree falls, the earth is bound to shake” is how Rajiv is reported to have responded to the riots that broke out after his mother’s death.
But over the years, the Congress leadership has sought to comfort the community with their apologies. In one of her poll rallies in Chandigarh on January 27, 1998 before taking over as the Congress president, Sonia Gandhi had said she could understand the pain of Sikhs.
On August 12, 2005, then Prime Minister Manmohan Singh apologised in parliament. “I apologise not only to the Sikh community, but to the whole Indian nation because what took place in 1984 is the negation of the concept of nationhood enshrined in our Constitution.”
Congress vice president Rahul Gandhi too shared similar sentiments and admitted that some of his party men were probably involved in the riots and had been punished for it.
Recently, AAP’s bid to win over the community has caused much discomfort to political parties, primarily the BJP. After assuming power in Delhi, the Arvind Kejriwal government announced a special investigation team to probe the riots.

Trilokpuri: Police on the toes for jagran todayThe Delhi Police are patting themselves on the back for ‘cleaning up’ east Delhi’s Trilokpuri of its most menacing residents following investigations into the riots which were triggered a week ago.
Policemen patrol a road in Trilokpuri, New Delhi. (Mohd. Zakir/HT Photo)
They are now preparing for their biggest challenge on Friday— a local Hindu religious ceremony that is to take place in the area.
Confirming the news of a jagran taking place, police officials claim that the religious gathering will be under heavy police deployment with personnel in full riot gear throughout the night as locals allege this could re-instigate riots in the area.
The jagran will take place at the same spot where the riot began from and has been declared a highly sensitive zone since then.
Senior officials camping in the area have been taking meetings with people of various religious groups to ensure problems of everyone is understood.
The police on the other hand claim to have arrested some of the most dangerous residents of the locality — both Hindus and Muslims — whose worrying criminal records surfaced after they were found to be involved in the violence.
“You can ask the women and teenage girls of the area about their behaviour; most residents are actually happy they’re behind bars,” said a senior police officer adding that, so far, 68 people have been arrested for inciting or participating in the violence.
According to sources, investigators are gearing up for a significant arrest —that of a ‘local politician’.
Senior police officers refused to either confirm or deny their intention to arrest BJP’s Sunil Vaidya, who is the former MLA from the area and is accused of having fanned the violence.
“One thing is for certain, however; we will call and question him sooner rather than later,” an officer said.
“We have met other locals and members of both the communities and have assured them our full support. Further, they have also agreed to maintain harmony and peace during the procession,” said Sanjay Baniwal, Joint CP (Eastern Range).
The members of the minority commission who visited the area on Wednesday stated that the ‘current jagran structure’ must be removed by Friday to normalize the situation. The police officers are now on their toes for the religious ceremony to be carried out peacefully. “The jagran will take place under security and without any disturbance,” Baniwal said.

Arshad Warsi  Amit Sadhs Guddu Rangeela to release Feb 27 2015The Fox Star Studios’s movie, produced by Sangeeta Ahir, features Arshad Warsi, Amit Sadh, Ronit Roy and Aditi Rao Hydari in lead roles. (Source: Instagram)
New Delhi | Posted: October 31, 2014 9:49 am
Subhash Kapoor’s directorial “Guddu Rangeela” will release in theatres Feb 27, 2015.
The Fox Star Studios’s movie, produced by Sangeeta Ahir, features Arshad Warsi, Amit Sadh, Ronit Roy and Aditi Rao Hydari in lead roles.
Coming from the director of “Jolly LLB”, which was not just critically acclaimed but also commercially successful, one hopes “Guddu Rangeela” will provide wholesome entertainment to Bollywood lovers.

Jesse Ryder included in New Zealand A for UAEtourJesse Ryder;s inclusion in NZ A is a positive sign for the Kiwi left hander. (Source: AP)
By: Reuters | Wellington | Posted: October 31, 2014 9:44 am | Updated: October 31, 2014 11:38 am
Aggressive top-order batsman Jesse Ryder was passionate about rekindling his international career after he was thrown a World Cup lifeline by being named in a New Zealand ‘A’ team for one-day matches in the United Arab Emirates next month.
The 30-year-old Ryder has been kept out of the national side after he broke team protocols by drinking the night before a Test against India in February, the latest in a long line of off-field disciplinary issues for the burly left hander.
New Zealand captain Brendon McCullum said last week Ryder needed to show form on the field and a willingness to play by the team’s rules off it before being considered for the top team again, something Ryder said he was willing to do.
“The passion’s still there to make the team,” Ryder told reporters in Hamilton on Friday. “If I didn’t I wouldn’t be in the ‘A’ team so it’s definitely something I want.
“It’s just a stepping stone isn’t it? Hopefully it’s a good one for me.
“I’ll go over there and just do what I need to do to show that I’m still keen to be a part of it.
“It’s just about slowly getting back involved and stuff like that – and obviously this is the first stepping stone towards it.”
Ryder, who had a successful limited overs county season in England earlier this year, said his fitness was not up to the standard he had hoped but that was something else he would work on before the team leaves for Dubai.
While Ryder’s selection had indicated he was still in contention for coach Mike Hesson’s World Cup squad, New Zealand chairman of selectors Bruce Edgar reiterated what McCullum had said earlier.
“I’d remind people that, at this point, Jesse has been selected for NZ ‘A’, nothing more; nothing less,” Edgar said in a statement.
“It’s an important step for Jesse but it is only a first step and we’re anxious not to get ahead of ourselves.
“Like everyone else in the squad, his future prospects will depend on his performance, on and off the field, in Dubai.”
FRINGE PLAYERS
Ryder’s inclusion in the squad, however, indicated Hesson is concerned at the make-up of his top order ahead of the World Cup with regular opener Martin Guptill struggling against the pace of South Africa’s bowlers in a one-day series last week.
All-rounder Jimmy Neesham was promoted to open with Guptill in what was seen as a trial of his temperament at the top of the order and he displayed some positive indicators but also struggled against the Proteas.
Edgar said the ‘A’ tour was the opportunity for several fringe World Cup players to press their claims for the final squad.
“The squad for CWC 2015 is named on 8 January, so we want to ensure every player in contention is given a chance on the international stage,” Edgar added.
“We need to know we’ve left continued…

TV serial Ek Veer Ki ArdaasVeera completes twoyearsThe show, about sibling love, started with child actors Bhavesh Balchandani and Harshita Ojha playing Ranvi and Veera respectively. After a leap last year, actors Shivin Narang and Digangana Suryavanshi stepped into their shoes.
By: Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai | Posted: October 31, 2014 9:41 am
Popular TV show “Ek Veer Ki Ardaas…Veera” has managed to hook audiences for two years. The cast and crew celebrated the show’s success with a small cake cutting on the set.
The show, about sibling love, started with child actors Bhavesh Balchandani and Harshita Ojha playing Ranvi and Veera respectively. After a leap last year, actors Shivin Narang and Digangana Suryavanshi stepped into their shoes.
They are happy that the story and their performances have been been received well.
“It feels amazing that the show has completed two years now. The show started with the kids who did fabulously well and received so much love and appreciation from the audiences. It was a huge task for me to be able to fill in the shoes of Bhavesh Balchandani,” Shivin said in a statement.
“I am thankful to my fans and audiences who have showered their love; accepted me as Ranvi and made me a part of their daily life. I will continue to give my best and hope that the show crosses many such milestones in the future as well,” he added.
Digangana considers the show to be a life-changing experience for her.
“’…Veera’ has been a wonderful experience in my life. The show has given me all that I could have ever asked for. The audiences and fans have given me so much love and I am honoured to be a part of the show.
“I hope the show continues to win more hearts and reaches greater heights. I also want to thank Star Plus for giving me such an opportunity and letting me play a character like Veera,” she added.
The show airs every Monday to Saturday on Star Plus.

Samsung unveils two new handsets for Chinese...The Galaxy A3 and A5 will be Samsung's first devices to feature fully metal bodies and its thinnest smartphones to date.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SEOUL: Samsung Electronics Co Ltd unveiled two new mid-tier handsets with a premium design as it prepared to deliver a riposte to its low-priced Chinese rivals and reclaim its title as the top brand in the world's biggest smartphone market.
The Galaxy A3 and A5 will be Samsung's first devices to feature fully metal bodies and its thinnest smartphones to date. In size, they are comparable to those of the top-of-the-line Galaxy S5, though of lesser screen resolution quality.
Samsung said on Friday that it will start selling the Galaxy A3 and A5 in China sometime in November. It classified them as mid-tier, and said they will be launched in other "select markets", without disclosing the pricing.
The announcement, combined with hopes for an earnings recovery and bigger dividends, pushed Samsung's shares to a two-month high in Seoul in midday trade on Friday.
The news comes a day after Samsung reported its worst quarterly operating profit in more than three years. Earnings from its handset division slumped 73.9 percent from a year earlier.
The company said its responses to "rapid shifts in the competitive landscape" were not quick enough. It vowed to revamp its offerings.
"For our mid to low-end smartphones we will enhance product competitiveness by differentiating our displays and materials as well as upgrading camera functionality," Senior Vice President Kim Hyun-joon told analysts on Thursday.
The world's smartphone leader is regrouping as it lost market share in annual terms for the third straight quarter in July-September, according to Strategy Analytics.
It has been beaten by Apple Inc's iPhones in the premium segment and undercut by Chinese rivals like Lenovo Group Ltd and Xiaomi Inc at the bottom end.
Samsung will likely accept lower margins going forward to preserve market share and growth volume, analysts said. But most do not expect a firm recovery until mid-2015 at the earliest.
"A lineup change is a costly process, just like re-doing your home interior design," said KTB Investment analyst Jin Sung-hye.

Apple CEO Tim Cook says he is  proud to be gayprint
Apple CEO Tim Cook on Thursday confirmed he is gay saying many of his colleagues have known this for a long time, but he felt it was time to go public.
“While I have never denied my sexuality, I haven’t publicly acknowledged it either, until now,” Cook wrote in an oped in Business Week. “So let me be clear: I’m proud to be gay, and I consider being gay among the greatest gifts God has given me.”
Cook’s sexual orientation has long been a subject of media speculation with Out magazine naming him to its 2013 list of the most powerful LGBT Americans — he was ranked No. 1.
Under his leadership, Apple supported workplace equality bill in US congress, backed marriage equality in California and opposed an Arizona state bill that targeted gays.
But, as Cook, 53, wrote, he never acknowledged his sexual orientation until now, which made him the most prominent gay business executive, heading a $603 billion company.
The admission comes close on the heels of a highly successful launch of iPhones 6 and 6+, unrolling of Apple Pay and the announcement of Apple Watch, the first Cook-era device.
But he doesn’t explain the timing. He merely said, contextualizing it, “if hearing that the CEO of Apple is gay can help someone struggling to come to terms with who he or she is, or bring comfort to anyone who feels alone, or inspire people to insist on their equality, then it’s worth the trade-off with my own privacy”.
And it wasn’t easy coming out. “I’ll admit that this wasn’t an easy choice. Privacy remains important to me, and I’d like to hold on to a small amount of it.”
Being gay, he wrote, has helped him understand better challenges that people in minority groups face every day.
“It’s been tough and uncomfortable at times, but it has given me the confidence to be myself, to follow my own path, and to rise above adversity and bigotry.”
It has also “given me the skin of a rhinoceros, which comes in handy when you’re the CEO of Apple.”

Run for Unity: PM Modi finds place for Indira Gandhi as he lauds Sardar PatelComments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday invoked Prime Minister Indira Gandhi on her martyrdom day but also raked up the 1984 anti-Sikh riots after her death.
Flagging of the 'Run for Unity' to commemorate Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel's birth anniversary Delhi's Vijay Chowk on Friday, the PM rued, "It was unfortunate that 30 years ago, on the birthday of a man who devoted his life for the unity of the country, a terrible incident happened that gravely injured the nation's unity," referring to the riots.
"Our own people were killed. The incident was not a wound on the throat of any community but a knife, a dagger on India's century-old great social fabric," Modi continued, taking an indirect dig at the Congress.
Neither Modi nor any National Democratic Alliance minister went to Gandhi’s memorial at Shakti Sthal, where many Congress leaders, including party chief Sonia Gandhi and former prime minister Manmohan Singh, paid their respects.
Congress leaders accused Modi of disrespecting the late prime minister . “Disgraceful that Govt is ignoring the martyrdom of our only Prime Minister who was killed in office in the line of duty,” tweeted Shashi Tharoor.
Former UPA minister Anand Sharma said, “She was the leader of this country who was martyred in office. This pitting of leaders against one another is in bad taste.”.
PM Modi flags off the 'Run for Unity' at Rajpath in New Delhi on Friday. (Vipin Kumar/HT Photo)
Earlier, in his speech on Friday, Modi mentioned, "Aaj Shrimati Indira Gandhi ka punya tithi hai (Today, it is Shrimati Indira Gandhi's death anniversary)", even as he devoted the maximum time of his speech to Patel's legacy.
In his welcome speech, urban development minister M Venkaiah Naidu had made it clear the event was "not to undermine any other leader but only to do justice to Sardar Patel". Naidu also mentioned that since childhood he believed that history has done injustice to Sardar Patel.
Showering effusive praise on Patel, Modi said, "Just as Ramakrishna Paramhansa remains incomplete without Swami Vivekananda, Mahatma Gandhi's legacy cannot be fully written without Sardar Patel's contribution."
He mentioned how Patel had organised Mahatma Gandhi's Dandi March in 1930.
PM Modi takes part in the 'Run for Unity' at Rajpath in New Delhi on Friday. (Vipin Kumar/HT Photo)
The PM said Patel tried to unify the country and thwarted the British ploy to divide India into several pieces. "History remembers Chanakya for his efforts towards development of provinces by unifying them, similarly Sardar Patel's aim too was development through unity."
 
"Patel has given us Ek Bharat (united India). It is now our duty to make it Shresth Bharat (Best India)."

Dhoom-2 style bank heist accused found dead in SonipatComments
Haryana police claim to have cracked a bank robbery case in Sonipat with the arrest of three persons, allegedly involved in the heist.
Police recovered the body of Mahipal— the alleged accused in the case and the owner of the house under which the tunnel had been dug— from a secluded stretch of the Gohana-Panipat road on Thursday afternoon.
Mahipal is suspected to have committed suicide by consuming some poisonous substance, police said. His body has been sent for autopsy.
Police arrested three other accused in the case and recovered around 23 kg looted gold, silver ornaments and cash from them, said state director general of police SN Vashishth.
The accused, who have been identified Surinder, Balraj and Satish were arrested from Katwal village on Thursday, he said.
Police are conducting more raids to arrest others allegedly involved in the robbery, he added.
Robbers dug a 125-feet long tunnel to enter the locker room of a Punjab National Bank branch in Gohana on Sunday night and decamped with valuables worth crores of rupees.
A police man investigates the tunnel dug up by the robbers in Gohana bank heist, in Sonipat on Thursday. (HT Photo)
The heist, which came to light Monday, had shaken the state police and the newly-inducted BJP government in the state.
Sources in the police team, which cracked the case, said police got a specific lead after the DGP announced a reward of Rs. 10 lakh on Monday.
After questioning bank officials and known criminals in the area, police zeroed in on the accused by tapping their mobile phones, they said.

Why Titan Shares Slump 7% TodayYou are here: Home Market
Titan Shares Slump 7% After Earnings
Reuters | Updated On: October 31, 2014 10:54 (IST)
IVRCL Allots First Tranche of Shares to CDR Lenders
Shares in watches and jewellery maker Titan Company slumped as much as 7.4 per cent on Friday, heading towards its biggest single-day fall since September 2013 as its July-September earnings lagged some estimates.
Its profit rose 28.6 per cent to Rs 240 crore and sales rose by 55.7 percent to Rs 3,565 crore.( Read full copy )
Strong sales growth driven by one-off jewellery sales led by the foreclosure of advance purchase schemes, says analysts.
As of 10.11 a.m. Titan shares traded 5 per cent lower at Rs 398.75 apiece underperforming the Nifty which was up 0.8 per cent.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Build on Patel s legacy  exhorts ModiBuild on Patel s legacy  exhorts Modi
Rupee rebounds to 61.37 on sustained capital inflows  strong equity marketRupee trading weak at 61.41
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 31:  
The rupee was trading a tad weak at 61.41 against the dollar at 4.03 p.m. local time due to dollar's firmness against other currencies overseas.
Increased selling of the American currency by banks and exporters amid sustained foreign capital inflows following a slew of reforms announced by the government supported the rupee but the dollar’s firmness against other currencies overseas capped the gains, dealers said.
After opening strong by eight paise at 61.37 in early trade, the domestic unit hovered in the range of 61.33 and 61.43 in the afternoon trade.
The rupee depreciated by 10 paise to close at a two-week low of 61.45 against the greenback yesterday after the US Federal Reserve kept in place its plans to maintain record low interest rate for some more time.
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

Sirois is Executive Chairman  OnMobile GlobalSirois is Executive Chairman, OnMobile Global
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 31:  
OnMobile Global has informed the BSE that its board of directors on October 30 had approved the appointment of Francois Charles Sirois as Executive Chairman of the company with effect from November 1, 2014.
The appointment is subject to government and shareholders' approval, the company said.
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

Sonakshi  Ajay have dance ke Keeda in Action JacksonsongPenned by Shabbir Ahmed, 'Keeda' has been composed and sung by Himesh Reshammiya and Niti Mohan.
Written by Sunitra Pacheco , Edited by Sarika Sharma | Mumbai | Posted: October 31, 2014 10:25 am
Upcoming film, ‘Action Jackson’ is finally out with its first track, ‘Keeda’ featuring lead stars Ajay Devgn and Sonkashi Sinha.
The groovy song has both actors doing some impressive dance steps a la Prabhu Dheva style. The song also seems to be a tribute to the King of Rock n Roll, Elvis Presley.
Penned by Shabbir Ahmed, ‘Keeda’ has been composed and sung by Himesh Reshammiya and Niti Mohan. The music director has successfully delivered a number of Bollywood hits like ‘O Huzoor’ and ‘Aashiq Banaya Aapne’ that were favourites with his beloved fans.
Shot in an exotic locations, ‘Keeda’ will surely have your feet tapping as both Sonakshi and Ajay show off their antics. The Sinha girl looks fabulous as she flaunts her slim and trim figure.
Directed by choreographer Prabhu Dheva, ‘Action Jackson’ is a comedy film that also stars Yami Gautam, Kunal Roy Kapur and Sonu Sood among others. The flick is slated to hit theatres on December 5, 2014.

Googles Project Ara: Are you ready for the hardware version ofAndroidMarket pilot of modular phone in 2015, but we could be a couple of years away from buying it. (Source: Google)
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | Posted: October 31, 2014 10:15 am | Updated: November 1, 2014 10:34 am
What if you could decide the power of the processor, resolution of the display and sensor of the camera every time you picked up your smartphone to leave home? It might sound like science fiction, but this is exactly what Google is working on at the moment. In fact, its Project Ara aims to bring in a modular smartphone that can be changed according to the user’s character and preferences.
While IndianExpress.com got a sneak peak into the prototypes, the market pilot is expected to be available in 2015. Paul Eremenko, who developed the project and leads it now, sums up the concept as the “hardware version of Android”. “Our stated objective around Project Ara is to democratise the hardware ecosystem around mobile. We want to drastically lower the barrier of entry for developers,” he added in a video chat earlier this week. “We decided to go ahead with Project Ara because we felt that finally we were at a point where the overhead penalty of making something modular could be made small enough that it would be acceptable to the consumer.”
Paul Eremenko showing a prototype and a camera module during a Google Hangout session with IndianExpress.com
At the core of Project Ara is the endoskelton, or the frame, on which the modules will go. Google want to produce these for around $50 and spawn and “app level of innovation” with the modules. The idea is to let developers market the modules directly to consumers, maybe through the Google Play store. This means once you buy the endoskelton, you can go to the store and buy any module you want. There will be three frame sizes to choose from, the mini, medium and jumbo and the smallest of them will have slots for 10 modules.
The possibilities are endless. For instance, you could buy a jumbo frame and use only half of it for the screen, the rest could be the keyboard. If on a long trip, you could drop a lot of other modules and replace them with battery modules so that you don’t run out of power.
While it seems as simple as building blocks, Project Ara will actually be ushering in cutting edge technology into your hands. “This is the first initiation of a network on device concept in the mobile form factor,” explains Eremenko, adding that any modules can draw or supply power and also be a power storage device at the same time. While the modules will transmit data and power using inductive contactless coupling, they will have electropermanent magnets that connect them to the frame. Simply put, the design won’t have any connectors and users will be able to hot swap any module.
Eremenko thinks the biggest impact will come when people will be able to manage continued…

LIVE: Devendra Fadnavis to become first BJP chief minister of Maharashtratoday— SMITA NAIR (@smitagnair) October 31, 2014
#rakhisawant tries to sneak into Wankhede wearing a BJP cap. Turned away by #mumbaipolice #maharashtracm @iyerkavi @IndianExpress
— SMITA NAIR (@smitagnair) October 31, 2014
@Dev_Fadnavis wife Amruta and  daughter Divija leave for the swearing in ceremony from The Hotel @IndianExpress pic.twitter.com/cOjlYWYClo
— Neeraj Priyadarshi (@neerajexpress) October 31, 2014
#ShivSenaturnaround Amit Shah, Fadnavis and Arun Jaitley called Uddhav, convinced him to attend today's swearing-in function @IndianExpress
— Kavitha Iyer (@iyerkavi) October 31, 2014
#Fadnavis swearing-in not just govt event: BJP looks to erase Gujarati tag, Marathi Baana performance underway at #Wankhede @IndianExpress
— Kavitha Iyer (@iyerkavi) October 31, 2014
# “We have decided to attend the swearing in ceremony. We received calls from the BJP leadership and we do not want to play spoilers during this historic occasion,” a senior Shiv Sena leader said.
# “If we are being humiliated what is the point of going to the swearing in ceremony. The humiliation meted out by the BJP has not gone down well with our MLAs,” Senior Shiv Sena leader and Member of Parliament Vinayak Raut said.
#Maha Cabinet members: Fadnavis, Tawde, Mungantiwar, Khadse, Prakash Mehta, Vishna Sawra, Chandrakant Patil, Pankaja Munde. @IndianExpress
— Kavitha Iyer (@iyerkavi) October 31, 2014
#Maharashtra Cabinet will have 8 ministers and two ministers of state, Dilip Kamble and VIdya Thakur. @IndianExpress
— Kavitha Iyer (@iyerkavi) October 31, 2014
@Dev_Fadnavis 's #twitter profile declares him Chief Minister of #Maharashtra before the swearing-in scheduled today evening @IndianExpress
— Aamir Khan (@aamirkhan_1987) October 31, 2014
The swearing-in is a star-studded one, with Prime Minister Narendra Modi as the star attraction. He was seated on a special dais erected on the left of the main dais.
Chairs being laid for the ceremony, which will also be attended by PM Narendra Modi. (Source: Express Photo By Pradip Das)
READ: Modi to be star of grand swearing-in
At the precise moment he took stage to take the oath, the pixels on the mammoth 150-ft wide LED display in the backdrop came together to form the image of Chhatrapati Shivaji at the state’s Raigad fort.
Giving a touch of glamour to the event, BJP has sent invites to the who’s who in Bollywood.

BSE Sensex hits new record high  NSE Nifty above 8200 for firsttimeOn Thursday, Sensex surged about 248 points to end at new peak of 27,346.33, extending gains for the third day.
By: Reuters | Mumbai | Posted: October 31, 2014 9:44 am | Updated: October 31, 2014 4:11 pm
BSE Sensex surged nearly 2 percent on Friday to a record high for the second consecutive day after Bank of Japan’s surprise expansion of its massive stimulus programme raised hopes for additional foreign inflows, boosting blue-chips such as Larsen and Toubro.
The 30-share BSE index rose as much as 2 percent to an all-time high of 27,894.32, while the NSE index gained as much as 1.98 percent to mark a record high of 8,330.70, surpassing their previous highs hit on Thursday.
Larsen & Toubro surged 3.6 percent, while Housing Development Finance Corp rose 4.1 percent.
Both the indexes are also heading towards their eighth month of gains in nine.
 

Turning young: Dabur Chyawanprash in biscuits & bars | No cheap chicken legs from US for nowYou are here: Home > Collections > Emami
Dabur Chyawanprash to be launched in biscuits and bars variants to attract young customers
Ratna Bhushan, ET Bureau Oct 31, 2014, 11.11AM IST
Tags:
Biscuit
(abur will soon roll out Chyawanprash…)
NEW DELHI: Dabur will soon roll out Chyawanprash in biscuit and snack bar variants as part of its bid to make the 'traditional' brand appealing to young consumers and make the 130-year-old company 'future ready'.
KK Chutani, chief marketing officer and executive director for consumer care business at Dabur, said the company plans to modernise its over half-a-century-old brand Dabur Chyawanprash, along with other brands in its portfolio such as Hajmola digestive candy and Pudin Hara.
While biscuits is an over Rs 10,000-crore category with Parle and Britannia leading it, snack bars as a category has not yet picked up in the country. Dabur dominates theRs 550-crore chyawanprash category with close to 65% share followed by Emami. While the category has been growing 10%-12% a year, with its brown sticky appearance, chyawanprash has a non-contemporary feel.
Dabur and Emami have always been trying to make it more appealing to consumers. Between the two brands, some of the biggest names in the entertainment and sports world, including Shah Rukh Khan, Madhuri Dixit and MS Dhoni, have endorsed chyawanprash.
While Dixit is currently the face of Dabur Chyawanprash, the company has roped in Anil Kapoor to endorse a soon-to-be launched premium variant, which offers to boost 'stamina and vitality'. Hence the choice of roping in the 50-plus Kapoor.
FEATURED ARTICLES

@ new life high! Sensex surges over 300 points; top 10 stocks in focusYou are here: Home > Collections
Sensex, Nifty hit fresh record high; top ten stocks in focus
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 31, 2014, 12.10PM IST
("Traders are advised to…)
NEW DELHI: Both Sensex and Nifty rose over 1 per cent each to their fresh respective record highs in trade on Friday, tracking positive trade seen in other Asian markets.
The BSE Sensex rose as much as 400 points to hit its fresh record high of 27,759.01. And, the 50-share Nifty index also rose over 100 points to hit its fresh lifetime high of 8,291.65.
At 12:05 p.m.; the 30-share index was at 27,738.27, up 391 points or 1.43 per cent. It touched a high of 27,759.01 and a low of 27,438.28 in early trade.
The Nifty was at 8286.50, up 117.25 points or 1.44 per cent. It touched a high of 8,291.65 and a low of 8,198.05 in early trade.
"As the Nifty has scaled above 8100 mark decisively, we expect this positivity to extend further in days to come," says Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities Limited.
"And, traders are advised to give preference to banking, metal and select midcap counters for fresh buying," he adds.
Here is a list of ten stocks which are in focus today:
Bharti Airtel Ltd: Bharti Airtel Ltd, India's top telecommunications carrier, reported a more than doubling of quarterly profit, beating street estimates, on higher voice call prices and rapid growth in mobile data usage.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1 per cent lower at Rs 403.50.
CEAT: Tyre maker Ceat reported 7.57 per cent increase in consolidated net profit to Rs 82.35 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2014.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.6 per cent lower at Rs 881.
Ajanta Pharma Ltd: Drug firm Ajanta Pharma reported a 40.88 per cent increase in its standalone net profit to Rs 78.63 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2014, mainly on account of robust exports.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.4 per cent higher at Rs 1920.
Thermax Ltd: Energy and environment solutions provider Thermax said it has bagged a contract worth Rs 321 crore for setting up a captive power plant in Africa.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 4 per cent higher at Rs 920.
Tata Motors Ltd: The Queen has today officially opened Jaguar Land Rover's new £500 million engine manufacturing facility in Wolverhampton, said media reports.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.4 per cent higher at Rs 528.
HCC Ltd: Hindustan Construction Company (HCC) reported a 78 per cent drop in its second quarter net profit at Rs 6.8 crore versus Rs 31.6 crore, in a year ago period.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 3.7 per cent higher at Rs 30.75.
Adani Power Ltd: The Competition Commission of India (CCI) has cleared Adani Power's proposed deal with Lanco Infratech to buy latter's 1,200-MW imported coal-fired power plant at Udupi in Karnataka for more than Rs 6,000 crore, marking the biggest acquisition in India's thermal power industry.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 3.6 per cent higher at Rs 47.40.
Manappuram Finance Ltd: Kerala-based gold loan financier Manappuram Finance Ltd on Thursday said it has signed a non-binding agreement to acquire a majority stake in Asirvad Microfinance Pvt. Ltd (AMPL), said media reports.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 2.1 per cent higher at Rs 32.90.
DLF Ltd: The Securities Appellate Tribunal (SAT) has directed real estate developer DLF to file an affidavit by November 3 stating the purpose for which it intends to use money that has been parked in mutual funds and the amount it requires for running the company till the end of this calendar year.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.4 per cent lower at Rs 123.30.
IDFC: IDFC was up on buying action after getting approval from board members to demerge its financial undertaking into a wholly owned step down subsidiary IDFC Bank, the company said in a filing to stock exchanges.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 3 per cent higher at Rs 153.30.
FEATURED ARTICLES

IDFC up 3%; demerges financial unit into bankYou are here: Home > Collections > Demerger
IDFC demerges financial unit into bank; stock gains
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 31, 2014, 04.18PM IST
Tags:
Bank
(IDFC Bank will issue one…)
MUMBAI: IDFC was up on buying action after getting approval from board members to demerge its financial undertaking into a wholly owned step down subsidiary IDFC Bank, the company said in a filing to stock exchanges.
IDFC Bank will issue one equity share of Rs 10 each for every one share of Rs 10 each held in IDFC as a consideration for the demerger of financial undertaking.
On the completion of the demerger, equity share capital of IDFC Bank will be held approximately 53 per cent by IDFC Financial Holding, a 100 per cent subsidiary of IDFC and approximately 47 per cent by the shareholders of IDFC.
The stock ended day at Rs 156.30, up 5.11 per cent, on the BSE. It touched a high of Rs 157.50 and a low of Rs 149.25 in trade today.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India could soon see sovereign rating upgradeIndia could soon see a sovereign rating upgrade, says Moody’s
ET Bureau Oct 31, 2014, 01.54AM IST
Tags:
Baa3
( Global rival Standard…)
MUMBAI: Ratings firm Moody's has reversed its India outlook, saying it may upgrade the country's sovereign rating if inflation stays under control in the long term and the recent measures to boost growth and attract investments are implemented properly.
"We would revisit our assessment of India's institutional strength if its inflation metrics, investment climate, and policy predictability and transparency were to show sustained improvement," Moody's Investor Service said in a report released on Thursday. It marks an about-turn in Moody's outlook on India. In its previous report in August, the ratings firm had said recurrent inflationary pressures had constrained India's sovereign rating as they keep domestic capital costs high, erode domestic purchasing power and savings, and lower its international competitiveness.
Currently India is rated Baa3 by Moody's, the lowest notch investment grade, with a stable outlook. Global rival Standard and Poor's (S&P), which too has put India in the lowest notch of investment grade, too, had revised India's sovereign outlook from negative to stable a month ago on September 27. The Moody's report on Thursday welcomed some recent measures announced by the government and the Reserve Bank of India to facilitate economic growth, boost the efficiency of the banking system, and attract long-term investment.
"If implemented, these initiatives will enhance the sovereign's credit profile, as they will support sustained GDP growth at higher levels, mitigate fiscal, financial and balance of payments risks, and demonstrate increased institutional capacity," it said. These measures include efforts to attract overseas investment, infrastructure development initiatives, improvements to the monetary policy framework offering clarity on inflation targets, banking sector reforms, and the promotion of the government's new scheme for financial inclusion, among others.
Moody's said these initiatives are incremental rather than radical and it may take several quarters before their impact is visible in growth. But, together, several initiatives are likely to raise GDP growth by improving India's investment climate, allowing the economy to reap the benefits of lower commodity prices, and international financial flows seeking real investment assets, it said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

IT stocks on a high: Infosys tops 4 000  hits life high thanks to a recovering US economyYou are here: Home > Collections > Infosys
IT stocks on a roll; Infosys tops 4000 levels, hits fresh lifetime high
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 31, 2014, 11.53AM IST
(The US economy grew at a solid…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE IT index has been on an uptrend in the past week on increased optimism that the U.S. economy is showing signs of recovery. The rally in the index was led by gains in Infosys, TCS, Wipro, and HCL Technologies.
The US economy grew at a solid annual rate of 3.5 per cent in the July-September quarter. The economy shrank at a 2.1 per cent rate in the first three months of the year due to a harsh winter.
"If you look at it over the last several months, there have been just four or five sectors which have been significant contributors as far as markets are concerned," says Nipun Mehta of Blue Ocean Capital Advisors.
"These are IT, pharma, autos, private banks, and to some extent oil and gas. Our sense is these are the five sectors which will again, going forward, continue to contribute to the up move," he added.
Infosys rose to fresh lifetime high, above level of Rs 4,000. The stock rose as much as 1.8 per cent to hit its fresh lifetime high of Rs 4,019.95. The stock has rallied over 10 per cent post Q2 results.
At 09:50 a.m.; BSE IT index was trading 1.4 per cent higher at 10644, as compared to 0.8 per cent rally seen in the BSE Sensex.
Infosys was trading 1.5 per cent higher at Rs 4006.95. It hit a low of Rs 3973.05 and a lifetime high of Rs 4019.95 in trade today.
Tata Consultancy Services was trading 1.4 per cent higher at Rs 2593 and HCL Technologies was trading 2.3 per cent higher at Rs 1614.25.
OFSS was trading 1.7 per cent higher at Rs 3385 and Tech Mahindra was up 1.5 per cent to Rs 2519.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Adani Power up over 4% on power plant nod from CCIAdani Power gets Competition Commission of India nod to buy power plant;stock gains
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 31, 2014, 10.05AM IST
Tags:
Adani Power
(At 09:16 a.m.; the stock…)
MUMBAI: Shares of of Adani Power gained momentum in trade after the Competition Commission of India (CCI) allowed it to buy Lanco Infratech's 1,200-MW imported coal-fired power plant at Udupi in Karnataka for more than Rs 6,000 crore.
It will be the biggest acquisition in India's thermal power industry.
"Post the combination, the combined market share of Adani, both in terms of installed capacity and electricity generation, would not be significant enough to raise any competition concern. The proposed combination is not likely to have any appreciable adverse effect on competition in India," the CCI observed while clearing the deal.
The stock ended day at Rs 47.90, up 4.70 per cent, on the BSE. It touched a high of Rs 48.20 and a low of Rs 46.45 in early trade.
FEATURED ARTICLES

22 injured as car crashes into bus stop in KochiUpdated: October 31, 2014 13:02 IST
22 injured as car crashes into bus stop in Kochi
Nidhi Surendranath
Tweet
Victims include 17 schoolchildren and 8-month-old infant
Twenty-two people, including 17 schoolchildren and an eight-month-old infant, were hit by a car at Karukutty junction near Angamaly here on Thursday evening.
Those injured were waiting at the bus stop around 4.30 p.m. when the accident occurred. The children, students between Classes VIII and X of the St. Joseph’s High School at Angamaly, were waiting for a bus after school. They were standing at the bus stop along the median between the service road and main road when the accident occurred.
The Hyundai Accent car involved in the accident was moving in the direction from Angamaly to Thrissur.
“The car was about to hit a motorbike and swerved to the left to avoid the vehicle. Due to the speed at which the car was travelling, it went on top of the median and hit the children waiting for the bus before it came to a halt. It also rammed the motorbike it was trying to avoid,” said Angamaly circle inspector of police D. Radhakrishna Pillai. He said the driver of the vehicle immediately ran away from the spot.
The injured were immediately taken to a private hospital at Angamaly.
The students of St. Joseph’s High School injured in the accident were Sethulakshmi, 15, Ansa Antony, 14, Sania Scaria, 14, Jasmine James, 15, Manjusha Jayan, 14, Amrutha, 14, Akhila, 15, Aisha Merin Davis, 15, Shyji Shaju, 15, Rose Maria, 14, Maria Cherian, 14, Sonu Benny, 15, Limia Martin, 15, Subramanian, 15, Judy Raju, 14, Ann Maira, 14, and Merlin Sebastian, 13. Akhila was later moved to a private hospital in Kochi as she suffered serious injuries, including a fractured pelvis.
Among the injured were Shiji Joseph, 31, if Chulli House, Karukutty and her eight-month-old daughter Angel Joseph. Hospital officials said that a CT scan of the infant showed no major injuries. Asha Shaji, 44, of Chelappilly House, Mambara, was hospitalised with injuries. Hospital officials said she was a teacher at the SCMS School of Engineering and Technology and was at the bus stop after classes on Thursday. The driver of the motorbike Shaju, 45, of Alukka House, Kariyamparamambu, and a person named Joby, 42, of Painadath, Karukutty were injured in the accident.
An irate crowd soon gathered at the spot and blocked the road off following the accident. A large police force, including senior police officers, arrived at the spot to calm down the crowd and clear the route for traffic.

World Bank Rattles Staff With Plan To Cut 500 JobsWorld Bank Rattles Staff With Plan To Cut 500 Jobs
Oil & Gas Round Up - October 27 to 31  2014Oil & Gas Round Up - October 27 to 31  2014
GLOBAL MARKETS-Japan shares soar  yen skids after BOJ stuns with more easing stepsGLOBAL MARKETS-Japan shares soar  yen skids after BOJ stuns with more easing steps
IDFC demerges financial unit into bank; stock gainsIDFC demerges financial unit into bank; stock gains
Black money details shared under tax treaty can t be shared even with courts: Swiss governmentBlack money details shared under tax treaty can t be shared even with courts: Swiss government
Harley-Davidson launches three new bikes in India  prices start at Rs 16.28 lakhHarley-Davidson launches three new bikes in India  prices start at Rs 16.28 lakh
Will the impending price hike of CNG rattle Mumbai`s public transport scenePlatinum Member
48 Followers
On date the city`s public is living with `x` amount of rattlers & rattles that, one more will not hurt.The general public have given up on the governance & the political system.
10.21 AM Oct 31st

Buy 162 164 166 168 s/l 160Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Kya haal he buyer logo ka//Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

It is getting stronger day by day... hold your stocks and sit tight......Platinum Member
11125 Followers
There has been a block deal of 478680 shares in Power Grid Corp at Rs 144.50 per share, valued at Rs 6.92 crore on NSE today.
10.40 AM Oct 31st

Tanla covers most of telcos of india except reliance and bsnl.Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Sensex hits new record-high of 27 645 on heavy FII inflowsSensex zooms 519 points to new record-high of 27,866; Nifty jumps 153 points
Our Bureau/Agencies
Continued buying by foreign funds as well as retail investors, triggered by a series of economic reforms undertaken by the Narendra Modi-led government and strong earnings by blue-chip companies, lifted the key indices to new highs.
Economic reforms, healthy corporate earnings drive the market rally
Mumbai, Oct 31:  
The Sensex and the Nifty touched new record-highs of 27,865.83 and 8,322.20, respectively on sustained fund inflows, driven by a slew of economic reforms announced by the government amid optimism over strong corporate earnings.
The 30-share BSE index Sensex soared 519.50 points or 1.9 per cent at 27,865.83 and the 50-share NSE index Nifty jumped 153 points or 1.87 per cent at 8,322.20.
Brokers said continued buying by foreign funds as well as retail investors, triggered by a series of economic reforms undertaken by the Narendra Modi-led government and strong earnings by blue-chip companies, drove the market rally.
Barring consumer durables, all other BSE sectoral indices ended significantly in the green. Among them, capital goods index gained the most by 2.66 per cent, followed by India infrastructure index 2.38 per cent, oil & gas 2.19 per cent and PSU 2.08 per cent. Only consumer durables index was down 3.18 per cent.
GAIL, Tata Power, HDFC, L&T and Tata Steel were the top five gainers among 30-share Sensex constituents, while Bharti Airtel was the only loser.
Global market
World shares jumped and the yen fell to a seven-year low against the dollar on Friday as the Bank of Japan surprised financial markets by significantly expanding its massive stimulus programme.
In a rare split decision, the BoJ’s board voted 5-4 to accelerate the purchases of Japanese government bonds so that its holdings increase at an annual pace of ¥80 trillion ($725 billion), up by ¥30 trillion.
The central bank also said that it would triple its purchase of exchange-traded funds and real-estate investment trusts (REITs), while sources said the government’s huge pension fund would more than double its holdings of domestic stocks.
For investors, the timing of the moves sent a strong signal, coming right as six years of aggressive US stimulus come to an end and just before the euro zone inflation data that is likely to keep the pressure on the European Central Bank to further ease its policy.
Tokyo’s Nikkei share index jumped almost 5 per cent in its biggest rise since June last year following the BoJ’s move, which it said was a pre-emptive strike at “a critical moment in the effort to break free from the deflationary mindset’’ in Japan.
European stocks opened up 1 per cent and US futures prices pointed to similar gains when trading resumes in New York. Stocks were lifted on Thursday by strong third quarter US GDP data and another round of upbeat earnings.
At 0900 GMT, the FTSEurofirst 300 index of top European shares was up 1.3 per cent at 1,344.18 points, extending a sharp two-week rally, while southern European government bonds also made ground.
Euro zone flash inflation data due at 1000 GMT will provide the next indicator of whether the ECB might feel compelled to step up its support for the bloc's beleaguered economy.
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

Shiv Sena speaks of humiliation by BJP  not to attend swearing-inE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Japan to expand monetary easing programme© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a8706cfe-60bc-11e4-894b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Japan stock investors demand yen weaknessJapan stock investors demand yen weakness
Jamie Chisholm
BoJ inaction likely to give Tokyo equities year-end boost
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5dab53d8-600c-11e4-98e6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Abe has no easy fix for Japans economic woesAbe has no easy fix for Japan’s economic woes
A weakening economy raises doubts about the efficacy of Abenomics
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/344fa260-584a-11e4-a31b-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Reverse mortgage: Safe source of income post retirementStory
Reverse mortgage: A good option
Reverse mortgage helps senior citizens meet their financial needs without parting with their savings, which is the house.
Homi Mistry        Edition: October 2014
(Photo: Reuters)
A comfortable life after retirement  is the least that hard-working individuals deserve, but the reality can be stark and difficult for most. It is common to see senior citizens financially impacted by the nuclear family system, the ever-increasing cost of living, insufficient regular income, lack of financial support from children, medical contingencies, etc. More often than not, retirees think they have saved enough only to see the corpus erode in a few years. Then, there is the risk of investing in risky assets like equity, which can often have calamitous effect on their savings. What the retirees need in such cases is a safe and assured source of income without losing out on their savings.
This is where reverse mortgage helps senior citizens meet their financial needs without parting with their house. The system is the exact opposite of home loan: it enables a senior citizen to receive a regular stream of income from a lender (bank or other approved financial institution) against the mortgage of his/her home. The loan amount is arrived at after considering various parameters such as the market value & life of the property, age of the borrower(s), etc. The loan amount is paid in either lump sum or periodical payments (including option of annuity payment).
The maximum tenure of mortgage under the reverse mortgage scheme is 20 years. Nevertheless, if the borrower outlives the tenure of the loan, he can continue to stay in the house. However, they will not receive any periodic payments after 20 years unless they choose the annuity payment option. Further, if one the spouses dies, the other can continue to live in the house. The settlement of loan will take place when both husband and wife die.
The other advantage of reverse mortgage is there are no repayments involved. Senior citizens are not required to repay the loan along with interest. It is also a tax-friendly scheme. The lump sum or periodic amount/annuity received under the reverse mortgage is considered as a loan and not income for tax purpose. Further, capital gains tax will be attracted only when the property that is mortgaged is sold to repay the loan.
The lender recovers the amount by disposing of the mortgaged property after giving an option to legal heirs of the deceased borrowers to release the said property after settling the loan. In case the property is sold by the lender, any surplus on account of such sale is to be passed on to legal heirs. Deficit, if any, is borne by the lender. Such surplus is taxed as capital gains in the hands of legal heirs and calculated in accordance with the income tax law.
The system is not, however, free from pitfalls . First, there is the case of banks capping the maximum mortgage loan amount. Second, the property should be used only for self-occupation during the tenure of the mortgage. Third, there is no provision to increase the payment amount to meet contingencies, and various other costs such as legal fee, loan origination fee, charges relating to property survey, valuation, title examination, stamp duty and registration, etc, could be recovered from the borrower.
So, while the monthly payment may suffice in the beginning, senior citizens might feel the pinch at a later stage in their lives. But despite these shortcomings, reverse mortgage can be a lifeline for senior citizens and serve as a financial tool which enables them to live independently by retaining a home during the sunset phase of their life and by monetising an illiquid asset - house property.
(The author, Homi Mistry, is a partner at Deloitte Haskins & SellsLLP.)

Microsoft cuts 3 000 jobs as part of staff reduction planMicrosoft cuts 3,000 jobs as part of workforce reduction plan
Bill Rigby     Seattle   Last Updated: October 30, 2014  | 11:13 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Microsoft Corp has cut about 3,000 jobs, effectively completing its plan to reduce its workforce by 18,000, or 14 per cent of total staff, announced in July.
The majority of the 18,000 job cuts were in the phone handset business Microsoft acquired from Nokia earlier this year.
"We've taken another step that will complete almost all the 18,000 reductions announced in July," said a Microsoft spokesman. "The reductions happening today are spread across many different business units and many different countries."
He said 638 of Wednesday's cuts were in Microsoft's home state of Washington, where it has its Redmond headquarters.
Microsoft, the world's largest software company, will have about 110,000 employees once the job reductions are completed. It took a charge of $1.1 billion in its latest quarterly earnings report for the restructuring and integration of the Nokia phone operation and associated job cuts.
(Reuters)

Cipla Asks Government to Revoke Novartis Patents on Respiratory DrugYou are here: Home Corporates
Cipla Asks Government to Revoke Novartis Patents on Respiratory Drug
Reuters | Updated On: October 30, 2014 18:50 (IST)
Aviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
Mumbai: Generic drugmaker Cipla Ltd said on Thursday it has asked the Indian government to revoke five patents held by Swiss firm Novartis AG on respiratory drug Onbrez and has launched a cheaper copy to boost access in the local market.
Cipla alleged that Novartis has had patents on the medicine since 2008 but instead of producing it in India has imported a "negligible quantity" from Switzerland, leading to a shortage of supplies in the Indian market.
Big international pharma companies have been hit by wide-ranging government-imposed price cuts and legal battles over patent protection in recent years in India, a vital growth market.
Cipla, India's fourth-largest drugmaker by revenue, said because there was an urgent but unmet need for the respiratory treatment in India it has started to sell a copy of the drug in Delhi priced at a fifth of the cost of Novartis's product.
"Cipla believes that it has the potential to manufacture adequate quantities of the drug and make the same available in the country," the company said in a statement, confirming its request to the government for the patents to be revoked.
A spokeswoman for Novartis in Zurich said the company had not received any notice from regulatory or other authorities about the issue.
Cipla's action is likely to result in a prolonged legal battle between the two companies, analysts said.
A senior official at the Indian government's Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion said Cipla's filing about Novartis's patents was made under Section 66 of the Indian Patents Act.
The section grants the Indian government the power to revoke a patent in the public interest, after giving the patent holder an opportunity to explain why it should not be revoked, said the official, who declined to be named.
Onbrez, chemically called indicaterol, is used to treat breathing problems associated with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Cipla estimates more than 15 million Indians are afflicted with the disease.
Novartis has been particularly vocal in its criticism of India's patent laws after the country's Supreme Court last year denied the company a patent on its cancer drug Glivec, allowing Indian firms to launch cheaper copies.
The United States Trade Representative (USTR) said this year India's limits on the approval of pharmaceutical patents and its plan to open patented drugs to generic makers created "serious challenges" for some innovators.
New Delhi is working on a new intellectual property policy, and the government will also set up a think-tank to advise it on global intellectual property issues, Trade Minister Nirmala Sitharaman said last month
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Diesel  petrol prices may be cut by 2.50/ltrDiesel, petrol prices may be cut by 2.50/ltr
BT Online Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 30, 2014  | 15:44 IST
In a big boost for consumers, diesel and petrol prices are likely to be cut by about Rs 2.50 a litre soon. The move will reduce inflation as diesel rates would be down 11% in less than two weeks, government and industry sources told financial daily The Economic Times. The crucial step is expected ahead of Assembly Elections in Jharkhand and Jammu & Kashmir.
The price cut is likely to be effected due to a sharp fall in international oil prices. Brent crude fell to a four-year low of $82.60 per barrels two weeks ago from above $115 in June. It was trading at $87 per barrel on Wednesday.
The newspaper on Thursday said the executives of state oil marketing firms are expected to meet on Friday or Saturday, where decision of exact quantum would be taken after tacit approval of petroleum ministry.
This will be the sixth consecutive reduction in petrol prices since August and the first cut in diesel rates after the government deregulated the fuel. The Cabinet on October 18 allowed state oil firms to align pump prices of diesel with market rates and announced Rs 3.37 per litre price cut. Petrol price was deregulated by the previous UPA government in June.
The reduction in auto fuel rates would pull petrol prices to a 16-month low and diesel prices to a level where they existed a year ago.

 Moody s Welcomes India s Policy Steps  But Wants MoreIron Ore Imports Surge as Prices Fall
Moody's welcomed recent efforts by India's government and the Reserve Bank to boost economic growth and attract long-term investments, but said the measures would need to be sustained to have an actual impact on the country's sovereign ratings.
Moody's Investors Service said steps such as Prime Minister Narendra Modi's "Make in India" campaign, infrastructure initiatives, improvements on monetary policy framework, and banking sector reforms were all "incremental, rather than radical" measures.
But Moody's said it wanted to see "sustained improvement" in the reform momentum for "over at least the next two years" to have an actual impact on India's credit ratings.
Moody's rates India at "Baa3", or the lowest investment grade, with a "stable" outlook. It was the only one among the three major global credit agencies not to downgrade India's outlook to "negative" over the past three years.
"Since India's sovereign rating already incorporates Moody's assessment that its growth potential is high, such higher growth rates would, in themselves, be of limited (though positive) significance for India's sovereign credit profile," the agency said.
Moody's said an assessment of India's credit ratings would only come after it sees sustained improvements in inflation, investment climate and policy predictability and transparency.
The credit agency added it wanted to see stronger fiscal, balance of payments and banking sector metrics.
 

Study: Mislabeled Shrimp Rampant at Restaurants and Grocersstudy: mislabeled shrimp rampant at restaurants and grocers
http://usat.ly/1rEvLsNFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
'Chevy guy' gaffe turns into big truck promo
Chevrolet not only said kind things about its regional officials who stumbled through the World Series MVP presentation of the brand's mid-size truck, it's turned his flustered phrase into a promotion. Chevy
Post to Facebook
'Chevy guy' gaffe turns into big truck promo Chevrolet not only said kind things about its regional officials who stumbled through the World Series MVP presentation of the brand's mid-size truck, it's turned his flustered phrase into a promotion. Chevy Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1tGCQP4
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
5
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
'Chevy guy' gaffe turns into big truck promo
James R. Healey , 8:52 p.m. EDT October 30, 2014
Focus groups prove 2015 Chevy Colorado  truck makes you cooler and sexier.
Chevrolet’s new “You Know You Want a Truck” video focaus groups suggest that a truck can make you cooler and sexier.
(Photo: Chevrolet)
107 CONNECT 69 TWEET 29 LINKEDIN 5 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Chevrolet not only said kind things about its regional official who stumbled through the Wednesday night World Series MVP presentation of the brand's mid-size truck, it's turned his flustered phrase into a promotion.
Chevy cranked up a pitch it calls, "You know you want a truck with technology and stuff."
— Bleacher Report (@BleacherReport) October 30, 2014
The item, posted Thursday on the Chevy Trucks YouTube channel and Chevy.com, celebrates the "all-new midsize Chevrolet Colorado, which comes standard with a lot of 'technology and stuff'."
It's a kind-hearted spoof of Rikk Wilde, Chevrolet's zone manager for Kansas City, and a lifelong Royals fan. He was understandably upset that his Royals lost the final game to the San Francisco Giants.
Chevy defends #ChevyGuy for World Series MVP nerves
And it wouldn't be far-fetched to suggest Wilde also was nervous about doing a live TV handover of Colorado keys to  Madison Bumgarner, 25-year-old left-hander whose prowess on the mound had commentators searching for superlatives. Bumgarner had just won the World Series MVP award.
A new Chevy comes with that.
Wilde looked down at his notes often, spoke haltingly and explained to the pitcher that he'd like the Colorado because it has "class-winning and leading, you know, technology and stuff."
Wilde's halting presentation has become big-time fodder on social media, at #ChevyGuy, and at Chevy's #TechnologyAndStuff.
The publicity item posted by Chevy links to the video, at the top of this story, showing "real people" discovering their "inner truck guy" as they realize the Colorado has the "technology and stuff customers want and need" -- and that truck guys have the most awesome pets.
107 CONNECT 69 TWEET 29 LINKEDIN 5 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1tGCQP4
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

Sensex  Nifty hit record highs  shrug off Feds hawkish toneHome »   Money
Sensex, Nifty hit record highs, shrug off Fed’s hawkish tone
Gains contrasted with a 0.5% fall in the MSCI Asia-Pacific index, excluding Japan after Fed ended its bond-buying programme
Latest News
11:35 AM IST
SpiceJet barred from advance bookings beyond one month
The Sensex and Nifty rose nearly 1% to a record high as investors bet an improving economy and government reforms would allow the country to better withstand potential rate hikes by the Fed than other emerging markets. Photo: Hemant Mishra/Mint
Mumbai: The S&P BSE Sensex and CNX Nifty rose nearly 1% to a record high on Thursday as investors bet an improving economy and government reforms would allow the country to better withstand potential rate hikes by the US Federal Reserve than other emerging markets.
The Nifty has gained nearly 31% in US dollar terms so far this year to remain Asia’s best performing equity index, helped by optimism tied to the election of Narendra Modi as Prime Minister.
The Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI’s) efforts to contain inflation have also improved confidence. Hopes are now rising that the RBI will be able to ease monetary policy as early as its next meeting in December given a slowdown in consumer price growth.
Thursday’s gains contrasted with a 0.5% fall in the MSCI Asia-Pacific index, excluding Japan after the Fed ended its massive bond-buying programme as expected, on Wednesday, but laced its economic assessment with a tinge of hawkishness.
“Fed’s decision is almost priced in and now each market is on its own merit. India stands out among emerging markets due to the bold and courageous decisions it has taken so far,” said Deven Choksey, managing director at KR Choksey Securities.
The 30-share BSE Sensex rose as much as 1.1% to an all-time high of 27,390.60, while the Nifty gained as much as 1.12% to mark a record high of 8,181.55, with both surpassing their previous highs hit on 8 September.
The benchmark BSE Sensex ended up 0.92% at 27,346.33, marking its highest close. The broader Nifty gained 0.97%, rising for eight sessions in nine.
India ended fuel price controls, raised gas prices, proposed opening up of the coal sector and relaxed rules for foreign investment in construction, earlier in October.
Exporters led the gains on the Fed’s increased optimism about the US economy, with Infosys Ltd ending up 1.7%, while rival Tata Consultancy Services Ltd gained 2.2%.
Tech Mahindra Ltd rose 3.49% after the company’s July-September profit rose 7.3% to Rs.589 crore.
Among drug makers, Dr.Reddy’s Laboratories Ltd rose 1.7%.
Among builders, Unitech Ltd rose 8.4% and DLF Ltd gained 4.87% after India relaxed rules for foreign investment in construction.
Indian energy conglomerate Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL) also rose 2.9%.
Among domestic oriented stocks, Larsen and Toubro Ltd rose 1.45%, while HDFC Bank Ltd gained 0.4%.
ICICI Bank Ltd rose 0.5% after posting a record profit in July-Sept.
Maruti Suzuki India Ltd rose 1.1% after the car maker said its board had decided to recommend an increase in the foreign institutional investor holding limit to 40%.
However, Cipla Ltd fell 0.77% on profit-taking after hitting a record high of Rs.663. Reuters

Rupee closes 9 paise weaker at 61.45 per dollarRupee closes 9 paise weaker at 61.45 per dollar
The partially convertible rupee opened at 61.52 per dollar compared with its previous close of 61.36
Latest News
11:35 AM IST
The 10-year government bond yield fell on rate cut hopes. The yield closed at 8.287% compared with its Wednesday’s close of 8.319%.  Photo: Indranil Mukherjee/Mint
Mumbai: The Indian rupee weakened against the dollar on Thursday, tracking losses in Asian currency markets.
The US Federal Reserve ended its monetary stimulus measures of bond purchases and remained confident that the economy is on a growth track, even as it maintained its pledge to keep borrowing cost low for a considerable time.
The local unit opened at 61.52 per dollar. The home currency ended at 61.45, down 0.16% from previous close of 61.36, while India’s equity benchmark Sensex index ended at 27,346.33 points on BSE, up 0.92%.
All the Asian currencies ended lower. South Korean won was down 0.78%, Indonesian rupiah lost 0.46%, Malaysian ringgit fell 0.46%, Philippines peso shed 0.4%, Thai baht fell 0.15%, Singapore dollar slipped 0.1%, while Japanese yen declined 0.1%.
The 10-year bond yield fell on the rate cut hopes. The yield closed at 8.287% compared with its Wednesday’s close of 8.319%. Bond yields and prices move in opposite directions. It touched a low of 8.279%—a level last seen on 20 September 2013.
The next Reserve Bank of India (RBI) policy will be on 2 December.
Since 1 October, 10-year bond yield fell 23.5 basis points to 8.279% from 8.514%, while it has fallen 54.6 bps year-to-date from 8.825%.
Support for a cut in interest rates has built up in the past few months as inflation and global crude prices eased. Inflation based on the Consumer Price Index slowed to 6.5% in September, while wholesale inflation eased to a five-year low of 2.4%. Since June, Brent crude has dropped nearly 20%.
On 24 October in an interview to The Times of India, finance minister Arun Jaitley called for a reduction in interest rates, saying lower rates would trigger demand for homes.
On 22 October, four out of seven external members of the RBI’s technical advisory committee (TAC) on monetary policy had advocated a rate cut in RBI’s fourth bi-monthly monetary policy on 30 September, edited minutes of the committee meeting held on 24 September showed.
On 30 September, RBI indicated that it has no intention of moving to a looser monetary policy until it reins in upside risks to the target of lowering consumer price inflation to 6% by January 2016.
.

Former Alstom UK manager to be chargedFormer Alstom UK manager to be charged with India bribes
Caroline Binham, Legal Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4c5040a8-6039-11e4-88d1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bad news keeps coming for BarlcaysBarclays’ bad moon keeps on rising with a £500m forex provision
By Jonathan Guthrie
In and out of reputational rehab, the UK bank has produced three nasty surprises in two days
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/35fbddd8-6027-11e4-98e6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India s universal healthcare rollout to cost Rs 1 600 000 000 000India's universal healthcare rollout to cost $26 billion
Reuters –  Thu 30 Oct, 2014 3:55 PM IST
A paramedic distributes free medicine provided by the government to patients inside a ward at Rajiv Gandhi Government General Hospital (RGGGH) in Chennai July 12, 2012. REUTERS/Babu/Files
By Aditya Kalra
NEW DELHI (Reuters) - India's universal health plan that aims to offer guaranteed benefits to a sixth of the world's population will cost an estimated 1.6 trillion rupees ($26 billion) over the next four years, a senior health ministry official said.
Under the National Health Assurance Mission, Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government would provide all citizens with free drugs and diagnostic treatment, as well as insurance cover to treat serious ailments.
The proposed plan would be rolled out in phases from April 2015 and will cover the entire population by March 2019, C.K. Mishra, an additional secretary at the health ministry, told Reuters. When the entire population is covered, it would cost an estimated $11.4 billion annually.
"If you want to deliver the service, that is what it will take," Mishra said, disclosing for the first time an expert group's cost estimates that will be considered by the finance ministry for inclusion in the government's spending plans.
Healthcare experts caution that it could take decades before India's 1.2 billion people are adequately covered and that the costs of provision could face significant upward pressure.
If approved, India would need to drastically raise its healthcare spending. In the current financial year, the budget allocated about $5 billion to healthcare.
"We are not in a position to implement it across the regions, states (right now). It's impossible. So we are choosing number of districts each year," said Mishra.
Despite rapid economic growth in the last 20 years, the government spends only about 1 percent of gross domestic product on healthcare. That compares to 3 percent in China and 8.3 percent in the United States.
More newborns die in India than in poorer neighbours such as Bangladesh, and preventable illnesses such as diarrhoea kill more than a million children every year.
Government hospitals are overcrowded and lack resources to meet the growing demand, while access to basic health services in rural areas and smaller towns remains poor.
"I can say that you are covered, but your closest facilities are 100 kilometres away. You are limited by that fact," said Rana Mehta, leader of healthcare at consultants PwC India.
"To build infrastructure and then provide care over a period of time would obviously take decades."
A 2012 study by Indian business lobby FICCI and consultants EY estimated that universal health cover in India was feasible in a decade and would require government health spending to rise to 3.7-4.5 percent of GDP.
PLAN STRUCTURE
The new plan will focus on improving preventive healthcare services by ensuring adequate availability of medical practitioners in rural areas, while new infrastructure will be created under existing welfare programmes, Mishra said.
Tertiary care services would be provided through an insurance-based model and the government will offer more than 50 drugs free to all its citizens.
Along with the drugs, about 12-15 diagnostic treatments will be offered in the package.
Mishra said states will be encouraged to enter into outsourcing agreements for the provision of treatment.
In recent years, thousands of small private hospitals and test centres have flourished, betting on high demand created by lack of adequate public facilities. Such providers opened 80 percent of India's new hospital beds during 2002-2012, according to a PwC-NatHealth report.
While private players will be involved in the ambitious programme, the government will need to ensure speedy payments for the partnership to work, said Harish Pillai, chief operating officer at private healthcare group Indus Health.
"Private providers can definitely help and execute it better, but the government should not only see us as commercially-driven entities," said Pillai.
The World Bank and Britain's health cost-effectiveness agency NICE are also assisting India, providing technical assistance and advice on treatments the government should offer in the package, the bank said last week.
($1 = 61.4200 rupee)
(Reporting by Aditya Kalra; Editing by Douglas Busvine and Simon Cameron-Moore)
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook

Asia bourses positive after US GDP reportS&P 500 ends at record after BoJ boost
Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/34ecde5a-60aa-11e4-833b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Death for five Indian fishermenColombo/New Delhi, October 30, 2014
Updated: October 31, 2014 08:23 IST
Death for five Indian fishermen
Meera Srinivasan
The Hindu File photo shows fishing boats anchored at Rameswaram. Five Indian fishermen were given the death penalty by a Sri Lankan court on Thursday for alleged drug trafficking.
TOPICS
execution
Sri Lankan court finds them guilty of drug-trafficking
The Colombo High Court on Thursday awarded the death sentence to five Tamil Nadu fishermen arrested by the Sri Lankan Navy in November 2011 on drug trafficking charges.
P. Emerson, P. Augustus, R. Wilson, K. Prasath, and J. Lanklet from Rameswaram spent nearly a year in prison in Jaffna and were later taken to the Welikada prison in Colombo, said sources in the Indian consulate in Jaffna.
The fishermen were charged with smuggling heroin into northern Sri Lanka, an allegation they have strongly denied.
Three Sri Lankan fishermen were also sentenced to death on the same charges.
Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa’s announcement ahead of his visit to India in May 2014 on the release of “all Indian fishermen” in Sri Lankan custody as a “goodwill gesture” had brought hope to those arrested.
The only Indian fishermen detained then were those arrested on charges of drug trafficking. However, they were not released and Sri Lankan government sources later said the President’s announcement did not pertain to them.

Gillette lndia net up 17%Home News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Gillette lndia net up 17%
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 31:  
Gillette lndia has posted a 17 per cent rise in net profit at Rs 18 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2014.
Net sales increased 13 per cent to Rs 439 crore with double-digit growth across all segments, the company said in a release to the stock exchange.
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

TMC main trouble-maker  responsible for poor law & order: CPIE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Anticipating trouble  Narmada turns fortress ahead of Statue of UnityceremonyGujarat CM Anandiben Patel during Work Order Issuance Ceremony of Statue of Unity in Gandhinagar on Monday. (Source: PTI)
Written by Aditi Raja | Kevadia | Posted: October 31, 2014 10:26 am | Updated: October 31, 2014 10:36 am
Several villages of Narmada have turned into fortresses thanks to the overnight police patrol, ahead of Chief Minister Anandi Patel’s visit here on Friday morning.
Patel will inaugurate the work of the construction of Narendra Modi’s pet project, Statue of Unity to mark the birth anniversary of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel and also lay the foundation stone for the construction of a hotel cum convention center, Shresth Bharat Bhavan at Kevadia colony on Friday.
The district administration, on instructions from the government has fortified neighbouring villages after an input from the state intelligence department that several tribals affected by the Sardar Sarovar Narmada Dam project and awaiting rehabilitation are to hold a black-flag protest against Patel.
Accordingly, police units from four districts — Narmada, Vadodara, Dahod and Bharuch — along with the Local Crime Branch and Special Operations Group units have begun combing villages since Wednesday afternoon to thwart any plans of protests. Sources in the LCB said personnel in plain clothes will also be present in the audience at the event that Patel will address from a barricaded stage.
“After inputs that tribals are planning to barge into the event with black flags, we are taking no chances. There are three layers of security personnel at the venue and this time, we have also installed a wire mesh to separate the stage and the audience for the Chief Minister although it is not part of her security protocol. But we are being cautious. Other teams have also come in to help us enforce law and order,” an officer posted at the venue said.
Villagers from Kevadia, Kothi, Navagam Limdi, Gora, Vaghodia and Wier are under the eyes of security forces as several tribals here are demanding rehabilitation after dislocation because of the project. A unit of district police also patrolled the Naswadi taluka of Chhota Udepur all through Wednesday night in search of 14 tribals from Baroli who had attempted suicide by jumping into the Narmada canal two weeks ago, protesting the ‘government apathy’ towards their pleas for fertile farm lands for rehabilitation.
However, the 14 tribals were untraceable to the police forces. Although cops deny detaining any tribals, the villages have been virtually cordoned off.
Patel is expected to arrive at the venue at 11 am and will complete the inauguration of the construction of the Statue of Unity by L&T as well as the foundation stone laying ceremony of the convention center by 12 pm. On October 31, last year, Prime Minister Narendra Modi in his capacity had laid the foundation stone of the Statue of Unity at the same venue.

HOT affairs of Indian cricketers revealed!Photo uploaded by Harpreet Kaur
on Oct 28, 2014 , 04:05 pm
10466 Views  |  10  Comments  |  
Report Abuse
The latest 'IT' couple Anushka Sharma and Virat Kohli finally made their first public appearance together at an ISL match. Image courtesy: Procured via Google Search
The latest 'IT' couple Anushka Sharma and Virat Kohli finally made their first public appearance together at an ISL match. Image courtesy: Procured via Google Search

Samsung unveils mid-tier handsets in China  eyes turnaroundSamsung unveils Galaxy A3, Galaxy A5 in China to reclaim market share
Se Young Lee     Seoul   Last Updated: October 31, 2014  | 11:59 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Samsung Electronics, the South Korean technology giant unveiled in China two new mid-tier handsets with a premium design as it prepared to deliver a riposte to its low-priced Chinese rivals and reclaim its title as the top brand in the world's biggest smartphone market.
The Galaxy A3 and A5 will be Samsung's first devices to feature fully metal bodies and are the tech major's slimmest smartphones to date. In size, the new models are comparable to those of the top-of-the-line Galaxy S5, though of lesser screen resolution quality.
Samsung said on Friday that it would start selling the Galaxy A3 and A5 in China in November. It classified the phones as mid-tier, and said they would be launched in other "select markets", without disclosing the pricing.
The announcement, combined with hopes for an earnings recovery and bigger dividends, pushed the South Korean conglomerates's shares to a two-month high in Seoul in mid-day trade on Friday.
The news comes a day after Samsung reported its worst quarterly operating profit in more than three years. Earnings from its handset division slumped 73.9 per cent from the previous year.
The tech company said its responses to "rapid shifts in the competitive landscape" were not quick enough. It vowed to revamp its offerings.
"For our mid to low-end smartphones we will enhance product competitiveness by differentiating our displays and materials as well as upgrading camera functionality," Senior Vice President Kim Hyun-joon told analysts on Thursday.
Samsung, which is the world's smartphone leader, is regrouping as it lost market share in annual terms for the third straight quarter in July-September, according to Strategy Analytics.
It has been beaten by Apple's iPhones in the premium segment and undercut by Chinese rivals like Lenovo and Xiaomi at the bottom end.
Samsung will likely accept lower margins going forward to preserve market share and growth volume, analysts said. But most do not expect a firm recovery until mid-2015 at the earliest.
"A lineup change is a costly process, just like re-doing your home interior design," said KTB Investment analyst Jin Sung-hye.
(Reuters)

Five-story building collapses in Pune; One fearedtrappedNine families (25 persons) stayed in the five-story building evacuated on Thursday. (Source: Atikh Rashid)
Written by Atikh Rashid | Pune | Posted: October 31, 2014 11:16 am | Updated: October 31, 2014 5:06 pm
29-year-old Sandip Mohite, who was trapped under the debris of a building which collapsed early Friday morning, was found dead when the rescue team finally managed to reach his car under the debris of the five story building. Sandip was trapped for over 12 hours since 3 am on Friday morning when the five storey building came crashing. National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) and fire brigade officials removed his head body from the debris at 4.25 pm.
A medical officer who examined his dead body before it was taken out said that Mohite had died due to suffocation.
The building crashed in the wee hours of Friday when all five floors came down. Mohite, the only one to get trapped was re-visiting the parking of the building to fetch his four wheeler when the structure collapsed. The building was located in Bhumkar Mala locality in Ambegaon Narhe village at Pune outskirts.
Locals said that the building – was constructed about a year back but the builder had left it incomplete. The building had 20 flats on five floors out of which 9 flats were occupied. One room was occupied by the watchman who was staying with his family.
The rescue work going on at the building collapse site. The NDRF and Fire Brigade officials are yet to locate Sandip Mohite (29) who’s trapped under the debris. (Express Photo by Arul Horizon).
“The residents have been noticing cracks in the building for quite some time now. On Thursday night the residents suddenly woke up to tremors and see cracks in the walls. Those who noticed woke up others and helped all 25 persons to vacate the building. Sandip, had returned to the parking lot of the building to drive out the cars. He successfully took out one but when he went the second time the building crashed,” an eyewitness said.
The builder has been detained by Bharati Vidyapeeth Police Station and is being questioned. Those who recieved minor injuries have been hositalised in Navale Hospital.
The village Amegaon Narhe and adjoining area are notorious for illegal construction activities. The district administration had undertaken multiple drives against the illegal construction in the recent past in the area.

I date less as a single mom: PadmaLakshmiPadma Laxmi: I date a lot less as a single mom – I'll tell you that. I just don't have time. (Source: AP)
By: Press Trust of India | Los Angeles | Posted: October 31, 2014 11:14 am
Model-actress Padma Lakshmi has revealed that romance is taking a backseat after being a single mother. The ‘Top Chef’ host was recently romantically linked to Hollywood superstar Richard Gere, reported People magazine.
“I date a lot less as a single mom – I’ll tell you that. I just don’t have time,” Lakshmi told reporters at the Elton John AIDS Foundation’s 13th Annual Enduring Vision Benefit. Lakshmi, 44, said she is cautious in her love life because of her daughter Krishna Thea, four. “As you get older, I think it’s harder to meet the right person. You just want to be careful because you have a family,” she said.
The ‘Bravo’ star was excited to support the EJAF, which funds HIV/AIDS prevention programs and treatment. “There’s still so much to be done with AIDS, and (Elton) has really been such an early supporter and a consistent supporter,” she added.

Keith Urban has been amazing: Nicole Kidman on husbandssupportNicole Kidman: To have my husband just step up that way, it makes me cry. He's amazing... (Source: AP)
By: Press Trust of India | Los Angeles | Posted: October 31, 2014 11:09 am
Actress Nicole Kidman has opened up about how she coped with the passing of her father Dr Anthony Kidman last month.
The actress, who is gearing up for the release of her latest movie ‘Before I Go to Sleep’, credited her husband Keith Urban’s for his “amazing” support in her tough time, reported Ace Showbiz. “When you have your partner who just literally carries you through a tough time – he’s been amazing to me.
“To have my husband just step up that way, it makes me cry. He’s amazing… We all go through hard times in our lives, but to be literally carried by your partner, and physically at times because I was so devastated. I’ll do anything for that man,” she said.
The ‘Moulin Rouge!’ star also shared that she appreciated people’s messages of support when she was mourning her father’s sudden passing. “I’ve realised we don’t talk about it enough in terms of our society. Everybody loses their parents and it’s awful. I’m sorry to bring everything down, but I’m at the same time trying to navigate through something right now.”
“And I’m amazed when people reach out, because it’s an awkward thing at times, but to have people go, ‘I’m so sorry for your loss.’ … The power of that, and even a note or anything, which I’ve gotten so much love from people… When you realise that someone has gone through a similar thing or is going through a similar thing, it really connects you,” she added.

One Direction lead Billboard Touring AwardsnominationsBy: Press Trust of India | London | Posted: October 31, 2014 11:04 am
One Direction, Justin Timberlake, Katy Perry and the Rolling Stones are among the headliners who will compete for major prizes at the 2014 Billboard Touring Awards.
The British boyband and Timberlake, 33, will compete with the Eagles for the Top Tour trophy, while the two acts will battle country star Luke Bryan for the coveted Top Draw award when the prizes are handed out in New York on November 20, reported Contactmusic.
Arcade Fire, Florida Georgia Line, Paul MCCartney and Jason Aldean are also up for top trophies. Arcade Fire and Florida Georgia Line will take on OneRepublic for the Breakthrough Award, while Lollapalooza in Chicago, the Coachella Music and Arts Festival in Indio, California and the Austin City Limits Music Festival in Austin, Texas will compete for Best Festival.
The most interesting category of all is the fight for this year’s Top Boxscore title as it features old rivals MCCartney and the Rolling Stones, who sold out the Tokyo Dome in Japan over three nights in November, 2013 and February and March (14), respectively. They will battle One Direction, who packed out Dublin’s Croke Park in Ireland in May, for the prize.

BJP  Bajrang Dal bandh demanding AIUDF leader Ajmals arrest cripples life inAssamMembers of Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) burn the effigy of AIUDF chief Badaruddin Ajmal at a protest after Special Intelligence Bureau (SIB) reports of his association with Islamic fundamentalists of Bangladesh in Guwahati on Wednesday. (Source: PTI)
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: October 31, 2014 11:01 am
Normal life was crippled across Assam on Friday due to a 12-hour bandh called by the state units of BJP, Bajrang Dal, ABVP, VHP and several other organizations of the sangh parivar demanding immediate arrest of All India United Democratic Front (AIUDF) leader and Lok Sabha member Badruddin Ajmal over his alleged role in recruiting Muslim youths from Assam for jihadi training in Bangladesh.
Ajmal, also president of Jamiat Ulema-e-Hind’s state unit, however has denied the charges and demanded a high-level inquiry into the allegations. Currently in New Delhi, Ajmal is likely to meet Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Home Minister Rajnath Singh on Friday. He had already met Kiren Rijiju, MoS Home on Thursday.
While the 12-hour bandh was initially called by the Bajrang Dal, state units of the BJP, ABVP, VHP and Hindu Jagaran Manch also later extended support to it. The groups have also demanded a thorough probe into functioning of a section of madrasas in the state.
Shops, business establishments, banks and educational institutions remained closed across the state while attendance in government offices was thin. No public transport has plied till filing of the report. Volunteers of the groups calling the bandh tried to block movement of railway trains in different parts of the state.
The allegations against Ajmal, Lok Sabha member from Dhubri in western Assam, were first leveled by a New Delhi-based satellite TV news channel, but were soon picked up by the BJP and other sangh parivar organizations. Demonstrations against Ajmal and his party have rocked Assam for the past two days.
The Asom Gana Parishad (AGP) too has joined the campaign and organized a torch rally today evening demanding a thorough investigation into the allegations. The regional party has blamed both, the former Congress-led regime and the present BJP-led NDA for the rise of fundamental forces and spread of jihadi tentacles to the state in the recent years.
The All Assam Students’ Union (AASU) meanwhile has warned political parties not politicize the issue of jihadi activites. “It is a serious issue concerning the sovereignty and integrity of the country. Parties should not turn into a game of political mud-slinging,” said AASU advisor Samujjal Bhattacharyya.

Review: Interstellar a sublime cosmicknockout'Interstellar' is overly explanatory about its physics.
By: Associated Press | Posted: October 31, 2014 10:55 am
Since his breakthrough with the backward-running ‘Memento’, Christopher Nolan has made a plaything of time. In ‘Interstellar’, he slips into its very fabric, shaping its flows and exploding its particles. It’s an absurd endeavor. And it’s one of the most sublime movies of the decade.
As our chief large-canvas illusionist, Nolan’s kaleidoscope puzzles have often dazzled more than they have moved, prizing brilliant, hocus-pocus architecture over emotional interiors. But a celestial warmth shines through ‘Interstellar,’ which is, at heart, a father-daughter tale grandly spun across a cosmic tapestry.
There is turbulence along the way. ‘Interstellar’ is overly explanatory about its physics, its dialogue can be clunky and you may want to send composer Hans Zimmer’s relentless organ into deep space. But if you take these for blips rather than black holes, the majesty of ‘Interstellar’ is something to behold.
The film opens in the near future where a new kind of Dust Bowl, one called ”the blight,” brings crop-killing storms of dust upon the Midwest farm of engineer-turned-farmer Cooper (Matthew McConaughey) and his two children, the adventuresome 10-year-old Murph (Mackenzie Foy) and the 15-year-old budding farmer Tom (Timothee Chalamet). In the imperiled climate, space exploration is viewed as part of the “excess” of the 20th century. Cooper, a former NASA pilot, still believes in science’s capacity for greatness.
Cooper’s curiosity brings him to a secret NASA lair run by a Dr. Brand (Michael Caine). Large-scale dreaming has gone underground. They enlist him to pilot a desperate mission through a wormhole to follow an earlier expedition that may have found planets capable of hosting human life.
Much discussion of gravity and relativity follows, as Nolan (who co-wrote the script with his brother Jonathan and consulted with theoretical physicist Kip Thorne) tries valiantly to place his quasi-plausible sci-fi tale within the realm of mathematics and science. “Interstellar” is a trip, for sure, but it’s not a supernatural one. There will be no aliens poking forth from bellies or monument-blasting battles with extraterrestrials; it’s just about us humans.
The journey means Cooper will, under the best of circumstances, be gone for years. The parting from Murph, who resents the abandonment, is wrenching. He’s a dutiful, driven father stepping out to work, only in another galaxy.
His crew are Brand’s daughter (Anne Hathaway), a pair of researchers (a wonderful David Gyasi and Wes Bentley) and a talking robot named TARS that looks like the monolith of ‘2001: A Space Odyssey’ if it were a shape-shifting Transformer.
What happens when the space ship, Endurance, moves past Saturn and passes through the wormhole? For starters, Nolan and his cinematographer, Hoyte Van Hoytema, conjure beautiful galactic imagery, contorting space and, eventually, dimensions.
But what he’s really doing is dropping countless big ideas _science, survival, exploration, love _ into a cosmic blender, and seeing what keeps its meaning out there in the heavenly abyss. As in “The Dark Knight,” Nolan doesn’t investigate all continued…

Magic Planet gets unveiled on FridayUpdated: October 31, 2014 11:25 IST
Magic Planet gets unveiled on Friday
Madhuri Rajendran
The Hindu Dream project: the Magic Planet, the magic-themed complex at the Kinfra Film and Video Park near Kazhakuttam, will be opened by Chief Minister Oommen Chandy on Friday, and (inset) magician Gopinath Muthukad. Photo: special arrangement
The Hindu Dream project: (Inset) magician Gopinath Muthukad. Photo: special arrangement
Actor Mohanlal will perform the first magic trick
A magic mansion ‘where peace is not just an illusion’ is what magician Gopinath Muthukad will launch here on Friday.
Chief Minister Oommen Chandy will inaugurate the Magic Planet – the magic-themed complex – at the Kinfra Film and Video Park near Kazhakuttam, and actor Mohanlal will perform the first magic trick.
“Magic Planet will facilitate an interesting journey, experiencing various eras of magic and exploring its rich history. It includes scientific, mathematical and psycho magic, street magic, stage-theatre illusion, puzzles corners and many more,” says Mr. Muthukad.
The ‘planet’ also has a Shakespearean theatre depicting the magical representation of ‘The Tempest.’ There is mystery, magic and a sense of wonder in every corner of the ‘planet,’ be it the reception, the waiting area or any other place.
“It is my dream project. My main aim is to help and support street magicians and their families through this initiative,” he said.
Next on his to-do list is a book on street magicians in order to preserve their magical specialities, as he believes magic does not and should not die.

In pics: 1984 anti-Sikh riots  30 years laterComments
The 1984 anti-Sikh riots are one of the worst massacres that Independent India has witnessed. Thousands of lives were lost, thousands were thrown out of their houses.
Friday would mark the 30th anniversary of the riots. A lot of people still haven't recovered from the losses they suffered then. 
Here are few photos which display the beastality that was unleashed in 1984:  
A file photo showing a part of Delhi’s Trilokpuri area where a person from every house was burnt in the 1984 riots.
File photo of riots at Azadpur sabzi mandi and fruit mandi.
The violence was chiefly aimed at Sikhs and destruction of Sikh properties.
As per reports, over 20,000 people fled their homes. This photo shows a refugee camp in Kalyan Puri, Delhi.
Indira Gandhi's cremation was held at 'Shakti Sthal', near Raj Ghar in Delhi. The funeral was attended by around 3 million people.
File photo showing Delhi, the nation’s capital became a funeral pyre for three days, from October 31 to November 3 in 1984.
A roofless charred mud house and vehicles burnt out of shape bear testimony to the savegery unleashed by mobs in the block 32 of trilokpuri on November 1, 1984.
Carrying black flags and portrait of Indira Gandhi, people carrying a procession in Srinagar. This was a protest to condemn her assassination.
File photo: A man walks though roofless, charred mud houses in Trilokpuri a day after hundreds of Sikhs were massacred in the wake of India gandhi's assassination.
 
People during foundation laying ceremony of 'November 1984 Sikh Genocide Memorial' at Gurudwara Rakab Ganj in New Delhi.(Arvind Yadav/HT Photo)
Ajeet Singh a victim of 1984 riots at his residence at Tilak Vihar, in New Delhi.(Vipin Kumar/ HT Photo)

Run for Unity: PM Modi mentions Indira Gandhi as he praises Sardar PatelComments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday invoked Prime Minister Indira Gandhi on her martyrdom day but also raked up the 1984 anti-Sikh riots after her death.
Flagging of the 'Run for Unity' to commemorate Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel's birth anniversary Delhi's Vijay Chowk on Friday, the PM rued, "It was unfortunate that 30 years ago, on the birthday of a man who devoted his life for the unity of the country, a terrible incident happened that gravely injured the nation's unity," referring to the riots.
"Our own people were killed. The incident was not a wound on the throat of any community but a knife, a dagger on India's century-old great social fabric," Modi continued, taking an indirect dig at the Congress.
Neither Modi nor any National Democratic Alliance minister went to Gandhi’s memorial at Shakti Sthal, where many Congress leaders, including party chief Sonia Gandhi and former prime minister Manmohan Singh, paid their respects.
Congress leaders accused Modi of disrespecting the late prime minister . “Disgraceful that Govt is ignoring the martyrdom of our only Prime Minister who was killed in office in the line of duty,” tweeted Shashi Tharoor.
Former UPA minister Anand Sharma said, “She was the leader of this country who was martyred in office. This pitting of leaders against one another is in bad taste.”.
PM Modi flags off the 'Run for Unity' at Rajpath in New Delhi on Friday. (Vipin Kumar/HT Photo)
Earlier, in his speech on Friday, Modi mentioned, "Aaj Shrimati Indira Gandhi ka punya tithi hai (Today, it is Shrimati Indira Gandhi's death anniversary)", even as he devoted the maximum time of his speech to Patel's legacy.
In his welcome speech, urban development minister M Venkaiah Naidu had made it clear the event was "not to undermine any other leader but only to do justice to Sardar Patel". Naidu also mentioned that since childhood he believed that history has done injustice to Sardar Patel.
Showering effusive praise on Patel, Modi said, "Just as Ramakrishna Paramhansa remains incomplete without Swami Vivekananda, Mahatma Gandhi's legacy cannot be fully written without Sardar Patel's contribution."
He mentioned how Patel had organised Mahatma Gandhi's Dandi March in 1930.
PM Modi takes part in the 'Run for Unity' at Rajpath in New Delhi on Friday. (Vipin Kumar/HT Photo)
The PM said Patel tried to unify the country and thwarted the British ploy to divide India into several pieces. "History remembers Chanakya for his efforts towards development of provinces by unifying them, similarly Sardar Patel's aim too was development through unity."
 
"Patel has given us Ek Bharat (united India). It is now our duty to make it Shresth Bharat (Best India)."

Maharashtra: Fadnavis takes CM oath today  sulking Sena to stay awayComments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will attend the swearing-in of Devendra Fadnavis on Friday as the 27th chief minister of Maharashtra, in a function which could be boycotted by former ally Shiv Sena.
BJP National President Amit Shah with Maharashtra CM-designate Devendra Fadnavis during their meeting at his residence in New Delhi. ( Sonu Mehta/HT Photo)
Shiv Sena which is unhappy over not getting a desired deal to participate in the BJP-led government, was in uncertainty all through Thursday as senior leaders indicated that Thackeray and Sena MLAs were unlikely to attend the ceremony.
The party was hoping a solution would emerge after a meeting between Prime Minister Narendra Modi, BJP president Amit Shah and Fadnavis in Delhi  but no such indication was given by the BJP.
Chief ministers of several BJP ruled states, party chief Amit Shah and a large number of celebrities are likely to attend the grand function at the Wankhede stadium in the evening.
Senior BJP leader Rajiv Pratap Rudy said a small team will take oath with Fadnavis and the expansion of the council of ministers would be conducted later. 
“It is unlikely that other party ministers will be sworn in tomorrow. But there is a possibility that it will be our partner in the future,” Rudy said on Thursday, making it  clear that no Sena legislator would be taking oath on Friday.
Reacting to Rudy’s statement, Sena leaders said they would not attend the ceremony. “Our MLAs have expressed that they should be treated with respect if the BJP wants them to be part of the government. If that is not happening then no one from the Sena will attend the ceremony, not even Uddhavji,” said Sena MP Vinayak Raut.
"As our MLAs feel that BJP did not give us due respect, why should we attend the oath-taking ceremony?" Sena MP Vinayak Raut told reporters after meeting party president Uddhav Thackeray.
Sources said the Sena leadership may prefer to wait for few more days as BJP would have to take a decision before the assembly session is held in November to prove majority of the new government.
Meanwhile, the BJP is also grappling with the problem of finalising names of ministers and also the allocation of portfolios. Sources said the issue was discussed in the meeting between Modi, Shah and Fadnavis.

Will Congress ever be able to cast the taint off 1984 riotsComments
The ghost of the anti-Sikh riots of 1984 comes to haunt the Congress at regular intervals since the role of some of its leaders in the communal violence is under the scanner of courts and various agencies.
Nearly 3,000 Sikhs were killed in Delhi following the assassination of former Prime Minister Indira Gandhi by her two Sikh bodyguards on October 31, 1984.
Senior Congress leaders, including Jagdish Tytler and Sajjan Kumar, are facing allegations of involvement in the riots.
Though they have repeatedly denied any role, the two leaders had to bear the brunt of the public anger as the Congress dropped them as party candidates in 2009 Lok Sabha elections following massive protests. The same year, a shoe was also hurled at then home minister P Chidambaram by journalist Jarnail Singh, now an Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) leader, in protest against the CBI’s clean chit to them.
The Congress’ opponents have also used the riots and the purported remarks of former Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi as tools to attack it. “When a great tree falls, the earth is bound to shake” is how Rajiv is reported to have responded to the riots that broke out after his mother’s death.
But over the years, the Congress leadership has sought to comfort the community with their apologies. In one of her poll rallies in Chandigarh on January 27, 1998 before taking over as the Congress president, Sonia Gandhi had said she could understand the pain of Sikhs.
On August 12, 2005, then Prime Minister Manmohan Singh apologised in parliament. “I apologise not only to the Sikh community, but to the whole Indian nation because what took place in 1984 is the negation of the concept of nationhood enshrined in our Constitution.”
Congress vice president Rahul Gandhi too shared similar sentiments and admitted that some of his party men were probably involved in the riots and had been punished for it.
Recently, AAP’s bid to win over the community has caused much discomfort to political parties, primarily the BJP. After assuming power in Delhi, the Arvind Kejriwal government announced a special investigation team to probe the riots.

Sentiment Upbeat  Markets On A HighSentiment Upbeat  Markets On A High
BOJ shocks markets with surprise easing as inflation slowsBOJ shocks markets with surprise easing as inflation slows
US body probes India s trade policies under ModiUS body probes India s trade policies under Modi
Coal India to benefit from mining reformsHi Guest
Coal India to benefit from mining reforms
The government has finally paved the way for ending the state monopoly, by allowing commercial mining in the private sector. The backdrop for the Coal Mines (Nationalisation) Act (CMNA) of 1973, leading to the formation of Coal India (CIL) in 1975, was sluggish annual growth of two per cent, lack of private investments and mismanagement by private parties. The Act worked but only to an extent. CIL, in a monopolistic position since, has raised annual production to 462 million tonnes (mt) from 79 ...

Rupee Rises to 61.34 a Dollar Tracking Stronger EquitiesRupee Rises to 61.34 a Dollar Tracking Stronger Equities
India s secondary sexIndia s secondary sex
2G Scam: Kanimozhi  A Raja Charged; Could Face 7 Years in Jail if Convicted2G Scam: Kanimozhi  A Raja Charged; Could Face 7 Years in Jail if Convicted
Kamper Concast to hold board meetingKamper Concast to hold board meeting
Sensex  Nifty @ new record highs; 10 stocks in focusSensex  Nifty @ new record highs; 10 stocks in focus
Bill Blass Names Chris Benz as Creative DirectorBill Blass Names Chris Benz as Creative Director
Thanks neerajpurig timely call given and we have booked profits too.Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

I think should go down to 46 and then reboundCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Fz call for all short nifty buy 8250 pe ...infy 3950pe....wipro 560ce....Platinum Member
482 Followers
Sorry sir cudnt reply as i already slept off after a tiring day....anyway nifty is bearish for me i m shorrt on the nifty for nov series with a target of 8130....today dr reddy was a firecracker now still 3240 is the target.....go short in infy 4000pe target 3860
10.42 PM Oct 31st

Modi not on Syed Ahmed Bukhari guest list for son s ceremonyNarendra Modi not on Syed Ahmed Bukhari guest list for son's ceremony, Nawaz Sharif in
PTI | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 31 2014, 08:00  IST
Oct 31 2014, 08:00  IST
 

Sena speaks of humiliation by BJP  not to attend swearing-inE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

A spooky Hallow s Eve awaits at Vivanta by Taj-GurgaonJimmy Jacob        Edition: Oct 26, 2014
The Tease Terrace at Vivanta by Taj-Gurgaon will be revamped into a ghostly venue, complete with bats, coffins and black cats, to usher in that Halloween feel.
Soon, it will be Halloween - that time of the year when spirits prowl the streets and witches take to their brooms, cackling away into the dark sky overhead. So, pull out your vampire fangs and zombie mask, because disguising yourself as one of them is the only way you can even hope to make it through the night. And yes, don't forget to prop a teething jack-o-lantern at the doorstep for good measure; the evil ones can always do with some extra appeasement.
Or, you could just show up at Vivanta by Taj-Gurgaon on October 31 for an evening of laughter and unbridled fun at the expense of "the forces of evil" and the creepy-crawlies that be. To be held at the Tease Terrace, revamped into a ghostly venue populated by bats, coffins, skeletons and black cats, the Halloween party promises to bring back memories of every monster that may have resided under your childhood bed - and bestow upon you the power to bully them, instead of the other way round.
Complementing the spookiness is a food menu that will send a shiver down your spine. But then, don't let your cowardly side keep you from devouring the mummy dogs, vampire's hunted seafood stew and the ever-spooky zombie chocolate mousse, to the accompaniment of blood-red beverages.
And yes, there shall be music too... the kind that makes your bones shudder and your jaws rattle, and send every strand of hair on your head reaching for the ceiling. Brought to you by Daftar Zild, a bunch of working professionals brought together by their desire to jam on, the tunes would be a medley of fusion, folk and classic rock - customised to suit the  occasion.
So, pick up your trick-n-treatin' basket and head to the Vivanta by Taj-Gurgaon for a rip-roaring time from 8.30 pm to half-past midnight. And may the spirits be with you!

Infosys CEO meets Telecom MinisterNew Delhi, October 29, 2014
Updated: October 29, 2014 19:49 IST
Infosys CEO meets Telecom Minister
PTI
Telecom Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad tweeted this photo.
TOPICS
IT Enabled Services
Infosys CEO Vishal Sikka on Wednesday met IT and Telecom Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad to discuss how the Indian IT companies can be involved in the Rs 1 lakh crore Digital India programme.
“CEO of Infosys Vishal Sikka met me. We discussed more active participation of India Inc in Digital India,” Mr. Prasad tweeted.
CEO of #Infosys Vishal Sikka met me. We discussed more active participation of India Inc.in #DigitalIndia pic.twitter.com/y2Sgd6neJ3
— Ravi Shankar Prasad (@rsprasad) October 29, 2014
This was a follow-up meeting between the two after their first meeting on Digital India programme in Germany.
“The Minister in his visit to Germany had met Mr. Sikka and impressed upon on him to work with government in rolling out Digital India programme which is a focus area of the Prime Minister, especially by involving small IT companies so that they benefit from this programme of the government,” a Telecom Ministry official told PTI.
Under the Digital India programme, the government has envisaged to create various IT-based solutions, including delivery of services to public like health, education, financial services etc, secure email system for government officials and develop IT platform for sending messages.
The government has plans to spend Rs 200 crore for imparting IT training to 1 crore students over the next 5 years.
“The Minister also asked Mr. Sikka to spread the intention of the new government in attracting foreign investment to Make in India and to motivate the potential investors to set up industries, especially in Electronics Manufacturing in India,” the official said.

Bullion trader Lodhai admits to black moneyYou are here: Home > Collections > Dubai
Bullion trader Pankajkumar Chimanlal Lodhai admits to black money, skips Swiss account
Sugata Ghosh, ET Bureau Oct 30, 2014, 07.04AM IST
Tags:
Black Money
(Lodhai had lent his name…)
MUMBAI: Of the three Swiss bank account holders named by the government, the case of Pankajkumar Chimanlal Lodhai is the most curious. The rotund gold and bullion dealer from Rajkot, of whom few outside Zaveri Bazaar had heard of till Monday, had lent his name to two overseas bank accounts and had advised a Sharjah resident to take large bets on gold, silver and platinum futures on offshore exchanges.
According to a tax official, Lodhai — in a declaration to the income-tax authorities — has spelt out that one account is with a bank in Ras Al Khaimah, UAE, and the other with Standard Chartered Bank, Singapore. In August this year, he had approached the Mumbai bench of the Income-Tax Settlement Commission, declaring an unaccounted income of Rs 14.53 crore.
The Settlement Commission is a statutory body set up under the Income-Tax Act to settle cases of disputed facts related to income liable for taxation. Lodhai has prayed before the commission, which has admitted his affidavit, for immunity from prosecution and penalty, a tax source told ET. Surprisingly, even as late as three months ago he had not declared holding any Swiss bank account.
Lodhai did not respond to a text message from ET while his chartered accountant, JC Ranpura, refused to discuss the matter. Asked whether Lodhai had subsequently shared additional information with the tax department, Ranpura said (over telephone), "I don't know. I don't think so. He is my client and you must understand that I'm bound by confidentiality code." (As per income-tax records, the name of the person in question is Pankajkumar Chimanlal Lodhai.)
According to the source and a person in the Mumbai bullion market, Lodhai has claimed that he provided only consultancy services in helping one Mehul Nandha, who is based in Sharjah, and Nandha's associate firm Wingold LLC to put through derivative trades on precious metals in Dubai and Singapore. While no funds, according to the declaration, were transferred from India to Dubai, Lodhai carried out research and trade analysis. Nandha trusted Lodhai because of the latter's "reputation" and "goodwill" in the bullion world and had also let Lodhai access his server in Dubai by sharing the login ID and password.
Lodhai, in turn, allowed Nandha to use his name to open bank accounts for depositing margin money required to enter into derivative contracts. The unaccounted income for assessment years 2008-09 to 2014-15 was primarily in the books of Shreeji Trading & Co (of which Lodhai is the proprietor), followed by unaccounted stocks of fine gold and loose and studded diamonds with Shreeji Orna ments Pvt Ltd, and unrecorded cash receipts in real estate business.
Lodhai's affidavit provides a peek into the world of bullion trading. Bullion traders place orders with agencies such as STC and large bullion banks like StanChart London and often hedge the price risk as the delivery takes 24-36 hours. Sometimes, Lodhai used to keep the position unhedged and used the physical gold received to "influence demand and supply" in the local market. When there was shortage of gold and price rose, he sold the yellow metal in the local market. Sometimes, these were cash deals, and the money was used to replenish physical stock.
  Some of the transactions and the profits, Lodhai admits, were never recorded. According to a source, Lodhai mentions more than once in the affidavit that the money earned from dealings with his "business acquaintance" in Sharjah is purely commission income. Nandha shared 10% of profits (or Rs 1 lakh, whichever was higher) from a trade.
The Reserve Bank of India prohibits traders in India from taking leveraged trades on overseas futures exchanges for deals that are not backed by any underlying physical stock. But bullion dealers in India say a few intermediaries continue to offer the service, having found a way to sidestep the restriction.
Lodhai, however, is categorical that he has never been an investor as Nandha bore the loss whenever a deal backfired; moreover, UAE, according to him, has the first right to tax on gains made on deals that Nandha cuts. Some of these are finer points of tax. But with the Swiss bank story hitting the headlines, Lodhai's declaration before the Settlement Commission raises a few questions: 1. Does he (or did he) have an undisclosed account with a Swiss bank? (Lodhai has so far denied that he ever had one); 2. How kosher are his deals in the eyes of the taxman; 3. Having admitted the affidavit, how will the Settlement Commission respond to his prayer for immunity?
FEATURED ARTICLES

Special Investigation Team trying to figure out contours of black moneyYou are here: Home > Collections
Special Investigation Team trying to figure out contours of black money
BHAVNA VIJ AURORA, ET Bureau Oct 30, 2014, 04.41AM IST
Tags:
Black Money
(SIT team that visited the…)
NEW DELHI: Members of the Supreme Court-appointed Special Investigation Team (SIT) on black money visited Paris and Geneva last week, but failed to convince the French and Swiss authorities to share details about Indian account holders and the money parked in various banks.
The SIT team that visited the European countries included revenue secretary Shaktikanta Das and Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) Chairman KV Chowdhary. SIT Chairman Justice (retired) MB Shah and Vice-Chairman Arijit Pasayat met the team members before they left for Europe. Their aim was to convince the authorities, particularly of Switzerland, to share the details about the Indian account holders, but they failed in their endeavour due to the legal issues involved. An official, privy to the ongoing investigations, explained to ET.
"Not all Swiss account holders have illegal money. The authorities cannot share the information since it will be difficult for India to prove that some account holders have put away illegal or unaccounted money. It is a complicated procedure," he said. First there has to be a case against the account holder in India that shows that the money stashed thereis part of proceeds of crime. A case under PMLA (Prevention of Money Laundering Act) has to be registered and investigated.
"For India to prove commission of crime and subsequent money laundering in the case of various account holders abroad is next to impossible," he added. The visit by the team was the first real attempt by the SIT to investigate the tough task given to it. In the four meetings that it has held since it was notified on May 29, the members are still trying to figure out the vast contours of the problem of black money.
"We are still trying to figure out the laws, their lacunae and what can be done. The subject is too vast and we are still struggling with the academic aspect," revealed one of the SIT members. The same was confirmed to ET by at least two other members who have attended all the meetings of SIT.
The members of the SC-monitored SIT include CBI director, RBI deputy governor, Intelligence Bureau director, R&AW secretary, Enforcement Directorate director, Narcotics Control Bureau DG, Revenue Intelligence DG and Financial Intelligence Unit Director. This is in addition to the revenue secretary and CBDT chairman.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nothing new in govt s list submitted to SC: SIT chief Justice MB ShahBlack Money
("I don't think there is anything…)
NEW DELHI: Chief of the Special Investigation Team (SIT) on black money Justice MB Shah on Wednesday said there was nothing new in the list of names submitted by the government and that the SIT would submit its probe report in time.
"I don't think there is anything significant in the report. This list is the same as before. It was known to us. We have to question the people in the list," Justice Shah said.
The Supreme Court got 627 names in a sealed envelope from the government on Wednesday, having insisted on being given the list the previous day. It then handed this list of account holders in HSBC, Geneva, to the SIT that's been set up to inquire into black money. Those names, however, have already been in the SIT's possession since June end, when it got them from the government.
Attorney general Mukul Rohatgi sought to ensure that secrecy rules related to bilateral accords, under which the information has been obtained, aren't broken. "According to the term of the treaties, there is a clause of confidentiality. I only request that nothing should be done to impede information from these countries," he said. The bench did not make the names public, merely noting that the information was handed over by the government "voluntarily."
"We do not intend to open it. Now that we have the names, we will send it to the SIT to proceed as per the law. The SIT will evolve its own procedure to hand it over to the IT, CBI etc.," said chief justice of India HL Dattu, who heads the special bench that also comprises justices Ranjana P Desai and Madan B Lokur. The muted tone of proceedings was in contrast with the heated nature of arguments on Tuesday, when the government sought unsuccessfully to get the court to relent on passing on the names. The SIT comprises MB Shah and Arijit Pasayat, both former judges of the top court. The names that have been passed on will only be seen by them, the bench said. The court directed the SIT to submit a report to the court by November end on the progress of its probe.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Black money: Why question the governments integritySearch for:
Black money: Why question the government’s integrity?
October 30, 2014, 4:42 am IST ET Edit in ET Editorials | Economy , Edit Page , Finance , India , Times View , Wealth | ET
113
The Supreme Court demanded that the government pass on the names in its possession of Indians with bank accounts in Switzerland and Liechtenstein, brushing aside the government’s protestations about treaty obligation to maintain confidentiality except in cases where investigations have led to prosecution. This was unfortunate. The government’s affidavits have made it clear that there would be adverse consequences if the names that have been handed over to India are revealed in a manner inconsistent with the treaties under which foreign governments share tax-related information with India. It would hurt India’s ability to join the newly launched efforts for governments to share information with one another on an automatic basis, so as to end erosion of the tax base and profit-shifting by multinational companies.
The court did not just insist on procuring the information without conditions but also made remarks that question the integrity of the government. The court announced that it is taking over the investigation, as nothing would come out of it if it were to be left to the government. For good measure, the court expressed the hope that the government was not interested in protecting anyone. There are three things wrong with the court’s conduct. One, it demeans the executive for no valid reason. Two, it endangers India’s ability to join the newly launched globally coordinated effort to crack down on tax evasion. And, three, by taking over the investigation, the judiciary transgresses into the executive’s turf.
The court has passed on the names of foreign accountholders submitted by the government to the Special Investigation Team on black money, which already has that list. This brings out the superfluity of the court’s demand. On the bright side, it also probably signals the court’s realisation that international commitments on confidentiality should be observed. This is not enough. The court must restrain itself from stepping into the executive’s domain. It does not work and brings discredit, ultimately, to both the judiciary and the executive.
This piece appeared as an editorial opinion in the print edition of The Economic Times.
Characters Remaining: 3000

If all foreign money is black  it has to be the 80s!Search for:
If all foreign money is black, it has to be the 80s!
24
By Anuvab Pal
Many years ago, in a not-very-good 1980s Bollywood movie, star (and later hotelier) Mithun Chakraborty is given a task by Indian intelligence (which in the 1980s always meant a man in asafari suit smoking a pipe always played by an actor named Iftekhar). Chakraborty, the hero, is an Indian spy-and-commando combo, and he has to go to Switzerland and retrieve something called ‘The Swiss Bank Account’. The line of dialogue, “Black money kills more Indians than malaria,” is told to him as inspiration as he sets off. Without the explanation, of course, of how this happens.
In 1980s socialist India, such simplistic narratives had appeal. Rich people with some foreign connection = bad. (Foreigners = villainy.) Middle-class angry Indian hero who is poor = good. Anyone earning money abroad = black money. One could assume to extend the fear of foreigners for comedic effect and suggest that socialist Indian thinking was: the closer you got to India from the West, the whiter the money. So, America = black money, Muscat = grey money, Mumbai = white money.
The ultimate evil, of course, was the country always associated with being the centre of all evil. Those viscous chocolate-loving, watchmaking, punctual, Roger Federer-producing, den of terrorist sin: Switzerland.
So, finally, after fighting ‘bad villains’, escaping in helicopters, chased by machine gun-wielding Swiss guards of bank vaults (who look distinctly Bihari), Mr Chakraborty places before Indian intelligence what he’d fought the Swiss for: the antidote to economic malaria. Anticipation builds. Some patriotic music plays as we zoom into the famed thing.
And then the audience sees what it is: not an account statement, not a locker with bonds and diamonds, not a cheque book, but a box with the words ‘The Swiss Bank Account’. And for good measure, so that you know it is Swiss, it’s marked with a red cross. So, it looks like a kindergarten emergency medical kit. The final words of the hero are, “So, this is where India’s criminals store their millions.” If you watch this movie now, let’s just say that it hasn’t aged well.
After liberalisation and a consistent effort over the last 20 years to make us less scared of foreigners with economic policies basically saying, “Look, they’re human too and they’re driven by the same desires as we are. Breathing, aspiration, food. They nurse their children too. Their goal is not to destroy us and keep our money in medical boxes. Maybe foreigners, polar bears, wolverines and us are not so different after all.”
What that’s done is that the idea of black money has gone from ‘evil, bad’ to… what exactly?
There’s as much chance of unpaid tax money ending up under a mattress, in someone’s gold bangles, in a four-bedroom apartment and in Audis, all of them within 2 miles of your home in India, as there is of it being on a list being passed around currently among India’s supreme powers.
And any time lists show up, one cannot but draw parallels to school. The class monitor doesn’t like you. You were talking. Now you are on a list of some bigger wrongdoing to the principal and you have to defend yourself. Lists, by the very nature of their existence, assume you are guilty even before you’ve said a thing. You don’t have to go as far as the wealthy names revealed. Ask any class V student accused of eating tiffin before lunch-break by the monitor when he wasn’t.
We trade with so many foreign countries now that just the idea of a foreign financial presence suggesting illegality sounds idiotic. Indians have MNCs now that operate in many countries. MNCs operating here have their revenue and profit channelled back home.
We export and import stuff in a more globally interconnected world than ever. Indians can buy foreign financial instruments. Indian real estate businesses own tonnes of properties abroad. Foreigners can buy into our stock market. Indians can legally send money abroad. Indian students can have foreign accounts when they go to college. Then there are the NRIs. All of this routed through a 21st-century global banking system in real time.
To suggest that anyone who has been through a foreign system is definitely doing it to hoard unpaid tax money is similar to saying anyone who has been to see the Taj Mahal is a personal friend of Emperor Shah Jahan.
(For a counterview, read Budapest Business Journal’s ‘India: Black Money and Tax Havens’ at goo.gl/3OFyOJ)
DISCLAIMER : Views expressed above are the author's own.
Characters Remaining: 3000

Not so black and white: Too many myths in the black money debateReviews
Search for:
Not so black and white: There are too many myths in the black money debate, government must take rational action
October 30, 2014, 12:04 am IST Srivatsa Krishna in TOI Edit Page | Edit Page , India | TOI
32
More smoke than light has been generated by the current outcry on black money. Let’s separate the wheat from chaff and start with busting some myths that are parroted by even the most learned commentators as if they were gospel.
Myth 1: ‘Name and Shame is the way to go’. Thousands of Indians go abroad each year to study and work and almost every one of them opens a bank account overseas. Thus, merely having a bank account abroad is neither illegal nor is it a sign of tax evasion. RBI’s general provisions were modified in 2004 to allow Indians not just to have accounts abroad but also to remit money from India to that overseas account. The current limit is $1,25,000 per person, per annum. Therefore, this business of naming and shaming by revealing all the names of foreign account holders is at best puerile and at worst stupid.
This is so because not only will it infringe upon the privacy rights of individuals as guaranteed under the Constitution, but also jeopardise confidentiality clauses of treaties, preventing future access to countries, to investigate genuine tax evaders. No sovereign government will trust the word that’s once breached by another sovereign government. Thus while government can disclose names to the court since the Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement (DTAA) allows for it, it must not do so without gathering prima facie evidence about the names, but not necessarily wait for prosecution to be completed. Submitting the names in a sealed cover would be prudent for the above reasons.
Myth 2: ‘There is a lot of black money out there in the Alps’. Swiss banks and most other tax havens actually pay very poor rates of interest on deposits, often 1-2%. Thus they often are merely temporary holding places before money managers move the money to assets offering more attractive returns, such as real estate with returns of 15-20%. Thus a lot of such ‘black money’ actually comes back into India through what is called ’round tripping’. Evidence from the already disclosed accounts of Indians in the LGT Bank in Liechtenstein, for instance, revealed rather modest amounts.
Myth 3: ‘Black money remains black forever’. As a financial investment destination, India is actually one of the most attractive destinations in the world. If you compare Dow Jones and Sensex’s rise in the past decade, the latter is up seven or eight fold, whereas the former has merely crept up a little from where it was. Thus a lot of the foreign funds come back to India as white money and the $100-120 billion annual portfolio inflows and remittances from abroad are an excellent indicator of this.
Myth 4: ‘Come back all is forgiven’. Another favourite Band-Aid for a cancer patient is the much abused amnesty scheme. Amnesty programmes work when there is a credible signal that, once the amnesty is over, authorities will crack down hard. Sadly, evidence from history suggests this is not the case in India.
The above should cast some light on why bringing back black money will be a slow, long process, not an overnight manna. What government should focus on and crack down hard on are two types of individuals. First, those taxpayers who exploit secrecy laws of offshore jurisdictions in an attempt to conceal assets and income subject to tax by India. They usually use abusive schemes which set up a deceptive non-resident entity as the owner of assets and income. Second, income generated from illegal activities — global terror business, drug running, arms dealing, real estate, hawala transactions, to name just a few — or what can be called ‘blood money’.
Between the two, the latter is infinitely more harmful to India and Indians and these names, if available with at least prima facie evidence, should be made public without delay. Quite unequi-vocally no DTAA applies to the latter, nor should DTAA be allowed to be used as a cloak for further delays or denials.
For about 40-50 countries in the world, offering a favourable tax jurisdiction is legitimate business and they compete for it fiercely in a world full of imperfections including imperfect information and markets. The US used its considerable global economic muscle to make a clever distinction between the interests of the future business of Swiss banks versus the interests of their exis-ting clients. Most Swiss banks have average return on equity of 3-5% and are facing obliteration in the face of competition from others in the Caribbean and Asia-Pacific. Thus many caved in. But India’s global economic muscle and forensic capabilities are not a patch on America’s and as such replicating the same act would be extremely difficult.
Government must bite off only what it can chew, for success in retrieving black money depends as much on international actions and cooperation among sovereign countries as it does on credible action at home. Government can begin by starting prosecution against those against whom it has evidence, which can stand scrutiny of courts, such as the names received from HSBC and LGT. Signal and substance need to go hand in hand to tackle both ‘black’ and ‘blood’ money.
DISCLAIMER : Views expressed above are the author's own.
Characters Remaining: 3000

India ranks 142 in World Bank s ease of doing biz report"Ease of Doing Business" report
(India’s ranking slipped…)
NEW DELHI: India has slipped further on the World Bank's 'Ease of Doing Business' index, at 142 among 189 countries as on June 1 from 134 last year, but the global lender has taken care to distance from this slide the Narendra Modiled NDA government which took charge barely a week earlier and soon set about improving the country's business environment and perception among overseas investors.
"We do not want to send the impression that the drop in India's ranking is connected in any way with the current political situation (government)," Augusto Lopez-Claros, director, Global Indicators Group, Development Economics, World Bank Group said about the latest ranking released on Wednesday. Singapore retained the top spot in the ranking, followed by New Zealand, Hong Kong, Denmark and South Korea.
The NDA government has announced a series of measures to fast-track decisionmaking, reduce regulatory compliance burden and bring down cost of doing business, setting itself the goal of improving India's rank to within top 50 on this widely followed index."World Bank has used the data till May 2014, whereas most measures to improve doing business were undertaken subsequent to that, from June end," a senior government official said.
"We are now making structural changes towards business process re-engineering using a digital platform. Our target must be to come into the top 50. A lot of work has already started. It will be visible in the next year's doing business rankings," added the official, requesting anonymity.
India's ranking slipped even as its score was higher at 53.7, as a result of having undertaken three reforms, since the other countries reformed at a faster pace.
"The current ranking is relative to other countries and depends on the pace with which we take on these reforms. Going forward, India will not just have to improve on several parameters of doing business but also improve faster than other countries so as to improve its position in the overall ranking," DK Pant of India Ratings said.
While India made starting a business easier by considerably reducing the registration fees, it also made it more difficult by introducing a requirement to file a declaration before the commencement of business operations, the report said.
The World Bank has made changes to how the rankings are compiled by increasing the number of indicators and extending the coverage to Delhi, the second largest business city in the country, which has also been taken into account this year along with Mumbai.
There was some good news, too, for India, with the report pointing out that the country follows the largest share of the good practices measured by the new indices introduced to capture protection of minority investors. These are extent of shareholder rights, strength of governance structure and extent of corporate transparency.
"Among 189 economies worldwide, India follows the largest share of the good practices measured by the new indices," the reported noted, putting India at the seventh place.Joshi of Crisil said India should figure higher in the rankings next year as attempts are being made to improve the business environment in the country.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Diesel & petrol prices likely to be cut by Rs 2.50/l ahead of electionsDiesel & petrol prices likely to be cut by Rs 2.50/litre ahead of assembly elections
Rajeev Jayaswal, ET Bureau Oct 30, 2014, 07.04AM IST
Tags:
deregulate
(This will be the sixth consecutive…)
NEW DELHI: Diesel and petrol are likely to be cheaper by about Rs 2.50 a litre soon, which would dampen inflation as diesel rates would be down 11% in less than two weeks, and cheer consumers ahead of assembly elections in Jharkhand and Jammu & Kashmir, government and industry sources said.
This will be the sixth consecutive reduction in petrol prices since August and the first cut in diesel rates after the government deregulated the fuel. The Cabinet on October 18 allowed state oil firms to align pump prices of diesel with market rates and announced Rs 3.37 per litre price cut. Petrol price was deregulated by the previous UPA government in June.
The planned reduction in auto fuel rates in the next few days would bring down petrol prices to a 16-month low and diesel prices to a level where it existed a year ago. The steep price cut is because of a sharp fall in international oil prices. Brent crude dropped to a four-year low of $82.60 per barrels two weeks ago from above $115 in June. It was trading at $87 per barrel on Wednesday.
According to international oil price data, companies are having margins of about $7-8 per barrel on petrol and diesel in the current pricing cycle compared to previous fortnight and the rupee-dollar exchange rate variation minimal, sources said. "But, a definite figure would be known only by the weekend after we get figures for remaining three days.
This could change the average and pump price. According to international oil price data, companies are having margins of about $7-8 per barrel on petrol and diesel in the current pricing cycle compared to previous fortnight and the rupee-dollar exchange rate variation minimal, sources said. "But, a definite figure would be known only by the weekend after we get figures for remaining three days. This could change the average and pump prices would change accordingly,"an industry executive said.
Now, the government is theoretically out from fixing retail prices of petrol and diesel, executives of state oil marketing firms often meet every fortnight to decide pump rates. The next pricing review is expected on Friday or Saturday, where decision of exact quantum would be taken after tacit approval of petroleum ministry.
According to government sources, the election code of conduct may not apply on diesel and petrol price cut as both the fuels are already deregulated and prices are fixed by industry based on fluctuations in the international oil markets.
Sources said the government would direct state oil firms to retain a significant cushion on at least diesel price before announcing the fuel price cut. The cushion, which is expected to be around Rs 1 a litre, will help in holding the pump price of diesel in case its rate spikes in the international market in the first fortnight of November.
 
The NDA government would not like fuel prices to jump during state elections starting from November 25.
Even when the government reduced diesel price on October 18, it had retained a 56 paise per litre cushion to protect the consumer from any sudden jump in volatile international markets. The government had decided to deregulate diesel at a time when companies had started making an over-recovery of Rs 3.56 per litre.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Modest global oil prices unique opportunity to re-haul energy sectorSearch for:
Modest oil prices provide India with a unique opportunity to re-haul the energy sector
11
By Saumitra Chaudhuri
The collapse of crude oil prices since early July is both unexpected and anticipated. Which is why people cannot agree on how long the weakness is going to last. Goldman Sachs has put out a report that sees oil sliding further in early 2015 — $75 per barrel for West Texas Intermediate (WTI) and $85 per barrel for Brent—giving up another $5 per barrel by mid-2015, before stabilising in 2016.
There is a polar opposite view that sees oil prices recovering much sooner, as early as the coming winter of 2014-15, and settling into the $90-perbarrel range.
How can we term the sharp drop from $112 in June and $101 in August to $83 today, as ‘expected’? The answer lies in the widely shared expectation of the last several years that (a) a weak global economy, including slowing demand growth in Asia, (b) surging oil (and gas) output in the US and Canada, and (c) higher efficiencies in usage would combine to eventually break the cartel of the Organisation of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (Opec) and the alliance with exporters like Russia.
But expectations notwithstanding, the break-up of oil prices did not happen, except for a few fleeting days in June 2012. Since hyperbole so often packages the message these days, one could say that the prophecy of the ‘End of the Commodity Super Cycle’ has come to pass.
In what manner is it unexpected? And why should one see a mean reversal in oil prices to $90s per barrel? The answer is twofold. First, the boom in oil exploration in North America, of unconventional oil — tight sands, shale and oil sands — is contingent on strong price support, necessary to catalyse billions of ‘risk’ dollars. If the economic incentive weakens, drilling interest will also weaken, and with a small time lag, incremental supply will tail off and global prices will harden once again.
Psst! It’s War, Oil Goin’ Cheap
It is also unexpected, because the context is all wrong. Review the price chart for the last decade. Every whisper of trouble in West Asia, in the Niger delta and in Russia has led to surges in the price of oil. We now have a virtual civil war in West Asia, with the Islamic State (IS) squaring off against the Kurds, Syria, Iraq and Iran; with Turkey fishing for advantage in troubled waters; with the Gulf states acutely uncomfortable in the middle; and Saudi Arabia focusing on keeping a low profile.
Where a whisper that America may bomb Iran or remember the Niger pirates was good for a $5-10 price lift, the open war in the region today has seen a $30 decline. Surely that runs against the grain?
At the same time, it is worth remembering that oil crossed $70 per barrel for the first time as recently as May 2007; that the forays into the $80s/90s/100s and more was in the 12 brief months before the collapse of Lehman in September 2008. That is, one could argue that the height of oil prices was part of the fever of valuations in the run-up to the crisis.
And that the price recovery into the $100-plus territory in 2011 and 2012 was a desperate bid to bring back days that had passed.
George Friedman wrote an interesting piece for Stratfor, ‘Borderlands: The View Beyond Ukraine’ (goo.gl/6JBVU7), on what he felt the US strategy in Ukraine and Eastern Europe was. Among his observations: “The key move is to… flood the world market with oil.… Washington itself wields the most powerful weapon: The US could reverse its current policy and start exporting oil and liquefied natural gas.… There are many constraints… US companies and oil-producing allies who depend on high oil prices would suffer alongside Russia.”
Oil Off the Boil
It is hard to imagine that the events of the past months are consequent on such a strategy, but it does illuminate a possible part of the dynamic that hitherto has drawn little attention.
But however things turn out in the months and year to come, it does seem increasingly likely that the greater probability is for oil prices to stay soft relative to the recent past: be it at $75-80 or $90s. The fall in prices has allowed the Indian government to deregulate diesel prices with a flourish of a reduction, thanks to the politically painful accumulation of increases of 50 paise a litre.
Go, Dig a Well
As long as oil prices remain modest, there is a window to take a large number of measures: from rationalising the remaining oil subsidies to improving economic conditions. It also extends a window to revitalise exploration and production (E&P) activity. We do not have the most attractive geology. At the same time, a large part of our sedimentary basins have not been surveyed. And as the Barmer oilfield shows, there are discoveries to be had were we to pursue the objective with vigour.
(The author was member, Planning Commission)
For a counterview, read Fortune’s ‘India’s Modi exploits oil price collapse to end diesel subsidies’ at goo.gl/83srdG
DISCLAIMER : Views expressed above are the author's own.
Characters Remaining: 3000

Sena strategy: First portfolios  then support to BJPBJP
(It is still unclear whether…)
MUMBAI: With BJP and its former partner Shiv Sena appearing to take one step forward and two steps back in their alliance talks, it is still unclear whether Devendra Fadnavis will lead a minority government with NCP's support or whether the former allies will get together again.
The Shiv Sena hardened its stance on Wednesday night, after party chief Uddhav Thackeray held a meeting at his residence with top party leaders. A Sena leader who attended the meeting said the party won't approach BJP until the latter gives a proposal on the number of portfolios it was willing to give the Sena. The move comes after MLAs conveyed that Sena should not offer support to the Fadnavis government unless the party is given the list of portfolios something BJP is averse to doing right now.
A section of Shiv Sena leaders has come to believe that BJP is not serious in seeking its support and is "toying" with it. "Every day we come to read different stories in the media. First we read that the BJP is not willing to give us more than four to five ministerial berths. Now we are hearing stories that they want Uddhavji to apologise to Amit Shah and Narendra Modi for the criticism made during the election speeches. By planting such stories it seems they are really not interested in taking support from us," said a party leader.
Any such apology is out of the question, said the leader, who did not wish to be named, adding that the BJP has not said anything in this regard directly to the Shiv Sena in any case.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Shiv Sena praises  Narendra-Devendra  combine but warns BJP on NCPCongress
("It is okay to say that you…)
MUMBAI: A day before BJP takes the reins in Maharashtra, Shiv Sena today praised Prime Minister Narendra Modi and chief minister-designate Devendra Fadnavis , saying the state can expect 'acchhe din' (good days) under them, but cautioned its former ally against accepting NCP's support.
It said that the first big challenge Fadnavis government will face will be the floor test and enquired if the BJP plans to overcome it by resting on the back of Shard Pawar-led NCP as it will raise questions about its credibility.
"You (BJP) have come to power by promising to convert Maharashtra into a corruption free and a Congress-NCP free state."
"You (Devendra Fadnavis) come from the Vidarbha region where the NCP had carried out a huge irrigation scam. By taking NCP's support from the very beginning, questions have arisen on the sanctity of your government," the Sena said in an editorial in its mouthpiece 'Saamna' on the eve of swearing-in of the BJP government.
"The biggest challenge for BJP right now is to prove a majority in the Vidhan Sabha. It is okay to say that you will form a minority government and even manage to run it. But running such a government is against the Constitution.
"(Sharad) Pawar has extended support without being asked for it, but will the (Devendra) Fadnavis government run with the help of Pawar's support?" the Sena said.
Sena, however, expressed pleasure over Fadnavis leading the state and said that it is a matter of pride that Maharashtra is once again being led by Vidarbha and that it is responsibility of Fadnavis to fulfill people's aspirations.
"It should be kept in mind that Maharashtra needs a stable government and a stable CM. The son of Vidarbha's soil will now be leading the government and we believe that he will always keep his feet firmly on the ground.
"The state can now expect 'acchhe din' with Narendra (Modi) at the Centre and Devendra in the state. We welcome Fadnavis as the new chief minister," the Sena said.
After a bitter split ahead of Maharashtra polls, leaders of BJP and Shiv Sena, which remains an NDA constituent, have made conciliatory noises in recent days.
BJP's strength in the 288-member Assembly has come down to 121 after the death of an MLA. Sena has 63 members.
Sharad Pawar's NCP with 41 MLAs has already offered crucial outside support to BJP and said it will abstain from voting if the new government has to face trust vote to prove its majority.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Uncertainty lingers over Shiv Sena joining BJP government in MaharashtraYou are here: Home > Collections
Uncertainty lingers over Shiv Sena joining BJP government in Maharashtra
PTI Oct 29, 2014, 09.30PM IST
Tags:
Amit Shah
(Both BJP & Sena had yesterday…)
MUMBAI: Even as BJP prepared for the inauguration of its first government in Maharashtra, Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray today went into a huddle with top party leaders to discuss the future course of action but there were no signs of the party being in the BJP-led government for now.
A top BJP leader said no talks were underway with Sena and would resume only after the new government is sworn in on Friday.
Both sides had yesterday struck a conciliatory note after state BJP chief Devendra Fadnavis was elected the Legislature Party leader who will be the chief minister.
"Discussions are on within the party. Uddhavji will take a final call (on whether to join the BJP-led ministry)," Sena spokesperson Neelam Gorhe told reporters outside Uddhav's residence 'Matoshree' where he was closeted with senior party leaders Subhash Desai, Anil Desai, Sanjay Raut, Vinayak Raut and others.
A top central BJP leader, when asked if there was any breakthrough in discussions with Sena on the latter's joining the government, said talks would resume only after the oath taking ceremony on October 31.
"No talks (with Shiv Sena) are currently underway. Our whole focus is on making October 31 a grand success. We will resume talks only post that," he told PTI, speaking on condition of anonymity.
Both parties had yesterday shown signs of a rapprochement with Shiv Sena MP and spokesman Sanjay Raut saying, "The blood group of BJP and Shiv Sena is the same."
He had rubbished media reports that Sena was demanding deputy chief minister's post and some key portfolios as pre-condition for a reunion between the former saffron allies.
BJP leadership has been insisting that Sena join the government but without any pre-conditions.
Newly-appointed BJP general secretary in-charge of the state J P Nadda too indicated that the former allies could reunite when he said, "We want that Sena come with us. It is our desire. A positive result will emerge soon."
Meanwhile, BJP sources said a "slim and trim" ministry will be sworn in on Friday.
"Ours will be a slim and trim ministry, unlike the 40 plus jumbo ministry in the previous Congress-NCP regime," a senior BJP leader said.
It is expected that around a dozen ministers will take oath, including state BJP Core Committee members Eknath Khadse, Vinod Tawde, Pankaja Munde and Sudhir Mungantiwar.
BJP president Amit Shah and Union Minister from Maharashtra Nitin Gadkari are expected to arrive here tomorrow and may discuss the probable candidates for the new ministry.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Yes Bank Registers 30% Rise in Q2 Profit on Higher Fee IncomeYou are here: Home Corporates
Yes Bank Registers 30% Rise in Q2 Profit on Higher Fee Income
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 30, 2014 15:54 (IST)
Aviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
New Delhi:
Private sector lender Yes Bank has reported 30 per cent increase in net profit at Rs 482.54 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 on the back of higher income from fee and other sources.
Bank's net profit stood at Rs 371.13 crore for the same quarter in the previous fiscal.
Total income rose to Rs 3,337.97 crore in Q2-FY15 from Rs 2,947.39 crore a year ago, the bank said in a filing to the BSE.
Net interest income grew at 27.4 per cent to Rs 856.4 crore for Q2 FY15 with healthy growth in advances and expansion of NIMs (net interest margin) to 3.2 per cent from 2.9 per cent in Q2 FY14, the company said in a statement.
Also, the bank significantly reduced provisions towards bad loans to Rs 119.51 crore from Rs 179.12 crore a year ago as bad assets were controlled.
Bank's gross non-performing assets (NPAs) stood at 0.36 per cent of the total advances (Rs 222.4 crore) in Q2FY15, over 0.28 per cent (Rs 132.1 crore) a year ago.
Net NPAs were at 0.09 per cent (Rs 53.9 crore) during the quarter under review versus 0.04 per cent (Rs 19.4 crore) a year ago.
"...strong NII, and continued focus on revenue and business diversity leading to a stable increase in non-interest income (NII). The bank continued to deliver steady performance in Q2FY15 maintaining healthy asset quality with meaningful expansion in NIMs," said Managing Director and CEO, Yes Bank, Rana Kapoor.
Yes Bank scrip ended 3.8 per cent higher at Rs 662.70 on Thursday outperforming the Nifty which closed one per cent higher.
Story first published on: October 30, 2014 15:51 (IST)

Caught: Saif makes the moves on the divasCelebrity
Saif's family at a special screening of 'Happy Ending'
The entire cast was present at the screening Saif Ali Khan, Ileana D’Cruz and Kalki Koechlin. Also to support Saif, wife Kareena Kapoor Khan,son Ibrahim, sister Soha Ali Khan and her fiancé Kunal Khemu came along together to enjoy the movie.
Kareena Kapoor Khan came along with Saif Ali Khan. She is doing a cameo in the movie and she was very excited for the movie. She loved the role Saif Ali Khan is playing she revealed in her recent ... more 
Kareena Kapoor Khan came along with Saif Ali Khan. She is doing a cameo in the movie and she was very excited for the movie. She loved the role Saif Ali Khan is playing she revealed in her recent interviews. less 
1 / 30

Universal healthcare plan rollout to cost Rs 1.6 trillionUniversal healthcare plan rollout to cost Rs 1.6 trillion
Aditya Kalra     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 30, 2014  | 16:19 IST
Photo: Reuters
The government's universal health plan that aims to offer guaranteed benefits to a sixth of the world's population will cost an estimated Rs 1.6 trillion ($26 billion) over the next four years, a senior health ministry official said.
Under the National Health Assurance Mission, Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government would provide all citizens with free drugs and diagnostic treatment , as well as insurance cover to treat serious ailments.
The proposed plan would be rolled out in phases from April 2015 and will cover the entire population by March 2019, C.K. Mishra, an additional secretary at the health ministry, told Reuters. When the entire population is covered, it would cost an estimated $11.4 billion annually.
(Reuters)

Bigg Boss 8: Upen Patel becomes the new captainThe task requires both the contenders to choose two partners of their choice who will support them in the task.
By: Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: October 30, 2014 5:12 pm
Classic 80’s number, ‘Aaj Na Chodunga Tujhe’ began the brand new day in the ‘Bigg Boss’ house. Later in the day, Bigg Boss announces captaincy elections and asks the housemates to submit their names with legitimate reasons.
Gautam is the first housemate to volunteer his name, thus becoming the first one to compete in the race to become the next captain of the house. The housemates then select Upen Patel to become the next contender, who would compete against Gautam.
The captaincy task titled, ‘Aaj Na Chodunga Tujhe’ kickstarts with both Gautam and Upen competing against each other. The task requires both the contenders to choose two partners of their choice who will support them in the task. Upen selects Aarya and Ali while Gautam selects Puneet and Pritam.
On the battle ground, both Upen and Gautam are supposed to hold one black pole each, given to them, while the selected partners would try to detach the opposite contender from the pole and drag him towards the given white line. The first person to be dragged towards the white line, loses.
Before the task takes off, Diandra, Praneet and Karishma are seen trying to manipulate Pritam so that he supports Upen’s team. Pritam then asks Praneet for advice as to what he should do. Praneet tells him that he knows Gautam is negative.
During the task, Ali and Arya take just few seconds to drag Gautam to the white line. Puneet is apprehensive to use his physical strength due to his previous tiff where he had hurt Gautam physically. As a result Upen wins the task and is announced as the new captain of the house.
Gautam is then seen talking to himself, about how Puneet could have done better but due to his fear of using his strength he did not perform well, little knowing that Puneet did what he did deliberately. Puneet is later seen telling his co-contestants that he did not play loyally with Gautam as he wanted Upen to become the captain.
Gautam later confronts Puneet and Pritam about what had happened during the task. Puneet admits to Gautam that he could have done better but he didn’t and therefore is guilty about it.
Upen then calls all the housemates in the living area to discuss and reshuffle the house duties for the coming week. He allows people to volunteer themselves as to what they will be comfortable doing. Hopefully, this ensures a peaceful week ahead.

Investors  money: Sebi moves SC against SaharaSebi moves SC against Sahara for non-payment of investors' money
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 30, 2014  | 20:09 IST
Market regulator Sebi on Thursday moved the Supreme Court seeking its direction to Sahara Group to give a time schedule for payment of Rs 47,000 crore to it as directed by the court.
In an application, Sebi submitted that the Group be directed to furnish all details before the court regarding offers it received for its three luxury hotels in New York and London which was put on sale to raise money to be deposited with it to ensure bail for its chief Subrata Roy who has been in jail for around eight months.
The apex court had earlier allowed Roy, 65, to use the conference room in Tihar jail complex to hold negotiations with potential buyers for selling the hotels Dream Downtown and The Plaza in New York and Grosvenor House in London.
Sebi also submitted that court should pass order for selling off Sahara's properties to raise the amount.
The apex court had on August 1 allowed Roy and two directors of his group to use the conference room in Tihar jail complex for 10 days from August 5 to hold negotiations with potential buyers. The time period was further extended for 15 days on August 14. They got 15 more working days on September 8 to finish their task.
The apex court had earlier refused to release Roy on interim bail or parole but had allowed selling of his luxury hotels.
Roy, who was sent to jail on March 4 this year for non- refund of over Rs 20,000 crore with interest to depositors, was asked by the court to pay Rs 10,000 crore to get bail, out of which Rs 5,000 crore in cash and rest of the amount in bank guarantee.
Sahara has raised Rs 3,117 crore which has been deposited with Sebi.
The group, however, has been claiming that it has already repaid money to 93 per cent investors.

Tim Cook:  I m Proud to Be GayThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Slednecks proves MTV learned nothing from BuckwildBy Emily Yahr October 30 Follow @emilyyahr
The cast of “Slednecks.” (MTV)
The last time MTV aired a reality show about out-of-control millennials living in a small rural community, it didn’t end well. “Buckwild” — set in West Virginia and a ratings hit — was abruptly canceled last year after star Shain Gandee died while going “mudding” in his car.
The tragic accident happened off-camera and between seasons, but even MTV realized they couldn’t in good conscience go forward with a show that celebrated wild outdoor antics when one resulted in a cast member’s death. So it was a bit surprising when the network recently announced plans for “Slednecks,” a series that chronicled the tales of a group of hard-partying, heavy-drinking friends in Wasilla, Alaska.
“People think of us as a bit more redneck, more ‘sledneck,’” one cast member says in the opening of the show, which kicks off with a 90-minute special on Thursday night. To drive home this point, the camera continually cuts away to scenes of trailer parks and plumbing-free homes. Plus, dangerous-looking stunts in freezing temperatures, such as “airboating” (a watercraft that can cruise across land) through the snow and merry swims in 12-degree lakes.
Throughout the first episodes, the cast — ranging in age from 19 to 24 — repeatedly proclaim how you have to be tough to live in Alaska, especially when there’s not a lot to do. Then they are guided to engage in the supposedly quintessential Alaska activities they have invented to amuse themselves. A barbecue on a glacier. Driving cars through nearly frozen lakes. Going wakeboarding in frigid water. Taking part in a strip show at the local all-male revue. Drinking games. Doing shots of caribou blood.
“You guys are dumber than a stump,” says Leonard, the stereotypically grizzled old guy who runs the airboat shop and is the boss of two truly dumb dudes, Kelly and Trevor. He confides to the camera he’s pretty close to firing them both, which seems justified when he finds them turning on a huge fan and seeing how far it can shoot them down an ice patch. Leonard rants they could have taken out an eye with flying ice. Kelly and Trevor just giggle.
Trevor calls himself a “fungineer,” building random inventions out of junk, which, later in the season, appears to be a couch rigged up with an engine so they can ride it on the lake. The whole thing is uncomfortably reminiscent of the dump truck the “Buckwild” crew filled up with water to serve as a swimming pool: Let’s all laugh at the stupid and possibly dangerous ways small town folks have fun! Unless it ends in tragedy.
The cast is clearly urged to amp up the drama. The show’s central couple, Sierra and Kelly, constantly fight — luckily, no one is injured when Sierra uses homemade explosives to blow up Kelly’s couch and clothes after they break up. Young people doing stupid things has been in MTV’s DNA for awhile now thanks to the breakout success of “Jersey Shore.” But it seems like a little too soon after the network’s very real reminder of what could go wrong.
Emily Yahr covers pop culture and entertainment for the Post. Follow her on Twitter @EmilyYahr .

Narendra Modi govt can t bring even a rabbit into country: Sharad YadavE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Will tax issues force Amazon to quit KarnatakaYou are here: Home > Collections
Karnataka’s VAT tweaks may force Amazon’s exit from the state
K R Balasubramanyam, ET Bureau Oct 31, 2014, 04.54AM IST
Tags:
Amazon
(The section 8 is about the…)
BANGALORE: Karnataka's commercial taxes department has proposed a set of amendments to its VAT Act of 2003, which if cleared by the legislature, might well signal the end of American e-commerce giant Amazon's business in the state. The department has sought to bring e-commerce firms under the definition of 'dealer' and proposed amendments to sections 8 and 22 of the VAT Act.
The section 8 is about the 'agents' liable to pay tax while section 22 deals with the liability on the part of dealers to register with VAT authorities. If the state government were to accept these proposals and effect changes by pushing through an amendment bill, Amazon may have little choice but to exit Karnataka because the FDI regulations don't allow the Seattle-headquartered firm to register either as a dealer or as an agent.
The e-commerce giant, which reported global revenues of $74.5 billion last year, does not directly sell products in India. Instead it connects buyers and sellers through its portal, amazon.in. It woos local merchants into partnership by offering them nationwide market, modern warehousing and packaging services for their products.Officials said the finance department is vetting the draft amendments sent by the commercial taxes department.
The proposals are yet to reach Chief Minister Siddaramaiah , who also holds finance portfolio, for a final view. His senior party colleague and Congress general secretary Digvijaya Singh has already resisted any moves that will seek to tax e-commerce firms for merely facilitating sale transactions. Karnataka's additional chief secretary K Ratna Prabha, who heads the commerce and industries department, has written to chief secretary Kaushik Mukherjee, urging him to find a solution to the crisis and ensure Amazon does not quit the state.
Amazon is doing business in the state using its warehouse near Hoskote in Bangalore Rural district as the VAT authorities are going slow on cancelling branch certificates they had issued to dealers who have partnered with the ecommerce firm. Congress leader M Veerappa Moily, in whose Lok Sabha constituency Chikkaballapur Amazon's warehouse is located, has expressed his displeasure at the proposed amendments.
"The authorities should understand the business model of e-commerce firms. Amazon, for example, is only a platform. You cannot tax a platform; you can only tax a commodity. No commodity can escape taxation at the appropriate stage of transaction," Moily, also a former chief minister of Karnataka, told ET. "If Karnataka does not want to encourage companies like Amazon, it is shutting out vast business and investment opportunity, and also tax revenues from potential growth in e-commerce business."
Tamil Nadu's finance department, too, is pushing for amendments to its VAT laws to accommodate e-commerce business, but in ways different than that in Karnataka. The VAT authorities in the neighbouring state are pushing for amendments that will require e-commerce firms to share details of transactions carried out through their portals and the dealers involved.
The VAT authorities in Tamil Nadu are not bothered much about the nature of business model followed by an e-tailer as long as tax is paid on sale transactions. Meanwhile, Amazon is building a modern warehouse in Tamil Nadu to serve the Chennai market. Earlier this month, Tamil Nadu's commercial taxes commissioner Rajaraman had told ET: "We will issue branch certificate to dealers partnering with e-commerce firms upon request and expect dealers to invoice transactions. The e-commerce firms, however, are liable to disclose the information about all transactions done on their platform along with details of fulfilment centres/warehouses operated by them."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nifty Rises Above 8200 For First Time  Sensex Scales 27 500You are here: Home Market
Nifty Rises Above 8200 For First Time, Sensex Scales 27,500
NDTV | Updated On: October 31, 2014 11:54 (IST)
IVRCL Allots First Tranche of Shares to CDR Lenders
BSE Sensex and Nifty rallied to fresh highs for the second consecutive day, buoyed by the positive momentum from the recent reform measures announced by the government and higher global markets.
Sensex rose over 350 points to a new high of 27,706 while Nifty surged over 100 points to a record high of 8,275. ( Track shares )
The rupee on Friday rose to 61.35 per dollar versus its previous close of 61.45 as stronger local domestic markets boosted the Indian currency.
The rupee has remained in the 61-62/dollar band despite the dollar's rally against global currencies after the US Federal Reserve's optimistic view about the US economy.
Boosting the sentiment, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley yesterday said India's economy is expected to do better in the second half of the fiscal year to March 2015, adding that he expected to hit his revenue target. Hopes are now rising that the RBI may be able to ease monetary policy as early as its next meeting in December given a slowdown in consumer price growth.
(See: Arun Jaitley Sees Better Growth in Second Half of FY15 )
The rally in Indian markets has also been fuelled by a sharp drop in global crude prices, which have hit a four-year low. The fall in Brent crude means significant savings for the Indian economy, which is likely to narrow both the current account deficit and the fiscal deficit.
Foreign investors have also turned big buyers of Indian equities in the past few sessions after staying away for most part of this month. Yesterday, they bought Indian equities worth Rs 1,257 crore adding to the Rs 755 crore purchase on October 29.
(See: Moody's Welcomes India's Policy Steps, But Wants to See More )
With today's gains, Sensex and Nifty have risen for the ninth time in the past 10 sessions. The sharp gains have made some analysts cautious. "The Nifty has broken out of the 7800-8100 range and could rise to 8300-8350 levels. But it comes with the risk of a deeper correction," says market analyst Ambareesh Baliga.
IT stocks led the gains today on higher-than-expected growth in US economy, the biggest market for Indian outsourcers. Data released yesterday showed US economy grew a better-than-expected 3.5 per cent in the third quarter. Infosys and HCL Tech were up nearly 2 per cent. Banking stocks also gained on hopes of earlier-than-expected rate cuts from RBI. State Bank of India rose 2.3 per cent while HDFC Bank gained 1.7 per cent.
Asian shares ticked higher on Friday as investors cheered upbeat US growth data. Wall Street surged late in the session on Thursday, after data showed surprisingly strong third-quarter U.S. economic growth as the trade gap narrowed. (With Agency Inputs)
Story first published on: October 31, 2014 11:54 (IST)

India ranks 114 on the WEF Gender equality Index; slips 13 places. Like Clean India should Equal India` be Govt`s prioritySilver Member
6 Followers
Yes. Some Indians are too smart to invest in capital investment. End result is same to same. They have to ultimately jump from rooftop of high rise buildings like brokers, financial & market pundits, bankers etc do across the world.
3.41 PM Oct 30th

Maruti looks to create land bank for dealers...Maruti looks to create land bank for dealerships
By Pankaj Doval , TNN | 31 Oct, 2014, 01.00PM IST
Tweet
At present, Maruti has 1,300 sales outlets across the country — by far the biggest amongst all the car makers. 
NEW DELHI: The country's largest car maker Maruti Suzuki has set its eyes on the real estate sector. Flush with over Rs 9,000 crore fund, the company is planning to create a huge real estate bank by buying land across towns and cities that it aims to develop and lease out for dealerships.
Ajay Seth, Maruti's chief financial officer, said the company has mega expansion plans to double its outlets over the next five years as it aims to increase annual sales to 2 million units against the 1.15 million vehicles sold in 2013-14. At present, Maruti has 1,300 sales outlets across the country — by far the biggest amongst all the car makers.
Seth said a big portion of this network expansion will be through Maruti's own land bank which will be spread across the country. "It will be in Tier 1, Tier 2 and Tier 3 cities. A white paper is being prepared on this initiative and actual work will begin soon." He added that "substantial" investments will be required for the real estate push and these are being firmed up now. "We are working on a comprehensive plan."
The trigger for the land purchase is increasing prices across the country, especially in high-potential belts, which impacted profitability of dealerships. Analysts say that automobile dealerships are no more a lucrative proposition with increasing land prices and competition. This is where Maruti plans to step in. By buying the land through its huge cash reserves, the company wants to give a relief to channel partners from the huge real estate cost to ensure that they give full focus on boosting sales and profitability.
Seth said investments in land will be recovered through lease rentals as well as the appreciation in the real estate prices.
Maruti Suzuki generates free cash reserves to the tune of Rs 5,000 crore on an annual basis, even as its capex is around Rs 4,000 crore. Seth said the company is working out ways to deploy the funds in various areas as investment in new Gujarat plant is expected to be made by parent Suzuki, once Maruti's shareholders approve the proposal.

IPAB directs Apple Inc to respond on trademark issueIPAB directs Apple Inc to respond on trademark issue
PTI
Tweet
Chennai, Oct 31:  
Intellectual Property Appellate Board has directed US-based Apple Inc to file its response on a plea by a company in Tamil Nadu seeking to remove ’iPhone’ trademark from the Trademark Registry in India.
The directive was issued by IPAB here on the rectification petition filed by Erode-based iVoice, engaged in intellectual property rights and mobile applications.
iVoice has acquired the IP rights of a pending trademark application (TM1556676 in Class 9) from iVoice Enterprises.
The Board observed that the counter statement was not duly served by the respondent firm Apple Inc in compliance with the IPAB rules.
“The Appellate Board directed the respondent (Apple Inc) to file the application for condoning delay and serve the counter statement to the applicant (iVoice Ventures Pvt Ltd) under intimation to the Registry. The matter was posted on November 20 for reporting compliance of above direction by the respondent and for further orders," a press note issued by iVoice Ventures said.
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

Acche Din: Falling diesel  onion  tomato prices to cut inflationCPI
(There is good news on the…)
PUNE/NEW DELHI: There is good news on the inflation front. Diesel prices are likely to fall 11% in a span of two weeks; onion has dropped to Rs 20 a kg; tomato down to Rs 20 a kg from Rs 60 a few months ago; cooking oil is cheaper, and the outlook for vegetable prices and petroleum products is encouraging.
Trade and industry bodies say food prices are likely to be moderate in the months ahead as vegetable planting has gone up 25%, particularly near big cities, raising hopes that last month's fall in consumer and wholesale inflation would be sustained, although there are worries about the impact of the poor monsoon on prices.
The government has already cut the price of diesel by more than Rs 3 a litre this month, and the fuel is expected to fall another Rs 2.50, bringing it down about 11%. Petrol is already down to a 16-month low as crude prices tumbled from a high of $115 in June to $83 this month before stabilising at $85-$87. This helping tame inflation as well as the subsidy bill and have an overall positive impact on the economy.
"The low fuel inflation will result in Rs 15,000 crore worth of savings on the oil subsidy front compared to the budget estimate. The fiscal deficit target of 4.1% of the GDP which seemed very optimistic during the time of budget looks feasible now", said DK Pant, chief economist, India Ratings. He said government borrowings will be less than budgeted, having an impact on market interest rates, which will spur economic activity in the market.
In September, retail inflation,RBI's key inflation measure, eased to 6.46%, while wholesale inflation dropped to a five-year low of 2.38%, the fourth straight month of moderation led by falling vegetable prices. Vegetable prices are expected to remain low.
"Vegetable production has seen an increase around all metropolitan cities with planting seen an increase of 25%. Next three months prices will be under control," said Shriram Gadhave, president of the Maharashtra based All India Vegetable Growers Association. He said a tomato farmer in Maharashtra was getting less than Rs 5 a kg where-as in retail it was being sold at Rs 40 a kg. "Prices will correct soon," he said. However, some analysts are concerned about impact of this year's weak monsoon.
"As advance estimates have indicated shortfall in kharif harvest, it may affect prices of pulses. So we still need to be cautious on that. Anyway, India does not have enough domestic production, and is import dependent so price sensitivity will be higher", said Aditi Nayar, senior economist, ICRA. She expects average consumer price index (CPI) between 6.5-7% in by January and a little higher by March. She said diesel had a small weightage in CPI but broader impact would be visible with a lag. Fuel and light has a 9.49% weight in the CPI, relatively lower than 15% weight in the wholesale price index.
Food occupies 50% weight in the CPI.Vegetable prices have been falling post Diwali. "In the next three days potato prices will fall by 10-15% as supplies from Punjab begin," said Padam Bhushan, potato trader at Azadpur mandi in New Delhi where it was being sold at Rs 20-25 a kg.
FEATURED ARTICLES

U.S. Feds taper will imply that funding for infrastructure will have to be domestic: RBIeconomy, business and finance
Earlier this month, Reserve Bank’s Deputy Governor Urjit Patel spoke about the impact the US Federal Reserve’s Taper would have on India to The Hindu. The interview was conducted before the Fed’s vote on Wednesday to end its bond buying stimulus, or Quantitative Easing (QE) and at the same time leave unchanged its pledge to keep interest rates in the US at near-zero levels ‘for a considerable time’. When contacted on Thursday, Dr Patel confirmed his views remain unchanged after the Fed’s decision to end the QE.
Q: What will be the impact of the US Fed’s decision to end the QE programme?
India will have to prepare for this normalisation due to which there will be some movement of capital back home to the US. We got a taste of this last year. Since then we have higher reserves, lower current account deficit, easing inflation and we are on a path of fiscal consolidation. There is good news that prices of commodities such as crude, fertilisers, gold and coal , of which India is a big importer, are easing.. There is bad news too if global economy forecasts keep coming down and if the global economy does not break out of the ‘mediocre growth’ that has been talked about.
Q: It is expected that the US Fed will raise interest rates from their current near-zero levels some time in mid-2015. When do you expect it to do so?
The Fed will inevitably be raising interest rates because the US domestic policy goals that inform monetary policy will warrant exit from unconventional policies that have been pursued all along. Asset sales will have to stop which means interest rates cannot remain zero. This was inevitable and at some point had to happen. The US unemployment rates are dropping which is likely to put upward pressure on wages and therefore to keep inflation down to the 2-per cent objective, interest rates will have to rise and monetary policy will have to be normalised.
Q: What will be the impact on India?
For India, the taper will thus imply that the funding for infrastructure will have to be domestic. And, if [Government] policies are aligned—especially on the energy side—we could be surprised by the uptick [in growth]. Policy changes will produce cash flows from projects in the pipeline and that will also crowd in more private investments.
Q: The Reserve Bank’s annual report had flagged the record high in non-performing assets (NPAs) in the infrastrcuture sector and stressed the need for the Government to smoothen out the policy hurdles holding up these projects. What can the Modi Government do?
Also, if one goes behind the numbers on NPAs of the banking system in the infrastructure sector, it is important to note that these assets are real and can quickly bring in cash for the banking system if we just fix two-three thingssuch as power purchase agreements, fuel supply agreements. This should be the main task - to square that circle.
Q: While the US Fed is ending its monetary stimulus -- of ultra low interest rates and supply of funds under the QE programme -- to the US economy, the US Government is said to be considering a fiscal spending push to infrastructure to perk up the gradually recovering American economy. Will it work?
A: We understand that people are talking about the bazooka of increased fiscal spending to fund infrastructure investments and have two comments to make on that: When you are planning on beginning a cycle of raising interest rates it is not a good time for starting publicly driven infrastructure investments. Five to six years ago in 2009 when interest rates were going to be lowered was the right time to do that. That is because when you are exiting from unconventional monetary policy and will be raising interest rates the cost of publicly funded infrastructure projects will rise. We don't think the developed countries have the fiscal room to do this. The US debt to GDP [Gross Domestic Product] ratio is already more than 100 per cent and in addition, they have public spending commitments for healthcare, old age pensions and social security.

Law firm sues RP Martin over Libor billLaw firm sues RP Martin over Libor bill
Caroline Binham, Legal Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/627db228-604a-11e4-88d1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India ranks 156th in tax payment: World Bank reportIndia one of the worst places for paying taxes: World Bank
Mail Today Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 31, 2014  | 12:10 IST
Photo for representation purposes only. (Source: Reuters)
India is one of the worst places for paying taxes and has been ranked 156th out of 189 nations by the World Bank slipping two positions from 2013.
According to World Bank's latest ' Doing Business Report ', the total tax rate in the country can be as high as 61.7 per cent, there are as many as 33 payments under the head of profit, labour and other taxes, and the time taken to comply with taxation requirements could be as much as 243 hours.
In terms of time taken to comply with tax-related work, India ranks better than the South Asian average where it takes 325.3 hours and its emerging market peers such as China (261 hours). India was placed above Brazil (177th) and below Russia (49th) and China, which was ranked 120th.
The United Arab Emirates and Qatar were placed in the first place followed by Saudi Arabia in the third position in the overall ranking.

IFFI to pay special tribute to RichardAttenboroughPrint
British filmmaker Richard Attenborough is best known for his Academy-award winning movie 'Gandhi'.
By: Press Trust of India | Panaji | Posted: October 31, 2014 11:20 am | Updated: October 31, 2014 11:21 am
The upcoming edition of International Film Festival of India (IFFI) will pay special tribute to British filmmaker Richard Attenborough, best known for his Academy-award winning movie ‘Gandhi’.
“Richard Attenborough stands as a very important filmmaker even in India. He gave (the movie) ‘Gandhi’ to the world. ‘Gandhi’ had a pan-global approach. There will be a very special and beautiful tribute to him,” IFFI’s steering committee member Vani Tripathi told PTI here.
Attenborough died on August 24 this year, five days before his 91st birthday. “The tribute would be a very special kind of experience. You will see some snippets and glimpses of Attenborough’s life and him as a filmmaker,” she said. “‘Gandhi’ will remain a focus and also the other works of Attenborough. There are some very important films that he made before and after ‘Gandhi’, they will also be a part of the tribute,” Tripathi said.
IFFI would be held in Goa from November 20-30. The organisers are still working on Attenborough’s tribute section and once it is put together, only then it would be clear whether his family members would be present for the festival, she said. On the presence of big wigs from the Indian film industry for the festival’s inauguration, she said the Information and Broadcasting ministry has contacted megastar Amitabh Bachchan for the opening ceremony.
“Some very senior dignitaries of the film industry are expected to be present. Rajini sir (veteran actor Rajinikanth) is also one of the names in the list… The ministry will issue an official statement as soon as confirmations come,” she said. This year, the festival is very special because Goa has become a permanent venue for IFFI, Vani said. “It is also a matter of prestige for Goa that the Central and state governments will be working in coordination with each other (for the festival),” she added.

@ new life high! Sensex gains over 350 points; top 10 stocks in focusYou are here: Home > Collections
Sensex, Nifty hit fresh record high; top ten stocks in focus
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 31, 2014, 12.10PM IST
("Traders are advised to…)
NEW DELHI: Both Sensex and Nifty rose over 1 per cent each to their fresh respective record highs in trade on Friday, tracking positive trade seen in other Asian markets.
The BSE Sensex rose as much as 400 points to hit its fresh record high of 27,759.01. And, the 50-share Nifty index also rose over 100 points to hit its fresh lifetime high of 8,291.65.
At 12:05 p.m.; the 30-share index was at 27,738.27, up 391 points or 1.43 per cent. It touched a high of 27,759.01 and a low of 27,438.28 in early trade.
The Nifty was at 8286.50, up 117.25 points or 1.44 per cent. It touched a high of 8,291.65 and a low of 8,198.05 in early trade.
"As the Nifty has scaled above 8100 mark decisively, we expect this positivity to extend further in days to come," says Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities Limited.
"And, traders are advised to give preference to banking, metal and select midcap counters for fresh buying," he adds.
Here is a list of ten stocks which are in focus today:
Bharti Airtel Ltd: Bharti Airtel Ltd, India's top telecommunications carrier, reported a more than doubling of quarterly profit, beating street estimates, on higher voice call prices and rapid growth in mobile data usage.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1 per cent lower at Rs 403.50.
CEAT: Tyre maker Ceat reported 7.57 per cent increase in consolidated net profit to Rs 82.35 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2014.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.6 per cent lower at Rs 881.
Ajanta Pharma Ltd: Drug firm Ajanta Pharma reported a 40.88 per cent increase in its standalone net profit to Rs 78.63 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2014, mainly on account of robust exports.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.4 per cent higher at Rs 1920.
Thermax Ltd: Energy and environment solutions provider Thermax said it has bagged a contract worth Rs 321 crore for setting up a captive power plant in Africa.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 4 per cent higher at Rs 920.
Tata Motors Ltd: The Queen has today officially opened Jaguar Land Rover's new £500 million engine manufacturing facility in Wolverhampton, said media reports.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.4 per cent higher at Rs 528.
HCC Ltd: Hindustan Construction Company (HCC) reported a 78 per cent drop in its second quarter net profit at Rs 6.8 crore versus Rs 31.6 crore, in a year ago period.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 3.7 per cent higher at Rs 30.75.
Adani Power Ltd: The Competition Commission of India (CCI) has cleared Adani Power's proposed deal with Lanco Infratech to buy latter's 1,200-MW imported coal-fired power plant at Udupi in Karnataka for more than Rs 6,000 crore, marking the biggest acquisition in India's thermal power industry.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 3.6 per cent higher at Rs 47.40.
Manappuram Finance Ltd: Kerala-based gold loan financier Manappuram Finance Ltd on Thursday said it has signed a non-binding agreement to acquire a majority stake in Asirvad Microfinance Pvt. Ltd (AMPL), said media reports.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 2.1 per cent higher at Rs 32.90.
DLF Ltd: The Securities Appellate Tribunal (SAT) has directed real estate developer DLF to file an affidavit by November 3 stating the purpose for which it intends to use money that has been parked in mutual funds and the amount it requires for running the company till the end of this calendar year.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.4 per cent lower at Rs 123.30.
IDFC: IDFC was up on buying action after getting approval from board members to demerge its financial undertaking into a wholly owned step down subsidiary IDFC Bank, the company said in a filing to stock exchanges.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 3 per cent higher at Rs 153.30.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rupee rebounds to 61.37 on sustained fund inflows  strong equity marketRupee trading weak at 61.41
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 31:  
The rupee was trading a tad weak at 61.41 against the dollar at 4.03 p.m. local time due to dollar's firmness against other currencies overseas.
Increased selling of the American currency by banks and exporters amid sustained foreign capital inflows following a slew of reforms announced by the government supported the rupee but the dollar’s firmness against other currencies overseas capped the gains, dealers said.
After opening strong by eight paise at 61.37 in early trade, the domestic unit hovered in the range of 61.33 and 61.43 in the afternoon trade.
The rupee depreciated by 10 paise to close at a two-week low of 61.45 against the greenback yesterday after the US Federal Reserve kept in place its plans to maintain record low interest rate for some more time.
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

Sensex hits new record-high of 27 645 on sustained capital inflowsSensex zooms 519 points to new record-high of 27,866; Nifty jumps 153 points
Our Bureau/Agencies
Continued buying by foreign funds as well as retail investors, triggered by a series of economic reforms undertaken by the Narendra Modi-led government and strong earnings by blue-chip companies, lifted the key indices to new highs.
Economic reforms, healthy corporate earnings drive the market rally
Mumbai, Oct 31:  
The Sensex and the Nifty touched new record-highs of 27,865.83 and 8,322.20, respectively on sustained fund inflows, driven by a slew of economic reforms announced by the government amid optimism over strong corporate earnings.
The 30-share BSE index Sensex soared 519.50 points or 1.9 per cent at 27,865.83 and the 50-share NSE index Nifty jumped 153 points or 1.87 per cent at 8,322.20.
Brokers said continued buying by foreign funds as well as retail investors, triggered by a series of economic reforms undertaken by the Narendra Modi-led government and strong earnings by blue-chip companies, drove the market rally.
Barring consumer durables, all other BSE sectoral indices ended significantly in the green. Among them, capital goods index gained the most by 2.66 per cent, followed by India infrastructure index 2.38 per cent, oil & gas 2.19 per cent and PSU 2.08 per cent. Only consumer durables index was down 3.18 per cent.
GAIL, Tata Power, HDFC, L&T and Tata Steel were the top five gainers among 30-share Sensex constituents, while Bharti Airtel was the only loser.
Global market
World shares jumped and the yen fell to a seven-year low against the dollar on Friday as the Bank of Japan surprised financial markets by significantly expanding its massive stimulus programme.
In a rare split decision, the BoJ’s board voted 5-4 to accelerate the purchases of Japanese government bonds so that its holdings increase at an annual pace of ¥80 trillion ($725 billion), up by ¥30 trillion.
The central bank also said that it would triple its purchase of exchange-traded funds and real-estate investment trusts (REITs), while sources said the government’s huge pension fund would more than double its holdings of domestic stocks.
For investors, the timing of the moves sent a strong signal, coming right as six years of aggressive US stimulus come to an end and just before the euro zone inflation data that is likely to keep the pressure on the European Central Bank to further ease its policy.
Tokyo’s Nikkei share index jumped almost 5 per cent in its biggest rise since June last year following the BoJ’s move, which it said was a pre-emptive strike at “a critical moment in the effort to break free from the deflationary mindset’’ in Japan.
European stocks opened up 1 per cent and US futures prices pointed to similar gains when trading resumes in New York. Stocks were lifted on Thursday by strong third quarter US GDP data and another round of upbeat earnings.
At 0900 GMT, the FTSEurofirst 300 index of top European shares was up 1.3 per cent at 1,344.18 points, extending a sharp two-week rally, while southern European government bonds also made ground.
Euro zone flash inflation data due at 1000 GMT will provide the next indicator of whether the ECB might feel compelled to step up its support for the bloc's beleaguered economy.
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

Samsung unveils Galaxy A3  A5 handsets in ChinaSamsung unveils Galaxy A3, Galaxy A5 in China to reclaim market share
Se Young Lee     Seoul   Last Updated: October 31, 2014  | 11:59 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Samsung Electronics, the South Korean technology giant unveiled in China two new mid-tier handsets with a premium design as it prepared to deliver a riposte to its low-priced Chinese rivals and reclaim its title as the top brand in the world's biggest smartphone market.
The Galaxy A3 and A5 will be Samsung's first devices to feature fully metal bodies and are the tech major's slimmest smartphones to date. In size, the new models are comparable to those of the top-of-the-line Galaxy S5, though of lesser screen resolution quality.
Samsung said on Friday that it would start selling the Galaxy A3 and A5 in China in November. It classified the phones as mid-tier, and said they would be launched in other "select markets", without disclosing the pricing.
The announcement, combined with hopes for an earnings recovery and bigger dividends, pushed the South Korean conglomerates's shares to a two-month high in Seoul in mid-day trade on Friday.
The news comes a day after Samsung reported its worst quarterly operating profit in more than three years. Earnings from its handset division slumped 73.9 per cent from the previous year.
The tech company said its responses to "rapid shifts in the competitive landscape" were not quick enough. It vowed to revamp its offerings.
"For our mid to low-end smartphones we will enhance product competitiveness by differentiating our displays and materials as well as upgrading camera functionality," Senior Vice President Kim Hyun-joon told analysts on Thursday.
Samsung, which is the world's smartphone leader, is regrouping as it lost market share in annual terms for the third straight quarter in July-September, according to Strategy Analytics.
It has been beaten by Apple's iPhones in the premium segment and undercut by Chinese rivals like Lenovo and Xiaomi at the bottom end.
Samsung will likely accept lower margins going forward to preserve market share and growth volume, analysts said. But most do not expect a firm recovery until mid-2015 at the earliest.
"A lineup change is a costly process, just like re-doing your home interior design," said KTB Investment analyst Jin Sung-hye.
(Reuters)

Tweet from Delhi sends Bangalore Police on job scamtrailPrint
Written by Santosh Kumar R B | Bangalore | Posted: October 31, 2014 11:26 am
A social media alert from a victim in New Delhi informing the Bangalore police of how he was cheated by a fake job placements firm has lead to the discovery of a scam where hundreds of victims had been cheated to the tune of Rs 2.75 crore by agents promising placements.
Police in Bangalore have arrested two persons for luring thousands of unemployed youth from across the country with the promise of securing jobs and cheating them of amounts ranging between Rs 5,000 to Rs 9,000. Two Bangalore residents James, 24, and Mohammed Shakeel, 34, were arrested for the job scam. The owner of the Exalt Consulting and Placement Services firm Shabeer Ahmed and a senior manager Mohammed Azam were reported to be absconding. Police said the firm located in Central Bangalore lured unemployed youths with promise of placements.
A raid had been conducted on the firm after the Bangalore police received an alert from a victim from Delhi. The victim initially reported the scam through a tweet and later sent an email to the Deputy Commissioner of Police (Crime). Based on the tip off a raid was conducted, the Joint Commissioner of Police (crime) Hemanth Nimbalkar said.
The placement service firm collected data regarding educated but unemployed youths from job portals and contacted the youths through emails or telephone calls and convinced them to register with Exalt by paying Rs 5000 to Rs 9000 with the assurance of a job in top software and financial services companies. “No one ever got a job or even an interview call after registering with Exalt,” DCP (crime) Abhishek Goyal said.
When the unsuspecting youths demanded explanations and refunds Exalt would deduct up to Rs 4000 from registration fees and return the remaining amount, the DCP said. Police investigations have revealed that Exalt had cheated 13947 job aspirants since 2011. Seven candidates registered with Exalt got jobs but on account of their own efforts, police said. The firm had collected Rs 2.75 crore from all the job aspirants and refunded only Rs 54,370 to people who demanded refunds.
Following the raids on the job firm this week, the police have seized 35 computers, four laptops, 41 landline sets and two printers from the firm.

High Court upholds Kerala government s ban on liquorHigh Court upholds Kerala government's ban on liquor
Yahoo India –  Thu 30 Oct, 2014
Kochi: In a major setback to bar owners in the state, the Kerala High Court has upheld the state government's "no-liquor" policy. The verdict means over 700 bars in the state will shut down with immediate effect.  
However, there is some relief for four-star and heritage hotels whose licenses will not be cancelled.
The Kerala government had passed an order banning the sale of liquor at bars and hotels below the five-star category and the ban order comes into force Sep 11.
Kerala has a total of 730 bars, of which license of 418 were renewed this fiscal while the remaining 312 will have to shut down at the earliest under the new policy.
From the next fiscal, only the five-star hotels in the state will serve liquor. Also, from Oct 2 this year, all Sunday's will be dry days. Out of the 383 state-owned retail liquor shops, 10 percent will close down each year.
Earlier, the Supreme Court, which was also approached by the bar owners association, had stayed the government's decision till September 30 and said that the exemption to five-stars appeared illogical.
Recommend

Sena shields BJP  says ceremony will wash off sins of NCP-CongSena shields BJP  says ceremony will wash off sins of NCP-Cong
May see NPLs decline in next two quarters: CholamandalamMay see NPLs decline in next two quarters: Cholamandalam
Sensex  Nifty continue record-breaking spree in morning tradeSensex  Nifty continue record-breaking spree in morning trade
Thousands denounce HSBC board member s likening of Hong Kong people to freed slavesThousands denounce HSBC board member s likening of Hong Kong people to freed slaves
Run for Unity  in Mumbai; Fadnavis joins inRun for Unity  in Mumbai; Fadnavis joins in
Buy HDFC Ltd with a target of Rs 1100: Mitesh ThackerBuy HDFC Ltd with a target of Rs 1100: Mitesh Thacker
Hello Markets Enters Partnership With Bullion CapitalHello Markets Enters Partnership With Bullion Capital
J B Chemicals & Pharmaceuticals announces resignation of directorJ B Chemicals & Pharmaceuticals announces resignation of director
Adam_prokfa have you sold all ur holdings to buy @ 1.6 rs..Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

One woman after 7 years of married didnot get baby so as per indian`s ...Silver Member
15 Followers
No I`m not talking about short term, not medium term or long term. 2 days ago it was at 927 levels and people were developing new theories about Reliance Industries`s prospects. However now it`s trading quite well and may go upto 1040 levels. Now one needs to book partial profits at all times as one never knows the nature of the market. So Instead of crying how MA is making millions by fooling investors, one should concentrate on the company and not the man. Tata Steel was once at 198 levels when People wrote it off, now it`s nearing 500 levels. Same with Infy, BPCL etc. For a company like Reliance which has maintained strong earnings quarter after quarter, one can start buying when no one is inclined to buy. As they say Buy from pessimist and sell it to optimist and be a realist. Besides Reliance should not be compared with something like DLF whose earnings keeps on plummeting every quarter.

All targets achieved in lt...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Coalgate: Delhi court grants bail to former coal secretary  4 othersCoalgate: Court grants bail to ex-coal secretary, 2 govt officials
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 31:  
Former coal secretary and four others, including two serving government officials, were today granted bail by a Special Court in connection with a coal blocks allocation scam case.
The five accused, including H C Gupta and two senior serving government servants K S Kropha and K C Samaria, appeared before the court in pursuance to the summons issued against them and sought bail in the case.
After hearing the arguments, Special CBI Judge Bharat Parashar granted bail to all the accused.
Besides Gupta, the then Joint Secretary, Kropha, and the then Director (Coal Allocation-I section), Samaria, Managing Director of Madhya Pradesh-based firm Kamal Sponge Steel and Power Ltd Pawan Kumar Ahluwalia, Chartered Accountant Amit Goyal and authorised representative of the company, appeared before the court.
All of them were already summoned as accused for offences under Sections 120-B (criminal conspiracy), 409 (criminal breach of trust by public servant) and 420 (cheating) under the IPC. Only Gupta has been summoned before the offences punishable under the Prevention of Corruption Act.
The court had summoned them as accused in the case, while refusing to accept the closure report filed by CBI in the case pertaining to alleged irregularities in the allocation of coal blocks to Kamal Sponge Steel.
The court had yesterday allowed CBI to carry out further probe in the case, saying that the agency may place records of the case before the authorities for grant of sanction to prosecute the public servants.
The court had also asked CBI to file a progress report of its further investigation on December 15 and said the agency should be at a liberty to probe any other aspect of the matter if found necessary by it.
On October 13, the court had summoned six accused, including Gupta, Samaria, Kropha and Kamal Sponge Steel.
CBI’s closure report
Refusing to accept the CBI’s closure report, the special court had observed that the probe carried out by it was “sketchy” and its conclusion “apparently wrong’’.
The court, in its detailed order had noted that no cognisance of offences under the Prevention of Corruption Act could be taken against Kropha and Samaria for want of sanction as they are still in government service.
The case pertains to alleged misrepresenting of facts, including inflated net worth, by Kamal Sponge Steel to acquire Thesgora-B/ Rudrapuri coal block in Madhya Pradesh.
According to CBI, the company had allegedly given false statement about its annual turnover for two financial years i.e. 2004-2005 and 2005-2006 in their application form, while applying for coal blocks allocation.
CBI had earlier told the court that the officials of KSSPL had furnished an unaudited balance sheet and had allegedly inflated its capacity to produce sponge iron by 25 per cent.
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

Jama Masjid s Bukhari sparks row  sends invite to Pak s Nawaz Sharif  not ModiNarendra Modi not on Syed Ahmed Bukhari guest list for son's ceremony, Nawaz Sharif in
PTI | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 31 2014, 08:00  IST
Oct 31 2014, 08:00  IST
 

Humiliated  Sena to boycott BJP swearing-inE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

India slips further in ease of business rankingUpdated: October 29, 2014 23:42 IST
India slips further in ease of business ranking
PTI
economy, business and finance
However, the latest World Bank ranking does not take into account the latest slew of measures taken by Modi Government to make India a business friendly destination
India ranked 142 among the 189 countries surveyed for the latest World Bank’s “Ease of Doing Business” report released on Wednesday, a drop by two places from the last year’s ranking, as Singapore topped the list.
The fall in ranking from last year’s 140 is mainly because other nations performed much better, Bank officials said. India’s ranking originally stood at 134 last year, but was adjusted to 140 to account for fresh data.
In the 2014 report, India had 52.78 points and this year it scored 53.97 points.
The latest ranking, however, does not take into account a slew of measures taken by the Modi government to make India a business friendly destination.
“We do not want to send the impression that the drop in ranking is connected in any way with the current political situation [government],” said Augusto Lopez-Claros, Director, Global Indicators Group, Development Economics of the World Bank Group.
“It is absolutely true that the new government of Mr. Modi has made it very clear that they see the creation of a better investment climate and a more business friendly environment in India a top priority. However, it is important to remember that the new government did not come into office until the second half of May,” he said.
Appreciative of the steps taken by the new government, World Bank officials said that there was a very high likelihood of India significantly jumping up the ladder in the next report.

Did the Federal Reserve s $4 tn experiment workDid the Federal Reserve's $4 trillion experiment work?
AP Oct 30, 2014, 11.08AM IST
Tags:
(Launched during the financial…)
NEW YORK: The $4 trillion experiment is over.
The Federal Reserve announced the end of its economic stimulus known as quantitative easing on Wednesday. Launched during the financial crisis in 2008, it was an unprecedented effort aimed at reviving a dormant economy through buying trillions in bonds. It also provoked a political backlash.
Q: Did the stimulus work?
A: It depends on who you ask. But many economists say the Fed accomplished the bulk of its goals. In the beginning, the Fed just wanted to stop the financial crisis from getting worse. It's impossible to know what would have happened without the Fed's help. But buying mortgage bonds, which many considered toxic at the time, arguably prevented more banks from failing and breathed life into frozen lending markets. The first round of quantitative easing was a rescue program. The second round, called QE2, was met with heated criticism.
Q: Why did people have such strong opinions about it?
A: Politicians, investors and even well-respected economists said pumping all that money into the banking system would cause the dollar to plummet and result in rampant inflation. They also feared bubbles in financial markets that would soon pop.
Q: What happened?
A: Since August 2010, when Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke argued for a second round of stimulus, the dollar has gained strength against major currencies and inflation has stayed tame. One widely used measure, the dollar index, has bounced around over recent years, but is currently 3 per cent higher. Over the past year, overall prices have climbed a modest 1.7 per cent .
Q: What has happened to the stock market since then?
A: If you made a bet on the stock market when Bernanke made his speech in the summer of 2010, your investment doubled. The most widely used benchmark for investment funds, the Standard & Poor's 500 index, has returned 101 per cent since then, powered by a stronger economy, higher spending and record corporate profits.
Q: So now the Fed owns $4 trillion in bonds. Does it have to sell them?
A: No, they can sit on them. Some analysts wonder how the Fed will be able to unload its massive collection of bonds without disrupting markets. Very, very slowly, is the Fed's answer, and only if needed. One way is to stop re-investing money from bonds when they mature.
Q: What will the end of QE mean for markets?
A: Many investors expect more turbulence over the short term. In the bond market, the Fed's efforts have helped keep prices high and yields low. But there are plenty of other reasons besides the central bank's actions. Low long-term interest rates reflect sluggish economic growth, so slowdowns across the industrialized world mean government borrowing rates in Japan and Germany are even lower than U.S rates. As a result, foreign banks and investors keep buying US bonds - which has tugged rates lower and kept the yield on the benchmark 10-year Treasury note well below 3 per cent for most of the year - the opposite of what market strategists expected.
Q: What about the stock market?
A: The big question for stock investors is: When will the Fed start hiking its benchmark lending rate? The move is expected to come at some point next year. Investors say more sharp swings in stocks are likely as that day draws closer. But there's general agreement on Wall Street that the central bank will increase rates slowly enough that it won't derail the US economic recovery.
FEATURED ARTICLES

South Korean shares  won fall on Fed outlook; Samsung Elec ralliesSouth Korean shares, won fall on Fed outlook; Samsung Elec rallies
By Reuters | 30 Oct, 2014, 12.08PM IST
The Korea Composite Stock Price Index (KOSPI) shed 0.11 per cent to close at 1,958.93 points, but pared losses of around 0.9 per cent by late morning.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SEOUL: South Korean shares closed lower on Thursday in response to a slightly more hawkish policy tone by the U.S Federal Reserve, but were off session lows after Samsung Electronics rallied on hopes of a near term turnaround in fortunes.
The Korea Composite Stock Price Index (KOSPI) shed 0.11 per cent to close at 1,958.93 points, but pared losses of around 0.9 per cent by late morning.
The main bourse found some support as Samsung Electronics , the largest listing on the KOSPI by market capitalization, rallied 4.5 per cent on optimism of a fourth-quarter turnaround in the tech giant's fortunes.
The South Korean won fell on Thursday, as the dollar rallied broadly on the back of hawkish undertones in the Fed's description on the state of the U.S economy.
The local currency was quoted at 1,055.5 to the dollar at the conclusion of onshore trade, compared to Wednesday's close of 1,047.3.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

India has a leader who leads by example: Richard BransonIndia
(If we can get the British…)
Calling Richard Branson busy would be stating the obvious. But for the owner of a conglomerate that controls an airline group, a telecommunications company, a seller of holidays and one which is planning to operate commercial space flights, he looks surprisingly laid-back. Branson has just returned from Mexico City — where he was discussing 'drug mafia wars' with the mayor — to celebrate Virgin Atlantic's maiden flight with its brand new Boeing Dreamliner 787-900 to Atlanta. He cracks jokes about his businesses, his colleagues and his rivals at British Airways. He says his friend Tony Fernandes wants him as a stewardess in AirAsia India and that he is "considering the offer".
Branson had actually dressed up as a stewardess in an AirAsia X flight in 2012 after losing a bet on the results of Formula One racing. Branson is perhaps one of the prime examples of tycoons who are brand ambassadors of their own businesses, an image Vijay Mallya of Kingfisher Airlines tried to replicate. Branson's Virgin Group hasn't expanded in India as much as many would have expected it to. His airline will stop flying to Mumbai in December, one of the two flights it currently operates to the country, as it isn't making money. This is a far cry from his plans to invest $300 million in the country, which he announced after a song and dance affair and a ride atop elephants in Mumbai in 2012.
The airline's plans changed last year after it shifted focus to transatlantic routes, especially as a result of its partnership with Atlanta's Air Delta, forged in 2012. Branson's Virgin Mobile, which has an equal partnership with Tata Teleservices for its India operations, also hasn't grown from being a fringe player in the market. In an interview with ET's Anirban Chowdhury, Branson speaks about his optimism about the Indian market, his views on the Jet-Etihad combine and his sympathy for Mallya. Edited excerpts.
Do you think the change in government makes for a better business environment in India?
The impression from there is very positive. India was doing so well and then it languished for 3-4 years. Now it does seem that it will get back on track to doing really well. It is great to have someone in charge who has business experience. I am biased, but I think that helps. I think it's fantastic to have a leader who's trying to stamp out corruption. I think corruption rots society, especially if it starts from the top and goes all the way down. Now, you have a leader who leads by example. So (I am) very hopeful that India will welcome competition which is good for the consumer.
Does it encourage you to bring more of your businesses to India?
Certainly, it encourages me to do so. We will certainly be looking at India again and thinking what else we can do there. I am sure we will be trading a lot more with India in the future. We are putting a brand new $124 million plane (Boeing Dreamliner) in Delhi. So that's a good start.
Your 'look West' policy, so to speak, has you taking capacity out of the east. Don't you think it will be too late to expand there when you finally look at it again, especially with the growing dominance of Gulf carriers?
If we can get the British government to be brave and build extra runways at Heathrow, we will definitely do a lot more expansion in the east. For every slot that we need for a profitable route, we have to give up another route —that's really sad. I would much rather have stuck with Mumbai longer, especially at a time when India came out of its recession. But we had to move that slot somewhere else, and so we moved it somewhere else. But we will be back in Mumbai some day.
 
Overall, do you think the might and aggression of the Gulf carriers are a threat to western carriers?
I think Virgin Atlantic has got a very, very loyal following. We have about 50 planes to a Gulf carrier's 500 planes. On the specific routes that we fly, we still get our fair share of customers. People like our product. What the Gulf carriers have done is incredible. But we want competition and we will fly alongside them on certain routes.
One of your partners Etihad Airways (Virgin Australia) has picked up 24% stake in India's loss-making carrier Jet Airways. Do you think it will be able to turn Jet around, going by what it's done for your airline yet?
I don't know enough about the details of the deal. Etihad has very deep pockets, but at the end of the day, it's answerable to its shareholders. Jet is a good airline. So, my instinct is that they may well pull it off. There is a very aggressive new lowcost carrier in India. I have known them for a few years. They took care of Virgin Atlantic when we first came there. And they are going to give people a run for their money. So, Jet's got formidable competition, but we will see what happens.
Do you mean AirAsia or IndiGo?
I mean IndiGo.
Vijay Mallya is often compared to you. He isn't going through the best phases of his business. His airline is grounded and his liquor businesses are in heavy debt. Any words for him?
It's obviously sad to see people stumbling. I am sure he (Mallya) will learn from his mistakes and pick himself up and tries all over again. I wish him and anybody who stumbles, well.
No comment on the comparisons?
Well, he's got a beard... (laughs)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Amazon s strategy for India: Stick to the concept of sister siteAmazon
(Even as those operations…)
It's been 16 months since Amazon, the $75 billion American e-tailer, launched a full-f ledged online marketplace in India. It's been three months since its founder Jeff Bezos committed $2 billion of investments to its Indian operations. Even as those operations add new products, suppliers, warehouses and employees, Bezos is not letting go of the earlier life that marked Amazon's entry into India.
Amazon made a soft launch in India in February 2012. It dusted out a property it had bought in the US way back in 1998, Junglee, and launched it in India as a price-comparison website: users could compare the price of, say, a washing machine across not just online stores but also offline ones. As it waited on regulations, as it prepared the ground for a hard launch, Amazon used Junglee to test the waters, and observe online habits of Indians. Amazon is now immersed in those waters, but it's not giving up Junglee.
In fact, it's taking its sister site -- the two share infrastructure - to the next level, tailoring it to flank its main marketplace (amazon.in). Amazon has not adopted this double-play strategy in any of its other 12 markets. It's a strategy none of its rivals in India have adopted. "Comparison shopping sites have not worked globally," says Niren Shah, managing director, of Norwest Venture Partners, a venture-capital fund. "But Amazon faces tough competition from local players and is now using Junglee as a flanking strategy - a test platform to try out categories and products before offering them on amazon.in."
Some of the progress made by Junglee in the past few months offers a glimpse into Amazon's larger gameplan for it. From just Yellow Pages kind of listing and price comparison, Junglee now also enables transactions, including from websites that compete with amazon.in. From leaving the buyer and seller to connect with each other, beginning October 8, Junglee began offering them Amazon's payment gateway to make things easier. And a big - and visible - lister of products on Junglee is its big brother, amazon.in.
The Bigger Picture
Junglee has 102,300 sellers - about eight times the number on amazon. in. Of these, only about 2,300 have an online presence and most compete with amazon.in: for example, Jabong, Myntra, Limeroad, Quikr and Lenskart (Flipkart and Snapdeal are absent). Amazon accommodates its online rivals on Junglee (for free) because it adds to its value proposition, it gives it a vantage point to observe and make some money out of them (5-15% of the sale price, if a transaction is made). For online retailers, Junglee is another window for potential buyers. In fact, a seller of baby products who did not want to be named says Junglee's comparison-shopping feature makes "being on it a necessity" even though under 5% of his sales came from here.
Of the 250,000 visitors who come to the website of online furniture retailer Fabfurnish daily, about 5,000 come via Junglee. "Our referrals have tripled in the last one year. But in absolute terms, it's very small," says Vikram Chopra, co-founder & CEO. "We believe Junglee will become relevant as more furniture players enter the market."
For Amit Agarwal, country manager of Amazon and who also oversees Junglee, the offline piece is what gives Junglee its main relevance. He trots off statistics: more than 90% of retail in India is unorganised; e-commerce accounts for less than 1% and organised retail is just 8% of the $500 billion Indian retail sector. "Via junglee. com, we are trying to organise retail in India, and bring offline stores to list online," he says. "(The idea is) to eventually help consumers buy anything, anytime, anywhere and for sellers to expand their market reach." The big marketplaces like amazon. in, Flipkart and Snapdeal allow only those sellers who are capable of doing business online. Junglee is different in that it also allows sellers who operate only in the offline mode.
Typically, they are very small and uninitiated in the business ways of the Internet. Being on platforms like Junglee gives them additional reach and a feel of the online space. Say, a buyer in Koramangala in Bangalore, after some comparisonshopping on Junglee, decides to buy a Micromax A116 phone. Junglee presents him a list of sellers -- online, offline and individuals - stocking this model, their prices and location. "He will be directed to online stores and physical stores in his locality (Koramangala)", says Mahendra Nerurkar, who heads Junglee in India and reports to Agarwal. "He will have the option to connect directly with the physical store via contact details on the site." Both Agarwal and Nerurkar hope, in time, such offline buyers will come online.
The Amazon Picture

Rakesh Sarna: Man with an innovative turnaround plan for Indian HotelsIndian Hotels
( For the last 11 years,…)
Rakesh Sarna describes Tata Group chairman Cyrus Mistry as a "man of few words". When they met in Bombay House to discuss the prospect of Sarna taking charge of the group's hotel business, those few words were enough for this hotel industry veteran. But it wasn't an easy decision, not before he took it, not after he took it. In his first media interview since taking over as managing director and CEO of Indian Hotels, Sarna talks about "stepping out of his comfort zone". There he was settled in Chicago, 57 years of age, his entire working life of 35 years spent in one company, Hyatt Hotels, where he had risen to manage its portfolio of 383 properties across the Americas. His two daughters from his first marriage were in the US.
Life was good with his second wife and "four-legged son" (a golden retriever). And here was Mistry, asking him to move back to a country in which he had only shuttled in and out, and worked for all of seven months in his 35-year career (though he did oversee Indian operations for seven years). Here was Mistry asking him to bring his considerable knowledge, and experience in this business to revive a name that was once the marker in the Indian hotel industry but had, in recent years, become a captive of its own weight. For the last 11 years, under Sarna's predecessor, Raymond Bickson, Indian Hotels had embarked on a buying and building spree.
That had seen it make eight acquisitions, six of them outside India, which largely powered a revenue growth of 4.5 times. But this was accompanied by a three-fold increase in debt, which became even more punishing when the hotel industry slumped because of a poor economy and the oversupply of rooms. But then this was Indian Hotels. This was Taj. This was 110 years of sepia-tinted history. This was one of the reasons why Sarna fell in love with hotels as a kid. The child grew up, and that infatuation evolved into admiration. "Taj always struck me as an organisation that was very warm and caring, it had an aura of nobility," he says. Today, it was asking to be cared for. For the last six years, Indian Hotels had posted losses at the operational level. Sarna was sold on the operational latitude that Mistry was promising him and the prospect of heading a public listed company, that too the Taj. He also carried some sense of continuity.
"They both (Hyatt and Taj) work very hard to keep their people at the centre of everything they do." Fifty-seven days into his tenure, Sarna offers a glimpse of how he plans to work to try and lift Indian Hotels -- as a business, as a balance sheet, as a brand and as an institution. His gameplan appears to be different from what Indian Hotels has followed in recent years. If Indian Hotels under Bickson chased growth and stretched itself, Sarna expects to be contained and calculative. If operations and decision-making under Bickson had come to be defined by centralisation, Sarna wants to redistribute power down. "He has already met us, which gives us a sense of confidence in our business," says VS Champawat, who owns two Indian Hotels properties, in Ahmedabad and Jodhpur, under its Gateway brand.
"It also means faster decisions, expansions and more investments. He wants a profitable and quality business." Power To The People "I have been brought up around the theme that our colleagues and associates are the true guardians of our brands," says Sarna. "They face the guests." In the context of the business, Sarna is looking to position the unit general manager (GM) in Indian Hotels -- about 125 of them -- as the most important person. Typically, aged 35-45 years, these unit GMs are in charge of a property and the custodian of the company's values there. Sarna wants to treat each hotel as an independent revenue and profit centre, and give full execution responsibility for this to the unit GM.
 
"The GM understands the customers the best," says Sarna. Speaking on the condition of anonymity, a GM at a large Taj property says that, over the years, though the buck for performance stopped with him, he did not have as much control over decision-making as he would have liked. "Indian Hotels has a highly centralised and large corporate function with various SBUs (strategic business units)," adds Siddharth Thaker, managing partner of Prognosis Global Consulting, a hotel consultancy. According to Thaker, a hotel GM should be responsible for revenue generation, cost management, service delivery and guest satisfaction.
"Earlier, at Indian Hotels, only two services were aligned to the GM, service delivery and guest satisfaction," he says. So, for example, he adds, if a GM needed to change a service contract or fire an F&B (food and beverage) manager, he would have to go through the corporate office. Although Sarna declined details -- "I am only 57 days old", he says -- he recently met all GMs in a town hall, and in small groups in his first week.

Cipla asks govt to revoke five patents held by NovartisYou are here: Home > Collections > Cipla
Cipla asks government to revoke five patents held by Novartis
Soma Das, ET Bureau Oct 30, 2014, 04.39AM IST
Tags:
Cipla
(Cipla, India’s fifthlargest drugmaker by…)
NEW DELHI: Cipla, India's fifthlargest drugmaker by revenue, has asked the government to revoke five patents that Novartis holds on respiratory drug Onbrez and launched its generic version of indacaterol at a fifth of the price, triggering another confrontation between an Indian generic company and a foreign innovator firm. The domestic drugmaker asked the Department of Industrial Policy & Promotion to cancel the patents on the ground that the Swiss company has held them for six years without making the medicine locally or importing it in the quantity that's required.
It alleged that Novartis imports only about 54,000 units annually, depriving 99.9% of the 1.5 crore people in India who need the drug. "Novartis' products do not satisfy even 4,500 patients an nually and our feedback shows the product is urgently needed by the doctor and patient community," said a Cipla spokesperson. An email sent to a Novartis India spokesperson went unanswered.
Cipla's move is likely to open a new front in the ever-expanding conflict between Indian drugmakers and multinationals that goes back several decades. It's also likely to become a test case for similar instances. "This case will open Pandora's box. The government will be forced to take notice of all such cases where MNCs are holding on to patents but not launching or selling very little of their patented products. The government will have to take a stand on how it should monitor the situation," said the patent head of another top generic firm who didn't want to be named.
A senior executive at a multinational drugmaker said a company can't be forced to sell its products in any market. "It's a decision based on many factors, including commercial reasons," he said. Foreign innovator or original research companies believe that Indian drugmakers take advantage of the country's weak patent laws to launch cheaper version of their drugs, depriving them of legitimate profits.
Indian drug companies say they function within the law and by manufacturing cheaper versions they keep drug prices and healthcare costs low not just in the country but in other parts of the world as well. The government contends that India's patent laws comply with international requirements and have been designed to meet the objectives of availability, accessibility and affordability.
Many of these disputes end up in court and industry experts expect Novartis to legally challenge the launch of Cipla's generic version. Some of the high-profile innovator-generic patent battles currently going on in Indian courts include Cipla versus Swiss drugmaker Hoffman La Roche over lung cancer drug Tarceva (erlotinib); Natco Pharma vs American firm Bristol-Myer Squibb over cancer drug Sprycel (dasatinib); Glenmark and five other generic drugmakers vs US firm Merck Sharp & Dohme over diabetes drug Januvia (sitagliptin).
Cipla has launched its indacaterol generic, a chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) drug, under the Unibrez brand in some parts of the country. An industry executive said the medicine was priced at about Rs 130 per pack of 10 pills, compared with Onbrez, which sells for Rs 677. A Cipla spokesperson confirmed the launch and said "Novartis' product is over 400% more expensive than Cipla's product". Interestingly, Cipla's chief executive Subhanu Saxena joined the company from Novartis, where he led its global product strategy and commercialisation functions.
In its appeal to DIPP last week, the Indian drugmaker demanded that Novartis' patents on the drug be revoked under Section 66 of Indian Patents Act. This allows the government to strike down a patent if it concludes that it has been exercised in a manner that doesn't benefit the state or public. Cipla argued that by not manufacturing the drug locally and importing only limited quantities through Indian licensee Lupin, Novartis was making"mischievous use of its patent rights", which is "detrimental to public" interest.
 
It also urged the government to consider COPD as an epidemic worthy of being qualified as a "public health crisis" as it claims 50 lakh lives annually in India, which is more than the toll from HIV-AIDS, malaria, cancer and tuberculosis.
Cipla also accused Novartis of "ever-greening", or seeking to extend its monopoly, by filing five patents for the "same or similar substance". In 2013, Novartis lost a bitterly fought patent war over cancer drug Glivec with the Indian government, when the Supreme Court turned down its plea on the ground that the substance it was seeking to patent did not enhance therapeutic efficacy over existing drugs.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Pharma companies hope to post double-digit growth this fiscalformulation packs
(Analysts say the 18.8% growth…)
HYDERABAD: India's pharmaceutical industry hopes to post double-digit growth this fiscal following the drug price regulator's decision to scrap its July order to cap prices of 108 formulation packs of anti-diabetic and cardiovascular drugs.
Analysts say the 18.8% growth in September compared to the year-ago period, the highest in recent months, has raised hopes of a better performance than last year. Sales revenue grew 9% in 2013-14. "The growth rate will be 12-14% for the current financial year,"said Alok Dalal, analyst with Motilal Oswal securities.
Drug makers had suffered a steep fall in sales revenue last year after 348 drugs were included in the National List of Essential Medicines (NELM) to a list of 74 drugs till May 15, 2013.
According to analysts, ector reported a healthy growth in September on account of a low base and high contribution of volume growth in both NELM and non-NELM drugs. Though there was significant growth in therapies across segments, revenue from acute therapy drugs grew two to four times while chronic therapy drugs saw growth of up to two times compared with the year-ago period.
Analysts attribute the sales revenue growth of acute therapy drugs at 19.8% in September, highest since April 2013, to seasonal spike, benefits of lower base in 2013 and benefits of price rise in April 2014.
Within the acute therapy drugs category, respiratory drugs segment witnessed a strong turnaround with 28.6% growth in September after sliding over the past five-six months,said Surajit Pal, analyst with Prabhudas Lilladher, in his latest report last week. In September, the domestic pharma market grew to Rs 80,500 crore while the monthly sales stood at Rs 7,740 crore.
According to Pal, the industry saw broad-based growth in September, when 46% of the companies in top 50 and 45% therapeutic areas surpassed the industry growth rate.
"Incrementally, non-NLEM drugs contributed 91% of growth in formulation sales in September 2014. We believe benefits from withdrawal of price cap in cardiac and antidiabetic drugs have partially helped increase growth of non-NLEM drugs,"he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Indian drugmakers asks US to restore faith in new trade policyYou are here: Home > Collections > Ipr
Indian drugmakers asks US Trade Representative body to restore faith in new trade policy
Soma Das, ET Bureau Oct 30, 2014, 04.31AM IST
Tags:
Drugmaker
(Indian Pharma Alliance,…)
NEW DELHI: Leading Indian drugmakers have urged the US Trade Representative's Office to recognise the renewed business confidence in Indian economy after the new government has taken over and appreciate that some concerns on India's intellectual property policy climate and its judiciary are 'overstated' and 'misplaced'.
Indian Pharma Alliance , a grouping of top domestic drugmakers, in its latest submission has urged the USTR to consider submissions of many American firms across sectors, which hold a positive view of India's IPR regime besides taking note of the series of steps the new government led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi is taking to strengthen the climate for innovation.
The USTR, under its annual "Special 301" Report on the adequacy and effectiveness of trading partners' protection and enforcement of IPR, has been reviewing whether India's IP regime has deteriorated enough to warrant a downgrade in its status to 'Priority Foreign Country.
The downgrade will allow the country to impose trade sanctions on India. Early this year, the USTR deferred a decision till autumn to downgrade India, only to restart an 'out-of-cycle' review after Modi returned. A USTR statement, however, added that the US will not revisit India's designation in 2014.
"The overwhelming electoral mandate to Prime Minister Narendra Modi in the 2014 elections in India heralds an opportunity for decisive governance that augurs well for reinvigorating economic growth in India as well as global investment and trade partnerships," said a IPA submission to USTR.
Citing Abbott's recent decision to set up a plant as well as Gilead Sciences' decision to tie-up with seven Indian companies to manufacture Sofosbuvir (SovaldiTM), IPA said "US pharmaceutical companies are forging ahead with their investments and partnerships in India".
"We are aware of the vociferous complaints about India's patent law and policy by some in the US pharmaceutical industry. It is important to note that, their views are not universally shared as is clear from the submissions made to the USTR during the 2014 Special 301 Review and elsewhere" IPA said citing submissions of US firms Boeing, Honeywell Inc and Corning Inc.
Allegations similar to those made against India are also made when judicial decisions, including those of the Supreme Court of the United States, go against patent owners, said IPA.
It added that Novartis alone has managed to get injunctions by five different judges of the Delhi High Court in the last seven months restraining Indian manufactures from selling versions of its drugs.
A series of announcements by the Indian government on a new IPR policy within next six months, a new IPR think-tank and measures to strengthen its patent office should also be taken into consideration. " The assessment of the USTR in the out of cycle review can be a powerful influence in either strengthening the positive momentum or dampening the investment climate. We trust it will be the former" said the submission.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Infosys founders to invest $1 mn in each startup they pickInfosys
(Fresh from passing on the…)
BANGALORE: Fresh from passing on the baton at Infosys, co-founders SD Shibulal and Kris Gopalakrishnan are teaming up once more to mentor and back early-stage ventures with an aim to invest up to $1 million in each startup they pick. They will set up an incubator, Axilor Ventures, along with Infosys veteran Srinath Batni, who earlier led the delivery operations at the software services company.
The announcement of the new venture is expected at the end of November. "We all have a fund of our own. The idea is to now jointly invest if we are excited about any (startup)," said Gopalakrishnan, who was the last of the co-founders to retire from Infosys earlier this month.
He declined to quantify the investment corpus saying it is "early to talk about it", but said that all investments will be "angel or seed".
Axilor will back technologyfocussed startups in areas like e-com-merce, wearable technologies, healthcare and those that develop technology for sustainable business.
"We are looking to invest anywhere between Rs 30 lakh and Rs 6 crore," said V Ganapathy Subramanian , CEO of Axilor Ventures. "There will be more clarity on the investment focus and the quantum of investments at the new venture once it is formally launched," said Subramanian, who was earlier the head of strategy and planning at Infosys.
Infosys veterans have been actively engaging with India's booming startup sector, where about 800 new ventures are set up every year according to trade body Nasscom. By 2020, nearly 11,500 startups are expected to be set up in India employing over 2.5 lakh people. The company's former finance heads Mohandas Pai and V Balakrishnan teamed up with others to set up a technology investment fund Exfinity fund, which raised Rs 125 crore in August.
Former chairman Narayana Murthy's family office runs the Catamaran Ventures, which has backed beverages makerHector Beverages and healthcare chain Wellspring Healthcare. Another co-founder NS Raghavan has set up a technology investment firm Ojas Ventures, which has backed startups like internet marketing company Vizury and interactive technology developer TELiBrahma.
Several of India's wealthy professionals are also joining the rush to direct money and mentoring to Indian startups, including Google India's head Rajan Anandan, Tata Group chairman emeritus Ratan Tata, InMobi's Naveen Tewari, Mu Sigma's Dhiraj Rajaram. Experts are of the view that startups can gain from the expertise and vast network built up by these senior executives.
"With the kind of wealth they have created, they could have done a lot of things, but they chose to incubate startups — it reaffirms potential of India's startup ecosys tem," said Lalit Ahuja, co-founder of Kyron accelerator, which sets up accelerator programmes for large companies like Target. This year, over $1 billion has been invested in early-stage ventures in India marking a near two-fold increase over the $630 million of venture capital invested in 2013 according to EY.
Startups have received a further fillip from the 40-odd accelerators and incubators, set up by both domestic technology firms and global software giants, including Google and Microsoft. "It has raised aspirations for many and we hope we can add to this," said Subramanian. Gopalakrishnan is already pursuing a role in backing startups, as chief mentor of the Startup Village, a not-for-profit incubator in Kochi.
While Shibulal, along with his wife, Kumari Shibulal, heads several philanthropic initiatives, including in education through the Samhita Academy. "Folks with a mindset are looking at incubating product companies. This is fantastic," said Sanjay Shah, founding circle member of software product think-tank iSpirt.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Snapdeal co-founders Kunal and Rohit contribute in recent funding roundFunding Round
(He declined to disclose…)
NEW DELHI: Snapdeal co-founders Kunal Bahl and Rohit Bansal , who raised funding of $627 million for their company from Japanese billionaire Masayoshi Son's SoftBank, also contributed their mite making personal investments in the just concluded round, an unusual move by Indian founders given the quantum of funding and the valuation of the company.
The latest round is estimated to have valued Snapdeal at up to $2 billion.
"Rohit and I have also invested in this round, I've never been more excited about the prospects of our business," said Bahl, 32, a graduate of the Wharton Business School who cofounded Snapdeal in 2010.
"This transaction is not just a culmination, but a beginning as well," said Bahl who met Bansal while they were students at Delhi Public School.
He declined to disclose the exact amount invested by the two co-founders or their exact stake holding in the company, citing confidentiality.
Experts are of the view that when promoters pick up a stake in a company at the same valuation as investors, it sends out a very positive signal.
"I have seen such transactions happen in companies in the analytics space and allied e-commerce space, but not at this scale," said George Mitra, chief executive of Avendus Wealth Management.
The latest round of funding also saw participation from existing institutional investors in the company like BlackRock, the world's largest asset manager, PremjiInvest, the investment arm of Wipro Chairman Azim Premji, Temasek, the investment company owned by the Government of Singapore and hedge funds Tybourne Capital and Myriad Asset Management.
Bahl and Bansal are not the only individual investors in the latest round. SoftBank vice chairman and former Google chief business officer Nikesh Arora, has also picked up a 5% stake in the company, in his personal capacity, according to sources with direct knowledge of the transactions.
Arora is also the SoftBank representative on the board of Jasper Infotech, the parent company which owns and operates Snapdeal, the country's largest online marketplace.
"It's a statement of great confidence in the company, as it shows that there is still adequate return on investment to be made, even at this valuation," said Kalpana Jain, senior director - Financial Advisory Services at Deloitte India.
ET was unable to ascertain whether the founders' investment is in the form of a convertible shares or a performance-linked structure, which allows for an upside on the improving performance parameters of the company.
In 2014 alone, Snapdeal has declared funding of $866 million across three rounds. It also roped in Ratan Tata, chairman emeritus of Tata Group, as an investor in August earlier this year.
First set up as a daily deals platform, similar to US-based Groupon, it pivoted to the online marketplace model in late 2011, and currently has more than 50,000 sellers transacting on its platform.
(Additional reporting by Madhav Chanchani in Mumbai)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Domain name Dotooo to become popular on mobiles: InfibeamAditya Dev Sood
(Globally, dotcom is…)
NEW DELHI: E-commerce firm Infibeam , the first Indian company to acquire the domain name dotooo (Dot-Triple-O), released by the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN) under its domain name expansion programme, expects it to become popular on mobile phones on which most first-time users access the internet.
Infibeam's chief executive Vishal Mehta told ET that the company, being the sole owner of the global top level domain (gTLD), has seen massive interest from top brands across sectors worldwide that have registered for the dotooo domain names for their companies.
"We expect a couple of million registrations within a year," Mehta said, adding that a large number of new users are likely to come from smartphones on which typing out the dotooo domain names is likely to be far easier. He added that all 34,000 global brands registered with the Trademark Clearing House from over 100 countries have purchased the dotooo domain name from Infibeam, which will start delegating the domains from this month.
Analysts say that big global firms such as Google, Yahoo, Facebook and Amazon could be among the first ones to secure domain names to prevent cybersquatting, or using a domain name with intent to profit from the goodwill of a trademark belonging to someone else."There will be a rush of brands to sign up for the dotooo domain to stop abuse and in order to safeguard themselves online," said Sanchit Vir Gogia, founder CEO at Greyhound Research. Ahmedabad-based Infibeam, which is also the sole authorised online seller for iPhones in India, made dotooo available to corporations for a month till October 23 and has since made it available to the general public. Sector specialists, however, question the relevance of domain names in today's scenario where mobile phone or desktop internet users don't always type out full names of websites.
"If you have created an important website, it doesn't matter if you have the .com suffix anymore be-cause you have so much social information and linking information," said Aditya Dev Sood , CEO at design and innovation consultancy Center for Knowledge Societies. "In an important site specially, like an ecommerce site, there are so many users linking to and coming out of that, that even if it were a ".es" or ".ly" or any other suffix, it will still float to the top of the search page before one finishes typing it out", he added.
Globally, dotcom is the most widely used domain name, followed by dotnet, dotorg and country specific names like dotuk and dotin. According to W3Techs.com, the dotcom suffix is used by 52.4% of the websites worldwide while dotnet is the second most popular suffix but with a very distant 5.2% share.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Defer auctions till you get enough spectrum: telecom companies to CentreInadequate spectrum could impact business; offer alternate formula
New Delhi, October 30:  
The Chief Executive Officers of four telecom companies — Bharti Airtel, Vodafone, Idea Cellular and Reliance Communications — have written to the Government seeking deferment of the next round of spectrum auctions. The operators have said that the auction should not be held till the Government is able to find enough spectrum to ensure continuity of service for existing players.
There are 11 circles in the country where operators whose licences are due for extension in 2015-16 face the risk of business disruption, including potential closure, unless they win back expensive spectrum in the 900MHz band.
This is because the amount of spectrum being put up for auction in January is less than the 2G spectrum currently being used by operators whose licences are due for renewal. For example, in Maharashtra, Vodafone and Idea Cellular together have 14 MHz in the 900 MHz band, which will be put up for auction. If either of these operators is unable to win back the existing holding then there will not be enough spectrum in the 1800 MHz band to fall back on.
“Inability of such operators to win back 900MHz spectrum in these circles (a distinct possibility in view of the fact that the proposed auctions are likely to be open to all bidders),will either lead to the market leaders in these circles shutting down operations or being forced to curtail operations due to inadequate spectrum. This will create an unprecedented crisis for the sector and impact subscribers, operators, their employees and other stakeholders such as lenders,” the joint letter written by the CEOs to the Communications Minister and the Prime Minister stated.
They said that the limited quantum of spectrum shall be an impediment to the provision of affordable broadband data services, which will be detrimental to the Digital India vision outlined by the Government.
“Short-term revenue collection measures of conducting an auction with highly limited spectrum is not going to serve the broad digitization targets envisaged by the Government,” the letter stated. The operators have suggested that the auction should be deferred till availability of spectrum in these circles is increased. “The operators may be asked to pay for the extended period of spectrum usage at prices benchmarked to the closing prices of the February 2014 auction, pro-rated for the period of use,” the telecom honchos said.
Telecom regulator TRAI had also highlighted that supply side issues will affect not only the proposed auction of spectrum arising from expiry of licences in 2015-16, but will also continue to have a negative impact on all subsequent auctions of spectrum becoming available from future expiry of licences. TRAI had warned against the dangers of going ahead with the forthcoming auction without resolving the spectrum constraints. The operators said that the Government should plan to auction all 900 MHz spectrum allocated between 1996 and 2000 to telecom players, including BSNL and MTNL.
(This article was published on October 30, 2014)
Related

For filing no returns  5 lakh taxpayers under lensE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Make Poha with Chef Vikas<i>This Poha recipe is super easy and perfect for a nutritious breakfast meal.</i>
METHOD
1.    Transfer flattened rice (poha) to a strainer and rinse with water. Shake off excess water and place strainer over a bowl. Keep aside for 10 to 15 minutes.
2.    Heat oil in a pan over medium flame and add mustard seeds, asafetida and curry leaves. When spices crackle, add onion and green chillies with turmeric and sauté till onion softens.
3.    Add carrot and peas and sauté till carrot is tender. Mix in salt.
4.    Fluff soaked poha with a fork and add to pan. Toss well to mix ingredients evenly.
5.    Add sugar with 1tablespoon water, reduce the heat, cover and cook for 2 to 3 minutes.
6.    Remove from flame, sprinkle over with lemon juice and toss well.
7.    Serve hot.
 
Make this dish at home and let us know how it turned out. Do keep in touch with us by sending in your comments/feedback in the comments space below. See you next week!
Yahoo presents Vikas@Home is a brand new 52-week series hosted by International Masterchef Vikas Khanna. Stayed tuned for latest episodes, every Wednesday at 11 am, only on Yahoo India Lifestyle Cuisine
VIKAS@HOME: EARLIER EPISODES

GKW appoints 3 independent directorsHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
GKW appoints 3 independent directors
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 31:  
GKW Ltd has informed the exchanges that the ML Lahoti, NK Navalakha and PS Lodha have been appointed as independent directors up to a consecutive period of five years from April 1, 2014 and were not liable for retirement by rotation.
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

Sensex  Nifty hit all-time highs on capital inflowsUpdate: BSE Sensex surges over 519 points on US growth, Japan stimulus
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 31, 2014  | 17:31 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The stock markets on Friday galloped to new highs with Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) benchmark Sensex surging 519.50 points to 27,865.83 and Nifty soaring 153 points to cross the 8,300 mark tracking a strong global rally on robust US economic growth and a surprise ramping up of Japan's monetary easing programme.
Besides, continued inflows on solid corporate earnings and optimism over India's growth also helped markets boost investor wealth by nearly Rs 1.5 lakh crore in a single session. Six stocks rose for every 10 traded on BSE on Friday with capital goods, oil & gas, IT and power scrips leading rally.
The 30-share Sensex opened on a strong footing and rose to new intra-day record high of 27,894.32. It settled for the day at 27,865.83, a new record at closing, by gaining 519.50 points or 1.90 per cent. Its previous record closing high was 27,346.33 reached in yesterday's trade.
In four days, Sensex has gained over 1,100 points. For the week, it rose by over 1,000 points.
"Much-needed reforms from the new government, strong Q2 performance by India Inc, Fed's low-interest rate regime combined with Bank of Japan's sudden stimulus announcement, gave markets across a sentiment boost," said Hiren Dhakan, Associate Fund Manager, Bonanza Portfolio.
Sentiment was also boosted after the US released forecast-beating economic growth data on Thursday. The world's biggest economy grew 3.5 percent in the September quarter.
Of the 30-share Sensex, 29 scrips led by HDFC , GAIL, L&T, Tata Power, Tata Steel, Dr Reddy, Infosys, Cipla and Coal India gained. SBI, ONGC, RIL, Axis Bank and Sun Pharma also rose. However, Bharti Airtel finished lower.
The National Stock Exchange (NSE) Nifty, comprising 50 shares, breached the 8,300-mark for the first time to hit a new lifetime high of 8,330.75. It also ended at fresh all-time high of 8,322.20, surging 153 points, or 1.87 per cent. Previously, it touched an intra-day record high of 8,181.55 yesterday.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) bought shares worth a net Rs 1,257.49 crore on Thursday.
Asia was led by Japan's Nikkei that surged 4.6 per cent while indices in Singapore, Hong Kong, Korea and China rose in 1-2 percent range. European also surged in late morning trade.
Sectorwide, the BSE Capital Goods index gained the most by rising 2.66 per cent, followed by Oil & Gas index by 2.19 per cent, IT index 1.96 per cent, Power index 1.94 per cent, Metal index 1.91 and Banking index 1.76 per cent.
Indicating strong revival of retail interest, midcap index gained 1.24 per cent higher and the small-cap barometer rose by 0.96 per cent.

Did you know Banks are not responsible for contents of lockers(According to Section 152…)
By Bindisha Sarang
MUMBAI: Swiss banks may no longer be a safe haven for unaccounted money, but even wealth on which tax has been duly paid is not safe in a bank locker. This was reinforced earlier this week when unidentified men dug a tunnel into the locker room of a Punjab National Bank branch in Sonepat, prised open 89 lockers and decamped with the contents.
According to the Reserve Bank of India guidelines, banks are not responsible for the contents of the lockers. A bank only needs to provide for protection of the lockers.
"The relationship between the bank and the locker customer is that of a lessor and a lessee," said Narayan Raja, CEO, Banking Code and Standard Board of India (BCSBI). "Since the contents of the locker are never shared with the bank, it is not responsible for the contents."
According to Section 152 of the Indian Contract Act, a bank is not responsible for any loss or damage to the contents of a locker.
Even the valuables deposited in lockers are not insured . "A bank does not have the ownership or knowledge of the contents of the locker and hence does not have any insurable interest in the matter," said a spokesperson of Axis Bank.
The law clearly appears loaded against the customer in this case. The customer is not only required to prove that the locker was robbed but also submit evidence of the extent of the loss. In the Sonepat incident, it won't be easy for the customers to provide evidence of the losses they claim even as there is clear evidence that the lockers were indeed robbed.
However, customers can claim some compensation if they can prove that the loss or damage happened due to negligence on part of the bank. "If the negligence by the bank is proved, or a bank employee was involved (in the theft), it becomes a vicarious liability and the bank is liable to pay compensation," said Mumbai-based advocate VT Gokhale.
But the compensation may not cover the full loss. In one case decided by the banking ombudsman, it was established that the locker had been broken into. However, the maximum compensation that the ombudsman could award wasRs 10 lakh although the customer had claimed a loss of Rs 23 lakh.
Consumer courts have also come to the rescue of customers in cases where negligence is proved.
In July 2007, the National Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission ( NCDRC ) awarded compensation to a customer after termites ate into currency notes and important papers kept in the bank locker. It ruled that "the bank was bound to ensure that the respondent's locker remained safe in all respects".
There is not much that a customer can do to avoid such problems. Reading the terms and conditions of the locker agreement before hiring one is always a sensible precaution, though.
Avoid entities that make customers sign a declaration saying that the bank will not be liable for loss of goods in the locker. Similarly, check that the locker is in good physical condition and is not placed in a basement.
Don't take lockers in the lower rows and do make sure that the cash and documents are sealed in an airtight and watertight plastic pouch or bag.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Maharashtra s first BJP govt  led by Devendra Fadnavis  to be sworn-in todayE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Private lives and business leadershipShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Private lives and business leadership
Oct 30, 2014 : Tim Cook, chief executive of Apple, has revealed his sexual orientation publicly for the first time. Michael Skapinker, columnist on business and society for the FT, talks to Ravi Mattu about what the disclosure means for the corporate world.

Opposing gay marriage cost tech leader his jobOpposing gay marriage cost Brendan Eich his job at Mozilla
By Hannah Kuchler
©Bloomberg
Brendan Eich, chief technology officer and senior vice president of engineering for Mozilla Corp
Twitter hashtags such as “#wontworkwithbigots” and “#wrongsideofhistory” help explain why Brendan Eich lasted little more than a week as chief executive of the Mozilla Corporation .
Mr Eich stepped down from his post as the head of the corporate arm of the organisation behind the Firefox browser in April this year. This was after employees and the general public became enraged about a prior $1,000 donation to a campaign to ban gay marriage in California.
More
In an open culture, no one need fear the ‘wife’ question
His swift departure showed how attitudes towards corporate leaders who oppose LGBT causes and rights are shifting fast in liberal communities such as the technology industry in San Francisco and Silicon Valley.
Chris Wood, executive director and co-founder of the LGBT Technology Partnership & Institute, says that many corporate leaders still oppose gay marriage, some far more explicitly than Mr Eich, whose views became known because political donations in the US are public.
“There are many people who run corporations around the world that probably would share the same view as Brendan, but he was in a unique position,” he says.
San Francisco has long been at the centre of a large gay community. Its Castro district was one of the first gay neighbourhoods in the US; Harvey Milk became the first openly gay politician to be elected when he served on the San Francisco Board of Supervisors in 1977.
The city’s annual Pride march shows how the technology industry has embraced the LGBT cause. Where other cities might have small contingents of political or not-for-profit groups, in San Francisco long, T-shirt-clad armies from companies such as Apple and Facebook trail past spectators for hours.
When Proposition 8 was put on the ballot paper in California in 2008, trying to overturn the right to same-sex marriage which had already been granted, about 83 per cent of employees donating from the top 11 companies gave money to the campaign against it.
Mr Wood says: “This creative environment is often very liberal. You ended up in a place where employees were forward-thinking, but the person at the top [of Mozilla] opposed same-sex marriage, so they all revolted and asked for his resignation.”
Mr Eich, who had co-founded the not-for-profit bodies the Mozilla Project and Mozilla Foundation, tried to comfort his workforce with a blog outlining his commitment to fostering equality at Mozilla and an apology for having “caused pain” with his donation to the people advocating Prop 8.
But after a boycott of the browser led by dating site OkCupid and a social media storm, he resigned. Mozilla says that it didn’t push him and even offered him another position, but then accepted the decision.
Mozilla has since engaged with many diversity efforts in a push to demonstrate that it does not exclude LGBT employees. However, Mr Wood points out that outside California, 29 US states lack statutory workplace protection for LGBT employees and that rapid resolution might be unlikely.
When the chief operating officer of Chick-fil-A, a US fast-food chain, made comments opposing gay marriage , the strong public reaction pushed the company to say that it would leave the policy debate to the politicians. But no one resigned and in many other parts of the world, where homophobia is more accepted, few may have noticed at all.
However, Mr Eich’s resignation was not universally celebrated. Even in parts of the LGBT community, some individuals had doubts over whether a corporate leader should be pushed out for his personal views, rather than how he behaves towards his employees. They worried that this was simply a new kind of intolerance.
Gene Falk, chief executive of StartOut, an organisation that promotes entrepreneurship in the LGBT community, says some felt that the line should not be: “If you’re not completely with us, then you’re not qualified to hold a leadership position.”
He adds: “The community in general was split. The loudest voices, as always, are the outraged but there were many other voices – important ones – [which said]: ‘We don’t want people discriminating against us, but we can’t say that you shouldn’t hold a job because you disagree’.”
How LGBT employees feel about working for a company – and their ability to climb the ranks while being open about their sexuality – is the key factor, Mr Falk says.
Many companies, including more traditional ones such as investment banks and industrials, have “very strong” diversity and inclusiveness policies, and yet employees still don’t feel comfortable coming out, he notes.
And as for the Eich affair, Mr Falk hopes it does not send the wrong message – one that says people are “not entitled to speak their minds”.
“Drawing hard lines like that doesn’t serve the purpose of our community,” he says.
Related Topics
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2014. You may share using our article tools.
Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web.

Turning young: Dabur Chyawanprash in biscuits | No cheap chicken legs from US!You are here: Home > Collections > Emami
Dabur Chyawanprash to be launched in biscuits and bars variants to attract young customers
Ratna Bhushan, ET Bureau Oct 31, 2014, 11.11AM IST
Tags:
Biscuit
(abur will soon roll out Chyawanprash…)
NEW DELHI: Dabur will soon roll out Chyawanprash in biscuit and snack bar variants as part of its bid to make the 'traditional' brand appealing to young consumers and make the 130-year-old company 'future ready'.
KK Chutani, chief marketing officer and executive director for consumer care business at Dabur, said the company plans to modernise its over half-a-century-old brand Dabur Chyawanprash, along with other brands in its portfolio such as Hajmola digestive candy and Pudin Hara.
While biscuits is an over Rs 10,000-crore category with Parle and Britannia leading it, snack bars as a category has not yet picked up in the country. Dabur dominates theRs 550-crore chyawanprash category with close to 65% share followed by Emami. While the category has been growing 10%-12% a year, with its brown sticky appearance, chyawanprash has a non-contemporary feel.
Dabur and Emami have always been trying to make it more appealing to consumers. Between the two brands, some of the biggest names in the entertainment and sports world, including Shah Rukh Khan, Madhuri Dixit and MS Dhoni, have endorsed chyawanprash.
While Dixit is currently the face of Dabur Chyawanprash, the company has roped in Anil Kapoor to endorse a soon-to-be launched premium variant, which offers to boost 'stamina and vitality'. Hence the choice of roping in the 50-plus Kapoor.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex hits new record-high of 27 493.59Sensex up 519 pts to new closing peak of 27,865
Reuters  Mumbai, October 31, 2014
First Published: 10:13 IST(31/10/2014) | Last Updated: 00:54 IST(1/11/2014)
Comments
The BSE Sensex and Nifty surged to record highs for a second consecutive session on Friday after Bank of Japan's surprise expansion of its massive stimulus programme raised hopes for additional foreign inflows, boosting blue-chips such as Larsen & Toubro.
The 30-share Sensex rose as much as 1.96% to an all-time high of 27,894.32, while the Nifty gained as much as 1.97% to mark a record high of 8,330.75, surpassing their previous highs hit on Thursday.
The benchmark BSE Sensex closed 1.9 higher at 27,865.83 while the broader Nifty ended up 1.87% at 8,322.20.
Larsen & Toubro surged 3.6%, while Housing Development Finance Corp rose 3.9%. Both the indexes also marked their eighth month of gains in nine.

Shah Rukh Khans Red Chillies breaks its own record through Happy NewYearPrint
Shah Rukh Khan's Red Chillies Entertainment Pvt Ltd announced today that the India Box Office collection at the end of the first week of release was Rs. 157.57 Crs.
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 31, 2014 11:43 am | Updated: October 31, 2014 11:53 am
Shah Rukh Khan ‘s Red Chillies Entertainment Pvt Ltd announced today that the India Box Office collection at the end of the first week of release was Rs. 157.57 crs.  ‘ Happy New Year ‘ established a new record at the Box Office for opening day and opening weekend.
Venky Mysore, RCE CEO said:  “As a production house, it is very gratifying for us that Happy New Year has beaten our own record set by Chennai Express in 2013, also a Red Chillies production.”
Gaurav Verma, RCE CRO said: “The response to ‘Happy New Year’ is overwhelming across the globe. We look forward to the next few weeks as ‘Happy New Year’ opens in more territories in Asia, Europe, Africa, Latin and North America.”
Happy New Year produced by Red Chillies Entertainments Pvt Ltd and directed by Farah Khan released in India on 24th October. The movie also features Deepika Padukone, Abhishek Bachchan, Boman Irani, Sonu Sood and Vivaan Shah.

CPI(M) worker murder: Search on for youth who allegedly avenged his fathersdeathPrint
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: October 31, 2014 11:38 am | Updated: October 31, 2014 11:40 am
The murder of CPI (M) activist in Kasargod district on Monday has emerged as an revenge killing planned by a youth, in his early 20’s, in retaliation to the murder of his father, a BJP leader, 13 years back.
P Murali, 37, a CPI (M) local leader at Kumbala in northern district of Kasargod, was stabbed to death by a four-member gang while he was pillion-riding a two wheeler. Murali had been a prime-accused in the murder of BJP activist Dayanandan, in 2001. Later, a trial court had acquitted him.
After surviving two attempts on his life since then, Murali was caught by his assailants on this Monday. Police on Thursday arrested two BJP activists K Bharath Raj, 24, and C H Midhun Kumar, 20, in connection with the CPI (M) leader’s murder.
Investigating officer K P Suresh Kumar said the arrested are friends of Sarath, son of BJP activist Dayanandan killed in 2001. Arrested Midhun Kumar is a college student and Bharath Raj, a painter by profession. Search is on to arrest Sarath, said police.
The police officer said the prime accused in the case is Sarath, who wanted to avenge the murder of his father.
“Sarath, also a painter, is in his early 20’s. He may be aged 22 to 23 year-old now. As per our investigation, Sarath planned the murder in retaliation for the death of his father in 2001. When his father Dayanandan was killed in 2001, son Sarath was a minor. He might have been harbouring revenge towards the killers of his father. We are also looking whether there was any political conspiracy,’’ said the investigating officer.
The northern districts of Kannur and Kasargode had witnessed several revenge political killings. In September this year, a district-level RSS leader in Kannur, E Manoj, was murdered by CPI (M) workers. Manoj had been an accused in the murder attempt on senior CPI (M) leader P Jayarajan in 1999. Prior to that incident, Manoj had been allegedly involved in the murder of a local CPI (M) leader Surendran in 1998.
Police have arrested CPI (M) activist Vikraman, as the prime accused in the murder of RSS leader Manoj. According to police, Vikraman hacked Manoj to death to avenge the murder of his party colleague and friend Surendran.

The task ahead for DevendraFadnavisPrint
Preparations in full swing at Wankhede Stadium for Friday’s swearing-in ceremony. (Source: Express photo by Pradip Das)
Written by Kavitha Iyer , Manasi Phadke , Sandeep A Ashar | Mumbai | Posted: October 31, 2014 11:28 am | Updated: October 31, 2014 2:49 pm
From reviving a stagnant farm sector to ensuring a credible, corruption-free government, the new CM to be sworn in today has several complex tasks ahead.
FINANCES
In their bid to woo voters, the erstwhile Congress-Nationalist Congress Party regime threw fiscal prudence to the wind in the run-up to the Lok Sabha and Assembly polls in Maharashtra.
The state’s revenue deficit for 2014-15, estimated at Rs 4,103 crore, when former finance minister Ajit Pawar presented his additional budget, had climbed to Rs 26,000 crore by July-end, with the Prithviraj Chavan government going on a pre-poll sop spree. It announced a Rs 7,394-crore dole in the form of electricity bill waiver for farmers, besides raising Rs 20,388 crore in supplementary grants immediately after presenting the budget. A senior finance department official said the projected revenue deficit numbers now stood at nearly Rs 30,000 crore.
Bureaucrats also conceded that the state’s total debt was expected to cross over the Rs 3.1 lakh crore in the current year that it was disconcerting. “The debt is rising at over 10 per cent per year with borrowings mainly used to foot non-revenue expenditure,” a senior official said.
As an opposition legislator, Fadnavis had often targeted the Congress-NCP regime for fiscal mismanagement, even demanding tabling of a ‘ white paper ’ on finances. With the state administration imposing a cut on development spends to manage the dwindling resources, Fadnavis will have to walk the tightrope while chalking out his government’s agenda. Fadnavis had earlier assured that octroi and local body tax would be abolished by the BJP regime, but with the state’s financial managers against such a move, it remains to be seen if he can deliver on that promise.
FARM SECTOR
Stark regional disparities in irrigation and other amenities, unpredictable weather patterns in the past few years and an overall stagnation in agricultural growth have led to Maharashtra’s farm sector emerging as a likely early crisis area for the new government.
The year 2012-13 saw a drop in the yield of several crops, hit partly by the 2012 drought and partly by unseasonal rains. This year’s kharif crop was affected by the hailstorms in large parts of central Maharashtra, with the affected farmers now complaining bitterly of dysfunctional crop insurance schemes and incomplete government dole.
Meanwhile, the more recent drop in prices has the farm sector worried about the Bharatiya Janata Party’s apparently exclusive focus on the middle-class consumer. “There Arvind Kejriwal is complaining about the skyrocketing prices of tomatoes and here farmers are literally throwing tomatoes away in Marathwada and Khandesh,” said Nishikant Bhalerao, the Aurangabad-based editor of Adhunik Kisan. “The policies on food processing have to be looked at urgently — there is near absence of processing facilities in Marathwada for example,” he said. The prices of tomatoes and potatoes have fallen in recent weeks, and while onions usually see an upward spurt after Diwali, that has not yet happened. “It could be some election-time effect,” said Bhalerao.
In addition, 78 per cent of the operational land holdings in the state belong to small and marginal farmers with 2 hectares of land or less, and the occasional hailstorm or the sequential drought pattern are crippling them. Bhalerao said the hailstorms in Marathwada, the low yield on soyabean and cotton farms this year and the unexplained delay in the start of sugarcane crushing in the sugar factories had all resulted in farmers suffering from a severe cash-in-hand problem. He said Paithan in Aurangabad district saw two farmers ending their lives last week.
With the kharif crop affected by the hailstorms and very slow sowing for the rabi season under way, a jumpstart for the farm sector will have to be among the top priorities for the new cabinet.
The State Devendra Fadnavis Inherits | Create Infographics
INDUSTRY
Though in terms of pure statistics Maharashtra’s gross domestic product and the growth in the industrial sector have been looking up as compared to last year’s figures, there are several challenges that remain in the path of accelerating the industrial growth. One of the main issues plaguing industries is availability of land and difficulties in the acquisition process, especially after the new Land Acquisition Act. For instance, the state government had to scale down the Dighi port node of the Delhi Mumbai Industrial Corridor from the original 25,000 hectares due to vociferous protests by local residents against land acquisition.
Power tariff is another cause of concern for industries with the electricity cost being a major factor in manufacturing. The tariff is high mainly as the state power distribution company has to recover an excess of about Rs 6,300 crore from industries to enable it to cross-subsidise other consumers such as those from the agriculture sector and domestic consumers using less than 300 units.
Besides land acquisition, availability of skilled labour and the time taken in securing clearances also hamper the ease of doing business. Improving connectivity and access to ports across the state and linking various industrial areas is also imperative to fuel industrial growth. The state government has not been able to add ports after the Mumbai Port Trust and the Jawaharlal Nehru Port Trust, with Dighi and Jaigarh being private ports. The government had planned projects such as the Chakan airport, modernisation of the Nagpur airport strip and the Navi Mumbai International Airport to boost air connectivity, but the plans have failed to take off so far.
Ajit Gulabchand, CMD of Hindustan Construction Company Ltd, said the new chief minister must get going on the various pending projects. “Speed on these projects will not only create a momentum for change but will also kill corruption and expose redtape.  Two, he needs to create employment. The country needs 300 million jobs, more than twice the number of people the USA employs. And if we are to create two America-sized economies, Maharashtra must bear a large burden as a developed state. This is not possible without investments, for which the government must create a suitable climate,” he said.
For a party that ran a high-octane election campaign targeting the Congress-NCP government for its multiple graft cases, the BJP government will have to show action on this count immediately. “No compromises,” MP Kirit Somaiya told The Indian Express when asked if he would follow up the irrigation scam case now that the NCP has offered support to the BJP government. “The government will be following it. It will go to its logical conclusion,” Somaiya said.
Rights activist Medha Patkar pointed out that the laundry list of corruption cases and alleged scams uncovered in recent years, all pointing at either inaction or active collusion of senior Congress-NCP leaders, was a challenging one.
“The new chief minister Fadnavis has proven himself to be a person who studies issues. He has read previous CAG reports,” said Patkar. She said scams exposed earlier must be taken to prosecution and trial stage — the Adarsh and Lavasa scams in which the government already filed cases, for example. “Even when Modi visited Lavasa, he said the country needed more such spaces but without irregularities. In Lavasa there are illegalities,” she said, also citing the irrigation scam, the case of the Hiranandani complex in Powai and the sale of defunct sugar factories to politicians who purchased these at a fraction of their value.
Whether the new government is able to take a strong position on these, especially given that it is a minority government at least in its early days, will be its litmus test.
Apart from these, there are other issues to urgently set right. For example, the general image of the Maharashtra government being too close to builders has to be reversed, something the BJP may find easier said than done. That apart, there is the recent government resolution amending the Right to Information Act, curbs on which have been decried by activists including former chief information commissioner Shailesh Gandhi. Strengthening the Lokayukta is another long-awaited move for the creation of more effective watchdogs.
URBANISATION
Successive governments have not been able to shed the perception that urban development policies, housing schemes and even transportation projects are designed to benefit, not the common man, but the powerful builder lobby. The Adarsh blot served to enhance that image. The state government had rolled out a series of schemes for urbanization, housing, stemming growth of slums and redevelopment. However, the schemes have hardly helped in ridding cities of slums or modernising them.
While this image needs to be corrected urgently, the first challenge is to understand the processes behind rapid urbanisation in the state and to prepare the small towns and Tier II cities for the coming demographic change. Even as the state is nearly 50 per cent urban today, Maharashtra’s small towns are uniformly uninhabitable. Even then, they continue to attract thousands from worse-off hinterlands, rendering these unplanned towns even more decrepit with mushrooming slums.
Big cities such as Mumbai and Pune need to be decongested and their peripheral areas that can be tapped to create urban agglomerations are in the midst of haphazard growth. At several places, the development plans have not been updated and illegal construction is rampant. Despite the rapid transformation of Mumbai’s transport infrastructure, transportation is still a challenge with there being chronic bottlenecks across the city. The other cities have had no transport infrastructure development to speak of.
Housing in these cities is also an escalating concern with property in Mumbai and Pune being largely overvalued with much of the inventory being under construction. Affordable housing in these cities is negligible with prices of homes built by agencies such as  Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority (MHADA) also increasingly on the rise. Schemes to check slum proliferation in big cities have also failed such as the rental housing and the slum rehabilitation scheme. Even as about 55 lakh people in Mumbai live in slums, the slum rehabilitation scheme has largely been a dud due to shoddy work, lack of quality control and inordinate delays by developers in implementing projects.

Write back: CBIs response to Trail of Moin Qureshis texts reportPrint
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 31, 2014 11:27 am | Updated: October 31, 2014 11:28 am
Responding to the report, “Trail of Moin Qureshi’s texts reaches CBI Chief: What’s the best time to meet boss?” , the CBI spokesperson said in a statement that the “story is presumptive and the conclusions drawn are speculative” and aimed at “destroying the credibility of CBI” and that “the matter is sub-judice”.
“Director CBI had already clarified to the correspondent that ‘the veracity of the logbook is dubious and has been contested in the court and the matter relating to Moin Qureshi has already been clarified by the Ld AG in the Hon’ble Supreme Court’. The same although had been published by the newspaper, however, the reporter has tried to draw his own conclusion instead of basing it on facts.
“After completion of approved tenure, Sri V V Lakshmi Narayana, the then Joint Director CBI, Hyderabad returned to his parent cadre on 11th June 2013 and not in July 2013 as mentioned in the news story. It is not borne out of records that there was any move by the agency for his extension as imputed in the news report.
“Koneru Rajendra Prasad, an accused in Emmar case, was released on bail on 12th August, 2012 on the orders of Hon’ble High Court whereas the news item has reported that ‘his son Pradeep Koneru sought the help of Moin Qureshi to arrange meeting with ‘Boss’ on 20th May, 2013 for bail applications and discharge petitions of Sri Koneru Rajendra Prasad, his father and Sri Madhu Koneru, his brother. It may be noted here that Sri Koneru Rajendra Prasad was out on bail about 9 months ago and Sri Madhu Koneru was never arrested in this case, although he was chargesheeted as an accused,” the spokesperson said.
The spokesperson added that CBI had “strongly opposed” the relaxation of bail application and “filed its counter reply against the discharge petition”.
“No attempt, as attributed, was made by any CBI functionary to help any accused,” the statement said, adding that it is for the “courts to
decide on these matters and not the CBI.”
The statement also said that the “CBI is not privy to alleged BBM messages and communications reflected between two private persons are irrelevant to the news item.”
Our correspondent replies:
The Indian Express based its report on BlackBerry messages reproduced verbatim from the Income Tax investigation report. CBI Director Ranjit Sinha was contacted and his response was accurately reported. The one error in the report — the date of Joint Director V V Laxminarayana’s retirement — is regretted.
A P Singh
Responding to the report, ‘ Sir 500 words essay is good or 1,000 word essay and size of jacket ’ published on October 29, former CBI chief A P Singh has written:
“While in London in June 2013, I had left a file containing two essays along with background material on international bribery in context of the implications of the anti-corruption law in the UK and proposed amendment in the Indian PC Act… These were handwritten notes which were required to be typed and printed. Since Mr Qureshi was continued…

Run for Unity: Modi mentions Indira  praises Sardar PatelComments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday invoked Prime Minister Indira Gandhi on her martyrdom day but also raked up the 1984 anti-Sikh riots after her death.
Flagging of the 'Run for Unity' to commemorate Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel's birth anniversary Delhi's Vijay Chowk on Friday, the PM rued, "It was unfortunate that 30 years ago, on the birthday of a man who devoted his life for the unity of the country, a terrible incident happened that gravely injured the nation's unity," referring to the riots.
"Our own people were killed. The incident was not a wound on the throat of any community but a knife, a dagger on India's century-old great social fabric," Modi continued, taking an indirect dig at the Congress.
Neither Modi nor any National Democratic Alliance minister went to Gandhi’s memorial at Shakti Sthal, where many Congress leaders, including party chief Sonia Gandhi and former prime minister Manmohan Singh, paid their respects.
Congress leaders accused Modi of disrespecting the late prime minister . “Disgraceful that Govt is ignoring the martyrdom of our only Prime Minister who was killed in office in the line of duty,” tweeted Shashi Tharoor.
Former UPA minister Anand Sharma said, “She was the leader of this country who was martyred in office. This pitting of leaders against one another is in bad taste.”.
PM Modi flags off the 'Run for Unity' at Rajpath in New Delhi on Friday. (Vipin Kumar/HT Photo)
Earlier, in his speech on Friday, Modi mentioned, "Aaj Shrimati Indira Gandhi ka punya tithi hai (Today, it is Shrimati Indira Gandhi's death anniversary)", even as he devoted the maximum time of his speech to Patel's legacy.
In his welcome speech, urban development minister M Venkaiah Naidu had made it clear the event was "not to undermine any other leader but only to do justice to Sardar Patel". Naidu also mentioned that since childhood he believed that history has done injustice to Sardar Patel.
Showering effusive praise on Patel, Modi said, "Just as Ramakrishna Paramhansa remains incomplete without Swami Vivekananda, Mahatma Gandhi's legacy cannot be fully written without Sardar Patel's contribution."
He mentioned how Patel had organised Mahatma Gandhi's Dandi March in 1930.
PM Modi takes part in the 'Run for Unity' at Rajpath in New Delhi on Friday. (Vipin Kumar/HT Photo)
The PM said Patel tried to unify the country and thwarted the British ploy to divide India into several pieces. "History remembers Chanakya for his efforts towards development of provinces by unifying them, similarly Sardar Patel's aim too was development through unity."
 
"Patel has given us Ek Bharat (united India). It is now our duty to make it Shresth Bharat (Best India)."

Devendra Fadnavis takes CM oath today  sulking Sena to stay awayComments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will attend the swearing-in of Devendra Fadnavis on Friday as the 27th chief minister of Maharashtra, in a function which could be boycotted by former ally Shiv Sena.
BJP National President Amit Shah with Maharashtra CM-designate Devendra Fadnavis during their meeting at his residence in New Delhi. ( Sonu Mehta/HT Photo)
Shiv Sena which is unhappy over not getting a desired deal to participate in the BJP-led government, was in uncertainty all through Thursday as senior leaders indicated that Thackeray and Sena MLAs were unlikely to attend the ceremony.
The party was hoping a solution would emerge after a meeting between Prime Minister Narendra Modi, BJP president Amit Shah and Fadnavis in Delhi  but no such indication was given by the BJP.
Chief ministers of several BJP ruled states, party chief Amit Shah and a large number of celebrities are likely to attend the grand function at the Wankhede stadium in the evening.
Senior BJP leader Rajiv Pratap Rudy said a small team will take oath with Fadnavis and the expansion of the council of ministers would be conducted later. 
“It is unlikely that other party ministers will be sworn in tomorrow. But there is a possibility that it will be our partner in the future,” Rudy said on Thursday, making it  clear that no Sena legislator would be taking oath on Friday.
Reacting to Rudy’s statement, Sena leaders said they would not attend the ceremony. “Our MLAs have expressed that they should be treated with respect if the BJP wants them to be part of the government. If that is not happening then no one from the Sena will attend the ceremony, not even Uddhavji,” said Sena MP Vinayak Raut.
"As our MLAs feel that BJP did not give us due respect, why should we attend the oath-taking ceremony?" Sena MP Vinayak Raut told reporters after meeting party president Uddhav Thackeray.
Sources said the Sena leadership may prefer to wait for few more days as BJP would have to take a decision before the assembly session is held in November to prove majority of the new government.
Meanwhile, the BJP is also grappling with the problem of finalising names of ministers and also the allocation of portfolios. Sources said the issue was discussed in the meeting between Modi, Shah and Fadnavis.

Will Cong ever be able to cast the taint off 84 riotsComments
The ghost of the anti-Sikh riots of 1984 comes to haunt the Congress at regular intervals since the role of some of its leaders in the communal violence is under the scanner of courts and various agencies.
Nearly 3,000 Sikhs were killed in Delhi following the assassination of former Prime Minister Indira Gandhi by her two Sikh bodyguards on October 31, 1984.
Senior Congress leaders, including Jagdish Tytler and Sajjan Kumar, are facing allegations of involvement in the riots.
Though they have repeatedly denied any role, the two leaders had to bear the brunt of the public anger as the Congress dropped them as party candidates in 2009 Lok Sabha elections following massive protests. The same year, a shoe was also hurled at then home minister P Chidambaram by journalist Jarnail Singh, now an Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) leader, in protest against the CBI’s clean chit to them.
The Congress’ opponents have also used the riots and the purported remarks of former Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi as tools to attack it. “When a great tree falls, the earth is bound to shake” is how Rajiv is reported to have responded to the riots that broke out after his mother’s death.
But over the years, the Congress leadership has sought to comfort the community with their apologies. In one of her poll rallies in Chandigarh on January 27, 1998 before taking over as the Congress president, Sonia Gandhi had said she could understand the pain of Sikhs.
On August 12, 2005, then Prime Minister Manmohan Singh apologised in parliament. “I apologise not only to the Sikh community, but to the whole Indian nation because what took place in 1984 is the negation of the concept of nationhood enshrined in our Constitution.”
Congress vice president Rahul Gandhi too shared similar sentiments and admitted that some of his party men were probably involved in the riots and had been punished for it.
Recently, AAP’s bid to win over the community has caused much discomfort to political parties, primarily the BJP. After assuming power in Delhi, the Arvind Kejriwal government announced a special investigation team to probe the riots.

RSS units want  correction  in education from Smriti IraniE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Court charges Raja  Kanimozhi and others in 2GcasePrint
Kanimozhi and others, including former Telecom Minister A Raja are facing trial in the 2G case for their alleged involvement. (Source: PTI/file)
Written by Kaunain Sherrif | New Delhi | Posted: November 1, 2014 12:19 am | Updated: November 1, 2014 5:00 am
A special court on Friday framed charges against former telecom minister A Raja, Rajya Sabha MP K Kanimozhi, DMK chief M Karunanidhi’s wife Dayalu Ammal and sixteen others in connection with the alleged 2G money laundering case.
Special Judge O P Saini, while putting the 19 accused on trial, said, “I find that there is enough material on record to make out or to presume a prima facie case against each accused for committing an offence of money laundering as defined under Section 3 and punishable under Section 4 of the Act.”
Stating that there are “factual” and “credible allegations” against each of the accused, the judge put on trial Raja, Kanimozhi, Ammal, Swan Telecom promoters Shahid Usman Balwa and Vinod Kumar Goenka, Kalaignar TV MD Sharad Kumar and director P Amirtham, directors of Kusegaon Fruits and Vegetables Pvt Ltd Asif Balwa and Rajiv Agarwal and Bollwood producer Karim Morani. The court has also framed charges against nine companies on trial.
The court ruled that Raja “in connivance” with Ammal, Kanimozhi and Sharad Kumar, was involved in parking the illegal gratification of Rs 200 crore received from Shahid U Balwa and Vinod K Goenka in Kalaignar TV.
The court also observed that the link between movement back of the proceeds of the crime (Rs 223.55 crore) to Dynamix Realty, and the arrest of Raja by the CBI “clearly reveals” his role and “active participation”.
While charging Kanimozhi, the court said, “Kanimozhi knowingly facilitated and was actually involved in the process of generation and layering of the proceeds of crime and in projection of it as untainted property.”
The court also observed that the entities involved in the money transaction, from DB group company to Kalaignar TV through Kusegaon Fruits and Vegetables Pvt Ltd and Cineyug Films Pvt Ltd, showed a “knee jerk” reaction to return it after Raja was contacted by the CBI during its probe into the 2G scam.
Stating that proceeds of crime amount to Rs 223.5 crore, the court said, “It is revealed…that to show the transfer as legitimate, this amount of Rs 200 crore, in fact, was layered with additional funds.”
The court also observed that proceeds of crime, which was generated because of “actions taken” by Raja, was ultimately parked with Kalaignar TV under the cover of transfer of varying amounts of funds through agreements/ MoUs relating to equity participation/ loan among a chain of inter-linked companies.
All accused have pleaded not guilty and have said that they will go on trial.
 

Sensex @ new high | Achhe din: Inflation to come downYou are here: Home > Collections
Sensex, Nifty hit fresh record high; top ten stocks in focus
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 31, 2014, 12.10PM IST
("Traders are advised to…)
NEW DELHI: Both Sensex and Nifty rose over 1 per cent each to their fresh respective record highs in trade on Friday, tracking positive trade seen in other Asian markets.
The BSE Sensex rose as much as 400 points to hit its fresh record high of 27,759.01. And, the 50-share Nifty index also rose over 100 points to hit its fresh lifetime high of 8,291.65.
At 12:05 p.m.; the 30-share index was at 27,738.27, up 391 points or 1.43 per cent. It touched a high of 27,759.01 and a low of 27,438.28 in early trade.
The Nifty was at 8286.50, up 117.25 points or 1.44 per cent. It touched a high of 8,291.65 and a low of 8,198.05 in early trade.
"As the Nifty has scaled above 8100 mark decisively, we expect this positivity to extend further in days to come," says Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities Limited.
"And, traders are advised to give preference to banking, metal and select midcap counters for fresh buying," he adds.
Here is a list of ten stocks which are in focus today:
Bharti Airtel Ltd: Bharti Airtel Ltd, India's top telecommunications carrier, reported a more than doubling of quarterly profit, beating street estimates, on higher voice call prices and rapid growth in mobile data usage.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1 per cent lower at Rs 403.50.
CEAT: Tyre maker Ceat reported 7.57 per cent increase in consolidated net profit to Rs 82.35 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2014.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.6 per cent lower at Rs 881.
Ajanta Pharma Ltd: Drug firm Ajanta Pharma reported a 40.88 per cent increase in its standalone net profit to Rs 78.63 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2014, mainly on account of robust exports.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.4 per cent higher at Rs 1920.
Thermax Ltd: Energy and environment solutions provider Thermax said it has bagged a contract worth Rs 321 crore for setting up a captive power plant in Africa.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 4 per cent higher at Rs 920.
Tata Motors Ltd: The Queen has today officially opened Jaguar Land Rover's new £500 million engine manufacturing facility in Wolverhampton, said media reports.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.4 per cent higher at Rs 528.
HCC Ltd: Hindustan Construction Company (HCC) reported a 78 per cent drop in its second quarter net profit at Rs 6.8 crore versus Rs 31.6 crore, in a year ago period.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 3.7 per cent higher at Rs 30.75.
Adani Power Ltd: The Competition Commission of India (CCI) has cleared Adani Power's proposed deal with Lanco Infratech to buy latter's 1,200-MW imported coal-fired power plant at Udupi in Karnataka for more than Rs 6,000 crore, marking the biggest acquisition in India's thermal power industry.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 3.6 per cent higher at Rs 47.40.
Manappuram Finance Ltd: Kerala-based gold loan financier Manappuram Finance Ltd on Thursday said it has signed a non-binding agreement to acquire a majority stake in Asirvad Microfinance Pvt. Ltd (AMPL), said media reports.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 2.1 per cent higher at Rs 32.90.
DLF Ltd: The Securities Appellate Tribunal (SAT) has directed real estate developer DLF to file an affidavit by November 3 stating the purpose for which it intends to use money that has been parked in mutual funds and the amount it requires for running the company till the end of this calendar year.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.4 per cent lower at Rs 123.30.
IDFC: IDFC was up on buying action after getting approval from board members to demerge its financial undertaking into a wholly owned step down subsidiary IDFC Bank, the company said in a filing to stock exchanges.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 3 per cent higher at Rs 153.30.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ex-coal secy HC Gupta  two govt officials ge...Bail
(The court refused to accept…)
NEW DELHI: Former coal secretary and four others, including two serving government officials, were today granted bail by a Special Court in connection with a coal blocks allocation scam case.
The five accused including H C Gupta and two senior serving government servants K S Kropha and K C Samaria appeared before the court in pursuance to the summons issued against them and sought bail in the case.
After hearing the arguments, Special CBI Judge Bharat Parashar granted bail to all the accused.
Besides Gupta, the then Joint Secretary, Kropha, and the then Director (Coal Allocation-I section), Samaria, Managing Director of Madhya Pradesh-based firm Kamal Sponge Steel and Power Ltd (KSSPL) Pawan Kumar Ahluwalia, Chartered Accountant Amit Goyal and authorised representative of the company appeared before the court.
All of them were already summoned as accused for offences under sections 120-B (criminal conspiracy), 409 (criminal breach of trust by public servant) and 420 (cheating) under the IPC. Only Gupta has been summoned before the offences punishable under the Prevention of Corruption Act.
The court had summoned them as accused in the case while refusing to accept the closure report filed by the CBI in the case pertaining to alleged irregularities in the allocation of coal block to KSSPL.
The court had yesterday allowed CBI to carry out further probe in the case, saying the agency may place records of the case before the authorities for grant of sanction to prosecute the public servants.
The court had also asked CBI to file a progress report of its further investigation on December 15 and said the agency should be at a liberty to probe any other aspect of the matter if found necessary by them.
On October 13, the court had summoned six accused including Gupta, Samaria, Kropha and KSSPL.
Refusing to accept the CBI's closure report, the special court had observed that the probe carried out by it was "sketchy" and its conclusion "apparently wrong".
The court, in its detailed order had noted that no cognisance of offences under the Prevention of Corruption Act could be taken against Kropha and Samaria for want of sanction as they are still in government service.
The case pertains to alleged misrepresenting of facts, including inflated net worth, by KSSPL to acquire Thesgora-B/ Rudrapuri coal block in Madhya Pradesh.
According to CBI, KSSPL had allegedly given false statement about its annual turnover for two financial years that is 2004-2005 and 2005-2006 in their application form while applying for coal block allocation.
CBI had earlier told the court that officials of KSSPL had furnished unaudited balance sheet and had allegedly inflated its capacity to produce sponge iron by 25 per cent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Labour reforms should lead to productivity: Volkmar Denner  CEO  BoschBosch
(Bosch, the German industrial…)
BANGALORE: Bosch, the German industrial conglomerate which has seen its Indian subsidiary battling labour strife, has asked for a calibrated approach from Narendra Modi-led BJP government at the centre when it seeks to reform the archaic labour laws of the country. Significantly, this call from the boss of the world's biggest supplier of car parts came even as it considers India to be a key pillar of its growth strategy in Asia Pacific, the share of which it estimates to double in the parent company's revenues by 2020.
"Today there are many free trade zones in this region," said Volkmar Denner , CEO of Bosch. "And they will increase. India has to be competitive with other countries in the free trade zone and therefore labour reforms should address this." The BJP government at the centre is looking to make changes that benefit workers, by introducing a slew of measures, including making more workers eligible for minimum wages and increasing overtime hours. This has made many manufacturing firms jumpy, with Bosch taking the lead in voicing concern.
Denner, who took over the boss' seat in 2012, is on a three-day visit to India and had been to Bosch's facility in Coimbatore on Wednesday, said that though the present impasse between workers and management is of "concern", it remains hopeful that an amicable solution will be reached. Striking Bosch workers at the Adugodi plant in Bangalore are continuing with their fiveweek strike, demanding a 20% wage hike and in the process defying the outlawing of their strike by the Karnataka state government.
Earlier this month, chief minister Siddaramaiahled Congress government in the state arrested 150 of the protesting workers and invoked the 1947 Industrial Disputes Act, terming the strike as "illegal."
India, of late has witnessed an increase in worker unrest, especially at auto manufacturing facilities. Earlier this year, Toyota India, an 89:11 joint venture between the world's largest car maker, Toyota and Kirloskar Group, saw a two-month long intermittent production at its facility at Bidadi, 30 kilometers from Bangalore. will do at its manufacturing plant near Bangalore what it is best at - make cars.
A few years back, executives at Graziano Trasmissioni India, Pricol and Regency Ceramics were been beaten to death by enraged workers. In 2012, the general manager of human resources at Maruti Suzuki was burnt to death at the company's Manesar plant. Bosch maintains that the wages paid by the company are "up to the highest standards" in the country.
To a question on future investments, Denner skirted away from a direct answer saying that "labour reforms have to lead to productivity of business" Some experts, however, believe that it is tad too early to believe the new government will do anything to dent business sentiment.
"I believe, there is a positive vibe running in business environment of the country after new government," said Gaurav Vangaal, senior analyst, forecasting, at consultancy firm IHS Automotive.
"The government has initiated many policy reforms and easing of labour reforms are one of the key areas, which is expected to increase the business confidence for the existing players & new entrants (FDI) in the country. We need to give proper time for the reforms to take place before any significant decisions" Bosch India is one of the largest auto component supplier to car makers, including Toyota and Maruti Suzuki, and employs 2,300 permanent workers, 370 temporary workers and 1,000 contract workers.
On average, permanent workers are paid Rs 40,000. Bosch, which first set up shop in the country in 1922, generated sales of 1.2 billion in 2013, a threefold increase over 10 years ago. Since 2010, the German parent has invested Rs 5,400 crore in the expansion of manufacturing and research facilities, with about Rs 1,200 crore invested in the current year alone.
FEATURED ARTICLES

@ new high! Sensex up 400 points; Unitech surges 7%  Titan down 5%You are here: Home > Collections
Sensex, Nifty hit fresh record high; top ten stocks in focus
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 31, 2014, 12.10PM IST
("Traders are advised to…)
NEW DELHI: Both Sensex and Nifty rose over 1 per cent each to their fresh respective record highs in trade on Friday, tracking positive trade seen in other Asian markets.
The BSE Sensex rose as much as 400 points to hit its fresh record high of 27,759.01. And, the 50-share Nifty index also rose over 100 points to hit its fresh lifetime high of 8,291.65.
At 12:05 p.m.; the 30-share index was at 27,738.27, up 391 points or 1.43 per cent. It touched a high of 27,759.01 and a low of 27,438.28 in early trade.
The Nifty was at 8286.50, up 117.25 points or 1.44 per cent. It touched a high of 8,291.65 and a low of 8,198.05 in early trade.
"As the Nifty has scaled above 8100 mark decisively, we expect this positivity to extend further in days to come," says Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities Limited.
"And, traders are advised to give preference to banking, metal and select midcap counters for fresh buying," he adds.
Here is a list of ten stocks which are in focus today:
Bharti Airtel Ltd: Bharti Airtel Ltd, India's top telecommunications carrier, reported a more than doubling of quarterly profit, beating street estimates, on higher voice call prices and rapid growth in mobile data usage.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1 per cent lower at Rs 403.50.
CEAT: Tyre maker Ceat reported 7.57 per cent increase in consolidated net profit to Rs 82.35 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2014.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.6 per cent lower at Rs 881.
Ajanta Pharma Ltd: Drug firm Ajanta Pharma reported a 40.88 per cent increase in its standalone net profit to Rs 78.63 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2014, mainly on account of robust exports.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.4 per cent higher at Rs 1920.
Thermax Ltd: Energy and environment solutions provider Thermax said it has bagged a contract worth Rs 321 crore for setting up a captive power plant in Africa.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 4 per cent higher at Rs 920.
Tata Motors Ltd: The Queen has today officially opened Jaguar Land Rover's new £500 million engine manufacturing facility in Wolverhampton, said media reports.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.4 per cent higher at Rs 528.
HCC Ltd: Hindustan Construction Company (HCC) reported a 78 per cent drop in its second quarter net profit at Rs 6.8 crore versus Rs 31.6 crore, in a year ago period.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 3.7 per cent higher at Rs 30.75.
Adani Power Ltd: The Competition Commission of India (CCI) has cleared Adani Power's proposed deal with Lanco Infratech to buy latter's 1,200-MW imported coal-fired power plant at Udupi in Karnataka for more than Rs 6,000 crore, marking the biggest acquisition in India's thermal power industry.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 3.6 per cent higher at Rs 47.40.
Manappuram Finance Ltd: Kerala-based gold loan financier Manappuram Finance Ltd on Thursday said it has signed a non-binding agreement to acquire a majority stake in Asirvad Microfinance Pvt. Ltd (AMPL), said media reports.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 2.1 per cent higher at Rs 32.90.
DLF Ltd: The Securities Appellate Tribunal (SAT) has directed real estate developer DLF to file an affidavit by November 3 stating the purpose for which it intends to use money that has been parked in mutual funds and the amount it requires for running the company till the end of this calendar year.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.4 per cent lower at Rs 123.30.
IDFC: IDFC was up on buying action after getting approval from board members to demerge its financial undertaking into a wholly owned step down subsidiary IDFC Bank, the company said in a filing to stock exchanges.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 3 per cent higher at Rs 153.30.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Police role was shameful  says former CommissionerUpdated: October 31, 2014 12:19 IST
Police role was shameful, says former Commissioner
Kritika Sharma
Tweet
Photo: The Hindu Archives
“The anti-Sikh riots of 1984 was a horror story for the country, in which the Delhi Police played the most shameful role,” says Ved Prakash Marwah, the former Commissioner of Delhi Police, who was instrumental in conducting the first inquiry into the riots.
Mr. Marwah was assigned the job of enquiring into the role of the police during the November 1984 carnage. A committee under the name of Marwah Commission was constituted to look into the matter.
While Mr. Marwah was still conducting the inquiry, many police officers approached the Delhi High Court opposing it.
“Delhi Police had played a shameful role during the riots. During my inquiry, I went to the police stations in East and South Delhi and found that the police did not even go to the spot at the time of the clashes. There were records which proved the same. I took those records with me and wrote my report according to that,” he said.
However, as Mr. Marwah completed his inquiry towards the middle of 1985, he was directed by the Home Ministry not to proceed further. Complete records of the Marwah Commission were taken over by the government and later transferred to the Misra Commission.
“I was almost done with my inquiry when I was abruptly asked to stop. I was about to approach senior police officers and the Lieutenant-Governor when I was asked to stop the inquiry,” recalls Mr. Marwah.
“The criminal justice system is in a bad state in our country. Ideally, there should have been legal action against the police officers found guilty of not performing their duty, but it was the other way round. A man who was trying to do his job was stopped mid-way and defamation cases were filed against him,” he said.
“The then Additional Deputy Commissioner of South Chandra Prakash filed a defamation case against me for naming him in my report. My report was not even complete and there is no official record that I named him. He just filed a case on the basis of a newspaper report,” Mr. Marwah added.
“The officers who were guilty got promotions and led a comfortable life, while I had to face defamation cases for a long time”, he added.
RELATED NEWS

When Modi strode down RajpathWhen Modi strode down Rajpath
WTI  Brent crude oil futures seen lower on global oversupplyWTI  Brent crude oil futures seen lower on global oversupply
Sensex Surges Over 400 Points to Set New Records  Nifty Nears 8 300Sensex Surges Over 400 Points to Set New Records  Nifty Nears 8 300
Samsung Launches Unibody Metal-Clad Galaxy A5  A3; Availability  Specification DSamsung Launches Unibody Metal-Clad Galaxy A5  A3; Availability  Specification D
Bangalore: Techie arrested after wife films his gay acts on spy camerasBangalore: Techie arrested after wife films his gay acts on spy cameras
Japan s wireless carriers told to unlock phones starting next yearJapan s wireless carriers told to unlock phones starting next year
Indian markets scale new highsIndian markets scale new highs
B J Duplex Boards to hold board meetingB J Duplex Boards to hold board meeting
Maruti at new high again; analysts up target post strong Q2Maruti at new high again; analysts up target post strong Q2
Good chances for re-entry. monday it may blast as last result....Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

In continuation it is confirmed that gullible investors are ready to b...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

So are you neative for long term too what are long term targetsPlatinum Member
91 Followers
Did anyone notice, Today Astec has only 10 percent lower and upper circuit as its moved a lot, its circuit are limited to 10 instead of 20 percent. Enjoy!
12.27 PM Oct 31st

Buy this secret jem when no one paying attention to this. two or three...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Rupee weakens to 61.41 as dollar remains firmRupee trading weak at 61.41
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 31:  
The rupee was trading a tad weak at 61.41 against the dollar at 4.03 p.m. local time due to dollar's firmness against other currencies overseas.
Increased selling of the American currency by banks and exporters amid sustained foreign capital inflows following a slew of reforms announced by the government supported the rupee but the dollar’s firmness against other currencies overseas capped the gains, dealers said.
After opening strong by eight paise at 61.37 in early trade, the domestic unit hovered in the range of 61.33 and 61.43 in the afternoon trade.
The rupee depreciated by 10 paise to close at a two-week low of 61.45 against the greenback yesterday after the US Federal Reserve kept in place its plans to maintain record low interest rate for some more time.
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

Chinas new normal for consumptionChina’s ‘new normal’ for consumption
Gabriel Wildau in Shanghai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ae37dbfa-5e59-11e4-bc04-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Its possible that I may never play for India again: YuvrajOne-day cricket
All-rounder Yuvraj Singh on Wednesday said he was disappointed at not making it into the Indian cricket team. After successfully fighting cancer, Yuvraj made a brief return to the Indian team when he played Twenty20 matches, but he has been a pale shadow of himself on his comeback trail. He last played for India in a ODI in December 2013.
“Definitely, a comeback to the Indian team is a goal. It’s always disappointing when you don’t make it to the side. But, that said, the last two years have been patchy, up and down. Hopefully things will change, and I will be picked again, otherwise life will be very depressing. I can only try and do my best,” the left-handed batsman told ‘Wisden India’.
When asked if the thought of not being picked for India again ever crossed his mind, he said, “Of course, there is a possibility that I may never play for India again. I have considered that. But there is also the possibility that I might play for India again, and as long as I believe that I can come back and I have it in me, I’m going to keep pushing myself”.
Star of India’s many a victories, Yuvraj said he along with other sidelined and struggling players like Harbhajan Singh, Virender Sehwag and Gautam Gambhir often talk about the good days.
“We always talk about the time we spent playing for India. We all know that those were the most amazing years of our lives. But, life still goes on, even when you’re not in the team. You just have to be positive and keep working hard.”
Yuvraj did not do much to stake claim in the national team but he has still not given up.
“I can’t really speak about selection. What is the best opportunity that I have? Duleep Trophy, the Ranji ODIs and whatever other games I can get. As I said, if I can make it to the squad, it will be a great story. It will be awesome to come back and play for India in a World Cup again. If it doesn’t happen, life goes on, and it will be hard to accept, but I’ll have to accept it,” he said.

UP to have India s longest six-lane access expresswayYou are here: Home > Collections
Akhilesh Yadav government signs pact for India's longest six lane access controlled expressway
Man Mohan Rai, ET Bureau Oct 29, 2014, 09.23PM IST
Tags:
Afcons Infrastructure
(Talking about the project,…)
LUCKNOW: In a major step forward towards building India's longest six lane access controlled expressway, the Akhilesh Yadav government on Wednesday signed the agreement with private companies who bid the lowest for constructing it.
The agreement was signed by UP Expressway Industrial Development Authority ( UPEIDA ), Chairman and CEO, Navneet Sehgal on behalf of the state government and representatives of the four companies tasked to build it.
The expressway has been divided into five stretches for handing out the contracts. In the EPC (Engineering-Procurement-Construction) based bidding process L&T had emerged as the lowest bidder for the Lucknow to Unnao stretch, Afcons Infrastructure for Unnao to Kannauj, Nagarjuna Construction Company for Kannauj to Etawah, Afcons Infrastructure for Etawah to Firozabad and PNC Infratech for Firozabad to Agra. The lowest bidders were declared on August 13 and the MoU with these companies were signed on Wednesday in the presence of Chief Secretary Alok Ranjan.
Talking about the project, Navneet Sehgal said that the 302 km long Lucknow to Agra Expressway would be the country longest access controlled six lane expressway. He said that the project would cost nearly 15,000 crore of which Rs 11,526 crore would be for construction of the expressway and the rest for purchasing land at market rates.
The big plus for the project has been the fast paced acquisition of land. Sehgal said that more than 75 per cent of the land needed has already been acquired and the remaining too would be in possession shortly. A total 3,100 hectares of land is needed for construction of the expressway of which 2300 hectares has already been acquired by the government.
The six lane expressway would be 110 meters wide and would cut down travel time from Lucknow to Agra from existing eight hours to less than four hours.
Interestingly the expressway would pass through the Yadav fiefdom of Etawah, Mainpuri and Kannauj and also link the industrial town of Kanpur.
The Lucknow to Agra expressway is one of the pet projects of Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav which has now been set rolling. Sehgal said that it will link Lucknow to the west UP region bringing rapid economic growth to the entire region. Officials said that the expressway construction is expected to be completed in three years time.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Maruti Suzuki reports 28.6% rise in Q2 profitMaruti Suzuki reports 28.6% rise in Q2 profit, stock rises
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 30, 2014  | 14:09 IST
The country's largest carmaker Maruti Suzuki India (MSI) on Thursday reported a 28.69 per cent increase in net profit at Rs 862.54 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2014-15 on account of growth in domestic sales.
It had posted net profit of Rs 670.23 crore in the same period last fiscal, MSI said in a statement.
Net sales during Q2, 2014-15, stood at Rs 11,996.33 crore, up 17.47 per cent as against Rs 10,211.83 crore in the same quarter of last fiscal.
MSI sold 3,21,898 units of vehicles during Q2, a growth of 16.80 per cent, compared with 2,75,586 units in the corresponding year-ago period.
Sales in the domestic market stood at 2,87,687 units, up 19.09 per cent while exports were at 34,211 units, up marginally by 0.54 per cent.
"Growth in domestic sales and cost reduction initiatives by the company contributed significantly to bottomline growth during the quarter," Maruti said.
Meanwhile, the Board of Directors of the company have recommended an increase in the FII limit to 40 per cent, from 24 per cent currently.
Maruti's net profit during half year period ended September 30, 2014 stood at Rs 1624.82 crore, up 24.8 per cent, as against Rs 1,301.84 crore in the same period last year.
During half year period ended September 30, 2014, the company sold a total of 6,21,792 vehicles, an increase of 14.7 per cent and its net sales stood at Rs 23,069.84 crore, up 14.2 per cent over the same period last year.
The MSI scrip was trading at Rs 3,248.70 apiece, up 1.35 per cent, on the BSE.

Tough talk as tacticUpdated: October 30, 2014 01:14 IST
Tough talk as tactic
Maharashtra
After having striven hard to emerge as the single largest party in Maharashtra, the Bharatiya Janata Party seems intent on preserving its newly gained advantage vis-à-vis former ally Shiv Sena: the party is continuing with the tough posture it adopted during the pre-election seat-sharing talks. The go-it-alone tactic for the Assembly election was finalised as part of a long-term strategy, and the BJP is in no mood to surrender its lead over other parties, especially the Shiv Sena. Excessive concessions in terms of ministerial berths would have nullified the gains from the success of the gamble the party took in contesting the election without a major ally. The BJP could not afford to be seen as bowing to pressures from its allies. One of the reasons why the Congress came across as weak and ineffectual during the United Progressive Alliance’s years in power was the unreasonable pressure exerted by its allies on the government. Evidently, the BJP does not want to repeat the same mistakes, especially when it has a majority of its own in the Lok Sabha. The tough talk with allies was also a message to the electorate: the party would not give in to unreasonable demands of allies for the sake of power. With the Nationalist Congress Party offering unconditional support, the BJP had the luxury of driving a hard bargain with the Sena. Of course, sooner or later the NCP too would demand its price for the support, but for now the BJP is hoping to play the Sena against the NCP.
When Devendra Fadnavis takes oath as Chief Minister on Friday, he will still have to balance the Sena and the NCP with some help from the BJP’s national leadership. The NCP, which was part of the previous government led by the Congress, and which was attacked by the BJP during the campaign as corrupt, is unlikely to be accommodated in the Ministry. A weakened and chastised Sena, shorn of its pretensions to being the biggest party in Maharashtra, is what the BJP is hoping to accommodate in its government. But the very fact that the BJP is going ahead and staking claim to form the government without tying up an agreement with the Sena, shows the party’s new-found confidence. But unlike the BJP-led government at the Centre, the Fadnavis government will have only limited room for manoeuvre, dependent as it is on the support of other parties. Whether as opponent or ally, the Sena is not easy to deal with. Mr. Fadnavis would do well to concentrate on the growth and development plank, giving a boost to commerce and industry, leaving the political management to the party leadership. That is the best way to skirt contentious issues such as statehood for Vidarbha, on which the BJP deliberately maintains an ambiguous stand.

Kaziranga reopens for tourists on SaturdayPrint
The 858-sq km national park had witnessed a record 1,25,911 tourists during 2013-14, of whom 6922 were foreign tourists.
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: October 30, 2014 9:57 pm | Updated: November 1, 2014 9:22 pm
Kaziranga National Park, home to the highest number of great one-horned rhinoceros, reopened for visitors on Saturday after a gap of six months, with the first batch of tourists to avail the elephant safari comprising visitors from Australia, the US and UK.
While state forest and environment minister Rakibul Hussain flagged off the first group of 30 tourists on 13 elephants at the Kohora range, 19 other elephants took 40 tourists into the Bagori range. Later in the, tourists also availed jeep safari, though through a limited route.
“The first day’s tourists could see nearly two dozen rhinos including several calves, while visitors also spotted herds of swamp deer, hog deer, water buffalo, elephants, langur, wild boar and birds,” said Park director MK Yadava.
The 858-sq km national park also has the highest density of Royal Bengal tigers in the world, but spotting a tiger was not easy on the first day on Saturday. The last census had put Kaziranga’s tiger population at 118.
Kaziranga, the most important tourist destination in Northeastern India had a record arrival of 1,25,911 tourists during 2013-14, of whom 6922 were foreign tourists, mostly from European countries and the US. The number of domestic tourists has registered a significant increase over the years, from 53,640 during 2007-08 to over 1.19 lakh in the last tourist season. Likewise, the number of foreign tourist has jumped from 3772 in 2003-04 to 6922 during 2013-14.
Recognized as the biggest conservation success story of the 20th century, relentless efforts put in by the authorities have witnessed the increase of one-horned rhino population in Kaziranga from just about 20 pairs in 1905 to 2329 animals as found in the census conducted in 2013.

Intelligence report  on Ajmal s jihadi  links  rock AssamMembers of BJP burn the effigy of AIUDF chief Badaruddin Ajmal in Guwahati. (Source: PTI)
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: October 30, 2014 10:18 pm
An intelligence report supposedly sent to the Centre by a security agency pointing at the alleged role of the All India United Democratic Front (AIUDF) and Jamiat Ulema-e-Hind in recruiting Muslim youths from Assam for jihadi training in Bangladesh has rocked Assam in the past couple of days, with different parties and groups demanding a high-level investigation into the charges.
Groups critical of the AIUDF, whose president and Lok Sabha member Maulana Badruddin Ajmal is also head of the Jamiat Ulema-e-Hind in Assam, have already taken to the streets in protest. Bajrang Dal, a constituent of the sangh parivar meanwhile has called a 12-hour bandh on Friday demanding arrest of Ajmal. The BJP and its other sister groups on the other hand burnt effigies of Ajmal for the second consecutive day on Thursday.
Ajmal meanwhile has denied the allegations and rushed to New Delhi to meet prime minister Narendra Modi and home minister Rajnath Singh and demand a probe on what he described as baseless, unfounded and fabricated allegations that are intended at tarnishing the image of his party as well as himself.
Chief minister Tarun Gogoi however said the state government had no such input or report linking Ajmal, AIUDF and Jamiat Ulema-e-Hind to any jihadi organization. “The government does not have any such information,” Gogoi said. State home department officials too denied having any such input, but said security agencies had kept an eye on certain pockets of where jihadi elements had reportedly reached out in the backdrop of the Burdwan incident.
The BJP however has not only hit out at Ajmal on the basis of the purported intelligence report, but also held the ruling Congress party responsible for the rise of fundamental groups in the state. Particularly vocal is Guwahati Lok Sabha member and senior BJP leader Bijoya Chakravarty who said it was because of a weak Congress government in the state that jihadi groups have extended their tentacles to Assam.

Jakhau port turns ghost town as evacuation startsPrint
Written by Gopal B Kateshiya | Naliya (kutch) | Posted: October 30, 2014 10:21 pm
The district administration of Kutch heaved  a sigh of relief on Thursday as Met department said cyclone Nilofar brewing in the Arabian Sea had weakened further and that it would make landfall near Naliya coast as a deep depression on Friday night.  However, the government went ahead with its disaster mitigation plan and evacuated around 8600 people living on the long shoreline of the district as a precuationary measure.
Police and other government department employees started evacuatiing people from ports and fishing hamlets from 8 am onwards. As many as 75 buses of Gujarat State Road Transport Corporation were pressed into service to shift people from coastal villages to temporary relief centres set 15 km inland.
By 4 pm, 2831 people had been shifted to relief centres in Abdasa taluka alone while the figure for entire district stood at 8686. Naliya town, around 30 away from coastline is headquarter of Abdasa taluka and the Met department has predicted that the cyclone will make landfall near this town.
Jakhau port, around 30 km west of Naliya and which is near the richest fishing waters in the state, got special attention of the authorities as if it is feared the cyclone may hit this part the hardest. By evening, almost all of 2300 fishermen of the port were shifted to relief centres in Jakhau village and BSF quarters and Odhavram community hall in Naliya.
648 fishing boats are registered at Jakhau port and officials said all of them had returned by Thursday morning.
By 2 pm, the usually bustling hamlet had turned into a ghost town. Huts were locked while a few men hung around their boats.
“I have been fishing here for the last 35 years and never ever in my life have I seen such an action on the part of the government. This is good for the safety of our lives. But I am also concerned about safety of my boat worth Rs7 lakh. I would insist on being around to stabilize my vessel when the cyclone hits,” said Naran Tandel (56), a fisherman originally from Kosamba village in Valsad distirct in southern Gujarat.
Tandel said police had peruaded his wife Jyoti to accompany other women in the locality to go to Naliya.
Others shifted to their residences in nearby villages while the rest were persuaded to pay visit to their relatives. “I know this means loss of daily wages for me and my husband. But there is no choice. So I am returning to our home in Jakhau village,” said Havabai Koli, a fisherwoman, while locking her hutment in port and preparing to board a bus.
She said her two sons and a daughter-in-law had already reached Jakhau village.
Ramesh Koli, owner of a fishing trawler named Chandani, said his boat was life of his entire family. “If it is damaged in the storm, I don’t have means to buy another. But there is no choice. So me and my family are paying a visit to a cousin brother in Jakhau village,” said the 28-year-old boat owner.

Russia warns citizens not to travel abroad because of EbolaBy Karoun Demirjian October 30 Follow @karoun
People have their temperature taken at the entrance of Canton Fair in Guangzhou, Guangdong province, China, on Oct. 26. (Alex Lee/Reuters)
Fears about the spread of Ebola have driven many countries to restrict incoming travelers from abroad. In Russia, those same fears are being given as an official reason why Russians shouldn't leave home.
The head of Russia’s main health watchdog agency recommended Thursday that Russians should forego vacations and other travel over the winter holidays so as not to expose themselves to infection during the global Ebola crisis.
“These holidays would be better spent in Russia,” said Anna Popova, head of the agency. “Given the unstable situation in the world for infectious diseases, it is recommended to reduce all possible travel and vacation abroad.”
Many countries have advised their populations to avoid all non-essential travel to countries that have been  particularly hard-hit  in the Ebola crisis, such as Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone.
But Popova’s blanket recommendation against all foreign travel comes at a time when Russia is making several moves to isolate itself from the West, either by directly restricting or by subtly pressuring certain groups of citizens from going to countries that have sanctioned Russia in the past several months.
In April, shortly after the United States sanctioned Russia over its annexation of Crimea, the Russian government decided to ban nearly all foreign travel for several million employees of the federal government who work in agencies dealing with various aspects of national security. That same month, Russia’s foreign ministry also warned citizens “about the possibility of being detained or arrested” if they traveled abroad, because U.S. law enforcement agencies were actively “hunting” for Russians in other countries to convict in the United States on “usually dubious charges.”
This month, Russian parliamentarians were asked to surrender their diplomatic passports to administrative authorities between official trips, which will likely reduce those individuals' foreign travel.
The changes have given rise to various worried rumors among Russians that their government may eventually adopt the sort of exit visa requirements and travel restrictions that were employed during the Soviet Union. Tourism experts report that the number of Russians traveling abroad is already falling – a phenomenon partly fueled by the fact that over the summer, several Russian tour companies, squeezed by rising political tensions and a weakening ruble, declared bankruptcy, causing many Russians to opt to stay at home.
In 2012, Russia’s tourism agency recorded that Russians took almost 48 million trips abroad, about 15 million of which were for tourism. But according to a poll from March of this year, only 17 percent of Russians hold a passport for foreign travel, and 70 percent of Russians have never been outside the country.
As for Ebola, Russia has yet to report a single case in-country, despite unofficial predictions that the disease might arrive by late October. Popova’s agency has been developing and testing a vaccine to combat the virus for the past few months, and alerting residents through near-daily statements to the media that Russia is fully prepared to handle any cases that might arise.
Ebola is highly fatal, but not communicable unless one is exposed to the bodily fluids of an infected person.
Karoun Demirjian is a reporting fellow in The Post's Moscow bureau. She previously served as the Washington Correspondent for the Las Vegas Sun, and reported for the Associated Press in Jerusalem and the Chicago Tribune in Chicago.

Bad loans surge at Chinas biggest banksBad loans surge at China’s biggest banks
Gabriel Wildau in Shanghai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6b3a24de-601b-11e4-98e6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Global army hot on the trail of trollsOctober 30, 2014 1:22 pm
The invisible global army hot on the trail of trolls
Emma Jacobs
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/632d63c8-59fe-11e4-be86-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Something is rotten in the heart of online information exchangeRemember me on this computer
Sign in
"Remember me" uses a cookie. View our Cookie Policy .
Search

Internet provocateurs are best not fedAugust 22, 2014 10:50 pm
Internet provocateurs are best not fed
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/dadc6b04-26e0-11e4-8df5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

ITC  Mahindra & Mahindra  Bharti Airtel in Focus TodayYou are here: Home Cheat Sheet
ITC, Mahindra & Mahindra, Bharti Airtel in Focus Today
NDTV | Updated On: October 31, 2014 15:16 (IST)
Tweet
The Nifty opened higher on Friday tracking global markets and futures trade on Singapore Stock Exchange. Foreign investors increased their buying momentum on Thursday as they have bought shares worth Rs 1,257 crore in cash market. Domestic investors were net sellers to the tune of Rs 94 crore on Thursday.
Here are the stocks to track in trade today:
ITC will report its earnings for the July-September quarter today. As per analysts polled by NDTV its net profit is likely to grow 10 per cent year-on-year (y-o-y) to Rs 2,443 crore, while its revenue is seen growing 16 per cent y-o-y to Rs 9,043 crore. Its cigarette volume is likely to decline 2.5 to 3 per cent.
Mahindra & Mahindra will report its earnings for the July-September quarter today. As per analysts polled by NDTV the company is likely to post a net profit of Rs 929 crore on sales of Rs 9,432 crore. Its earning are not comparable with previous year's earnings because of the merger of its loss making truck business with itself.
GAIL will report its earnings for the second quarter of FY15 today. Its net profit is expected to grow 9 per cent y-o-y to Rs 994 crore, while its revenue is seen growing 5 per cent y-o-y to Rs 1,4660 crore.
NMDC will report its numbers for the Q2 of FY15 today. As per analysts polled by NDTV its net profit is likely to grow 25 per cent y-o-y to Rs 1,647 crore and its revenue is seen growing 22 per cent y-o-y to Rs 3,025 crore.
Bharti Airtel reported better-than-estimated earnings for the July-September quarter of FY15 on Thursday post market hours. The company reported a net profit of Rs 1,383 crore on sale of Rs 22,845 crore. Analysts polled by NDTV had estimated its net profit at Rs 1,287 crore on sale of Rs 23,227 crore.
Thermax has bagged a contract worth Rs 321 crore from a leading African Conglomerate for setting up a captive power plant in Africa.
Hindustan Unilever/ Dewan Housing Finance go ex-dividend today. HUL had declared a dividend of Rs 6 per share while Dewan Housing had announced a dividend of Rs 4 per share.
Titan Company reported in-line set of earnings for the second quarter of FY15 on Thursday post market hours. The company reported a profit of Rs 240 crore on sales of Rs 3,565 crore. Analysts polled by NDTV had estimated its profit at Rs 239 crore on sale of Rs 3,256 crore.
Story first published on: October 31, 2014 09:22 (IST)

Sexiest Halloween parties of the world!Photo uploaded by Shailendra Dhodi
on Oct 30, 2013 , 05:11 pm
5010 Views  |  2  Comments  |  
Report Abuse
Halloween is one of the world's oldest holidays that is still celebrated today in a number of countries around the globe.
Halloween is one of the world's oldest holidays that is still celebrated today in a number of countries around the globe.

Turning young: Dabur Chyawanprash in biscuits and barsYou are here: Home > Collections > Emami
Dabur Chyawanprash to be launched in biscuits and bars variants to attract young customers
Ratna Bhushan, ET Bureau Oct 31, 2014, 11.11AM IST
Tags:
Biscuit
(abur will soon roll out Chyawanprash…)
NEW DELHI: Dabur will soon roll out Chyawanprash in biscuit and snack bar variants as part of its bid to make the 'traditional' brand appealing to young consumers and make the 130-year-old company 'future ready'.
KK Chutani, chief marketing officer and executive director for consumer care business at Dabur, said the company plans to modernise its over half-a-century-old brand Dabur Chyawanprash, along with other brands in its portfolio such as Hajmola digestive candy and Pudin Hara.
While biscuits is an over Rs 10,000-crore category with Parle and Britannia leading it, snack bars as a category has not yet picked up in the country. Dabur dominates theRs 550-crore chyawanprash category with close to 65% share followed by Emami. While the category has been growing 10%-12% a year, with its brown sticky appearance, chyawanprash has a non-contemporary feel.
Dabur and Emami have always been trying to make it more appealing to consumers. Between the two brands, some of the biggest names in the entertainment and sports world, including Shah Rukh Khan, Madhuri Dixit and MS Dhoni, have endorsed chyawanprash.
While Dixit is currently the face of Dabur Chyawanprash, the company has roped in Anil Kapoor to endorse a soon-to-be launched premium variant, which offers to boost 'stamina and vitality'. Hence the choice of roping in the 50-plus Kapoor.
FEATURED ARTICLES

IT stocks on a high: Infosys tops 4 000  hits life high thanks to recovering US economyYou are here: Home > Collections > Infosys
IT stocks on a roll; Infosys tops 4000 levels, hits fresh lifetime high
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 31, 2014, 11.53AM IST
(The US economy grew at a solid…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE IT index has been on an uptrend in the past week on increased optimism that the U.S. economy is showing signs of recovery. The rally in the index was led by gains in Infosys, TCS, Wipro, and HCL Technologies.
The US economy grew at a solid annual rate of 3.5 per cent in the July-September quarter. The economy shrank at a 2.1 per cent rate in the first three months of the year due to a harsh winter.
"If you look at it over the last several months, there have been just four or five sectors which have been significant contributors as far as markets are concerned," says Nipun Mehta of Blue Ocean Capital Advisors.
"These are IT, pharma, autos, private banks, and to some extent oil and gas. Our sense is these are the five sectors which will again, going forward, continue to contribute to the up move," he added.
Infosys rose to fresh lifetime high, above level of Rs 4,000. The stock rose as much as 1.8 per cent to hit its fresh lifetime high of Rs 4,019.95. The stock has rallied over 10 per cent post Q2 results.
At 09:50 a.m.; BSE IT index was trading 1.4 per cent higher at 10644, as compared to 0.8 per cent rally seen in the BSE Sensex.
Infosys was trading 1.5 per cent higher at Rs 4006.95. It hit a low of Rs 3973.05 and a lifetime high of Rs 4019.95 in trade today.
Tata Consultancy Services was trading 1.4 per cent higher at Rs 2593 and HCL Technologies was trading 2.3 per cent higher at Rs 1614.25.
OFSS was trading 1.7 per cent higher at Rs 3385 and Tech Mahindra was up 1.5 per cent to Rs 2519.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Dhoom-2 style bank heist cracked  accused found dead in SonipatComments
Haryana police claim to have cracked a bank robbery case in Sonipat with the arrest of three persons, allegedly involved in the heist.
Police recovered the body of Mahipal— the alleged accused in the case and the owner of the house under which the tunnel had been dug— from a secluded stretch of the Gohana-Panipat road on Thursday afternoon.
Mahipal is suspected to have committed suicide by consuming some poisonous substance, police said. His body has been sent for autopsy.
Police arrested three other accused in the case and recovered around 23 kg looted gold, silver ornaments and cash from them, said state director general of police SN Vashishth.
The accused, who have been identified Surinder, Balraj and Satish were arrested from Katwal village on Thursday, he said.
Police are conducting more raids to arrest others allegedly involved in the robbery, he added.
Robbers dug a 125-feet long tunnel to enter the locker room of a Punjab National Bank branch in Gohana on Sunday night and decamped with valuables worth crores of rupees.
A police man investigates the tunnel dug up by the robbers in Gohana bank heist, in Sonipat on Thursday. (HT Photo)
The heist, which came to light Monday, had shaken the state police and the newly-inducted BJP government in the state.
Sources in the police team, which cracked the case, said police got a specific lead after the DGP announced a reward of Rs. 10 lakh on Monday.
After questioning bank officials and known criminals in the area, police zeroed in on the accused by tapping their mobile phones, they said.

Manappuram Finance Q2 profit rises by 10% to Rs 76.43 crManappuram Finance Q2 profit rises by 10 per cent to Rs 76.43 crore
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 31, 2014  | 12:52 IST
Photo: Reuters
Manappuram Finance on Thursday posted net profit increased by 10 per cent to Rs 76.43 crore in the second quarter ended September 30, 2014-15.
It had posted a profit after tax of Rs 69.71 crore in the July-September period 2013-14.
"Profitability increased as our yields improved by 3 per cent in the quarter," Manappuram Finance Managing Director and CEO V P Nandkumar said.
However, its total income in Q2, 2014-15 was down at Rs 502.84 crore as against Rs 544.11 crore in the year-ago period.
The company's total assets under management (AUM) also fell by 7.3 per cent to Rs 8,530.09 crore from Rs 9,201.70 crore in the same period last year.
The company disbursed gold loans worth Rs 5,835 crore, a growth of 16 per cent, as against Rs 5,033.30 crore in the same period last year.
Its tier-I capital stood at 26.83 per cent as of September 30.
Nandkumar said that company also plans to buy a stake in Chennai-based microfinance company Ashirwad Microfinance.

Deepika Padukone to romance Salman Khan in a YRFfilmWill Salman be as lucky for Deepika as frenemy Shah Rukh?
By: Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: October 31, 2014 11:54 am | Updated: October 31, 2014 2:52 pm
Bollywood beauty Deepika Padukone is riding high on the success of her newly released, ‘Happy New Year’. She may have romanced superstar Shah Rukh Khan three times onscreen, and if reports are to believed, the ‘Finding Fanny’ beauty will now be seen opposite Salman Khan.
The duo will apparently share screen space in a Yash Raj film, to be directed by Ali Abbas Zafar.
Salman Khan has previously teamed up with YRF for ‘Ek Tha Tiger’ that saw him romance former flame Katrina Kaif.
Will Salman be as lucky for Deepika as frenemy Shah Rukh?

What should be CM Fadnavis toppriorityDevendra Fadnavis will swear in as the CM of Maharashtra today. (Source: PTI photo)
By: Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: October 31, 2014 11:50 am
To make Mumbai a world-class city, there has to be accountability for time-bound implementation of projects. We currently have five different agencies handling various projects with no coordination. There should be a single agency handling infrastructure projects.
Also, now that there are no coalition compulsions, the new CM should set up a new governance system.
- Narinder Nayar, (Chairperson of Bombay First)
Maharashtra is a plentifully endowed state. Trade, commerce, IT, manufacturing, services, tourism — there are capabilities across sectors. Also, our timezone makes us ideal for an international financial centre between Tokyo and London. The new CM should push for that.
- Ajit Gulabchand, (CMD, HCC)
In the health sector, the most important thing that the new government should stress on is emergency medical services. The previous government had rolled out a ‘108’ ambulance service, but simply introducing an ambulance service is not the solution. It has to be efficient, and help should actually reach within the golden hour.
- Dr Gustad Daver, (Medical Director, Reliance Foundation)
Different approvals required for housing projects should be faster. Redtape and delays in clearances are the only reasons for the industry to be ailing right now. The government should set strict timelines during which approvals should be granted.
Vimal Shah, president of MCHI-CREDAI, an umbrella organization of real estate developers
The state council for higher education should be made functional. It currently exists, but there hasn’t been a meeting. There should also be region-specific community colleges for vocational training with an option of mainstream degree courses as well. Currently, the industrial training institutes focus only on vocational training. The government should also introduce more courses for professions such as nurses and midwives.
- Abhay Pethe, (Economics professor at Mumbai University)
HOPES & WISHES
# I look forward to a more investor-friendly and industrially-advanced Maharashtra.
- Sanjay Kirloskar, Deputy Chairman, CII Western Region & CMD of Kirloskar Brothers Ltd
# I hope the CM will take immediate measures to develop the industry and boost the economic growth of the state.
- Ashwini Malhotra, Chairman, CII Maharashtra State Office & MD, Weikfield Foods
# The Congress-NCP government set the state on the development path. It would be good if Devendra Fadnavis can carry it forward. It will be a daunting task. I wish him all the best.
- Prithviraj Chavan, former CM

In pics: A look back at 1984 anti-Sikh riotsComments
The 1984 anti-Sikh riots are one of the worst massacres that Independent India has witnessed. Thousands of lives were lost, thousands were thrown out of their houses.
Friday would mark the 30th anniversary of the riots. A lot of people still haven't recovered from the losses they suffered then. 
Here are few photos which display the beastality that was unleashed in 1984:  
A file photo showing a part of Delhi’s Trilokpuri area where a person from every house was burnt in the 1984 riots.
File photo of riots at Azadpur sabzi mandi and fruit mandi.
The violence was chiefly aimed at Sikhs and destruction of Sikh properties.
As per reports, over 20,000 people fled their homes. This photo shows a refugee camp in Kalyan Puri, Delhi.
Indira Gandhi's cremation was held at 'Shakti Sthal', near Raj Ghar in Delhi. The funeral was attended by around 3 million people.
File photo showing Delhi, the nation’s capital became a funeral pyre for three days, from October 31 to November 3 in 1984.
A roofless charred mud house and vehicles burnt out of shape bear testimony to the savegery unleashed by mobs in the block 32 of trilokpuri on November 1, 1984.
Carrying black flags and portrait of Indira Gandhi, people carrying a procession in Srinagar. This was a protest to condemn her assassination.
File photo: A man walks though roofless, charred mud houses in Trilokpuri a day after hundreds of Sikhs were massacred in the wake of India gandhi's assassination.
 
People during foundation laying ceremony of 'November 1984 Sikh Genocide Memorial' at Gurudwara Rakab Ganj in New Delhi.(Arvind Yadav/HT Photo)
Ajeet Singh a victim of 1984 riots at his residence at Tilak Vihar, in New Delhi.(Vipin Kumar/ HT Photo)

2G scam: Raja  Kanimozhi  Dayalu Ammal charged with money launderingComments
“I hope you’re all pleading guilty,” he said in open court. However, all the accused said they pleaded not guilty. The trial will be held on November 11, and the court will begin by examining the complainant and ED’s joint director Himanshu Kumar Lal.
The agency had on April 25 filed its charge sheet which accused 10 individuals and nine companies of being in “connivance” with each other to “park” illegal gratification of Rs. 223.55 crore in Kalaignar TV.
The gratification was received from the promoters of DB Realty Group and Swan Telecom Shahid Balwa and Vinod K Goenka. It was given to A Raja and MK Dayalu, K Kanimozhi and Sharad Kumar through various companies as a “bribe for grant of telecom licences to DB Group companies”.
In its 208-page order, the court noted that Raja was “actually involved in the process of refund of the proceeds of crime of Rs. 223.55 crore in order to wriggle out of the charges of crime”. The whole amount was “proceeds of crime,” it added.
Senior DMK leaders in Chennai declined comment on the fresh development beyond saying, “We will fight the issue legally.”
Besides Raja, Kanimozhi and Dayalu Ammal, the individual co-accused in the case are Shahid Balwa, Vinod Goenka, directors of Kusegaon Fruits and Vegetables Pvt Ltd Asif Balwa and Rajiv Agarwal, Kalaignar TV (KTV) MD Sharad Kumar, its director P Amirtham and Bollywood producer Karim Morani.
The court also framed charges against the nine accused firms including Swan Telecom and Kalaignar TV. It observed that the allegations of money laundering and bribery against the accused were “factual and credible”.

Rishi Kapoor discharged fromhospitalVeteran actor Rishi Kapoor has been discharged from the hospital where he was admitted after suffering from malaria, said a source.
By: Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai | Posted: October 31, 2014 12:09 pm
Veteran actor Rishi Kapoor has been discharged from the hospital where he was admitted after suffering from malaria, said a source.
The 62-year-old was hospitalised Wednesday at the Lilavati hospital, and he was discharged Thursday night.
“Rishi Kapoor is absolutely fine now and he got discharged last night (Thursday night),” a source close to the family old IANS.
The “Bobby” and “Karz” fame actor, 62, was recently seen in “Do Dooni Chaar” and “Student of the Year”.

Nilofar weakens into a low pressure area  moderate rainfall in Naliya andBhujPrint
Written by Ritu Sharma | Ahmedabad | Posted: October 31, 2014 12:48 pm | Updated: October 31, 2014 1:10 pm
The severe cyclonic storm Nilofar that weakened into a depression over Northeast Arabian Sea, moved northeastwards and further weakened into a well-marked low-pressure area, as per the latest Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) reports.
As an effect, Naliya in the western part of Kutch district received rainfall on Friday morning. The moderate rainfall that started at around 9 am turned into a drizzle after an hour and half.
It also rained in Jakhau village, Jakhau port, Kothara and other villages of Abdasa taluka. Naliya taluka headquarter of Abdasa is around 90 km west of Kutch district headquarters Bhuj. The town is around 30 km away from shoreline and it is here that the cyclone is predicted to make landfall as a depression later on Friday night.
The weather changed in Bhuj too with dark clouds and rainfall reported in the morning. However, there were no reports of rain in other coastal talukas like Gandhidham and Mundra though a thick cloud cover prevailed.
The change in weather was also felt in Ahmedabad. While the residents enjoyed the cool morning breeze, the weather remained pleasant after a long wait for cooler days and onset of winter despite at the end of October.
The Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) has predicted moderate rainfall at many places over Kutch and Saurashtra during next 24 hrs. Squally wind speed reaching 35-45 kmph gusting to 55 kmph would prevail along and off Gujarat coast during next 24 hours.
Though sea condition along and off Gujarat coast will be moderate to rough during next 24 hours. Fishermen along and off Gujarat coast are advised not to venture into the sea during next 24 hours. Thousands of people have already been evacuated from coastal villages as a precautionary measure.

2G PMLA case: A Raja  Kanimozhi  Dayalu Ammal & others put on trial2G PMLA case
(As soon as the court pronounced…)
NEW DELHI: Former Telecom Minister A Raja , MP Kanimozhi, DMK supremo M Karunanidhi's wife Dayalu Ammal and 16 others were today put on trial in a 2G scam related case by a special court which observed that charges of money laundering are prima facie made out against all of them.
Special CBI Judge O P Saini framed charges under section 120B (criminal conspiracy) of the IPC and under the provision of the Money Laundering Act against 19 accused, including 10 individuals and nine companies, who were charge sheeted by the Enforcement Directorate (ED) in connection with the case.
"All charges are prima facie made out against each accused for laundering of money of Rs 200 crore from DB Group company to Kalaignar TV Pvt Ltd ," the judge said.
As soon as the court pronounced its order, the judge asked all the accused that whether they were pleading guilty to the offence or were claiming trial.
To this, all the accused said that they claim trial for the charges framed against them.
ED, in its charge sheet, had alleged that the accused were involved in the Rs 200-crore money transaction which was not "bonafide" and "genuine" and it was a "bribe for grant of telecom licences to DB Group companies" by Raja.
The agency had claimed that the series of transactions relating to transfer of Rs 200 crore from DB group company to DMK-run Kalaignar TV through Kusegaon Fruits and Vegetables Pvt Ltd and Cineyug Films Pvt Ltd were not "genuine business transaction".
Besides Raja, Kanimozhi and Dayalu Ammal, the other accused in the case are Shahid Usman Balwa, Vinod Goenka, Directors of Kusegaon Fruits and Vegetables Pvt Ltd Asif Balwa and Rajiv Agarwal, Sharad Kumar, Bollywood producer Karim Morani and P Amirtham.
Countering the allegations, Raja and Kanimozhi had argued that documents filed along with the ED's complaint nowhere show that they were connected with Rs 200-crore transaction from DB group to Kalaignar TV.
Similarly, other co-accused, including Swan Telecom Pvt Ltd promoters Shahid Usman Balwa and Vinod Goenka, had argued that there were no evidence to connect them with the alleged crime and its proceeds.
According to ED, Kanimozhi and co-accused Sharad Kumar, MD of Kalaignar TV, were having 20 per cent stake each in the TV channel while Dayalu Ammal was holding the rest 60 per cent stake. All the individual accused in the case are presently out on bail.
In its charge sheet, ED had claimed that its probe into the case emanates from the 2G spectrum allocation scam and the accused had allegedly conspired and committed offences under provisions of the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA).
ED has also named Swan Telecom Pvt Ltd, Kusegaon Realty Pvt Ltd (formerly known as Kusegaon Fruits and Vegetables Pvt Ltd), Cineyug Media and Entertainment Pvt Ltd (formerly known as Cineyug Films Pvt Ltd), Kalaignar TV Pvt Ltd, Dynamix Realty, Eversmile Construction Company Pvt Ltd, Conwood Constructions and Developers (P) Ltd, DB Realty Ltd and Nihar Constructions Pvt Ltd as accused in the case.
ED had alleged that its investigation has revealed that Rs 200 crore was paid to Kalaignar TV by Shahid Usman Balwa and Vinod Goenka through Kusegaon Fruits and Vegetables Pvt Ltd and Cineyug Films Pvt Ltd in the "garb of legitimate financial transactions i.e. as loan/share application money".
The charge sheet claimed that Rs 200 crore, which was paid in return for illegal favours given to Swan Telecom for grant of UAS licence, was repaid with additional money to show that it was a legal transaction.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Industry goes innovative with staff referral plansYou are here: Home > Collections
Industry goes innovative with staff referral plans; offers attractive rewards
Devina Sengupta & Anumeha Chaturvedi, ET Bureau Oct 31, 2014, 01.52PM IST
Tags:
hire
(Employers are ready to dole…)
MUMBAI | NEW DELHI: Get your friend as coworker and take your Harley-Davidson. Companies, from startups to old brick-andmortar giants, are going innovative on rewarding staff who bring potential employees from their networks. Cash rewards are still around but out of fashion, and iPads and iPhones are among the most common prizes. Internet product company Directi is urgently looking for mobile app developers for its new communication business and wants to hire 20 senior developers in two months. It launched an employee referral programme this August and the prizes include a Harley-Davidson bike and Volkswagen Polo car. Previously, it had given away iPads, and that had proved to be immensely successful in filling up urgent vacancies.
SmartPlay, a technology service provider, is offering European holidays along with several other rewards to employees who help recruit fresh staff. Rewards become bigger and novel when the demand is in niche areas.
Employee referral is increasingly becoming an effective recruitment tool. Employers are ready to dole out big rewards to staff who help recruit the right talent because the candidates they bring make the cut more often than those who come through recruitment firms.
The chances of such candidates falling prey to counter offers are found to be lower too, as often the existing staff become brand ambassadors for the company to persuade them to get on board. With the economy now looking set to make a turnaround, the battle for talent has become intense. Many companies, especially in the technology and emerging sectors, are looking to recruit experienced employees in droves, and fast.
Many are turning to their own employees for help."We got 75 resumes in one month and, despite being a regular at top tech colleges, this was the best way to get employees with experience," said Ameya Ayachit, senior manager for talent acquisition at Directi India, which develops mass-market Web products.
The Mumbai-based firm also launched an external referral programme, wherein a candidate seeking a job with the company can refer friends and if those people get selected, then the candidate would get half the monthly salary of the selected employee as an incentive. And, the candidate himself doesn't have to pass the interview to claim this incentive.
"We realised that those who reach the last stages, will have peer group with similar skillset and that is our target lot," Ayachit said. Employee referrals, say companies, have a 50-60% conversion rate, and the chances of retention are higher than those employed via recruitment portals or agencies. Besides, can save on cost, while also rewarding existing staff.
Startups are at the forefront with employee referral programmes, with attractive incentives to net the young workforce. Last week, Bangalore-based taxi aggregator Ola Cabs announced it would give away the newly launched iPhone 6 and paid international holidays for those who refer mid- to senior-level candidates. The company also gives out cash payouts and Ola Money credits which give them free cab rides. Rival Taxi For Sure, launched an employee referral programme for the first time officially this May, offering cash.
It plans to also give away iPhones, gadgets and two-way air fare for domestic holidays starting next month. In fact, some of the startups, which have re- alised the necessity of employee referrals, are making their programmes more attractive. And they include SmartPlay, the company that is offering European holidays. Its fovourite reward for the past four years was iPads.
 
From now on, it would also give away digital SLR cameras, along with smartphones. "It is a task to get engineering and computer science candidates with niche skills in the semiconductor space," said Vice President Vijay Mohan. Last year, it offered trips to Mauritius, and now plans to roll out European holidays that will likely get more traction, Mohan said.
His target is to take referral hires to 50% next year from 35% now. Business and technology service provider Sapient Global Markets introduced Harley-Davidson as its"bumper" prize five weeks ago."It is a competitive market and we need to sell the profile and create internal buzz. Around 25% of our hires are via employee referrals and with these incentives, resume inflow doubles up," said Director, Capacity, Rishi Bhatnagar.
"We plan to make 50% of our hires via this route next year." The offers often become innovative when the demand is for talent that isn't easily available. Last year Sapient Nitro rolled out a referral scheme where above a certain number of hires, the company would take care part of marital expenses of the staff who bring new employees, and education loans, as well as pay a percentage of down payment on car and home loan. Some of the referral schemes are rolled out to meet gender diversity and increase headcount in newer cities.

Sena shields BJP  says lavish swearing-in event to wash off sins of NCP-CongComments
Shiv Sena may be boycotting the swearing-in ceremony of Devendra Fadnavis, but the party Friday defended the BJP over the lavish ceremony saying this will "wash off sins" of the previous government.
BJP National President Amit Shah with Maharashtra CM-designate Devendra Fadnavis during their meeting at his residence in New Delhi. ( Sonu Mehta/HT Photo)
"You (Congress and NCP) have looted Maharashtra in your 15-year-rule and siphoned off thousands of crores of public money. If you are now speaking about a huge amount of money being spent on the oath-taking ceremony, it is nothing but hilarious," the Sena said in an editorial in its mouthpiece 'Saamana'.
Sharad Pawar's NCP, which has already extended outside support to the BJP, had on Thursday lashed out at the saffron party for holding a mega swearing-in ceremony for Fadnavis.
NCP spokesperson Nawab Malik had tweeted: "A party with a difference, hence the most lavish oath-taking ceremony in the history of Maharashtra government formation."  
Earlier, the Congress had on Wednesday accused the BJP of 'compromising' the dignity of the swearing-in ceremony and said the saffron party has turned the event into a festival. "The decorum and seriousness of the swearing-in has been lost," Congress spokesman Anant Gadgil had said.
However, the Sena described the oath-taking ceremony as being held to wash away "sins of the previous government."  
"Maharashtra is saddled with a debt of Rs. 3.5 lakh crore. Why this huge debt? The debt is the result of the (Congress-NCP) coalition government of the last 15 years. Today's ceremony is to wash off the sins committed by them. Organising this ceremony will incur some costs. Since it marks the end of the ego and corruption of the previous government, people will not mind the cost," it said.
The new chief minister should ensure that industrialists who reside in Maharashtra play their part in the state's development and create job opportunities for people, the Sena said.
"We extend our heartfelt greetings to the new chief Minister. Bring good days for Maharashtra and rule happily. This is only what we expect from you," it added.

HRD ministry backtracks on non-veg food in IITsInvestigations into the attacks reveal a well-thought-out plan by the Lashkar-e-Taiba - with active help from Islamabad - to disrupt the assembly elections that have seen record turnouts, sources told HT.
SIMPLY PUT
For the real ‘green shoots’ look at who’s getting hired
Recruiters say the drive to hire employees is often triggered not by actual investment or expansion but on the expectation of that happening - a bit like how the Sensex rises on anticipation of good things happening, writes HT editor-in-chief Sanjoy Narayan.

5 Indian fishermen sentenced to death in Sri Lanka5 Indian fishermen sentenced to death in Sri Lanka
The five Indian fishermen, arrested by the Sri Lankan navy in 2011, were convicted of smuggling drugs.
Yahoo India –  Thu 30 Oct, 2014
NEW DELHI: A Sri Lankan court on Thursday issued death sentence to five Tamil Nadu fishermen for allegedly smuggling drugs, CNN IBN reports.
The Indian fishermen were arrested by the Sri Lankan navy in 2011.
The fishermen have time till November 11 to appeal at the Lankan Supreme Court.
India's Ministry of External Affairs said the government will challenge the order in the upper court.
Spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin was quoted by CNN IBN as saying, "We will take up this matter. Judgment is passed by the lower court. We will challenge this case in the upper court."
Recommend

Watch: NASA rocket explodes after liftoffCrime
NASA rocket explodes
An unmanned Antares rocket exploded during lift-off from NASA’s Wallops flight facility in Virginia on October 28. The rocket was due to transport Orbital Science’s Cygnus craft, and its cargo of supplies, to the International Space Station.
NASA's unmanned Antares rocket explodes on launch - NASA TV1:00
An unmanned Antares rocket explodes seconds after lift off from a commercial launch pad in Virginia, a NASA TV broadcast shows. Rough Cut (no reporter narration).
1 / 16

2G scam: Raja  Kanimozhi to undergo trial on money laundering charges2G scam: Raja  Kanimozhi to undergo trial on money laundering charges
Procter & Gamble gains on steady Q1 earningsProcter & Gamble gains on steady Q1 earnings
Panasonic Carbon India: Outcome of board meetingPanasonic Carbon India: Outcome of board meeting
Board of Castrol India appoints directorBoard of Castrol India appoints director
Oil Futures Rangebound  Brent Hovers Around $86/bblOil Futures Rangebound  Brent Hovers Around $86/bbl
Maruti Suzuki India Limited says car sales growth coolingMaruti Suzuki India Limited says car sales growth cooling
Wankhede ready for Maharashtra CM s mega swearing-inWankhede ready for Maharashtra CM s mega swearing-in
Trade with caution in spot Nifty: Way2WealthTrade with caution in spot Nifty: Way2Wealth
Seen overbought on the charts.Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

U will see rate of 2200-2500 in next 2-3 yrs or maximum 4 yrs.Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Plz advice sell& hold 46byCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

The only way to save kfa and retail investors is to merge it with some...New Member
0 Follower
The only way to save KFA and retail investors is to merge it with some other company. Some rumors say that Anil Ambani may invest but not sure.
12.58 PM Oct 31st

The trouble with trollsThe trouble with online trolls is that they may be right
By Christopher Caldwell
Uncivil rantings are not as uninformed as one might assume
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0f27d868-23b1-11e4-be13-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bloodiest of them allTweet
Behind the numbers: BJP camp office allegedly ransacked by Trinamool Congress workers during a bypoll campaign in North 24 Parganas district. Photo: PT
Behind the numbers: Saraswati Ghosh (sitting), wife of Sagar Ghosh, who was murdered after the panchayat polls. Photo: PTI
Behind the numbers: Polling booth in Jamalpara during the third phase of the panchayat polls on July 19, 2013. Photo: Ashoke Chakrabarty
A potent mix of a violent history and current animosity makes West Bengal the state with the highest number of political murders in the country
The phone rang late that Friday night in Kulberia. Saroj Chowdhury is a familiar face in this village in West Bengal’s North 24 Parganas. His son, he was told, was being dragged away by a band of goons. Hours later, a search party had returned without hope. The next morning, on July 5 this year, the body of 21-year-old Sourav was finally found. Nine pieces of a dismembered corpse lay strewn near the railway tracks. The neck showed signs of strangulation. Devastated by the morbidity of his son’s death, Chowdhury says, “If he were ill or had he died in an accident, I might have been able to console myself, but the manner in which he was murdered doesn’t allow me any comfort whatsoever. Even animals aren’t capable of violence that is this hideous.”
Police investigations and eyewitness reports both held Shyamal Karmakar responsible for Sourav’s brutal murder. Karmakar, an erstwhile Communist Party of India (Marxist) (CPM) henchman, had switched his allegiance to the Trinamool Congress (TMC) in recent years. A committed activist, Sourav had intensified a campaign against his illicit liquor dens in the area. Vengeance, however, may not have been Karmakar’s only motive. Sourav’s 24-year-old brother Sandip says, “My brother worked with the Vishva Hindu Parishad and the TMC. He was interested in social advancement, not politics. His activism was a factor, but I think my father’s work for the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) made him a real target.”
Saroj Chowdhury, 57, confesses that in an environment marked by vendetta, his support for the BJP may have taken his son’s life. “But how can I prove that my son died because I helped campaign for the BJP? How can I prove that this was a political murder?” he asks.
The distraught father’s question could well challenge the National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB) when it tries to verify the number of political murders recorded in West Bengal during 2014. For now, though, the NCRB has released its figures for 2013. With 26 political murders, West Bengal accounts for more than a quarter of the 101 such cases documented nationally. Having earned the ignoble distinction of topping the political killings chart, Bengal is fast leaving behind states that were once more notorious. Bihar, for instance, recorded ‘only’ 12 political murders last year.
Harish Dhawan, member of the People’s Union of Democratic Rights, believes that the figures released by NCRB help negate a utopian assumption. “We’d like to believe that parliamentary political parties abide by the Constitution. These murders tell a different story.” The human rights activist adds that killings by political parties often get disguised as private murders. He says, “this figure of 26 murders only represents the nature of investigations. A political killing might not always be viewed in that precise bracket. The extent of political violence may be far greater.” Dhawan’s deduction is endorsed by much of the state’s Opposition.
While Congress leaders insist that 26 should be multiplied three times over for the sake of accuracy, the CPM claims to have lost over 157 leaders, activists and supporters since Mamata Banerjee became chief minister in 2011. In June this year, the BJP said that West Bengal had witnessed more than 150 political killings since the TMC came to power. They have now revised their estimate to 300. Rahul Sinha, BJP’s state president, asserts that members of his party are now the main target for what he believes is a murderous ruling establishment. “The more insecure the TMC feels, the more killings take place. With the CPM and the Congress rendered insignificant, the ruling party has understood we are the real primary threat.”
Sinha refers to Sourav Chowdhury’s murder, and quickly adds the names of Sheikh Rahim and Sheikh Enamul to his list of political martyrs. Rahim was killed a few weeks after the Lok Sabha elections this summer. Enamul was found murdered in Birbhum on October 9. “The TMC is worried that the BJP is even taking away its Muslim vote base. Their men commit such crimes and roam freely, while our members are the ones who get implicated,” he says. Surprisingly, the BJP leader’s contention is corroborated by a Congressman. Omprakash Mishra, general secretary of West Bengal Pradesh Congress Committee, details the advance of TMC’s dominance, “Misuse of the police and administration for partisan purposes has become so extensive that Trinamool domination is allowed to stamp itself in Bengal without resistance.”
Mishra contests NCRB’s figure of 26 political murders. The real number, he believes, is far higher. But he isn’t surprised to hear that 2013 proved to be a grisly year for West Bengal. “Panchayat elections were held here last year. That’s always a violent affair. Government patronage, contracts and access to funds — all are at stake. Political violence is never just about ideology. It is also a battle for economic supremacy.” Just before the fourth phase of the state’s panchayat polls commenced in July, two Congress workers, Nurmohhamad Sheikh and Ahad Ali were killed after being hit with crude bombs. Pairuddin Sheikh was shot dead and CPM cadre Phatik Sheikh died of a splinter injury. If the CPM’s figures are to be believed, bombings, arson and clashes cost them the lives of 24 workers. While no party can claim absolute innocence, the Opposition blames the TMC for making the election a no-holds-barred contest.
The enemy within
When it comes to advocating violence, Tapas Paul, actor turned TMC MP, leads the pack. Long before he threatened his opponents with rape, he had urged his followers to take the fight to the CPM during the panchayat elections. Addressing a rally last July, he thundered, “Beat sense into them with your shoes. Straighten them out with a thrashing.” Later that month, Manirul Islam, a TMC MLA, took the stage at yet another rally. “The opposition should remember that I, the MLA of Labhpur, have trampled three men to death. I can quash any opposition with a blink of an eye.” Islam, who is accused of being involved in a 2010 murder of three, also threatened a Congress leader: “Mend your ways or it’ll be far easier to behead you.”
It might have been simpler to dismiss these threats as bluster if the efficacy of democratic processes remained unaffected. Evidence, however, suggests otherwise. Anubrata Mondal, TMC chief of the state’s Birbhum district, was taken seriously when he reportedly asked for the houses of independent candidates to be burnt down. Four days after Mondal made his provocative speech, Sagar Ghosh was shot at on July 21. He died two days later. Ghosh’s son Hriday had quit the TMC to contest the panchayat elections as an independent candidate from the village of Kasba, a seat he eventually won. Named in the FIR and plagued by the possibility of a CBI investigation, Mondal appears unfazed. Seeking absolution in deflection, a source close to the TMC leadership said, “We aren’t in the business of giving clean chits, but the media is greedy for headlines. When they’ve nothing else, they’ve invention.”
Sagar Ghosh isn’t the only reason why Anubrata Mondal has been making headlines. On October 12 this year, four contract killers were arrested for the murder of Mondal’s aide Ashok Mukherjee. Mukherjee’s killing in August was intended as retaliation for the 2013 assassination of Ashok Ghosh, leader of a rival TMC faction. According to human rights activist Sujato Bhadra, “If you are to take the NCRB figure of 26 murders in 2013, you can say that six to seven resulted from inter-party conflicts. The rest are all intra-party killings.” Bhadra, who has co-authored the book Political Killings in West Bengal (1977-2010), believes that the TMC is divided into two distinct halves — the old and the new. “Some of those who operated on behalf of the CPM came to join the TMC. That’s your new TMC. The old TMC accepted them with their weapons, their old tendencies and their vested interests, but this created a clash. Now both sides wanted to work in the real estate, construction and syndicate businesses. There just isn’t enough room.”
An eye for an eye
Diptiman Basu also questions the intent of those who switch sides from the CPM to the TMC, but he emphatically defends the TMC and its leader. “When Mamata Banerjee came to power in 2011, she did so with the slogan — ‘Badla noy, badal chai’. (We want change, not revenge.) Had she not contained the resentment that had built up against the CPM, we would have seen a river of blood flow through the state. Three years isn’t enough time. We have 34 years of CPM misrule to fight against,” says Basu, the president of Jatiyotabadi Juba Parishad, a youth organisation.
Largely nonviolent a few posters rendered Jadavpur University (JU) agitations sinister last month. Frustrated by their vice chancellor’s apathy towards a student’s complaint of molestation, some students started demanding his death. Education Minister Partha Chatterjee chose this moment to intervene. “People of Bengal will fight tooth and nail to foil the evil designs of those who want to bring back the politics of murder,” he warned. Ritabrata Banerjee, all-India general secretary of the Students Federation of India, says that while he welcomes Chatterjee’s rhetoric, TMC’s heavy-handedness tells another reality.
Making the case that TMC hoodlums were allowed to enter the JU campus in September, Banerjee compares the West Bengal chief minister to Hitler. “He had his Gestapo in Germany. She has her own Schutzstaffel (SS) in Bengal. The TMC is trying to control every aspect of the political sphere. Political murders are only a manifestation.” Banerjee, a CPM Rajya Sabha member, might be doing more than borrowing an analogy from history. He is also revising it.
Punctuated by the bloodstained tragedies of Singur and Nandigram, CPM’s rise and fall in the state are both bracketed by violent episodes. In 1970, CPM miscreants are believed to have hacked members of the Congress-supporting Sain family to pieces. They were then accused of soaking rice in the blood of their victims and feeding it to the women they had spared. Again in 2009, 100 CPM cadres reportedly attacked Yudhistir Doloi in the state’s Jangri village. They burnt the TMC block president’s house, forcing his family to then witness his dismemberment.
The iniquity of political violence is seemingly a legacy of successive regimes in Bengal. During a crackdown necessitated by the escalation of Naxalite revolt in the 1970s, Siddhartha Shankar Ray’s Congress government is said to have killed more than 1,000 CPM workers. Assumed sympathy for the Naxal cause was reason enough for the state to gun down rivals in broad daylight, but three decades later, Bengal remained as bloody.
On January 7, 2011, nine residents of the state’s Netai village were killed by mercenaries who allegedly worked with the sanction of CPM’s leadership. While the Left blamed Maoists, Mamata Banerjee insists that the villagers had been massacred by CPM’s harmad vahini (hired killers).
Debabrata Bandyopadhyay, Trinamool Rajya Sabha MP, believes that West Bengal had witnessed 55,408 political murders between the years 1977 and 2009. He says, “This state has had a tradition of violence. Take the example of Khudiram Bose. He smilingly went to the gallows for having mistakenly murdered the wife and daughter of a barrister. Gandhiji applied an ointment, yes, but the Left then returned with its long-standing commitment to cruelty. We have always lived under the shadow of terror.” Why then had the overthrow of the Left not impacted the trend of political murders in Bengal? The retired IAS officer was quick to answer — “Power may change hands in a state. That doesn’t always mean a state will change its mindset.”
(Shreevatsa Nevatia is a Kolkata-based writer)
(This article was published on October 24, 2014)

23 Creepy Clowns Guaranteed To Spark Some Halloween Nightmaresreddit
Whether you've recently become obsessed with American Horror Story: Freak Show, you live in Wasco, California , or you are still harnessing suspicions about that circus you were forced to endure as a child, there's a good chance you get goosebumps all over from the mere thought of a clown. The painted smiles, the oversized baby ensembles, the eagerness to please -- there is something infinitely unsettling about the painted creatures who are enlisted to amuse children while doing the exact opposite.
It's difficult to pinpoint exactly why so many people fear these jolly sources of entertainment. Perhaps it's the knowledge that beneath the caked white face makeup and rainbow tufts of hair is a stranger, playing pretend for some unknown motive. In the words of SUNY professor Andrew McConnell Stott, who's long written on the topic of clowns, " It becomes impossible to disassociate the character from the actor."
Whatever the reason, we're not afraid to admit that we're painfully afraid of clowns. And on this most spooky of seasons we've decided to compile the eeriest, strangest and most disturbing gaggle of clowns in art past and present. From Renoir in the 19th century to Cindy Sherman in 2011, the following artists all hold a special place in their hearts nightmares for this particular breed of prankster. Behold, 23 artistic clowns guaranteed to keep your stomach turning until Halloween night.
This ghostly looking clown...

Delhi govt: SC adjourns hearing in AAP plea to Nov 11Print
NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Thursday adjourned the hearing on a petition filed by the Aam Aadmi Party over the dissolution of the Delhi Assembly and calling of fresh elections in the capital till November 11.
The court was to decide on the AAP’s petition today. Meanwhile, news agencies said that Delhi Lt Governor Najeeb Jung will continue discussions with the BJP, the AAP and the Congress over how to go about installing a new government in the capital.
The SC called the Lt Governor’s move to consult all parties over the formation of the government ‘a positive move’. In effect, this gives Najeeb Jung more time to consult with various parties the possibility of forming a new government.
The apex court also said that there could be a minority government installed in Delhi with outside support of some political party.
If the government cannot be formed, then the LG will inform the President.
Since February, when the Arvind Kejriwal-led government suddenly quit after being in power for 49 days, the Delhi Assembly has been under President’s Rule.
The Supreme Court’s five-judge Constitution bench headed by Chief Justice HL Dattu, on Tuesday, had pulled up the Delhi Lt Governor and the Central government for having failed to provide any breakthrough over how a new government would be put in place in the national capital.
The court had said that President's Rule cannot be imposed indefinitely in a democracy and the people had a right to an elected government.
The Supreme Court had slammed the Central government after it informed the court that the President had finally given his approval to the Lt Governor’s proposal to invite the Bharatiya Janata Party to form the government in Delhi.
The Centre was also censured for the delay and questioned the motive behind not forming a government in Delhi at the earliest.
The BJP does not have even a simple majority to form a stable government in Delhi, but is the single largest party in the state. The LG’s proposal was to seek consent to call the single largest party to form a ‘popular government’ in the capital.
Recommend

Gold price falls by Rs 400 on global cuesGold price falls by Rs 400 on global cues
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 30, 2014  | 15:51 IST
Gold prices tumbled by Rs 400 to trade at nearly one-month low of Rs 27,100 per 10 grams in the national capital today on emergence of selling by stockists amid a weak global trend.
Silver followed suit and declined by Rs 550 to Rs 37,850 per kg on poor offtake by industrial units and coin makers.
Traders said sentiments turned bearish after gold fell to three-week low in global markets as a stronger dollar curbed demand after the Federal Reserve ended its asset-purchase programme because of an improving labour market.
Gold in London, which normally sets price trend on the domestic front, dropped 0.7 per cent to $1,203.22 an ounce, and silver by 1.3 per cent to $16.86 an ounce.
Shifting of funds towards surging equity market and sluggish demand at prevailing levels also dampened the sentiment, they said.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity plunged by Rs 400 each to Rs 27,100 and Rs 26,900 per 10 grams, respectively, a level last seen on October 6.
Sovereign followed suit and shed Rs 100 at Rs 24,100 per piece of eight grams.
In a similar fashion, silver ready dropped by Rs 550 to Rs 37,850 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 660 to Rs 37,560 per kg.
Silver coins also plummeted by Rs 1,000 to Rs 65,000 for buying and Rs 66,000 for selling of 100 pieces.

JLR opens 500-million engine plant in the UKHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
JLR opens £500-million engine plant in the UK
Vidya Ram
Royal tour Queen Elizabeth II at the new Jaguar Land Rover Engine Manufacturing Centre in Wolverhampton. The British monarch was given a tour of the new factory by JLR Chief Executive Officer Ralf Speth
London, October 30:  
Eighteen years after it produced its last in-house engine, Jaguar Land Rover opened its first engine manufacturing plant, under Tata ownership, on Thursday. The £500-million project will help increase the automaker’s competitiveness, giving it more flexibility to respond to market needs and future technologies.
The new engine manufacturing centre, near the central English city of Wolverhampton, was opened by Queen Elizabeth II on Thursday at a high-profile event attended by Ratan Tata and the Queen’s husband, the Duke of Edinburgh, politicians and the plant’s 300 current employees.
“It’s a very significant step in our global growth,” said Mike Wright, Executive Director at JLR, in a round-table discussion ahead of the launch. Producing the light-weight efficient engines presents the company with the opportunity to attract a whole new series of customers. “For the first time we have strategic control of the design and engineering and manufacture of engines. And for any automotive player, that is a very important strategic step.”
Revitalisation of JLR
The day was one of the “most important days in the company’s history,” said Ralf Speth, CEO of JLR, at the ceremony in the diesel assembly hall of the plant at which the Queen, who arrived in a Range Rover, unveiled a plaque. “It represents the revitalisation of Jaguar Land Rover that has taken place under the stewardship of the Tata Group,” he added.
“The engine is at the heart of every car, and manufacturing engines in-house will help us meet our very ambitious cycle plan commitments,” said Wolfgang Stadler, Manufacturing Director, during a presentation at the launch. “We are now ready to deliver.”
JLR first announced plans to build the 100,000-sq metre plant (the size of 14 football pitches) in 2011, with construction beginning the following year. It includes an engine testing facility, manufacturing and separate assembly halls for diesel and petrol engines.
Jaguar Land Rover stopped making engines in April 1996, though it has always maintained control of the design process.
The first engine to be made at the new factory will be the low-emission 2-litre, four-cylinder ‘Ingenium’ diesel engine used in the Jaguar XE, the company’s mid-sized executive “attainable” car, which it hopes will spur sales growth across the world.
JLR has not made its sales projections public. Jaguar sold 76,669 vehicles in 2013, while Land Rover sold 348,338. The XE is set to hit India in 2016 at the Delhi Auto show.
“Today is just a very important step, in terms of operating and manufacturing our engines, going into the biggest sector of the market,” said Wright.
“Clearly this allows us to penetrate a price band in the market that we have hitherto been unable to penetrate. So, in that sense, it’s very significant.”
(This article was published on October 30, 2014)
Related

Citi Cuts Earnings Due to Regulatory ProbesThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Strengthening US Growth Reflects Help From FedThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Iraqi Kurd fighters enter KobaniIraqi Kurd peshmerga fighters enter Kobani
Erika Solomon in Beirut and Daniel Dombey in Istanbul
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/11cf6d3a-602c-11e4-88d1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

CME Group reports big switch to futuresCME Group reports big switch to futures
Gregory Meyer in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c51db9ba-6049-11e4-98e6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Eastern Europe worst hit by dollar riseEastern Europe worst hit by dollar rise
Delphine Strauss
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ea0b1986-605b-11e4-88d1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

High-yield bond sales dry up in Europe© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f46fb47e-604f-11e4-88d1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US asked not to pressurise India to reject d...US asked not to pressurise India to reject drug license
PTI Oct 31, 2014, 10.06AM IST
Tags:
Drug License
(UACT is an international…)
WASHINGTON: An international organisation working for cancer affected people has asked the Obama administration not to pressurise India to reject a compulsory license on a drug for a rare form of leukaemia which would be a de facto endorsement of an excessive price.
In a letter to the US Trade Representative (USTR), Mike Froman, Union for Affordable Cancer Treatment (UACT), opposed the policies that promote high cancer drug prices throughout the world.
UACT is an international network of people affected by cancer who share the conviction that cancer treatment and care should be available everywhere for everyone regardless of gender, age or nationality.
UACT in its letter refers to recent reports suggesting that USTR is pressuring the Indian government to reject a compulsory license on dasatinib, a drug for a rare form of leukaemia.
The Bristol-Myers Squibb (BMS) price for dasatinib is more than USD 100 per day which makes it unreachable for the majority of leukaemia patients in India.
US government opposition to a compulsory license on dasatinib is a de facto endorsement of an excessive price, and will have predictably harsh consequences for leukaemia patients who have developed resistance to imatinib.
The UACT letter also challenges the assumption that USTR is advancing the US interests by promoting stronger monopolies of medicines.
While BMS attempts to justify high cancer drug prices on the grounds that R&D is expensive, BMS in fact spent little on the R&D for dasatinib and benefited extensively from US government research subsidies, including NIH funded research and clinical trials, and a 50 per cent tax credit on the BMS funded trials, it said.
In the US, BMS has increased the price per milligramme of dasatinib by three fold since the introduction of the drug in 2006.
Observing that the US is harmed by the high prices on cancer drugs, including dasatinib, in part because of an ageing population that is more likely to require cancer related chemotherapy, the UACT letter discusses the demographic changes in the United States.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex up 150 points; IT stocks upSensex up 150 points; IT stocks up
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | October 31, 2014 09:25 IST
Some buying activity is seen in IT, healthcare, banking and power sectors, while auto and consumer durables are showing weakness
 
 
At 9:24AM, the S&P BSE Sensex is trading at 27,496 up 150 points, while NSE Nifty is trading at 8,219 up 50 points.
The BSE Mid-cap Index is trading up 0.71% at 9,784, whereas BSE Small-cap Index is trading up 0.73% at 10,906.
Some buying activity is seen in IT, healthcare, banking and power sectors, while auto and consumer durables are showing weakness on BSE.
HDFC, Infosys, TCS, Maruti Suzuki, Gail, RIL and Wipro are among the gainers, whereas Bharti Airtel, HUL, Taa Motors, ICICI Bank, Bajaj Auto and NTPC are losing sheen on BSE.
Enter the characters shown in the image.
 
When It's About Money: Don't just save for your child's education
India Infoline News Service / 08:59, Sep 15, 2014
Many a times parents overlook other goals as they are too busy focusing on just one goal, that is on their child's education. They are too emotionally involved in achieving this particular goal that they forget planning for their retirement and saving for other emergencies.
Sunday, 07 December 2014 11:57 IST
Connect with IIFL :
Accountancy Advertising Budget Commerce Derivatives Economics Finance General Mgmt. HR Mgmt. IT Marketing Material Mgmt.
Stocks:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Mutual Funds:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Insurance:
Disclaimer Disclaimer - Research Disclaimer - Discussion Boards Disclaimer - Chat Disclaimer - Twitter Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
ATTENTION INVESTORS - "Prevent Unauthorized Transactions in your demat / trading account --> Update your Mobile Number/ email Id with your stock broker / Depository Participant. Receive information of your transactions directly from Exchanges on your mobile / email at the end of day and alerts on your registered mobile for all debits and other important transactions in your demat account directly from NSDL/ CDSL on the same day." - Issued in the interest of investors.
"KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary."
www.indiainfoline.com is part of the IIFL Group, a leading financial services player and a diversified NBFC. The site provides comprehensive and real time information on Indian corporates, sectors, financial markets and economy. On the site we feature industry and political leaders, entrepreneurs, and trend setters. The research, personal finance and market tutorial sections are widely followed by students, academia, corporates and investors among others.
Copyright © India Infoline Ltd. All rights Reserved.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. SEBI Regn. No. : INB231097537/ INF231097537/ INE231097537,
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.:INB011097533/ INF011097533/ INE011097533,
MCX Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INB261097530/ INF261097530/ INE261097537,
United Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INE271097532,
5

Government announces measures for Fiscal Prudence and EconomyGovernment announces measures for Fiscal Prudence and Economy
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | October 31, 2014 08:55 IST
For the year 2014-15, every Ministry / Department shall effect a mandatory 10% cut in non-Plan expenditure excluding interest payment, repayment of debt, Defence capital, salaries, pension and Finance Commission grants to the States.
 
 
Ministry of Finance, Department of Expenditure has been issuing austerity instructions from time to time with a view to containing non-developmental expenditure and releasing of additional resources for priority schemes.
The last set of instructions was issued on 18th  September 2013 after passing of the Union Budget. Such measures are intended at promoting fiscal discipline, without restricting the operational efficiency of the Government. In the context of the current fiscal situation, there is a need to continue to rationalise expenditure and optimize available resources. With this objective, the following measures for fiscal prudence and economy will come into immediate effect:-
Cut in Non-Plan expenditure:
For the year 2014-15, every Ministry / Department shall effect a mandatory 10% cut in non-Plan expenditure excluding interest payment, repayment of debt, Defence capital, salaries, pension and Finance Commission grants to the States. No re-appropriation of funds to augment the Non-Plan heads of expenditure on which cuts have been imposed shall be allowed during the current fiscal year.
 Seminars and Conferences:
(i) Utmost economy shall be observed in organizing conferences/Seminars/workshops. Only such conferences, workshops, seminars, etc. which are absolutely essential, should be held wherein also a 10% cut on budgetary allocations (whether Plan or Non-Plan) shall be effected.
(ii) Holding of exhibitions/fairs/seminars/conferences abroad is strongly discouraged except in the case of exhibitions for trade promotion.
(iii) There will be a ban on holding of meetings and conferences at five star hotels except in case of bilateral/multilateral official engagements to be held at the level of Minister-in-Charge or Administrative Secretary, with foreign Governments or international bodies of which India is a Member. The Administrative Secretaries are advised to exercise utmost discretion in holding such meetings in 5-Star hotels keeping in mind the need to observe utmost economy in expenditure.
Purchase of vehicles:
Purchase of new vehicles to meet the operational requirement of Defence Forces, Central Paramilitary Forces & security related organizations are permitted. Ban on purchase of other vehicles (including staff cars) will continue except against condemnation.
Domestic and International Travel:
(i) Travel expenditure {both Domestic Travel Expenses (DTE) and Foreign Travel Expenses(FTE)} should be regulated so as to ensure that each Ministry remains within the allocated budget for the same after taking into account the mandatory 10% cut under DTE/FTE (Plan as well as Non-Plan). Re-appropriation! augmentation proposals on this account would not be approved.
(ii) While officers are entitled to various classes of air travel depending on seniority, utmost economy would need to be observed while exercising the choice keeping the limitations of budget in mind. However, there would be no bookings in "First Class."
(iii) Facility of Video Conferencing may be used effectively. All extant instructions on foreign travel may be scrupulously followed.
(iv) In all cases of air travel, the lowest air fare tickets available for entitled class are to be purchased/procured. No companion free ticket on domestic/ international travel is to be availed of.
Creation of Posts
(i) There will be a ban on creation of Plan and Non-Plan posts.
(ii) Posts that have remained vacant for more than a year are not to be revived except under very rare and unavoidable circumstances and after seeking clearance of Department of Expenditure.
 Observance of discipline in fiscal transfers to States, Public Sector Undertakings and Autonomous Bodies at Central/State/Local level:
(i) Release of Grant-in-aid shall be strictly as per provisions contained in GFRs and in Department of Expenditure's OM No.7(1)/E.Coord/2012 dated 14.ll.2012.
(ii) Ministries/Departments shall not transfer funds under any Plan schemes in relaxation of conditions attached to such transfers (such as matching funding).
 (iii) The State Governments are required to furnish monthly returns of Plan expenditure - Central, Centrally Sponsored or State Plan - to respective Ministries/Departments along with a report on amounts outstanding in their Public Account in respect of Central and Centrally Sponsored Schemes. This requirement may be scrupulously enforced.
 (iv) The Chief Controller of Accounts must ensure compliance with the above as part of pre-payment scrutiny.
Balanced Pace of Expenditure:
(a) As per extant instructions, not more than one-third (33%) of the Budget Estimates may be spent in the last quarter of the financial year. Besides, the stipulation that during the month of March the expenditure should be limited to 15% of the Budget Estimates is reiterated. It may be emphasized here that the restriction of 33% and 15% expenditure ceiling is to be enforced both scheme-wise as well as for the Demands for Grant as a whole, subject to RE ceilings. Ministries/ Departments which are covered by the Monthly Expenditure Plan (MEP) may ensure that the MEP is followed strictly.
(b) It is also considered desirable that in the last month of the year payments may be made- only for the goods and services actually procured and for reimbursement of expenditure already incurred. Hence, no amount should be released in advance (in the last month) with the exception of the following:
(i) Advance payments to contractors under terms of duly executed contracts so that Government would not renege on its legal or contractual obligations.
(ii) Any loans or advances to Government servants etc. or private individuals as a measure of relief and rehabilitation as per service conditions or on compassionate grounds.
(iii) Any other exceptional case with the approval of the Financial Advisor. However, a list of such cases may be sent by the FA to the Department of Expenditure by so" April of the following year for information.
(c) Rush of expenditure on procurement should be avoided during the last quarter of the fiscal year and in particular the last month of the year so as to ensure that all procedures are complied with and there is no infructuous or wasteful expenditure. FAs are advised to specially monitor this aspect during their reviews.
(d) No fresh financial commitments should be made on items which are not provided for in the budget approved by the Parliament.
 (e) These instructions would also be applicable to autonomous bodies funded by Government of India.
 Compliance
Secretaries of the Ministries/Departments, being the Chief Accounting Authorities as per Rule 64 of GFR, shall be fully charged with the responsibility of ensuring compliance of the measures outlined above. Financial Advisors shall assist the respective Departments in securing compliance with these measures and also submit an overall report to the Minister-in-Charge and to the Ministry of Finance on a quarterly basis regarding various actions taken on these measures /guidelines.

Trends in Mutual Fund Investing: September 2014Trends in Mutual Fund Investing: September 2014
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | October 31, 2014 09:02 IST
In the survey, mutual fund companies report actual assets, sales, and redemptions to ICI.
 
 
The combined assets of the nation's mutual funds decreased by $302.97 billion, or 1.9 percent, to $15.54 trillionin September, according to the Investment Company Institute's official survey of the mutual fund industry. In the survey, mutual fund companies report actual assets, sales, and redemptions to ICI.
Total Net Assets of Mutual Funds*
Billions of dollars
-1.9
14,311.4
*Data for exchange-traded funds and funds that invest primarily in other mutual funds were excluded from the series.
Note: Components may not add to the total because of rounding.
Net New Cash Flow of Mutual Funds*
Millions of dollars
9,026
132,054
*Data for exchange-traded funds and funds that invest primarily in other mutual funds were excluded from the series.
Note: Components may not add to the total because of rounding.
 
Highlights: Long-term funds--equity, hybrid, and bond funds--had a net outflow of $23.80 billion in September, versus an inflow of $7.42 billion in August.
 
Equity funds posted an outflow of $5.37 billion in September, compared with an inflow of $1.18 billion in August. Among equity funds, world equity funds (U.S. funds that invest primarily overseas) posted an inflow of $8.14 billion in September, versus an inflow of $7.69 billion in August. Funds that invest primarily in the United States had an outflow of $13.50 billion in September, versus an outflow of $6.51 billion in August.The liquidity ratio of equity funds (the percentage of liquid assets over total net assets) was 3.6 percent in September, compared with 3.5 percent in August.
 
Hybrid funds posted an inflow of $1.87 billion in September, compared with an inflow of $1.89 billion in August.
 
Bond funds had an outflow of $20.30 billion in September, compared with an inflow of $4.35 billion in August. Taxable bond funds had an outflow of $23.32 billion in September, versus an inflow of $1.09 billion in August. Municipal bond funds had an inflow of $3.01 billion in September, compared with an inflow of $3.26 billion in August.
 
Money market funds had an inflow of $22.49 billion in September, compared with an inflow of $36.06 billion in August. In September funds offered primarily to institutions had an inflow of $21.04 billion and funds offered primarily to individuals had an inflow of $1.45 billion.
 
7,872
7,609
*Data for exchange-traded funds and funds that invest primarily in other mutual funds were excluded from the series.
 
Enter the characters shown in the image.
 
When It's About Money: Don't just save for your child's education
India Infoline News Service / 08:59, Sep 15, 2014
Many a times parents overlook other goals as they are too busy focusing on just one goal, that is on their child's education. They are too emotionally involved in achieving this particular goal that they forget planning for their retirement and saving for other emergencies.
Sunday, 07 December 2014 11:57 IST
Connect with IIFL :
Accountancy Advertising Budget Commerce Derivatives Economics Finance General Mgmt. HR Mgmt. IT Marketing Material Mgmt.
Stocks:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Mutual Funds:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Insurance:
Disclaimer Disclaimer - Research Disclaimer - Discussion Boards Disclaimer - Chat Disclaimer - Twitter Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
ATTENTION INVESTORS - "Prevent Unauthorized Transactions in your demat / trading account --> Update your Mobile Number/ email Id with your stock broker / Depository Participant. Receive information of your transactions directly from Exchanges on your mobile / email at the end of day and alerts on your registered mobile for all debits and other important transactions in your demat account directly from NSDL/ CDSL on the same day." - Issued in the interest of investors.
"KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary."
www.indiainfoline.com is part of the IIFL Group, a leading financial services player and a diversified NBFC. The site provides comprehensive and real time information on Indian corporates, sectors, financial markets and economy. On the site we feature industry and political leaders, entrepreneurs, and trend setters. The research, personal finance and market tutorial sections are widely followed by students, academia, corporates and investors among others.
Copyright © India Infoline Ltd. All rights Reserved.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. SEBI Regn. No. : INB231097537/ INF231097537/ INE231097537,
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.:INB011097533/ INF011097533/ INE011097533,
MCX Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INB261097530/ INF261097530/ INE261097537,
United Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INE271097532,
5

Nifty hits record high at 8266: Here are today s top gainersAll Headlines for these symbols...
All headlines for
AHLEAST.NS , ALICON.NS , ALLSEC-EQ.NS , AMRUTANJA.NS , ANGIND-EQ.NS , ARCHIDPLY.NS , ARIHANT-EQ.NS , ARROWTEX-EQ.NS , BAJAJCORP.NS , BANG.NS , BAYERCROP.NS , BHARATGEA.NS , BODALCHEM-EQ.NS , CARBORUNI.NS , CAREERP.NS , DCMSHRIRAM-EQ.NS , DLF.NS , EIHAHOTEL.NS , ELECTHERM-EQ.NS , FCEL-EQ.NS , FOSECOIND.NS , GHCL.NS , GREENPOWER-EQ.NS , GSCLCEMENT-EQ.NS , HBLPOWER.NS , HEIDELBER.NS , HINDDORROL-EQ.NS , HMT.NS , INDIANCAR.NS , INDRAMEDC.NS , INFRATEL.NS , IPRINGLTD.NS , ISFT.NS , ITI.NS , JBFIND.NS , JINDWORLD.NS , KALYANIFRG-BE.NS , KARMAENG.NS , KCP.NS , KEMROCK-EQ.NS , KNRCON.NS , LOGIXMICRO-EQ.NS , LUMAXAUTO.NS , MAKE-EQ.NS , MALWACOTT-BE.NS , MANAKSIA-BE.NS , MANGALAM-EQ.NS , MANGCHEFE.NS , MONSANTO.NS , NCC.NS , NDTV.NS , NEXTMEDIA-EQ.NS , NILKAMAL.NS , OPTOCIRCU.NS , ORIENTHOT.NS , PANASONIC-BE.NS , PGHH.NS , PIIND.NS , PIPAVAVDO.NS , PIRPHYTO-EQ.NS , PLETHICO.NS , PPAP.NS , PRESSMN-EQ.NS , RADICO.NS , RAMCOSYS.NS , REDINGTON.NS , RKFORGE.NS , RMCL-EQ.NS , SAGCEM.NS , SAHPETRO.NS , SELAN.NS , SFCL-EQ.NS , SHILPI.NS , SHIVTEX.NS , SINTEX.NS , SOMANYCERA-EQ.NS , SQSBFSI-EQ.NS , SRHHYPOLTD-EQ.NS , STARPAPER.NS , SUPRAJIT.NS , SURANAIND.NS , TAINWALCH.NS , TAKE.NS , TANLA.NS , TECPRO.NS , TFCILTD.NS , THANGAMAYL-EQ.NS , THEMISMED-BE.NS , THIRUSUGA.NS , THOMASCOTT-BE.NS , TIDEWATER.NS , TIMETECHN.NS , TV18BRDCS.NS , TVSELECT.NS , USHERAGRO.NS , VIPIND.NS , WELINV.NS , XCHANGING.NS , ZENSARTEC.NS , ZUARIGLOB.NS
Copyright &copy; 2009 Yahoo! All rights reserved.
Quotes for NYSE, Nasdaq and NYSEAmex are Real-time and sourced from Nasdaq Last Sale when available. If not available from NLS, quotes will appear delayed from primary listing source.
See also delay times for other exchanges . All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. Real-Time continuous streaming quotes are available through our premium service. You may turn streaming quotes on or off.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data, daily updates, fund summary, fund performance, dividend data and Morningstar Index data provided by Morningstar, Inc.
1186550153
{"yrb_token" : "YFT_MARKET_CLOSED", "tt" : "1417933640", "s" : "", "k" : "a00,a50,b00,b60,c10,g00,h00,l10,p20,t10,v00", "o" : "ahleast.ns,alicon.ns,allsec-eq.ns,amrutanja.ns,angind-eq.ns,archidply.ns,arihant-eq.ns,arrowtex-eq.ns,bajajcorp.ns,bang.ns,bayercrop.ns,bharatgea.ns,bodalchem-eq.ns,carboruni.ns,careerp.ns,dcmshriram-eq.ns,dlf.ns,eihahotel.ns,electherm-eq.ns,fcel-eq.ns,fosecoind.ns,ghcl.ns,greenpower-eq.ns,gsclcement-eq.ns,hblpower.ns,heidelber.ns,hinddorrol-eq.ns,hmt.ns,indiancar.ns,indramedc.ns,infratel.ns,ipringltd.ns,isft.ns,iti.ns,jbfind.ns,jindworld.ns,kalyanifrg-be.ns,karmaeng.ns,kcp.ns,kemrock-eq.ns,knrcon.ns,logixmicro-eq.ns,lumaxauto.ns,make-eq.ns,malwacott-be.ns,manaksia-be.ns,mangalam-eq.ns,mangchefe.ns,monsanto.ns,ncc.ns,ndtv.ns,nextmedia-eq.ns,nilkamal.ns,optocircu.ns,orienthot.ns,panasonic-be.ns,pghh.ns,piind.ns,pipavavdo.ns,pirphyto-eq.ns,plethico.ns,ppap.ns,pressmn-eq.ns,radico.ns,ramcosys.ns,redington.ns,rkforge.ns,rmcl-eq.ns,sagcem.ns,sahpetro.ns,selan.ns,sfcl-eq.ns,shilpi.ns,shivtex.ns,sintex.ns,somanycera-eq.ns,sqsbfsi-eq.ns,srhhypoltd-eq.ns,starpaper.ns,suprajit.ns,suranaind.ns,tainwalch.ns,take.ns,tanla.ns,tecpro.ns,tfciltd.ns,thangamayl-eq.ns,themismed-be.ns,thirusuga.ns,thomascott-be.ns,tidewater.ns,timetechn.ns,tv18brdcs.ns,tvselect.ns,usheragro.ns,vipind.ns,welinv.ns,xchanging.ns,zensartec.ns,zuariglob.ns", "j" : "c63,l84,p43,t53,v53", "version" : "1.0", "market" : {"NAME" : "", "ID" : "in_market", "TZ" : "IST", "TZOFFSET" : "19800", "open" : "", "close" : "", "flags" : {}} , "market_status_yrb" : "YFT_MARKET_CLOSED" , "portfolio" : { "fd" : { "txns" : [ ]},"dd" : "","pc" : "","pcs" : ""}, "STREAMER_SERVER" : "//streamerapi.finance.yahoo.com", "DOC_DOMAIN" : "finance.yahoo.com", "localize" : "0" , "throttleInterval" : "1000" , "arrowAsChangeSign" : "true" , "up_arrow_icon" : "https://s.yimg.com/lq/i/us/fi/03rd/up_g.gif" , "down_arrow_icon" : "https://s.yimg.com/lq/i/us/fi/03rd/down_r.gif" , "up_color" : "green" , "down_color" : "red" , "pass_market_id" : "0" , "mu" : "1" , "lang" : "en-IN" , "region" : "IN" }1

Luxe Brands take legal course to curb e-sales of fakes and second-hand productsAlexander McQueen
(The luxury fashion houses…)
NEW DELHI: In the nascent market for luxury goods, international brands are taking steps to protect their turf from alternative platforms, mostly online marketplaces, which offer, what they claim, are genuine bags, shoes and clothing at as much as half the price of products sold at exclusive retail stores here.
A few online portals have emerged in the recent past in India, selling products ranging from Alexander McQueen dresses to Fendi bags at"highly competitive prices" on the back of"intelligent and legal business models".
One such website, Darveys-.com, has caught the attention of brands such as Jimmy Choo, Judith Leiber and Christian Louboutin, which have initiated legal proceedings against the startup to stop it from selling their products online in India. Fashion houses are not only going after such businesses but also alleging they could be selling fakes or second-hand products.
Luxury French shoe and bag designer Christian Louboutin has filed a case against Darveys.com for"infringement of trademarks, publicity rights, passing off, unfair competition, dilution, damages, rendition of accounts and delivery up against the defendants".
Genesis Luxury, which has the exclusive rights to market Jimmy Choo shoes in India, has also taken similar action. When the Indian partner of high-end clutch brand Judith Leiber noticed that the bags were being sold on the same platform at a much lower price, it informed the parent company and took stock of the situation.
"There are a limited number of handbags produced by the brand for every single design and the headquarters keeps track of every single piece sold anywhere in the world," said Sangeeta Assomull, CEO of Marigold Group, which runs the brand in India.
She suspects that such sites are either selling fakes or second-hand products."How can they offer such huge discounts? It could even be a case of some kind of financial fraud," Assomull said.
Speaking in the defence of his"legitimate business model", Nakul Bajaj, CEO of Darveys. com, says he was able to offer products from close to 60 high-end brands on his website by creating an international marketplace.
"We have tied up with close to 300 sellers outside India who are able to supply to our consumers genuine products at a price lower by 20-50% compared to what the brands sell at the retail stores in India."
He does not have any direct tie-ups with any of the brands. In the past three months, his site has done about 600 transactions, with each purchase averaging about Rs 25,000."We have 1,000 registered users who have paid Rs 1,000 for registration," he adds.
Experts point out that India is not an exception to the emergence of alternative channels."It happens across the world. In India, because the import duties are very high, people who do not go by the rules are often at an advantage," says Yashovardhan Saboo, chief executive of Ethos, a retailer of high-end watches in India.
The luxury fashion houses and their Indian partners find it hurtful as they invest a lot in marketing and branding, while the alternative channels grow on rising consumer demand.
Darshan Mehta, CEO of Reliance Brands , says whenever the company notices or comes across any other business activity, both online and offline, it ensures it is stopped with immediate effect. c
FEATURED ARTICLES

Can strong car sales and robust core sector numbers pump up September industry outputPlatinum Member
323 Followers
If the auto manufacturers will touch the price list to make it more hot, then no use of talking the pumping up of industry output later. But strong car sales and robust core sector numbers, no doubt directly contribute in pumping up Sep industry output.
12.15 AM Nov 3rd

Japanese shares soar  yen skids after BoJ stuns with fresh easing stepsJapanese shares soar, yen skids after BoJ stuns with fresh easing steps
Reuters
Tweet
Tokyo, Oct 31:  
Japanese stocks jumped more than 5 per cent and the yen skidded to nearly seven-year lows against the dollar on Friday after the Bank of Japan surprised markets with fresh easing steps that it called a pre-emptive move to stoke inflation.
The Nikkei stock average rallied 3.9 per cent after Japan’s central bank said it would purchase more shares of exchange-traded funds and real estate investment trusts, extend the duration of its portfolio of Japanese government bonds, and increase the pace at which it expands base money to “pre-empt manifestation’’ of risks.
“It was a total surprise that the BoJ eased further at this time given that BoJ executives have not voiced such pessimistic views lately. The move was apparently made in response to underlying weakness in prices,’’ said Junko Nishioka, chief economist at RBS Securities Japan.
“I think the move will be effective as it prompted a sharp drop in the yen. That will help boost import prices, which will in turn help bring inflation closer to the BoJ’s target,’’ she said.
Japan’s consumer inflation
Data released early on Friday showed Japan’s annual core consumer inflation slowed for a second straight month in September, adding to evidence the BoJ is likely to miss its price goal.
Before the BoJ’s surprise, markets were cheered by Wall Street’s surge late in the session on Thursday, after data showed surprisingly strong third-quarter US economic growth as the trade gap narrowed. But domestic demand slipped, hinting at some loss of momentum.
The data came a day after the US Federal Reserve surprised markets with an optimistic assessment of the US economy when it announced the end of its monthly bond buying stimulus programme.
Japan’s outperformance boosted shares outside of Japan, with MSCI’s broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan add 0.7 per cent, putting it on track for weekly and monthly gains of more than 2 per cent.
GPIF to approve allocation targets
Japanese shares also got a lift from news that Japan’s Government Pension Investment Fund is poised to approve on Friday allocation targets which aim to raise the portion of Japanese shares to 25 per cent of its portfolio from the current target of 12 per cent, two government sources said.
“The consensus was that GPIF would go to 20 per cent Japanese stocks. The impact of 25 per cent will be strong, with a positive impact for stocks,’’ said Masayuki Doshida, senior market analyst at Rakuten Securities in Tokyo.
Japan’s jobless rate
But data released before the market showed Japan’s jobless rate rose in September and the availability of jobs fell for the first time in more than three years, suggesting the labour market is starting to lose some momentum. Japanese household spending also fell more than expected in September.
Against the yen, the dollar bought 110.59, up about 1.3 per cent on the day after rising as high as 110.69 yen. The euro edged down about 0.2 per cent to $1.2582.
Popular cross-trades, involving purchases of higher yielding currencies against the yen, soared after the BoJ easing, with Aussie/yen up 0.7 percent and the New Zealand dollar gaining 1.2 per cent against the yen.
In commodities trading, spot gold fell about 0.3 percent to $1,194.10 an ounce.
Brent crude skidded about 0.4 per cent to $85.86 a barrel. Ample supplies and a stronger dollar have pushed prices down more than 9 per cent so far in October, and on track for their biggest weekly drop since May 2012.
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

IBS Soft voted IT Provider of the Year for air cargo sectorIBS Soft voted ‘IT Provider of the Year’ for air cargo sector
Our Bureau
Tweet
Thiruvananthapuram, Oct 31:  
IBS Software has been voted for the third successive time as the global ‘IT Provider of the Year’ for the air cargo industry for the year 2014.
iCargo, developed by IBS Software in collaboration with six leading airlines, has now emerged a sought-after cargo management solution in the industry.
iCARGO SOFTWARE
Over 20 leading cargo carriers have adopted iCargo to replace their legacy systems, a company spokesman said.
The list includes Air Astana; All Nippon Airways; Austrian Airlines; British Airways; Jet Blue; Lufthansa Cargo; Nippon Cargo Airways; Qantas Freight; S7 Cargo; SpiceJet; South African Airways; and Turkish Cargo.
The vote was polled online by customer airlines, and conducted by Singapore-based Payload Asia, a respected industry publication for air cargo sector.
Over 71 companies were short-listed and 21,717 online votes cast for the Customer Choice Awards, the spokesman said.
OTHER WINNERS
Other winners include Turkish Cargo (overall carrier); All Nippon Airways (combination carrier); Etihad Airways (rising star carrier); and Jetstar Asia (low cost carrier).
The awards were presented at a function held in Singapore on Wednesday, attended by more than 200 members of the air cargo fraternity.
Sankalp Saxena, President and Head of Aviation Business Services, received the award on behalf of IBS Software.
The award is a celebration of excellence and a true reflection of the difference that the company has made to the air cargo supply chain industry, Saxena said.
HONOURING BEST
“We will continue to invest in the solution to further its competitive edge and ensure our customers stay ahead in the race at all times.
Now in its 30th year of publication, Payload Asia honours the very best in the industry every year by recognising ‘airlines, airports and organisations.
They are feted for ‘rising above challenges through market adeptness, innovative products or superior strategy to excel and make a positive impact on the market.’
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

Sensex rallies to 27 734 on sustained capital inflowsSensex zooms 519 points to new record-high of 27,866; Nifty jumps 153 points
Our Bureau/Agencies
Continued buying by foreign funds as well as retail investors, triggered by a series of economic reforms undertaken by the Narendra Modi-led government and strong earnings by blue-chip companies, lifted the key indices to new highs.
Economic reforms, healthy corporate earnings drive the market rally
Mumbai, Oct 31:  
The Sensex and the Nifty touched new record-highs of 27,865.83 and 8,322.20, respectively on sustained fund inflows, driven by a slew of economic reforms announced by the government amid optimism over strong corporate earnings.
The 30-share BSE index Sensex soared 519.50 points or 1.9 per cent at 27,865.83 and the 50-share NSE index Nifty jumped 153 points or 1.87 per cent at 8,322.20.
Brokers said continued buying by foreign funds as well as retail investors, triggered by a series of economic reforms undertaken by the Narendra Modi-led government and strong earnings by blue-chip companies, drove the market rally.
Barring consumer durables, all other BSE sectoral indices ended significantly in the green. Among them, capital goods index gained the most by 2.66 per cent, followed by India infrastructure index 2.38 per cent, oil & gas 2.19 per cent and PSU 2.08 per cent. Only consumer durables index was down 3.18 per cent.
GAIL, Tata Power, HDFC, L&T and Tata Steel were the top five gainers among 30-share Sensex constituents, while Bharti Airtel was the only loser.
Global market
World shares jumped and the yen fell to a seven-year low against the dollar on Friday as the Bank of Japan surprised financial markets by significantly expanding its massive stimulus programme.
In a rare split decision, the BoJ’s board voted 5-4 to accelerate the purchases of Japanese government bonds so that its holdings increase at an annual pace of ¥80 trillion ($725 billion), up by ¥30 trillion.
The central bank also said that it would triple its purchase of exchange-traded funds and real-estate investment trusts (REITs), while sources said the government’s huge pension fund would more than double its holdings of domestic stocks.
For investors, the timing of the moves sent a strong signal, coming right as six years of aggressive US stimulus come to an end and just before the euro zone inflation data that is likely to keep the pressure on the European Central Bank to further ease its policy.
Tokyo’s Nikkei share index jumped almost 5 per cent in its biggest rise since June last year following the BoJ’s move, which it said was a pre-emptive strike at “a critical moment in the effort to break free from the deflationary mindset’’ in Japan.
European stocks opened up 1 per cent and US futures prices pointed to similar gains when trading resumes in New York. Stocks were lifted on Thursday by strong third quarter US GDP data and another round of upbeat earnings.
At 0900 GMT, the FTSEurofirst 300 index of top European shares was up 1.3 per cent at 1,344.18 points, extending a sharp two-week rally, while southern European government bonds also made ground.
Euro zone flash inflation data due at 1000 GMT will provide the next indicator of whether the ECB might feel compelled to step up its support for the bloc's beleaguered economy.
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

Kaley Cuoco receives star on Hollywood Walk ofFameKaley Cuoco described the honour as nothing short of 'unbelievably sweet and overwhelming. (Source: AP)
By: Press Trust of India | Los Angeles | Posted: October 31, 2014 12:40 pm
‘Big Bang Theory’ actress Kaley Cuoco has received a special star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. The 28-year-old actress described the honour as nothing short of ‘unbelievably sweet and overwhelming’, reported E!Online.
“I didn’t write a speech, because I thought I would just speak from my heart and I already started crying in the car on the way over here, so I got that out of the way. I still think they are going to call and say this was a mistake,” she said.
Cuoco got emotional as she thanked her family, friends and John Ritter, a dear friend she worked with on ‘8 Simple Rules’. The actress, who asked for a spot near her former co-star’s star, was overjoyed when she found out the city would accommodate her request. “Like I said, he must be jumping off the walls right now. I can’t even imagine what’s going on up there,” she added.

Warren Anderson  who headed Union Carbide at the time of Bhopal tragedy  isdeadPrint
Warren Andersen
Written by Milind Ghatwai | New Delhi | Posted: October 31, 2014 12:36 pm | Updated: October 31, 2014 1:48 pm
Former Union Carbide Corporation chairman Warren Anderson, who was one of the most hated figures in the streets of old Bhopal after the 1984 gas disaster, has died, the New York Times has reported .
Three days after the tragedy that took lives of thousands of people and left many more affected, Anderson, then in his 60s, had briefly come to Bhopal when he was arrested and bailed out in controversial circumstances.
Activists working among survivors had accused the state and Central governments of facilitating the escape of the powerful executive who never returned to face the law though summons were periodically issued and he was eventually declared an absconder.
The death has been reported on the eve of 30th anniversary of the world’s worst industrial disaster. Burning and hanging effigies of Anderson after mock trials had been a ritual with activists and survivors, who insist his escape, and subsequent refusal to come to India to face the trial in a Bhopal court, symbolised what was wrong with the judiciary and the government’s failure to get him extradited.
“His death (before spending time in jail) is a black spot. But there are many Indian Andersons who are still alive and the judiciary should ensure that they are sent to jail. The Supreme Court should intervene in the matter before wasting any more time,” Abdul Jabbar, a leading activist told The Indian Express.
After a protracted trial, a local court in Bhopal in 2010 sentenced seven officials of Union Carbide India Limited to two-years in jail leading to an outcry over the quantum of the punishment. They were immediately released on bail and the accused later challenged their conviction.

2G case: Raja  Kanimozhi and others put on trial for moneylaunderingPrint
Kanimozhi and others, including former Telecom Minister A Raja are facing trial in the 2G case for their alleged involvement. (Source: PTI/file)
Written by Kaunain Sherrif | New Delhi | Posted: November 1, 2014 12:19 am | Updated: November 1, 2014 5:00 am
A special court on Friday framed charges against former telecom minister A Raja, Rajya Sabha MP K Kanimozhi, DMK chief M Karunanidhi’s wife Dayalu Ammal and sixteen others in connection with the alleged 2G money laundering case.
Special Judge O P Saini, while putting the 19 accused on trial, said, “I find that there is enough material on record to make out or to presume a prima facie case against each accused for committing an offence of money laundering as defined under Section 3 and punishable under Section 4 of the Act.”
Stating that there are “factual” and “credible allegations” against each of the accused, the judge put on trial Raja, Kanimozhi, Ammal, Swan Telecom promoters Shahid Usman Balwa and Vinod Kumar Goenka, Kalaignar TV MD Sharad Kumar and director P Amirtham, directors of Kusegaon Fruits and Vegetables Pvt Ltd Asif Balwa and Rajiv Agarwal and Bollwood producer Karim Morani. The court has also framed charges against nine companies on trial.
The court ruled that Raja “in connivance” with Ammal, Kanimozhi and Sharad Kumar, was involved in parking the illegal gratification of Rs 200 crore received from Shahid U Balwa and Vinod K Goenka in Kalaignar TV.
The court also observed that the link between movement back of the proceeds of the crime (Rs 223.55 crore) to Dynamix Realty, and the arrest of Raja by the CBI “clearly reveals” his role and “active participation”.
While charging Kanimozhi, the court said, “Kanimozhi knowingly facilitated and was actually involved in the process of generation and layering of the proceeds of crime and in projection of it as untainted property.”
The court also observed that the entities involved in the money transaction, from DB group company to Kalaignar TV through Kusegaon Fruits and Vegetables Pvt Ltd and Cineyug Films Pvt Ltd, showed a “knee jerk” reaction to return it after Raja was contacted by the CBI during its probe into the 2G scam.
Stating that proceeds of crime amount to Rs 223.5 crore, the court said, “It is revealed…that to show the transfer as legitimate, this amount of Rs 200 crore, in fact, was layered with additional funds.”
The court also observed that proceeds of crime, which was generated because of “actions taken” by Raja, was ultimately parked with Kalaignar TV under the cover of transfer of varying amounts of funds through agreements/ MoUs relating to equity participation/ loan among a chain of inter-linked companies.
All accused have pleaded not guilty and have said that they will go on trial.
 

Acche Din: Falling diesel  onion prices to cut inflation | Jaitley s roadmap may help RajanCPI
(There is good news on the…)
PUNE/NEW DELHI: There is good news on the inflation front. Diesel prices are likely to fall 11% in a span of two weeks; onion has dropped to Rs 20 a kg; tomato down to Rs 20 a kg from Rs 60 a few months ago; cooking oil is cheaper, and the outlook for vegetable prices and petroleum products is encouraging.
Trade and industry bodies say food prices are likely to be moderate in the months ahead as vegetable planting has gone up 25%, particularly near big cities, raising hopes that last month's fall in consumer and wholesale inflation would be sustained, although there are worries about the impact of the poor monsoon on prices.
The government has already cut the price of diesel by more than Rs 3 a litre this month, and the fuel is expected to fall another Rs 2.50, bringing it down about 11%. Petrol is already down to a 16-month low as crude prices tumbled from a high of $115 in June to $83 this month before stabilising at $85-$87. This helping tame inflation as well as the subsidy bill and have an overall positive impact on the economy.
"The low fuel inflation will result in Rs 15,000 crore worth of savings on the oil subsidy front compared to the budget estimate. The fiscal deficit target of 4.1% of the GDP which seemed very optimistic during the time of budget looks feasible now", said DK Pant, chief economist, India Ratings. He said government borrowings will be less than budgeted, having an impact on market interest rates, which will spur economic activity in the market.
In September, retail inflation,RBI's key inflation measure, eased to 6.46%, while wholesale inflation dropped to a five-year low of 2.38%, the fourth straight month of moderation led by falling vegetable prices. Vegetable prices are expected to remain low.
"Vegetable production has seen an increase around all metropolitan cities with planting seen an increase of 25%. Next three months prices will be under control," said Shriram Gadhave, president of the Maharashtra based All India Vegetable Growers Association. He said a tomato farmer in Maharashtra was getting less than Rs 5 a kg where-as in retail it was being sold at Rs 40 a kg. "Prices will correct soon," he said. However, some analysts are concerned about impact of this year's weak monsoon.
"As advance estimates have indicated shortfall in kharif harvest, it may affect prices of pulses. So we still need to be cautious on that. Anyway, India does not have enough domestic production, and is import dependent so price sensitivity will be higher", said Aditi Nayar, senior economist, ICRA. She expects average consumer price index (CPI) between 6.5-7% in by January and a little higher by March. She said diesel had a small weightage in CPI but broader impact would be visible with a lag. Fuel and light has a 9.49% weight in the CPI, relatively lower than 15% weight in the wholesale price index.
Food occupies 50% weight in the CPI.Vegetable prices have been falling post Diwali. "In the next three days potato prices will fall by 10-15% as supplies from Punjab begin," said Padam Bhushan, potato trader at Azadpur mandi in New Delhi where it was being sold at Rs 20-25 a kg.
FEATURED ARTICLES

JMM  Congress part waysUpdated: November 1, 2014 01:50 IST
Congress, JMM part ways in Jharkhand
Amarnath Tewary 
Jharkhand Chief Minister and JMM leader Hemant Soren: "We’ll now contest on all the 81 seats." File photo
TOPICS
alliances and coalition
Both the party leaders announced that they would contest the forthcoming assembly elections on all 81 seats separately.
Its official now. The 475-days-old grand alliance between the Jharkhand Mukti Morcha and the Congress in Jharkhand has finally broken off with both the party leaders announcing to contest the forthcoming assembly elections on all 81 seats separately. The five phase assembly poll in Jharkhand is scheduled to begin on November 25.
“Yes, alliance between our parties has finally been broken off as at the last minute the Congress party ditched us. We’ll now contest on all the 81 seats”, declared Chief Minister and JMM leader Hemant Soren.
Leaders of both the parties, including Mr. Soren have been camping in Delhi to negotiate the alliance over seat adjustment and several rounds of talk between the two parties were held to reach a final agreement.
However, party sources said that JMM was not ready to leave Jamtara, Ghatsila and Pakur seats to Congress while the Congress party had sough 45 seats and asked JMM to accommodate the other two regional alliance partners like JD-U and RJD from its quota of remaining 36 seats.
Significantly, ever since the assembly poll results had come from Maharashtra and Haryana a section of the state Congress leaders were in favour of going alone in Jharkhand elections while the other leaders favoured the alliance.
“The poll results of Maharashtra and Haryana had indications that people have refused to vote for the regional parties”, said state Congress chief Sukhdeo Bhagat while adding that Congress in Jharkhand was in strong position to take on BJP on is own.
A delegation of sate leaders, led by Sukhdeo Bhagat had met with Congress president Sonia Gandhi earlier this week.
Meanwhile, party insiders said that Congress party now is gearing up to forge new alliance with Babulal Marandi led Jharkhand Vikas Morcha along with JD-U and RJD in Jharkhand.
Two JVM leaders have been sent to Delhi for alliance talk with Congress party, said Pravin Singh, a party leader.
However, like other regional parties Congress party too appears to be in a very fragile health in Jharkhand. In the last Lok Sabha poll the Congress Party had miserably failed to make its presence as its lone MP Subodh Kant Sahay too had lost the poll from Ranchi constituency. Besides, unlike other parties the Congress does not have a well-acclaimed leadership in the state.
In the 81 seats Jharkhand assembly the current strength is 70 after 10 legislators had recently resigned from their respective parties to join BJP or JMM. Before 2014 Lok Sabha poll two Independent candidates had joined Trinamool Congress and the party was accorded seats with treasury bench.
Besides, the BJP has 17, JMM-15, Congress Party-12, RJD-5, JVM [P]-6, AJSU-6, RJD-5, JD-U-2, TMC-2, CPI-ML-2 and Independents-5 seats in the assembly.
In the fast changing political scenario of Jharkhand the BJP, though, has decided to go alone in the poll riding on the Narendra Modi wave but party sources also said that BJP may make some seat adjustment with Sudesh Mahto led AJSU, a regional party.
“ But, we’re in a strong position to contest the poll alone in Jharkhand today and form a stable government in the state after a long time”, said a state BJP leader.
In the last Lok Sabha poll BJP had won 12 out of total 14 seats bagging 40.1 per cent votes while the Congress had polled just 13.3 per cent votes with ruling party JMM 12.1 per cent.
Ever since its creation as separate state in 2000 Jharkhand has seen altogether 9 chief ministers and three terms of President Rule.
“It will be for the first time that the BJP will provide a stable and strong government in Jharkhand”, said state BJP leader Arjun Munda adding that the party would win over 55 seats in the upcoming state assembly elections.

Titan stock tumbles 7% despite healthy earningsTitan stock tumbles 7% despite healthy earnings
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 31:  
Shares of Tata group firm Titan Company fell as much as seven per cent in the morning trade today even as the company reported over 28 per cent jump in its second quarter net profit.
Marketmen attributed the fall in the counter despite robust second quarter performance being largely driven by jewellery business.
Titan Company had yesterday reported 28.57 per cent jump in net profit at Rs 239.98 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2014 on account of sharp increase in jewellery sales.
Shares of the company opened on a weak note and then lost further ground to touch an intra-day low of Rs 391, registering a fall of 6.91 per cent over its previous closing price.
Similar movement was seen in the National Stock Exchange as well where the stock after opening at Rs 409.90 fell 6.87 per cent to reach an early low of Rs 390.55.
Titan’s net sales were at Rs 3,564.67 crore during Q2, 2014-15, up 55.66 per cent against Rs 2,290.02 crore in the year-ago period, Titan said in a BSE filing.
“This was an extraordinary quarter for the company and we witnessed an income growth of 55 per cent on account of an encouraging performance by all divisions, especially the jewellery business, where the accounts of our Golden Harvest Scheme customers had to be closed based on regulatory changes,” Titan Company Managing Director Bhaskar Bhat said.
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

ITC Q2 net profit surges by 8.72 per centITC Q2 net profit surges by 8.72 per cent to Rs 2,425.16 crore
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 31, 2014  | 13:29 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
ITC, the home-grown conglomerate , on Friday reported an 8.72 per cent increase in its standalone net profit to Rs 2,425.16 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2014.
The FMCG major had registered a net profit of Rs 2,230.53 crore in the corresponding quarter of the previous 2013-14 fiscal.
ITC's standalone total income during the reporting quarter also surged by 14.76 per cent to Rs 9,023.74 crore, compared to Rs 7,862.53 crore in the same period of FY14, the company said in a filing to the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).
The company's scrip was trading at Rs 355.25 a piece on the BSE during the afternoon trade, up 0.11 per cent from its previous close.

US Fed move has not been entirely priced in by the markets  brace for selling: AnalystAsian economy
('Inevitably, the initial…)
In a chat with ET Now, Vishnu Varathan, Senior Economist & Head Economics, Markets & Strategy, Mizuho Bank, shares his views on the outcome of the US Fed meet and talks about the Asian economy. Excerpts:
ET Now: Firstly, a bit about the US Fed. We don't have any surprises from them this time around. Most of the markets have digested the news very well. Has the move been entirely priced in?
Vishnu Varathan: Well, to some extent, the move has not been entirely priced in because the Fed has also not made it explicitly clear what they are going to do. I mean the end of QE was seen coming from some distance in any case and that was pretty much a consensus. So what the Fed did was to state that the dependency on data swings both ways. If data is better than expected, then the rate hike would come in sooner or if vice versa, be later. It is a more symmetric risk, but even then clarity on exactly when that is going to take place and more importantly, the pace of rate hikes that follows, these are the uncertainties that remain. But the markets are not rushing into it because for now the perception is that is not going to be any sooner than the middle of 2015.
ET Now: How do you see a move on interest rates impacting flows because the Fed has said that rates could remain considerably low for a considerable period of time?
Vishnu Varathan: Inevitably, the initial Fed interest rate hike causes the marginal yield seeking investments in emerging markets to capitulate. So initially, we could see some sell off in a lot of emerging markets and that has been proven quite a few times in tandem with Fed yields. Another point that we need to get across is that yields have actually softened since they hit 3% late last year, which means that when the initial rate hikes come in and interest rates go up, there is another opportunity for sell off because the yields have softened rather than being priced in incrementally.
ET Now: We have subsequently seen the dollar pick up as well. Do you expect the dollar strength to continue and what is the near term and medium term strategy on the currency front?
Vishnu Varathan: With the dollar strength, at the risk of sounding cliched, this is not going to be a straight line move. We are getting more confident of dollar strength. So we seek a bit of generalised dollar strength, but we expect it to be accentuated in particular against the euro and the yen because these central banks are going to continue to expand their balance sheets versus the Fed, which is hiking interest rates.
We actually see the BOE beginning to hike rates later next year, which means that the initial pound weakness could give rise to some rebound. So that is going to be a bit more nuanced. For the emerging markets, particularly Asia, we expect the initial sell off in Asian currencies to be followed through with some recovery because we expect China to continue appreciating its currency and we also expect that the infrastructure spending in Asia is going to boost growth a bit. So with interest rates remaining low, emerging Asia is still quite a compelling story. So we see some opportunity for Asian currencies to gain.
  ET Now: Subsequently, while the rupee has been largely stable over the few months, do you think we could see it topple because of the US currency and any other major risks that you are factoring in right now for the rupee?
Vishnu Varathan: Starting with the very broad brush, we do not think that the Indian rupee will be immune to the broad-based dollar strength. So initially, we do expect some downside in the Indian rupee to come through, but we think that it is not going to be a free fall either. A lot of things have been done to improve the current account. Now with the subsidy cut, the fiscal account is set to improve, inflation is under wraps, etc. So we expect the rupee weakness to be contained well within 65 initially.
But after that, the rupee rebound could come through with the current account improvement, twin deficits narrowing back, inflation coming under wraps and also a lot of investments getting back into India based on the reforms. So as long as the reform momentum is rolling, the rupee remains as our medium term top pick. We expect the rupee to outperform a lot of Asian currencies in the 18 to 24 months' time-frame.
ET Now: Some people are also expecting the Reserve Bank of India to move towards softer interest rates shortly and some banks have already reduced short-term deposit rates. What is your take on this?

ITC Meets Estimates  Q2 Net Grows 9%ITC Meets Estimates  Q2 Net Grows 9%
Dollar/yen posts biggest daily gain in 1-1/2 years after BOJ easingDollar/yen posts biggest daily gain in 1-1/2 years after BOJ easing
P&G Hygiene gains after good Q1 resultP&G Hygiene gains after good Q1 result
Samsung Electronics seeks China comeback with first metallic smartphonesSamsung Electronics seeks China comeback with first metallic smartphones
Union Bank of India gains after good Q2 earningsUnion Bank of India gains after good Q2 earnings
Corporate : Moody s assigns Ba1 rating to JSW SteelCorporate : Moody s assigns Ba1 rating to JSW Steel
Results for the 14 day term repo auction held on October 31  2014Results for the 14 day term repo auction held on October 31  2014
Raj Rayon Industries updates on production status at various plantsRaj Rayon Industries updates on production status at various plants
Slumping oil prices prompt re-think on high-cost Asian energy projectsSlumping oil prices prompt re-think on high-cost Asian energy projects
2g ho ya 4g ho apun darta nahi kisi court ruling se ... 1st class busi...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Sell for 1200 today itselfCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Volume zoom to above 5000Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Really awesome result posted by marksans pharma .. 10 take ke munafe ...Silver Member
27 Followers
Really Awesome result Posted by Marksans Pharma ..  10 take ke munafe ke liye 100 take ka munafa mat kho dena dosto  ..  Sit tight  and hold it for long term for a handsome Returns  ....
1.33 PM Oct 31st  | Track

Black money: Govt discloses eight names to SCCentre gives black money full list to SC, names to remain secret
Dabur said that Pradip Burman’s account was opened when he was a non-resident Indian, Lodhya denied having a foreign bank account, and Radha Timblo said she needed to study the affidavit before reacting.
“The intention of the present government is clear and unambiguous. The government is keen to unearth black money held abroad and for that purpose it will use all diplomatic and legal means and also all investigative agencies to obtain information that can assist in such unearthing,” the Centre said in the affidavit.
Read: BJP calls black money affidavit historic, Cong claims blackmail
 
The Congress asked the Modi administration to refrain from “political titillation and playing games”, calling for disclosure of names of all those who had illicit money abroad.
“They are the government. They control ministries and departments. They should act....Do not play games,” said party spokesperson Abhishek Manu Singhvi.
Monday’s affidavit was filed by the income tax (I-T) department in response to a public interest petition filed by former law minister Ram Jethmalani in 2009 seeking that the government take action to bring back India’s black money, estimated by some at nearly $500 billion.
Read:  Govt trying to protect politicians, businessmen, says Ram Jethmalani
A special bench headed by Chief Justice of India HL Dattu will hear the black money case on Tuesday. The government is seeking that the court modify an earlier order insisting that all names be revealed; its view is that names should be disclosed only after prosecution is launched against the tax evaders.
The affidavit said that the prosecution against Burman began after the government received information against him from French authorities. It was silent on the sources of information on the others.
The government also informed the court that Switzerland had assured its cooperation, including reaching a treaty on automatic exchange of information with India. It said Swiss authorities had agreed to assist India in obtaining confirmation of genuineness of bank documents.
HT had on last Wednesday reported the Centre was likely to tell the apex court names of people against whom strong evidence exists of stashing away black money in Swiss banks.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government is moving fast to repatriate hundreds of billions of dollars in slush funds or black money stashed abroad, as part of a wider clampdown on corruption that he promised during his election campaign.
The government is building pressure particularly on Switzerland, seeking details of Indians who have parked unaccounted for money in the Alpine country's highly secretive banks. It has quickly implemented a Supreme Court directive to set up a high-powered special investigation team , headed by retired judge MB Shah, to look into the issue.
Black money arises mainly from incomes not disclosed to the government usually to avoid taxation, and, sometimes, because of its criminal links. About a third of India's black money transactions are believed to be in real estate, followed by manufacturing and shopping for gold and consumer goods.
According to PTI, the Union government told the apex court that Switzerland had indicated willingness to provide information on black money in cases probed by the income tax department.
Information received from foreign countries will be disclosed in all cases where tax evasion is established, the government said.
Even though the government pointed out that it had no intention to withhold names of people who have stashed black money, it also said such names could not be disclosed unless there was prima facie evidence of wrongdoing.
The Centre also noted that every foreign account held by an Indian may not be illegal.
Earlier, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) government had told the Supreme Court that it could not disclose the names of those who have deposited money in banks abroad as this would jeopardise tax agreements with nations providing those names to India.
There were murmurs of protest within the ruling BJP that not disclosing names would hurt the party's image after it had made bringing back black money, a key issue in a general election that it won by a landslide. The Centre's stand also drew a strong response from the Congress, which accused it of hypocrisy.
Turning the tables on the Congress, finance minister Arun Jaitley had recently said the disclosing of names of people holding black money accounts will embarrass the opposition party.
The previous UPA government had submitted the names of 18 persons who had illegally stashed away money in Liechtenstein to the Supreme Court.
It had come under flak after it opposed the Supreme Court’s direction to set-up a special investigation team (SIT) and its review petition against the court’s verdict was dismissed. The SIT was finally set up by the Modi government within days of its taking over at the Centre.
(With inputs from agencies)

High milk intake may lead to early death: StudyInstead of strengthening your bones, drinking more than three glasses of milk a day may increase the risk of early death, a study has found. (Source: Thinkstock Images)
By: Indo-Asian News Service | Posted: October 29, 2014 1:36 pm
Instead of strengthening your bones, drinking more than three glasses of milk a day may increase the risk of early death, a study has found.
This could be due to the high levels of lactose and galactose (types of sugar) in milk, that have been shown to increase oxidative stress and chronic inflammation in animal studies, the researchers said.
Doctors and nutritionists have long recommended a diet rich in milk for boosting calcium intake and lowering risk of fracture.
“Our results may question the validity of recommendations to consume high amounts of milk to prevent fragility fractures,” said lead researher Karl MichaAlsson from Uppsala University in Sweden.
The researchers set out to examine whether high milk intake may increase oxidative stress, which, in turn, affects the risk of mortality and fracture.
Two large groups of 61,433 women (aged 39-74 years in 1987-1990) and 45,339 men (aged 45-79 years in 1997) in Sweden completed food frequency questionnaires for 96 common foods including milk, yoghurt and cheese.
Women were tracked for an average of 20 years, during which time 15,541 died and 17,252 had a fracture.
The researchers found no link between higher milk consumption and reduction in fracture risk in women.
Furthermore, women who drank more than three glasses of milk a day (average 680 ml) had a higher risk of death than women who drank less than one glass of milk a day (average 60 ml).
Men were tracked for an average of 11 years, during which time 10,112 died and 5,066 had a fracture.
Men also had a higher risk of death with higher milk consumption, although this was less pronounced than in women.
Further analysis showed a positive association between milk intake and biomarkers of oxidative stress and inflammation.
The study appeared in the British Medical Journal.

India third largest start-upecosystem in world: NasscomThe Hindu Ravi Gururaj (left), Chairman, Nasscom Product Council (left) and R. Chandrashekhar, President, NASSCOM, at a press conference in Bangalore on Wednesday. Photo: G.R.N. Somashekar
TOPICS
economy (general)
India is the fastest growing and third largest start-up ecosystem in the world after the U.S. and the U.K., according to a Nasscom (National Association of Software and Services Companies) a study. .
The study, India Start-up Report 2014, by Nasscom also says India is poised to see a rapid growth in the number of product start-up operational by 2020. At present, there are around 3,100 start-ups in India, and is expected to grow to 11,500 by the end of 2020, says the study.
“The Indian start-up ecosystem is rapidly evolving driven by extremely young, diverse and inclusive entrepreneurial landscape. An additional driving force is a four-fold increase in access to capital through VCs, angel investment and seed funding for the Indian entrepreneurs,” said Nasscom President R. Chandrashekhar.
Further, the study says the rapid growth in start-up will create an employment for around 250,000 people by 2020 as against the current 75,000.
The Nasscom study also states that in the last five years there were more than 70 VC/PE have investment worth over $2 billion in the domestic start-up ecosystem. According to Nasscom data, there were over 20 merger and acquisition deals worth $ 1billion in the last three years.
The presence of more than 80 business incubators and accelerators providing seed stage support to start-ups is also another major reason for the growth of start-ups in the country. Major cities such as Bangalore, Delhi-NCR, Mumbai, Hyderabad, Pune and Chennai account for 90 per cent of the start-up activity.

Red-hot lava nears Hawaii home and main roadThis Wednesday, Oct. 29, 2014 photo provided by the U.S. Geological Survey shows an aerial view of the lava flow over Cemetery Road and a street near the town of Pahoa on the Big Island of Hawaii. Photo:AP
TOPICS
natural disasters
Dozens of homes, business and other structures are in the area of the lava flow. That amount could increase as the flow front widens.
Rain fell Wednesday on a red-hot river of lava as it threatened to consume its first home on its slow advance into a rural Hawaii town.
A breakout of the lava flow was about 100 feet from a Pahoa residence about the length of a basketball court, said Hawaii County Civil Defence Director Darryl Oliveira. The couple who lives in the home has left.
Scientists from the Hawaiian Volcano Observatory who are walking alongside the lava reported its leading edge was 240 yards (219 meters) from Pahoa Village Road, which goes through a commercial hub of the Big Island’s sprawling and isolated Puna district.
The leading edge remained in a large agricultural parcel that included another house, which was about 100 yards (91 meters) from the lava, Oliveira said.
Dozens of homes, business and other structures are in the area of the lava flow. That amount could increase as the flow front widens.
So far lava has burned a garden shed, tires and some metal materials.
On Wednesday, it burned mostly vegetation, while the rain helped tamp down smoke from the crackling stream.
Officials are monitoring hazards from the smoke. Chemists from the observatory detected only low levels of sulfur dioxide, Oliveira said.
The lava flow emerged from a vent in June and until recently had been slowly weaving through uninhabited forest and pastureland.
Jeff and Denise Lagrimas packed up to leave for a town 14 miles (22 kilometers) away. The flow is expected to slither past properties across the street from their home as it works its way toward the ocean, about 6 miles (9 kilometers) away. They decided not to stay and see if that happens or if the lava burns their home.

ACC Clocks 62% Rise in Net Profit in July-September QuarterAviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
New Delhi:
Cement manufacturer ACC Ltd today reported a whopping 62 per cent rise in its consolidated net profit for July-September quarter at Rs 192.60 crore on better cost management and improved realisations.
The company, which follows January-December as accounting year in line with its majority stakeholder Holcim, had reported Rs 118.90 crore net profit in the same quarter last year.
"Profitability during the quarter showed an improvement as a result of our customer excellence programme and better cost management, particularly with regard to distribution costs and optimised sourcing of inputs and improved realisations," ACC Ltd said in a statement.
Sales turnover of the company, with prospects of economy gradually picking up leaving a positive impact on cement demand, rose to 2,741.87 crore from Rs 2,505.44 crore during the same quarter a year earlier.
Sales volume increased though marginally to 5.62 million tonnes (MT) during the July-September quarter of the current year compared to 5.54 MT during the same quarter last year.
Operating EBITDA rose to Rs 379 crore against Rs 286.56 crore in the same period of the previous year, it said.
"With prospects of the economy gradually picking up, the infrastructure, housing and construction sectors are expected to register growth in the near term which will have a positive impact on demand for cement," ACC Ltd said.
The company said its subsidiary ACC Mineral Resources had participated in four 49:51 joint ventures with Madhya Pradesh State Mining Corporation (MPSMCL) for development and mining of four coal blocks allocated to MPSMCL.
These blocks now stand cancelled following cancellation of blocks by the Supreme Court last month. ACC Ltd said the financial loss or operational impact as a result, if any, would not be significant.
Story first published on: October 30, 2014 15:23 (IST)

Buy Bharti Airtel  RCom Today: Sanjeev BhasinIVRCL Allots First Tranche of Shares to CDR Lenders
A global rally is now gathering momentum and Indian stock markets are likely to outperform. The Nifty is set to scale 8,250 and beyond as foreign flows and improving macros will lead to better corporate profitability. Expect more stock and sector outperformance as local retail flows enter the markets.
Trading calls with 3/4 days outlook,
Buy Bharti Airtel: 407-415, stop loss 400, and target 429-432
Buy Reliance Communications: 102-106, stop loss 98, and target 112-115
Also carry all previous trades ( See list here )
Disclaimer: Investors are advised to make their own assessment before acting on the information.
Story first published on: October 31, 2014 08:41 (IST)

 Titan Q2 Net Up 28% at Rs. 240 CroreYou are here: Home Corporates
Titan Q2 Net Up 28% at Rs 240 Crore
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 30, 2014 18:47 (IST)
New Delhi: Tata group firm Titan Company Ltd today reported 28.57 per cent jump in net profit at Rs 239.98 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2014 on the account of sharp increase in jewellery sales.
The company had reported net profit of Rs 186.65 crore in the corresponding quarter a year ago.
Titan's net sales were at Rs 3,564.67 crore during Q2, 2014-15, up 55.66 per cent as against Rs 2,290.02 crore in the year-ago period, Titan said in BSE filing.
Commenting on the results, Titan Industries managing director Bhaskar Bhat said: "This was an extraordinary quarter for the company and we witnessed an income growth of 55 per cent on account of an encouraging performance by all divisions, especially the jewellery business where the accounts of our Golden Harvest Scheme customers had to be closed based on regulatory changes."
He further said: "We have also seen an improvement in consumer sentiments in the second quarter...All our brands will invest in new campaigns in this quarter to improve connect with the consumer."
During the quarter, revenue jewellery business by whopping 64.8 per cent to Rs 2,929.38 crore while watches business grew by 20.13 per cent to Rs 527.46 crore.
Revenue from other businesses comprising of eye wear, accessories and precision engineering businesses increased by 20.93 per cent to Rs 137.9 crore.
For the half year period ended September 30, the company posted a net profit of Rs 417.25 crore as against net profit of Rs 369.13 crore in the corresponding period last year.
Net sales of the company for the half year period ended September 30 rose to Rs 6,418.33 crore as compared with Rs 5,377.81 crore in same period in the previous fiscal.
Shares of Titan Company closed at Rs 420.05 apiece at the end of day's trade, up 2.18 per cent from their previous close on the BSE.
Story first published on: October 30, 2014 18:45 (IST)

Bharti Airtel Falls Despite Profit Beat in Q2You are here: Home Market
Bharti Airtel Falls Despite Profit Beat in Q2
NDTV | Updated On: October 31, 2014 10:28 (IST)
IVRCL Allots First Tranche of Shares to CDR Lenders
Shares in Bharti Airtel fell over one per cent to a day low of Rs 400.50 on Friday despite a beat in Q2 net profit. Bharti reported a 24 per cent sequential jump in its net profit to Rs 1,383 crore in the July -September quarter, while its revenue declined half a per cent sequentially to Rs 22,845 crore. ( Read full copy )
Analysts polled by NDTV had estimated its net profit at Rs 1,287 crore on sale of Rs 23,227 crore. Bharti, although beat street estimates on net profit but its revenue missed street estimates by nearly 2 per cent mainly due to disappointing performance in its Africa business which continued to lag behind.
Bharti's Africa revenue fell 2 per cent sequentially to $1,140 million dollar in the reporting quarter. Analysts had estimated its Africa revenue to grow at 4 per cent.
Analysts say Bharti's net profit was driven by higher data revenue, which is unlikely to continue in future. Market Analyst, Ambareesh Baliga says Bharti is unlikely to maintain this growth in data usage post 4G service launch by Reliance Jio, which will pressure its margin in data business.
As of 9.50 a.m. shares in Bharti Airtel traded 0.9 per cent lower at Rs 403.85 apiece underperforming the Nifty which was up 0.8 per cent.
Story first published on: October 31, 2014 09:54 (IST)

India votes against UN draft resolutions on NPTFirst Committee
(Prior to approval of that…)
UNITED NATIONS: India has voted against the provisions of draft resolutions that would have required it to accede to the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT), saying there is "no question" of it joining the treaty as a non- nuclear weapon state.
Deeply concerned about the growing dangers of nuclear and other mass destruction weapons caused by proliferation networks, the First Committee of the 193-member UN General Assembly that deals with disarmament and international security issues approved a draft resolution yesterday urging all member states that had not yet done so to sign and ratify the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty.
Prior to approval of that draft as a whole, votes were polled on provisions, including on operative paragraph, by which the Assembly would call on all those countries that have not joined the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT) to accede to it as non-nuclear weapon states.
The provision was retained by a recorded vote of 164 in favour, with Democratic People's Republic of Korea, India and Israel voting against it.
In its explanation of vote, India said it cannot accept the call to accede to NPT as a non-nuclear-weapon state.
"India's position on the NPT is well-known. There is no question of India joining the NPT as a non-nuclear weapon state. Nuclear weapons are an integral part of India's national security and will remain so, pending non- discriminatory and global nuclear disarmament," it said.
The Committee then took four recorded votes on a resolution 'Towards a nuclear weapon-free world: accelerating the implementation of nuclear disarmament commitments'.
The text was approved as a whole by a vote of 166 in favour to seven against, with Korea, France, India, Israel, Russian Federation, the UK and the US opposing it.
By another provision in the resolution, the Assembly would stress the fundamental role of NPT in achieving nuclear disarmament and non-proliferation and urge India, Israel and Pakistan to promptly accede to the Treaty as non-nuclear- weapon states and place all their nuclear facilities under IAEA safeguards.
The provision was retained by a recorded vote of 163 in favour with India, Israel, the US and Pakistan voting against.
In its explanation of vote, India said it remains committed to the goal of complete elimination of nuclear arms.
"We are concerned about the threat to humanity posed by the continued existence of nuclear weapons and their possible use or threat of use. India also shares the view that nuclear disarmament and nuclear non-proliferation are mutually reinforcing. We continue to support a time-bound programme for global, verifiable and non-discriminatory nuclear disarmament," it said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Japan shares soar  yen skids after BOJ stuns with new easing steps2
Traders shifted bets on the Federal Reserve's first round of interest-rate increases to July 2015 from September 2015 before the report.
The jobs report caused the yield on U.S. 2-year Treasuries  to rise to its highest since May 2011, according to Reuters data. The yield curve flattened, with the differential between the five-year note and the 30-year bond falling to its lowest level since January 2009.
The benchmark 10-year Treasury note  was off 14/32 and yielding 2.3047 percent.
The dollar rose against a basket of currencies <.DXY> to its highest level since March 2009. The dollar also hit multi-year peaks against the euro  and against the yen . The U.S. dollar index hit a peak of 89.467, up 0.86 percent on the day.
On Wall Street, the Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 58.69 points, or 0.33 percent, to 17,958.79, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 3.45 points, or 0.17 percent, to 2,075.37 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.32 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,780.76.
"Payrolls confirm the strength of the economy, but that strength is reflected in stock prices," said Ronald Sanchez, chief investment officer of Fiduciary Trust Company International in New York
Stock traders balanced the encouraging fundamental strength in the U.S. economy with the prospect of a rate rise.
Financial shares led gains. The S&P financial index <.SPSY> was up 1 percent, with higher interest rates expected to boost earnings in the sector. Utilities, a dividend play, lost ground as Treasuries yields rose. The S&P utility index <.SPLRCU> was down 0.8 percent.
MSCI's global share index <.MIWD00000PUS> was up 0.1 percent, while an index of European shares <.FTEU3> ended up 1.8 percent as a weaker euro boosted exporters.
Gold  dropped more than 1 percent, suffering from the dollar's strength, while Brent  and U.S. crude  continued their slide.
Spot gold  was down 1.2 percent at $1,190.90 an ounce. Brent crude fell 57 cents to settle at $69.07 a barrel, while U.S. crude oil futures dropped 97 cents to settle at $65.84.
(Additional reporting by Michael Connor, Ryan Vlastelica and Dan Bases in New York; Editing by Dan Grebler and Leslie Adler)

Sauber boss urges Formula One to cut costs as teams run out ofrevenuesThe Sauber boss herself is facing financial constraints; is not happy with the way the F1 administrators are running the sport. (Source: AP)
Austin | Posted: October 31, 2014 12:54 pm | Updated: October 31, 2014 12:55 pm
Sauber principal Monisha Kaltenborn has urged Formula One’s decision makers to act in the sport’s best interests and tackle  a looming crisis after two teams went into administration in the space of a week.
Speaking after the governing FIA said the predicament of Marussia and Caterham showed the need for cost-cutting measures, Kaltenborn said she was ‘beyond frustration’ with how the situation had developed.
“It’s one thing to just talk about this terrible scenario that some teams are not going to be there but for the sport and the people responsible for the sport to have let it come that far is extremely disturbing,” she told reporters at the U.S. Grand Prix on Thursday.
“Some stakeholders and people are just not willing to understand where the problem lies,” added the India-born principal, whose own Swiss-based team is facing considerable financial challenges.
“What we really need to look at, and we as a team have been saying for so long, is you have to get the figures right in the sport. I think it’s a real shame that we have turnovers of billions of dollars and as a sport, as a community, we are not capable of making sure that 11 teams survive.”
Formula One has annual turnover in excess of $1.5 billion but more than half that goes to the commercial rights holder, with private equity group CVC the largest shareholder.
The teams share some 47.5 percent but only the top 10 get a share of the prize money and payments are based on performance and vary considerably.
ECONOMIC BALANCE
Former FIA president Max Mosley warned this week that more teams could go bust unless the revenues were shared more equally to ensure all could compete.
The FIA issued a statement on Thursday questioning the “economic balance” of the championship and pointing out that it had warned repeatedly of the need to cut costs.
Caterham and Marussia, both tail-end teams, are absent from this weekend’s race in Austin and in danger of folding completely due to considerable debts.
That leaves just nine teams and 18 cars, the lowest at a race weekend since 2005.
The FIA announced last year that it wanted to introduce a cost cap in 2015, but in April the governing body’s president Jean Todt said the plan had been scrapped because the leading six teams, who form part of the decision-making F1 strategy group, were opposed.
Todt said then that the governing body could not impose a cost cap and measures would have to be introduced instead through the sporting regulations.
Commercial supremo Bernie Ecclestone has given both teams dispensation to miss races while they try to find buyers. The Brazilian Grand Prix is the weekend after Austin, with Abu Dhabi the final race later in November.
Teams that miss races are, however, in breach of contractual continued…

Coal scam: Ex-coal secy HC Gupta  two others...Bail
(The court refused to accept…)
NEW DELHI: Former coal secretary and four others, including two serving government officials, were today granted bail by a Special Court in connection with a coal blocks allocation scam case.
The five accused including H C Gupta and two senior serving government servants K S Kropha and K C Samaria appeared before the court in pursuance to the summons issued against them and sought bail in the case.
After hearing the arguments, Special CBI Judge Bharat Parashar granted bail to all the accused.
Besides Gupta, the then Joint Secretary, Kropha, and the then Director (Coal Allocation-I section), Samaria, Managing Director of Madhya Pradesh-based firm Kamal Sponge Steel and Power Ltd (KSSPL) Pawan Kumar Ahluwalia, Chartered Accountant Amit Goyal and authorised representative of the company appeared before the court.
All of them were already summoned as accused for offences under sections 120-B (criminal conspiracy), 409 (criminal breach of trust by public servant) and 420 (cheating) under the IPC. Only Gupta has been summoned before the offences punishable under the Prevention of Corruption Act.
The court had summoned them as accused in the case while refusing to accept the closure report filed by the CBI in the case pertaining to alleged irregularities in the allocation of coal block to KSSPL.
The court had yesterday allowed CBI to carry out further probe in the case, saying the agency may place records of the case before the authorities for grant of sanction to prosecute the public servants.
The court had also asked CBI to file a progress report of its further investigation on December 15 and said the agency should be at a liberty to probe any other aspect of the matter if found necessary by them.
On October 13, the court had summoned six accused including Gupta, Samaria, Kropha and KSSPL.
Refusing to accept the CBI's closure report, the special court had observed that the probe carried out by it was "sketchy" and its conclusion "apparently wrong".
The court, in its detailed order had noted that no cognisance of offences under the Prevention of Corruption Act could be taken against Kropha and Samaria for want of sanction as they are still in government service.
The case pertains to alleged misrepresenting of facts, including inflated net worth, by KSSPL to acquire Thesgora-B/ Rudrapuri coal block in Madhya Pradesh.
According to CBI, KSSPL had allegedly given false statement about its annual turnover for two financial years that is 2004-2005 and 2005-2006 in their application form while applying for coal block allocation.
CBI had earlier told the court that officials of KSSPL had furnished unaudited balance sheet and had allegedly inflated its capacity to produce sponge iron by 25 per cent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PM Modi runs the talk on unity  gets people movingPM Modi ‘runs’ the talk on unity, gets people moving
Saubhadra Chatterji , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 31, 2014
First Published: 11:29 IST(31/10/2014) | Last Updated: 13:46 IST(31/10/2014)
Comments
For the first few minutes, nobody started running on the foggy Rajpath even after Prime Minister Narendra Modi flagged off the Run for Unity on Friday.
They had something more pressing on their mind: stand extremely close to the PM, raise “Mo-di, Mo-di” slogans and click his pictures.
Modi told them to move. They refused, jostling for better space. Some police constables briefly forgot their duty of crowd control and got busy aiming their mobile-cams at Modi. The venue of Run for Unity near Vijay Chowk, at the crossing of Rafi Marg and Rajpath, was filled with athletes and young people. The gathering bustled with energy, but, apparently, not for running.
The crowd finally started moving only after Modi, clad in white kurta and a bright red shawl, decided to start “running”. It was more of a brisk walk.
PM Modi flags off the 'Run for Unity' at Rajpath in New Delhi on Friday. (Vipin Kumar/HT Photo)
Modi’s liberal interaction with the crowd and his pace amid thousands of enthusiastic participants, who all wanted to come close to him, must have given the Special Protection Group (SPG) and the Delhi Police some harrowing moments.
Among Modi’s cabinet colleagues, urban development minister M Venkaiah Naidu was the first to arrive at the venue. Naidu changed his crisp white kurta-dhoti to T-shirt and trousers, complete with sneakers.
Finance minister Arun Jaitley was present at the function at Patel Chowk, where the PM and others paid floral tributes to Sardar Patel. If crowd support made the event a hit, the presence of bureaucrats was dismal.
Circulars were issued for bureaucrats, requesting them to be present. But barely 20-25 bureaucrats were seen at the VIP enclosure. Cabinet secretary Ajit Seth, registrar general C Chandramouli and Bhaskar Khulbe, additional secretary in the Prime Minister’s Office were among the ones who came early.
PM Modi takes part in the 'Run for Unity' at Rajpath in New Delhi on Friday. (Vipin Kumar/HT Photo)
National security adviser Ajit Doval also attended the function. Cricketer Gautam Gambhir, wrestler Sushil Kumar, boxer Vijender Singh sat in the front row before joining the run.
There was a long audio-visual presentation on Sardar Patel on the two giant screens and the compère kept people busy engineering slogans. Several roads leading to Rajpath were blocked.
According to a Delhi Police estimate, more than 5,000 people participated in the Run for Unity. The track was from Vijay Chowk to India Gate.

Why Raman Singh chose to underplay the number of missing children instateRaman Singh is the first chief minister of the country to initiate an e-Jandarshan. (Source: Oinam Anand)
Written by Ashutosh Bhardwaj | Raipur | Posted: October 31, 2014 1:15 pm
The day Chhattisgarh Chief Minister Raman Singh launched an online platform to communicate with citizens, his government filed an affidavit in the Supreme Court misrepresenting the number of missing children in the state. While the Centre had told Parliament in August that the number of untraced children from 2011-2013 in Chhattisgarh was 3129, the affidavit on Thursday reduced it drastically to 1204. Appropriately, the apex court pulled up the state and asked to submit a fresh affidavit.
The first chief minister of the country to initiate an e-Jandarshan also presides over a state that has reported probably the maximum number of missing children in the country. Coming from rural and tribal areas, these barely literate children belonging to poor families are trafficked to the  metros.  A study by the State Resource Centre of Adult Education under the HRD Ministry noted that around 20,000 minor girls from just two districts of Jashpur Surguja were trafficked to metro cities from 2006-10. Of them, 25 per cent never returned, 22 per cent visited home only once a year, 30 per cent were sexually exploited, and 60-70 per cent needed urgent psychological counseling.
The state, in its affidavit, also claimed that it had traced and recovered 8,224 of the missing children. In its zeal to flash this figure as a success story what it overlooked was that just a year on the streets amid drug peddlers and flesh traders is enough to push a child into the darkness. Unless proper counseling and rehabilitation is provided for, the child is perhaps irretrievably lost; his future will permanently be haunted and defined by the nightmares of his street days.
Chhattisgarh must introspect over the children it had lost by its sheer neglect, which is confirmed by the fact that the state with such high figures of missing children has little facilities to rehabilitate the recovered kids. If the online platform is for ordinary citizens to convey their grievances directly to the chief minister, Singh might hold the next several e-Jandarshans with the parents who had no news of their kids for years.

I dont want to be termed as hot: LisaHaydonLisa Haydon: Before 'Queen', people perceived me (just) as a model. I worked very hard to prove myself as a good actor.
By: Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai | Posted: October 31, 2014 1:14 pm
Model-turned-actress Lisa Haydon, who does not wish to be tagged as “hot”, says her performance in ‘Queen’ has helped people to pay attention to her acting acumen.
“Before ‘Queen’, people perceived me (just) as a model. I worked very hard to prove myself as a good actor. I needed the right opportunity, and now I feel people have started taking me seriously as an actress and have started paying attention to my talent,” Lisa said here.
She feels there has been an image change for her after ‘Queen’. “I don’t want to be termed as ‘hot’. It was getting offensive after a point. Who wants to be hot,” she asked while breaking into guffaws.
However, Lisa feels that after ‘Queen’, in which she played Vijayalakshmi – an independent, fun-loving and modern girl who befriends Kangana Ranaut’s character – she is “getting stuck with the ‘bohemian free-spirit’ image”.
She admits it “is so much better than hot”, but is clear that she doesn’t want to get “stuck with any image”.
The actress’s new film is ‘The Shaukeens’.
Talking about the movie and her character, she said: “In my opinion, my ‘The Shaukeens’ character Ahana is not hot. Vijayalakshmi (from ‘Queen’) is hotter than Ahana though she does not do anything to be hot – she burps, she snores, and has an ‘I don’t give a damn’ attitude which appeals to people. Ahana, on the other hand, is a very innocent and naive girl.”
Directed by Abhishek Sharma, ‘The Shaukeens’ features Annu Kapoor, Anupam Kher and Piyush Mishra.
“The three men have never met a girl like her and they think she is a streetsmart girl because she is very open about everything. The men think she likes them, but for her, they are paternal figures,” Lisa said.

Excited to join wife Gauri on Meri Aashiqui Tumse Hi : HitenTejwaniWhen asked how the experience of “Meri Aashiqui Tumse Hi” will be different from “Kutumb”, the actor said: “Well, the characters are different. Also, when we were shooting 'Kutumb', we weren't married. But now we're married."
By: Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai | Posted: October 31, 2014 1:07 pm
TV actor Hiten Tejwani is joining the cast of “Meri Aashiqui Tumse Hi”, which stars his wife and actress Gauri Pradhan Tejwani. He is “excited” to work with his real life partner in the show.
Hiten and Gauri were the leading pair in “Kutumb”, which went on air in 2001, and after many years, they are sharing the screen space once again.
“Any role for an actor is exciting, but acting with your (one’s) wife is even more exciting. We’ll be spending more time on the sets now. Earlier, we used to shoot on different locations, now we’ll get to spend more time together,” Hiten told IANS by phone from Mumbai.
When asked how the experience of “Meri Aashiqui Tumse Hi” will be different from “Kutumb”, the actor said: “Well, the characters are different. Also, when we were shooting ‘Kutumb’, we weren’t married. But now we’re married.”
“When you are performing opposite to your wife, the comfort level is very high from the beginning. With other co-actors, it takes a little while to reach a certain comfort level.”
The couple tied the knot in 2004 and welcomed twins, son Neevan and daughter Katya, in 2009.
Gauri had previously mentioned that she would like to work with her husband when she joined “Meri Aashiqui Tumse Hi”, and now that her wish has come true, she is pretty excited too.
Although Hiten and Gauri’s five-year-old twins aren’t allowed to watch TV, the actor is willing to bend the rules for this show.
On being asked how his children would react on seeing them together on the screen, he said: “They will be happy to see us together. Actually, they are not allowed to watch TV as of now, but we will let them see a scene or two where we are together.”
Although Hiten’s schedule is busy with “Meri Aashiqui Tumse Hi”, the actor is willing to take up new projects.
“I’ll be busy with ‘Meri Aashiqui Tumse Hi’, but let’s see what happens. Talks are going on. If something really nice turns up and I have time, then I’ll do it,” he said.

Nilofar weakens into a low-pressure area  moderate rainfall in Naliya andBhujPrint
Written by Ritu Sharma | Ahmedabad | Posted: October 31, 2014 12:48 pm | Updated: October 31, 2014 1:10 pm
The severe cyclonic storm Nilofar that weakened into a depression over Northeast Arabian Sea, moved northeastwards and further weakened into a well-marked low-pressure area, as per the latest Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) reports.
As an effect, Naliya in the western part of Kutch district received rainfall on Friday morning. The moderate rainfall that started at around 9 am turned into a drizzle after an hour and half.
It also rained in Jakhau village, Jakhau port, Kothara and other villages of Abdasa taluka. Naliya taluka headquarter of Abdasa is around 90 km west of Kutch district headquarters Bhuj. The town is around 30 km away from shoreline and it is here that the cyclone is predicted to make landfall as a depression later on Friday night.
The weather changed in Bhuj too with dark clouds and rainfall reported in the morning. However, there were no reports of rain in other coastal talukas like Gandhidham and Mundra though a thick cloud cover prevailed.
The change in weather was also felt in Ahmedabad. While the residents enjoyed the cool morning breeze, the weather remained pleasant after a long wait for cooler days and onset of winter despite at the end of October.
The Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) has predicted moderate rainfall at many places over Kutch and Saurashtra during next 24 hrs. Squally wind speed reaching 35-45 kmph gusting to 55 kmph would prevail along and off Gujarat coast during next 24 hours.
Though sea condition along and off Gujarat coast will be moderate to rough during next 24 hours. Fishermen along and off Gujarat coast are advised not to venture into the sea during next 24 hours. Thousands of people have already been evacuated from coastal villages as a precautionary measure.

Shiv Sena shields BJP over  lavish swearing-in ceremonyComments
Shiv Sena may be boycotting the swearing-in ceremony of Devendra Fadnavis, but the party Friday defended the BJP over the lavish ceremony saying this will "wash off sins" of the previous government.
BJP National President Amit Shah with Maharashtra CM-designate Devendra Fadnavis during their meeting at his residence in New Delhi. ( Sonu Mehta/HT Photo)
"You (Congress and NCP) have looted Maharashtra in your 15-year-rule and siphoned off thousands of crores of public money. If you are now speaking about a huge amount of money being spent on the oath-taking ceremony, it is nothing but hilarious," the Sena said in an editorial in its mouthpiece 'Saamana'.
Sharad Pawar's NCP, which has already extended outside support to the BJP, had on Thursday lashed out at the saffron party for holding a mega swearing-in ceremony for Fadnavis.
NCP spokesperson Nawab Malik had tweeted: "A party with a difference, hence the most lavish oath-taking ceremony in the history of Maharashtra government formation."  
Earlier, the Congress had on Wednesday accused the BJP of 'compromising' the dignity of the swearing-in ceremony and said the saffron party has turned the event into a festival. "The decorum and seriousness of the swearing-in has been lost," Congress spokesman Anant Gadgil had said.
However, the Sena described the oath-taking ceremony as being held to wash away "sins of the previous government."  
"Maharashtra is saddled with a debt of Rs. 3.5 lakh crore. Why this huge debt? The debt is the result of the (Congress-NCP) coalition government of the last 15 years. Today's ceremony is to wash off the sins committed by them. Organising this ceremony will incur some costs. Since it marks the end of the ego and corruption of the previous government, people will not mind the cost," it said.
The new chief minister should ensure that industrialists who reside in Maharashtra play their part in the state's development and create job opportunities for people, the Sena said.
"We extend our heartfelt greetings to the new chief Minister. Bring good days for Maharashtra and rule happily. This is only what we expect from you," it added.

Bangalore rape: Accused teacher a family friend  arrestedComments
Hundreds of parents and activists staged a demonstration on Friday outside a private school in the city where a teacher allegedly raped a six-year-old girl twice this week— the second such incident in Bengaluru in less than 10 days.
Police say the arrested accused, Jayshankar, visited the local police station on Friday for a background check that’s been made mandatory for employees of all schools in the city following a spate of on-campus rapes.
“He did not know that a rape case had been registered against him that morning. He walked straight into our trap,” said a police officer.
The child’s parents took her to a doctor after she complained of pain in her private parts on two consecutive days. Police are also contemplating action against the gynaecologist who confirmed the girl had been raped but did not alert them.
The 35-year-old school’s chairman went into hiding a few hours after the crime was reported on Thursday, while the BJP alleged the ruling Congress was trying to shield the institute management.
Police also said the school had not implemented safety measures prescribed by authorities.
The case emerged about ten days after a nursery student was allegedly sexually assaulted in another city school.
The same day, October 21, charges were framed in the Vibgyor International School incident from July where a six-year-old girl was gang-raped, triggering nationwide outrage.
(With agency inputs)

2G scam: Raja  Kanimozhi charged with money launderingComments
“I hope you’re all pleading guilty,” he said in open court. However, all the accused said they pleaded not guilty. The trial will be held on November 11, and the court will begin by examining the complainant and ED’s joint director Himanshu Kumar Lal.
The agency had on April 25 filed its charge sheet which accused 10 individuals and nine companies of being in “connivance” with each other to “park” illegal gratification of Rs. 223.55 crore in Kalaignar TV.
The gratification was received from the promoters of DB Realty Group and Swan Telecom Shahid Balwa and Vinod K Goenka. It was given to A Raja and MK Dayalu, K Kanimozhi and Sharad Kumar through various companies as a “bribe for grant of telecom licences to DB Group companies”.
In its 208-page order, the court noted that Raja was “actually involved in the process of refund of the proceeds of crime of Rs. 223.55 crore in order to wriggle out of the charges of crime”. The whole amount was “proceeds of crime,” it added.
Senior DMK leaders in Chennai declined comment on the fresh development beyond saying, “We will fight the issue legally.”
Besides Raja, Kanimozhi and Dayalu Ammal, the individual co-accused in the case are Shahid Balwa, Vinod Goenka, directors of Kusegaon Fruits and Vegetables Pvt Ltd Asif Balwa and Rajiv Agarwal, Kalaignar TV (KTV) MD Sharad Kumar, its director P Amirtham and Bollywood producer Karim Morani.
The court also framed charges against the nine accused firms including Swan Telecom and Kalaignar TV. It observed that the allegations of money laundering and bribery against the accused were “factual and credible”.

EO fails to act against 19 schools that violated UTs landagreementPrint
Written by Ifrah Mufti | Chandigarh | Posted: October 31, 2014 1:35 pm
Over a month ago, the education department had written to the Estate Office to take action against 19 city schools which were found violating UT’s land allotment agreement, however, no action has been taken yet against any of the school.
Though the Deputy Commissioner, Mohammed Shayin, who is also the Estate Officer had said that all those schools will be issued show cause notices for violating the rules of the agreement but the same was never implemented.
Mohammed Shayin said, “We are working on it and thus we need to strengthen ourselves with all required facts before we make a move against any of the school which has failed to fill up the requisite number of EWS seats as per our land allotment agreement.”
Jagjit Sekhon, principal of AKSIPS-41 said, “We had read our school name in the newspaper only, in the list of schools which have been defying the UT’s land allotment scheme but till now, we have not received any show cause notice.”
She added that the school was ready with the reply otherwise. “AKSIPS is a minority institute and it does not come under land allotment agreement thus is not under any compulsion to admit students from EWS category,” she said. On September 20, 2014, the District Education Officer Ram Kumar Sharma had sent a list of those19 schools to the DPI, which had not admitted the requisite number of students to the entry-level class in 2013-14. The same list was then sent to the Estate office by the DPI(s) asking the officer to take the required action.
The 19 schools considered as defaulters by the education department are Vivek High School, Sector 38; DAV Public School, Sector 8; Shishu Niketan Model Senior Secondary School, Sector 32; Bal Niketan Model Senior Secondary School, Sector 37; Stepping Stones School, Sector 38, AKSIPS-41; Shishu Niketan Model School, Sector 43; Banyan Tree School, Sector 48; SD Saini Model School,
Sector 38; Sri Guru Harkrishan Public School, Sector 40; Aanchal International School, Sector 41; AKSIPS-45; Ashiana Public School, Sector 46; Nav Bal Niketan School, Sector 29; Kundan International School, Sector 46, Play Way Model School, Sector 37; Kids-R-Kids, Sector 42; Ankur Public School, PU Campus, Sector 14 and St Kabir Public School, Sector 26.

Centre clears Rs 707 cr forBundelkhandAmong the approved projects, a major emphasis is on land development and water resources with maximum ACA of Rs 453.10 crore.
Lucknow | Posted: October 31, 2014 1:34 pm
In first approval of central funds for Uttar Pradesh, the Narendra Modi government has cleared Rs 707.79 crore for projects under Bundelkhand Package, which was started by the previous UPA government for the region to deal with its  drought situation.
The Centre will provide Additional Central Assistance (ACA) of Rs 657.59 crore under the package while the UP government will provide its share of Rs 36.80 crore.
Following this clearance, an emboldened UP government Wednesday sent another demand for projects worth Rs 1930.38 crore with an ACA of Rs 810.14 crore to the central government.
Among the approved projects, a major emphasis is on land development and water resources with maximum ACA of Rs 453.10 crore.
Installation of solar pumps are also a priority with Rs 40 crore sanctioned by the central government. Another Rs 150.26 crore will be utilised for providing irrigation water in 15 villages of Babina block of Jhansi district.
The central government has approved development of canal system in eight places under the package. The places are Maudha, Lahchura Weir, Barua, Jamini, Saprar Ranipur, Sajnam, Chillimal and Ohan canal system.
Among them, Lahchura Weir canal system will cost Rs 106.72 crore, Jamini canal system is worth Rs 103.28 crore and Maudha dam canal system Rs 94.42 crore.
The central government has also given preference to horticulture projects in the region. A sum of Rs five crore will be spent on development of a local fruit variety, Rs 6.30 crore for establishment of a horticulture estate, Rs 2.45 crore for setting up a nutritional garden and Rs 12.25 crore for development of a vegetable patti.
“The projects were approved during the steering committee meeting held last month. We have been officially communicated and soon funds will also be released. We have submitted projects for nearly Rs 1,930 crore, which are still under evaluation with the central government,” Devesh Chaturvedi, Principal Secretary, Planning Department told The Indian Express.
The Congress-led UPA government in 2009-10 had formed a special package for Bundelkhand region to tackle with the drought situation of the area. The total outlay was initially Rs 7,266 crore comprising Rs 3,506 crore  for UP and Rs 3,760 crore for Madhya Pradesh, to be implemented over a period of three years starting 2009-10. Later, the Bundelkhand Package was given extension till 2017.

Kanye West plans to move to Paris withdaughterRapper Kanye West is reportedly planning to make a full-time relocation to Paris early next year with daughter North, even if his wife Kim Kardashian does not accompany them.
By: Press Trust of India | Los Angeles | Posted: October 31, 2014 1:31 pm
Rapper Kanye West is reportedly planning to make a full-time relocation to Paris early next year with daughter North, even if his wife Kim Kardashian does not accompany them.
The reality star and West, 37, have been feuding for a while, and the couple allegedly had a blow out fight right
before her wild birthday party at Tao Nightclub in Las Vegas, reported Radar online.
“While they were getting ready, Kanye calmly told Kim that he was planning on making a move to Paris… And he was going to do it with or without her. It was like a sucker punch to the back of her head,” a source said.

Syria s Suffering Familiessyria s suffering families
Festive boost for Hero MotoCorpSave this video
Copy URL
Hero MotoCorp Ltd rose as much as 3.4 per cent in trade on Wednesday after the two-wheeler maker informed BSE that the Company expects to clock close to 1.5 lakh in retail sales on October 21, 2014, Dhanteras.
30

Are you ready for the Jazz Utsav this weekendPrint
Jazz Utsav is back to Delhi (Source: http://www.jazzutsav.in/)
Written by Parmita Uniyal | New Delhi | Posted: October 29, 2014 1:15 pm | Updated: October 29, 2014 1:21 pm
Delhiites, want to jazz up your weekend? Gear up for a musical weekend as the three-day Jazz Utsav comes calling this Friday, to be organised at Siri Fort Auditorium, Delhi. Featuring nine bands from eight countries, the festival which was formerly known as the Jazz Yatra enters its 30th year this time.
The festival has moved from outdoors to indoors, over the years. “We started out with big stars in the early years, playing by the swimming pool at the Ashoka and later at the Vasant Continental. Great musicians like Max Roach and Freddie Hubbard, Stephane Grapelli and Jan Garbarek,” Astri Ghosh, Festival coordinator shares with Indian Express Online.
“Having the festival outdoors was fun, the ambience was great, but in the nineties we moved indoors. Through the years we have had a loyal audience, some of whom started coming in 1984, and some people who have discovered jazz in recent years. I get very happy when I hear college students standing outside the gate before the show begins, talking with great enthusiasm about John Coltrane,” adds Ghosh.
So what can Jazz lovers and festival fans can expect this time? “We have never featured a band from Spain before, but this year one of the acts is the Diego Amador Trio, which combines flamenco jazz with gypsy music and classical and modern jazz. We have also established links with the San Sebastian jazz festival in Spain, and will have a small exhibition of  photographs from that festival at Siri Fort,” says Ghosh.
“We have nine bands from eight countries at the Utsav this time, two bands from the US,  the Steve Davis Quartet and the David Hazeltine Trio. Steve Davis is  a well known trombone player, and we rarely get to listen to the trombone here at the Jazz Utsav , so I am excited about that.”
It seems Delhi is eagerly awaiting the fest for there’s a lot of response on ticket windows as well as Facebook. “Usually people start asking us for tickets a few weeks before the event, and this year we have had a lot of people asking us for tickets ahead of time as well. There has been quite a lot of response on Facebook, so  I hope that we will see a lot of people at the festival.”
The artists performing at the fest are excited about being in India. “The Deborah J Carter Quartet came on Monday and held a workshop at the India International Centre. They are really excited about being at the Jazz Utsav this weekend. For the Diego Amador Trio, the Spanish band that is here right now, performing at the jazz Utsav is a dream come true.  They are  a gypsy band and are thrilled to be in the land where the gypsies came from, playing jazz!”
So if you have made up your mind about continued…

How the Fed got from eternity to hereHow the Fed got from eternity to here
John Authers in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/b03663b4-5f8e-11e4-986c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Scientists build  mini-stomachs  in laboratoryE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

US drone attack kills four militants in PakistanBy: Press Trust of India | Islamabad | Posted: October 30, 2014 12:31 pm
At least four militants were killed on Thursday when a US drone struck their compound in northwestern Pakistan’s restive tribal region bordering Afghanistan, officials said.
The pilotless plane hit the militants’ compound in Birmal area of South Waziristan.
A security official said four rebels including a foreign militant of Arab-origin were killed in the attack and the compound was completely destroyed.
There are also reports that some militants were also injured.
The killed Arab was identified as Adil while the exact identity of others was not known.
South Waziristan, adjacent to North Waziristan, was cleared of militants in 2009 but still they are active in its remote areas.
The US has persisted with drone attacks despite complain by Pakistan that such attacks were a violation of its sovereignty.
South Waziristan is one of the seven lawless tribal districts of Pakistan that border Afghanistan.

Heart diseases affect rural  urban people alikeThe study counters existing research which suggested gaps in care for those living in rural areas.
By: Indo-Asian News Service | Posted: October 30, 2014 12:25 pm
People living in rural areas are at no greater risk of dying from heart disease than their urban counterparts, says a study led by an Indian-origin cardiologist.
“Our study shows once a patient leaves a hospital, their overall health outcomes are similar regardless of where they live,” said lead author of the study Sacha Bhatia, cardiologist at Women’s College Hospital in Toronto, Canada.
The study counters existing research which suggested gaps in care for those living in rural areas.
The researchers examined the records of more than 38,000 people with chronic ischemic heart disease living in either urban or rural areas.
“From our study, we know that people with heart disease in rural areas tend to rely heavily on emergency departments for their care because of a lack of outpatient access to family doctors and specialists,” Bhatia pointed out.
“Yet, despite an increase in emergency department admissions in rural areas, we did not see worse health outcomes for these individuals,” Bhatia added.

Samsung vows to overhaul handset lineup after mobile profit plungesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

WhatsApp founders own nearly $9 bn in Facebook stockE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Airtel Q2 profit rises three-fold to Rs 1 383 crBharti Airtel Q2 net profit rises three-fold to Rs 1,383 cr on mobile data revenue
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 30, 2014  | 17:58 IST
Bharti Airtel, country's largest mobile operator , on Thursday reported nearly three-fold jump in consolidated net profit to Rs 1,383 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2014 on the back of higher mobile data revenue.
The company had reported a net profit of Rs 512 crore in the corresponding period of last fiscal, it said in a statement.
The company's total revenue rose 7.1 per cent to Rs 22,845 crore for the reported quarter as compared to Rs 21,324 crore in the corresponding period.
"Consolidated mobile data revenues at Rs 2,540 crore grew by 66.7 per cent year-on-year, contributing more than two- thirds of the incremental revenues," Airtel said in a statement.
Airtel said for India, mobile data revenue registered a growth of 73.8 per cent y-o-y at Rs 1,805 crore, helped by increase in data customer base and higher usage per customer. Mobile data revenues now contribute to 14.5 per cent of mobile India revenues.
"We continue to see strong momentum in mobile data which has grown by 74 per cent in this quarter. Airtel's pioneering 4G roll-out in 15 cities is now witnessing stronger customer acceptance," Bharti Airtel MD and CEO (India & South Asia) Gopal Vittal said.
On the regulatory front, he said the recent TRAI recommendations on making more contiguous spectrum available in the upcoming auctions have the potential of transforming the industry.
Africa revenues grew by 6.4 per cent in local currency terms, but the dollar appreciation depressed the reported growth to 1.9 per cent Y-o-Y, Airtel said.
Data revenues for Africa stood at $115 million with growth of 56.8 per cent and data revenues now contribute to 10.1 per cent of overall Africa revenues.
"Our robust 3G networks have supported the doubling of data volumes Y-o-Y, and we have been gearing up for much more growth. Airtel money transaction values have also crossed $1 billion a month," Bharti Airtel MD and CEO (Africa) Christian de Faria said.
The net debt of the company increased to Rs 62,215.8 crore due to an addition of Rs 6,445 crore of deferred payment liabilities for the 2G spectrum.

T-Series forays into handsets  signs up Snapdeal for its first smartphone saleE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

I m Proud to Be Gay   says Apple CEO Tim Cook'I'm Proud to Be Gay,' says Apple CEO Tim Cook
AP     New York   Last Updated: October 30, 2014  | 18:22 IST
Apple CEO Tim Cook
Apple CEO Tim Cook says he's proud to be gay.
The public declaration, in an essay written for Bloomberg Businessweek, makes Cook the highest-profile business CEO to come out as gay.
Cook said that while he never denied his sexuality, he never publicly acknowledged it, either. The executive said that for years he's been open with many people about his sexual orientation and that plenty of his Apple colleagues know he is gay.
Cook wrote in the column published on Thursday that it wasn't an easy choice to publicly disclose that he is gay, but that he felt the acknowledgement could help others.
"I've come to realize that my desire for personal privacy has been holding me back from doing something more important," he wrote.
Three days ago, Cook challenged his home state of Alabama to better ensure the rights of the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender community.
Alabama is among the states that do not recognize same-sex marriage, and it also doesn't offer legal protections on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity. Cook is a native of Robertsdale, Alabama, and attended Auburn University.
"I consider being gay among the greatest gifts God has given me," Cook wrote in the essay Thursday.
The executive said that "being gay has given me a deeper understanding of what it means to be in the minority and provided a window into the challenges that people in other minority groups deal with every day."
Cook said he's been lucky to work for a company that "loves creativity and innovation and knows it can only flourish when you embrace people's differences."
Cook succeeded Apple founder Steve Jobs as CEO of Apple Inc. in 2011.

We plan to launch 2nd Mars Mission in 2018: ISROWe plan to launch 2nd Mars Mission in 2018, says ISRO satellite Centre Director
IANS     Bangalore   Last Updated: October 30, 2014  | 18:18 IST
Photo: Reuters
Riding high on the recent success of its Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM), Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) plans to revisit the planet in 2018, possibly with a lander and rover to conduct more experiments.
"We plan to launch a second mission to Mars in 2018, probably with a lander and rover, to conduct more experiments for which we have to develop new technologies," ISRO satellite centre director S Shiva Kumar told reporters in Bangalore.
The state-run space agency successfully inserted the spacecraft MOM on September 24 in the Martian orbit with five scientific instruments to search for life-sustaining elements on the planet over nine months after it was launched Nov 5, 2013 from its spaceport at Sriharikota in Andhra Pradesh and about 90 km northeast of Chennai.
"We will be able to take the Mars-2 mission after launching the second mission to the moon (Chandrayaan-2) in 2016 with our own lander and rover, which will help us develop a separate lander and rover for the red planet," Kumar said, ahead of a three-day 'Engineers Conclave-2014' by the space agency with the Indian National Academy of Engineering in Bangalore.
As missions to Mars can be launched only at an interval of two years, the space agency is looking for a slot in 2018 and by which it hopes to have a heavy rocket fully operational to carry a lander and rover with scientific experiments as additional payloads.
"We hope to have fully operational heavy rockets over the next two-three years for carrying communication satellites weighting two-three tonnes into the geo-stationary orbits around the earth," Kumar said.
The space agency has developed the geo-synchronous satellite launch vehicle (GSLV-Mark I-III) with indigenous cryogenic engine to launch heavier satellites weighing more than two tonnes and three tonnes into the geo-orbit at 36,000 km above Earth.
"GSLV-Mark I-III will be used for Chandrayaan-2, which will have heavier payload than its predecessor (Chandrayaan-1) and later for Mars-2 mission, as both will have a lander and rover in addition to scientific experiments," he said.
On January 5, ISRO launched a GSLV rocket with an indigenous cryogenic engine from the spaceport and placed a communication satellite (Gsat-14) in the geo-stationary orbit.
Chandrayaan-1 was launched on October 22, 2008, using a polar satellite launch vehicle (PSLV-C11), a four-stage rocket.
The 475 kg Mars Orbiter was also launched onboard a polar rocket.
The GSLV-Mark III's maiden launch is likely to be in December.

Bigg Boss 8: Battle for captaincyCelebrity
Sushant Divgikar bows out of Bigg Boss Season 8
Seven weeks inside the Bigg Boss house is no easy feat! And after spending as much time in the Bigg Boss house, it is now Sushant Divgikar’s turn to return to the outside world as he finds himself eliminated from the show.
Undoubtedly one of the most loved contestants in the Bigg Boss house, Sushant was among those few contestants who got along with everyone. Be it the now infamous P3G group or Diandra and Karishma’s ... more 
Undoubtedly one of the most loved contestants in the Bigg Boss house, Sushant was among those few contestants who got along with everyone. Be it the now infamous P3G group or Diandra and Karishma’s gang, Sushant was friendly with them all. less 
1 / 30

Rivals Gear up for Next Round of Tenn. Whiskey WarThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

PM Update: Will the weather hold for Halloween Cold weekend coming.By Dan Stillman October 30 Follow @stillmand
If you liked the weather today you’ll probably like tomorrow, too. The bulk of Halloween Friday is largely a repeat of today’s highs in the upper 50s to low 60s, with maybe a bit more in the way of clouds. How about the all-important trick-or-treat forecast? The details are now coming into closer view…
Through Tonight: Partly cloudy skies prevail through the evening and overnight. Evening readings fall into the upper 40s to near 50, while overnight lows dip down to the upper 30s to mid-40s.
Tomorrow (Halloween): Friday starts partly sunny as temperatures warm again toward afternoon highs in the upper 50s to near 60, with light winds from the east-northeast. Clouds should increase during the afternoon, and as we head toward evening we’ll need to watch some showers out west toward the mountains. As of now it looks like we stay mostly dry through evening, maybe just a sprinkle or two, with a better chance (30-40%) of showers overnight.
See David Streit’s forecast through the weekend . And if you haven’t already, join us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter . For related traffic news, check out Dr. Gridlock.
Cold weekend: Don’t say we didn’t warn ya. In case you haven’t heard, this weekend is going to be a cold and windy one across the D.C. area. Highs won’t get much past 50 (if they even get there), and the wind will make it feel closer to 40 most of the day on both Saturday and Sunday. Below represents (approximately) the forecast highs for Saturday afternoon.
Forecast temperatures for Saturday afternoon from the high-resolution NAM model (WeatherBell)
Dan Stillman is a meteorologist and editor for the Capital Weather Gang. He earned an M.S. in Meteorology from Texas A&M University, and a B.S. in Atmospheric, Oceanic and Space Sciences from the University of Michigan.

US shakes off torpor with 3.5% growthUS shakes off torpor with 3.5% growth
Robin Harding in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7bcb1f46-6030-11e4-98e6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Cnooc in joint bid for Arctic oilCnooc teams up with Icelandic group in its play for Arctic oil
By Richard Milne, Nordic Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7cd80ca8-d0fa-11e2-a3ea-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Good news with bad and ugly for BarclaysBarclays has some good news amid the bad and ugly
Martin Arnold
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8c558fd8-605b-11e4-833b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Samsung refocuses as handset profits diveSamsung to shift focus as handset profit collapses
Simon Mundy in Seoul
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/39300b3e-5fe9-11e4-8c27-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Naver misses forecasts despite Line growthNaver misses expectations despite Line growth
By Song Jung-a in Seoul 
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8e9e868e-5fe6-11e4-8c27-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

It could be as good as it gets© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b8f3b2f6-604a-11e4-88d1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BSE Sensex hits new record-high  NSE Nifty above 8200 for first timeE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Future Fifty start-ups enjoy bumper year© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6493b4ee-5f65-11e4-a882-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Market will make more new high going aheadexpiry
("We have had very good volumes…)
In a chat with ET Now, Manish Hathiramani, Deen of Dayal Investment, shares his outlook for the markets . Excerpts:
ET Now: The wider market also went into a frenzy in the last hour of trade . No one really expected that kind of expiry for the October series. What does the chart tell you?
Manish Hathiramani: I am of the opinion that we are again in a fresh high, and we are definitely heading to steeper highs. We have had very good volumes and technically the structure seems fantastic.
We crossed 8180, which was the previous high. Now we are headed towards 8400 on the Nifty. But because it is not going to be a clean and smooth ride, I would expect the next resistance to be coming at around 8225.
ET Now: On the charts, what is it that you would recommend for tomorrow?
Manish Hathiramani: I would be recommending a buy call on Yes Bank, for a target of 680, at a stop loss of 645. Also, a buy on ACC for a target of 1570, stop loss of 1440.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Half-year loss balloons six-fold to almost $...Share More
READ MORE ON » Sony
The firm said its net loss came in at 109.1 billion yen, way up from a loss of 16.5 billion yen in the same period last year.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
TOKYO: Sony said Thursday its net loss for the April-September period ballooned to nearly $1.0 billion, as the embattled electronics firm continues to struggle in the cutthroat smartphone business.
The firm said its net loss came in at 109.1 billion yen, way up from a 16.5 billion yen shortfall in the same period last year.
Sony's operating loss of 15.8 billion yen reversed a profit of 49.4 billion last year, although sales ticked up 6.5 per cent to 3.71 trillion yen, it said.
The announcement came after Sony in September downgraded its annual earnings outlook, revealing that it would lose a whopping 230 billion yen in the year to March, more than four times its earlier forecast.
The company also said it would cut the smartphone unit's global staff by 15 per cent - about 1,000 jobs - and not pay dividends for the first time since its shares started trading in Tokyo in 1958.
The smartphone business, Sony said, has been hit by weaker-than-expected results in emerging markets, as it battles global rivals including Samsung and Apple.
On the eve of the latest financial results announcement, Sony said it would replace the head of the smartphone operations Kunimasa Suzuki with Hiroki Totoki, a Sony finance and planning executive.
By contrast, domestic rival Sharp said on Friday that it saw a small profit in the first half of its fiscal year and forecast it will stay in the black for the next six months as it tries to overcome years of record losses.
The company reported a net profit of 4.7 billion yen ($43 million) for April-September, thanks largely to a one-time gain.
But Sharp -- a key Apple supplier and leader in screens for smartphones and tablets -- admitted its sales slipped 1.1 per cent to 1.32 trillion yen, while operating profit was down 13.6 per cent from a year ago.
The latest net profit figure was largely due to a one-time gain rather than a significant uptick in the firm's business, Sharp said.
But "we also pursued management improvement on a company-wide basis, including an inventory optimisation, radical cuts in total costs and structural reform in Europe", it said in a statement.
Sharp added that it was still on track to book a 30 billion yen net profit for the full year to March.
Panasonic also reports it financial results Friday. The trio have ushered in huge restructuring plans in recent years to climb out of the red after the sector was battered by fierce competition from lower-cost rivals and losses in the television business caused by falling prices and a shrinking domestic market.
A sharp drop in the yen since late 2012 has offered a lifeline by inflating the value of profits repatriated from overseas while the firms slim down their vast operations.
But analysts have warned that the impact of the weak yen is fading, and the industry giants had more work to do on reinventing themselves.
READ MORE ON » Sony

Sensex @ 30 000 in 60 days Yes  say experts | Top 20 stock betsYou are here: Home > Collections
Sensex ends day at record high, seen on track to hit 30,000 in 60 days
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 31, 2014, 03.40PM IST
(Analysts at top brokerage…)
NEW DELHI: Both S&P BSE Sensex and Nifty made fresh highs today, surging nearly 2 per cent each in trade on Friday. The 30-share index ended the day at 27,865.83, up 519.50 points, or 1.90 per cent. The Nifty shut shop at 8322.20, up 153 points, or 1.87 per cent.
The Sensex hit its fresh lifetime high of 27,894.32 in intraday trade, while the 50-share Nifty index rose over 150 points to make its all-time high of 8,330.75.
Strong macro environment, reform push by the new government and falling inflation have already boosted the Sensex by over 30 per cent so far in the year 2014. But analysts at Dalal Street see further upside in the index up to the levels of 30,000 by the December-end and over 35,000 in the next one year.
Analysts at top brokerage firms firmly believe that we are in a bull market and equities will remain the best asset class in the next couple of years, provided global markets remain stable.
The markets have been on an upward trajectory since the last few days on the back of renewed vigor shown by the government to initiate reforms, apart from lower crude prices, lower inflation, supportive global cues and decent earnings, say experts.
Vikas Khemani of Edelweiss Financial Services believes that from the medium to long-term perspective, India remains one of the best markets to be in and equity remains one of the best asset classes to be invested into.
Expectations are running high given the fact that macros have stabalised and growth has bottomed out. And with the rate cycle set to reverse and more reforms gets implemented, the Indian markets may well be on top of the list of FIIs despite global concerns.
Though the quantitative easing ended on Wednesday, but the Federal Reserve is keeping the 'considerable period of time' stance for raising interest rates until it sees more improvement in the economy, which cheered the markets.
"Taking cues from the same, the BSE Sensex and the Nifty hit fresh highs and we are expecting further upside from the current levels as this move of the Fed has surely boosted the confidence of retail as well as global investors," said Vivek Gupta,CMT - Director Research, CapitalVia Global Research Limited.
"As the Nifty is further looking bullish on charts and fundamentals also seem to be supportive, slight correction might be on the way. But the overall upswing is likely to occur till Nov expiry. Our targets for the Nifty till December are 8400 & 8700 and for the Sensex, 30000 can be the golden figure," he added.
The slowdown in growth rates has dampened the sentiment quite a bit not just for Indian markets, but across the globe. But one thing which experts feel very firmly is the fact that India happens to be in a sweet spot and the whole India story remains intact.
India has managed to hold onto its macro factors compared with the rest of the emerging market economies and that will aide capital flow. They have also managed to push through key economic reforms.
 
After the recent diesel price deregulation, the government on Wednesday eased overseas investment rules in construction to attract money into the funds-starved sector and serve its twin objectives of faster job creation and housing for all.
"Economic indicators such as inflation, factory output, crude oil and other commodity prices are reflecting favorable numbers, which would further keep the market at comfortable levels in the coming month," said Tushar Pendharkar, Equity Strategist, Right Horizons.
Most analysts see the index hitting the levels above 30000-35000 in the next one year, which gives an upside of 10-28 per cent from the current levels. However, it will not be easy for the Indian markets to maintain the momentum considering the fact that the US might just increase rates amid global economic slowdown.
"India would be very unlikely impacted by the Fed decision in the near term. However, I believe that the Indian economy would be inversely proportional to domestic inflation and international crude oil prices, but in both the cases the trend is under control and outlook looks positive for the economy," adds Pendharkar.
But brokers are hopeful for a smart rally on the bourses. According to a survey conducted by ET, the Sensex is on track to hit levels above 30000-35000 by next Diwali or by the end of next one year, while the 50-share Nifty index could record levels of 8500 in the next 12 months.
According to an ET Now survey of 15 brokerage firms, 80 per cent of the respondents surveyed see the Nifty index trading above 8500 levels by next Diwali, while 13 per cent see the index hovering in the range of 8000-8500. Only 7 per cent of the respondents see the index moving in the range of 7500-8000.
According to the survey, 33 per cent of respondents are of the view that the Sensex could see the levels above 35000 by next Diwali, while 50 per cent see the index trading in the range of 30000-35000. Only 17 per cent of the respondents see the index hovering in the range of 26000-30000.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Australia set to pay polluters to cut emissionsAustralia set to pay polluters to cut emissions
PTI
Tweet
Sydney, Oct 31:  
Australia is set to approve measures giving polluters financial incentives to reduce emissions blamed for climate change, in a move critics described as ineffective environmental policy.
The so-called “direct action” plan, which will see the Government pay companies to increase energy efficiency, passed through the upper house Senate early today following a marathon debate.
The Bill is expected to be approved next month by the lower House of Representatives where the conservative government of Prime Minister Tony Abbott has a majority.
It comes after Abbott axed a tax on greenhouse gas emissions introduced by the previous Labor administration, fulfilling a central pledge from last year’s elections.
“We have delivered on our promise to implement an emissions reduction fund to ensure that there is real and practical action to achieve our emissions goals and targets without a carbon tax,” Environment Minister Greg Hunt told reporters.
China and the United States are the biggest greenhouse gas polluters, according to a report by international scientists issued last month, but Australia’s output is considered high per capita.
USD 2.25 billion Emissions Reduction Fund is part of the government’s plan to meet its emissions reduction target of five per cent below 2000 levels by 2020.
Under the plan, competitive auctions will be held, with the government entering into contracts to buy emissions reductions from successful bidders at the lowest cost, Hunt said.
He added that the emissions reductions would be “real and significant” as payments would only be made when the pollution cuts occur.
But the Labor opposition leader Bill Shorten criticised the scheme, describing it as “paying big polluters to keep polluting, which is terrible policy".
“In terms of ‘Direct Action’, Labor just doesn’t believe it is the right way to go. We believe in trusting the marketplace to set the price signal,” Shorten said today.
The policy has also been slammed by the Greens party, with leader Christine Milne saying there was “no modelling or any evidence to suggest it will do anything at all to reduce pollution“.
The plan passed with the backing of the Palmer United Party. As part of the government’s deal with mining magnate Clive Palmer’s party, Hunt agreed to keep the Climate Change Authority and set up a three-stage, 18-month inquiry into an emissions trading scheme.
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

2G case: Court issues notices to accused on CBIs pleaSpiceJet barred from advance bookings beyond one month
A file photo of former telecom minister A. Raja. Photo: AFP
New Delhi: A Delhi court on Wednesday issued notices to 17 accused facing trial in the 2G spectrum allocation case for their reply on a Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) plea seeking summoning of additional prosecution witnesses, including Enforcement Directorate (ED) deputy director Rajeshwar Singh , in the matter.
Special CBI Judge O.P. Saini , who had reserved the order on Wednesday on CBI’s plea, sought response of the 17 accused, including former telecom minister A. Raja and Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam MP Kanimozhi , on 23 September after the agency placed some new facts before the court.
The court said it would hear the submissions of the accused before deciding on CBI’s plea.
CBI had moved the application seeking the court’s permission to summon some prosecution witnesses and to place additional documents on record saying they were necessary to arrive at the truth.
Besides Rajeshwar Singh, CBI has sought permission to call ED’s assistant director Satyendra Singh, under secretary of ministry of information and broadcasting Navil Kapur and bank official D. Mani.
Apart from these four persons, the agency has sought to recall general manager (finance) of Kalaignar TV (P) Ltd G. Rajendran, who had earlier deposed as a witness in the case, for further examination.
In its plea, CBI has said these persons were required to be examined as witnesses as some new facts have emerged in the investigation conducted by the ED which has recently filed a separate charge sheet against 19 accused in a 2G scam related money laundering case.
The court has closed the defence evidence in the case and fixed the matter for 10 November for hearing final arguments.
Besides Raja and Kanimozhi, 12 individuals and three companies are facing trial in the case.

Raja  Kanimozhi  seven others get bail in 2G bribery caseHome »   Politics
Raja, Kanimozhi, seven others get bail in 2G bribery case
Special CBI court grants bail to the nine on a personal bond of Rs5 lakh each and a surety of the same amount
Latest News
11:35 AM IST
SpiceJet barred from advance bookings beyond one month
The special court designated for trying 2G cases also granted bail to DMK chief M. Karunanidhi’s wife Dayalu Ammal. Photo: Mint
New Delhi: A Delhi special court on Wednesday granted bail to former telecom minister A. Raja and Kanimozhi , both leaders of the Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (DMK) party, and seven others in the alleged bribery case related to 2G radio spectrum allocations.
Special CBI (Central Bureau of Investigation) judge O.P. Saini granted bail to the nine on a personal bond of Rs5 lakh each and a surety of the same amount.
The Enforcement Directorate (ED) had charged them under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act in relation to a transaction of Rs200 crore with Kalaignar TV, which it said was bribe for the grant of telecom permits to DB Group companies. Kalaignar TV is run by the DMK.
The special court designated for trying 2G cases also granted bail to DMK chief M. Karunanidhi ’s wife Dayalu Ammal earlier in the day. Kanimozhi is Karunanidhi’s daughter.
The ED had filed 19 chargesheets, against 10 people and nine firms. Aside from Raja and Kanimozhi, ED had named Swan Telecom promoters Shahid Usman Balwa and Vinod Goenka ; directors of Kusegaon Fruits and Vegetables Pvt. Ltd Asif Balwa and Rajiv Agarwal ; Kalaignar TV managing director Sharad Kumar ; Bollywood film producer Karim Morani ; Ammal and P. Amirtham as accused in the case. All 10 were granted bail on Wednesday.
PTI contributed to this story.

2G: A Raja  Kanimozhi  Dayalu Ammal & others put on trial in money laundering case2G PMLA case
(As soon as the court pronounced…)
NEW DELHI: Former Telecom Minister A Raja , MP Kanimozhi, DMK supremo M Karunanidhi's wife Dayalu Ammal and 16 others were today put on trial in a 2G scam related case by a special court which observed that charges of money laundering are prima facie made out against all of them.
Special CBI Judge O P Saini framed charges under section 120B (criminal conspiracy) of the IPC and under the provision of the Money Laundering Act against 19 accused, including 10 individuals and nine companies, who were charge sheeted by the Enforcement Directorate (ED) in connection with the case.
"All charges are prima facie made out against each accused for laundering of money of Rs 200 crore from DB Group company to Kalaignar TV Pvt Ltd ," the judge said.
As soon as the court pronounced its order, the judge asked all the accused that whether they were pleading guilty to the offence or were claiming trial.
To this, all the accused said that they claim trial for the charges framed against them.
ED, in its charge sheet, had alleged that the accused were involved in the Rs 200-crore money transaction which was not "bonafide" and "genuine" and it was a "bribe for grant of telecom licences to DB Group companies" by Raja.
The agency had claimed that the series of transactions relating to transfer of Rs 200 crore from DB group company to DMK-run Kalaignar TV through Kusegaon Fruits and Vegetables Pvt Ltd and Cineyug Films Pvt Ltd were not "genuine business transaction".
Besides Raja, Kanimozhi and Dayalu Ammal, the other accused in the case are Shahid Usman Balwa, Vinod Goenka, Directors of Kusegaon Fruits and Vegetables Pvt Ltd Asif Balwa and Rajiv Agarwal, Sharad Kumar, Bollywood producer Karim Morani and P Amirtham.
Countering the allegations, Raja and Kanimozhi had argued that documents filed along with the ED's complaint nowhere show that they were connected with Rs 200-crore transaction from DB group to Kalaignar TV.
Similarly, other co-accused, including Swan Telecom Pvt Ltd promoters Shahid Usman Balwa and Vinod Goenka, had argued that there were no evidence to connect them with the alleged crime and its proceeds.
According to ED, Kanimozhi and co-accused Sharad Kumar, MD of Kalaignar TV, were having 20 per cent stake each in the TV channel while Dayalu Ammal was holding the rest 60 per cent stake. All the individual accused in the case are presently out on bail.
In its charge sheet, ED had claimed that its probe into the case emanates from the 2G spectrum allocation scam and the accused had allegedly conspired and committed offences under provisions of the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA).
ED has also named Swan Telecom Pvt Ltd, Kusegaon Realty Pvt Ltd (formerly known as Kusegaon Fruits and Vegetables Pvt Ltd), Cineyug Media and Entertainment Pvt Ltd (formerly known as Cineyug Films Pvt Ltd), Kalaignar TV Pvt Ltd, Dynamix Realty, Eversmile Construction Company Pvt Ltd, Conwood Constructions and Developers (P) Ltd, DB Realty Ltd and Nihar Constructions Pvt Ltd as accused in the case.
ED had alleged that its investigation has revealed that Rs 200 crore was paid to Kalaignar TV by Shahid Usman Balwa and Vinod Goenka through Kusegaon Fruits and Vegetables Pvt Ltd and Cineyug Films Pvt Ltd in the "garb of legitimate financial transactions i.e. as loan/share application money".
The charge sheet claimed that Rs 200 crore, which was paid in return for illegal favours given to Swan Telecom for grant of UAS licence, was repaid with additional money to show that it was a legal transaction.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Lava launches Iris Fuel 50 smartphone at Rs ...Lava launches Iris Fuel 50 smartphone at Rs 7799
By ET Bureau | 31 Oct, 2014, 12.55PM IST
The device comes with 8GB internal memory which is expandable up to 32 GB. It is a dual-SIM phone that supports 3G in one of the SIM slots.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Homebred mobile maker Lava on Friday launched the Iris Fuel 50 smartphone under its new Fuel series, piced at Rs 7,799.
With the launch of Iris Fuel 50, Lava aims to solve the problem of frequent charging for heavy smartphone users. The Fuel series smartphones are designed to last for long working hours without the need of frequent charging, the company said in a statement.
The Iris Fuel 50 comes equipped with a 3000 mAh battery that gives 17 hours of 2G and 13 hours of 3G talk time.
"As smartphones are increasingly becoming a very integral part of our daily lives and drive a lot of tasks for us, we need devices that are able to support heavy usage without having the need to carry power banks for frequent charging," Hari Om Rai, chairman and managing director, LAVA International, said in the statement.
Besides battery, this phone is equipped with a variety of gesture-driven features that makes it user friendly.
On the hardware side, Iris Fuel 50 features 5 inch FWVGA IPS display with scratch resistant Asahi Dragon-trail glass protection, and has 1.3 GHz Quad core processor and 1GB RAM.
The device comes with 8GB internal memory which is expandable up to 32 GB. It is a dual-SIM phone that supports 3G in one of the SIM slots.
The phone has 8MP AF primary rear camera with BSI-II sensor and 2MP front facing. The smartphone runs on the latest Android KitKat 4.4 and is Firmware Over-the-Air (FOTA) upgradable.
The Iris Fuel 50 will be available in black color in retail outlets across India.
Lava said it will soon come up with more products at different price points in this series.

Former Union Carbide CEO Warren Anderson deadFormer Union Carbide CEO Warren Anderson, wanted in Bhopal gas tragedy, dies at 92
PTI Oct 31, 2014, 01.19PM IST
Tags:
Union Carbide
(His death revived memories…)
NEW YORK: Former Union Carbide chief Warren Anderson , wanted in India in connection with the 1984 Bhopal gas tragedy which claimed over 3,000 lives in one of the world's most lethal industrial accidents, has died in the US state of Florida aged 92.
Anderson, a Brooklyn carpenter's son who ascended to the top of the Union Carbide Corporation, died on September 29 at a nursing home in Vero Beach, Florida but his death was not announced by his family and was confirmed from public records, the New York Times reported.
The Indian government made multiple requests to extradite him, and officially labeled him a fugitive. A judge also called him an "absconder".
Anderson reached Bhopal four days after the accident, where he was immediately arrested. But after quickly paying bail, he never returned to face trial.
The Bhopal horror began around midnight on December 2-3, 1984, when a chemical reaction in a plant that made insecticides caused a leak of toxic gases that swept through the surrounding community.
The Madhya Pradesh government confirmed 3,787 deaths as a result. Unofficial estimates said the death toll had exceeded 10,000.
More than a half-million people were injured, with many dying from illnesses including lung cancer, kidney failure and liver disease.
In 1989, Union Carbide paid USD 470 million to the Indian government to settle litigation stemming from the disaster.
"With the support of the United States government, he escaped extradition. And he eluded subpoenas in civil cases by living quietly and migrating between his homes in Vero Beach, Greenwich, Connecticut and Bridgehampton, New York," the Times said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Warren Anderson of Bhopal tragedy infamy diesWarren Anderson of Bhopal gas tragedy infamy passes away
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 31, 2014
First Published: 12:22 IST(31/10/2014) | Last Updated: 13:23 IST(1/11/2014)
Warren M Anderson, who was the chairman of the US-based Union Carbide Corporation when a poisonous gas leak at the company’s plant in Bhopal killed thousands, is dead.
 
He died on September 29 at a nursing home in Vero Beach, Florida, The New York Times reported Friday. He was 92.
 
His death, which was not announced by his family, was confirmed from public records, the report stated.
 
The poisonous gas leak from the Union Carbide plant killed more than 5,000 people on the night of December 2-3, 1984, in the Madhya Pradesh capital. It remains one of the world’s worst industrial accidents.
 
The report said in an interview with The New York Times five months after the tragedy, Anderson spoke of his feelings of loss and helplessness. "You wake up in the morning thinking, can it have occurred?" he said. "And then you know it has and you know it's something you're going to have to struggle with for a long time."
 
The Madhya Pradesh police had Anderson after he arrived in Bhopal four days after the disaster.
 
According to the NYT report, Anderson was highly praised for his courage in going to Bhopal four days after the accident, where he was immediately arrested . But after quickly paying bail, he never returned to face trial.
In August this year, a US court dealt a blow to hopes of gas tragedy victims by ruling that the Union Carbide Corporation (UCC) could not be sued for the ongoing contamination from the chemical plant.
 
Nongovernmental organisation EarthRights International had filed the lawsuit in the Southern District of New York on behalf of residents of Bhopal, saying land and water of the citizens are being contaminated by waste from the plant.
 
EarthRights said as per the court's ruling, Union Carbide could not be sued despite evidence that construction of the plant was managed by an employee of the company.
 
EarthRights expressed confidence that there was enough evidence against Union Carbide that would lead to a reversal of the "erroneous decision on appeal".

Uma Bharati participates in  Run for Unity  in UPUma Bharati participates in  Run for Unity  in UP
Acche Din: Falling diesel  onion prices to cut inflation | Jaitley s road map may help RajanCPI
(There is good news on the…)
PUNE/NEW DELHI: There is good news on the inflation front. Diesel prices are likely to fall 11% in a span of two weeks; onion has dropped to Rs 20 a kg; tomato down to Rs 20 a kg from Rs 60 a few months ago; cooking oil is cheaper, and the outlook for vegetable prices and petroleum products is encouraging.
Trade and industry bodies say food prices are likely to be moderate in the months ahead as vegetable planting has gone up 25%, particularly near big cities, raising hopes that last month's fall in consumer and wholesale inflation would be sustained, although there are worries about the impact of the poor monsoon on prices.
The government has already cut the price of diesel by more than Rs 3 a litre this month, and the fuel is expected to fall another Rs 2.50, bringing it down about 11%. Petrol is already down to a 16-month low as crude prices tumbled from a high of $115 in June to $83 this month before stabilising at $85-$87. This helping tame inflation as well as the subsidy bill and have an overall positive impact on the economy.
"The low fuel inflation will result in Rs 15,000 crore worth of savings on the oil subsidy front compared to the budget estimate. The fiscal deficit target of 4.1% of the GDP which seemed very optimistic during the time of budget looks feasible now", said DK Pant, chief economist, India Ratings. He said government borrowings will be less than budgeted, having an impact on market interest rates, which will spur economic activity in the market.
In September, retail inflation,RBI's key inflation measure, eased to 6.46%, while wholesale inflation dropped to a five-year low of 2.38%, the fourth straight month of moderation led by falling vegetable prices. Vegetable prices are expected to remain low.
"Vegetable production has seen an increase around all metropolitan cities with planting seen an increase of 25%. Next three months prices will be under control," said Shriram Gadhave, president of the Maharashtra based All India Vegetable Growers Association. He said a tomato farmer in Maharashtra was getting less than Rs 5 a kg where-as in retail it was being sold at Rs 40 a kg. "Prices will correct soon," he said. However, some analysts are concerned about impact of this year's weak monsoon.
"As advance estimates have indicated shortfall in kharif harvest, it may affect prices of pulses. So we still need to be cautious on that. Anyway, India does not have enough domestic production, and is import dependent so price sensitivity will be higher", said Aditi Nayar, senior economist, ICRA. She expects average consumer price index (CPI) between 6.5-7% in by January and a little higher by March. She said diesel had a small weightage in CPI but broader impact would be visible with a lag. Fuel and light has a 9.49% weight in the CPI, relatively lower than 15% weight in the wholesale price index.
Food occupies 50% weight in the CPI.Vegetable prices have been falling post Diwali. "In the next three days potato prices will fall by 10-15% as supplies from Punjab begin," said Padam Bhushan, potato trader at Azadpur mandi in New Delhi where it was being sold at Rs 20-25 a kg.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rural progress push: IITs to adopt 10 villag...Development
(The mission is being initiaited…)
NEW DELHI: As part of their efforts towards holistic development of rural India, each IITs will adopt at least 10 villages to identify basic needs and carry out developments through technological interventions.
The mission is being initiaited under the Unnat Bharat Abhiyan programme , with IIT, Delhi, being identified as the nodal agency for coordinating the activities.
"Each of the IITs will take up 10 villages towards this intiative," said IIT, Delhi, Director R K Shevgaonkar.
Early in September, IIT, Delhi, had organised a workshop to prepare a roadmap and an action plan for the programme.
The programme seeks to involve the IITs, the NITs and other leading technical institutions and organisations in villages for holisitic rural development.
IIT Delhi, which will be celebrating its convocation day on November 1, is ranked among the top engineering institutes in the country and in Asia.
The HRD Ministry, in the meanwhile, has set up a committee to develop India-specific ranking system in keeping with the wishes of Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Factors like international faculty and students don't apply for Indian institutes and so there was a need for a country-specific ranking, Shevgaonkar said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Batman v Superman forces Gal Gadot to pass on Ben Hur roleActress Gal Gadot has reportedly passed on the role of female lead in 'Ben Hur' remake due to scheduling conflict.
By: Press Trust of India | Los Angeles | Posted: October 31, 2014 2:25 pm
Actress Gal Gadot has reportedly passed on the role of female lead in ‘Ben Hur’ remake due to scheduling conflict.
Gadot’s shooting schedule for ‘Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice’ forced her abandon the role, which she had been circling to star in for Paramount and MGM, according to the Hollywood Reporter.
Gadot plays Wonder Woman in Zack Snyder’s ‘Batman v Superman’, and is signed on to appear as the DC superhero in a number of Warner Bros’ films, including a solo adventure and a series of Justice League movies.
‘Ben Hur’, a reboot of the 1959 Charlton Heston classic, will have Jack Huston as the Jewish prince who is betrayed by his best friend. Gadot was to play Ben Hur’s love interest, a slave named Esther.

Rajpal Yadav dedicates role in Bhopal: A Prayer for Rain to victimsBy: Press Trust of India | Posted: October 31, 2014 2:16 pm
Actor Rajpal Yadav says his role in the upcoming film ‘Bhopal: A Prayer for Rain’, a drama set amidst the Bhopal gas disaster that occurred in 1984, is a tribute to the victims of the tragedy.
The 43-year-old NSD graduate, mostly known for his comic roles in Bollywood, plays the character of a rickshaw driver around whom the whole story revolves. “This film is my tribute to the victims of Bhopal gas tragedy. I am representing one of them in the film. It’s one of the dreadful tragedies in world history and as severe as Titanic massacre. Revisiting the past with the film was a horrific experience for me,” Rajpal told PTI.
The makers are also planning to hold a special screening of the film in Bhopal on December 3, two days ahead of its
official release in Indian theatres on December 5.
“We are planning to do a premiere in Bhopal on the day the disaster will complete 30 years. We want that everybody should know how the chemical leak in Union Carbide led to the biggest man-made industrial disaster in history that killed over 5000 innocent people,” Rajpal said.
‘Bhopal: A Prayer for Rain’ is directed by London based Indian director Ravi Kumar, who did an extensive research
before helming the project. The film also stars Hollywood actors Martin Sheen, Kal Penn and Mischa Barton besides Indian artistes Tannishtha Chatterjee and Rajpal.
Rajpal said he was not the first choice for the role but when he bagged the offer, it was not a tough job for him. “This film marks my trilogy in showing various facets of common man after ‘Main Madhuri Dixit Banna Chahti Hoon’, ‘Main Meri Patni Aur Woh’. In these three films you will get three different psychology of the common man. ‘Main Madhuri…’ and ‘Main Meri Patni…’ were the films which Ravi watched of mine and finalised me from 12 actors,” he said.
The ‘Bhool Bhulaiyaa’ actor feels lucky that he will be able to break free of his funnyman image in the industry
through this film.
“I feel an actor is an entertainer first then a performer. When somebody offers you a role which you might not have done for a long time then it becomes a challenge for you. I did play a troubled common man during my NSD days but it is the first time that I am dealing with such subject again,” he said.
Rajpal said sharing screen space with Sheen is a learning experience for him. “He (Martin) is a wonderful actor. He is a thorough gentleman continued…

India gets its spook on to celebrate HalloweenStrawberry Smoked Martini - Royal China, Nehru Place
By: Indo-Asian News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 31, 2014 2:09 pm
“Double, double toil and trouble, fire burn and cauldronbubble,” said the three witches in William Shakespeare’s Macbeth. The day of the dead, better known as Halloween, will be celebrated all across the world Friday and Indian restaurants, cafes and nightclubs are in full swing to get their “spook” on.
The concept of Halloween is fast becoming a catchy routine in India. People bring out their scariest costumes and attend parties and get togethers much to the amusement of bystanders, much of whom have a bewildered look on their faces.
Restaurants usually cook up a theme menu where they name their dishes and drinks accordingly, to entice revellers to their joints.
Priyank Sukhija, owner of one of Delhi’s most popular restaurants, Cafe Out of the Box, in Hauz Khas Village has been organising Halloween theme parties since the past four years.
“We usually play around with our interiors, try to make it look spooky. The turnout has always been huge with a mix crowd including expats. This year we are doing four to five signature cocktails including the ‘Dracula’s Blood’, which is a Bloody Mary with a twist,” Sukhija told IANS.
Graveyard Cheese cake – Raasta, Hauz Khas Village
“People usually prefer dressing up as vampires, nurses and witches,” he said.
The other restaurants organising theme parties are Raast, Hauz Khas Village, The Monkey Bar, Vasant Kunj, The Flying Saucer, Nehru Palace, Pluto’s Platinum Lounge, Vasant Kunj, Rodeo, Connaught Place, Zu Tisch, Greater Kailash 1, and Smokey’s, Greater Kailash 2.
Exclusive Halloween dinner buffets are available in 1911 – The Imperial, Janpath, Royal China – Nehru Place and Baywatch, ITC Sheraton, Saket.
Nightclubs like Tease in Vivanta by Taj, Gurgaon are organising a party for the first time offering special deals.
I-Kandy, Gurgaon has DJ Aqeel playing throughout the night. Kitty Su — The Lalit, Barakhamba Road, is celebrating the occasion with a graveyard theme.
Halloween parties are not only limited to Delhi, cities like Mumbai, Pune and Bangalore are also organising events to celebrate the occasion.
“It is an opportunity for people to dress up and enjoy. For them it is just another party,” General Manger and Chef of Stone Water Grill, Pune, Shailendra Kakade told IANS.
Stone Water Grill has been organising this event since 2008.
“People are quite aware of what Halloween actually is. Since the last two years, the crowd has been huge. We usually give away prizes to the couple who are at their spookiest best,” Nischint Pathania, general manager, Skyy Lounge, Ramada Powai, Hotel and Convention Centre, Mumbai, said.
“Bangalore’s cosmopolitan young crowd is adventurous and always looking for something new and different,” Pravesh Pandey, Director (Operations), HIGH Ultra Lounge, Bangalore, said.
According to Pandey, Halloween parties were discouraged by city authorities a few years back, but they are back in trend now.
“With the rising number of expats in Bangalore, international festivities are continued…

EO fails to act against 19 schools that violated UTs land agreementPrint
Written by Ifrah Mufti | Chandigarh | Posted: October 31, 2014 1:35 pm
Over a month ago, the education department had written to the Estate Office to take action against 19 city schools which were found violating UT’s land allotment agreement, however, no action has been taken yet against any of the school.
Though the Deputy Commissioner, Mohammed Shayin, who is also the Estate Officer had said that all those schools will be issued show cause notices for violating the rules of the agreement but the same was never implemented.
Mohammed Shayin said, “We are working on it and thus we need to strengthen ourselves with all required facts before we make a move against any of the school which has failed to fill up the requisite number of EWS seats as per our land allotment agreement.”
Jagjit Sekhon, principal of AKSIPS-41 said, “We had read our school name in the newspaper only, in the list of schools which have been defying the UT’s land allotment scheme but till now, we have not received any show cause notice.”
She added that the school was ready with the reply otherwise. “AKSIPS is a minority institute and it does not come under land allotment agreement thus is not under any compulsion to admit students from EWS category,” she said. On September 20, 2014, the District Education Officer Ram Kumar Sharma had sent a list of those19 schools to the DPI, which had not admitted the requisite number of students to the entry-level class in 2013-14. The same list was then sent to the Estate office by the DPI(s) asking the officer to take the required action.
The 19 schools considered as defaulters by the education department are Vivek High School, Sector 38; DAV Public School, Sector 8; Shishu Niketan Model Senior Secondary School, Sector 32; Bal Niketan Model Senior Secondary School, Sector 37; Stepping Stones School, Sector 38, AKSIPS-41; Shishu Niketan Model School, Sector 43; Banyan Tree School, Sector 48; SD Saini Model School,
Sector 38; Sri Guru Harkrishan Public School, Sector 40; Aanchal International School, Sector 41; AKSIPS-45; Ashiana Public School, Sector 46; Nav Bal Niketan School, Sector 29; Kundan International School, Sector 46, Play Way Model School, Sector 37; Kids-R-Kids, Sector 42; Ankur Public School, PU Campus, Sector 14 and St Kabir Public School, Sector 26.

Centre clears Rs 707 cr for BundelkhandAmong the approved projects, a major emphasis is on land development and water resources with maximum ACA of Rs 453.10 crore.
Lucknow | Posted: October 31, 2014 1:34 pm
In first approval of central funds for Uttar Pradesh, the Narendra Modi government has cleared Rs 707.79 crore for projects under Bundelkhand Package, which was started by the previous UPA government for the region to deal with its  drought situation.
The Centre will provide Additional Central Assistance (ACA) of Rs 657.59 crore under the package while the UP government will provide its share of Rs 36.80 crore.
Following this clearance, an emboldened UP government Wednesday sent another demand for projects worth Rs 1930.38 crore with an ACA of Rs 810.14 crore to the central government.
Among the approved projects, a major emphasis is on land development and water resources with maximum ACA of Rs 453.10 crore.
Installation of solar pumps are also a priority with Rs 40 crore sanctioned by the central government. Another Rs 150.26 crore will be utilised for providing irrigation water in 15 villages of Babina block of Jhansi district.
The central government has approved development of canal system in eight places under the package. The places are Maudha, Lahchura Weir, Barua, Jamini, Saprar Ranipur, Sajnam, Chillimal and Ohan canal system.
Among them, Lahchura Weir canal system will cost Rs 106.72 crore, Jamini canal system is worth Rs 103.28 crore and Maudha dam canal system Rs 94.42 crore.
The central government has also given preference to horticulture projects in the region. A sum of Rs five crore will be spent on development of a local fruit variety, Rs 6.30 crore for establishment of a horticulture estate, Rs 2.45 crore for setting up a nutritional garden and Rs 12.25 crore for development of a vegetable patti.
“The projects were approved during the steering committee meeting held last month. We have been officially communicated and soon funds will also be released. We have submitted projects for nearly Rs 1,930 crore, which are still under evaluation with the central government,” Devesh Chaturvedi, Principal Secretary, Planning Department told The Indian Express.
The Congress-led UPA government in 2009-10 had formed a special package for Bundelkhand region to tackle with the drought situation of the area. The total outlay was initially Rs 7,266 crore comprising Rs 3,506 crore  for UP and Rs 3,760 crore for Madhya Pradesh, to be implemented over a period of three years starting 2009-10. Later, the Bundelkhand Package was given extension till 2017.

Modi mentions Indira Gandhi  says 1984 riots divided countryComments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday invoked Prime Minister Indira Gandhi on her martyrdom day but also raked up the 1984 anti-Sikh riots after her death.
Flagging of the 'Run for Unity' to commemorate Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel's birth anniversary Delhi's Vijay Chowk on Friday, the PM rued, "It was unfortunate that 30 years ago, on the birthday of a man who devoted his life for the unity of the country, a terrible incident happened that gravely injured the nation's unity," referring to the riots.
"Our own people were killed. The incident was not a wound on the throat of any community but a knife, a dagger on India's century-old great social fabric," Modi continued, taking an indirect dig at the Congress.
Neither Modi nor any National Democratic Alliance minister went to Gandhi’s memorial at Shakti Sthal, where many Congress leaders, including party chief Sonia Gandhi and former prime minister Manmohan Singh, paid their respects.
Congress leaders accused Modi of disrespecting the late prime minister . “Disgraceful that Govt is ignoring the martyrdom of our only Prime Minister who was killed in office in the line of duty,” tweeted Shashi Tharoor.
Former UPA minister Anand Sharma said, “She was the leader of this country who was martyred in office. This pitting of leaders against one another is in bad taste.”.
PM Modi flags off the 'Run for Unity' at Rajpath in New Delhi on Friday. (Vipin Kumar/HT Photo)
Earlier, in his speech on Friday, Modi mentioned, "Aaj Shrimati Indira Gandhi ka punya tithi hai (Today, it is Shrimati Indira Gandhi's death anniversary)", even as he devoted the maximum time of his speech to Patel's legacy.
In his welcome speech, urban development minister M Venkaiah Naidu had made it clear the event was "not to undermine any other leader but only to do justice to Sardar Patel". Naidu also mentioned that since childhood he believed that history has done injustice to Sardar Patel.
Showering effusive praise on Patel, Modi said, "Just as Ramakrishna Paramhansa remains incomplete without Swami Vivekananda, Mahatma Gandhi's legacy cannot be fully written without Sardar Patel's contribution."
He mentioned how Patel had organised Mahatma Gandhi's Dandi March in 1930.
PM Modi takes part in the 'Run for Unity' at Rajpath in New Delhi on Friday. (Vipin Kumar/HT Photo)
The PM said Patel tried to unify the country and thwarted the British ploy to divide India into several pieces. "History remembers Chanakya for his efforts towards development of provinces by unifying them, similarly Sardar Patel's aim too was development through unity."
 
"Patel has given us Ek Bharat (united India). It is now our duty to make it Shresth Bharat (Best India)."

Bangalore school rape: Accused teacher a family friend  arrestedComments
Hundreds of parents and activists staged a demonstration on Friday outside a private school in the city where a teacher allegedly raped a six-year-old girl twice this week— the second such incident in Bengaluru in less than 10 days.
Police say the arrested accused, Jayshankar, visited the local police station on Friday for a background check that’s been made mandatory for employees of all schools in the city following a spate of on-campus rapes.
“He did not know that a rape case had been registered against him that morning. He walked straight into our trap,” said a police officer.
The child’s parents took her to a doctor after she complained of pain in her private parts on two consecutive days. Police are also contemplating action against the gynaecologist who confirmed the girl had been raped but did not alert them.
The 35-year-old school’s chairman went into hiding a few hours after the crime was reported on Thursday, while the BJP alleged the ruling Congress was trying to shield the institute management.
Police also said the school had not implemented safety measures prescribed by authorities.
The case emerged about ten days after a nursery student was allegedly sexually assaulted in another city school.
The same day, October 21, charges were framed in the Vibgyor International School incident from July where a six-year-old girl was gang-raped, triggering nationwide outrage.
(With agency inputs)

I am proud to be gay   says Apple s Tim CookApple CEO Tim Cook speaks at the WSJD Live conference in Laguna Beach, California …
By Anya George Tharakan and Edwin Chan
REUTERS - Apple Inc CEO Tim Cook on Thursday became the most prominent American corporate leader to come out as gay, saying he was trading his closely guarded privacy for the chance to help move civil rights forward.
The 53-year-old Alabama native and self-described "son of the South", who has spoken out against discrimination of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) people, declared his sexual orientation in a magazine editorial, confirming a fact widely known in the close-knit Silicon Valley tech community but rarely discussed.
Cook's announcement comes as gay marriage is becoming widespread, but the nation remains divided over gay rights. Same-sex marriage is legal in thirty-two U.S. states and in polls a majority support same-sex marriage, with a clear generational divide between younger Americans who are more likely to support it and older ones who are less likely.
"I'm proud to be gay, and I consider being gay among the greatest gifts God has given me," Cook said in an article he wrote in Bloomberg Businessweek. (http://buswk.co/1DBoBfo)
He invoked civil rights luminaries Robert F. Kennedy and Martin Luther King in his long essay.
"I don’t pretend that writing this puts me in their league. All it does is allow me to look at those pictures and know that I’m doing my part, however small, to help others. We pave the sunlit path toward justice together, brick by brick. This is my brick."
The fact the chief executive of the most valuable U.S. publicly traded company felt he could disclose his sexual preference in such a public way, and with the backing of his company's chairman, shows how times have changed.
Former BP Chief Executive Lord Browne, who kept his sexual orientation secret for decades, was forced to come out after a boyfriend made it public in 2007. He later resigned.
"By deciding to speak publicly about his sexuality, Tim Cook has become a role model, and will speed up changes in the corporate world," Browne said in an email to Reuters on Thursday.
Cook, who cuts an easy-going figure at Apple's product launches, is an intensely private person. On Thursday, he wrote that it was this desire to keep his personal life private that had held him back until now.
"If hearing that the CEO of Apple is gay can help someone struggling to come to terms with who he or she is, or bring comfort to anyone who feels alone, or inspire people to insist on their equality, then it’s worth the trade-off with my own privacy," he wrote.
Even in the United States, it's a tough decision for a public figure to be open about being gay, civil rights advocates say. More than half of LGBT workers in the country are not open about their orientation, according to the Human Rights Campaign.
While never commenting on his sexual orientation, Cook has frequently spoken out against discrimination of the LGBT community, most recently when he journeyed back to his home state, which bans gay marriage, where he was inducted into the Alabama Academy of Honor.
At an award ceremony, Cook criticized his state's lack of progress on rights for gay people, as well as minorities. Local news reports of his comments drew hundreds of negative comments, many saying Cook had betrayed his roots.
"What a slap in the face to the Alabama Academy of Honor by such an ungracious recipient," GE123 wrote in comments to a website report by the Alabama Media Group. "Common decency should have prevailed, but instead he uses this occasion to denigrate Alabamians and further an immoral agenda."
EFFECT ON BUSINESS
It remains to be seen whether Cook's disclosure will affect the company's business in conservative markets such as Russia, Iran and parts of Africa. Apple now gets more than half of its revenue from abroad, with China its second largest market.
"As the first CEO of a Fortune 500 company to reveal he is gay, Tim helps make the business world a bit less homophobic," Marianne Duddy-Burke, executive director of gay rights organization DignityUSA told Reuters in an email.
"I'm sure this will make it easier for some others in similar positions to consider coming out."
People on Twitter and Silicon Valley luminaries alike extended their support. Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg called Cook "a courageous leader".
Others were more circumspect. Jonathan Lovitz, a spokesman for StartOut, an advocacy group for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender entrepreneurs, told Reuters that several prominent gay and lesbian technology professionals had reached out to him, asking how to react. His advice: celebrate, then get back to work.
Cook is at least the third CEO of a publicly listed U.S. company to announce he is gay, following C1 Financial Inc's Trevor Burgess and IGI Laboratories Inc's Jason Grenfell-Gardner. (http://nyti.ms/1pxEhZn)
Apple Chairman Art Levinson said Cook's announcement was "courageous."
"On behalf of the board and our entire company, we are incredibly proud to have Tim leading Apple."
(Additional reporting by Sarah Young in London, Sarah McBride and Christina Farr in San Francisco, Jeffrey Dastin in New York; writing by Edwin Chan,; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila, Ted Kerr and Peter Henderson)
More on Tech Trends

Competition commission okays Adani-Lanco power plant dealCompetition commission okays Adani-Lanco power plant deal
Procter & Gamble Q1 profit rises 12.24% at Rs 61.5 croreProcter & Gamble Q1 profit rises 12.24% at Rs 61.5 crore
Emami stock up 2% on Q2 resultsEmami stock up 2% on Q2 results
BEML to hold board meetingBEML to hold board meeting
Australia lifts Fiji sanctions as foreign minister visitsAustralia lifts Fiji sanctions as foreign minister visits
Every Ministry / Department to Effect A Mandatory 10% Cut in Non-Plan ExpenditureEvery Ministry / Department to Effect A Mandatory 10% Cut in Non-Plan Expenditure
IT stocks can return 15-20%  says expertIT stocks can return 15-20%  says expert
New mkt highs suggest QE fears have been buried. Will India see a rerating nowNew Member
1 Followers
The idea of being Money pumped into markets by Fiis &,Dii making an negative in sense with following requisites :  pull- out of funds by Fii will make markets weak because they have come in only to make profits with Devaluated currency of India with conversion multiplier  effects & not to develop India.. An in sense of Great Economic Collusion is set to happen soon before Nov . stay cautioned . it is the point of profit- booking not an point of Investment..
4.38 PM Oct 31st

Sir nifty is not showing any signs of fatigue. should i carry position...New Member
2 Followers
Reposted about 16 days 1 hr 56 min 27 sec ago by bloomberg12 and 3 others
Sir Nifty is not showing any signs of fatigue. Should I carry position for monday?
2.31 PM Oct 31st

27.58% shares are pledged from skm family holding. but if you consider...Gold Member
17 Followers
Pledged shares have come down from 95% in September-2012 to 27.58% today. Promoters lost over 27 lac shares between 2010 & 2012 due to institutional sale triggered by falling share prices in 2012. They have taken lot of pain to re-structure debt & business processes to come out of debt trap.
I trust a guy, who has fallen and stood up again as he has learnt what it takes to stand-up back on your feet more than a guy, who has never fallen in his life.
I don`t see SKM guys making any wrong move to get into problem in foreseeable future. As for other uncontrollable factors & Market dynamics, that`s something every business has to face. That`s the fun of doing business....

Somebody marked my buy call offensive here  what can be so offensive a...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

In next 2 quarters we can see this stock at 200....buy as much as u ca...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Recent policy changes could accelerate growth: Moody sIndia's recent policy changes could accelerate growth: Moody's
K R Srivats
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 31:  
India’s recent economic, financial and fiscal measures will — if successfully implemented — sustain higher economic growth, Moody’s Investors Service said.
This could also address some of the constraints on India’s sovereign credit profile, the global rating agency said in a report titled ‘India: Recent Policy changes to support Growth Acceleration'.
The report analyses the potential impact of labour and investment policies that comprise the ‘Make in India’ campaign, financial inclusion measures, infrastructure development initiatives, clarity around inflation targets, as well as banking and energy sector reforms. Moody’s points out these measures are incremental rather than radical. However, it expects these incremental reforms to raise productivity, savings and investment growth. I
In addition, if policies lower fiscal deficits, stabilise inflation and strengthen banking sector, they will mitigate the macro-economic and financial risks to growth that have been evident in the last three years.
Sustain growth rates
Higher investment and lower macro-economic imbalances could sustain growth rates of 7.5 per cent over the next 5-10 years. Such a result would be significantly higher than the 5-6 per cent growth Moody’s expects for India in 2015.
Since India’s sovereign rating already incorporates Moody’s assessment that its growth potential is high, such higher growth rates would be of limited (though positive) significance for India’s sovereign credit profile.
Still, the effective implementation of all the above policies could have further positive sovereign credit implications.
This will be the case if they demonstrate rising international strength or lower vulnerability to event risk.
Moody’s said it would revisit its assessment of India's institutional strength if inflation metrics, investment climate, policy predictability and transparency were to show sustained improvement.
Stronger fiscal, balance of payments and banking sector metrics would lower the country's vulnerability to event risk, the global rating agency has said.
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

Sensex spurts 369 points to 27 715 on heavy capital inflowsSensex zooms 519 points to new record-high of 27,866; Nifty jumps 153 points
Our Bureau/Agencies
Continued buying by foreign funds as well as retail investors, triggered by a series of economic reforms undertaken by the Narendra Modi-led government and strong earnings by blue-chip companies, lifted the key indices to new highs.
Economic reforms, healthy corporate earnings drive the market rally
Mumbai, Oct 31:  
The Sensex and the Nifty touched new record-highs of 27,865.83 and 8,322.20, respectively on sustained fund inflows, driven by a slew of economic reforms announced by the government amid optimism over strong corporate earnings.
The 30-share BSE index Sensex soared 519.50 points or 1.9 per cent at 27,865.83 and the 50-share NSE index Nifty jumped 153 points or 1.87 per cent at 8,322.20.
Brokers said continued buying by foreign funds as well as retail investors, triggered by a series of economic reforms undertaken by the Narendra Modi-led government and strong earnings by blue-chip companies, drove the market rally.
Barring consumer durables, all other BSE sectoral indices ended significantly in the green. Among them, capital goods index gained the most by 2.66 per cent, followed by India infrastructure index 2.38 per cent, oil & gas 2.19 per cent and PSU 2.08 per cent. Only consumer durables index was down 3.18 per cent.
GAIL, Tata Power, HDFC, L&T and Tata Steel were the top five gainers among 30-share Sensex constituents, while Bharti Airtel was the only loser.
Global market
World shares jumped and the yen fell to a seven-year low against the dollar on Friday as the Bank of Japan surprised financial markets by significantly expanding its massive stimulus programme.
In a rare split decision, the BoJ’s board voted 5-4 to accelerate the purchases of Japanese government bonds so that its holdings increase at an annual pace of ¥80 trillion ($725 billion), up by ¥30 trillion.
The central bank also said that it would triple its purchase of exchange-traded funds and real-estate investment trusts (REITs), while sources said the government’s huge pension fund would more than double its holdings of domestic stocks.
For investors, the timing of the moves sent a strong signal, coming right as six years of aggressive US stimulus come to an end and just before the euro zone inflation data that is likely to keep the pressure on the European Central Bank to further ease its policy.
Tokyo’s Nikkei share index jumped almost 5 per cent in its biggest rise since June last year following the BoJ’s move, which it said was a pre-emptive strike at “a critical moment in the effort to break free from the deflationary mindset’’ in Japan.
European stocks opened up 1 per cent and US futures prices pointed to similar gains when trading resumes in New York. Stocks were lifted on Thursday by strong third quarter US GDP data and another round of upbeat earnings.
At 0900 GMT, the FTSEurofirst 300 index of top European shares was up 1.3 per cent at 1,344.18 points, extending a sharp two-week rally, while southern European government bonds also made ground.
Euro zone flash inflation data due at 1000 GMT will provide the next indicator of whether the ECB might feel compelled to step up its support for the bloc's beleaguered economy.
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

Enough! Mexico Is Ready to Explodereddit
MEXICO CITY -- Mexico has been profoundly shaken by atrocities and high-level corruption in Guerrero. The earthquake's epicenter is Iguala, the state's third largest city.
Fifty thousand marchers thronged Mexico City's main avenues last Wednesday, and  demonstrations took place all over the country. More than 80 delegates to the Inter-University Assembly have called for a nationwide halt to all educational activities on Nov. 5, and are asking other social groups to join them. Protesters set fire to state headquarters in Chilpancingo, Guerrero's capital, and are sacking supermarkets and shopping centers.
Here are the events that sparked the earthquake:
On Sept. 26, María de los Ángeles Pineda Villa, wife of Iguala's Mayor José Luis Abarca, of the left-leaning Party of the Democratic Revolution, was in the main square giving a speech about her accomplishments as head of the municipal social services agency, and it was rumored that she would announce her candidacy to succeed her husband as mayor in next June's election, since she is also a state PRD official.
Just as she was beginning, two busloads of students from the notoriously radical rural teachers' college in nearby Ayotzinapa, who had come to town to raise money to supplement their meager 50 peso daily allowance, headed for Iguala's central square. According to the Federal Attorney General's Office, the mayor ordered the local police chief to stop them. After a minor clash with police the students "borrowed" three buses from the local bus station to return to Ayotzinapa and later travel to this year's march in Mexico City commemorating the October 2, 1968 massacre in Tlatelolco , and were driving out of town when they were sprayed with machine gun fire by police and gunmen from the Guerrero Unidos (United Warriors) cartel.
Three students died , as well as a soccer player in a bus bringing a third division team to town that was also fired on, a taxi driver and his female passenger. One student who panicked and ran off when his classmates were rounded up by police and gang members was later found dead, his eyes gouged out and face flensed with a box cutter, in an act of gratuitous violence. Forty-three students were bundled into police cars and have disappeared.
Pineda's family had been working with the Beltrán Leyva, Sinaloa and Guerreros Unidos cartels for years, two of her brothers were gunned down in gang violence, another served time in jail, and a recently captured leader of Guerreros Unidos identified her as "the key operator" of criminal activity in and around Iguala. The Abarcas have not been seen since the mayor hastily requested a leave of absence, and perhaps they are already in one of the burial pits.
Official statements that the 38 bodies found so far in 10 makeshift mass graves are not the students have exacerbated rather than calmed public anger, as now the other question is, who are these trussed up, tortured, headless or charred corpses? Will there be an investigation to find the perpetrators? Or will time be allowed to pass until public indignation subsides, and these cases will join the roughly 98 percent of unsolved homicides in the country that have been swept under a rug as high as the Pico de Orizaba, Mexico's tallest mountain? On Oct. 27, information given by four people arrested early in the day led to the discovery of another clandestine grave holding human remains in the municipal garbage dump in Cocula, whose mayor and police force were arrested two weeks ago.
A month after the Iguala atrocities, officials are bogged down in a quagmire of contradictory information and paralysis in the punishment of those responsible for the disappearance of the 43 students.
The collapse of the PRD in Guerrero, where Angel Aguirre, the governor who migrated from the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party to the PRD just in time to be elected, has been forced to take an indefinite leave of absence, comes after revelations of multi-million dollar irregularities in the construction of a new subway line in Mexico City during the administration of former PRD mayor Marcelo Ebrard, and ongoing violence in the PRD-governed state of Morelos, where the capital city of Cuernavaca and other towns live under the volcano in a climate of kidnappings and executions at the hands of the Beltran Leyva and Guerrero Unido cartels.
The National Action Party, or PAN, has yet to recover from the stigma it acquired under PAN president Felipe Calderon.
Ten days after taking office on December 1, 2006, Calderon launched a war on drugs which took more than 120,000 lives and left 30,000 persons missing in his six-year-long violence-filled presidency. Government officials claimed that most of the deaths were due to internecine fighting among cartels, or were members of security forces killed in action. However, all too many were innocent victims, in the wrong place at the wrong time, such as the sixteen teenagers gunned down at a party in Ciudad Juarez by a squad of masked gunmen.
REMEMBERING EL POZOLERO
This latest episode in the ongoing Mexican horror story brings to mind gruesome brutality during the Calderon presidency, such as  " El Pozolero " -- "The Hominy Stewmaker"-- who was charged in 2009 with dissolving the bodies of 300 members of a rival cartel in boiling lye on orders from his boss, or the massacres of undocumented Central and South American migrants making their way to the United States, abducted from buses and raped, tortured and murdered in San Fernando, Tamaulipas by the Los Zetas cartel in reprisal for refusing to work for the cartel or pay a ransom for their release. In 2010, 72 bodies were discovered at a ranch, and a year later 193 were exhumed from mass graves.
A 14-year-old hit man arrested in Cuernavaca -- the youngest yet -- claimed he had tortured and beheaded more than 300 people. Throughout the Calderon years bodies were regularly found hanging from bridges, corpses -- often headless -- or severed heads turned up on city streets, in abandoned vehicles, in shopping centers, on public highways. Threatening messages were usually left with the remains.
In 2011, gunmen set fire to a casino in Monterrey , killing more than 50 people, many of them bingo players, presumably because the owners had refused to make extortion payments. Teachers in several states stopped working in response to threats from gunmen demanding money. In June 2011, U.S. Customs and Border Protection announced that it had arrested more than 100 of its agents since 2004 for collaborating with Mexican cartels. The PAN has yet to recover from its besmirching.
"If (as Goya said) the sleep of reason produces monsters, reason has been in a coma in Mexico."
Two days after the Ayotzinapa tragedy the leader of the PAN in Guerrero was assassinated in an Acapulco restaurant by two disgruntled party members, ostensibly because they weren't given the jobs they wanted.
Not only the PRD and the PAN are in the eye of the storm. Michoacan, which borders on Guerrero and is governed by the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party (known by its Spanish initials of PRI), came close to being run de facto by the Caballeros Templarios (Knights Templar) cartel, and citizen vigilante groups frustrated by police corruption and inaction took justice into their own hands.
The president appointed a commissioner to take charge and after the governor's son was outed in videos sharing a beer and chatting with La Tuta, the still-at-large leader of the cartel, the governor was replaced by the head of the state university. The vigilantes were disarmed and channeled into an ad hoc rural police, although now dissatisfaction is prompting them to join together anew. Peña Nieto's native State of Mexico, bordering Michoacan, Guerrero and five other states, also suffers from serious problems of criminal violence in towns adjacent to Mexico City, such as Ecatepec. The Military Justice Attorney General has just convicted s even soldiers and a general for involvement in the summary execution of 22 alleged drug traffickers.
With midterm elections coming up on June 15, all three dominant political parties have fallen into disrepute, leaving Mexicans orphaned and without alternatives to purge the country of rampant corruption. The seven smaller parties are largely irrelevant.
PRESIDENT PEÑA NIETO'S REFORMS
Well before Enrique Peña Nieto took office as President on December 1, 2012, it was common knowledge that the main goals of the new PRI government would be to change Mexico's image abroad and to promote foreign investment at home. To avoid legislative deadlock, his operators cobbled together a "Pact for Mexico" by horse-trading with leaders of the main opposition parties, and an ambitious reform package was pushed through Congress.
Sweeping educational reforms -- preceded by the arrest and incarceration of the powerful leader of the principal Mexican teachers' union, who had publicly challenged the president -- were followed by new rules meant to encourage competition in telecommunications, presently controlled by three huge companies. However, the largest and most controversial reform has opened up the energy sector to private and foreign investment, taboo since 1938, when President Lazaro Cardenas expropriated and nationalized all oil reserves and foreign oil companies in Mexico.
For many, one of the most worrisome aspects of energy reform is the possibility that privately owned land can be expropriated for oil and gas exploration. The reform may be challenged in a referendum called for by millions of citizens, after the courts rule on its legality.
The self-congratulatory euphoria following passage of the reforms brought to mind former President José Lopez Portillo's boast of "Fellow Mexicans, we're rich", after vast oil reserves were discovered in the Gulf of Mexico in 1978, ushering in several corruption-ridden boom years.
During the past two years a string of drug kingpins has been arrested or killed, but successors waiting in the wings quickly take their place, or control of turf shifts to other groups. The cartels have branched out, supplementing income from the lucrative drug market in the United States, where most of the weapons used by Mexican criminals originate, with extortion and protection rackets and kidnappings.
Peña Nieto put an end to Calderon's practice of parading captured criminals before television cameras, and has toned down media reports of violence. Entire municipal police forces have been disbanded. Nevertheless, every day brings news of clashes, kidnappings, and murders, and clandestine mass graves have been found in Jalisco, Tamaulipas and Veracruz.
Five years ago Ciudad Juarez, on the northern border with the United States, was widely considered Mexico's most dangerous city, but now the center of gravity seems to have shifted to Guerrero, historically one of the most violent states and an incubator of guerrilla insurgencies.
After the recent discoveries in Iguala people suspect that the country may be peppered with burial pits. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs has deluged embassies and consulates with talking points for damage control. A parody of Peña Nieto's "Saving Mexico" Time magazine cover portraying him as the grim reaper has been making the rounds on the Internet.
-- Tryno Maldonado (@tryno) February 13, 2014
It would appear that the much-trumpeted Mexican Moment does not belong to the multinational corporations greedy for a share of Mexico's oil, gas and wind energy bounty and major airport, highway and high-speed rail projects. In the current explosive situation, if the citizenry is left bereft of democratic choices to tackle political corruption, we run the risk of another 1968, when student movements put the government against the ropes shortly before the Summer Olympics were to begin in Mexico City, culminating in the massacre at Tlatelolco, when an unknown number of peaceful demonstrators were shot down by government shock troops and more than 1300 arrested.
Today all Mexico resounds with the cry "They took them alive, we want them back alive." If the 43 are ever found, and they are dead (for why and where would their abductors be hiding them?), all hell may break loose. Are the president and his cabinet ready for a major upheaval?
Police, politicians and judges have been bought off or put into office by the cartels. Mexicans are fed up with living in a pervasive state of corruption and impunity. They are losing hope. If (as Goya said) the sleep of reason produces monsters, reason has been in a coma in Mexico. What we desperately need now from Enrique Peña Nieto is a new deal that can be summed up in two words: honesty and justice.
This can be the real Mexican Moment.
Correction: A previous version of this article stated that more than 100 U.S. Customs and Border Protection agents were arrested in a single day in 2011 for collaborating with cartels. While the announcement of these arrests was made in 2011, the number in fact refers to arrests made since 2004 (as of 2011).
Homero Aridjis is a Mexican poet, environmental activist and former ambassador. His seminal work is "1492: The Life and Times of Juan Cabezón of Castile."
More:

Oppo launches N3  R5 smartphonesOppo launches N3, R5 smartphones
R. Dinakaran
The N3 is the world's first smartphone to feature an automated swivel camera.
The Oppo R5
The Oppo R5
Singapore, Oct 29:  
OPPO on Wednesday launched the N3, the first smartphone ever to have a motorised swivel camera and R5, what it claims, is the world’s thinnest full high definition phone.
N3
The 16 MP camera in the N3 can rotate 206 degrees - at the swipe of a button or through a remote. The camera is also capable of capturing vertical panoramas, without the users even having to move their hands. The swivel function takes care of the panning. The camera can take panoramic shots in both landscape and.
OPPO says the camera can even give a DSLR a run for its money. Apart from panorama, the camera supports features such as HD picture, Slow Shutter, Super Macro and Professional DSLR settings through plugins that can be installed in the OPPO’s Colour OS 2.0 based on Android 4.4.
The N3 comes with a 5.5 inch 1290x1080 screen with a pixel density of 403 ppi, Quad core 2.3 GHz processor, 2 GB RAM,32 GB ROM (with support for SD card), 3000 mAh battery and VOOC (Rapid Charge 2.0) mini charger.
The camera also comes with OPPO’s target-tracking focus shift function, that will enable users to take clear photos of moving targets.
The N3 is priced at $649.
R5
OPPO says the R5 is the world’s thinnest full high definition phone. Measuring 4.85 mm in width, the R5 is the first smart phone to measure less than 5mm thick. The R5 comes with an octa-core Qualcomm MSM8939 processor, a 5.2-inch AMOLED screen with 1920x1080 resolution and a pixel density of 423 ppi, 2GB RAM, 16GB ROM, 13 MP rear camera and 5 MP front camera, a 2000 MAH battery and a VOOC (Rapid Charge 2.0) mini charger.
The R5 is the world’s first smartphone that uses phase-change material, “keeping it at a constant cool temperature whilst maintaining superior functionality.” The R5’s patented heat dissipation technology ‘Cool Element’ protects its octa-core CPU, in turn, prolonging the life of the phone, according to a press release.
With the PI 2.0 Plus Flash Shot technology, the R5 lets you take photos with a maximum focus time of 0.18 seconds and delivers 50MP high-definition picture clarity.
The R5 is priced at $499.
Both the devices are likely to be available in India by December end.
(The writer is in Singapore at the invitation of Oppo.)
(This article was published on October 29, 2014)
Related

Rs 5 lakh additional compensation each to kin of 1984 anti-Sikh riot victimsPrint
In this File Photo, 1984 riot widows demonstrating against Congress leaders Sajjan Kumar and Jagdish Tytler at Bangala Sahib Gurudwara in New Delhi on November 21, 1996. (Express Archive Photo: Arvind Yadav)
Written by Vijaita Singh | New Delhi | Posted: October 31, 2014 12:05 am | Updated: October 31, 2014 7:14 am
The NDA government has decided to give Rs 5 lakh each to the next of kin of those killed in the 1984 anti-Sikh riots, government officials said on Thursday.
The Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) has taken a decision to disburse around Rs 166 crore to the families of 3,325 victims killed in the riots but the money has not been released yet, a senior Home Ministry official said.
The decision to enhance the compensation was taken by Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh last week, just before the by-elections were announced for three assembly seats in Delhi.
“The government had received representations from various Sikh groups and it was felt that the compensation given to the riot victims was not adequate. It was decided to give an enhanced compensation of Rs 5 lakh each to the next of kin of the victims,” said the official.
The official said the compensation will be given in addition to what they have received in all these years but it will be disbursed only after the by-elections in Delhi are over as the model code of conduct is in place.
In 2006, the UPA government had announced a Rs 717 crore rehabilitation package for anti-Sikh riots victims after the Nanawati Commission, which was set up to probe the anti-Sikh riots, submitted its report. According to the package, an ex-gratia amount of Rs.3.5 lakh each to the next of kin riot victims was disbursed. Out of this only Rs 517 crore had been spent and the remaining Rs 200 crore could not be distributed because of dispute over claimants.
“A thorough review was done and it was found that Rs 3.5 lakh was not enough to compensate the families of riot victims who have suffered all these years. On compassionate grounds, the amount was hiked to Rs 5 lakh,” said the official.
Of the 3,325 victims, 2,733 were killed in Delhi alone while rest of the victims were from Uttar Pradesh, Haryana, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra and other states.
The Home Ministry also enhanced the compensation to civilian victims of communal, terrorist or Naxal violence from Rs 3 lakh to Rs 5 lakh.

Alert! Scammers pose as CEOs in wire transfer spam campaignThe scammers send an email to a target recipient usually pretending to be from the CEO or a senior executive of an organisation.
By: Tech Desk | New Delhi | Posted: October 30, 2014 8:55 pm | Updated: October 30, 2014 8:57 pm
Internet security first Symantec has issued an alert about spam campaigns involving fake wire transfer request emails. Symantec said such mails try to get the recipient to process a payment for non-existent goods or services by way of a wire or credit transfer.
“The scammers send an email to a target recipient usually pretending to be from the CEO or a senior executive of an organisation. The scammers will usually send the fake wire transfer emails to employees working in the finance department of a company, as those employees will have the ability to action payment requests,” a blog post said.
The company warned that scammers were found registering domains similar to the target domain. “For example, if a scammer was targeting a user at exampledomain.com they might register the domain exampledoma1n.com or exaampledomain.com. So for example, you might receive an email sent to you at yourname@exampledomain.com from CEO@exaampledomain.com,” it said, adding that the scammer here is hoping users might not notice the subtle difference in domain.
It was noted that the scammers are sending the emails out on the same day that they are registering the domains. This is likely in the hope that they can extract payment before the domain is reported and suspended.
Verification:
If you receive a wire transfer request that seems out of the ordinary, always check that the sender is who they say they are. Ask yourself: is it normal procedure for your CEO to decide that you’re the best (or only) person to help in that situation? Check the email headers to see where the email has originated from.
If you receive an email with a thread that you’ve supposedly been sent before, check with the person who has supposedly sent the email. Reply to the sender but obtain their email address using your company’s address book in your email client.

Scott Brown defends his grasp of New Hampshire geographyBy Jose A. DelReal October 30 Follow jdelreal
MANCHESTER, N.H. — Republican Senate candidate Scott Brown insisted Thursday he knows the terrain of his adopted state, following a clumsy debate response that sparked questions about the former Massachusetts senator's grasp of New Hampshire geography.
"We have a big picture conversation, but I want to drill down to Main Street here in New Hampshire," began WMUR reporter James Pindell during a debate at the New Hampshire Institute of Politics at Saint Anselm College. "Senator Brown, what do you see going right in the economy in Sullivan County and what's going wrong? And please be specific."
Brown's response remained broad as he briefly outlined several problems facing New Hampshire residents before pivoting to national issues. At that point, Pindell pushed him to give specifics, but not before clarifying the part of the state he was asking about.
“We’re talking about Sullivan County and I think you’re talking about the North Country,” Pindell said. “Sullivan County is west of Concord, it’s not north of Concord.” The New Hampshire Democratic Party wasted no time uploading a clip of the exchange and sending out press releases calling attention to the gaffe.
At a press conference following the debate, Brown dismissed the criticism and told reporters about a visit he made to Mount Sunapee in Sullivan County two weeks ago.
“It’s northwest, I guess I should have been more specific,” Brown said. “Obviously it is north of Concord. I’ve visited every county and I’m going to continue to take that message of independence to every county.”
Later Thursday night, Pindell tweeted a response to Brown.
If @SenScottBrown was referring to Mt. Sunapee, which he recently visited, yes, it is in Sullivan Co. & NW of Concord #nhpolitics #nhsen
— James Pindell (WMUR) (@JamesPindell) October 31, 2014
With just days to go before voters cast their ballots in the high stakes midterm elections, control of the Senate hangs on just a few states, and the GOP is feeling optimistic that both houses of Congress may soon be back under its control. (AP)
Jose DelReal is a blogger for Post Politics.

Review focuses on suspected grenade smugglerBy Josh Hicks October 30 Follow @reporter_hicks
U.S. law enforcement officials passed up multiple opportunities to arrest and indict an American who was eventually charged in Mexico with transporting grenade parts from the United States to drug cartels, according to a government review .
Justice Department Inspector General Michael Horowitz said in a report  released Thursday that U.S. authorities who were monitoring suspected smuggler Jean Baptiste Kingery employed some of the same flawed strategies and tactics that they used in the controversial “Fast and Furious” gunwalking operation.
According to the review, prosecutors with the U.S. attorney’s office in Arizona repeatedly declined to indict Kingery when they had opportunities to do so in 2010 and 2011. The report also said agents with the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF) failed to insist upon strong enforcement action against the suspect.
Justice Department Inspector General Michael Horowitz (Bill O’Leary/The Washington Post)
“[G]iven the seriousness of Kingery’s offenses, his connection to Mexican drug cartels, his residence in Mexico, his drug use, and his repeated, undetected border crossings, Kingery represented a danger to the public and risk of flight,” Horowitz said.
During one operation in 2009 and 2010, ATF agents intercepted and marked grenade hulls that Kingery had ordered for shipment to his mother’s home. They then allowed the parts to be delivered to Kingery, with the goal of eventually proving that he was moving the goods to Mexico.
Grenade hulls with similar markings were later recovered by Mexican soldiers after a gun battle with members of a drug cartel, the report said.
In 2009, the U.S. attorney’s office gave “clear guidance” to ATF agents that grenade components are controlled items under the Arms Export Control Act, and prosecutors told the agents to confiscate the parts if Kingery attempted to carry them across the border, according to the review.
Later, the attorney’s office gave agents the impression that it supported another tracking effort involving Kingery, contradicting its earlier advice. Inspectors found that ATF agents “could have reasonably believed the U.S. Attorney’s Office concurred with ATF’s plan” for a 2010 operation, the report said.
In June 2010, U.S. Customs and Border Protection agents stopped Kingery as he was attempting to cross into Mexico from Arizona. They found 114 grenade hulls, 114 grenade fuses and more than 2,000 rounds of ammunition inside a spare tire attached to his vehicle, according to the inspector general.
Kingery admitted that he loaded the parts and ammunition into the tire and that he knew crossing the U.S.-Mexico border with the items would be illegal, the report said. Nonetheless, Assistant U.S. Attorney Emory Hurley declined to bring charges against Kingery  that evening, as well as after a voluntary follow-up with law-enforcement officials the next day.
Approximately one week later, Kingery was stopped trying to reenter the United States, and ATF agents requested that Hurley agree to an immediate arrest. But the prosecutor declined again, and Kingery returned to Mexico, where he was arrested by Mexican authorities in August 2011.
Rep. Darrell Issa (R-Calif.), who chairs the powerful House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, criticized Hurley in a statement Thursday, saying he “allowed a dangerous individual to remain free and continue his criminal activities, placing public safety at risk on both sides of the border.”
Issa has been one of the harshest critics of the Justice Department and the Obama administration for its handling of the Fast and Furious operation, for which Hurley was a lead prosecutor.
The Fast and Furious program, which started during the George W. Bush administration and lasted into early part of President Obama’s tenure, allowed weapons from the United States to pass into the hands of suspected firearms traffickers. The goal of that program was to track the weapons to the upper levels of Mexican drug cartels. One gun linked to a suspected  smuggler was found at the scene of the fatal 2010 shooting of U.S. Border Patrol agent Brian Terry.
On Thursday, Issa and Sen. Charles Grassley (R-Iowa) sent a letter to Attorney General Eric Holder demanding additional information about the Kingery case, including facts about “the level of involvement among various components of the Justice Department.”
The Justice Department said Thursday that it has taken “aggressive action” to ensure that the issues raised in the report do not occur again.
“The department does not condone the conduct that occurred during this investigation, and those individuals identified by the report as responsible for the operation have either been reassigned or left the department,” the agency said in a statement.
* Sari Horwitz contributed to this report
Josh Hicks covers the federal government and anchors the Federal Eye blog. He reported for newspapers in the Detroit and Seattle suburbs before joining the Post as a contributor to Glenn Kessler’s Fact Checker blog in 2011.

Burger Records movable feast hits the Black Cat SaturdayBy Chris Richards October 30 Follow @Chris__Richards
Doomsayers like to blame the Internet for killing all kinds of stuff: patience, civility and the opposite of patience and civility — rock-and-roll.
None of these are totally dead, of course. But rock conservationists aren’t wrong to be bemoan the flattening effects of the Web and its slow devitalization of America’s distinct regional rock scenes.
Dee Dee Penny brings the Dum Dum Girls to the Black Cat Saturday. (Photo by James Orlando)
It’s hard to tell whether the folks behind Burger Records are hyper-aware or totally oblivious to all of this. The Orange County-based record label has been meticulously documenting the SoCal garage rock scene and then blasting that music out to the rest of the universe through a perpetual avalanche of releases, as well as evangelical podcasts and webisodes. It’s all done with contagious enthusiasm and yuk-yuk humor. The label’s motto: “Making rare to well-done records and tapes since 2007.”
This fall, Burger is taking its scene on the road with its second annual “Caravan of Stars,” a touring revue that promises loud noises and big fun. The bill coming to Washington includes Dum Dum Girls , the most glamorous garage rock band going; together Pangea , an outfit that’s both mildly psychedelic and discreetly competent; and Cherry Glazerr, a mostly-teenage trio that sings about youth, love and grilled cheese — all proof that rock-and-roll is alive and well. And hungry.
Saturday at 8 p.m. The Black Cat, 1811 14th St. NW, 202-667-4490. www.blackcatdc.com . $20.
Chris Richards became the Post's pop music critic in 2009. He has covered D.I.Y. house shows, White House concerts, go-go and Gaga.

Atul Gawande explains why the health care system should stop trying to help everyone live longerComments
By Harold Pollack October 30
Surgeon Atul Gawande, author of "Being Mortal" at a recent talk in New York City. (Photo by Brad Barket/Getty Images)
Atul Gawande’s current best-seller, Being Mortal , has touched a nerve regarding our medical system’s very poor handling of aging, life-altering illnesses, hospice, and palliative care. The book raises the question of why the U.S. health system prizes the length of a patient's life over the quality of that life in a person's final years.
I caught up with Gawande after he delivered a public lecture on his book. Below is an edited and condensed transcript of our conversation.
Harold Pollack: Let’s start with the craft of writing Being Mortal. You’ve written on so many different things. How did you fasten on what became this book?
Atul Gawande: I’d written a New Yorker article in 2007 about how we age . It was about the science of what happens to the body, and the ways we have made ineffective policies and planning for that. That segued three years later into Letting Go for the New Yorker.  Those became the anchors for the book.
I decided to take it to a book because I realized the articles just scratched the surface. I use writing as my way of thinking out loud and investing in time to dig into a problem. And the thinking I’d done was already leading me to experiment with changes in my own practice. It seemed possible that researching and writing more would open directions for what we could do to improve care for the aged and for those at the end-of-life. There was also a global dimension as I explored these issues in India and other places. I wasn’t done thinking about the subject, and I was therefore not done writing on it.
HP: You mapped out many stories of individual patients, clinicians, and families over a reasonable period of time. How do you find those people? How do you present to them the project that you’re doing?
AG: Some of them were my own patients or family members. The sensitive part was circling back and asking if it’s all right to formally interview them for a book I was writing on how we deal with matters of aging and mortality. Some said yes. Some said no. There were lots of people I found through others, too. I asked people all over about their family and friends grappling with these kinds of experiences. I visited numerous nursing homes and home health programs, as well, across many demographics and met people that way. I tried to find stories the same way any reporter does. You snowball from one person to the next until you’ve accumulated lots of folks.
I got a lot of peoples’ stories, but I couldn’t always use them. I had to write a lot of apology notes to people who gave me a lot of time but didn’t end up in the book.
HP: There’s a lot of film on the cutting room floor.
AG:  Yeah. I lost count after talking to 200 patients and family members about their experiences. I end up using only seven or eight stories really.
HP: Do you begin with a detailed war plan? Do you interview 200 people and then gradually, the story comes together? Or have you basically mapped out the book from the start, at least its main skeleton, and then you’re filling in as it goes along?
AG:  “War plan” is probably a nice metaphor, because you are planning out a battle but conditions on the ground change your battle plan considerably. I always start with a frame and an outline and the direction that I think I’m going, even what I think the ending will be. I then find that it gets blown out of the water.
I learned from one writer-friend the idea that at about two-thirds or three-quarters away through your first draft is a great moment to bring a group of people to react to it and not as individuals but actually to gather them together as a group.
Each time, I’ve convened what I call my rough draft book club. I go down to New York, gather four or five of my writer-friends at a friend’s apartment, and buy them a cheap takeout dinner. They’ve all read the rough draft, so I ask some questions. One person says what he liked about it. Another says what she didn’t like about it. Then I listen as they react to one another and start getting a sense of what I can do better.
For instance, I had a structure for this book that changed dramatically after this conversation. I had to reorder my chapters, cut one out, and add a whole new chapter I hadn’t expected or wanted to write.
HP: What was that new chapter?
AG: The new chapter expanded focus on my dad. I had been hesitant to go there. Also, I had massively more information about the history of aging and nursing homes than really worked. It was full of little wonderful sidebars that weren’t connecting. They were interesting, but ultimately were just kind of woolly ideas that didn’t go anywhere.
HP: One tough question. I watched your lecture today with some primary care physicians. Their reaction was to say, “Of course all this information about the need for conversation in end-of-life care was revelatory to you, Dr. Gawande. You’re a surgeon.” In your telling of the story, how much did the culture of specialty care fail to prepare you adequately for the challenges recounted in your book?
AG: Look I’m a surgeon--highly procedural, geared towards always being able to offer something more. It’s no surprise that this field did have prepared us formally for these kinds of conversations. Furthermore, I’m in an academic medical center, high-end Mecca. Many people come there because they want that experimental therapy, the last ditch maneuver against all odds.
Part of the reason to get out and about, however, is not just to look at my own particular experiences, but to take a broader view. If these conversations are so important--and people across other fields seem to know it--we’re still not having them. It’s not happening for two-thirds of people with advanced cancers for example. We have evidence that these conversations are even less likely to happen for other common things people die of: congestive heart failure, for example.
Maybe that’s because families and patients tend to move on to a specialist rather than the primary care doctor for these conversations, but I often find primary care doctors aren’t having them, either.
HP: I’ve heard from primary care doctors and geriatricians that the surgeon or the oncologist is the person who has the real authority to have that conversation--
AG: And we don’t do it.
HP: Even if they had the skill to have the conversation, that’s not really who the patients are looking to for these conversations.
AG: If you look at the studies, they find that having a palliative care doctor or geriatrician more closely involved in care can lead people to forego aggressive therapy sooner and have better outcomes-- not only less suffering but even improved surviva l. But we don’t have enough of these doctors to go around. Furthermore, there’s something wrong with the idea that you outsource this kind of decision-making and discussion. It needs to be considered a basic part of what we do, and I don’t think there’s a reason that people who are in oncology, or in cardiology, or in surgery who have the most ready and up-to-date knowledge about a person’s condition can’t do this…
Also, it allows for more nuance in care. It’s not just “Do we do the surgery or do we not?” Even if we’re doing the surgery, what is the goal--for somebody who has a chronic illness or has a terminal illness--besides just winning the lottery ticket and living longer? What is the point where as even when you’re in the midst of the operation, what are they willing to sacrifice along the way, and what are they not willing to sacrifice?
I agree that the specialty professions have been loathe to admit our limitations and to cope with our limitations in talking to patients. But I’m not willing to give up and simply say that it’s not possible for our professions to take those responsibilities. We’ll be much more effective if medicine is incorporating these kinds of complex end-stage decisions with all the different specialties involved.
HP: Since back surgery is the paradigmatic case of over-use, it raises economic questions. We’re having this conversation in the department of geriatrics. As you note, the geriatrics profession seems to really be suffering right now. You present a terrible anecdote, in which a geriatric team at the University of Minnesota demonstrated in a randomized trial that they could dramatically reduce disability and depression, as well as the need for home health services . For their troubles, that department was dismantled. To simplify, they could not economically justify the added $1,350 per-patient they expended, given the incentives of our fee-for-service system.
Leaving aside the economics, there are cultural factors at play, too. We have trouble recruiting social work students to go into geriatrics. It’s a lot easier to get many of our students excited about working with children and youth. How do we deal with these challenges?
AG: First there’s the economics of where we are. We’re now in a post ACA world.  Before the ACA, about 5% of the country was under alternative non-fee-for-service payment systems. We’re now at about 20%. That’s not enough yet to produce an enormous number of job openings in geriatric social work, palliative care medicine and so on—the providers who can effectively ensure that people are getting higher quality and what turns out to be lower-cost care.
But that shift to 20% will reach 30%, then 40%. The demand will gradually rise. It will eventually be there. Progress will just be slower than we would like it to be. Often, the students are the last to figure it all out.
HP: They’re watching who’s driving the Mercedes in the parking lot….
AG: Right… But I think there’s also a second level. This concerns people’s imaginations--even my own imagination about what I was doing, what my job was, what I was really excited about in medicine.
The paradigmatic example for me was being able to do an appendectomy. Someone had a fixable problem that would kill him. I could go in and save his life, with a really simple thing I could do in an hour. He is grateful for it and we all move on.
It’s harder to convey the value and reward of helping people manage unfixable problems, like frailty or a terminal condition. It’s hard to explain except that I’m finding right now that my most gratifying experiences as a doctor are coming from starting to feel competent at how to help people navigate serious potentially incurable illness, how to navigate being really sick. We in the medical profession have not been very effective at even articulating such tasks require or what the goals even are. We don’t teach the skills or expose students to them in action. It’s not surprising that they therefore don’t choose professions like geriatrics. But learning how to arrive at good answers means getting to grapple with the meaning of life for people.
HP: You used the terms confidence and competence. These get people excited that they have a sense of that in what they’re doing.
AG: Whatever we do, we’re excited about our ability to solve problems and to develop and show confidence and competence to accomplish things other people can’t do.
HP: One of your book’s saddest quotes comes from a hospice patient, who says: “The oncologist and the heart doctor told me that there’s nothing more they can do for me.” It’s as if palliative care and hospice are the consolation prizes we give you when we really can’t do anything more.
AG: There’s a profound sense of abandonment. That abandonment comes when the doctors wash their hands of the situation. “Well, there’s nothing more I can do.” Or, “If you want to, you can choose not to take what I’m offering.” Instead of helping people address the real question: “What are you ultimately fighting for here? Let me help in doing that, even if it means not choosing the therapeutic modality I initially recommended.” And so yes. All the other options appear like, “Well, you can give up.”
Even when we are needing to handoff, I’m involving someone who is going to have palliative care or hospice or primary care team. I’m not involving them because there’s nothing more I can do. I’m involving them because we require other people’s expertise to help us achieve what we’re trying to do.
I’ll give you another example. When people with severe back pain go to see a spine surgeon alone, the spine surgeon tends to say either you can take my solution or I’ve got nothing to offer.
In contrast, when people go to a comprehensive spine clinic, they see both a surgeon and a physical therapist. The physical therapist talks about what physical therapy involves, and the spine surgeon talks about what the surgery involves. In this situation, many more people choose physical therapy because it’s not the surgeon saying, “Well, there’s nothing more I can do. Go home and live in misery.” You had a non-surgical option that the surgeon was saying was okay, that this is an appropriate part of care.
HP: I felt a tension reading your book. You’ve done all this work on checklists. Yet aspects of end-of-life care feel like more of a craft. There’s human nuance in which doctors and other must have a feel for people, how to talk to people about intimate and painful subjects. Is this something we can operationalize and define in specific process measures to know that we’re providing proper care?
AG: In surgery, when you bring in the checklist, it’s about assuring a minimum level of performance. We can measure it in complications and death rates. But it’s harder to define and measure what the minimum level of performance is for patient-doctor communication about serious illness. What is the measure that we’re going for? The closest thing I can get to is something like this: How many people feel that their clinicians understand their priorities and goals besides just living longer? We’d probably find out that we’re not performing very well, and that we could do better and better with time.
We still want to measure survival. We still want to measure complication rates and all of those things. But we also want to know that we’re not sacrificing what people consider to be the reasons they want to be alive.
HP: How is the end of life care and palliative care experience different at different ages? Some of your stories involve very young people, for example Sara Monopoli. How is their experience different from those of older people?
AG: There are a few populations where it’s strikingly different. Younger people are much more likely to get aggressive therapy till the end, have much more suffering at the end, and have their families experience PTSD and depression after their passing.
In part, that’s because it’s such a violation that any young person should die. It’s hard to back off the goal of trying for more time no matter what, towards insuring as good a life as possible in the time we have remaining with them.
Certain minorities, in particular African American patients, are much more likely to have a negative experience with these kinds of conversations. They are much more likely to seek aggressive care at the end of life, and to die in the ICU. It speaks to how much mistrust many African Americans feel about whether people in the health system really care about them, whether they’re being deprived of options that we would be offering to other people.
HP: One additional factor may come into play . You don’t get a second chance to make a first impression. Many minority families have had specific negative experiences with the health care system. These experiences may have nothing to do with the current care team. These still shape families’ understanding.
AG: This comes up routinely in emergency situations. One of my colleagues named Dr. Zara Cooper is a surgeon who does palliative care and is studying this. In the emergency setting, you’ve never met somebody before. You need to break bad news about where things are going. Often, no one has had any previous conversation about the end of life, instead there was only talk about the hopeful things. So a patient or family member is hearing the bad news from a stranger, a stranger trying to get them to grapple with the possibility that going to surgery or trying the emergency maneuver may be worse than other options. Do they trust you? Often people don’t. But it is not a bad outcome that you’ve started the conversation. Perhaps they still go ahead and opt for a treatment of unlikely benefit. There are still many gates along the road for someone at the end of life. At a certain point, people develop what I call the ODTAA syndrome: It becomes one damn thing after another.
When it does, at least you’ve said, “Yes, okay. We’ll try putting your dad on the ventilator, or try this last ditch operation, but in three days, let’s reassess where we are.” If you do it right, you have set some expectations. You’ve said that we hope all will be well, but if not, we’re prepared. You’ve started that conversation for down the road.
If, however, you’ve decided that you’re only going to talk about the hopeful things and never bring up the possibility that things do go awry, it comes as a shocking surprise. The family’s confidence in you can be undermined. And you’ve only made it that much harder to sort out when the plan isn’t working.
 

Adani Power gets CCI nod to buy Lanco Infratech s plantAdani Power gets CCI nod to buy Lanco Infratech's Udipi thermal plant
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 31, 2014  | 09:39 IST
Photo for representation purposes only. (Source: Reuters)
Competition Commission of India, the country's fair trade regulator, has approved Adani Power 's Rs 6,000 crore deal to acquire Lanco Infratech's 1,200 MW Udupi thermal plant, saying the transaction does not raise anti-competition concerns.
The deal , one of the biggest in the domestic power sector, was announced in August.
Clearing the transaction, CCI said it was not "likely to have appreciable adverse effect on competition" in the country.
"... Post combination the combined market share of the acquirer, both in terms of installed capacity and electricity generation, would not be significant enough to raise any competition concern," CCI said in its order, dated October 24, and released on Thursday.
Besides, the trade watchdog noted that there was no vertical relationship between Adani Power and UPCL as the latter did not use any transmission services provided by Adani Power.
Under the proposed transaction, Adani Power would acquire Udupi Power Corp (UPCL) from Lanco Infratech, Lanco Thermal Power, Portia Properties and certain individual shareholders.
"The proposed combination relates to the business of power generation in India. The power generation market in India is characterised by presence of a large number of players," the official order said.
Making the announcement in August, Lanco Infratech had said the deal was "valued at more than Rs 6,000 crore", which also includes a debt component of Rs 4,000 crore.
"This transaction will support the company in reducing its debt and will enable Lanco to receive about Rs 2,000 crore as cash and additionally, Adani Power will take Udupi plant's long-time debt of around Rs. 4,000 crore," it had said.

Shahi Imam invites Pak PM  snubs Modi for son s anointmentPrint
New Delhi, Oct 30 (IANS) The Shahi Imam of Delhi's Jama Masjid, Syed Ahmed Bukhari Thursday said he has not invited Prime Minister Narendra Modi for his son's anointment as the next chief cleric.
Bukhari, however, said he has invited Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif, and also four Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leaders, including two ministers.
"We have invited the prime minister of Pakistan as we have had relations with him since my father's time, unlike with Modi, whom we have not invited," Bukhari told IANS.
The anointment of Bukhari's son, 19-year-old Shaban, will be held Nov 22. The guests have been invited for a special dinner Nov 29.
"Modi has not done anything for Indian Muslims even after coming to power. Indian Muslims have not forgiven him for the 2002 Gujarat riots," Bukhari said, referring to the communal clashes in Gujarat in which around 1,000 Muslims were killed.
"Modi has not even apologised (for the riots) and reached out to the Muslims," he added.
"We have also invited Congress president Sonia Gandhi and her son Rahul Gandhi alongwith Vice President Hamid Ansari," Bukhari added.
Recommend

RIL slips in BT 500 most valuable companies rankingStory
At a tipping point
RIL slips in the BT 500 ranking on lower gas output and falling oil prices but it could benefit from a likely gas price hike and earnings from new ventures such as retail.
Mahesh Nayak      Follow @MaheshNayak Delhi   Edition: Nov 9, 2014
Powering the company: RIL's Jamnagar refinery
On May 16, when the Narendra Modi-led Bharatiya Janata Party won a majority in the general election, Dalal Street, riding on great expectations, propelled the shares of Reliance Industries (RIL) to a 52-week high of Rs 1,142.55.
On that day stocks of most Gujarat-based companies had soared. But unlike many of these companies, the RIL stock could not hold its level for long. In the last four-and-a-half months, its stock has been one of the biggest underperformers among the BSE Sensex stocks. Between May 16 and September 30 it lost close to 12.5 per cent even as the Sensex gained 10.5 per cent.
Reliance Industries, led by Chairman and Managing Director Mukesh Ambani, has made huge investments in its non-energy businesses such as telecom, retail, hospitality and media.
Since September 2003, RIL has lagged the Sensex eight times in 11 years. This has hurt its overall ranking in the BT 500 list. In 2011, RIL lost the top slot to Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) in the market capitalisation pecking order. It remained at No.2 for the past three years. This year, despite a 15 per cent gain in its market value (as on September 30), RIL slipped to the third position. The market value gap between TCS and RIL has further widened to Rs 1.36 lakh crore from Rs 51,643 crore in 2013.
CHECK OUT: How RIL fares in BT 500 Most Valuable Companies list
According to Rajesh Kothari, Managing Director of AlfAccurate Advisors, an investment advisory firm, underperformance of the exploration and production (E&P) business coupled with regulatory uncertainty has been the main reason for the dismal show of the RIL stock.
"The market gave RIL a premium on expectation of the KG D6 gas discovery but it turned out to be a major disappointment. Thereafter, the RIL stock has been languishing," he says. Prayesh Jain, Associate Vice President of IIFL, a financial services company, says that, with growth being a concern, investors kept away from RIL.
"The subdued stock performance is due to flat earnings growth in the last three years," he says.
For 2013/14, RIL's Panna, Mukta and Tapti (PMT) fields produced 93 billion cubic feet (BCF) of gas against 145 BCF in 2011/12. But gas production from the KG Basin has plunged to 14 million metric standard cubic metre a day (MMSCMD) in 2013/14 from 43 MMSCMD in 2011/12.
The price of gas produced from the KG Basin remains at $4.2 per million metric British thermal unit (MMBTU) despite RIL's demands for a higher price. Lower energy price has affected RIL's shale gas business in the US. In the July-September quarter, operating profit from the US shale gas business dropped almost 17 per cent from a year earlier. This is prompting RIL to look at selling some of its shale assets.
Manish Bhandari, Founder of Vallum Capital, a Mumbai-based equity investment advisory firm, says RIL is a Sensex heavyweight and that has salvaged its stock. This implies that a small movement in RIL stock could make a huge difference in the portfolio. He says that when he was managing a long-only fund at ING Mutual Fund that used to benchmark the index, he often had to hold RIL shares even though he was underweight on RIL.
Bhandari also believes that a drop in crude oil prices will hurt RIL. In the past three months oil prices have fallen from $110 a barrel to $90 a barrel.
"RIL buys the worst quality of crude and after refining sells the oil at a good price, which helps them make a good margin. It will not help when crude prices fall. Upcoming refineries in West Asia and China have also played a role in the underperformance," he says.
Another reason for the poor show of RIL stocks, says Kothari, is the dismal Return on Capital Employed (RoCE). "In the last three years, its RoCE has fallen from 12 to eight per cent while the earnings per share (EPS) has shown tepid growth from Rs 68 to Rs 75," he says.
But things are changing, says Kothari. "Huge investments have been made in emerging business and today the company is waiting for those investments to bear fruit," he said. RIL operates in four major segments - refinery and petrochemical (its biggest revenue earner), E&P, retail and telecom. In a departure from the past, when investments were made into E&P and retail, today the money is being pumped into telecom.
Meanwhile, apart from the refinery and petrochemical business, RIL's retail business too has become profitable. But there are concerns that if the company goes on an expansion spree, then the retail business would burn cash and go back into the red.
Also, it is hoped that the gas pricing issue will be sorted out soon. RIL sources, on condition of anonymity, say they expect a revision in gas prices anytime soon. This could be a huge boost to RIL as the market hasn't discounted a hike in gas prices in its share price. When contacted, RIL declined to make any forward looking statement and didn't participate in the story.
On October 1, Satish Mishra of HDFC Securities brought out a 'buy' report on RIL. In it he says that while the price of PMT gas would remain at $5.6 to $5.7 per mmBtu, it may go up for the KG Basin gas from $4.2/mmBtu to $5.7 in 2014/15 and $7.2 the following year. Mishra also expects RIL's gross refining margin (GRM) to stabilise in coming years. In 2013/14, the GRM shrank to $8.1 a barrel from $9.2 the previous year. Mishra expects the GRM to hover around $8.5 a barrel in the next two years due to higher global incremental demand and a delay in new capacities.
The petrochemical business is also expected to grow. By 2015/16, according to Mishra's report, RIL is likely to benefit from capacity addition in its polyester business. Its total impact is expected in 2017/18 when the company's operating profit is projected to jump by 78 per cent to Rs 55,000 crore from Rs 30,878 crore in 2013/14.
However, a senior official of a domestic financial service firm that manages close to $2 billion funds, said, "Globally, energy prices are falling and importing makes sense. So prices will remain a concern for RIL."
He pointed out that RIL is a mature business but "it is unable to generate alpha" [returns higher than a pre-selected benchmark]. "Like ITC, the core business of RIL will generate money but the problem is that unlike ITC where capital-to-output ratio is high, it is low for RIL. It implies that other businesses like retail and telecom will burn huge cash and won't generate desired money in the short run. So RIL will record a good top line but the bottom line will be a concern," he said.
Further, he says companies that hold huge cash in hand often misallocate the money. "RIL is going through the same phase. When your peers have deep pockets then the last-man-standing concept doesn't work and this is a huge risk," he says, hinting at investments in telecom, retail, hotels and media. RIL holds an 18.5 per cent stake in EIH Ltd, the flagship company of The Oberoi Group.
On the positive side is the fact that RIL is holding cash reserves of about Rs 88,000 crore. It made close to Rs 9,000 crore from treasury operations, which was 41 per cent of its total net profit of Rs 22,000 crore in 2013/14.
RIL has been diversifying and with an investment of $6 billion so far, telecom has been its biggest bet. It now plans to invest another $6 billion in the telecom business. This means that, following its expansion plans, RIL would have less cash in hand.
"Though there is going to be huge capex in the core petrochemical and refinery businesses in the next two years, the debt-to-equity ratio wont be more than 0.7 for RIL," says Jain of IIFL.
Jain also said that telecom investment will add further burden on the balance sheet. Growing investment in telecom is being seen by analysts as a big negative for RIL as it is difficult to ascertain return on investments in the sector.
While the telecom spectrum auction is due in the next six months, it is anybody's guess as to how ugly the tariff war will turn out to be or how much money can be made on data.
Though risks abound, Kothari, whose fund portfolio since 2009 includes two to three per cent of RIL stock, is optimistic. "RIL is on the verge of an inflection point. Most negatives have been discounted in the share price," he says. "The company has all ingredients to make it big. With strong financial management and business acumen, it is only a matter of time when RIL starts delivering. One has to remain patient."

Scandal recap Season 4  Episode 6By Bethonie Butler October 31 Follow @bethoniebutler
This week, “Scandal” offered us a glimpse of the past, present and future.
There was Olivia’s assignment: To exonerate the man convicted of an assassination attempt on a former president, whose death by stroke offered an opportunity to reveal the truth about what had really happened.
Olivia threw herself into her work did even as she navigated her feelings for both Fitz and Jake, who is still in federal custody, accused of murdering the president’s son. As the episode opened, Olivia was dreaming of passionate encounters with Fitz, or was it Jake, or was it Fitz? In Liv’s world, this constitutes a nightmare.
Olivia and Quinn meet with the man convicted of attempting assassination on former President Cooper. (ABC/Eric McCandless)
Let’s talk about the future for a sec. Shondaland gave us the hilarious gift of seeing what Mellie could be like a few decades from now in the form of Bitsy, the former first lady, who was more in charge of the Oval Office than her late husband ever was.
In addition to having been president, basically, Bitsy had some of the best lines of the episode. When Mellie tries to talk about plans for Coop, Bitsy gets real: “Since us bitches have to get through this dog and pony show, I’m going to need you sit down, shut up and follow my lead.”
Amid other gems (“you go crochet or vaccinate fat kids”; “I have a joint in my purse and it’s not gonna smoke itself”), Bitsy  inspired Mellie to think about her own legacy and all that she wants to accomplish. She also revealed that Fitz’s philandering had nothing on Coop’s wandering eye. “I will be remembered as the wife of a man who did something with his life,” Bitsy tells Mellie matter-of-factly.
Mellie and Bitsy, BFFs. (ABC/Nicole Wilder)
Olivia didn’t have the pleasure of meeting Bitsy, but she was also quick to point out the double standards women face. Fitz showed up at her door, thanks to Abby’s bold conversation with Fitz, urging him to tell Olivia Jake’s whereabouts. It was an emotional conversation that provoked Olivia to gulp her gargantuan glass of red wine ( the wrong way , apparently).
Fitz’s misguided opener “Abby’s kind of a bitch” didn’t go over well with Liv. “If she were a man, you’d say she were formidable or bold or right,” Olivia said.
Respect.
In fact, Abby proved she was all of those things. Faced with a would-be scandal (ha) set up by Portia de Rossi’s scheming character, Liz, Abby channeled her OPA training and figured out the source of a White House leak — Cyrus. The actual source of the leak is Cyrus’s special friend, Michael, who learned that Fitz was planning to shut down several military bases and relayed that information to Liz — for a price, naturally.
Inspired by Bitsy, Mellie deftly shuts down any controversy.  And Abby shuts down Cyrus: “Before you head on a witch hunt, you might want to take a closer look at your own back door.”
It’s not often that Olivia “my gut is never wrong” Pope is fooled by her clients, but Leonard Carnahan, the man serving time for attempting to assassinate President Cooper managed to throw her (and me, to be honest) for a loop. He did shoot the president, but he wanted his crime to be murder. So he persuaded Olivia to get an autopsy that would prove his bullet was responsible for the stroke that killed Coop.
After sulking over Olivia’s winning streak last episode, David Rosen finally got to gloat – like a middle-schooler, no less. “I out-Poped Olivia Pope. Eat it sucka.”
One person who couldn’t out-Pope Olivia Pope? Why, Rowan Pope himself. He had a nice thing going, sharing a fine Scotch with Fitz and convincing him to hand Jake over to him so he could “put his stray dog down.” Thinking he had the upper hand, Rowan even convinced Fitz to allow Olivia to see Jake. “Don’t let love cloud your judgment,” he tells him.
And Olivia did see Jake, bruised and bloody from the pummeling Fitz gave him last episode. Jake doesn’t seem to have much fight left in him. He alludes to being framed by Rowan, but doesn’t waste his energy detailing the story. Instead, he tells her about his bank account in the Cayman Islands, revealing that he doesn’t know how to make a proper password. “Emily,” really? I digress.
“He thinks I’m guilty and you probably do too,” Jake tells Olivia, before delivering this crushing blow to everyone who ships Jake/Olivia: “We both know in the end you’re not going to choose me. It’s okay, Olivia. I want you to know. I need you to know. Not choosing me is okay.”
Is it, Jake? Is it?
Things weren’t looking so good for Jake, but Olivia saved his life by going all “We are never, ever, ever, ever getting back together” on Fitz. She insisted that Fitz not have Jake killed. No mention of Vermont or jam (thank goodness), but was a typical Fitz-Olivia exchange:
Fitz: “Look what he did to us. You and I are ruined.  We don’t have a chance now. Too much has happened.”
Olivia: “If you hand him over. If you give him to my father to be killed. You and I will have no hope of being together ever again.”
Fitz: “Are you saying there’s hope?” [silence, passionate stares, trembling lips, eyes verging on tears]
Olivia: “There’s hope.”
Hope > Rowan. Fitz tells Jake he’s transferring him to a super maximum security prison: “Consider it my gift to the woman we love.”
Rowan wasn’t happy. He showed up while Olivia was doing her morning laps. “You crossed me!”
“You may be Command, Dad, but I have weapons at my disposal,” Olivia said. “Weapons you can’t possibly possess.”
Bitsy would be proud.
Not to mention, Olivia is going to need some weapons close at hand. After some sleuthing from Quinn (and a distracted Huck), she located the locker that Caitlin and Faith were protecting before they were killed. The contents? Pictures of Olivia.
Now that’s what I call a nightmare.
Here’s hoping that Huck, who has found a way to know his son — at least virtually — through video games, can help Quinn figure out why Olivia’s being tracked. OPA’s going to need all hands on deck.
Lingering questions: Can Bitsy get a multi-episode arc? Why did Faith and Caitlin have pictures of Olivia? How long before Fitz figures out that Rowan is the problem, not Jake?
Bethonie Butler is a producer and a reporter on The Post’s engagement team. She oversees online comments and has also contributed to The Style Blog and She The People.

Sensex @ new high; may hit 30K soon | Japan stuns with stimulusYou are here: Home > Collections
Sensex ends day at record high, seen on track to hit 30,000 in 60 days
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 31, 2014, 03.40PM IST
(Analysts at top brokerage…)
NEW DELHI: Both S&P BSE Sensex and Nifty made fresh highs today, surging nearly 2 per cent each in trade on Friday. The 30-share index ended the day at 27,865.83, up 519.50 points, or 1.90 per cent. The Nifty shut shop at 8322.20, up 153 points, or 1.87 per cent.
The Sensex hit its fresh lifetime high of 27,894.32 in intraday trade, while the 50-share Nifty index rose over 150 points to make its all-time high of 8,330.75.
Strong macro environment, reform push by the new government and falling inflation have already boosted the Sensex by over 30 per cent so far in the year 2014. But analysts at Dalal Street see further upside in the index up to the levels of 30,000 by the December-end and over 35,000 in the next one year.
Analysts at top brokerage firms firmly believe that we are in a bull market and equities will remain the best asset class in the next couple of years, provided global markets remain stable.
The markets have been on an upward trajectory since the last few days on the back of renewed vigor shown by the government to initiate reforms, apart from lower crude prices, lower inflation, supportive global cues and decent earnings, say experts.
Vikas Khemani of Edelweiss Financial Services believes that from the medium to long-term perspective, India remains one of the best markets to be in and equity remains one of the best asset classes to be invested into.
Expectations are running high given the fact that macros have stabalised and growth has bottomed out. And with the rate cycle set to reverse and more reforms gets implemented, the Indian markets may well be on top of the list of FIIs despite global concerns.
Though the quantitative easing ended on Wednesday, but the Federal Reserve is keeping the 'considerable period of time' stance for raising interest rates until it sees more improvement in the economy, which cheered the markets.
"Taking cues from the same, the BSE Sensex and the Nifty hit fresh highs and we are expecting further upside from the current levels as this move of the Fed has surely boosted the confidence of retail as well as global investors," said Vivek Gupta,CMT - Director Research, CapitalVia Global Research Limited.
"As the Nifty is further looking bullish on charts and fundamentals also seem to be supportive, slight correction might be on the way. But the overall upswing is likely to occur till Nov expiry. Our targets for the Nifty till December are 8400 & 8700 and for the Sensex, 30000 can be the golden figure," he added.
The slowdown in growth rates has dampened the sentiment quite a bit not just for Indian markets, but across the globe. But one thing which experts feel very firmly is the fact that India happens to be in a sweet spot and the whole India story remains intact.
India has managed to hold onto its macro factors compared with the rest of the emerging market economies and that will aide capital flow. They have also managed to push through key economic reforms.
 
After the recent diesel price deregulation, the government on Wednesday eased overseas investment rules in construction to attract money into the funds-starved sector and serve its twin objectives of faster job creation and housing for all.
"Economic indicators such as inflation, factory output, crude oil and other commodity prices are reflecting favorable numbers, which would further keep the market at comfortable levels in the coming month," said Tushar Pendharkar, Equity Strategist, Right Horizons.
Most analysts see the index hitting the levels above 30000-35000 in the next one year, which gives an upside of 10-28 per cent from the current levels. However, it will not be easy for the Indian markets to maintain the momentum considering the fact that the US might just increase rates amid global economic slowdown.
"India would be very unlikely impacted by the Fed decision in the near term. However, I believe that the Indian economy would be inversely proportional to domestic inflation and international crude oil prices, but in both the cases the trend is under control and outlook looks positive for the economy," adds Pendharkar.
But brokers are hopeful for a smart rally on the bourses. According to a survey conducted by ET, the Sensex is on track to hit levels above 30000-35000 by next Diwali or by the end of next one year, while the 50-share Nifty index could record levels of 8500 in the next 12 months.
According to an ET Now survey of 15 brokerage firms, 80 per cent of the respondents surveyed see the Nifty index trading above 8500 levels by next Diwali, while 13 per cent see the index hovering in the range of 8000-8500. Only 7 per cent of the respondents see the index moving in the range of 7500-8000.
According to the survey, 33 per cent of respondents are of the view that the Sensex could see the levels above 35000 by next Diwali, while 50 per cent see the index trading in the range of 30000-35000. Only 17 per cent of the respondents see the index hovering in the range of 26000-30000.
FEATURED ARTICLES

What should be CM Fadnavis  top priorityDevendra Fadnavis will swear in as the CM of Maharashtra today. (Source: PTI photo)
By: Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: October 31, 2014 11:50 am
To make Mumbai a world-class city, there has to be accountability for time-bound implementation of projects. We currently have five different agencies handling various projects with no coordination. There should be a single agency handling infrastructure projects.
Also, now that there are no coalition compulsions, the new CM should set up a new governance system.
- Narinder Nayar, (Chairperson of Bombay First)
Maharashtra is a plentifully endowed state. Trade, commerce, IT, manufacturing, services, tourism — there are capabilities across sectors. Also, our timezone makes us ideal for an international financial centre between Tokyo and London. The new CM should push for that.
- Ajit Gulabchand, (CMD, HCC)
In the health sector, the most important thing that the new government should stress on is emergency medical services. The previous government had rolled out a ‘108’ ambulance service, but simply introducing an ambulance service is not the solution. It has to be efficient, and help should actually reach within the golden hour.
- Dr Gustad Daver, (Medical Director, Reliance Foundation)
Different approvals required for housing projects should be faster. Redtape and delays in clearances are the only reasons for the industry to be ailing right now. The government should set strict timelines during which approvals should be granted.
Vimal Shah, president of MCHI-CREDAI, an umbrella organization of real estate developers
The state council for higher education should be made functional. It currently exists, but there hasn’t been a meeting. There should also be region-specific community colleges for vocational training with an option of mainstream degree courses as well. Currently, the industrial training institutes focus only on vocational training. The government should also introduce more courses for professions such as nurses and midwives.
- Abhay Pethe, (Economics professor at Mumbai University)
HOPES & WISHES
# I look forward to a more investor-friendly and industrially-advanced Maharashtra.
- Sanjay Kirloskar, Deputy Chairman, CII Western Region & CMD of Kirloskar Brothers Ltd
# I hope the CM will take immediate measures to develop the industry and boost the economic growth of the state.
- Ashwini Malhotra, Chairman, CII Maharashtra State Office & MD, Weikfield Foods
# The Congress-NCP government set the state on the development path. It would be good if Devendra Fadnavis can carry it forward. It will be a daunting task. I wish him all the best.
- Prithviraj Chavan, former CM

Gold futures down at Rs 26 775 per 10 gmGold futures down at Rs 26,775 per 10 gm
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 31:  
Gold prices fell 0.11 per cent to Rs 26,775 per 10 grams at the futures trade today as speculators indulged in trimming positions amid weak cues from global market and subdued domestic demand.
On the Multi Commodity Exchange, gold for delivery in February eased Rs 30 or 0.11 per cent to Rs 26,775 per 10 grams in a business turnover of 23 lots.
Likewise, the metal for delivery in December shed Rs 23 or 0.09 per cent to Rs 26,580 per 10 grams in 585 lots.
Analysts said a weak trend in overseas market as the US Federal Reserve ended its asset-purchase programme amid signs of an improving economy, eroding the demand for precious metals, put pressure on gold prices at the futures trade here.
Besides, a weak trend at the domestic physical market on slackened demand following the end of festive season, weighed on the prices, they said.
Globally, the yellow metal lost 1.03 per cent to trade at $1,186.50 an ounce in Singapore today, the lowest since October 6.
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

IT stocks can return 15-20%  | Infy tops 4K; hits life high on a recovering US economyYou are here: Home > Collections
Analysts see upside in reasonably valued IT stocks
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 31, 2014, 03.34PM IST
(Most of the IT companies…)
MUMBAI: The BSE IT Index is on an upward trajectory. It has gained momentum for fourth straight session and is a little over 300 points away from an all-time high. IT major Infosys has hit a fresh all-time high and breached Rs 4,000 mark as investors lapped up technology stocks on optimism over the US economic recovery. Hectic buying action was seen in TCS, Wipro, and HCL Tech as well.
Most of the IT companies have said on record that FY15 will be better than FY14 due to improvement in business environment. The US Federal Reserve has ended its quantitative easing program on the back of improving US economy.
"The Fed's language was on expected lines. Beyond that, what it does highlight to us is that the US economy is doing fine. It is not great, but it is fine. Clearly, the US economy doing fine is particularly good for Asia within an EM context. It is much better for Asia than it is for Latin America or even for EMEA," said Markus Rosgen, Asia-Pacific Equity Strategist, Citi, to ET Now.
According to analysts, improving US economy and a weak rupee due to strengthening US dollar bode well for the Indian IT companies. "Overall demand environment remains positive, technology spent remains positive and the rupee environment also looks reasonably stable. So they will tend to be positive for IT companies," said Vikas Khemani of Edelweiss.
He is bullish on smaller companies such as Tech Mahindra and Persistent Systems compared to larger companies. Valuations of most Indian IT companies are 14 to 16 times, which is reasonable, they say.
"The IT valuations are reasonable or fair. They are not at premium as pharma or consumer names, nor are they very cheap," said P Phani Sekhar, Fund Manager-PMS, Angel Broking. Investors can expect decent gains in the IT sector in the medium to long term, says Gaurang Shah, VP, Geojit BNP Paribas Financial Services. "The upside as of now what we are working is about 15% to 20% on medium to long term kind of time horizon," Shah told ET Now. He is bullish on TCS, Infosys, HCL Tech, Tech Mahindra, Persistent Systems and MindTree.
Meanwhile, Khemani expects some slowdown in the IT sector due to sector rotation as rate sensitives start picking momentum. "As some slowdown in IT was seen this results season, some amount of sectoral rotation will happen. We have seen a fair bit of investors sort of churning out of IT and are looking for other sectors," Khemani said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mahindra Q2 net profit down 4%  hit by poor ...Mahindra & Mahindra Q2 PAT down 4.33% at Rs 946.63 crore
PTI Oct 31, 2014, 02.14PM IST
Tags:
Mahindra
(The auto major had posted…)
MUMBAI: Homegrown auto major Mahindra & Mahindra (M&M) today reported 4.33 per cent decline in standalone profit after tax (PAT) at Rs 946.63 crore for the second quarter ended September 30.
The auto major had posted a PAT of Rs 989.5 crore during the same period a year ago.
On a standalone basis, net sales during July-September quarter stood at Rs 9,418.10 crore, up 6.84 per cent from Rs 8,814.33 crore earlier, Mahindra & Mahindra said in a filing to the BSE.
During the quarter under review, revenue from automotive segment stood at Rs 6,135.69 crore, an increase of 6.14 per cent as compared to Rs 5,780.52 crore in same quarter a year ago.
While, revenue from farm equipment in Q2 of FY15 was at Rs 3,406.73 crore, up 8.23 per cent as against Rs 3,147.64 in the corresponding year-ago period.
Shares of the company were trading 2.29 per cent up at Rs 1,317.15 per scrip during afternoon session on the BSE.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Shiv Sena to skip swearing-in  but backs BJP on  lavish  ceremonyComments
Shiv Sena may be boycotting the swearing-in ceremony of Devendra Fadnavis, but the party Friday defended the BJP over the lavish ceremony saying this will "wash off sins" of the previous government.
BJP National President Amit Shah with Maharashtra CM-designate Devendra Fadnavis during their meeting at his residence in New Delhi. ( Sonu Mehta/HT Photo)
"You (Congress and NCP) have looted Maharashtra in your 15-year-rule and siphoned off thousands of crores of public money. If you are now speaking about a huge amount of money being spent on the oath-taking ceremony, it is nothing but hilarious," the Sena said in an editorial in its mouthpiece 'Saamana'.
Sharad Pawar's NCP, which has already extended outside support to the BJP, had on Thursday lashed out at the saffron party for holding a mega swearing-in ceremony for Fadnavis.
NCP spokesperson Nawab Malik had tweeted: "A party with a difference, hence the most lavish oath-taking ceremony in the history of Maharashtra government formation."  
Earlier, the Congress had on Wednesday accused the BJP of 'compromising' the dignity of the swearing-in ceremony and said the saffron party has turned the event into a festival. "The decorum and seriousness of the swearing-in has been lost," Congress spokesman Anant Gadgil had said.
However, the Sena described the oath-taking ceremony as being held to wash away "sins of the previous government."  
"Maharashtra is saddled with a debt of Rs. 3.5 lakh crore. Why this huge debt? The debt is the result of the (Congress-NCP) coalition government of the last 15 years. Today's ceremony is to wash off the sins committed by them. Organising this ceremony will incur some costs. Since it marks the end of the ego and corruption of the previous government, people will not mind the cost," it said.
The new chief minister should ensure that industrialists who reside in Maharashtra play their part in the state's development and create job opportunities for people, the Sena said.
"We extend our heartfelt greetings to the new chief Minister. Bring good days for Maharashtra and rule happily. This is only what we expect from you," it added.

More than Make in India  Modi govt should concentrate on Made in IndiaHi Guest
'More than Make in India, Modi govt should concentrate on Made in India'
What started as a small personal care products company is now one of the most successful FMCG brands in south India. Yes, we are talking about CavinKare, a household brand that most Indians cherish. Started by C K Ranganathan (left) in 1983 with a humble investment, is now a Rs 1,250 crore (Rs 12.50 billion) company with around 5,000 employees and has a hefty market share both in cosmetics and dairy segments. Both cosmetic and dairy products are a big hit not only in the domestic market but ...

Union Bank Q2 net up 78% at Rs 371 crUnion Bank Q2 net up 78% at Rs 371 cr
Our Bureau
Arun Tiwari, CMD, Union Bank of India
Mumbai, Oct 31:  
Union Bank of India reported a 78 per cent jump in net profit during the July to September period at Rs 371 crore helped by write-back, lower provisioning and healthy non-interest income.
“The sharp increase in profit was due to Rs 140 crore received by the public sector bank as write back of income tax,” said Arun Tiwari, Chairman and Managing Director, Union Bank of India.
Net interest income (different between interest income and expended) increased by a moderate 7 per cent to Rs 2,085 crore as against Rs 1,954 crore in the same quarter last year. However, non-interest income for the second quarter rose 33 per cent to Rs 812 crore from Rs 611 a year ago.
During the quarter provisions declined 16 per cent to Rs 785 crore from Rs 937 crore in the second quarter FY14.
Tepid growth
As on September 30, 2014, domestic advances grew 9 per cent to Rs 226,011 crore, while domestic deposits rose 4 per cent.
“Our growth came from retail, agriculture and MSME, while corporate growth was flat as business growth remains subdued,” Tiwari said.
He added that the credit and deposit growth is likely to be at 11-12 per cent and 9-10 per cent for FY15, while (gross) NPAs will be contained at 4 per cent.
Gross non-performing assets (NPAs) worsened to 4.69 per cent as on September 30, 2014 as against 3.64 per cent as on September 30, 2013. Net NPAs also increased to 2.71 per cent from 2.15 per cent.
Though the bank made recovery of assets worth Rs 516 crore, the slippages into bad loans were at Rs 1,968 crore.
Net interest margins dropped to 2.56 per cent from 2.58 per cent in September quarter last year due to proportionately higher cost of funds. “We target NIM of 2.8-2.9 per cent for the full year,” Tiwari said.
The shares of Union Bank of India ended at Rs 225.50, 0.58 per cent higher over its previous close on BSE.
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

State Banks  staff union meet in Mangalore on Nov 1 & 2State Banks' staff union meet in Mangalore on Nov 1 & 2
A J Vinayak
Tweet
Mangalore, Oct 31:  
The 12th triennial general council meeting of State Banks’ Staff Union (Karnataka) will be conducted in Mangalore on November 1 and 2.
Addressing presspersons in Mangalore on Friday, M C Mangsuli, President of Karnataka unit of the union, said that Ashwini Mehra, Deputy Managing Director of State Bank of India, will participate at the inauguration of the programme.
He said that the State Banks’ Staff Union (SBSU) is representing around 99.99 per cent of the clerical and subordinate staff working in 700-plus branches of State Bank of India in Karnataka.
Various issues related to banking sector will be discussed at the meeting, he said.
Though the discussions on wage revision in banking industry under the 10th bipartite agreement are underway for more than two years, there are no signs of reaching an early settlement.
To achieve some of the demands, the United Forum of Bank Unions (of which SBSU is a part) has chalked out various programmes. The United Forum of Bank Unions will stage a one-day strike on November 12 in the country. This will be followed by relay strikes at zonal-level from December 2 to 5, Mangsuli added.
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

Union Bank registers 78% hike in Q2 profitUnion Bank registers 78 per cent jump in Q2 profit
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 31, 2014  | 15:03 IST
Photo: Reuters
Public sector Union Bank of India on Friday reported a 78.4 per cent rise in net profit at Rs 371.34 crore for the second quarter ended September 30.
The bank had a net profit of Rs 208.12 crore in the July-September quarter of 2013-14 fiscal.
Net interest income for the quarter rose by 6.7 per cent to Rs 2,085 crore, from Rs 1,954 crore in the year ago period, Union Bank said in a filing to the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).
Gross non-performing assets (NPA) as a percentage of total advances stood at 4.69 per cent as on September September 2014, against 3.64 per cent in September 2013.
Net interest margin stood at Rs 2.60 per cent in the September quarter.
Total income rose to Rs 8,754.69 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2014, from Rs 7,882.29 crore in the year ago period.
Shares of Union Bank were trading at Rs 223.15, down 0.47 per cent over previous close on the BSE at 2:39 pm.

Bangalore: Teacher arrested for alleged sexual assault of 6-year-oldgirlPrint
By: Press Trust of India | Bangalore | Posted: October 31, 2014 2:38 pm | Updated: October 31, 2014 2:44 pm
A teacher was on Friday arrested for the alleged sexual assault of a six-year-old girl at a school here, as protests erupted with parents demanding answers from the institution which was found to have flouted safety norms.
The teacher, detained for questioning after the complaint was lodged on Thursday by the victim’s mother, was arrested after he admitted to his guilt during “thorough” questioning, police officials said.
“He has been arrested,” Joint Commissioner of Police Hemant Nimbalkar informed.
Additional Commissioner of Police (Law and Order) Alok Kumar, “We have thoroughly questioned him.”
Police are “fairly sure” about the detained person’s involvement, Kumar said, adding “the person is a teacher in the school; he has been with the school for a long time. We have questioned him and he has admitted to his guilt.”
The girl, studying in the first standard, was allegedly sexually assaulted twice by the accused on October 28 and 29 within the school premises.
Police had booked a case under Sections 376 of IPC and 5 and 6 of Protection of Children from Sexual Offences Act 2012.
Sec 376 of IPC relates to rape and Sections 4 and 6 of POCSO Act to punishment for penetrative sexual assault and punishment for aggravated penetrative sexual assault, respectively.
Meanwhile, protest broke out in front of the school, where parents and other social organisations demanded answers from its authorities and that police handover the accused to them.
Kumar said the school had not implemented safety measures prescribed by the authorities.

Burkina Faso president wont resign afterprotestsBurkina Faso Police clash with protesters as they protest against their longtime president that seeks another term in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso. (Source: AP)
By: Associated Press | Ouagadougou (burkina Faso) | Posted: October 31, 2014 2:34 pm
Burkina Faso’s longtime leader refused to resign Thursday in the face of violent protests that posed the greatest threat to his nearly three-decade rule, saying instead he will lead a transitional government after parliament was dissolved.
Protesters stormed the parliament building and set part of it ablaze in a day of violence around the country to stop a parliamentary vote that would have allowed President Blaise Compaore to seek a fifth term in office. At least one person was killed and several others were wounded amid the melee, authorities said, and a curfew was put in place from 7 p.m. to 6 a.m. A state of emergency was imposed for several hours but lifted late Thursday.
In a concession to the protesters, the government withdrew the bill from consideration. But the move did not placate the protesters, and Army Gen. Honore Traore, the joint chief of staff, later announced that government and parliament had been dissolved and a new, inclusive government would be named.
After hours of confusion about whether Compaore would hold on to power or even where he was, the president spoke briefly on television and radio to stay he was still in charge and would not step down.
“I am available to open discussions with all parties,” he said in a recorded address. The transitional government will include representatives from all sides and work to hold elections within 12 months.
It was unclear if the opposition would agree to join a unity government, and the unrest unleashed Thursday underscored the threat Compaore now faces as frustrations mount in one of the world’s poorest countries. In a sign of the growing unrest, crowds also attacked the homes of government ministers and looted shops in the country’s second-largest city, Bobo Dioulasso, witnesses said.
“It is over for the regime!” and “We do not want him again!” shouted demonstrators when they heard that the vote on term limits had been stopped.
Flames enveloped the main building in the parliament complex, and many lawmakers fled to a nearby hotel.
“It is difficult to say what happens next, but things are out of control because the demonstrators do not listen to anyone,” said Ablasse Ouedraogo, an opposition lawmaker.
The images of cars on fire and plumes of black smoke in the capital of Ouagadougou prompted alarm from the international community. United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon called on all parties to end the violence, and is “saddened over the loss of life resulting from recent events,” a statement said. Mohamed Ibn Chambas, a U.N. Special Representative, said he “deplores the deterioration of the security situation” and is scheduled to visit the country Friday.
In a bid to restore continued…

1984 anti-Sikh riot victims demand increase incompensationPrint
In this File Photo, 1984 riot widows demonstrating against Congress leaders Sajjan Kumar and Jagdish Tytler at Bangala Sahib Gurudwara in New Delhi on November 21, 1996. (Express Archive Photo: Arvind Yadav)
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 31, 2014 2:31 pm | Updated: October 31, 2014 2:40 pm
A delegation of victims of the 1984 anti-Sikh riots have urged Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh to further increase the amount of compensation given to them.
The delegation, led by Shiromani Akali Dal (Badal) national vice president Onkar Singh Thapar, met the Home Minister at his residence Friday morning and put forth their demands.
The Narendra Modi Government on Thursday announced to give Rs five lakh each to the next of kin of 3,325 victims of the anti-Sikh riots triggered after assassination of the then Prime Minister Indira Gandhi by her Sikh bodyguards on October 31, 1984.
“We have also come here to thank Mr Rajnath Singh for increasing the compensation. However, we demand that compensation amount be increased up to Rs 20 lakh or Rs 25 lakh,” Thapar said.
During the meeting, the victims also demanded that the pension, which is being given to them, be increased from existing Rs 2,500 to Rs 5,000.
“There are still some accused of anti-Sikh riots who are roaming free. We have also demanded that they immediately be punished. We won’t sit silent until they are punished,” Thapar added.
In 2006, the UPA government led by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had announced a package of Rs 717 crore which included monetary compensation of Rs 3.5 lakh to each killed in the riots besides financial assistance to injured and those who had lost their property.
Out of this only Rs 517 crore were spent and the remaining Rs 200 crore could not be distributed because of dispute over claimants.
The most affected were the Sikh neighbourhoods in Delhi.
Some of the riot cases are still continuing in courts and many Sikh organisations have alleged that the key conspirators of the violence were at large and victims have not yet got justice.
"We have also come here to thank Rajnath Singh for increasing the compensation, " said Thapar.

PM Narendra Modi to launch BJP membership drivetomorrowPrime Minister Narendra Modi will launch the membership drive on Saturday.
Written by Milind Ghatwai | Bhopal | Posted: October 31, 2014 2:27 pm
Basking in the recent electoral success, the BJP on Friday announced a massive exercise to increase the party base by launching on Saturday a new membership drive.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will launch the membership drive by releasing a toll-free number.
BJP President Amit Shah said the party planned to increase existing membership by four times by setting targets for different units. Madhya Pradesh alone has been given the target of two crore members.
Shah was in Bhopal to address a Karyakarta Sankalp Adhiveshan ahead of elections to local bodies. The Gujarat leader was supposed to address the convention on Thursday but could not make it due to the political situation in Maharashtra. He said the drive will focus on areas where the party is weak or has no organizational base.
Insisting that BJP alone had internal democracy unlike most other parties that were dynastic in nature with some having constitution that ensured lifelong presidentship, Shah said his party elected leaders periodically. But more than the organizational elections, the new membership drive aims at expanding its base in states where the party has to make up ground.
Lavishing praise on MP Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan, who was once projected as a counter to Narendra Modi, the BJP chief said MP had presented an example of coordination between the government and the organization (sangathan). MP was fast moving towards getting a Welfare State tag, he said.
During Shah’s speech a section of party workers repeated raised slogans in favour of Chouhan but the BJP president appeared to ignore the noise.

Batman v Superman forces Gal Gadot to pass on Ben HurroleActress Gal Gadot has reportedly passed on the role of female lead in 'Ben Hur' remake due to scheduling conflict.
By: Press Trust of India | Los Angeles | Posted: October 31, 2014 2:25 pm
Actress Gal Gadot has reportedly passed on the role of female lead in ‘Ben Hur’ remake due to scheduling conflict.
Gadot’s shooting schedule for ‘Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice’ forced her abandon the role, which she had been circling to star in for Paramount and MGM, according to the Hollywood Reporter.
Gadot plays Wonder Woman in Zack Snyder’s ‘Batman v Superman’, and is signed on to appear as the DC superhero in a number of Warner Bros’ films, including a solo adventure and a series of Justice League movies.
‘Ben Hur’, a reboot of the 1959 Charlton Heston classic, will have Jack Huston as the Jewish prince who is betrayed by his best friend. Gadot was to play Ben Hur’s love interest, a slave named Esther.

Why social media is more than a branding mediumWhy social media sites are more than a branding medium for retailers
Avinder Batra, ET Bureau Oct 31, 2014, 02.19PM IST
Tags:
branding medium
(Social networking sites…)
NEW DELHI: Social networking websites are no longer just advertisement boards for retailers; they are fast emerging as drivers of growth for both online and brick-and-mortar stores .
"About a quarter of our business sales and growth today are dependent upon social networking sites," said Manav Narula, general manager, marketing, at Fashionandyou.com. "By the first quarter 2015, we aim to achieve 30% sales from social platforms." The company's strategy to reach out to loyal fans first with special offers has increased the interaction on the website by 10%, Narula added.
With people increasingly taking to social networking platforms—nearly 55% of the Internet population is on Facebook today with mobile sharing also picking up at a faster pace—brands have started using fan base, number of website visitors, comments, feedbacks and new launches on social websites as tools to gauge their success.
In the last three months, online food delivery company foodpanda.com has increased traffic to its website by 60% while fashionandyou has managed to log 20% month-on-month growth on a subscriber base of 1.3 million, data from the companies showed.
Similarly, online fashion store Jabong reached the three million subscriber mark last month and is growing at 10% per month. For FabFurnish.com, social networking accounts for around a fifth of the company's overall revenue, the online store said.
The potential of offers going viral among customers is much higher and more economical on Facebook, Instagram and other social sites.
"They help us reach out to a large audience for products and special offers, help build brand image and install more product information by showing product utility in comprehensive ways," explains Vikram Chopra, founder and CEO, Fabfurnish.com. "In short, it works in our favour to make the brand stand out. Word of mouth on social media holds a big impact and we've seen it work great to create a loyal customer base."
The traffic on Fabfurnish has increased 20-25% while its revenue has gone up by 8-12% in the last three months.
"Not only has social media got more entrenched in everyday lives of consumers, there has been an evolution in ways of engaging with it as well. Social media is increasingly influencing and inspiring retail purchases in many more ways with innovations like 'social shopping' etc," says Pragya Singh, associate vice-president, retail & consumer products at Technopak Advisors.
But is it beneficial for e-tailers (physical stores) also?
"Yes, we have been able to reach out to more people and showcase our collections, which generate interest," says Narinder Singh, MD, Numero Uno Clothing Ltd. "We get a lot of enquiries for products, pricing and store location information that helps us direct people to the stores. Customers can also locate our stores on google maps."
According to Singh of Technopak, social media can be tapped by both e-tailers and brick & mortar formats. While it is easier for e-tailers to do so, brick & mortar formats can tap into its potential in the following ways:
- Identify target consumers and their preferred social channels and create buzz to increase in-store traffic
- Encourage social engagement in the store - this will be based on the store and its product category e.g. A retailer used Pinterest fan base to identify popular products, which were then promoted in store
- Incorporate social media into CRM initiatives
Conclusion
Social commerce is in a nascent stage but can be a significant trend going forward. By enabling people to connect where they buy and buy where they connect, shopping and socialising are converging in the online world.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nifty hits 8300; Sensex@30k in 60 days Yes  say experts | Top betsYou are here: Home > Collections
Sensex ends day at record high, seen on track to hit 30,000 in 60 days
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 31, 2014, 03.40PM IST
(Analysts at top brokerage…)
NEW DELHI: Both S&P BSE Sensex and Nifty made fresh highs today, surging nearly 2 per cent each in trade on Friday. The 30-share index ended the day at 27,865.83, up 519.50 points, or 1.90 per cent. The Nifty shut shop at 8322.20, up 153 points, or 1.87 per cent.
The Sensex hit its fresh lifetime high of 27,894.32 in intraday trade, while the 50-share Nifty index rose over 150 points to make its all-time high of 8,330.75.
Strong macro environment, reform push by the new government and falling inflation have already boosted the Sensex by over 30 per cent so far in the year 2014. But analysts at Dalal Street see further upside in the index up to the levels of 30,000 by the December-end and over 35,000 in the next one year.
Analysts at top brokerage firms firmly believe that we are in a bull market and equities will remain the best asset class in the next couple of years, provided global markets remain stable.
The markets have been on an upward trajectory since the last few days on the back of renewed vigor shown by the government to initiate reforms, apart from lower crude prices, lower inflation, supportive global cues and decent earnings, say experts.
Vikas Khemani of Edelweiss Financial Services believes that from the medium to long-term perspective, India remains one of the best markets to be in and equity remains one of the best asset classes to be invested into.
Expectations are running high given the fact that macros have stabalised and growth has bottomed out. And with the rate cycle set to reverse and more reforms gets implemented, the Indian markets may well be on top of the list of FIIs despite global concerns.
Though the quantitative easing ended on Wednesday, but the Federal Reserve is keeping the 'considerable period of time' stance for raising interest rates until it sees more improvement in the economy, which cheered the markets.
"Taking cues from the same, the BSE Sensex and the Nifty hit fresh highs and we are expecting further upside from the current levels as this move of the Fed has surely boosted the confidence of retail as well as global investors," said Vivek Gupta,CMT - Director Research, CapitalVia Global Research Limited.
"As the Nifty is further looking bullish on charts and fundamentals also seem to be supportive, slight correction might be on the way. But the overall upswing is likely to occur till Nov expiry. Our targets for the Nifty till December are 8400 & 8700 and for the Sensex, 30000 can be the golden figure," he added.
The slowdown in growth rates has dampened the sentiment quite a bit not just for Indian markets, but across the globe. But one thing which experts feel very firmly is the fact that India happens to be in a sweet spot and the whole India story remains intact.
India has managed to hold onto its macro factors compared with the rest of the emerging market economies and that will aide capital flow. They have also managed to push through key economic reforms.
 
After the recent diesel price deregulation, the government on Wednesday eased overseas investment rules in construction to attract money into the funds-starved sector and serve its twin objectives of faster job creation and housing for all.
"Economic indicators such as inflation, factory output, crude oil and other commodity prices are reflecting favorable numbers, which would further keep the market at comfortable levels in the coming month," said Tushar Pendharkar, Equity Strategist, Right Horizons.
Most analysts see the index hitting the levels above 30000-35000 in the next one year, which gives an upside of 10-28 per cent from the current levels. However, it will not be easy for the Indian markets to maintain the momentum considering the fact that the US might just increase rates amid global economic slowdown.
"India would be very unlikely impacted by the Fed decision in the near term. However, I believe that the Indian economy would be inversely proportional to domestic inflation and international crude oil prices, but in both the cases the trend is under control and outlook looks positive for the economy," adds Pendharkar.
But brokers are hopeful for a smart rally on the bourses. According to a survey conducted by ET, the Sensex is on track to hit levels above 30000-35000 by next Diwali or by the end of next one year, while the 50-share Nifty index could record levels of 8500 in the next 12 months.
According to an ET Now survey of 15 brokerage firms, 80 per cent of the respondents surveyed see the Nifty index trading above 8500 levels by next Diwali, while 13 per cent see the index hovering in the range of 8000-8500. Only 7 per cent of the respondents see the index moving in the range of 7500-8000.
According to the survey, 33 per cent of respondents are of the view that the Sensex could see the levels above 35000 by next Diwali, while 50 per cent see the index trading in the range of 30000-35000. Only 17 per cent of the respondents see the index hovering in the range of 26000-30000.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Congress ends alliance with JMM in JharkhandComments
The Congress broke off its alliance with the ruling Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) on Friday after sharing power for about 16 months, boosting the chances of the BJP which has seen a string of electoral successes this year.
The separation came after strong disagreement over sharing of seats for the five-phase polls scheduled to begin on November 25 in the tribal-dominated state.
Chief minister Hemant Soren, JMM’s most powerful young face, announced that his party would take this as an opportunity to prove its mettle by contesting all 81 assembly seats, accusing the Congress of ditching him at the last minute. Congress leaders said the party would contest the election along with RJD and JD(U).
“It had become imperative for us to separate in the larger interest of our party and senior leaders,” said Congress’ general secretary and Jharkhand in-charge B K Hariprasad.
Congress insiders said the JMM was unwilling to part with a few seats, mainly Ghatsila, Jamtara and Pakur. “They pressurised us to contest only 41 seats. We agreed. Even then they ditched us at the last moment. The Congress’s move is apparently aimed at giving the BJP a walkover,” said JMM vice-president Vinod Pandey.
“Keep watching the developments as they unfold in our favour,” said an elated Raghuvar Das, a probable chief ministerial candidate for BJP.
Alliance talks between the Congress’s and Babulal Marandi’s JVM-P also fell through on Friday reportedly over seat sharing. The JMM-Congress split has also cast doubts over the continuation of the Hemant Soren government. Both the Congress and the RJD are reportedly planning to withdraw support pushing the government into minority, which would mean polls will be held under President’s rule.
JMM insiders said Soren may not wait for the withdrawal of support and choose to resign.

Nifty Hits 8 300 in Record-Setting Rally  Sensex Surges Over 450 PointsYou are here: Home Market
Sensex Surges Over 400 Points to Set New Records, Nifty Nears 8,300
NDTV | Updated On: October 31, 2014 12:57 (IST)
IVRCL Allots First Tranche of Shares to CDR Lenders
BSE Sensex and Nifty surged to fresh highs for the second consecutive day, buoyed by the positive momentum from the recent reform measures announced by the government and higher global markets.
Sensex rose over 400 points to a new high of 27,759 while Nifty surged over 120 points to a record high of 8,291. ( Track shares )
The rupee on Friday rose to 61.35 per dollar versus its previous close of 61.45 as stronger local domestic markets boosted the Indian currency.
The rupee has remained in the 61-62/dollar band despite the dollar's rally against global currencies after the US Federal Reserve's optimistic view about the US economy.
Boosting the sentiment, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley yesterday said India's economy is expected to do better in the second half of the fiscal year to March 2015, adding that he expected to hit his revenue target. Hopes are now rising that the RBI may be able to ease monetary policy as early as its next meeting in December given a slowdown in consumer price growth.
(See: Arun Jaitley Sees Better Growth in Second Half of FY15 )
The rally in Indian markets has also been fuelled by a sharp drop in global crude prices, which have hit a four-year low. The fall in Brent crude means significant savings for the Indian economy, which is likely to narrow both the current account deficit and the fiscal deficit.
Foreign investors have also turned big buyers of Indian equities in the past few sessions after staying away for most part of this month. Yesterday, they bought Indian equities worth Rs 1,257 crore adding to the Rs 755 crore purchase on October 29.
(See: Moody's Welcomes India's Policy Steps, But Wants to See More )
With today's gains, Sensex and Nifty have risen for the ninth time in the past 10 sessions. The sharp gains have made some analysts cautious. "The Nifty has broken out of the 7800-8100 range and could rise to 8300-8350 levels. But it comes with the risk of a deeper correction," says market analyst Ambareesh Baliga.
IT stocks led the gains today on higher-than-expected growth in US economy, the biggest market for Indian outsourcers. Data released yesterday showed US economy grew a better-than-expected 3.5 per cent in the third quarter. Infosys, TCS, Tech Mahindra, and HCL Tech were up 1-2 per cent. Banking and financial services stocks also gained on hopes of earlier-than-expected rate cuts from RBI. State Bank of India, Bank of Baroda, and HDFC Bank rose between 1.5-2 per cent.
Asian shares ticked higher on Friday as investors cheered upbeat US growth data. Wall Street surged late in the session on Thursday, after data showed surprisingly strong third-quarter U.S. economic growth as the trade gap narrowed. (With Agency Inputs)
Story first published on: October 31, 2014 12:57 (IST)

HB Portfolio to hold board meetingHB Portfolio to hold board meeting
Sensex up nearly 400 pts as heavyweights rallySensex up nearly 400 pts as heavyweights rally
Japan shares soar after BOJ stuns with more easing stepsJapan shares soar after BOJ stuns with more easing steps
IDFC to make more provisions in run-up to banking forayIDFC to make more provisions in run-up to banking foray
Devendra Fadnavis to be sworn in as Maharashtra CM todayDevendra Fadnavis to be sworn in as Maharashtra CM today
M&M inches up after resultsM&M inches up after results
M&M Q2 in-line; profit falls 4.3%M&M Q2 in-line; profit falls 4.3%
Growth is still there which is good. should show in qtrs to comeCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Stake sale is going to be happned Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Master ji contract note par chup kyo jo jate ho yaar   koi reply nahi ...New Member
143 Followers
Reposted about 36 days 13 hrs 24 min 54 sec ago by METHA SECURITYS and 1 others
master ji contract note par chup kyo jo jate ho yaar , koi reply nahi dete nahi contract note dikhate ho ho high low par trade karke profit karvate ho ??
3.05 PM Oct 31st

Sensex soars 437 points on economic reforms  healthy corporate earningsSensex zooms 519 points to new record-high of 27,866; Nifty jumps 153 points
Our Bureau/Agencies
Continued buying by foreign funds as well as retail investors, triggered by a series of economic reforms undertaken by the Narendra Modi-led government and strong earnings by blue-chip companies, lifted the key indices to new highs.
Economic reforms, healthy corporate earnings drive the market rally
Mumbai, Oct 31:  
The Sensex and the Nifty touched new record-highs of 27,865.83 and 8,322.20, respectively on sustained fund inflows, driven by a slew of economic reforms announced by the government amid optimism over strong corporate earnings.
The 30-share BSE index Sensex soared 519.50 points or 1.9 per cent at 27,865.83 and the 50-share NSE index Nifty jumped 153 points or 1.87 per cent at 8,322.20.
Brokers said continued buying by foreign funds as well as retail investors, triggered by a series of economic reforms undertaken by the Narendra Modi-led government and strong earnings by blue-chip companies, drove the market rally.
Barring consumer durables, all other BSE sectoral indices ended significantly in the green. Among them, capital goods index gained the most by 2.66 per cent, followed by India infrastructure index 2.38 per cent, oil & gas 2.19 per cent and PSU 2.08 per cent. Only consumer durables index was down 3.18 per cent.
GAIL, Tata Power, HDFC, L&T and Tata Steel were the top five gainers among 30-share Sensex constituents, while Bharti Airtel was the only loser.
Global market
World shares jumped and the yen fell to a seven-year low against the dollar on Friday as the Bank of Japan surprised financial markets by significantly expanding its massive stimulus programme.
In a rare split decision, the BoJ’s board voted 5-4 to accelerate the purchases of Japanese government bonds so that its holdings increase at an annual pace of ¥80 trillion ($725 billion), up by ¥30 trillion.
The central bank also said that it would triple its purchase of exchange-traded funds and real-estate investment trusts (REITs), while sources said the government’s huge pension fund would more than double its holdings of domestic stocks.
For investors, the timing of the moves sent a strong signal, coming right as six years of aggressive US stimulus come to an end and just before the euro zone inflation data that is likely to keep the pressure on the European Central Bank to further ease its policy.
Tokyo’s Nikkei share index jumped almost 5 per cent in its biggest rise since June last year following the BoJ’s move, which it said was a pre-emptive strike at “a critical moment in the effort to break free from the deflationary mindset’’ in Japan.
European stocks opened up 1 per cent and US futures prices pointed to similar gains when trading resumes in New York. Stocks were lifted on Thursday by strong third quarter US GDP data and another round of upbeat earnings.
At 0900 GMT, the FTSEurofirst 300 index of top European shares was up 1.3 per cent at 1,344.18 points, extending a sharp two-week rally, while southern European government bonds also made ground.
Euro zone flash inflation data due at 1000 GMT will provide the next indicator of whether the ECB might feel compelled to step up its support for the bloc's beleaguered economy.
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

ICICI Bank Beats Estimates  Q2 Profit Up 15%You are here: Home Market
ICICI Bank Posts Record Q2 Profit, But Bad Loans Rise
Reuters | Updated On: October 30, 2014 18:36 (IST)
IVRCL Allots First Tranche of Shares to CDR Lenders
Mumbai: ICICI Bank Ltd, India's biggest private sector lender, reported a record quarterly profit on Thursday that beat analyst estimates, but bad loans rose and sent its shares lower.
Net profit rose 15 per cent to Rs 2,709 crore for its fiscal second quarter ended September 30, the Mumbai-based lender said in a statement. Analysts on average had expected a net profit of Rs 2,693 crore for ICICI Bank, which is also listed in New York.
Indian lenders are betting on a revival in economic growth under a new government to boost demand for corporate lending after credit growth hit a decade low, hurt by two straight years of less than 5 per cent economic expansion.
A Reuters poll of economists last week showed the economy is likely to grow 5.5 per cent during the current fiscal year to March, and 6.4 per cent the following year, as Prime Minister Narendra Modi implements reforms to attract investments.
Indian banks are expected to post a 16.4 per cent growth in revenue and a 22 per cent growth in net income over the next 12 months, according to Thomson Reuters SmartEstimates, which emphasises recent forecasts by top rated analysts, in what is the highest expected increase in the sector in Asia Pacific.
The optimism has made bank shares the best performers this year among peers in the Asia-Pacific region. However, high bad loans and huge capital requirements in the coming years has restrained the bullishness somewhat, although private sector lenders are seen better-placed than the dominant state-owned banks who account for more than two-thirds of assets.
ICICI's net non-performing loans as a percentage of total loans were 0.96 percent for the September quarter, compared with 0.87 percent in the previous quarter and 0.73 percent a year earlier.
Net interest income, the difference between interest earned and paid, grew 15 per cent on year in the September quarter to Rs 4,657 crore. Net interest margin rose to 3.42 per cent from 3.31 per cent a year earlier.
Retail loans grew 25 per cent annually, faster than a 14 per cent growth in total credit demand for the bank.
ICICI Bank shares were off half a percent at Rs 1,598 in Thursday afternoon trade, against a 0.8 per cent rise in the broader market.
Smaller private sector lenders Yes Bank Ltd and state-run Andhra Bank also reported net profit ahead of analyst estimates, sending their shares higher.
State-run Indian Overseas Bank posted a net loss of Rs 246 crore and a jump in bad loans, sending its shares down more than 6 percent.
Allahabad Bank, another state-run lender, reported its net profit almost halved.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

SAT to Decide on Letting DLF Sell Fund InvestmentsYou are here: Home Corporates
SAT to Decide on Letting DLF Sell Fund Investments
Reuters | Updated On: October 30, 2014 16:42 (IST)
Aviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
Mumbai: An appeals court on Thursday paved the way for DLF, the country's biggest property developer, to sell its mutual fund investments, providing relief to a debt-laden firm reeling after regulators stopped it tapping capital markets for three years.
The three-member Securities Appellate Tribunal (SAT) asked DLF to submit an affidavit by Monday stating the amount it wished to redeem in mutual fund investments. In its appeal document, DLF said it had more than Rs 2000 crore ($325 million) invested in these funds.
The tribunal said it would examine the request for redemptions and give approval next week, if there was no objection from the markets watchdog, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI).
Redemptions could help sustain the company's cash flow until December 31, Chief Financial Officer Ashok Tyagi told Reuters after the hearing, without specifying how much the company might raise.
However, the SAT has yet to give a final ruling on DLF's appeal against SEBI's ruling on October 13 barring the developer and its executives from capital markets for three years because of suspected violations in its 2007 listing disclosure.
The SAT said it would hold its next hearing on December 10. DLF is requesting temporary access to equity and debt capital markets while the appeals process continues.
"They (DLF) will still need to accelerate their asset sale programme. They are hardly generating any cash, and their cash-flow shortfall is so large that they will have to resort to large-scale asset sales if there is no interim relief on fund raising," said Anubhav Gupta, sector analyst at Maybank Kim Eng India.
As part of the appeals process, the tribunal also needs to decide if the company would be allowed to raise Rs 5000 crore in non-convertible debt.
DLF has argued SEBI's ruling should not apply to this fund-raising, since it was approved by its board prior to the regulator's ban.
The developer has $3.6 billion in debt and may be forced to sell assets - even unfinished projects - to meet debt obligations if it loses the appeal or if the process drags on, bankers and analysts have said.
DLF's cash to short-term debt ratio was 0.32 at end-March, Thomson Reuters data showed, which suggests its cash is not sufficient to repay debt maturing within a year.
The developer had free cash flow of Rs 518 crore for the fiscal year ended March 31, the lowest in four years, Thomson Reuters data showed.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014
Story first published on: October 30, 2014 16:38 (IST)

Apple s Tim Cook Is First Fortune 500 to Come Out as Gayapple s tim cook is first fortune 500 to come out as gay
Harley-Davidson launches 3 new bikes including CVO LimitedHarley-Davidson launches 3 new bikes including CVO Limited at Rs 49.23 lakh
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: November 2, 2014  | 10:20 IST
Harley-Davidson CFO Limited (Photo: www.harley-davidson.com)
American cult bike maker Harley-Davidson on Thursday expanded its portfolio in the country by launching three new bikes including the hand-crafted CVO Limited, priced at Rs 49.23 lakh (ex-showroom New Delhi).
With the launch of the three new models - Breakout, which is priced at Rs 16.28 lakh and the Street Glide Special, priced at Rs 29.70 lakh, Harley Davidson India now has a product line-up of 13 models in the domestic market, Harley-Davidson Managing Director Anoop Prakash said in Mumbai.
"Motorcycles launched today have always had an incredibly passionate following here. These latest offerings demonstrate Harley Davidson's commitment to delivering a world-class product that caters to our customers," he said.
Of the three new models, 'Breakout' would be assembled at the company's Bawal manufacturing facility in Haryana, while two of its other models namely the 'Street Glide Special' and the CVO, would be imported as completely built units, he said.
Presently, Harley-Davidson manufactures Street 750 at its Bawal plant, which is also exported to other markets, while nine other models are assembled and rest three models are imported, Prakash said.
Sounding bullish on the market, Prakash said that Harley-Davisdon has seen double digit growth in volumes, which is primarily driven by new aspiring customers and new product launches.
He said the company plans to set up two more dealerships, one each in Bangalore and Surat by this year end, which would take its total number of outlets to 17.
He said the company may look at making a foray into some tier-2 cities by next year.
Harley-Davidson would add hundreds of new genuine motor parts and accessories like jackets, boots, helmets, shirts etc to the shopping cart this year, he said.

Nilofar weakens into a low-pressure area  moderate rainfall in Naliya and BhujPrint
Written by Ritu Sharma | Ahmedabad | Posted: October 31, 2014 12:48 pm | Updated: October 31, 2014 1:10 pm
The severe cyclonic storm Nilofar that weakened into a depression over Northeast Arabian Sea, moved northeastwards and further weakened into a well-marked low-pressure area, as per the latest Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) reports.
As an effect, Naliya in the western part of Kutch district received rainfall on Friday morning. The moderate rainfall that started at around 9 am turned into a drizzle after an hour and half.
It also rained in Jakhau village, Jakhau port, Kothara and other villages of Abdasa taluka. Naliya taluka headquarter of Abdasa is around 90 km west of Kutch district headquarters Bhuj. The town is around 30 km away from shoreline and it is here that the cyclone is predicted to make landfall as a depression later on Friday night.
The weather changed in Bhuj too with dark clouds and rainfall reported in the morning. However, there were no reports of rain in other coastal talukas like Gandhidham and Mundra though a thick cloud cover prevailed.
The change in weather was also felt in Ahmedabad. While the residents enjoyed the cool morning breeze, the weather remained pleasant after a long wait for cooler days and onset of winter despite at the end of October.
The Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) has predicted moderate rainfall at many places over Kutch and Saurashtra during next 24 hrs. Squally wind speed reaching 35-45 kmph gusting to 55 kmph would prevail along and off Gujarat coast during next 24 hours.
Though sea condition along and off Gujarat coast will be moderate to rough during next 24 hours. Fishermen along and off Gujarat coast are advised not to venture into the sea during next 24 hours. Thousands of people have already been evacuated from coastal villages as a precautionary measure.

M&M reports 4 per cent fall in Q2 net profitM&M reports 4 per cent decline in Q2 net profit for FY15
Agencies     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 31, 2014  | 15:36 IST
During the reporting quarter, revenue from the automotive segment stood at Rs 6,135.69 crore. (Photo: Reuters)
Mahindra and Mahindra, the homegrown automaker, on Friday posted a 4.33 per cent drop in net profit for the quarter ended September 30, 2014, missing analyst estimates, after a poor and delayed monsoon hit demand for the company's tractors .
Mahindra, the country's largest utility vehicle maker, reported a net profit of Rs 947 crore ($154 million) for Q2 in the current fiscal compared with Rs 990 crore in the year-ago period, the automaker said on Friday.
Net sales of the company rose about 7 per cent to Rs 9,418 crore.
During the reporting quarter, revenue from the automotive segment stood at Rs 6,135.69 crore, an increase of 6.14 per cent as compared to Rs 5,780.52 crore in same quarter a year ago.
Meanwhile, revenue from farm equipment in Q2 of FY15 was at Rs 3,406.73 crore, up 8.23 per cent as against Rs 3,147.64 in the corresponding period in the previous fiscal.
Mahindra and Mahindra's scrip was trading 2.29 per cent up  at Rs 1,317.15 a piece during afternoon session on the Bombay Stock Exchange.

Samsung unveils Galaxy A5 and Galaxy A3smartphonesThe Galaxy A3 and A5 will be Samsung's first devices to feature fully metal bodies and its thinnest smartphones to date.
By: Reuters | Seoul | Posted: October 31, 2014 2:54 pm | Updated: October 31, 2014 3:00 pm
Samsung Electronics Co Ltd unveiled two new mid-tier handsets with a premium design as it prepared to deliver a riposte to its low-priced Chinese rivals and reclaim its title as the top brand in the world’s biggest smartphone market.
The Galaxy A3 and A5 will be Samsung’s first devices to feature fully metal bodies and its thinnest smartphones to date. In size, they are comparable to those of the top-of-the-line Galaxy S5, though of lesser screen resolution quality.
Samsung said on Friday that it will start selling the Galaxy A3 and A5 in China sometime in November. It classified them as mid-tier, and said they will be launched in other “select markets”, without disclosing the pricing.
The announcement, combined with hopes for an earnings recovery and bigger dividends, pushed Samsung’s shares to a two-month high in Seoul in midday trade on Friday.
The news comes a day after Samsung reported its worst quarterly operating profit in more than three years. Earnings from its handset division slumped 73.9 percent from a year earlier.
The company said its responses to “rapid shifts in the competitive landscape” were not quick enough. It vowed to revamp its offerings.
“For our mid to low-end smartphones we will enhance product competitiveness by differentiating our displays and materials as well as upgrading camera functionality,” Senior Vice President Kim Hyun-joon told analysts on Thursday.
The world’s smartphone leader is regrouping as it lost market share in annual terms for the third straight quarter in July-September, according to Strategy Analytics.
It has been beaten by Apple Inc’s iPhones in the premium segment and undercut by Chinese rivals like Lenovo Group Ltd and Xiaomi Inc at the bottom end.
Samsung will likely accept lower margins going forward to preserve market share and growth volume, analysts said. But most do not expect a firm recovery until mid-2015 at the earliest.
“A lineup change is a costly process, just like re-doing your home interior design,” said KTB Investment analyst Jin Sung-hye.
Galaxy A5 specs:

After Rishi Kapoor  another actor Lisa Haydon is down withdenguePrint
"Her mother has come from Mumbai to attend to her because she can't stand and walk. I feel, we have to admit her in the hospital," Kher said.
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 31, 2014 2:46 pm | Updated: October 31, 2014 4:34 pm
‘The Shaukeens’ leading lady Lisa Haydon is down with dengue and skipped the film’s promotion due to her poor health.
Lisa’s co-star Akshay, who is also the producer of the remake of the 1982 film of the same name, said she gave the promotion a miss to take care of her health.
“Lisa is very much in Delhi but she could not come for the promotions because she is suffering from dengue. She was supposed to come here for the promotion but she could not. She has apologised for not being able to make it to the event,” Akshay said during the promotion of ‘The Shaukeens’.
Anupam Kher, who is also a part of the film, said she was in hospital before and recovered too but she again fell ill. “Her mother has come from Mumbai to attend to her because she can’t stand and walk. I feel, we have to admit her in the hospital,” Kher said.
Also starring Piyush Mishra and Annu Kapoor, the film will hit theatres on November 7. The film is written by Tigmanshu Dhulia and directed by Abhishek Sharma.

Rising cyber crimes have magnified challenges: RajnathSinghPrint
The senior BJP leader said that the Home Ministry is taking all steps necessary for prevention of cyber crimes.
By: Press Trust of India | Hyderabad | Posted: October 31, 2014 2:45 pm | Updated: October 31, 2014 2:54 pm
Maintaining that growing cyber crimes have magnified challenges of the country, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh Friday said the government would soon strengthen the prevention strategy.
Addressing the passing out parade of 66th batch of IPS probationers at the Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel National Police Academy (SVP-NPA) here, Singh said the advent of internet and mobile phone has yielded toxic poison in the form of cyber crime, which has global ramifications.
“This has naturally magnified our challenges. Figures on cyber crime for 2013-14 reveal that it is increasing at the rate of 50 per cent per year, with Maharashtra, Uttar Pradesh and Andhra Pradesh being among the most affected states. North-Eastern states on the contrary, report almost no instances of cyber crime.”
“It is not necessary at all for a cyber criminal to reside in your town or country, as this is an act that can be committed from any remote corner of the world but can hit anyone, anywhere, anytime,” he said.
The senior BJP leader said that the Home Ministry is taking all steps necessary for prevention of cyber crimes and very soon the government shall further strengthen the Cyber Crime Prevention Strategy.
In view of increase in the number of cyber crimes and their ever newer dimensions, modernisation of police training and police organisation is highly imperative, he said, adding, “I assure you that our government shall take steps for implementing police reforms and expedite modernisation of police force without delay.”
Expressing concern that there were only 28 lady officer trainees among 128 officers passed out today, the minister stressed that they must account for more than 50 per cent.

350 national highways to have electronic toll plazas by December: Nitin GadkariDelhi-Mumbai highway
(The move will result in savings…)
NEW DELHI: As many as 350 toll plazas on national highways across the country will adopt the electronic tax collection method from December 31, resulting in savings worth Rs 34,000 crore, Union Minister of Road Transport and Highways Nitin Gadkari today said.
"By December 2015 we plan 350 Electronic Toll Collection (ETC) at all national highways across India which will help in savings of Rs 27,000 crore due to delays caused at tolls and Rs 7,000 crore worth of fuel will be saved," the minister said while unveiling the ETC system on Delhi-Mumbai highway through computerised mode from Delhi.
On the Delhi-Mumbai highway, Rs 1,200 crore worth of fuel will be saved annually after the installation of ETC, the minister said.
He added that there are 18 toll plazas on the Delhi-Mumbai National Highway and it takes about 10 minutes for the vehicles to pay the levy at these junctions resulting in 180 minutes or 3 hours of time loss during the total journey.
ETC has been installed at 55 Toll Plazas and their integration with Central Clearing House (CCH) operators has almost been completed on the Delhi-Mumbai route via Haryana, Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, Gujarat and Maharashtra.
A pilot project for interoperable ETC system of 10 toll plazas between Mumbai (Charoti) and Ahmedabad has already been tested and seamless ETC on this section is in operation.
The central government has issued orders to incorporate ETC lanes as a mandatory clause in the contracts awarded for all highways projects in future.
At present, there are some problems in collecting toll, including lack of uniform rates, throughout various sections of the national highways and many complaints of overcharging and undercharging.
For implementing ETC across the country, a new company under Company's Act, 1956, with equity participation from NHAI (25 per cent), concessionaires (50 per cent) and financial institutions (25 per cent) has already been constituted. The name of the new company is "Indian Highways Management Company Limited".
The company's objectives include collection of toll through ETC and manage the project and commercially provide services of central ETC system.
Necessary amendments have already been made in the Central Motor Vehicle Rules, 1989 for fitment of Radio Frequency Identification tag on vehicles for ETC.
FEATURED ARTICLES

2G: A Raja  Kanimozhi  Dayalu Ammal put on trial in money laundering case2G PMLA case
(As soon as the court pronounced…)
NEW DELHI: Former Telecom Minister A Raja , MP Kanimozhi, DMK supremo M Karunanidhi's wife Dayalu Ammal and 16 others were today put on trial in a 2G scam related case by a special court which observed that charges of money laundering are prima facie made out against all of them.
Special CBI Judge O P Saini framed charges under section 120B (criminal conspiracy) of the IPC and under the provision of the Money Laundering Act against 19 accused, including 10 individuals and nine companies, who were charge sheeted by the Enforcement Directorate (ED) in connection with the case.
"All charges are prima facie made out against each accused for laundering of money of Rs 200 crore from DB Group company to Kalaignar TV Pvt Ltd ," the judge said.
As soon as the court pronounced its order, the judge asked all the accused that whether they were pleading guilty to the offence or were claiming trial.
To this, all the accused said that they claim trial for the charges framed against them.
ED, in its charge sheet, had alleged that the accused were involved in the Rs 200-crore money transaction which was not "bonafide" and "genuine" and it was a "bribe for grant of telecom licences to DB Group companies" by Raja.
The agency had claimed that the series of transactions relating to transfer of Rs 200 crore from DB group company to DMK-run Kalaignar TV through Kusegaon Fruits and Vegetables Pvt Ltd and Cineyug Films Pvt Ltd were not "genuine business transaction".
Besides Raja, Kanimozhi and Dayalu Ammal, the other accused in the case are Shahid Usman Balwa, Vinod Goenka, Directors of Kusegaon Fruits and Vegetables Pvt Ltd Asif Balwa and Rajiv Agarwal, Sharad Kumar, Bollywood producer Karim Morani and P Amirtham.
Countering the allegations, Raja and Kanimozhi had argued that documents filed along with the ED's complaint nowhere show that they were connected with Rs 200-crore transaction from DB group to Kalaignar TV.
Similarly, other co-accused, including Swan Telecom Pvt Ltd promoters Shahid Usman Balwa and Vinod Goenka, had argued that there were no evidence to connect them with the alleged crime and its proceeds.
According to ED, Kanimozhi and co-accused Sharad Kumar, MD of Kalaignar TV, were having 20 per cent stake each in the TV channel while Dayalu Ammal was holding the rest 60 per cent stake. All the individual accused in the case are presently out on bail.
In its charge sheet, ED had claimed that its probe into the case emanates from the 2G spectrum allocation scam and the accused had allegedly conspired and committed offences under provisions of the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA).
ED has also named Swan Telecom Pvt Ltd, Kusegaon Realty Pvt Ltd (formerly known as Kusegaon Fruits and Vegetables Pvt Ltd), Cineyug Media and Entertainment Pvt Ltd (formerly known as Cineyug Films Pvt Ltd), Kalaignar TV Pvt Ltd, Dynamix Realty, Eversmile Construction Company Pvt Ltd, Conwood Constructions and Developers (P) Ltd, DB Realty Ltd and Nihar Constructions Pvt Ltd as accused in the case.
ED had alleged that its investigation has revealed that Rs 200 crore was paid to Kalaignar TV by Shahid Usman Balwa and Vinod Goenka through Kusegaon Fruits and Vegetables Pvt Ltd and Cineyug Films Pvt Ltd in the "garb of legitimate financial transactions i.e. as loan/share application money".
The charge sheet claimed that Rs 200 crore, which was paid in return for illegal favours given to Swan Telecom for grant of UAS licence, was repaid with additional money to show that it was a legal transaction.
FEATURED ARTICLES

China says its factory sector faces growth h...China says its factory sector faces growth headwinds
By Reuters | 31 Oct, 2014, 02.33PM IST
The Chinese economy has had a tough year, with growth falling to its lowest level since the 2008/09 global financial crisis between July and Sept.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BEIJING: Warning against undue optimism about China's export growth , the government said on Friday that the manufacturing sector in the world's second-largest economy is stable but faces downside risks.
"The recovery in the world economy remains tortuous. We cannot be optimistic about the export situation," Zheng Lixin, a spokesman for the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, told reporters at a briefing.
The Chinese economy has had a tough year, with growth falling to its lowest level since the 2008/09 global financial crisis between July and September, due to a sagging housing market and cooling domestic demand and investment.
"Some firms face operational difficulties, mainly reflected in a rise in overall costs, weak market demand, and difficulties in financing and high financing costs," the ministry's spokesman said.
As a result, he said the government would carry out "targeted" policy action previously announced and "take more forceful measures to safeguard steady industrial growth".
He said financing costs faced by manufacturers jumped 13.5 per cent between January and September compared with the year-earlier period, and were 5.6 per centage points higher than factories' revenue growth.
Interest expenditure climbed 11 per cent, 2.7 percentage points higher than firms' revenue growth.
To support economic growth, China has cut taxes, quickened some investment projects, lent short-term loans to banks, instructed local governments to spend their budgets and reduced the amount of deposits that some banks hold as reserves to spur lending.
But the raft of measures - which were issued over a space of a few months - failed to sustain growth momentum in the economy, prompting authorities to take one of their most drastic policy actions this year by cutting mortgage rates in September.
It was the first time that China had slashed mortgage rates since the global financial crisis.
Yet with some experts, including the World Bank , predicting that China's housing downturn could last for a few more quarters, many believe that the economic outlook remained uncertain.

Telecom Comm to discuss spectrum auction on ...You are here: Home > Collections > Mhz
Telecom Commission to discuss spectrum auction on November 7
PTI Oct 31, 2014, 02.29PM IST
Tags:
Airtel
(TRAI has recommended…)
NEW DELHI: Inter-ministerial panel Telecom Commission is scheduled to meet on November 7 to discuss next round of spectrum auction along with broadband project and TRAI's recommendation on indoor wireless telephony.
"TC is proposed to meet on November 7 to mainly discuss spectrum auction related issues, NOFN and TRAI's recommendation on cordless communications system," an official source said.
Telecom Regulatory Authority of India , on October 15, gave its recommendation on spectrum auction for premium 900 Mhz band and 1800 Mhz band that are presently being used for 2G GSM mobile services by Airtel , Vodafone, Idea Cellular and Reliance Communications .
Government has proposed to put for auction about 184 Mhz of spectrum in 900 Mhz band which is held by these companies through their various licences expiring in 2015-16. The four telecom operators will have to buy spectrum afresh to continue their services.
In 1800 Mhz, government has proposed to auction 104 Mhz of spectrum which included spectrum held by licences that are expiring in 2015-16 and unsold airwaves in February auction.
The regulator has already given its view on pricing of 800 Mhz band which is used for CDMA based mobile telephony.
In the coming days, telecom operators will be able to deploy 4G technology in all these spectrum band.
TRAI has recommended about 10 per cent higher base price for spectrum in 1800 Mhz band at Rs 2,138 crore for 18 out of 22 service areas.
It also suggested a price of Rs 3,004 crore per Mhz for the premium 900 Mhz band, in which mobile signal covered about twice more area than 1800 Mhz band and hence telecom operators will need to deploy less number of mobile towers for transmitting signals and thus save cost.
For CDMA spectrum, TRAI recommended reserve price of Rs 2,685 crore per megahertz, which is around 50 per cent higher than the pan-India base price fixed for its last auction held in March 2013.
DoT has proposed to auction about 57 Mhz of CDMA spectrum while TRAI has suggested that about 169 Mhz can be made available for the auction after taking back spectrum from public sector units BSNL and MTNL.
Government expects to raise a minimum of Rs 9,000 crore from auction of three sets of spectrum. An inter-ministerial panel of spectrum auction has suggested conducting auction in February but Airtel, Vodafone, Idea and RCom have written seeking deferring of auction till the time more spectrum, especially that of BSNL and MTNL, is made available.
DoT has also proposed discussing TRAI recommendation to free 20 Mhz of spectrum for cordless telephony for indoor and in small outdoor areas for communication that will reduce telecom bill expenses mainly for business organisations.
However, Defence Ministry has opposed the proposal of freeing up spectrum in the frequency band recommended by the regulator.
TC will also discuss the status of National Optical Fibre Network which is struggling to meet roll out target set by government.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Tencent and IBM to offer biz software over t...Tencent Holdings teams up with IBM to offer business software over the cloud
By Reuters | 31 Oct, 2014, 02.44PM IST
READ MORE ON » Tencent Holdings | IBM
Tencent said it would tap IBM for its "industry expertise and enterprise reach" but did not disclose financial terms of the deal.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BEIJING: Tencent Holdings Ltd said on Friday it would collaborate with International Business Machines Corp (IBM) on a new cloud software business for corporate customers, a marked departure for one of the dominant forces in China's consumer Internet industry.
Best known for its popular WeChat messaging app and its online games rather than business software, Tencent said its cloud unit would now target small and medium enterprises in the healthcare and "smart city" industries.
Many technology firms are jockeying for a slice of China's enterprise software market, which promises to grow sharply in coming years as businesses modernize their IT operations and move data onto the cloud.
Tencent's alliance with IBM, which has deep experience providing computing and consulting services to corporate clients, provides the Shenzhen company a competitive answer to its Chinese rival Alibaba Group Holding Ltd's nascent cloud efforts.
An e-commerce giant, Alibaba has been slowly building its cloud unit, which recorded just $38 million in revenue in the three months ended June 30.
Tencent said it would tap IBM for its "industry expertise and enterprise reach" but did not disclose financial terms of the deal.
For IBM, the Tencent deal is just the latest in a recent spate of new software partnerships in China, where its hardware sales have been sliding.
IBM announced a deal earlier this year to install its cutting-edge DB2 database software on Chinese rival Inspur International Ltd's machines. Big Blue also agreed to license its database and big data technology to Chinese software vendor Yonyou Software Co Ltd.

Telecom Commission to discuss spectrum auction on Nov 7Telecom Commission to discuss spectrum auction on Nov 7
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 31, 2014  | 15:22 IST
(Photo for representation only)
Inter-ministerial panel Telecom Commission (TC) is scheduled to meet on November 7 to discuss next round of spectrum auction along with broadband project and the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India's (Trai) recommendation on indoor wireless telephony.
"TC is proposed to meet on November 7 to mainly discuss spectrum auction related issues, NOFN and Trai's recommendation on cordless communications system," an official source told PTI.
Trai, on October 15, gave its recommendation on spectrum auction for premium 900 Mhz band and 1800 Mhz band that are presently being used for 2G GSM mobile services by Airtel, Vodafone, Idea Cellular and Reliance Communications.
The government has proposed to put for auction about 184 Mhz of spectrum in 900 Mhz band, which is held by these companies through their various licences expiring in 2015-16. The four telecom operators will have to buy spectrum afresh to continue their services.
In 1800 Mhz, government has proposed to auction 104 Mhz of spectrum, which included spectrum held by licences that are expiring in 2015-16 and unsold airwaves in February auction.
The regulator has already given its view on pricing of 800 Mhz band which is used for CDMA based mobile telephony. In the coming days, telecom operators will be able to deploy 4G technology in all these spectrum band.
Trai has recommended about 10 per cent higher base price for spectrum in 1800 Mhz band at Rs 2,138 crore for 18 out of 22 service areas. It also suggested a price of Rs 3,004 crore per Mhz for the premium 900 Mhz band, in which mobile signal covered about twice more area than 1800 Mhz band and hence telecom operators will need to deploy less number of mobile towers for transmitting signals and thus save cost.
For CDMA spectrum, Trai recommended reserve price of Rs 2,685 crore per megahertz, which is around 50 per cent higher than the pan-India base price fixed for its last auction held in March 2013.
DoT has proposed to auction about 57 Mhz of CDMA spectrum while Trai has suggested that about 169 Mhz can be made available for the auction after taking back spectrum from public sector units BSNL and MTNL.
The government expects to raise a minimum of Rs 9,000 crore from auction of three sets of spectrum. An inter-ministerial panel of spectrum auction has suggested conducting auction in February but Airtel, Vodafone, Idea and RCom have written seeking deferring of auction till the time more spectrum, especially that of BSNL and MTNL, is made available.

Beware! Movies you should think beforewatchingPrint
First things first, we at IndianExpress always strive to provide you with the best and save you from the worst. And in today's world of ever inflating prices, no prizes for guessing, we do our bit to help you save the hard earned money.
Written by Sonal Gera , Edited by Sarika Sharma | New Delhi | Posted: October 31, 2014 2:59 pm | Updated: October 31, 2014 10:52 pm
First things first, we at IndianExpress always strive to provide you with the best and save you from the worst. And in today’s world of ever inflating prices, no prizes for guessing, we do our bit to help you save the hard earned money.
Now we know you do need to take a break sometimes and watch a movie or two to elevate your levels of knowledge about the societal norms, as they say, cinema is the reflection of the society. We wonder though, if this is the society they claim to mirror, OMG! what kind of a society we are living in!
There are movies and then, there are masterpieces.
And there are some masterpieces, you should really give a miss. Believe us.
And thank us later!
No no, ‘Happy New Year’ doesn’t feature in our list. You maybe an SRK fan/fanatic, and you’ll love the movie nevertheless. You’ll love it for Deepika Padukone, the dances, the music and my personal favourite ‘Manwa Laage’. ‘Happy New Year’, as our reviewer Shubhra Gupta said, is a lonnnnnnggggggggggg show reel of what SRK, the superstar can do. So, watch Happy New Year only if you are a die-hard SRK fan, be proud of the phenomenon SRK is and yes, drool over the 10 pack abs.
(HO)Hum-Shakals: And while you watch Happy New Year, do yourself a favour. If you have ever thought of giving ‘Humshakals’ a watch, abort mission. I repeat, ABORT MISSION. Please.
Movies like these should come with a disclaimer – Watch it at your own risk. Trust me. Even if Sajid Khan trades all of his ‘hard earned money’, don’t agree to watch this classic. We get three sets of doppelgangers in the movie – three Saif Ali Khans, three Riteish Deshmukhs, and three Ram Kapoors – and we also get a fatal headache in the process, and some bouts of vomit, and some creepy feeling, and some suicidal tendencies. No joke is offensive and no humour is humourless.
Everything is Sajid-ified and keeping to the standards, you know what I mean. No offense! And don’t you dare to make anything related to this cult classic, your caller tune. Beware!
Him(MAT)waala: Nooooooooo! ‘Humshakals’ isn’t the only blessing that Sajid Khan descended upon the human race with. There are
many….many more.
And no, this IS NOT our cause of worry. What I am more worried about is why on earth, would a nuanced actor like Ajay Devgn, agree to do a movie like this? I mean why? And while you watch the first few scenes of the movie, you feel the pangs of a water deprived soul amidst a desert, yelling for respite. And you feel bad for an actor who you saw in ‘Gangaajal’, ‘Pyaar Toh Hona Hi Thha’ and the likes, and you cry. You cry for the talent, for the sheer talent. No God! This is not what you meant by ‘ghor kalyug’. Save us the drama!
While what “taaki, oh taaki, oh taaki taaki taaki re” is for the eastman colour Jeetendra-Sridevi starrer ‘Himmatwaala’, “Tacky, Oh Tacky, Oh tacky tacky tacky re!” (Bwahahaha!) is for Sajid Khan’s remake by the same name. The costumes tacky, the casting tackier, and the acting tackiest! Phew!
There’s a landlord playing Mahesh Manjrekar and a buxom beauty playing Tamannaaaaaaahhhhhh Bhatia. No, I didn’t write it wrong. You have to read it right. All the best with that!
Tees Maar (Daalo please) Khan: The family that works together, sticks together. (Pun Intended!)
If there’s some person, who can make Sajid Khan look like a saint, it’s the sister – Farah Khan.
I still wonder why SRK was so upset with his old friend Farah Khan for not making her magnum opus with him? He should be actually happy that she like a true friend of his didn’t bring a movie like this to his Bad-shah name. Put together a world-infamous con artist, a Bollywood starlet, an Oscar aspirant, a bunch of naive villagers, and befuddled policemen, and weave an absurd story connecting all of them and voila! You have a catastrophe called ‘Tees Maar Khan’.
So you have an extraaaaa smart Akshay Kumar, an eye candy Katrina Kaif, who puts her vocal chords to the best use and yells at every chance she gets and Akshaye Khanna, adding to his never ending list of duds! (Why dude why?!) Need we say more? No! Let’s move on!
Joker (Am I?): Didn’t I just mention ‘family’? OMG! I just did!
There’s an interesting premise at the heart of ‘Joker’, but Shirish Kunder fails wonderfully in executing it. (Didn’t I just mention family?)
Akshay Kumar’s character in the movie hatches a plan invloving aliens in a bid to get the world take notice of his hometown – Paglapur. And an American scientist shows up to expose the hoax. But where’s the spice? Or the slice of art? Opportunity wasted, Sonakshi wasted…..and Akshay wasted? Haha! No offense!
Bullett Raja (Hit me with the bullet please): Bahot ho gaya about the family! Let’s talk about someone not from the family. Let’s talk about Tigmanshu Dhulia, though he makes us doubt about his genetic brilliance, which only seems to have got its dues from the Khans and Kunders.
Saif Ali Khan was recently quoted saying he wants to go back to doing movies like ‘Omkara’ and ‘Parineeta’. Oh Boy! We empathise you see. You’re a National Award winner and we can’t see you in movies like these. I mean, ‘Humshakals’ and ‘Bullett Raja’?
Also, I have a thing against Sonakshi Sinha. Girl, we know you can act. We have seen you in ‘Lootera’. Please do movies like it.
‘Bullett Raja’ is rife with predictable scenes, bad editing and a lack of control over the script, which spirals into an unending loop of absurdity. It’s difficult to judge if even hardcore Saif Ali Khan fans should go for this one. Trust me, don’t.
And while I still wonder about the sad state of movies with logic tending to null and entertainment to an unfulfilled void, I rest my case and give in to the ‘chutzpah’.
In case, you should feel this piece is ‘chutzpah’ enough, I apologize to the kind sentiments of movie making. May the movies rest in peace and @SoNull_NVoid have her peace back ;)

Narendra Modis leadership has made people confident about India: AmitShahBy: Press Trust of India | Bhopal | Posted: October 31, 2014 2:57 pm
On Friday BJP President Amit Shah said Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s leadership has reinstilled confidence in the people of this country and across the globe about India’s abilities.
“People in the country were very disappointed during the last 10 years. But after Modi became Prime Minister, within four months, people not just in the country but in the entire world have regained confidence in India’s ability to lead the world,” Shah said addressing the ‘Karyakarta Sankalp Adhiveshan’ programme ahead of the local bodies polls in Madhya Pradesh.
The programmes launched by Modi Government in the sphere of security, ‘Make in India’, ‘Jan Dhan Yojna’, ‘Shramev Jayate’ and ‘Swachh Bharat Abhiyan’ among others are examples of his leadership, he said.
“Though after BJP’s historic victory in the Lok Sabha polls, people have accepted Modi as their leader, some of them raised doubts after a few by-poll results. But they were also silenced by BJP’s spectacular performance in Maharashtra and Haryana, where the party came to power for the first time in history,” he said.
“After the victory in Maharashtra and Haryana, where the BJP had decided to contest alone, Modi has made a place for himself in the people’s hearts,” he said.
Shah praised BJP’s Madhya Pradesh unit which was nurtured by stalwarts like Kushabhau Thakre and late Rajmata Vijayaraje Scindia.
“Since the days of Jansangh, BJP’s Madhya Pradesh unit has excelled and is one of the strongest party units in the country,” he said.
Wherever BJP came to power in the country, it worked for the poor and backward classes and ensured benefits reached even the last man in the society. This resulted in its repeated victory in states like Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh and Goa among others, he said.
Praising Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan, Shah said his government has transformed the state by working in the areas of road, power and water.
He also lauded the state government for achieving 24.99 per cent agricultural growth and over 10 per cent GDP.
Chouhan has not only ensured that Madhya Pradesh came out of the BIMARU category, but now it is fast becoming a welfare state by implementing a large number of developmental schemes, the BJP president said.
He also lauded the state for having perfect coordination between the government and the party organisation.
'After the victory in Maharashtra and Haryana, where the BJP had decided to contest alone, Modi has made a place for himself in the people's hearts,' said Shah.

Narendra Modi s leadership has made people confident about India: Amit ShahBy: Press Trust of India | Bhopal | Posted: October 31, 2014 2:57 pm
On Friday BJP President Amit Shah said Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s leadership has reinstilled confidence in the people of this country and across the globe about India’s abilities.
“People in the country were very disappointed during the last 10 years. But after Modi became Prime Minister, within four months, people not just in the country but in the entire world have regained confidence in India’s ability to lead the world,” Shah said addressing the ‘Karyakarta Sankalp Adhiveshan’ programme ahead of the local bodies polls in Madhya Pradesh.
The programmes launched by Modi Government in the sphere of security, ‘Make in India’, ‘Jan Dhan Yojna’, ‘Shramev Jayate’ and ‘Swachh Bharat Abhiyan’ among others are examples of his leadership, he said.
“Though after BJP’s historic victory in the Lok Sabha polls, people have accepted Modi as their leader, some of them raised doubts after a few by-poll results. But they were also silenced by BJP’s spectacular performance in Maharashtra and Haryana, where the party came to power for the first time in history,” he said.
“After the victory in Maharashtra and Haryana, where the BJP had decided to contest alone, Modi has made a place for himself in the people’s hearts,” he said.
Shah praised BJP’s Madhya Pradesh unit which was nurtured by stalwarts like Kushabhau Thakre and late Rajmata Vijayaraje Scindia.
“Since the days of Jansangh, BJP’s Madhya Pradesh unit has excelled and is one of the strongest party units in the country,” he said.
Wherever BJP came to power in the country, it worked for the poor and backward classes and ensured benefits reached even the last man in the society. This resulted in its repeated victory in states like Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh and Goa among others, he said.
Praising Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan, Shah said his government has transformed the state by working in the areas of road, power and water.
He also lauded the state government for achieving 24.99 per cent agricultural growth and over 10 per cent GDP.
Chouhan has not only ensured that Madhya Pradesh came out of the BIMARU category, but now it is fast becoming a welfare state by implementing a large number of developmental schemes, the BJP president said.
He also lauded the state for having perfect coordination between the government and the party organisation.
'After the victory in Maharashtra and Haryana, where the BJP had decided to contest alone, Modi has made a place for himself in the people's hearts,' said Shah.

PM s leadership has made people confident a...Amit Shah
("After the victory in Maharashtra…)
BHOPAL: BJP President Amit Shah today said Prime Minister Narendra Modi's leadership has reinstilled confidence in the people of this country and across the globe about India's abilities.
"People in the country were very disappointed during the last 10 years. But after Modi became Prime Minister, within four months, people not just in the country but in the entire world have regained confidence in India's ability to lead the world," Shah said addressing the 'Karyakarta Sankalp Adhiveshan' programme ahead of the local bodies polls in Madhya Pradesh.
The programmes launched by Modi Government in the sphere of security, 'Make in India', 'Jan Dhan Yojna', 'Shramev Jayate' and 'Swachh Bharat Abhiyan' among others are examples of his leadership, he said.
"Though after BJP's historic victory in the Lok Sabha polls, people have accepted Modi as their leader, some of them raised doubts after a few by-poll results. But they were also silenced by BJP's spectacular performance in Maharashtra and Haryana, where the party came to power for the first time in history," he said.
"After the victory in Maharashtra and Haryana, where the BJP had decided to contest alone, Modi has made a place for himself in the people's hearts," he said.
Shah praised BJP's Madhya Pradesh unit which was nurtured by stalwarts like Kushabhau Thakre and late Rajmata Vijayaraje Scindia.
"Since the days of Jansangh, BJP's Madhya Pradesh unit has excelled and is one of the strongest party units in the country," he said.
Wherever BJP came to power in the country, it worked for the poor and backward classes and ensured benefits reached even the last man in the society. This resulted in its repeated victory in states like Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh and Goa among others, he said.
Praising Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan, Shah said his government has transformed the state by working in the areas of road, power and water.
He also lauded the state government for achieving 24.99 per cent agricultural growth and over 10 per cent GDP.
Chouhan has not only ensured that Madhya Pradesh came out of the BIMARU category, but now it is fast becoming a welfare state by implementing a large number of developmental schemes, the BJP president said.
He also lauded the state for having perfect coordination between the government and the party organisation.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Govt mulls ban on e-cigarettes  sale of sing...The WHO in August called for stiff regulation of e-cigarettes as well as bans on indoor use, in the latest bid to control the booming $3 billion global market.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: The government is considering a ban on electronic cigarettes over the risks to public health that they may cause, a senior Health Ministry official told Reuters.
The World Health Organization (WHO) in August called for stiff regulation of e-cigarettes as well as bans on indoor use, in the latest bid to control the booming $3 billion global market.
Such devices use battery-powered cartridges to produce a nicotine-laced vapour but there is a lack of long-term scientific research that confirms they are safe. Some critics fear they could lead to nicotine addiction and tobacco smoking.
"We see it as a backdoor entry, it doesn't have tobacco but it has nicotine," said the official, who declined to be identified because of the sensitivity of the matter.
"Expert panels have recommended regulation or a ban. India cannot regulate easily," the official added, saying that the government would consider the ban in the next month or two.
The European Union has agreed to requirements around advertising and packaging to ensure the safety and quality of e-cigarettes. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration has proposed banning sales to anyone under 18.
Up to 900,000 Indians die every year of tobacco-related diseases, and that number could reach 1.5 million by 2020 if users do not kick the habit, the International Tobacco Control Project estimates.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government is taking several steps to curb India's tobacco consumption. It has increased taxes on tobacco products and ordered companies to print more health warnings on packages.
SINGLE BAN?
While most e-cigarettes are imported and sold by small firms, India's largest cigarette maker ITC started selling the devices in August.
ITC did not comment directly on the likely ban, but said India should not be left behind in technology development of such products.
India has also proposed a ban on the sale of single conventional cigarettes. The official said the ministry had proposed amendments to tobacco control laws and a cabinet note had been circulated for comments.
Indians smoked more than 100 billion cigarettes in 2012, according to Euromonitor International, and it is common for vendors to sell them individually.
The WHO's Framework Convention on Tobacco Control states that countries "shall endeavour" to prohibit such sales as it makes them more affordable for minors. India is a party to the convention.
A single cigarette costs about Rs 10 (16 cents) in the capital, New Delhi, compared with a pack of 20 that costs Rs 190 ($3).
The ITC declined to comment on the proposed ban. The Tobacco Institute of India (TII), an industry body, said the proposed law would not be easily enforceable and would lead to retailers being harassed.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Sensex surges over 500 points  seen at 30 000 in 60 sessionsYou are here: Home > Collections
Sensex ends day at record high, seen on track to hit 30,000 in 60 days
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 31, 2014, 03.40PM IST
(Analysts at top brokerage…)
NEW DELHI: Both S&P BSE Sensex and Nifty made fresh highs today, surging nearly 2 per cent each in trade on Friday. The 30-share index ended the day at 27,865.83, up 519.50 points, or 1.90 per cent. The Nifty shut shop at 8322.20, up 153 points, or 1.87 per cent.
The Sensex hit its fresh lifetime high of 27,894.32 in intraday trade, while the 50-share Nifty index rose over 150 points to make its all-time high of 8,330.75.
Strong macro environment, reform push by the new government and falling inflation have already boosted the Sensex by over 30 per cent so far in the year 2014. But analysts at Dalal Street see further upside in the index up to the levels of 30,000 by the December-end and over 35,000 in the next one year.
Analysts at top brokerage firms firmly believe that we are in a bull market and equities will remain the best asset class in the next couple of years, provided global markets remain stable.
The markets have been on an upward trajectory since the last few days on the back of renewed vigor shown by the government to initiate reforms, apart from lower crude prices, lower inflation, supportive global cues and decent earnings, say experts.
Vikas Khemani of Edelweiss Financial Services believes that from the medium to long-term perspective, India remains one of the best markets to be in and equity remains one of the best asset classes to be invested into.
Expectations are running high given the fact that macros have stabalised and growth has bottomed out. And with the rate cycle set to reverse and more reforms gets implemented, the Indian markets may well be on top of the list of FIIs despite global concerns.
Though the quantitative easing ended on Wednesday, but the Federal Reserve is keeping the 'considerable period of time' stance for raising interest rates until it sees more improvement in the economy, which cheered the markets.
"Taking cues from the same, the BSE Sensex and the Nifty hit fresh highs and we are expecting further upside from the current levels as this move of the Fed has surely boosted the confidence of retail as well as global investors," said Vivek Gupta,CMT - Director Research, CapitalVia Global Research Limited.
"As the Nifty is further looking bullish on charts and fundamentals also seem to be supportive, slight correction might be on the way. But the overall upswing is likely to occur till Nov expiry. Our targets for the Nifty till December are 8400 & 8700 and for the Sensex, 30000 can be the golden figure," he added.
The slowdown in growth rates has dampened the sentiment quite a bit not just for Indian markets, but across the globe. But one thing which experts feel very firmly is the fact that India happens to be in a sweet spot and the whole India story remains intact.
India has managed to hold onto its macro factors compared with the rest of the emerging market economies and that will aide capital flow. They have also managed to push through key economic reforms.
 
After the recent diesel price deregulation, the government on Wednesday eased overseas investment rules in construction to attract money into the funds-starved sector and serve its twin objectives of faster job creation and housing for all.
"Economic indicators such as inflation, factory output, crude oil and other commodity prices are reflecting favorable numbers, which would further keep the market at comfortable levels in the coming month," said Tushar Pendharkar, Equity Strategist, Right Horizons.
Most analysts see the index hitting the levels above 30000-35000 in the next one year, which gives an upside of 10-28 per cent from the current levels. However, it will not be easy for the Indian markets to maintain the momentum considering the fact that the US might just increase rates amid global economic slowdown.
"India would be very unlikely impacted by the Fed decision in the near term. However, I believe that the Indian economy would be inversely proportional to domestic inflation and international crude oil prices, but in both the cases the trend is under control and outlook looks positive for the economy," adds Pendharkar.
But brokers are hopeful for a smart rally on the bourses. According to a survey conducted by ET, the Sensex is on track to hit levels above 30000-35000 by next Diwali or by the end of next one year, while the 50-share Nifty index could record levels of 8500 in the next 12 months.
According to an ET Now survey of 15 brokerage firms, 80 per cent of the respondents surveyed see the Nifty index trading above 8500 levels by next Diwali, while 13 per cent see the index hovering in the range of 8000-8500. Only 7 per cent of the respondents see the index moving in the range of 7500-8000.
According to the survey, 33 per cent of respondents are of the view that the Sensex could see the levels above 35000 by next Diwali, while 50 per cent see the index trading in the range of 30000-35000. Only 17 per cent of the respondents see the index hovering in the range of 26000-30000.
FEATURED ARTICLES

GAIL hits 52-week high; Q2 PAT beats Street | M&M jumps 2% even as profit meets estimatesGAIL Q2 PAT beats estimates at Rs 1303 crore; stock at 52-week high
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 31, 2014, 03.04PM IST
(Sales for the quarter increased…)
MUMBAI: Shares of GAIL India surged to hit fresh 52- high after the company beat Street estimates by reporting 42 per cent jump in net profit at Rs 1,303 crore as compared to a net profit of Rs 915 crore.
ET Now poll estimated net profit to be at Rs 994 crore.
Sales for the quarter increased to Rs 14063 crore, up 4.4 per cent, from Rs 13,944 crore. The company provided NIL subsidy sharing for second quarter as compared to Rs 698 crore, in year-ago period.
Other income increased to Rs 289 crore, up 30 per cent, from Rs 222 crore, YoY.
At 02:30 p.m.; the stock was at Rs 541.15, up 6.18 per cent, on the BSE. It touched a high of Rs 551.35 and a low of Rs 510.05 in trade today.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Federal agencies reveal their vulnerabilities to climate changeBy Chris Mooney October 31 Follow chriscmooney
Pump jacks are seen at dawn in an oil field in Lost Hills, Calif., over the Monterey Shale formation. David McNew/Getty Images
The Obama administration published a small library's worth of climate change documents on Friday, outlining 38 federal agencies' vulnerabilities to global warming and how they will address them -- as well as a separate and even larger set of new government-wide plans to cut down on greenhouse gas emissions and achieve new targets for sustainability.
In sum, the reports represent over a thousand pages of climate change threat assessment and sustainability planning by a vast federal complex that collectively operates 360,000 buildings, maintains 650,000 vehicles and spends $25 billion on energy costs per year.
In many cases, the vulnerabilities revealed are stark. The Department of Agriculture, for instance, sees "the potential for up to 100 percent increase in the number of acres burned annually by 2050" by wildfires, according to its new adaptation report. The agency notes that fire suppression expenditures have already grown from 13 percent of the Forest Service's budget in 1991 to 40 percent of it today, and says the service's other operations are imperiled by the continual demand to throw more resources at fires.
The Department of Health and Human Services, in its new report , says it views climate change as "one of the top public health challenges of our time." It outlines risks including more frequent or worse extreme heat events -- which the agency calls "the leading weather-related cause of death in the U.S." -- changes in vector-borne diseases like West Nile virus and Chagas disease, and "increased production of plant-based allergens," leading to more episodes of asthma and allergic responses in some people.
The health agency also notes that "climate change is anticipated to have its greatest impact on people whose health status is already at risk and who have the fewest resources to address or adapt to climate change risks."
NASA, in its report , warns that climate change could actually interfere with its ability to get to space. "Many Agency assets -- 66% of its assets when measured by replacement value -- are within 16 feet of mean sea level and located along America's coasts, where sea level rise and increased frequency and intensity of high water levels associated with storms are expected," the agency notes. Climate vulnerable NASA assets, says the agency, include both launch facilities that take human beings and cargo into space, as well as the systems on the ground that help maintain the functionality of NASA's space operations.
These adaptation plans update and significantly extend an earlier suite of documents  delivered by the agencies in February of 2013. Moving before the other agencies, the Defense Department released its own updated adaptation plan earlier this month, with Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel describing climate change as a "threat multiplier" because it worsens many of the challenges that the military faces, including terrorism and disease.
In a separate set of documents, meanwhile, the federal agencies show how they have already cut their own greenhouse gas emissions, decreased their energy use, and taken other steps to improve sustainability -- and plan to continue to do so. Such sustainability plans must now be updated annually by all of the agencies.
According to the White House, such measures have reduced emissions from the federal government by over 17 percent since President Obama came into office, "the equivalent of permanently taking 1.8 million cars off the road." The federal government has also cut water use by 19 percent and has begun to derive over 9 percent of the energy it uses from renewable sources. The goal, by 2020, is for a 28 percent government-wide greenhouse gas emissions reduction -- which would also entail $8 billion to $11 billion in reduced energy costs.
The collective release of the reports, says Mike Boots, current head of the White House Council on Environmental Quality, will help the federal government to "leave behind a planet that is not polluted and damaged and protect our ability to provide the vital services American communities depend on."
The flurry of documents emerges from a five-year process of federal climate change sensitization that began with an executive order  by Obama in 2009 that called on the federal government to reduce its emissions and become more energy efficient and sustainable. Later, in 2010, a government task force recommended that the agencies also prepare individualized plans concerning their climate change vulnerabilities and how they would adapt to them. This progressed further in 2013 with Obama's  speech at Georgetown University laying out his climate agenda, and a 2013 executive order  requiring agencies to update and extend their first set of climate adaptation plans -- with a particular focus on any climate-related risks that threaten each agency's core mission.
"It’s great to see the administration continue the drumbeat of reports and analysis and action on promoting resilience to climate change impacts," says Vicki Arroyo, executive director of the Georgetown Climate Center, which tracks federal climate change adaptation measures closely. "It’s really important for the federal agencies to look at changes that they need to make in their own facilities and operations in order to be able to prepare for the changes that are in store for all of us."
For an administration with only two more years in office -- headed by a president thought to see climate action as a key part of his legacy -- perhaps most significant is how these documents advance a government-wide process of ever-increasing climate-change readiness as well as moves toward greater sustainability. The steps along the way are myriad, ranging from new energy efficiency measures by the General Services Administration, which maintains federal buildings, to the Department of Housing and Urban Development's requirement that hospitals and other buildings it funds are built at a sufficient elevation to ensure they are protected from flooding.
Or as the president's initial 2009 executive order on climate change put it: "In order to create a clean energy economy that will increase our Nation's prosperity, promote energy security, protect the interests of taxpayers, and safeguard the health of our environment, the Federal Government must lead by example."
Chris Mooney reports on science and the environment.

Abe weighs tax rise against economyOctober 19, 2014 7:38 pm
Abe balances tax rise against economic damage
Gideon Rachman and James Politi in Milan
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/25431cfc-57af-11e4-8493-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Reeds regrets are reminders of an old mistakeReed’s regrets are reminders of an old mistake
By Gary Silverman in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fadb56e4-5927-11e4-a722-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Downloading Music Is Quickly Going Out Of Fashionreddit
First records died, then cassette tapes, then CDs and now, downloads. That's right, we're all but officially in the age of streaming services.
Apple might operate the largest online music store in the world, but the Apple Store's iTunes digital music sales have fallen about 13 percent this year , a source familiar with the matter tells the Wall Street Journal. The writing is on the wall.
Meanwhile, Spotify is surging ahead. The music streaming service hit 10 million global paid subscribers in May, up from 6 million paid subscribers in March 2013. Throw in people who use the service but don't pay, and Spotify's now lays claim to 40 million active users, up from 24 million in March 2013.
Then there's Pandora, the Internet radio service with 80 million users, which dominates the streaming music industry. Those numbers have steadily increased, up from 70 million in May 2013, and listening hours have continued to increase too.
Of course, there's a big difference between the Apple Store on the one hand and Spotify and Pandora on the other. Apple's iTunes makes mountain of money , while Pandora occasionally turns a little profit and Spotify isn't even profitable yet .
Nevertheless, Apple apparently sees which way the wind is blowing. As speculated in earlier reports , Apple will be relaunching and rebuilding Beats Music -- the existing $10-a-month subscription streaming service -- under its own brand.
You can soon say goodbye to the days when download was king.
More:

Cyclone Nilofar may hit north Gujarat by ThursdayCyclone Nilofar may hit north Gujarat by Thursday
Vinson Kurian
Source: IMD Satellite image taken on October 26, 2014.
Will drag itself into the way of a western disturbance eventually
Thiruvananthapuram, Oct 26:  
India Met Department has issued a pre-cyclone watch for north Gujarat as Cyclone Nilofar took birth in the west-central and adjoining southwest Arabian Sea.
The cyclone was more or less unchanged from its location from morning at 1,270 km west-southwest of Mumbai, an afternoon update by the Met said.
Landfall timeline
It was at least two days away from landfall over northwest Gujarat and adjoining Karachi in Pakistan, according to international models.
Nilofar (a name contributed by Pakistan) would intensify into a very severe cyclonic storm, but not as strong as predecessor Hudhud that rammed the coast of Visakhapatnam earlier this month.
India Met expects Nilofar to pack peak winds reaching speeds of 120- to 130 km/hr gusting to 145 km/hr.
In contrast, Hudhud had featured ferocious winds topping 175 km/her and gusting to 200 km/hr.
The landfall is expected to take place by Thursday/Friday, according to initial projections.
In its outlook, the US Naval Observatory too had said that the cyclone may not ratchet up to the strength originally estimated, and could feature peak wind speeds of 138 km/hr.
System Strength
The building cyclone is now practically stationary and will take some time to move north-northwest but when it does, will drag itself into the way of a western disturbance. Transiting across the Arabian Gulf, the westerly system will scoop the cyclonic system by the collar and haul it towards the Indo-Pak coast where it will be deposited. As the cyclone approaches the coast, intrusion of dry air from land and increase in vertical wind shear (sudden change in wind speed and direction with height) will affect the storm structure and strength.
Also, sea-surface temperatures near the Indo-Pak coast were 27.8 deg Celsius compared to those of the coastal Oman waters which had warmed up to 28.8 deg Celsius. Warmer waters help evaporation, which helps rising water vapour to rise up the storm tower, condense and add to thunder cloud formation which adds to system strength.
The system weakens when the waters cool down and allow for evaporation to take place on a lesser scale only.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

States With The Widest Gap Between Rich And PoorTweet
Income inequality has grown so severe in recent years that Federal Reserve Board Chair Janet Yellen described it as a source of great concern. In a speech earlier this month Yellen said, “The distribution of income and wealth in the United States has been widening more or less steadily for several decades, to a greater extent than in most advanced countries.”
In some parts of the U.S., the problem of income inequality is especially pronounced. Based on the Gini coefficient, which measures the degree to which incomes deviate from perfect equality, 24/7 Wall St. reviewed the states with the widest gap between the rich and the poor. Last year, New York was the most unequal state in the nation.
Click here to see the states with the worst income inequality
In an interview with 24/7 Wall St., David Cooper, economic analyst at the Economic Policy Institute, said that “the root of income inequality really is the stagnation in pay and wages for the vast majority of Americans.” Cooper explained that while most people generate their incomes from wages, the wealthiest Americans generate income from returns on capital. When wages stagnate and more income is generated through investments, the income gap is exacerbated.
Cooper added that while some individuals with extremely high incomes took a major hit during the Great Recession, the very rich have “made up all that lost income since then, and incomes for the top are higher than they were prior to the recession at this point.”
The growing incomes of extremely wealthy individuals explain, in part, why a majority of states with the widest income gaps appear quite wealthy as a whole. According to Cooper, “they skew the distribution so much that you do tend to see the highest inequality in places that have the most wealthy individuals.” In fact, each of the 10 most unequal states also had among the highest shares of income going to the top-earning 5% of households last year. In New York and Connecticut, more than 25% of all income was reported by these households.
The types of occupations of state residents also plays a role. Cooper explained that while there are highly paid executives in all states, they are more concentrated in places like New York. He added, “Doctors, attorneys, [and] people who work in finance are obviously going to be making more money than folks working in traditionally lower-paying industries like manufacturing or the service industry.”
As an example, six of the states with the worst income inequality had among the 10 highest share of employees in finance-related fields, while five had among the 10 highest share of the work force in professional, scientific, and management occupations.
Since wages are the primary source of income for most Americans, the unemployment rate in a given area is also an important factor. Six of the 10 states had unemployment rates higher than the national rate last year. Cooper added, however, that employment plays less of a role in differentiating one state from another because residents can move easily between states.
To identify the states with the worst income inequality, 24/7 Wall St. reviewed Gini coefficient figures from the U.S. Census Bureau’s 2013 American Community Survey (ACS). The Gini coefficient reflects the degree to which an area’s incomes deviate from a perfectly equal income distribution. The coefficient is scaled from 0 to 1, where a 0 represents perfectly equal incomes among all people. We also utilized ACS data on poverty rates, income distribution among households, the percentage of households receiving SNAP benefits/food stamps, and the distribution of employment by industry. Figures for average annual unemployment and the percentage of hourly workers earning the minimum wage or less are from the Bureau of Labor Statistics for 2013.
These are the states with the widest gap between rich and poor

Feds Crack Down On AT&Treddit
The Federal Trade Commission announced on Tuesday that it is suing AT&T for slowing down the data speeds for some customers who thought they were getting an “unlimited” data plan.
After some customers exceeded a certain amount of data during a billing cycle, AT&T slowed, or "throttled," the customers' Internet speed, the agency claims.
"The company has misled millions of its mobile customers, charging them for so-called unlimited data plans that were in reality not unlimited at all," Edith Ramirez, chairwoman of the FTC, said during a call with reporters Tuesday afternoon.
The FTC said AT&T did not "adequately" inform customers who had signed up for the company's unlimited data plan that their speeds would be slowed if they used a certain amount of data, which was sometimes as little as 2 gigabytes during a billing cycle. Streaming one hour of Netflix in HD can use as much as 3 gigabytes.
The agency alleged that in some cases, AT&T slowed the data speeds of some of these customers by more than 90 percent, preventing people from being able to stream movies, load websites or use the phone's GPS function. The FTC said 3.5 million customers have been throttled 25 million times.
In a statement, AT&T's general counsel, Wayne Watts, called the FTC's complaint "baseless" and said that the company has been "completely transparent with customers since the very beginning” that it would throttle people with unlimited plans. The company began the practice in 2011.
"We informed all unlimited data-plan customers via bill notices and a national press release that resulted in nearly 2,000 news stories, well before the program was implemented," Watts wrote in a statement to The Huffington Post.
From 2007 to 2011, AT&T was the only carrier in the U.S. to offer the iPhone. The company stopped offering "unlimited" plans in June 2010. Customers who had previously purchased unlimited plans were "grandfathered" in when they signed new contracts, though the FTC said they weren't informed that they may be throttled.
The FTC said that AT&T got thousands of complaints from customers who said their speeds were slowing down. Then, AT&T went after people who canceled their service, the agency said
"When customers canceled their contracts after being throttled, AT&T charged those customers early termination fees, which typically amount to hundreds of dollars," the FTC said in a statement.
As phones and apps have become more advanced and wireless networks have gotten faster, consumers have gobbled up increasing amounts of data. The average mobile customer in the U.S. used 1.4 gigabytes per month in 2013, according to Cisco , the networking equipment company. That figure is expected to increase to 9.1 gigabytes per month by 2018.
In response to increased data consumption, wireless companies have moved to tiered data plans, which offer a fixed amount of data each month. If a person goes over their plan, they have to pay a penalty.
AT&T said that throttling has to do with managing network congestion -- there is a finite amount of spectrum, and the more people use it, the slower it gets for everyone. But Ramirez told reporters that the throttling "had no particular relation to the network's congestion at the specific time."
"It looks like AT&T was trying to push people into more expensive plans," Delara Derakhshani, policy counsel for Consumers Union, an advocacy organization, said in a statement to HuffPost. “Consumers have been complaining about throttling for years. We’re glad the feds are going after companies that are ripping people off."
"We think that millions of customers have been affected and we hope to put money back in their pockets," Ramirez told reporters.
Disclosure: The author of this post has an unlimited plan with AT&T and may be affected by any settlement that is reached.
More:

Get stylish  turkey: Thanksgiving s favorite bird goes trendy0
Traditionally, some of the more beautiful turkey plates you'll find are vintage, most of these a product of a technique called transferware. Some are Currier & Ives-ish, produced from engravings on copper plate that then are inked and transferred on tissue to the stoneware. Many are in earth tones, some further enhanced with hand panting or tinting that brings life and lends an accent color to draw from for tablecloths or accessories.
The turkey was the centerpiece of a circa 1930s transferware plate by Barker Brothers. Though predominantly chocolate, the scalloped plate was bordered with a handpainted harvest of fruits and vegetables in orange, red, green and purple. Another well-known pattern of turkey front and center appeared in the 1950s pattern of Staffordshire china from the Johnstone Bros. Both of these patterns as well as others often turn up for sale on vintage websites like Etsy.
In the 1990s, Spode introduced its Woodland collection, an ode to English hunting motifs featuring intricately detailed game birds including turkeys, quail and pheasants in earthy hues, with a floral border inspired by British flowers dating to 1831. This über popular classic collection appears almost perennially in holiday tabletop magazine spreads.
Setting the table for Thanksgiving may be filled with family traditions, as at any special holiday dinner. Along with the typical fall fare of cornucopias, gourds, candy corn, leaves, fresh fruit and perhaps a figural turkey or two, there might be inherited dishes from your grandmother that evoke happy memories.
With the current tabletop trends for layering and mixing it up, here are some suggestions for adding to your own favorites-whether you favor modern and tailored or a vintage mashup.
•Consider one or a pair of figural turkeys on the table or sideboard. Wisteria's autumn turkeys are colorful, lifelike, handmade of grass, branches and real leaves.
• If you've succumbed to design tryptophan when it comes to turkeys, an all-white pattern in relief might be a pleasant wakeup call, easily blending with the neutrals you may already own. One design at Crate and Barrel by illustrator Elvis Swift is a loopy turkey drawing of continuous lines, handcarved into molds that make a playful impression on earthenware.
• Purchase a set of salad plates or a platter imprinted with a turkey design; at Pottery Barn, some actually are inspired by fresco-like in-house paintings. Neither a huge investment nor too much of a good thing.
• Fancy frosted cookies in pumpkin or turkey shapes on a melamine plate for kids--what's not to love? Have a little fun with a fancifully dapper turkey rocking on a cool pilgrim hat and sporting bright orange feathers; it's a design on melamine by Jane Dixon at Crate and Barrel. The same pattern also is available on cocktail napkins.
• Add a smile to the face of your junior pumpkin pie baker with an apron that you'll be thankful helps keep clothing clean. One with a bold felt appliqued turkey at Williams-Sonoma looks like something your child may have crafted out of construction paper cutouts.
• Elevate the serveware. One standout, a footed aluminum holder finished in antique bronze from Pottery Barn features a turkey nestling a porcelain bowl in its feathers, a perfect landing spot for that green bean casserole.
• Give your guests something more to cluck about: decorate a sofa or chair with an embroidered throw pillow from Pier I Imports that features one classy bird dressed with blingy sequins and beads.

Cyclone Nilofar peaks  beats predecessor Hudhud in raw powerCyclone Nilofar peaks, beats predecessor Hudhud in raw power
Vinson Kurian
Tweet
Thiruvananthapuram, Oct 29:  
Very severe cyclone Nilofar is now at its peak strength featuring wind speeds of up to 210 km/hr gusting to 220 km/hr, according to the India Met Department.
This beats predecessor Hudhud that ravaged the Visakhapatnam coast on October 12. Hudhud had a peak strength of 175 km/hr, gusting reportedly at a maximum of 200 m/hr.
WEAKENING SIGNALS
The big relief in the instant case is that Nilofar is still three days away from landfall over Gujarat, by which time it would substantially weaken in intensity.
Landfall is expected to take place on Saturday morning when Nilofar would have wound down to a minimal cyclone (80 to 90 km/hr with gusts of 100 km/hr).
This morning, the Met located the very severe cyclonic storm 900 km southwest of Naliya (Gujarat) and 910 km southwest of Karachi (Pakistan).
Importantly, Nilofar has gained peak strength while only 420 km southeast of Masirah Island of Oman, but it would be spared a direct hit.
OMAN SPARED
This is because during the course of the day, the storm would start changing course away from Masirah, first to the north-northeast and then northeast.
The storm would re-orient itself towards making landfall over the Gujarat coast, an operation executed under the influence of a passing western disturbance.
Originating farther north-northwest in the Mediterranean, these disturbances travel periodically across the Arabian Gulf, Afghanistan and Pakistan into northwest India.
Nilofar happened to cross the path of one such, but despite its strength, will be pummelled into submission by the westerly system and dragged along.
Thus, Nilofar would be taken to Gujarat, and a remnant would roll into east Rajasthan and southwest Uttar Pradesh, raining all the way across.
WESTERN DISTURBANCE
The front-end of the massive phalange of the western disturbance has trooped into Jammu and Kashmir and induced the formation of a circulation over west Rajasthan.
It is usual for large and deep western disturbances to create offspring circulations in the plains of northwest India, signalling its reach and influence south of its track.
Nilofar is being appropriated by a ‘limb’ of the westerly system extending to the south over Northeast Arabian Sea, partly incited by its own strength and intensity.
From Friday night, isolated heavy to very heavy rainfall would commence along coastal districts of Saurashtra and Kutch.
Squally winds speeds reaching 45 to 55 km/hr and gusting to 65 km/hr would prevail along and off Gujarat. They would increase in intensity to 80-90 km/hr, gusting to 100 km/hr, at the time of landfall.
(This article was published on October 29, 2014)
Related

BSE Sensex gains 217 pts to close above 27 000-pt mark ahead of US Fed meet outcomeE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Axis Cap raises ABB India target on delisting hintE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

ONGC Highest Ranked Indian Energy FirmAviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
New Delhi: State-owned Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC) has edged past Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL) to become the highest ranked Indian energy firm on this year's Platts Global 250 Rankings.
ONGC, which in 2013 was ranked 22nd, improved one position in this year's ranking that is led by global giants Exxon Mobil Corp, Chevron and Royal Dutch Shell.
RIL, India's largest private firm, slipped from 19th rank in 2013 to 22nd in this year's ranking, according to Platts.
Indian Oil Corp, the nation's largest oil refiner and fuel marketing firm, made a huge jump to break into top 50 global energy firms club. It has improved from 80th rank in 2013 to 43rd in this year's ranking that were released last evening.
Coal India Ltd, the world's largest coal producer, slipped four places to settle at 47 in this year's ranking.
Power utility NTPC slipped one place to 50th this year.
Bharat Petroleum Corp Ltd (BPCL) made the biggest leap when it jumped from 119th rank last year to 66th in this year's edition. Gas utility GAIL also improved its ranking from 105 to 97.
Cairn India Ltd improved five positions to settle at 104th in the top-250 ranking where Oil India Ltd, the nation's second largest state explorer, and Essar Oil debuted at 208th and 232nd positions respectively.
"The Platts Top 250 Global Energy Company Rankings recognize outstanding accomplishments of the top performing energy companies around the world. Each company listed in the Platts Top 250 has distinguished itself through its remarkable performance and the outstanding efforts and dedication of its team in the previous year," Platts said.
It used four key metrics - asset worth, revenues, profits, and return on invested capital, to assess the energy companies' financial performance.
Essar Oil has been ranked as the 16th fastest growing company in the world with a 27.9 per cent Compounded Growth Rate (CGR) in last three years. Cairn India is 25th on the list with 22.2 per cent CGR. GAIL is ranked 32nd with 20.5 per cent CGR on the list, which also has RIL at 46th position with 17.8 per cent CGR.
In 2013, Cairn was ranked the fastest growing energy firm in the world with a CGR of 121 per cent in the previous three years. No other Indian firm figured on that list.
"All companies on the (Global 250) list have assets greater than $5 billion. The fundamental and market data comes from a database compiled and maintained by S&P Capital IQ, a business unit of McGraw Hill Financial," Platts said.
Story first published on: October 29, 2014 23:26 (IST)

SRK thanks Salman Khan for promoting his film  Happy New Year  on  Bigg Boss 8Print
Shah Rukh Khan thanked Salman Khan for promoting his film on reality show 'Bigg Boss'. saying it proves that there are no issues between the duo.
By: Press Trust of India | Kolkata | Posted: October 30, 2014 2:11 pm | Updated: October 30, 2014 4:35 pm
Shah Rukh Khan thanked Salman Khan for promoting his film on reality show ‘Bigg Boss’, saying it proves that there are no issues between the duo.
“I think it’s extremely gracious of him to have done that. I thank him from the bottom of my heart because it also takes away from the fact that when people talk about issues between actors (it proves that) we don’t have any issues,” Shah Rukh Khan said. (Read: Salman Khan keeps his word; promotes ‘Happy New Year’ on ‘Bigg Boss’ but without Shah Rukh Khan )
In Kolkata to promote his latest release ‘Happy New Year’, the 48-year-old actor said wherever there is a platform they talk about each other’s work and promote it in the way possible.
On last weekend’s episode of ‘Bigg Boss’, Salman had promoted the film by doing a small gig for SRK and he had even tweeted about the movie.
‘Happy New Year’ director Farah Khan said Salman has always been their friend. “He has been very encouraging and he loves the madness of our movies,” she said.
The two superstars, who had a public fall out in 2008, are now seen to be sharing positive vibes and even greeting each other at parties.

Mphasis Reports July-September Quarter Net at Rs. 160 CroreAviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
New Delhi:
HP-owned IT services firm Mphasis today reported a net profit of Rs 160.20 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2014.
This is against a profit of Rs 190.22 crore for the quarter ended October 31, 2013.
The company's revenue stood at Rs 1,464.87 crore in the quarter under review as against Rs 1,594.03 crore in the corresponding period.
Mphasis has changed its financial year from October 31 to March 31 and therefore the numbers are not comparable.
Its direct organic business revenue in mature markets recorded a sequential growth of 2.5 per cent in Q2 FY15.
Direct business stood at 64 per cent of consolidated net revenues in the said quarter. During the quarter, it won new deals with total contract value of $65 million.
"We continue to see good traction in our direct organic business. Our focus on GRC, Digital and AMS is paying off," Mphasis CEO Ganesh Ayyar said.
The banking and capital market segment contributed Rs 611.4 crore to the quarter's revenues, while insurance accounted for Rs 194.79 crore.
IT, Communication and Entertainment vertical contributed Rs 246.79 crore and Emerging Industries segment accounted for Rs 406.11 crore of the quarter's revenues.
Story first published on: October 30, 2014 15:36 (IST)

Sell gold if it rallies to $1 220-25/ounceSell gold if it rallies to $1,220-25/ounce
Gnanasekaar T
Stop-loss:$1,233; target:$1,145
October 30, 2014:  
Comex gold futures were sharply lower on Thursday after the Federal Reserve ended its bond-buying stimulus programme on an unexpectedly hawkish note. The Fed statement on Wednesday sent the dollar to its highest since October 6, while US rate futures shifted to show better-than-even chances of a rate hike. In the bullion markets, more producer selling and speculative selling is expected in the coming weeks on the back of heightened negative sentiment. In a reflection of investor sentiment, the world's largest gold-backed exchange-traded fund, SPDR Gold Trust, said its holdings fell 1.2 tonnes to 742.40 tonnes on Wednesday, a six-year low.
Comex gold futures moved as expected. As cautioned earlier, though the short-term picture looks supportive for prices, the weekly picture still shows incredible weakness and the current upward movement could prove to be a corrective rebound within a larger downtrend. Also, a close below $1,219/oz has opened the downside again for a break below $1,180 and a subsequent move lower towards $1,050 levels in the coming months. Any pullbacks to $1,218-20 should find strong resistance in the coming sessions. Only a rise above $1,232 could cause doubts on our bearish view. Our favoured view expects resistances to cap for a decline below $1,180, targeting $1,145-50 initially.
The wave counts have to be revisited again. Fall below $1,250 has forced us to abandon any bullish hopes and look at a bearish one targeting $1,050. We feel the current set of moves from $1,175 to $1,435 is a corrective wave four in an impulse which began from the high of $1,920, with an equality target at $1,020. However, there are many intermediate levels from where good retracement can be seen. The $1,120-25 could prove to be a good intermediate support. Ideally, from this area, a pullback higher towards $1,300 looks likely. RSI is in the oversold zone now indicating a possible upward correction in the offing. The averages in MACD have once again gone below the zero line of the indicator indicating a strong reversal. Only a cross over again above the zero line could hint at hopes of a bullish revival.
Therefore, look to sell Comex gold on rallies to $1,220-25 with a stop-loss of $1,233 targeting $1,145.
Supports are at $1,195, 1,175 and 1,145 and Resistances are at $1,220, 1,235 and 1,255.
The writer is the Director of Commtrendz Research and there is risk of loss in trading.
(This article was published on October 30, 2014)
Related

Develop Your Competitive Edge by Increasing Your Valuereddit
In the last article I wrote, I spoke about the parallels between the city of Detroit and your federal career and how the only way to stand out from the crowd is develop your competitive edge. In this article, I'll describe various ways you can do that. Before we dive in, let's give you some perspective.
In his book, The Start-up of You: Adapt to the Future, Invest in Yourself, and Transform Your Career, Reid Hoffman shares this insight, "In 2009, a billboard sat along the 101 Highway in the Bay Area that said: "1,000,000 people overseas can do your job. What makes you so special?" While one million might be an exaggeration, what is not an exaggeration is that there are lots of people who can and want to do your job. So once again the question becomes, what makes you stand out, what is your competitive edge?
In life, we know that anything worth having is usually worth fighting for and for anything desirable there is usually competition. Do you like football? Me too. But how easy is it to get a playoff ticket? Is there any competition involved? You better believe it. Or, do you have any college-bound kids with their heart set on a certain college? Is there any competition involved in getting accepted? Oh yes. Then its safe to say, that if you want to get paid more, promoted faster, and land your dream job, there is competition there too.
As federal employees we have to think like entrepreneurs. Being better than your counterparts is a prerequisite for federal survival.
In the corporate world, competitive edge is defined as an area of excellence that gives a company a distinct edge over its competition. What is your personal competitive edge in the work world? What do you absolutely excel at that gives you an advantage over your co-workers? What exceptional skill do you possess that is in strong demand?
Contribution is Key
In its simplest terms, your job is as secure as your ability to render value in excess of your cost. If you want to earn more, you have to find a way to increase your value. Your contribution to your organization needs to be more valuable than what you are currently being paid.
I'll give you an example; I am always looking for ways to help out my federal organization. I am constantly sharing ideas with my manager that can help our bottom line as an organization. He in turn, shares the ideas with his senior managers and as a result I have been able to help out on numerous high-profile projects. In fact, I recently took it upon myself to write a proposal for how our organization can be more innovative with social media. Because of that, I will now be working on our social media task force.  This opportunity would never have come about if I did not first add value and take the initiative to do things that are not in my job description.
Today there is only one way to survive in the federal workplace: You must become known as the go-to and idea-generating person who works circles around others to provide value to your superiors. Your name must become synonymous with excellent, high-quality work. If you become known as someone who provides massive value, you will always be paid more and promoted faster. You will not have to look for opportunities; they will knock on your door and introduce themselves to you.
Add Value Every Day - the KSA way
If you want to stand out from your colleagues, you have to find a way to contribute value every work day. Your knowledge, skills and abilities (KSA) in this area is critical because they are investments. But remember investments can either appreciate or depreciate.
That's why once you've learned a subject or a skill, you have to continually develop new ones. In order to stay competitive, you have to add to what you already know.
One way is by taking advantage of any training that your federal organization provides. Another way is by enrolling in some online courses, such as what you will find at Lynda.com. Or perhaps you can take a night class.
Some skills are absolutely essential to your fulfilling your peak potential. If you do not continue to develop those skills then you risk jeopardizing your career and financial goals. Knowledge is doubling faster than in years past, so you must be stubborn, doggedly so about increasing your skills.
Don't fall into the trap of saying I went to school and I have a degree. That's great if you did, but be aware that unless you keep current and up-to-date in your field, you will get left behind.
If you had to have surgery, would you want the doctor that only has his/her degree, but has never bothered to stay up-to-date on the latest advancements or would you want the doctor that says I can do the surgery, I have a degree I got 10 years ago.  Me too! (I'm hoping you chose the former).
To succeed in life, you need leverage. Leverage is defined as the power to act effectively. You can show that you are acting effectively by learning as much as you can on a continual basis in your niche area. You need to have skill advantages over the next job candidate, that is your leverage in the workplace.
Prepare Now For Your Next Job
Whatever job you are doing now, you should be preparing for your next job. Don't get too comfortable. Always challenge yourself. Even if you are happy with the job you are in today, ask yourself, what would happen if my job was abolished today, what other department would I like to be in, what skills do I have?
In my federal organization, many of the top senior managers are nearing their eligibility for retirement. Not all those positions will be filled, but some will. You should start now to develop the skills you need to have, so that one day you can easily step into those shoes. That's what I'm doing.
Businessman Peter Drucker once said, "The best way to predict the future is to create it." Start now to create the future you want by preparing for your next job now.
Never Eat Alone
"You can get everything you want in life, if you just help enough other people get what they want," said late Zig Ziglar.
I agree.
If you'd like to be promoted from a marketing specialist to an analyst, it may mean that you first have to build a new relationship with a key person in your organization. Oftentimes, it's not those who you know, but those who know you that are important in advancing your federal career.
Getting the job or obtaining the referral comes down to building relationships. The new currency today is relationships. But you must be sincere. You must truly want to help someone get what they want and then you will be able to get what you want.
So today, look to find what you can do to help others. Start building relationships and you will see how quickly you will be able to network yourself to a new job opportunity.
An excellent book that shines light on this topic is Never Eat Alone: And Other Secrets to Success, One Relationship at a Time by Keith Ferrazzi. In his book, Ferrazzi's describes his ability to connect with others and develop long-lasting relationships is based on generosity and helping friends connect with other friends.
It All Begins With Your Choice
There is a quote I especially love by High Point University President Nido Qubein that says, "For the timid, change is frightening, for the comfortable change is threatening, but for the confident, change is opportunity."
In order to grow and achieve what you have never achieved before, you must become someone you have never been before. Choose to become the person you were meant to be. Let your light shine, for when you do, you inspire others to do the same. Don't continue to play small.
Just think, next year, you will be somewhere. But where you end up will be determined by what you do every day up till then. Remember, for the confident, change is opportunity. Don't let this opportunity pass you by. Develop your competitive edge today.
P.S. If you were asked to state in one sentence or less what you do better than anyone else, could you? If not, now is the time to start preparing that statement. Decide on one area in your professional life that you want to be known for. Do everything you can to make yourself stand out from the crowd. If you do this, you will be paid more and promoted faster than all those around you.
I think this is such an important subject that I've written a book that talks more about the topic.
Follow Meiko S. Patton on Twitter: www.twitter.com/careersavvyfed
More:
Competitive Edge Skills Reid Hoffman
This Blogger's Books and Other Items from...

LIC sees opportunity in divestment of ONGC and SAILE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Yuriko K. Nakao / Reutersyuriko k. nakao / reuters
Airline fares are inching upThe main terminal at Washington Dulles International Airport is shown Oct. 2, 2014 in Dulles, Va. (Mark Wilson/Getty Images)
The cost of flying keeps edging up as airline consolidations and post-recession pricing make tickets more expensive.
The average domestic ticket climbed by $10 — from $386 to $396 — in the second quarter of this year, according to data released this week by the U.S. Department of Transportation. The DOT said the highest average ticket price was being paid by people flying out of Cincinnati — $523 — while the lowest was from Sanford, Fla., north of Orlando — $111.
Though some in Congress have pushed legislation to allow airline advertising that separates base prices from the variety of additional fees, the DOT does not. It does its fare calculations “based on the total ticket value, which consists of the price charged by the airlines plus any additional taxes and fees levied by an outside entity at the time of purchase.” That “at time time of purchase” is key, because the DOT doesn’t take into account charges, such as baggage fees that are paid at the airport.
Ashley Halsey reports on national and local transportation.

Haslett could mix it up vs. VikingsBy Mike Jones October 30 Follow @mikejoneswapo
Throughout the offseason and preseason, Redskins defensive players and coordinator Jim Haslett talked about plans to utilize a more aggressive approach this season. “Unleashed” is the adjective they most commonly used to describe the anticipated style.
Cowboys quarterback Tony Romo is sacked by Keenan Robinson, one of five by Washington in the game. (Photo by Jonathan Newton/The Washington Post)
But aside from Week 2 against Jacksonville, the defense still struggled to mount a consistently disruptive attack. Monday, the Redskins featured a game plan that best fit the description of “unleashed,” as Haslett dialed up 20 blitzes against Tony Romo and the Cowboys.
The Redskins racked up five sacks, another four hits on the quarterback and also forced three fumbles, two recovered by Washington. Romo and the Cowboys struggled as a result, and following one second-half sack by linebacker Keenan Robinson, Romo left the game with a back injury. The quarterback later returned.
Haslett praised his assistants in coming up with a game plan that worked so effectively, and his players for executing the plans as directed. But he said there’s no guarantee that he uses the same aggressive approach in this Sunday’s game at Minnesota.
“This was over the top a little bit, but we just felt – going into the game we knew what we wanted to do based on personnel groupings and who was in the game,” Haslett said of Monday’s tactics. “We just got into it, and we kept running the stuff. The guys were good with it, they mixed stuff up. They were into it.”
Haslett wants his players in attack mode each week, but his tactics will vary, he said.
“We’ll switch based on who we’re playing, protections, what kind of guy we’re playing, what kind of a football team,” Haslett explained.
The Redskins on Sunday will face a rookie quarterback in Teddy Bridgewater, who on Sunday will make his fourth consecutive start, and his fifth of the season. Bridgewater has had his struggles, throwing just two touchdowns and five interceptions while getting sacked 16 times.
Haslett said the Redskins can’t afford to overlook the draft’s 32nd overall pick, however.
“He’s a guy that’s very talented, has a big arm. He’s athletic and can run around, Haslett said. “He’s just trying to come into his own for that football team. He’s going to be a heck of a football player.”
Haslett will not tip his hand regarding his game plan for Bridgewater, but Coach Jay Gruden expressed confidence that Haslett’s unit has the versatility to attack in a variety of ways.
“Every week is a different game plan for every quarterback, every team,” he said. “Some teams you might want to blitz more. Some teams you might want to drop eight and play more coverage. And that will be game-dependent, play-dependent, score dependent. You know, it all changes based on the situation of the game and the play and the series. So, we’ve got them all in there. … Coach Haslett does a good job of mixing them up and trying to keep quarterbacks confused and break their rhythm.”
More from The Post:

Fugitive sought in Pa. trooper ambush is capturedBy Abby Ohlheiser October 30 Follow @abbyohlheiser
Authorities say they plan to seek the death penalty against Eric Frein, a survivalist accused of ambushing two Pennsylvania state troopers, killing one and seriously wounding the other. (AP)
Suspected cop killer Eric Frein is in custody, Pennsylvania state police said on Thursday, ending a lengthy manhunt for one of the FBI’s most-wanted fugitives .
In a brief, emailed statement to The Post, Trooper Connie Devens confirmed that police have taken Eric Frein into custody. Police will release further information at “a later time.” Devens declined to confirm other details pertaining to Frein’s capture.
Two law enforcement officials speaking to the Associated Press said that Frein was captured Thursday by U.S. Marshals in an abandoned airplane hangar.
Pennsylvania state police said on Thursday they have captured Eric Frein, the man accused of killing one state trooper and seriously injuring another during an ambush outside police barracks. (AP)
A reporter at WBRE tweeted what is reportedly the first photo of Frein in custody:
Frein photo from State Police source. pic.twitter.com/Usa7DRH2jc
— Andy Mehalshick (@AndyMehalshick) October 30, 2014
Frein’s listing on the FBI’s most wanted site now reads, “Captured.” “Our thanks to the public and our partners,” the FBI said in a tweeted statement.  
The capture ends a 48-day search for the man accused of killing a Pennsylvania state trooper , Bryon Dickson, and wounding another, Alex Douglass, on Sept. 12 in an ambush outside of Blooming Grove state police barracks.
More than 1,000 Pennsylvania officers  have participated in the search for Frein in the dense woods of the Pocono Mountains .
Frein, 31, is a survivalist who eluded capture for weeks, despite several reports of sightings. However, authorities found several items believed to belong to Frein in the mountains, including military-style food packs, pipe bombs, ammunition and clothing .
Police also found a handwritten journal , which included what police described as a “cold-blooded” account of the Sept. 12 ambush.
The lengthy hunt unnerved nearby communities.  Several schools closed in northeastern Pennsylvania last week as police investigated a possible sighting of the suspect.
Barrett Township authorities cancelled Halloween . According to NBC’s Philadelphia affiliate, Halloween is now back on after Frein’s capture.
1 of 31

Judge Andrew J. Guilford  Modern headings to head readers the right wayBy Eugene Volokh October 30 Follow @volokhc
I thought I’d pass along this very interesting article by Judge Andrew J. Guilford, from today’s L.A. Daily Journal. I think the heading style he suggests is functionally better in many ways, for the reasons he mentions. The risk, though, is that, because it’s unusual and unfamiliar to many readers, it might be jarring and offputting to some, despite its functional advantages; so while I’d gladly use it in Judge Guilford’s courtroom, it might be dangerous for lawyers to use unless they’re confident that their readers prefer it.
1.0 A HEADS UP ON HEADINGS
1.1 Today’s Heading Style is Broken and Needs Fixing
Judges and lawyers must deliver vast amounts of information fast and clearly. Headings are an important tool in this but often are awkward, archaic and uninformative. They need an upgrade, leaving the old style on the barn floor with horseshoe hammers and wagon wheel wrenches.
Consider a judge in the middle of a jury trial when defense counsel raises an issue concerning laches, and cites a page in a long opinion. The judge declares a short recess and rushes to her chambers to read the case. Immediately, an assistant says there’s an important phone call needing a quick response, and a law clerk rushes up with an emergency ex parte matter.
The judge finds the cited opinion and locates the pincite, realizing there’s not enough time to read the entire opinion. But the analysis at the pincite doesn’t seem relevant — it discusses the defendant’s delay, which doesn’t seem to fit a laches issue. To get context, the judge checks the heading. Two pages earlier, she finds “vi. Laches,” a typical oldstyle heading using Roman numerals. She scrolls back, wondering what subheading would have six subsubheadings. In a rush, she misses a heading, but finds “iv. Statute of Limitations” and “iii. Privilege.” Finally, she comes to a heading “C. Damages.” Now confused, with time running out, she sets aside the research to handle the phone call and ex parte matter. Her time was wasted because of inadequate headings.
1.2 A Great Tool: Hierarchical Headings with Advancing Modern Numerals
Now consider if the heading at the pincite said “4.1.6 Laches.” This indicates a hierarchical system using modern numbers starting at “1.0.” Our judge could quickly track the numbers directly to the subheading “4.1. COUNTERCLAIM DEFENSES.” The appearance of “Counterclaim” would have immediately explained why 4.1.6 referenced the defendant’s delay. Using such a hierarchical heading system makes it easier to track the flow of arguments in an opinion. The same is true for a lawyer’s briefs. This efficiency alone justifies such a system.
Using this simple system reveals other more nuanced advantages. If a reference is needed to another section, it’s more aesthetically appealing to write “See Section 4.1.6” rather than “See Section “IV.A.vi.” It’s more modern, and that might be the problem for some who prefer a dusty, archaic style believing that it denotes authority and dignity. But dusty dignity comes at the cost of efficient readability. And that’s a cost a writer can’t afford.
It’s true that advancing modern numerals becomes clunky when extended beyond three digits (like 4.1.6.2), but the odd use of Roman numerals is unbearable at such lengths. And the awkwardness of a four-digit heading is a good reminder that the writing itself suffers when broken down beyond three headings and subheadings.
So why in 21st century America do we do as the Romans did MCM years ago? Improving readability by rejecting Roman numerals is obvious to those who can’t determine the age of an old movie because the rolling credits describe the year with “Ls” and “Ds” whose meaning is as lost as Latin now is to most Italians. (If you know why a movie wouldn’t be made in a year with a “D,” you’re likely a Phi Beta Kappa, Summa Cum Laude in Latin — and those two phrases in Greek and Latin might also be modernized.) Roman numerals also risk the meaning getting lost in translation. Witness the Indian TV news anchor recently fired for referring to Chinese President Xi Jinping as “Eleven Jinping.” Or the reports of people referencing World War II as “World War Eleven.”
Books on legal writing uniformly attack the use of legalese and bureaucratese. See for example Eugene Volokh, “Academic Legal Writing” 123 (4th Ed. 2010). Targets of these attacks include “impenetrable Latin and other foreign phrases that tempt even the best writers.” Tom Goldstein and Jethro Lieberman, “The Lawyer’s Guide to Writing Well” 119 (1989). Just as bad content results from Latin phrases, so bad headings result from Roman numerals.
Perhaps the days for Roman numerals are numbered. America’s greatest sporting event at long last is embracing the 21st century: Super Bowl 50 will carry exactly that crisp, modern name. Apparently when you’re selling bread and circuses (and anything else for $133,000 a second), “Super Bowl L” is a flub. Maybe judges and lawyers should grab that ball and run with it.
The American Psychiatric Association also recently rejected the Roman numeral craze in its “Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders” (DSM). The DSM-IV has been replaced by the elegant DSM-5. Even style manuals are recognizing the benefits of modern headings. See for example Matthew Butterick, “Typography for Lawyers: Essential Tools for Polished & Persuasive Documents” 106-107 (2014).
Yet modern headings appear almost nowhere in judicial opinions. A quick search of federal cases reveals that around 2011, a district judge and magistrate judge in Wisconsin used the modern system. See, e.g., Executive Center III LLC v. Meieran, 823 F. Supp. 2d 883 (E.D. Wis. 2011); Bautista v. Village of Lomira, 2013 WL 2405443 (E.D. Wis. 2013). A district judge in Florida has, too. See Hillcrest Property LLP v. Pasco County, 939 F. Supp. 2d 1240 (M.D. Fla. 2013). I used it over my 30 years as a lawyer and I’ve used it since becoming a judge in 2006. See, e.g., U.S. v. Rosales, 516 F.3d 749 (9th Cir. 2008), Dealertrack v. Huber, 460 F. Supp. 2d 1177 (C.D. Cal 2006), C.K.E. Restaurant v. Jack in the Box Inc., 494 F. Supp. 2d 1139 (C.D. Cal. 2007). Perhaps this reflects that we four judges are missing something. Or maybe change is upon us, with more judges crossing the Rubicon and storming the barricades of outdated style.
1.3 A Great Tool: Headings That Inform
Beyond the importance of a helpful modern numbering system are headings that maximize the information provided. Our busy judge’s problem would have been solved with a heading that stated, “Laches Bars the Counterclaim.” It’s good to have headings that generally define the issue, such as “Laches,” but it’s better to have headings that state the conclusion of what follows. At times that produces an inelegantly long heading, but it’s worth considering.
2.0 THE SUPREME COURT’S “QUESTIONABLE” PRACTICE
The U.S. Supreme Court will have none of this modernity. Its headings are sparse, archaic and uninformative. Patent cases suggest modernity, but in a recent patent case involving heart monitors, Nautilus v. Biosig Instruments, 124 S.Ct. 2120 (June 2, 2014), at page 2131, the following heading dangles alone, perhaps indicating the section relates to something intravenous:
IV
Why do this? Perhaps a commitment to stare decisis leads to the continued use of established style. Or perhaps the high court seeks dignity at the cost of readability. Or perhaps a heading without description gives the writer great freedom to wander down side paths. But a busy trial judge who might normally enjoy such meanderings might be irritated during a short recess when answers are needed.
Perhaps the Supreme Court should recognize the wisdom of what’s been written in a recent book by Justice Antonin Scalia and Bryan Garner acknowledging “that headings are useful navigational aids.” Antonin Scalia and Bryan A. Garner, “Reading Law: The Interpretation of Legal Texts” 221 (2012). Similarly, in another book, Scalia and Garner provide this revealing passage:
“Many court opinions dispense with captions for sections and subsections, relying on numbers and letters alone (I, II, and III; A, B, and C within each). Whatever the value of that practice in opinions (and even that is questionable), it’s not a good approach for briefs. Since clarity is the all-important objective, it helps to let the reader know in advance what topic you’re about to discuss. Headings are most effective if they’re full sentences announcing not just the topic but your position on the topic: Not ‘I. Statute of Limitations’ but ‘I. The statute of limitations was tolled while the plaintiff suffered from amnesia.’“ Scalia and Garner, “Making Your Case: The Art of Persuading Judges” 108 (2008).
The established practice in opinions is indeed “questionable.” Though not sitting in Rome, the Supreme Court insists on doing like the Romans did millennia ago, and avoids informative headings. Perhaps the Supreme Court should also cross the Rubicon with the rest of us.
3.0 CONCLUSION
Headings are helpful, and there are numerous ways to make them more helpful. A (too?) clever writer might even come to the end at heading “3.0,” which is close to the “30” that means in journalistic copy: THE END. (And is also the number of Maury Wills, the greatest shortstop ever for the Los Angeles Dodgers, who belongs in the Hall of Fame.)
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

Allstate s homeowner rolls grow for 1st time since 2006Allstate's homeowner rolls grow for 1st time since 2006
Allstate headquarters
It's been 8 years, but number of homeowners' policies on Allstate's books increases
Esurance remains unprofitable, growth rate slowing
Allstate “in conversations with everybody,” including automakers, about telematics
Allstate accomplished something in the third quarter it hasn't done since 2006: grow the number of homeowners' policies on its books.
After Hurricane Katrina in 2005, the Northbrook-based home and auto insurer reduced its exposure to such catastrophe-prone areas as Florida and Louisiana. Allstate historically also has shown a willingness to cede market share to maintain its profit margins.
0
As a result, the number of homeowners' policies on its books has fallen for years. In recent quarters, however, that decline has slowed, and, in the quarter ended Sept. 30, Allstate grew its homeowners' policies count, to 6.082 million from 6.077 million. Its peak was 7.8 million.
"While it is by a small number of policies, it is pretty widespread; widespread geographically and widespread in terms of being both favorable new business and retention," Matt Winter, head of Allstate's personal insurance lines, told analysts during a Thursday earnings call. "We now have 21 states that are growing year-over-year" in the number of homeowners.
Allstate's Esurance arm continues to lose money. Allstate bought the online seller of coverage in 2011 for $1 billion to better take on Geico and Progressive. Esurance had policy growth of 14 percent in the quarter, but that growth rate has slowed from a 32 percent policy growth rate in the same period a year ago as Allstate tries to improve the unit's profits, including by charging higher prices for coverage.
"We like the deal," Allstate Chief Executive Tom Wilson said in response to an analyst question about Esurance. "We're glad we paid a lot of money for it, and we are even happier that it has turned out to be growing, and we're going to make money on it."
One analyst asked about Allstate's spending on stock buybacks and dividends.
In the third quarter, it paid $122 million in common stock dividends and bought back $926 million in common stock.
For perspective, it had operating income of nearly $600 million in the third quarter.
"We have plenty of capital and are feeling good about our returns," CEO Wilson replied.
Another analyst asked why Allstate — which has driver-monitoring programs, including mobile apps and devices that plug into cars, that offer potential discounts — doesn't strike a deal with an automaker to work on connected cars.
"The average age of the fleet is 11 years old," Wilson said. "So there are a whole bunch of people out there driving that we would like to offer them the opportunity to get more sophisticated pricing as opposed to waiting until they buy a new car."
But Wilson said Allstate is "actively in conversations with everybody," including automakers and telecommunications companies, about driver-monitoring programs, commonly called "telematics."
After the market closed Wednesday, Allstate reported higher-than-expected third-quarter profits as it generated more in premiums.
At midday Thursday, Allstate shares were up 1.4 percent to $63.89, beating the wider market.

Bharti Airtel net rises 25%  beats estimatesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Train lens on black money within country: Arun Jaitley to I-TE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Global internet groups go on a spreeSoaring costs of global internet competition can be overlooked
By Richard Waters
Ramp-up in costs reflects intensified competition as well as upgrades to long-term ambitions
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b2af94c6-5ff2-11e4-98e6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

What is Snapchat for© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1434d9bc-5dce-11e4-897f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Banking innovation in Midwest 
About the authors
Richard Waters has headed the FT's San Francisco bureau since 2002 and covers Google and Microsoft, among other things. A former New York bureau chief for the FT, he is intrigued by Silicon Valley's unique financial and business culture, and is looking forward to covering his second Tech Bust.
Chris Nuttall has been online and messing around with computers for more than 20 years. He reported from the FT's San Francisco bureau on semiconductors, video games, consumer electronics and all things interwebby from 2004 to 2013, before returning to London.
Tim Bradshaw is the FT's digital media correspondent, and has just moved from London to join our team in San Francisco. He has covered start-ups such as Twitter and Spotify, as well as the online ambitions of more established media companies, such as the BBC iPlayer. He also covers the advertising, marketing and video-game industries. Tim has been writing about technology, business and finance since 2003.
Robert Cookson is the FT's digital media correspondent in London. He covers digital enterprise in media, from the music industry to local newspapers and social networks such as Facebook and Twitter. A former Hong Kong markets correspondent, he is interested in the interplay between old media and new technologies.
Hannah Kuchler writes about technology and Silicon Valley from the FT's San Francisco bureau. She covers social media including Facebook and Twitter and the dark and mysterious world of cybersecurity. Hannah has worked for the FT in London, Hong Kong and New York, reporting on everything from British politics to the Chinese internet.
Sarah Mishkin in a correspondent in San Francisco, where she covers payments, e-commerce, and political news on the West Coast. Prior to California, she has worked as an FT reporter in New York, London, Abu Dhabi, Hong Kong, and most recently in Taiwan, where she covered Chinese internet companies, semiconductors, and tech supply chains.

Tim Cook says Im proud to be gayApple chief executive Tim Cook says ‘I’m proud to be gay’
John Aglionby in London and Tim Bradshaw in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/584fbfc2-6026-11e4-88d1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Shadow banking nears pre-crisis peak© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/71f5fd1e-6045-11e4-98e6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Find ways to love the shadow banksJune 20, 2014 7:40 pm
We should find ways to love the shadow banks
By Brooke Masters
Some critics think the biggest global banks are too big to manage
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c461e02e-f7bb-11e3-b2cf-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Banking must stay out of the shadowsBanking must stay out of the shadows
Authorities must keep close tabs on activities of non-banks
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/52dc81f2-f86a-11e3-a333-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Largest economies must fix the eurozoneOctober 29, 2014 5:45 pm
Largest economies must fix the eurozone
Olli Rehn and Jean Arthuis
Only peer pressure, opprobrium and fear will shake leaders up, write Olli Rehn and Jean Arthuis
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/045fbf5a-5f7e-11e4-a882-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Russian oil: Between a rock and a hard place© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/fc354a6a-5dcb-11e4-b7a2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Jerusalem on edge after shooting of rabbiJerusalem on edge after shooting of rabbi
John Reed and Joel Greenberg in Jerusalem
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7a481fbc-6007-11e4-88d1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Meet the hunks and hotties of  RoarCelebrity
Meet the hunks and hotties of 'Roar'
Get ready to applaud the tough and the beautiful in the high octane action thriller 'Roar:Tigers of the Sundarbans' with its mind boggling visual effects and international production values.
The filmmakers after 6 months of casting process got together an ensemble cast of great performers like television hunk Abhinav Shukla, ex-mariner and Mr India 2010 Aaran Chaudhary,the suave and ... more 
The filmmakers after 6 months of casting process got together an ensemble cast of great performers like television hunk Abhinav Shukla, ex-mariner and Mr India 2010 Aaran Chaudhary,the suave and smooth Aadil Chahal, the charming Ali Quli Mirza, currently entertaining audiences in Bigg Boss and Varinder Singh Ghuman, India’s first professional vegetarian bodybuilder who is leaving a mark in the international circuit. less 
1 / 30

ICICI Bank net up 15% at Rs 2 709 crE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Mahatma Gandhi seems incomplete without Sardar Patel: Modiceremony
‘Country which forgets history can never create it ’
Prime Minister Narendra Modi flagged off the ‘Run for Unity’ from Rajpath on Friday morning to commemorate independent India's first Home Minister and his hero Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel’s 139th birth anniversary.
The event, which saw the participation of a large number of people including school children, was celebrated as Rashtriya Ekta Diwas or national unity day. The PM was joined by Cabinet Ministers and several prominent sports personalities including cricketer Gautam Gambhir and boxer Sushil Kumar.
Earlier, Mr Modi said, “Sardar Patel’s life was a journey of service to the motherland and he was truly the architect of modern India.” “Sardar Patel’s life is a journey of deep-rooted courage, dedication and service to the Motherland. The country which forgets history can never create history and go forward, so for a country filled with aspirations, a country whose youth has dream, we should not forget our personalities of history.... country should not divide history and legacy according to our ideologies,” he added.
PTI reports
PM receives Patel memorabilia
Plates, cups, saucers and other items used by Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel were on Friday handed over by their custodian to Prime Minister Narendra Modi.The personal belongings were presented to Mr. Modi at his residence by Sheila Ghatate of the Delhi-based Manjiri Trust, a PMO statement said. These items had been willed to Ghatate by Bipin Dahyabhai Patel, grandson of Sardar Patel, and his wife Lui, the statement said.
“These items are a unique part of India’s heritage,” Modi wrote on his Facebook page.

Soon  drive non-stop and pay tolls speeding through  FASTag  laneE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

One week after  Happy New Year   Rekha s  Super Nani  releases todayWIll 'Super Nani' be able to apply the brakes on Happy New Year's record breaking spree?
Written by Sunitra Pacheco , Edited by Sarika Sharma | Mumbai | Posted: October 31, 2014 8:03 am
Shah Rukh Khan’s Happy New Year took the box office by storm last week and now veteran actress Rekha is making her comeback on the silver screen after a long hiatus.
We have a feeling it’s going to be a good day, especially since veteran actress Rekha who has been missing from the silver screen since 2010, marks her return in drama flick, ‘Super Nani’.
Directed by Indra Kumar, ‘Super Nani’ tells the tale of a grandson who encourages his grandmother to take charge of her life and live it, instead of slaving away over the constants wants and needs of those around her.
Also starring Sharman Joshi, Shweta Kumar, Randhir Kapoor, Anupam Kher and Rajesh Kumar among others, ‘Super Nani’ is said to carry with it a strong message to all women – to discover the power they carry and use it without holding back.
But will it be able to apply the brakes on Happy New Year’s record breaking spree? Only time will tell.
The next release for this week is first-time director Sabal Singh Sheikhawat’s ‘Fireflies’. Starring actors Rahul Khanna, Arjun Mathur and Monica Dogra, the film revolves around two estranged brothers, both of whose lives turn out completely different from the other. But, certain events can bring back these blood ties long forgotten.
Kamal Sadanah’s ‘Roar: Tigers of Sunderbans’ and Sachindra Sharma’s ‘Mumbai Can Dance Saala’ also hit screens today. Film’s lead actor Ali Quli Mirza is currently in the ‘Bigg Boss’ house.

Continuing the debate over Clarence Thomas and KorematsuBy Ilya Somin October 31
Drake Law School Professor Mark Kende has put up another post in our continuing exchange over the question of whether Justice Thomas supports the Supreme Court’s notorious decision in Korematsu v. United States (1944), which upheld the internment of over 100,000 Japanese-Americans during World War II. Mark continues to claim that Thomas supports Korematsu, while I remain unconvinced. For links to all of the previous arguments by both sides, see my last post on this issue.
By this point, I think both of us have stated our positions at some length, and we have gone over the admittedly limited available evidence fairly thoroughly. Short of unearthing a definitive statement of his views from Thomas himself, there may not be much more we can say.
In the meantime, I want to to clear up a misinterpretation of my position in Mark’s most recent response – a mistake that I myself am partly responsible for. In earlier posts in the series, I noted that Thomas’ deference to the use of racial classifications in the prison context in Johnson v. California (2005) does not prove that he would also approve of its use in Korematsu because “the Japanese-Americans interned [during World War II] had never been convicted of any crime, or even charged with one. Thus, they are not covered by various precedents holding that convicted criminals incarcerated for their crimes have much weaker constitutional rights than ordinary citizens.” Mark correctly points out that Fred Korematsu and a few of the others had in fact been convicted of violating military orders requiring their internment and (less often) other crimes.
I am, of course, aware of Korematsu’s conviction. My point, however, was that the internment itself was not a punishment for any crime, and conviction was not a prerequisite for being interned. Japanese-Americans living on the West Coast were rounded up purely based on their race, not based on whether they had been convicted of a crime or charged with one. That made their status legally different from that of prisoners incarcerated because they had been charged and convicted, and therefore (at least according to longstanding Supreme Court precedent) have diminished constitutional rights as a result. I am sorry I didn’t make this point as clearly as I should have in my earlier post, thereby causing Mark to misinterpret me.
In the case of Korematsu himself, the constitutional question at issue was not (as in Johnson) the constitutionality of his treatment in prison after being duly convicted of a crime, but the constitutionality of the law under which he was convicted in the first place (the race-based internment order). There is an obvious difference between the two situations. I think Mark would agree that, just because Thomas is willing to defer to prison authorities who use racial segregation to manage already incarcerated inmates, that does not mean that he would similarly uphold laws that impose racial segregation outside of prison and impose prison sentences as punishment for disobedience. This obvious distinction is almost certainly the reason why, as I previously noted , Justice Scalia both joined Thomas’ dissent in Johnson and also condemned the Court’s ruling in Korematsu.
Mark also argues, given Thomas’ well-known willingness to ” write… openly about his disagreement with precedent or with other commonly held views,” he would not have cited Korematsu in various opinions without indicating his disagreement with that precedent, if he did indeed disagree with it. As I noted previously, Thomas’ citations to Korematsu have been limited to references to its largely uncontroversial elements (that strict scrutiny applies to racial classifications, and that national security is a “compelling interest” that can potentially pass the strict scrutiny test). Moreover, Thomas’ lack of reticence cuts both ways. If he is indeed eager to express his disagreements with “commonly held views,” even when it is not essential to the outcome of the case he is considering, surely he would have taken advantage of at least one of the opportunities he has had to express his disagreement with the widely held view that Korematsu is wrong (and not just wrong, but one of the worst decisions in Supreme Court history). Even more tellingly, a justice so willing to express dissent from conventional wisdom would not have joined the part of Justice Sandra Day O’Connor’s opinion for the Court in Adarand Constructors v. Pena (1995), where she harshly criticized Korematsu .
Mark cannot have it both ways here. If Thomas is so eager to express his views on past precedents that he would surely have seized on an opportunity to denounce Korematsu had he opposed it, then it is equally true that he would have surely have endorsed it if he supported it. At the very least, he would take care not to endorse language in other justices’ opinions that runs counter to his own views on the subject.
We may never know Thomas’ views on Korematsu for certain, until he himself chooses to express them more clearly. So far, however, the available evidence suggests that he opposes it.
UPDATE: Eric Muller, a leading academic expert on Korematsu comments on our debate here . Muller suggests that what we “are actually disagreeing about, which is not Justice Thomas’s position on the rightness or wrongness of Korematsu but Justice Thomas’s views on executive power in wartime and of the Court’s role (or lack of role) in checking it.” But, as I said in my first post in this exchange, I don’t deny that Thomas has an overly broad view of wartime executive power and an overly narrow view of the Court’s role in checking in it. The question is whether his errors in that regard are severe enough to justify Korematsu. After all, as I also noted in my first post in this debate, few if any judges and legal scholars have a broader view of wartime executive power than Thomas’ former clerk John Yoo. Yet Yoo still opposes Korematsu.
Muller believes that Thomas would support the result in Korematsu based on his citation to Hirabayashi v. United States in his dissent in Hamdi , where Thomas cited it (as well as other cases) for the proposition that judicial deference to the president on war powers issues “extends to the President’s determination of all the factual predicates necessary to conclude that a given action is appropriate.” But in that very same paragraph, Thomas also approvingly quotes language from previous cases noting that a wartime detention by the president can still be invalidated if the court comes to a “clear conviction that [it is] in conflict with the Constitution or laws of Congress constitutionally enacted.” Given the enormous scale of the detentions that it authorized and the slender nature of the evidence supposedly justifying them, Korematsu seems like a blatant example of a case where such a “conviction” would be warranted, if it ever could be. Moreover, the point at issue in Korematsu was not just a purely factual determination, but whether the interests claimed by the government (even under a deferential evaluation of the supposed facts) were enough to justify a severe, ongoing restriction on the liberty of many thousands of people purely on the basis of race. If John Yoo (who also favors broad judicial deference to the president on wartime factual issues) answers that question in the negative, Thomas
could as well.
Muller also chides both Kende and me for conflating the legality of forcible removal (which, technically was the only point at issue in Korematsu) with the legality of detention in concentration camps (which technically was not). I indeed was not as careful as I should have been on this. But, as a practical matter, upholding removal meant upholding the forcible detention to which most of those removed had been subjected during the two years that had passed between the beginning of the internment and the Supreme Court’s ruling.
Ilya Somin is Professor of Law at George Mason University. His research focuses on constitutional law, property law, and popular political participation. He is the author of "The Grasping Hand: Kelo v. City of New London and the Limits of Eminent Domain" (forthcoming) and "Democracy and Political Ignorance: Why Smaller Government is Smarter."

Sonakshi  Ajay have dance ke  Keeda  in Action Jackson songPenned by Shabbir Ahmed, 'Keeda' has been composed and sung by Himesh Reshammiya and Niti Mohan.
Written by Sunitra Pacheco , Edited by Sarika Sharma | Mumbai | Posted: October 31, 2014 10:25 am
Upcoming film, ‘Action Jackson’ is finally out with its first track, ‘Keeda’ featuring lead stars Ajay Devgn and Sonkashi Sinha.
The groovy song has both actors doing some impressive dance steps a la Prabhu Dheva style. The song also seems to be a tribute to the King of Rock n Roll, Elvis Presley.
Penned by Shabbir Ahmed, ‘Keeda’ has been composed and sung by Himesh Reshammiya and Niti Mohan. The music director has successfully delivered a number of Bollywood hits like ‘O Huzoor’ and ‘Aashiq Banaya Aapne’ that were favourites with his beloved fans.
Shot in an exotic locations, ‘Keeda’ will surely have your feet tapping as both Sonakshi and Ajay show off their antics. The Sinha girl looks fabulous as she flaunts her slim and trim figure.
Directed by choreographer Prabhu Dheva, ‘Action Jackson’ is a comedy film that also stars Yami Gautam, Kunal Roy Kapur and Sonu Sood among others. The flick is slated to hit theatres on December 5, 2014.

Synod setback shows Popes limitationsSynod setback reveals limits of Pope’s ability to drive reform
James Politi in Rome
Staunch resistance among some cardinals over thorny social issues
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/21a8bed2-5b68-11e4-b68a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

IDFC gains 3%; demerges financial unit into bankYou are here: Home > Collections > Demerger
IDFC demerges financial unit into bank; stock gains
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 31, 2014, 04.18PM IST
Tags:
Bank
(IDFC Bank will issue one…)
MUMBAI: IDFC was up on buying action after getting approval from board members to demerge its financial undertaking into a wholly owned step down subsidiary IDFC Bank, the company said in a filing to stock exchanges.
IDFC Bank will issue one equity share of Rs 10 each for every one share of Rs 10 each held in IDFC as a consideration for the demerger of financial undertaking.
On the completion of the demerger, equity share capital of IDFC Bank will be held approximately 53 per cent by IDFC Financial Holding, a 100 per cent subsidiary of IDFC and approximately 47 per cent by the shareholders of IDFC.
The stock ended day at Rs 156.30, up 5.11 per cent, on the BSE. It touched a high of Rs 157.50 and a low of Rs 149.25 in trade today.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Black money: 10 developments since Narendra Modi govt took chargeComments
The Centre has submitted a list of 627 Indians who have accounts in HSBC bank, Geneva, to the Supreme Court on Wednesday, directing a special investigation team (SIT) to complete the tax probe on suspected black money by March next year.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi says he wants to prosecute tax dodgers and bring money stashed in tax havens back into the country but his opponents claim enough progress has not been made since his landslide election victory earlier this year.
Here's the ten developments since the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government took charge at the Centre in May this year:
1. May 27: Modi govt forms SIT
Signalling his government’s resolve to bring back the country’s black money stashed abroad, PM Modi’s first decision in the maiden meeting of his cabinet was to form a high-profile SIT to unearth illicit money.
The SIT is headed by former SC judge MB Shah and includes the highest-level officials from financial and economic departments as well as law enforcement agencies.
The decision came just a day before the apex court’s deadline to form the SIT was set to expire.
2. Oct 17: 'Black money info cannot be disclosed to all'
The Centre on October 17 told the SC that it could not disclose the names of those who have deposited money in banks abroad as it this would jeopardise tax agreements with nations providing those names to India.
This echoes the line taken by the previous United Progressive Alliance government, which the BJP had slammed over alleged inaction on the issue and made it into an election issue earlier this year.
Appearing before a bench headed by Chief Justice HL Dattu, Attorney general Mukul Rohatgi said that all amounts deposited in foreign banks by Indian citizens cannot be termed black money and that it is not a crime to open such accounts.
However, finance minister Arun Jaitley rejected any notion that the BJP was reluctant to make the names public.
3. Oct 17: FM says Switzerland agrees to provide details of black money
Jaitley said that Switzerland had agreed to share information on Indians’ bank accounts on independent evidence provided in each case, marking a major step in efforts to secure data from the Alpine nation, known for its banking secrecy laws.
Jaitley said Switzerland had agreed to share information related to HSBC and Liechestein lists of account holders, provided there is independent evidence collected by Indian authorities.
As per Swiss National Bank's latest data, the total money held by Indians in Swiss banks stood at over Rs. 14,000 crore as on December 2013, up by nearly 42% from a year ago.
4. Oct 27: Govt discloses eight names to SC
Days after it was criticised for backtracking on its election promise to bring back black money stashed abroad, the Modi government named seven persons and a company facing prosecution for keeping illegal wealth in foreign banks.
The much-awaited list did not include names of any politician. Those named in a government affidavit were Pradip Burman of the Dabur group, Rajkot-based bullion trader Pankaj Chimanlal Lodhya and directors of Goa-based mining company Timblo Private Limited — Radha Satish Timblo, Chetan S Timblo, Rohan S Timblo, Anna C Timblo and Mallika R Timblo. Timblo Private Limited, a firm identified by Association for Democratic Reforms as a donor to both the BJP and the Congress, was also named.
5. Oct 27: Oppn slams BJP for calling affidavit historic
Political reactions were sharp after the government revealed the names of seven persons and a company facing prosecution for keeping illegal wealth in foreign banks.
Sambit Patra, a BJP spokesperson, called disclosure of the names "a historic day in the black money case".
But Congress general secretary Digvijaya Singh accused the BJP of "selective revelation" of names and said the process smacked of "blackmail, not black money".
AAP leader Arvind Kejriwal said the revelations of black money account holders should not be selective. "There should not be selective revelation of names. The big fish are being let off," he told the media.
Congress spokesperson Abhishek Manu Singhvi cited four tweets by Modi before the Lok Sabha elections in which he had slammed the previous Manmohan Singh government for its “lack of commitment” to bring back black money from foreign banks.
6. Oct 28: SC pulls up Centre
The apex court directed the government to submit to it the names of all foreign bank account holders by Oct 29, saying it need not provide a “protective umbrella” to such persons.
The court also turned down the government’s request that it modify its order seeking the names of all such account holders. The Centre had contended that the names should be revealed only after investigations proved the accounts indeed held black money and led to prosecution against tax evaders.
7. Oct 29: Centre gives black money full list to SC
The government submitted a list of 627 Indians holding accounts in HSBC Bank, Geneva, to the court, which directed its SIT to examine them and take appropriate action.
After handing over a sealed envelope, attorney general Mukul Rohatgi said it contained three documents — the government’s correspondence with the French government, the list of names and a status report.
8. Oct 29: No revelation, for now
A special bench of the apex court headed Dattu refused to open the envelope handing over by the Centre, saying it would be done by the SIT chairman and vice-chairman.
“We don’t want to open these papers and embarrass anyone. That has never been our intention,” it said.
Scheduling the next hearing for December 3, it asked the SIT to submit a status report by November 30 after ascertaining who had black money accounts abroad.
9. Oct 29: State of confusion
On Tuesday, the top court directed the government to submit the full list after the latter said it wasn’t possible to make the names of all foreign bank account holders public. Rejecting the Centre’s submission, the CJI said, “If it breaches confidentiality, let it be so.”
But on Wednesday, the court refused to open the sealed envelope which contained the list of foreign account holders.
It was also not clear why the court insisted on getting the list from the government when the latter had submitted it to the court-appointed SIT in June.
The Centre, meanwhile, was allowed by the court to raise its objections against making all the names public before the SIT.
10. Oct 30: What's next
The SC-appointed SIT, looking into the black money cases, on Thursday said it will go after the offenders "big or small" but made it clear that confidentiality about account holders abroad will not be violated.
It also said it was gathering more names other than the over 600 account holders in HSBC bank, Geneva, given by the government to the apex court on Wednesday, for investigation.
"Before us, nobody is big, nobody is small. Everybody is equal. Whoever has looted this country will be caught and will be punished, economically and otherwise also. That we assure. Both of us (SIT chief Justice Shah) are too well known for doing it to discomfort of many people," vice chairman Justice Arijit Pasayat said.
The SIT was asked to complete the probe by next March.
What is black money
Black money arises mainly from incomes not disclosed to the government usually to avoid taxation, and, sometimes, because of its criminal links
Size of India's black economy
In 2011, the government had commissioned a joint study by three think-tanks - NIPFP, NIFM and NCAER - to estimate Indian entities' unaccounted wealth both at home and abroad. The final report has not been submitted.
India ranked fifth largest exporter of illicit money between 2002-2011, with a total of $343.04 billion, and in 2011 it was placed third when $84.93 billion was sent abroad, according to a 2013 report titled 'Illicit Financial Flows from Developing Countries: 2002-2011'
According to Global Financial Integrity (GFI), a Washington-based think-tank, Indians salted away $462 billion (about Rs. 28 lakh crore in current exchange rates) in overseas tax havens between 1948-2008.
(With inputs from HT and Agencies)

Apple CEO Tim Cook s coming-out: Will it change workplace attitudesprint
Apple CEO Tim Cook's declaration that he's "proud to be gay" wasn't exactly news in Silicon Valley, where his sexual orientation was no secret. But advocates say that given Apple's immense reach and visibility, his coming-out could help change attitudes in workplaces across America.
The 53-year-old successor to Steve Jobs made the announcement in an essay published Thursday by Bloomberg Businessweek. He is the highest-profile US business executive to publicly acknowledge that he's gay.
In a country where more major-league athletes have come out than top CEOs, business leaders said Cook's disclosure was an important step toward easing anti-gay stigma, particularly for employees in the many states where people can still be fired for their sexual orientation.
Cook, who led Out magazine's top 50 most powerful people for three years, said in the essay that while he never denied his sexuality, he never openly acknowledged it, either. He said he acted now in the hopes that his words could make a difference to others.
"I've come to realize that my desire for personal privacy has been holding me back from doing something more important," he wrote.
Cook said he considers being gay "among the greatest gifts God has given me" because it has given him both a better understanding of what it means to be in the minority and "the skin of a rhinoceros, which comes in handy when you're the CEO of Apple."
Besides Cook, there are no other openly gay CEOs in the Fortune 1,000, even though statistically, 3.4 percent of Americans identify as something other than straight, according to data from the Centers for Disease Control. Some executives of major US corporations who are openly gay at their companies declined to comment to The Associated Press.
John Browne, who resigned as British Petroleum CEO in 2007 after being outed by a tabloid and who is the author of "The Glass Closet: Why Coming Out Is Good Business," said Cook has become a role model "and will speed up changes in the corporate world."
Megan Smith, a lesbian who was a top executive at Google before recently becoming the US government's chief technology officer, predicted "people will look back at this time not only for the extraordinary technological innovations that keep coming, but also for great shifts in civil rights and inclusion of talent across our world. Tim is a big part of both of these important movements."
Fifty-three percent of workers in the US who identify as lesbian, gay, bisexual or transgender hide that part of their identity at work, according to a study by Human Rights Campaign, the nation's largest gay-rights group.
"I think it depends on where they're located, and it depends on their position in a company," said Wendy Patrick, a business ethics lecturer at San Diego State University.
She points out that executives in the 29 U.S. states that do not protect employees from being fired based on sexual orientation may still feel hesitant to come out at work.
Cook's announcement "will save countless lives," said Chad Griffin, president of Human Rights Campaign. "Apple has consistently fought for the LGBT community, and we're incredibly grateful that today's announcement will bring even more to their work for equality."
Three days ago, Cook challenged his home state of Alabama to better ensure the rights of the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender community. Alabama is among the states that do not recognize same-sex marriage, and it offers no legal protections on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity. Cook is a native of Robertsdale, Alabama and attended Auburn University.
In Silicon Valley, there's less of a stigma than in other industries and parts of the country.
"It's an engineering-based industry," said author Michael Malone, who has written several books about the evolution of Hewlett-Packard, Intel and other leading companies. "Either the person does the job or they don't. And if they don't, they're gone. And if they do the job, nobody really cares about their personal life."
It remains to be seen how the news will affect Cook's reception in conservative countries where Apple Inc. does business.
"The global reaction to this is going to be very interesting," said Todd Sears, who runs Out Leadership, a group that promotes gay rights. "Will Singapore arrest Tim Cook the next time he is there?"
In Russia, Vitaly Milonov, a city legislator in St. Petersburg notorious for his anti-gay statements, called Thursday for a lifetime ban that would bar Tim Cook from entering Russia.
But Cook's coming out is unlikely to affect Apple's sales in Russia, where most people don't mix ideology with consumption.
The appeal of Apple's products and the company's clout probably made it easier for Cook to take a stand, said Richard Zweigenhaft, a Guilford College psychology professor who co-wrote the book "Diversity in the Power Elite."
"This is not going to help Apple, and it's not going to hurt Apple. It's almost sort of immune because their products are so successful," he said.
Cook's revelation has the potential to make people worldwide rethink their attitudes toward gays because Apple's products are beloved around the globe.
Said Sears: "It is going to be hard being a homophobe while holding an iPhone now."

Nikkei Soars As BoJ Announces Unexpected Stimulus MeasuresNikkei Soars As Bank Of Japan Announces Unexpected Stimulus Measures
 | By                                                                ELAINE KURTENBACH
reddit
TOKYO (AP) — Japan's central bank surprised the financial world and pleased investors Friday by intensifying its purchases of government bonds and other assets to try to revive a chronically anemic economy.
The Bank of Japan's move to pump trillions more yen into the financial system is intended to stimulate spending in the world's third-largest economy. It's an acknowledgement that Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's government has so far failed in its broad efforts to revive growth, especially after a sales tax hike took effect in April. The latest data show consumer spending falling, unemployment rising and excessively low inflation dipping further.
By injecting more money into the economy, the government hopes to raise expectations of higher inflation and thereby encourage people to spend and fuel growth.
Coinciding with the central bank's move, Japan's $1.1 trillion public pension fund acted Friday to move money out of low-yielding bonds and into higher-yielding but riskier stocks to try to improve its investment returns and meet its obligations to a swelling number of retirees. Abe said the move was needed to ensure that the fund can meet its future obligations. Japan is rapidly aging, and its population is shrinking as birth rates decline.
Across the world, investors responded by pouring money into stocks in anticipation that the Bank of Japan's action would mean lower bond yields, higher stock prices and a cheaper yen, which would make Japan's goods more affordable overseas.
After the government's announcements, Japan's Nikkei 225 stock index soared 4.8 percent to close at a seven-year high, and the dollar rose 2 percent against the yen. European stock markets also jumped, along with the Dow Jones industrial average.
The central bank said it will increase its purchases of government bonds and other assets by between 10 trillion yen and 20 trillion yen ($91 billion to $181 billion) to about 80 trillion yen ($725 billion) annually.
The move is striking in its timing: It comes two days after the U.S. Federal Reserve did the reverse by ending its own asset-purchase program, which had pumped $3 trillion-plus into the U.S. economy over the past six years. The Fed is pulling back because, in contrast to Japan's, the U.S. economy is showing consistent improvement.
The Bank of Japan's move raises pressure on the European Central Bank to follow suit. The ECB has been considering aggressive steps to invigorate the ailing eurozone economy, which is suffering from weak growth and too-low inflation.
Ultra-low inflation can hurt an economy because it typically leads people to postpone purchases in expectation that prices will go even lower. It also makes the inflation-adjusted cost of loans more expensive. And it raises the risk of deflation — a drop in prices, wages and the value of stocks, homes or other assets that can further slow spending and tip an economy into recession.
Japan has been stuck in a deflationary trap for most of two decades — a big reason its economy has barely grown.
It's far from clear that Japan's latest move will succeed where Abe's government has so far failed in a multi-pronged effort to boost growth and inflation.
BOJ Gov. Haruhiko Kuroda said the action was need to prevent a reversal into a "deflationary mindset" that has stymied growth by discouraging spending.
Countering such a trend is "the most important thing we can do," Kuroda said. "Whatever we can do, we will."
Harumi Taguchi, an economist at IHS Global Insight, said the Bank of Japan was spooked by signs the economy could slip back into deflation. The Bank of Japan had declined at its last meeting Oct. 7. But the "pressure had increased over the past few days and weeks," Taguchi said. "There was a mounting sense of urgency."
A measure of core inflation, which excludes volatile food and energy prices, has fallen to nearly 1 percent, Taguchi noted. Falling oil prices could push overall inflation even lower. And a planned increase in the nation's sales tax next year could weaken spending and growth.
Such a tax would raise the sales tax by an additional 2 percentage points to 10 percent, after the sales tax rose from 5 percent to 8 percent in April. This year's tax hike was intended to reduce Japan's enormous debt but has slowed the nation's fitful economic recovery. Abe is expected to introduce supplementary spending to try to cushion the impact of the tax.
The central bank said its stimulus spending would continue as long as needed to attain an inflation target of 2 percent. In addition to stepping up asset purchases, the Bank of Japan will triple its purchases of exchange-traded funds and real estate investment trusts and increase the average maturity of the assets it holds to 10 years from seven years.
Its main decisions on expanding its stimulus passed by a 5-4 vote, revealing a sharp split among the bank's policy board members.
Analysts noted that by reducing the yen's value compared with other currencies like the U.S. dollar, the Bank of Japan's moves would likely give Japan's exporters a competitive edge.
"We will all benefit ultimately from a successful Japan," said Lewis Alexander, chief U.S. economist at the investment bank Nomura. "Maybe it's a slight drag to the U.S. economy in the short term. But if this contributes to the long-run success of Japan, we'll all be better off."
___
AP Business Writer Matthew Craft in New York contributed to this report.
More:

Black money: Modi can t bring back a rabbit  says JD(U)E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Bliss GVS Pharma eyeing to pick majority stake in Shree SalesBliss GVS Pharma eyeing to pick majority stake in Shree Sales
Shiv Sena says BJP s lavish Maha event will wash off Cong-NCP sinsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

How genes affect Ebola patientsHow genes affect Ebola patients
IANS  New York, October 31, 2014
First Published: 12:41 IST(31/10/2014) | Last Updated: 14:15 IST(31/10/2014)
Comments
The Ebola virus affects different people differently, say researchers, adding that genetic factors could be behind this mild-to-deadly range of reactions to the virus.
While some people completely resist the disease, others suffer moderate to severe illness and recover, while those who are most susceptible succumb to bleeding, organ failure and shock.
These differences are not related to any specific changes in the Ebola virus itself; instead, the body's attempts to fight infection seems to determine disease severity.
"Our data suggest that genetic factors play a significant role in disease outcome," said Michael Katze from University of Washington.
A digitally colourised scanning electron micrograph depiction shows numerous filamentous Ebola virus particles in green, budding from a chronically infected VERO E6 cell in orange at 25,000X magnification in this undated handout picture from the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases. (Reuters)
 
For the study, the researchers examined the role of an individual's genetic makeup in the course of Ebola disease through a mouse model.
The researchers had obtained genetically diverse group of inbred laboratory mice to study locations on mouse genomes associated with influenza severity.
The scientists examined mice that they infected with a mouse form of the same species of Ebola virus causing the 2014 West Africa outbreak.
The scientists found that disease outcomes and variations in mortality rates were co-related to specific genetic lines of mice.
"The frequency of different manifestations of the disease across the lines of these mice screened so far are similar in variety and proportion to the spectrum of clinical disease observed in the 2014 West African outbreak," co-lead researcher Angela Rasmussen from University of Washington pointed out.
Survivors experienced more activity in genes that order blood vessel repair and the production of infection-fighting white blood cells.
The scientists noted that certain specialised types of cells in the liver could also have limited virus reproduction and put a dampener on systemic inflammation and blood clotting problems in resistant mice.
"We hope that medical researchers will be able to rapidly apply these findings to candidate therapeutics and vaccines," Katze stressed.
The study appeared in the journal Science.

Yen hits seven-year low after BOJ expands stimulusDollar surges on strong U.S. jobs data, more room to rise
By Daniel Bases, Reuters
Finance Federal Reserve Mario Draghi Stanley Fischer European Central Bank
The U.S. dollar reached fresh multiyear highs on Friday after a stronger-than-forecast November U.S. jobs report increased expectations the Federal Reserve may begin raising interest rates sooner than previously thought.
Employers added the most workers in nearly three years in November and wages rose, the latest U.S. employment report showed. Nonfarm payrolls increased by 321,000, better than forecasts for an increase of 230,000. The unemployment rate held steady at a six-year low of 5.8 percent.
8
Earlier this week U.S. central bank officials such as New York Fed President William Dudley and Fed Vice Chairman Stanley Fischer made comments that pointed toward rate increases in response to stronger U.S. economic figures, maintaining a focus on what the data showed.
"The Fed already indicated that they were shifting. The comments from Dudley and Fischer earlier this week suggested they were beginning to think seriously about normalizing (policy) and this would make them think even more seriously, that they should be thinking about H1 (first half of the year) versus H2," said Steven Englander, global head of G10 foreign exchange strategy at CitiFX.
0
Friday's jobs data pulled market expectations for the Fed to start tightening monetary policy back toward mid-2015 from September.
Interest rate futures contracts now show that traders see about a 53 percent chance for a July 2015 hike, based on the CME FedWatch program. That is more in line with last month's Reuters poll of economists who see the first rate increase in June of next year.
"The trend is pretty good. Now comes the second-guessing in the market. It brings concerns that the Fed might look to raise earlier than some people had expected. I don't think anyone should fear the Fed right now," said Scott Brown, chief economist at Raymond James in St. Petersburg, Florida. Brown said the increase could be seasonal but there is optimism heading into 2015.
Rising U.S. interest rates would be in stark contrast to the euro zone and Japan, where monetary policy is moving in the opposite direction. The pattern would increase the yield advantage for investors holding U.S. dollar-denominated assets.
"We think dollar/yen could hit 125 yen before the end of 2014. But then it is going to stabilize. We think that the good news will be priced in at that stage," said Englander, who added the euro has more to fall, perhaps reaching $1.20 before the end of the year and plumbing lows of $1.12 to $1.15 in 2015.
In late afternoon New York trade, the dollar traded at 121.42 yen, a gain of 1.37 percent but off a high of 121.68 yen, the strongest level since mid-2007.
The euro fell 0.70 percent to $1.2290. In the immediate trading after the payrolls data the euro slid to $1.2271, its weakest since mid-August 2012.
On Thursday, European Central Bank President Mario Draghi said the central bank would decide early next year whether to take fresh action to revive the economy. Draghi also said any decision by the bank's Governing Council need not be unanimous to begin quantitative easing measures, including buying of sovereign bonds in an effort to spur borrowing and investment.
Some in the market were disappointed Draghi did not find an even more explicit way of moving the bank closer to outright quantitative easing.
But his language, and a veiled warning that opposition from German policymakers would not stand in the way of the governing council acting if need be, pointed towards the launch of bond-buying in the first quarter.
"Taking on board likely further falls in headline HICP (inflation), Draghi's comments give succour to the idea that further policy moves are coming at the next couple of meetings," said London-based Gavin Friend, senior markets strategist at National Australia Bank.
The U.S. dollar index hit a peak of 89.467 <.DXY>, its highest since early March 2009, up 0.86 percent on the day.
The slide in crude oil prices to below $66 a barrel  continued to undermine the Norwegian crown. At one point the dollar advanced 1.75 percent to 7.1793 crowns , its strongest since March 2009. It traded late at 7.1263 crowns, for a 1 percent gain on the day.
(Additional reporting by Richard Leong in New York, Ann Saphir in San Francisco, and Patrick Graham in London.; Editing by Toby Chopra, Jeffrey Benkoe and Meredith Mazzilli)

NTPC Q2 net profit at Rs. 207.16bnNTPC Q2 net profit at Rs. 207.16bn
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | October 31, 2014 13:46 IST
Total Income has increased to Rs. 172.67 billion for the quarter ended September 30, 2014.
 
 
NTPC Ltd has posted a net profit of Rs. 20716.30 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 as compared to Rs. 24929.00 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2013.
Total Income has increased from Rs. 170760.90 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2013 to Rs. 172673.20 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2014.
Enter the characters shown in the image.
 
When It's About Money: Don't just save for your child's education
India Infoline News Service / 08:59, Sep 15, 2014
Many a times parents overlook other goals as they are too busy focusing on just one goal, that is on their child's education. They are too emotionally involved in achieving this particular goal that they forget planning for their retirement and saving for other emergencies.
Sunday, 07 December 2014 12:18 IST
Connect with IIFL :
Accountancy Advertising Budget Commerce Derivatives Economics Finance General Mgmt. HR Mgmt. IT Marketing Material Mgmt.
Stocks:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Mutual Funds:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Insurance:
Disclaimer Disclaimer - Research Disclaimer - Discussion Boards Disclaimer - Chat Disclaimer - Twitter Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
ATTENTION INVESTORS - "Prevent Unauthorized Transactions in your demat / trading account --> Update your Mobile Number/ email Id with your stock broker / Depository Participant. Receive information of your transactions directly from Exchanges on your mobile / email at the end of day and alerts on your registered mobile for all debits and other important transactions in your demat account directly from NSDL/ CDSL on the same day." - Issued in the interest of investors.
"KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary."
www.indiainfoline.com is part of the IIFL Group, a leading financial services player and a diversified NBFC. The site provides comprehensive and real time information on Indian corporates, sectors, financial markets and economy. On the site we feature industry and political leaders, entrepreneurs, and trend setters. The research, personal finance and market tutorial sections are widely followed by students, academia, corporates and investors among others.
Copyright © India Infoline Ltd. All rights Reserved.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. SEBI Regn. No. : INB231097537/ INF231097537/ INE231097537,
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.:INB011097533/ INF011097533/ INE011097533,
MCX Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INB261097530/ INF261097530/ INE261097537,
United Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INE271097532,
5

Facebook starts India Client CouncilFacebook starts India Client Council
K V Kurmanath
Tweet
Hyderabad, Oct 31:  
Facebook has announced the India Client Council to “serve our partners”. The forum comprises heads of businesses, including Delna Avari (Head of Marketing and Communication Services, Tata Motors), Sam Balsara (Chairman and Managing Director, Madison World), Sachin Bansal (CEO of Flipkart) and Mohit Beotra (Head of Brand, Airtel).
The council helps share ideas on the unfolding opportunities and the future of marketing.
“The rate of people with access to digital services and devices is increasing. Mobile phones have emerged as a life line, giving information about market prices, healthcare, banking and employment opportunities,” Kirthiga Reddy, Managing Director of Facebook India, said in a statement here on Friday.
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

Wipro implements CRM solutions for SRL DiagnosticsWipro implements CRM solutions for SRL Diagnostics
Our Bureau
Tweet
Bangalore, Oct. 31:  
Wipro has assisted SRL Diagnostics transform its customer care operations by providing new customer experiences across multiple communication channels, the Oracle Service Cloud platform.
SRL Diagnostics, one of India's largest pathology lab networks which has 12 reference labs, 4 Centres of Excellence and 281 network laboratories, implemented a Customer Relationship Management (CRM) application for its customer care department, according to a company statement.
Further, SRL partnered with Wipro considering Wipro’s ability to provide a spectrum of services around Oracle Service Cloud which include system integration, change management, and application support, company officials said.
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

Sensex jumps over 400 points to hit a new highE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Modi mentions Indira Gandhi  says 1984 riots divided IndiaComments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday invoked Prime Minister Indira Gandhi on her martyrdom day but also raked up the 1984 anti-Sikh riots after her death.
Flagging of the 'Run for Unity' to commemorate Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel's birth anniversary Delhi's Vijay Chowk on Friday, the PM rued, "It was unfortunate that 30 years ago, on the birthday of a man who devoted his life for the unity of the country, a terrible incident happened that gravely injured the nation's unity," referring to the riots.
"Our own people were killed. The incident was not a wound on the throat of any community but a knife, a dagger on India's century-old great social fabric," Modi continued, taking an indirect dig at the Congress.
Neither Modi nor any National Democratic Alliance minister went to Gandhi’s memorial at Shakti Sthal, where many Congress leaders, including party chief Sonia Gandhi and former prime minister Manmohan Singh, paid their respects.
Congress leaders accused Modi of disrespecting the late prime minister . “Disgraceful that Govt is ignoring the martyrdom of our only Prime Minister who was killed in office in the line of duty,” tweeted Shashi Tharoor.
Former UPA minister Anand Sharma said, “She was the leader of this country who was martyred in office. This pitting of leaders against one another is in bad taste.”.
PM Modi flags off the 'Run for Unity' at Rajpath in New Delhi on Friday. (Vipin Kumar/HT Photo)
Earlier, in his speech on Friday, Modi mentioned, "Aaj Shrimati Indira Gandhi ka punya tithi hai (Today, it is Shrimati Indira Gandhi's death anniversary)", even as he devoted the maximum time of his speech to Patel's legacy.
In his welcome speech, urban development minister M Venkaiah Naidu had made it clear the event was "not to undermine any other leader but only to do justice to Sardar Patel". Naidu also mentioned that since childhood he believed that history has done injustice to Sardar Patel.
Showering effusive praise on Patel, Modi said, "Just as Ramakrishna Paramhansa remains incomplete without Swami Vivekananda, Mahatma Gandhi's legacy cannot be fully written without Sardar Patel's contribution."
He mentioned how Patel had organised Mahatma Gandhi's Dandi March in 1930.
PM Modi takes part in the 'Run for Unity' at Rajpath in New Delhi on Friday. (Vipin Kumar/HT Photo)
The PM said Patel tried to unify the country and thwarted the British ploy to divide India into several pieces. "History remembers Chanakya for his efforts towards development of provinces by unifying them, similarly Sardar Patel's aim too was development through unity."
 
"Patel has given us Ek Bharat (united India). It is now our duty to make it Shresth Bharat (Best India)."

Futures climb as Nikkei soarsfutures climb as nikkei soars
Resurrecting the Patel legacy: Will he have approvedResurrecting the Patel legacy: Will he have approved
New director for sugarcane breeding institute in CoimbatoreNew director for sugarcane breeding institute in Coimbatore
L N Revathy
Coimbatore, Oct 31:  
Dr Bakshi Ram has assumed charge as Director of the Sugarcane Breeding Institute in Coimbatore.
Prior to this assignment, he was serving as Director of Uttar Pradesh Council of Sugarcane Research.
With over 30 years of experience in plant breeding, Dr Bakshi Ram, according to a release from the Institute, has so far developed 12 sugarcane varieties, one wheat variety and registered four sugarcane genetic stocks.
Among these, the cane varieties viz., Co 98014, Co 0118, Co 0238, Co 0239 and Co 05011 are popular in sub-tropical India. Variety Co 0238 in particular, occupies over 2 lakh hectares in the North Indian states.
Dr Bakshi Ram has said that his priority would be to develop extraordinary sugarcane varieties – both in terms of yield potential and quality for every agro-climatic region of the country.
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

Mahindra & Mahindra Q2 net down 4.3% at Rs 947 crHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Flat tractor sales dentM&M profit in Q2
Our Bureau
Revenue from the automotive segment stood at Rs 6,135.69 crore, an increase of 6.14 per cent as compared to Rs 5,780.52 crore in the same quarter a year ago.
Mumbai, Oct 31:  
Hurt by flat growth of its tractor segment, auto major Mahindra and Mahindra Limited posted a 4.3 per cent drop in its second quarter standalone net profit.
In the July to September period, the Mumbai-based company posted a net profit of Rs 947 crore against Rs 990 crore, a year ago.
The auto maker posted a 7 per cent rise in its standalone total income at Rs 9,544 crore.
Total expenses rose to Rs 8,783 crore during the quarter from Rs 7,982 crore, a year ago.
Pawan Goenka, Executive Director & President – Automotive Farm Equipment Sectors, M&M said, “Auto industry is on the recovery path. However, the tractor segment continues to be flat.”
The company attributed delayed and below average monsoon in some parts of the country and also crop damage caused by cyclones for the flat growth in the domestic tractor industry.
The company said that the harvest will be negatively impacted by delayed and deficient monsoon, thereby impacting the farm equipment segment.
The truck industry has turned around, Goenka added and said that six consecutive months of growth for the industry cannot be an “accident.”
On a combined basis, however, its net profit was up 1.7 per cent.
The figures include the combined performance of Mahindra and Mahindra Limited and Mahindra Vehicle Manufacturers Limited.
The auto-maker posted a combined net profit of Rs 974.1 crore during the three month period ended September 30, 2014 against Rs 957.4 crore, a year ago.
Outlook
As far as the four wheeler segment is concerned, Goenka added, “things are looking up, but up until now the overall growth in the segment has been less than 5 per cent. So, it is highly unlikely that we will cross a 10 per cent growth in the full year.”
Across the various types of vehicles in the four wheeler segment, he said that a very uneven kind of a growth is taking place. “Small commercial vehicles are de-growing and trucks are growing…it is a very complex web,” he said.
Shares of the Mumbai-based company closed at Rs 1303.40, up 1.23 per cent on the BSE.
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

Bollywood is getting more sophisticated: Hollywoods MichaelHoffmanMichael Hoffman is here to promote his movie 'The Best of Me'.
By: Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai | Posted: October 31, 2014 3:03 pm
Hollywood director Michael Hoffman says the Hindi film industry is not only finding space at international festivals but is also becoming more “sophisticated” while remaining rooted.
“Bollywood is shifting and changing. Bollywood is getting more sophisticated and broader but still maintaining the roots of Indian cinema,” Hoffman, who is here to promote his movie ‘The Best of Me’, told IANS in an interview.
“It’s getting more respect from all over the world, and even at the (international film) festivals it is making its place,” he added.
His keen eyes have noticed not just the growth of Bollywood; they seem to be in tune with the movies that matter. “I have heard a lot about ‘Haider’ and ‘Maqbool’. These are some interesting films,” said Hoffman, praising Vishal Bhardwaj’s two most appreciated works, which are adaptations of Shakespeare’s ‘Macbeth’ and ‘Hamlet’.
Interestingly, his ‘The Best Of Me’ too is an adaptation. It is based on Nicholas Sparks’ similarly titled romantic novel.
Despite making good movies, an Oscar is still a distant dream for Bollywood filmmakers. How so?
“I don’t know that… Indian films are different. It has a more realistic approach, but one thing that gets difficult for India is the existence of the massive Bollywood tradition,” he said.
But he was confident that it would one day hit the bull’s eye. “I also feel that Bollywood is sort of coming up. People are a lot more interested and the marriage between the Bollywood style and strong content like ‘Haider’… that kind of film (with) serious content and distinctive style will definitely get a crossover recognition,” he added.
Hoffman’s ‘The Best of Me’ hits the screens in India Friday.
Asked what prompted him to make a film on the novel, he said: “I was going through a phase in my life where I had lost faith in love and this came along. So I thought I should make it and it worked.”
Hoffman teamed up with James Marsden and Michelle Monaghan to bring this intriguing love story on the big screen.
Lately, quite a few Hollywood directors are inclined towards adaptations of bestsellers. Talking about the trend, Hoffman said: “In the case of these books, there is a huge readership. Everybody wants a brand that people can associate with because the audience is already educated about the story.”
He felt that viewers can easily connect with adaptations. “If people are working on a fresh script, they are working on a standing start. There is a reason why we are here. There is an Indian audience for these kinds of films. In India, I walked into a bookshop and there were two shelves of Nicholas’ novel.
“There you go, that’s what Hollywood is attracted to: branding. The adaptation of a novel has always been there and many of them ended up getting Oscars,” added the director, who is known for films like continued…

Rising cyber crimes have magnified challenges: Rajnath SinghPrint
The senior BJP leader said that the Home Ministry is taking all steps necessary for prevention of cyber crimes.
By: Press Trust of India | Hyderabad | Posted: October 31, 2014 2:45 pm | Updated: October 31, 2014 2:54 pm
Maintaining that growing cyber crimes have magnified challenges of the country, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh Friday said the government would soon strengthen the prevention strategy.
Addressing the passing out parade of 66th batch of IPS probationers at the Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel National Police Academy (SVP-NPA) here, Singh said the advent of internet and mobile phone has yielded toxic poison in the form of cyber crime, which has global ramifications.
“This has naturally magnified our challenges. Figures on cyber crime for 2013-14 reveal that it is increasing at the rate of 50 per cent per year, with Maharashtra, Uttar Pradesh and Andhra Pradesh being among the most affected states. North-Eastern states on the contrary, report almost no instances of cyber crime.”
“It is not necessary at all for a cyber criminal to reside in your town or country, as this is an act that can be committed from any remote corner of the world but can hit anyone, anywhere, anytime,” he said.
The senior BJP leader said that the Home Ministry is taking all steps necessary for prevention of cyber crimes and very soon the government shall further strengthen the Cyber Crime Prevention Strategy.
In view of increase in the number of cyber crimes and their ever newer dimensions, modernisation of police training and police organisation is highly imperative, he said, adding, “I assure you that our government shall take steps for implementing police reforms and expedite modernisation of police force without delay.”
Expressing concern that there were only 28 lady officer trainees among 128 officers passed out today, the minister stressed that they must account for more than 50 per cent.

Nifty hits 8300; Sensex @ 30 000 soon | Japan stuns with stimulusYou are here: Home > Collections
Sensex ends day at record high, seen on track to hit 30,000 in 60 days
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 31, 2014, 03.40PM IST
(Analysts at top brokerage…)
NEW DELHI: Both S&P BSE Sensex and Nifty made fresh highs today, surging nearly 2 per cent each in trade on Friday. The 30-share index ended the day at 27,865.83, up 519.50 points, or 1.90 per cent. The Nifty shut shop at 8322.20, up 153 points, or 1.87 per cent.
The Sensex hit its fresh lifetime high of 27,894.32 in intraday trade, while the 50-share Nifty index rose over 150 points to make its all-time high of 8,330.75.
Strong macro environment, reform push by the new government and falling inflation have already boosted the Sensex by over 30 per cent so far in the year 2014. But analysts at Dalal Street see further upside in the index up to the levels of 30,000 by the December-end and over 35,000 in the next one year.
Analysts at top brokerage firms firmly believe that we are in a bull market and equities will remain the best asset class in the next couple of years, provided global markets remain stable.
The markets have been on an upward trajectory since the last few days on the back of renewed vigor shown by the government to initiate reforms, apart from lower crude prices, lower inflation, supportive global cues and decent earnings, say experts.
Vikas Khemani of Edelweiss Financial Services believes that from the medium to long-term perspective, India remains one of the best markets to be in and equity remains one of the best asset classes to be invested into.
Expectations are running high given the fact that macros have stabalised and growth has bottomed out. And with the rate cycle set to reverse and more reforms gets implemented, the Indian markets may well be on top of the list of FIIs despite global concerns.
Though the quantitative easing ended on Wednesday, but the Federal Reserve is keeping the 'considerable period of time' stance for raising interest rates until it sees more improvement in the economy, which cheered the markets.
"Taking cues from the same, the BSE Sensex and the Nifty hit fresh highs and we are expecting further upside from the current levels as this move of the Fed has surely boosted the confidence of retail as well as global investors," said Vivek Gupta,CMT - Director Research, CapitalVia Global Research Limited.
"As the Nifty is further looking bullish on charts and fundamentals also seem to be supportive, slight correction might be on the way. But the overall upswing is likely to occur till Nov expiry. Our targets for the Nifty till December are 8400 & 8700 and for the Sensex, 30000 can be the golden figure," he added.
The slowdown in growth rates has dampened the sentiment quite a bit not just for Indian markets, but across the globe. But one thing which experts feel very firmly is the fact that India happens to be in a sweet spot and the whole India story remains intact.
India has managed to hold onto its macro factors compared with the rest of the emerging market economies and that will aide capital flow. They have also managed to push through key economic reforms.
 
After the recent diesel price deregulation, the government on Wednesday eased overseas investment rules in construction to attract money into the funds-starved sector and serve its twin objectives of faster job creation and housing for all.
"Economic indicators such as inflation, factory output, crude oil and other commodity prices are reflecting favorable numbers, which would further keep the market at comfortable levels in the coming month," said Tushar Pendharkar, Equity Strategist, Right Horizons.
Most analysts see the index hitting the levels above 30000-35000 in the next one year, which gives an upside of 10-28 per cent from the current levels. However, it will not be easy for the Indian markets to maintain the momentum considering the fact that the US might just increase rates amid global economic slowdown.
"India would be very unlikely impacted by the Fed decision in the near term. However, I believe that the Indian economy would be inversely proportional to domestic inflation and international crude oil prices, but in both the cases the trend is under control and outlook looks positive for the economy," adds Pendharkar.
But brokers are hopeful for a smart rally on the bourses. According to a survey conducted by ET, the Sensex is on track to hit levels above 30000-35000 by next Diwali or by the end of next one year, while the 50-share Nifty index could record levels of 8500 in the next 12 months.
According to an ET Now survey of 15 brokerage firms, 80 per cent of the respondents surveyed see the Nifty index trading above 8500 levels by next Diwali, while 13 per cent see the index hovering in the range of 8000-8500. Only 7 per cent of the respondents see the index moving in the range of 7500-8000.
According to the survey, 33 per cent of respondents are of the view that the Sensex could see the levels above 35000 by next Diwali, while 50 per cent see the index trading in the range of 30000-35000. Only 17 per cent of the respondents see the index hovering in the range of 26000-30000.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Live from Mumbai: Uddhav to attend Fadnavis  swearing-in after call from Amit ShahDevendra Fadnavis sworn in as Maharashtra chief minister, Shiv Sena joins bash
HT Correspondents , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, October 31, 2014
First Published: 15:06 IST(31/10/2014) | Last Updated: 08:16 IST(1/11/2014)
Comments
Devendra Fadnavis was sworn in as the BJP’s first chief minister in Maharashtra on Friday but had to share some of the limelight with another man — Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray, who attended the ceremony after a last-minute phone call from BJP chief Amit Shah.
 
Fadnavis — the state’s 27th CM and its youngest at 44 — took the oath of office with a team of nine ministers at Wankhede stadium in Mumbai. In attendance were Prime Minister Narendra Modi, LK Advani, Shah, the CMs of BJP-ruled and friendly states and a crowd of 40,000-50,000, according to BJP estimates.
 
A significant development on the sidelines was the apparent thaw between squabbling ex-allies BJP and Shiv Sena. Thackeray — firm till Thursday night on boycotting the swearing-in over the BJP’s “constant humiliation” of his party — met Shah immediately after the ceremony, setting off talk of a patch-up and post-poll alliance.
BJP National President Amit Shah with Maharashtra CM-designate Devendra Fadnavis during their meeting at his residence in New Delhi. ( Sonu Mehta/HT Photo)
Union minister Arun Jaitley and Fadnavis too had called up Thackeray earlier in the day to make him change his mind. The Sena chief came with wife Rashmi and party MP Vinayak Raut.
 
The Sena has 63 MLAs who can help the BJP — with 121 MLAs in the 288-strong assembly — prove majority without taking the support offered by other parties such as the Nationalist Congress Party.
 
The NCP showed Friday it was more than willing to help the BJP, with most of its senior leaders, barring boss Sharad Pawar, sharing the dais with their BJP counterparts.
 
The new chief minister swung into action almost immediately after assuming charge, saying his government would ensure transparency and bring in a law to ensure an effective service mechanism for the people. “People want their work done without any delay. We will bring in a law under which the government (officers and other staffers) would deliver service as quickly as possible,” Fadnavis said during his first media interaction after being sworn in as chief minister.  
The CM said he would also review decisions taken by the former government, as it involved expenditure of more than Rs. 52,000 crore. “If we were to execute these schemes, we will need to raise loans to finance them. We will examine how feasible these decisions are,” he said.
Fadnavis — a four-time MLA from Nagpur and a lawyer and business management expert by training — said portfolio allocations would be made on Saturday. The CM wants to keep home and finance with himself.  The assembly session is expected to be held between November 10 and 12 during which time the government will table the trust vote.
Council of ministers

Sensex Surges Over 500 Points in Record-Setting Rally  Nifty Rises Above 8 300IVRCL Allots First Tranche of Shares to CDR Lenders
BSE Sensex and Nifty surged to fresh highs for the second consecutive day, buoyed by the positive momentum from the recent reform measures announced by the government and higher global markets.
Sensex rose over 500 points to a new high of 27,854 while Nifty surged nearly 150 points to cross 8,300 for the first time ever.
Global markets rallied today after the Bank of Japan surprised financial markets by significantly expanding its massive stimulus programme. Tokyo's Nikkei share index jumped almost 5 per cent in its biggest rise since June last year. European stocks were higher while US futures prices pointed to similar gains when trading resumes in New York.
Boosting the sentiment, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley yesterday said India's economy is expected to do better in the second half of the fiscal year to March 2015, adding that he expected to hit his revenue target. Hopes are now rising that the RBI may be able to ease monetary policy as early as its next meeting in December given a slowdown in consumer price growth.
The rally in Indian markets has also been fuelled by a sharp drop in global crude prices, which have hit a four-year low. The fall in Brent crude means significant savings for the Indian economy, which is likely to narrow both the current account deficit and the fiscal deficit.
Foreign investors have also turned big buyers of Indian equities in the past few sessions after staying away for most part of this month. Yesterday, they bought Indian equities worth Rs 1,257 crore adding to the Rs 755 crore purchase on October 29.
With today's gains, Sensex and Nifty have risen for the ninth time in the past 10 sessions. The sharp gains have made some analysts cautious. "The Nifty has broken out of the 7800-8100 range and could rise to 8350 levels. But it comes with the risk of a deeper correction," says market analyst Ambareesh Baliga.
IT stocks led the gains today on higher-than-expected growth in US economy, the biggest market for Indian outsourcers. Data released yesterday showed US economy grew a better-than-expected 3.5 per cent in the third quarter. Infosys, TCS, Tech Mahindra, and HCL Tech were up 1-2 per cent. Banking and financial services stocks also gained on hopes of earlier-than-expected rate cuts from RBI. State Bank of India, Bank of Baroda, and HDFC Bank rose between 1.5-2 per cent.
(With Agency Inputs)

Five movies you should think beforewatchingPrint
First things first, we at IndianExpress always strive to provide you with the best and save you from the worst. And in today's world of ever inflating prices, no prizes for guessing, we do our bit to help you save the hard earned money.
Written by Sonal Gera , Edited by Sarika Sharma | New Delhi | Posted: October 31, 2014 2:59 pm | Updated: October 31, 2014 10:52 pm
First things first, we at IndianExpress always strive to provide you with the best and save you from the worst. And in today’s world of ever inflating prices, no prizes for guessing, we do our bit to help you save the hard earned money.
Now we know you do need to take a break sometimes and watch a movie or two to elevate your levels of knowledge about the societal norms, as they say, cinema is the reflection of the society. We wonder though, if this is the society they claim to mirror, OMG! what kind of a society we are living in!
There are movies and then, there are masterpieces.
And there are some masterpieces, you should really give a miss. Believe us.
And thank us later!
No no, ‘Happy New Year’ doesn’t feature in our list. You maybe an SRK fan/fanatic, and you’ll love the movie nevertheless. You’ll love it for Deepika Padukone, the dances, the music and my personal favourite ‘Manwa Laage’. ‘Happy New Year’, as our reviewer Shubhra Gupta said, is a lonnnnnnggggggggggg show reel of what SRK, the superstar can do. So, watch Happy New Year only if you are a die-hard SRK fan, be proud of the phenomenon SRK is and yes, drool over the 10 pack abs.
(HO)Hum-Shakals: And while you watch Happy New Year, do yourself a favour. If you have ever thought of giving ‘Humshakals’ a watch, abort mission. I repeat, ABORT MISSION. Please.
Movies like these should come with a disclaimer – Watch it at your own risk. Trust me. Even if Sajid Khan trades all of his ‘hard earned money’, don’t agree to watch this classic. We get three sets of doppelgangers in the movie – three Saif Ali Khans, three Riteish Deshmukhs, and three Ram Kapoors – and we also get a fatal headache in the process, and some bouts of vomit, and some creepy feeling, and some suicidal tendencies. No joke is offensive and no humour is humourless.
Everything is Sajid-ified and keeping to the standards, you know what I mean. No offense! And don’t you dare to make anything related to this cult classic, your caller tune. Beware!
Him(MAT)waala: Nooooooooo! ‘Humshakals’ isn’t the only blessing that Sajid Khan descended upon the human race with. There are
many….many more.
And no, this IS NOT our cause of worry. What I am more worried about is why on earth, would a nuanced actor like Ajay Devgn, agree to do a movie like this? I mean why? And while you watch the first few scenes of the movie, you feel the pangs of a water deprived soul amidst a desert, yelling for respite. And you feel bad for an actor who you saw in ‘Gangaajal’, ‘Pyaar Toh Hona Hi Thha’ and the likes, and you cry. You cry for the talent, for the sheer talent. No God! This is not what you meant by ‘ghor kalyug’. Save us the drama!
While what “taaki, oh taaki, oh taaki taaki taaki re” is for the eastman colour Jeetendra-Sridevi starrer ‘Himmatwaala’, “Tacky, Oh Tacky, Oh tacky tacky tacky re!” (Bwahahaha!) is for Sajid Khan’s remake by the same name. The costumes tacky, the casting tackier, and the acting tackiest! Phew!
There’s a landlord playing Mahesh Manjrekar and a buxom beauty playing Tamannaaaaaaahhhhhh Bhatia. No, I didn’t write it wrong. You have to read it right. All the best with that!
Tees Maar (Daalo please) Khan: The family that works together, sticks together. (Pun Intended!)
If there’s some person, who can make Sajid Khan look like a saint, it’s the sister – Farah Khan.
I still wonder why SRK was so upset with his old friend Farah Khan for not making her magnum opus with him? He should be actually happy that she like a true friend of his didn’t bring a movie like this to his Bad-shah name. Put together a world-infamous con artist, a Bollywood starlet, an Oscar aspirant, a bunch of naive villagers, and befuddled policemen, and weave an absurd story connecting all of them and voila! You have a catastrophe called ‘Tees Maar Khan’.
So you have an extraaaaa smart Akshay Kumar, an eye candy Katrina Kaif, who puts her vocal chords to the best use and yells at every chance she gets and Akshaye Khanna, adding to his never ending list of duds! (Why dude why?!) Need we say more? No! Let’s move on!
Joker (Am I?): Didn’t I just mention ‘family’? OMG! I just did!
There’s an interesting premise at the heart of ‘Joker’, but Shirish Kunder fails wonderfully in executing it. (Didn’t I just mention family?)
Akshay Kumar’s character in the movie hatches a plan invloving aliens in a bid to get the world take notice of his hometown – Paglapur. And an American scientist shows up to expose the hoax. But where’s the spice? Or the slice of art? Opportunity wasted, Sonakshi wasted…..and Akshay wasted? Haha! No offense!
Bullett Raja (Hit me with the bullet please): Bahot ho gaya about the family! Let’s talk about someone not from the family. Let’s talk about Tigmanshu Dhulia, though he makes us doubt about his genetic brilliance, which only seems to have got its dues from the Khans and Kunders.
Saif Ali Khan was recently quoted saying he wants to go back to doing movies like ‘Omkara’ and ‘Parineeta’. Oh Boy! We empathise you see. You’re a National Award winner and we can’t see you in movies like these. I mean, ‘Humshakals’ and ‘Bullett Raja’?
Also, I have a thing against Sonakshi Sinha. Girl, we know you can act. We have seen you in ‘Lootera’. Please do movies like it.
‘Bullett Raja’ is rife with predictable scenes, bad editing and a lack of control over the script, which spirals into an unending loop of absurdity. It’s difficult to judge if even hardcore Saif Ali Khan fans should go for this one. Trust me, don’t.
And while I still wonder about the sad state of movies with logic tending to null and entertainment to an unfulfilled void, I rest my case and give in to the ‘chutzpah’.
In case, you should feel this piece is ‘chutzpah’ enough, I apologize to the kind sentiments of movie making. May the movies rest in peace and @SoNull_NVoid have her peace back ;)

April-September fiscal deficit nears 83 per cent of full-year targetYou are here: Home > Collections
Fiscal deficit nears 83 per cent of Budget Estimates in end September
ET Bureau Oct 31, 2014, 03.27PM IST
Tags:
Budget estimates
(Net tax receipts were at Rs 3.23 lakh crore in…)
NEW DELHI: Just halfway through the financial year, the government ran up fiscal deficit to the extent of about 83% of its budget estimate for 2014-15 on account of sluggish tax revenues and high tax refunds. But it said it is confident of meeting the target of 4.1% of GDP, as the Rs 8,000 crore cut in total borrowing for the year indicates.
"Fiscal deficit showing upward trend due to higher tax refunds. Very confident of achieving fiscal deficit target of 4.1%," finance minister Arun Jaitley said on Friday, when data released by the Controller General of Accounts showed that fiscal deficit in April-September stood at Rs 4.38 lakh crore or 82.6% of Rs 5.31 lakh crore budgeted for this fiscal. This is worse than the situation at the same time last year when the fiscal deficit was at 76% of the budget estimate for the full year and the then UPA government was forced into massive spending cuts to stay within the target.
In the first half of the fiscal, the higher deficit was only on account of lower tax collection as expenditure was in line with budget estimates . The government managed to raise only 33.5% of the budgeted Rs 12.6 lakh crore tax and non-tax receipts. The envisaged disinvestment programme has not even started yet this fiscal. "Higher tax refunds are getting reflected in fiscal deficit number. This year there were pending tax refunds estimated at around Rs 1.20 lakh crore," the finance minister said.
Total expenditure in the period under review stood at Rs 8.62 lakh crore or 48% of the budget estimate of Rs 17.948 lakh crore. Plan spending was at over Rs 2.46 lakh crore. Under non-plan head , it was Rs 6.15 lakh crore. Typically, fiscal deficit in the initial few months tends to be higher as receipts start picking up only from the second half onwards.
The government also has a cushion of lower fuel subsidy this year and lower spending on food subsidy because the food security law is not likely to be rolled out by many states this year. The government has set aside Rs 1.15 lakh crore for food subsidy this year.
The government has also tightened the flagship rural jobs programme MGNREGA, implying lower spending on the scheme. Besides, it expects disinvestment to pick up in the second half as preparations are underway for some big-ticket offers. The government is not taking any chances, though, as indicated by the finance ministry's decision on Thursday to unveil belttightening measures that include a 10% mandatory cut in non-plan spends. Analysts agree that the first half notwithstanding, the government will stay within the budgeted fiscal deficit target for the full year.
"Even though the fiscal deficit reached nearly 83% of the budgeted amount in H1FY15, a sharp slippage relative to the target of 4.1% of GDP is unlikely in 2014-15," said Aditi Nair, senior economist at ICRA.
Nayar said the recently announced fiscal prudence measures, savings related to the budgetary allocation for food subsidy and fuel subsidies would ease the pressure on non-plan revenue expenditure in second half of 2014-15.
FEATURED ARTICLES

SBI examining market signals for lending rat...SBI examining market signals for lending rate cuts
Atmadip Ray, ET Bureau Oct 31, 2014, 03.30PM IST
Tags:
commercial paper
(SBI lowered deposit rates…)
JAMSHEDPUR: State Bank of India said it is gathering interest rate signals from the market while companies are raising funds in commercial papers instead of costlier bank loans.
"We are watching the situation. There is downward bias on interest rate," SBI managing director B Sriram told ET Friday on being asked whether the country's largest lender is going to lower lending rate any time soon.
SBI lowered deposit rates a couple of weeks back but held base rate unchanged at 10% a year. Base rate is the lowest lending rate for individual banks.
"Companies are raising funds in commercial paper at 9% rate while bank corporate credit growth is not taking place," Sriram said at a seminar on financial inclusion organised by XLRI Jamshedpur.
The government security yields have fallen steadily over the last fortnight as retail inflation eased, raising expectations of interest rate softening.
The benchmark 10-year government security yield has fallen to 13-month low of 8.32% on October 28 as several market participants are betting on further cooling of prices with global crude oil prices softening.
However, some still feel that Reserve Bank of India will keep interest rates static in its December 2 policy announcement even as retail inflation expressed in terms of consumer price index eased to 6.46% in September compared with August's 7.72%.
The central bank projected CPI at 8% by January next year and at 6% by January 2016.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bulls run mad on Street  Sensex ends 519 pts up; 30 000 not farYou are here: Home > Collections
Sensex ends day at record high, seen on track to hit 30,000 in 60 days
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 31, 2014, 03.40PM IST
(Analysts at top brokerage…)
NEW DELHI: Both S&P BSE Sensex and Nifty made fresh highs today, surging nearly 2 per cent each in trade on Friday. The 30-share index ended the day at 27,865.83, up 519.50 points, or 1.90 per cent. The Nifty shut shop at 8322.20, up 153 points, or 1.87 per cent.
The Sensex hit its fresh lifetime high of 27,894.32 in intraday trade, while the 50-share Nifty index rose over 150 points to make its all-time high of 8,330.75.
Strong macro environment, reform push by the new government and falling inflation have already boosted the Sensex by over 30 per cent so far in the year 2014. But analysts at Dalal Street see further upside in the index up to the levels of 30,000 by the December-end and over 35,000 in the next one year.
Analysts at top brokerage firms firmly believe that we are in a bull market and equities will remain the best asset class in the next couple of years, provided global markets remain stable.
The markets have been on an upward trajectory since the last few days on the back of renewed vigor shown by the government to initiate reforms, apart from lower crude prices, lower inflation, supportive global cues and decent earnings, say experts.
Vikas Khemani of Edelweiss Financial Services believes that from the medium to long-term perspective, India remains one of the best markets to be in and equity remains one of the best asset classes to be invested into.
Expectations are running high given the fact that macros have stabalised and growth has bottomed out. And with the rate cycle set to reverse and more reforms gets implemented, the Indian markets may well be on top of the list of FIIs despite global concerns.
Though the quantitative easing ended on Wednesday, but the Federal Reserve is keeping the 'considerable period of time' stance for raising interest rates until it sees more improvement in the economy, which cheered the markets.
"Taking cues from the same, the BSE Sensex and the Nifty hit fresh highs and we are expecting further upside from the current levels as this move of the Fed has surely boosted the confidence of retail as well as global investors," said Vivek Gupta,CMT - Director Research, CapitalVia Global Research Limited.
"As the Nifty is further looking bullish on charts and fundamentals also seem to be supportive, slight correction might be on the way. But the overall upswing is likely to occur till Nov expiry. Our targets for the Nifty till December are 8400 & 8700 and for the Sensex, 30000 can be the golden figure," he added.
The slowdown in growth rates has dampened the sentiment quite a bit not just for Indian markets, but across the globe. But one thing which experts feel very firmly is the fact that India happens to be in a sweet spot and the whole India story remains intact.
India has managed to hold onto its macro factors compared with the rest of the emerging market economies and that will aide capital flow. They have also managed to push through key economic reforms.
 
After the recent diesel price deregulation, the government on Wednesday eased overseas investment rules in construction to attract money into the funds-starved sector and serve its twin objectives of faster job creation and housing for all.
"Economic indicators such as inflation, factory output, crude oil and other commodity prices are reflecting favorable numbers, which would further keep the market at comfortable levels in the coming month," said Tushar Pendharkar, Equity Strategist, Right Horizons.
Most analysts see the index hitting the levels above 30000-35000 in the next one year, which gives an upside of 10-28 per cent from the current levels. However, it will not be easy for the Indian markets to maintain the momentum considering the fact that the US might just increase rates amid global economic slowdown.
"India would be very unlikely impacted by the Fed decision in the near term. However, I believe that the Indian economy would be inversely proportional to domestic inflation and international crude oil prices, but in both the cases the trend is under control and outlook looks positive for the economy," adds Pendharkar.
But brokers are hopeful for a smart rally on the bourses. According to a survey conducted by ET, the Sensex is on track to hit levels above 30000-35000 by next Diwali or by the end of next one year, while the 50-share Nifty index could record levels of 8500 in the next 12 months.
According to an ET Now survey of 15 brokerage firms, 80 per cent of the respondents surveyed see the Nifty index trading above 8500 levels by next Diwali, while 13 per cent see the index hovering in the range of 8000-8500. Only 7 per cent of the respondents see the index moving in the range of 7500-8000.
According to the survey, 33 per cent of respondents are of the view that the Sensex could see the levels above 35000 by next Diwali, while 50 per cent see the index trading in the range of 30000-35000. Only 17 per cent of the respondents see the index hovering in the range of 26000-30000.
FEATURED ARTICLES

GAIL hits 52-week high; Q2 PAT beats Street | M&M jumps 2% as profit meets estimatesGAIL Q2 PAT beats estimates at Rs 1303 crore; stock at 52-week high
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 31, 2014, 03.04PM IST
(Sales for the quarter increased…)
MUMBAI: Shares of GAIL India surged to hit fresh 52- high after the company beat Street estimates by reporting 42 per cent jump in net profit at Rs 1,303 crore as compared to a net profit of Rs 915 crore.
ET Now poll estimated net profit to be at Rs 994 crore.
Sales for the quarter increased to Rs 14063 crore, up 4.4 per cent, from Rs 13,944 crore. The company provided NIL subsidy sharing for second quarter as compared to Rs 698 crore, in year-ago period.
Other income increased to Rs 289 crore, up 30 per cent, from Rs 222 crore, YoY.
At 02:30 p.m.; the stock was at Rs 541.15, up 6.18 per cent, on the BSE. It touched a high of Rs 551.35 and a low of Rs 510.05 in trade today.
FEATURED ARTICLES

P&G Posts 12.24% Rise in Q1 ProfitYou are here: Home Corporates
Procter & Gamble Q1 Profit Up 12.24 Per Cent at Rs 61.5 Crore
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 31, 2014 15:37 (IST)
Aviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
New Delhi: FMCG firm Procter & Gamble Hygiene and Health Care Ltd (P&G) on Friday reported a 12.24 per cent increase in net profit at Rs 61.5 crore for the first quarter ended September 30.
The company, which follows July-June cycle as financial year, had reported a net profit of Rs 54.79 crore for the corresponding period a year ago, it said in a filing to the BSE.
P&G's net sales in the quarter under review stood at Rs 576.31 crore, up 16.95 per cent from Rs 492.75 crore in the year-ago period, it noted.
"Both the feminine care and health care business continued to deliver double-digit growth in a competitive market environment behind superior products, strong innovation and product portfolio strength," it said.
Overall expenses during the quarter were up 18.94 per cent at Rs 508.65 crore as against Rs 427.65 crore in the corresponding period last year.
As of 2:51 p.m., shares in Procter & Gamble were trading at Rs 5401.35 apiece on the BSE, up 1.04 per cent from the previous close.
Story first published on: October 31, 2014 15:29 (IST)

Wall Street set for strong open on surprise BOJ easingwall street set for strong open on surprise boj easing
Ahead of the Bell: US consumer spending... 
October 31, 2014 06:29 AM EST | Associated Press
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Commerce Department releases its September report on consumer spending, which accounts for 70 percent of economic activity. The report will be issued at 8:30 a.m. EDT Friday.
SPENDING SLOWS: The expectation is that spending edged up a tiny 0.1 percent in September, according to a survey of economists by data firm FactSet. Economists believe income rose 0.3 percent in September, matching the August gain.
GAS PRICES DROP: In August, consumer spending rose 0.5 percent from the previous month but the expectation is that spending slowed last month based on activity at retail stores. Retail spending actually fell 0.3 percent last month as purchases of autos, gasoline, furniture and clothing all slowed.
Some of the decline was price-related as the price of gasoline was in retreat last month, a decline that is continuing.
Falling gas prices are a major reason that economists are optimistic about consumer spending in coming months. Lower gas prices mean consumers will have more to spend on other items.
Another reason for optimism is continued strong job growth, which pushed the unemployment rate down to a six-year low of 5.9 percent in September. More people working means more incomes and more fuel to drive consumer spending.
The government reported Thursday that the overall economy, as measured by the gross domestic product, grew at an annual rate of 3.5 percent in the July-September quarter.
Economists believe growth will come in around 3 percent in the current quarter, helped by solid consumer spending. They are also forecasting growth for all of 2015 at 3 percent, which would be the strongest year since 2005, two years before the start of the Great Recession.
Analysts believe after five years of sub-par economic growth, the economy has finally accelerated, helped by solid employment growth.
This week the Federal Reserve decided to end its third round of bond purchases, which have pushed the central bank's balance sheet up by more than $3 trillion over the past six years. The Fed bought the bonds as a way to put downward pressure on long-term interest rates and provide an extra boost to the economy after it had slashed its key short-term rate to a record low near zero.
The central bank retained language indicating it planned to keep its short-term rate low for a "considerable period." Analysts are not looking for the first increase in short-term rates until next June, although Fed officials insist that rate increases will depend on how the economy, including the job market and inflation, perform in coming months.

Vantage reports 3Q loss... 
October 31, 2014 06:24 AM EST | Associated Press
GRAND CAYMAN, Virgin Islands (AP) _ Vantage Drilling Co. (VTG) on Friday reported a loss of $5.6 million in its third quarter.
On a per-share basis, the Grand Cayman, Virgin Islands-based company said it had a loss of 2 cents. Earnings, adjusted for one-time gains and costs, were roughly breakeven on a per-share basis.
The average estimate of analysts surveyed by Zacks Investment Research was for earnings of 3 cents per share.
The offshore drilling company posted revenue of $207.5 million in the period, which also fell short of Street forecasts. Analysts expected $210.8 million, according to Zacks.
The company's shares closed at 92 cents. A year ago, they were trading at $1.80.
_____
This story was generated by Automated Insights using data from Zacks Investment Research. VTG stock research report from Zacks.
_____
Keywords:Vantage,Earnings Report

Japan stocks soar 5 percent  yen falls on stimulus...versions
NEW YORK (AP) — For stock investors, there was no shortage of drama in October.
Stocks started the month modestly below a record high, only to cascade to their worst slump in two years. But after flirting with a correction, or a 10 percent drop, the U.S. market rebounded and closed at all-time highs on the last day of the month.
All told, U.S. stocks ended October solidly higher, up 2.3 percent. The Dow Jones industrial average capped the rally by rising 195.10 points, or 1.1 percent, to end at 17,390.52 on Friday. The Standard & Poor's 500 rose 23.40 points, or 1.2 percent, to 2,018.05 and the Nasdaq composite added 64.60 points, or 1.4 percent, to 4,630.74.
Both the Dow and the S&P 500 closed at record highs.
It's a remarkable turn given the month's volatility, which at times approached levels from the 2008 financial crisis. Then again, the month has an unfortunate history for unsettling moves, with the stock market crashes of 1929 and 1987 both happening in October.
This October, the market's seesaw path was driven by fears that Europe's economy was slipping back into a recession, worries about plunging oil prices and concerns of possible weakness in the U.S. economy. Oh, and don't forget Ebola. Those anxieties sent the market, for the most part, straight down for two weeks.
The nadir came on Oct. 15, when the S&P 500 came with a hair's breadth of going into a correction. Investors had suspected such a drop. The last one occurred in late 2011, and historically corrections happen every 18 months or so.
But just after the market came close to going into a correction, it bounced right back. Strong U.S. corporate earnings were the primary driver of the rebound as well as signs that central banks in Japan and Europe were going to do all they could to stop their economies from dragging everyone else down with them.
"I don't think it's a surprise that we came close to a correction. We've been expecting one for a while. I think the bigger surprise has been how we rip-roared all the way back up," said Bob Doll, chief equity strategist at Nuveen Asset Management. "When you hit someone over their head with a hammer, you don't expect them to get up immediately."
U.S. companies have been, for the most part, reporting strong quarterly results the last two weeks. Corporate profits are up 7.3 percent from a year ago, according to FactSet, compared with the 4.5 percent investors had expected at the beginning of the month. And any worries about the U.S. economy earlier in the month evaporated as the data rolled in, mostly recently Thursday's data showing the U.S. economy grew at a 3.5 percent pace last quarter.
Friday's gains were driven by the Bank of Japan, which surprised investors by announcing it would increase its bond and asset purchases by 10 trillion yen to 20 trillion yen ($90.7 billion to $181.3 billion) to about 80 trillion yen ($725 billion) annually. The announcement came after data showed that the world's third-largest economy remains in the doldrums, with household spending dropping and unemployment ticking up.
Japan's move comes only two days after the U.S. Federal Reserve brought an end to its own bond-buying program. Investors have been hopeful that the European Central Bank might also start buying bonds to stimulate that region's economy by keeping interest rates low and injecting cash into the financial system. That form of stimulus is called quantitative easing, also known among investors as "QE."
"The Japanese central bank has taken the QE baton from the Fed, and equity traders couldn't be happier," said David Madden, market analyst at IG.
Japan's stock market rose 4.8 percent to the highest level since 2007.
The Japanese currency weakened dramatically following the Bank of Japan's announcement. The yen slumped 2.6 percent against the dollar to 112 yen. The yen is trading at the lowest level in more than five years. Japanese companies typically like a weak Japanese yen because it makes their exported goods cheaper abroad.
European stock markets rose broadly following the Bank of Japan's announcement on hopes that the ECB could be tempted to follow Japan's lead in stepping up stimulus measures. However, few think anything will be announced at the ECB's next policy meeting next Thursday.
"The willingness of the Bank of Japan to ease further in the fight against deflation will encourage those who think the ECB should be doing the same," said Julian Jessop, chief global economist at Capital Economics.
Britain's FTSE 100 rose 1.3 percent. France's CAC 40 jumped 2.2 percent and Germany's DAX climbed 2.3 percent.
In other markets, the price of U.S. benchmark crude oil fell 58 cents to $80.54 a barrel in New York as increasing production from OPEC members added to already high global supplies of oil.
Brent crude, used to price oil in international markets, dipped 38 cents to $85.86 in London. In other energy futures trading on the NYMEX, wholesale gasoline fell 2.6 cents to close at $2.169 a gallon, heating oil fell was flat at $2.515 a gallon and natural gas rose 4.6 cents to close at $3.873 per 1,000 cubic feet.
Bond prices fell. The yield on the U.S. 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.34 percent from 2.31 percent Thursday.
In metals trading, the price of gold fell $27 to $1,171.60 an ounce. Silver fell 31 cents to $16.11 an ounce and copper fell 2 cents to $3.05 a pound.

Eurozone inflation creeps up to 0.4 percent... 
October 31, 2014 06:09 AM EST | Associated Press
FRANKFURT, Germany (AP) — Inflation has crept higher in the 18 countries that use the euro but the rise to 0.4 percent in the year to October is unlikely to offer much relief to the European Central Bank as it tries to boost a weak economy.
The official figure released Friday was up from 0.3 percent the month before.
The European Central Bank is under pressure to give the eurozone another dose of stimulus measures in coming months because inflation is so low and growth so weak. There are fears the eurozone could even fall into outright deflation, a crippling downward price spiral.
Core inflation, a key measure because it excludes volatile food and energy prices, fell to 0.7 percent from 0.8 percent.
The bank's goal is to keep inflation just below 2 percent.

Outcome of board meeting of Honeywell Automation IndiaOutcome of board meeting of Honeywell Automation India
Alstom India zooms as Q2 net jumpsAlstom India zooms as Q2 net jumps
India Reaches Out to Sri Lanka Over Death Penalty for 5 FishermenIndia Reaches Out to Sri Lanka Over Death Penalty for 5 Fishermen
IDFC surges 5%  demerges financial biz into bankIDFC surges 5%  demerges financial biz into bank
BNP Paribas surprises with Q3 profit boost  shares riseBNP Paribas surprises with Q3 profit boost  shares rise
Post-2015 Dev agenda must create inclusive growth: MukherjiPost-2015 Dev agenda must create inclusive growth: Mukherji
Raja  Kanimozhi formally charged in money laundering caseRaja  Kanimozhi formally charged in money laundering case
Merck is sure hold yadujiNew Member
2 Followers
Hello Arvindji should profit be booked in India Nippon or should it be hold also sirjee recently added BDH @ 48 what would be the tgt and the time frame please reply sirjee!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4.07 PM Oct 31st

Fingers crosssed on madhucon. let this rally sustain above 47..Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Yes u can hold as bank fd akashjiNew Member
2 Followers
Hello Arvindji should profit be booked in India Nippon or should it be hold also sirjee recently added BDH @ 48 what would be the tgt and the time frame please reply sirjee!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4.07 PM Oct 31st

Sadiq bhai  whenever you tell bears careful it happens....i have follo...251 Followers
To Infy people...
By 6th Jan 2011 ... infy made a high of 3493 and made 3 bottoms aug 2011, jul 2012 & apr 2013 around 2200 levels.. then made a new all time high of 3849.95 on 3rd march 2014.. then retraced upto 2915... which was almost 61.8% retracement of 2200~3849.. then again a hit a new high yesterday.. this should be the final wave... and it can`t be bigger than the previous one.. I think next bigger correction for infy willl start around 4020 levels.. and can see a bottom of 3000 & rest of waves depends on how sikka turns the stone!!
*SDB 1984*
11th Oct 2014 / 10:42 am
11.03 PM Oct 31st

India imports 12 000 t of Australian wheatIndia imports 12,000 t of Australian wheat
Reuters
Tweet
NEW DELHI, Oct 31:  
India has imported about 12,000 tonnes of wheat from Australia at $310-$315 a tonne despite overflowing grain bins at home as some flour millers and traders find it more economical and convenient to purchase high-protein wheat from overseas.
"Some flour millers down south were looking for high-protein wheat and we found imports easier in terms of both costs and logistics," said a trader from the southern city of Bangalore.
Two Delhi-based traders also confirmed the deal.
The central state of Madhya Pradesh does produce high-protein wheat, typically used to make pasta and noodles, but high local prices and freight costs encourage millers near India's southern ports to turn to exporters such as Australia.
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

India s April-Sept fiscal deficit nears 83% of full-year targetIndia's April-Sept fiscal deficit nears 83% of full-year target
PTI
Tweet
NEW DELHI, Oct 31:  
Fiscal deficit touched 82.6 per cent of the Budget Estimates for 2014-15 to cross Rs 4.38 lakh crore at the end of September.
During the same period of the 2013-14 fiscal, the deficit was at 76 per cent of the Budget Estimates (BE).
Net tax receipts in the first half of the fiscal stood at Rs 3.23 lakh crore, or 33.1 per cent of BE, the data released by the Controller General of Accounts today showed.
Total expenditure of the government during April- September was over Rs 8.62 lakh crore or 48 per cent of the estimates for the entire 2014-15 fiscal.
Of the total expenditure, Plan spending was at over Rs 2.46 lakh crore. Under non-plan head, it was Rs 6.15 lakh crore.
Revenue collection was over Rs 4.17 lakh crore or 35.1 per cent of the BE for the period.
Total receipts (from revenue and non-debt capital) of the government during the six months was over Rs 4.23 lakh crore.
The data showed that the revenue deficit during the period was over Rs 3.45 lakh crore or 91.2 per cent of the full year target.
The fiscal deficit was over Rs 5.08 lakh crore or 4.5 per cent of GDP in 2013-14. It was 4.9 per cent in 2012-13.
For entire 2014-15, fiscal deficit — gap between government expenditure and revenue — has been pegged at Rs 5.31 lakh crore or 4.1 per cent of GDP.
To reduce the fiscal deficit to the 7-year low level, the government had yesterday announced a slew of austerity measures aimed at cutting non-plan spending by 10 per cent.
As per the measures, the government has banned first class air travel for bureaucrats, meetings in five-star hotels and purchase of cars. It also decided to freeze new appointments.
“Such measures are intended at promoting fiscal discipline, without restricting the operational efficiency of the government,” a finance ministry statement said.
The government had put in place a fiscal consolidation roadmap as per which the fiscal deficit has to be brought down to 3 per cent of the GDP by 2016-17.
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

ICICI Bank  Axis Bank tie up for electronic toll collection programmeICICI Bank, Axis Bank tie up for electronic toll collection programme
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct. 31:  
Private sector banks ICICI Bank and Axis Bank today announced partnership with the Ministry of Road Transport & Highways, National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) and Indian Highways Management Company Limited (IHMCL) for the launch of the Electronic Toll Collection (ETC) programme on the National Highway 8 (NH-8). This service enables motorists to pay tolls electronically without stopping at the toll plazas in the 1,428-km highway which connects the country’s national capital Delhi with financial capital Mumbai.
Axis Bank has been empanelled by IHMCL (Indian Highways Management Company Ltd, a subsidiary of NHAI) to partner with them in the e-Toll project. FasTag users will be able to cruise through the toll plazas without the hassle of stopping for paying cash with Axis Bank facilitating electronic Toll Collection service at all Toll Plazas on the National Highways.
With the Ahmedabad – Delhi corridor of NH-8 being brought under the ETC programme today, the entire highway is now covered by this programme. ICICI Bank launched the ETC programme on the Mumbai – Vadodara stretch of NH8 and Vadodara – Ahmedabad Expressway last year.
Chanda Kochhar, Managing Director & CEO, ICICI Bank said, “ICICI Bank is delighted to be associated with implementation of Electronic Toll Collection on national highways. We were the first bank in the country to launch this innovative service on the Mumbai – Vadodara corridor of NH8 in 2013. ETC substantially enhances convenience for users, and we believe it will play a very important role in contributing to the growth of cashless payments in India. We are working with the Ministry, NHAI and IHMCL to cover more highways under ETC in the near future.”
To enable electronic payments at toll plazas, a prepaid ‘Radio Frequency Identification Device’ (RFID) tag known as ‘FASTag’ is affixed on the windscreen of the vehicle. As the vehicle crosses the toll plazas, the information is passed to the motorist’s prepaid account created at the central clearing house set-up by the Bank and the applicable toll amount is deducted and transferred to the concessionaire's account electronically.
A vehicle with the ‘FASTag’ can use the dedicated lanes on either side of the toll plaza to avoid long queues in the cash lanes of the toll plazas. There are 26 toll plazas from Mumbai to Delhi on NH8. Five of them are between Mumbai and Vadodara, six from Vadodara to Ahmedabad and 15 between Ahmedabad and Delhi.
Anyone, including non-customers of the Bank, can buy the tag from select ICICI Bank branches or Point of Sales set up by concessionaires at toll plazas by showing the "Know Your Customer" (KYC) documents and paying the required fee, ICICI Bank said.
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

Creditor banks move on Mallyas mansionIndian creditor banks move in on Vijay Mallya’s Goa mansion
By Amy Kazmin in New Delhi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ecc7a27a-60d3-11e4-894b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BBVA looks to USs midwest for banking innovation 
About the authors
Richard Waters has headed the FT's San Francisco bureau since 2002 and covers Google and Microsoft, among other things. A former New York bureau chief for the FT, he is intrigued by Silicon Valley's unique financial and business culture, and is looking forward to covering his second Tech Bust.
Chris Nuttall has been online and messing around with computers for more than 20 years. He reported from the FT's San Francisco bureau on semiconductors, video games, consumer electronics and all things interwebby from 2004 to 2013, before returning to London.
Tim Bradshaw is the FT's digital media correspondent, and has just moved from London to join our team in San Francisco. He has covered start-ups such as Twitter and Spotify, as well as the online ambitions of more established media companies, such as the BBC iPlayer. He also covers the advertising, marketing and video-game industries. Tim has been writing about technology, business and finance since 2003.
Robert Cookson is the FT's digital media correspondent in London. He covers digital enterprise in media, from the music industry to local newspapers and social networks such as Facebook and Twitter. A former Hong Kong markets correspondent, he is interested in the interplay between old media and new technologies.
Hannah Kuchler writes about technology and Silicon Valley from the FT's San Francisco bureau. She covers social media including Facebook and Twitter and the dark and mysterious world of cybersecurity. Hannah has worked for the FT in London, Hong Kong and New York, reporting on everything from British politics to the Chinese internet.
Sarah Mishkin in a correspondent in San Francisco, where she covers payments, e-commerce, and political news on the West Coast. Prior to California, she has worked as an FT reporter in New York, London, Abu Dhabi, Hong Kong, and most recently in Taiwan, where she covered Chinese internet companies, semiconductors, and tech supply chains.

Track domestic black money  FM asks I-T deptArun Jaitley says I-T dept should not lose sight of domestic black money
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 30, 2014  | 19:48 IST
FM Arun Jaitley
As government steps up efforts to bring illicit funds stashed abroad, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Thursday asked Income Tax department not to lose sight of domestic black money and "chase" sectors where it is most prevalent.
Addressing the senior officers of the Central Board of Direct taxes (CBDT), he asked tax officials to be assessee friendly while aiming at widening the tax base.
The Revenue Department officials, Jaitley said, should not "lose sight of domestic black money keeping in view its much high magnitude".
"He asked the senior officers of the I-T department to make their best efforts to chase those sectors where the domestic black money is most prevalent," a finance ministry statement said.
"The recovery of black money and taxes due thereon will also help the department in achieving its tax collection targets," Jaitley said.
The minister was speaking at a review meeting of Principal Chief Commissioners, Principal Directors General, Chief Commissioners of I-T in New Delhi on Thursday in order to assess the revenue collection target for 2014-15 fiscal.
Certain sectors of economy such as services sector are doing well while other sectors including manufacturing sector are gradually picking up compared to previous years, he said, adding that the economy will perform in the second half.
With the rise in economic activity, Jaitley expects the revenue collection targets to be achieved.

Iraq: Fearing uprising  Islamic State militants hunt ex-policeThe Islamic State group wanted to send a warning against anyone who might plot against its rule.
By: Associated Press | Baghdad | Posted: October 30, 2014 11:48 pm
The Islamic State group wanted to send a warning against anyone who might plot against its rule.
Back when the extremists took over the northern Iraqi city of Mosul in June, police Col. Mohammed Hassan was among some Sunnis in the security forces who surrendered, handed over their weapons and pledged to cut ties with the police. In return, the militants gave them “repentance badges” granting them some safety. But now, the Islamic State group suspected Hassan was engaging in activities against it.
So last week, IS fighters stormed Hassan’s house at night. Hassan and his son fought back, killing three attackers before they were gunned down. The militants then hung his mutilated body from a fence for several days near his home as an example, according to two residents who witnessed the battle and were aware of the events leading up to it. They spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity for fear of reprisals.
The past few weeks, the Islamic State group has been hunting down former policemen and army officers in areas it controls, apparently fearing they might join a potential internal Sunni uprising against its rule.
While world attention has been focused on the battle to fend off the extremists’ assault on the town of Kobani across the border in Syria, the group has killed dozens of its opponents this month in Iraq. In several instances, Sunnis have been lined up in public squares and gunned down or beheaded as a warning.
The aim is to prevent the Baghdad government and the US-led alliance from finding Sunni allies against it at a time when Kurdish fighters and Shiite militias backed by US-led airstrikes have made some gains, taking back several towns from the militants.
The campaign of killings adds a new bloody chapter in the Islamic State group’s legacy. In its blitz capturing a swath of Iraq and neighboring Syria, it gained a grisly notoriety for butchering its opponents and members of sects it considers heretical.
Human Rights Watch on Thursday said that the extremists carried out a mass killing of around 600 Shiite Muslim inmates being held in Mosul’s main prison when the group captured the city in June. The Shiites were separated from several hundred Sunni and Christian inmates who were set free, then the Shiites – along with a number of Kurds and Yazidis – were forced to kneel on the edge of a nearby ravine and were mowed down with automatic weapons, Human Rights Watch said in a report, based on interviews with survivors.
But killings of former police are of a new, different sort – a campaign to eliminate those who the extremists fear could become the nucleus of a revolt against their control.
In new killings, the militants on Wednesday paraded 30 Sunni continued…

In Modi govt s new austerity drive  no front-end cabins  5-star lunches for bureaucratsIn Modi govt's new austerity drive, no front-end cabins, 5-star lunches for bureaucrats
ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi | Published:  Oct 31 2014, 08:10  IST
Oct 31 2014, 08:10  IST
 

Samsung unveils mid-tier handsets Galaxy A3  A5 with premium feelE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Shah Rukh Khan s Red Chillies breaks its own record through Happy New YearPrint
Shah Rukh Khan's Red Chillies Entertainment Pvt Ltd announced today that the India Box Office collection at the end of the first week of release was Rs. 157.57 Crs.
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 31, 2014 11:43 am | Updated: October 31, 2014 11:53 am
Shah Rukh Khan ‘s Red Chillies Entertainment Pvt Ltd announced today that the India Box Office collection at the end of the first week of release was Rs. 157.57 crs.  ‘ Happy New Year ‘ established a new record at the Box Office for opening day and opening weekend.
Venky Mysore, RCE CEO said:  “As a production house, it is very gratifying for us that Happy New Year has beaten our own record set by Chennai Express in 2013, also a Red Chillies production.”
Gaurav Verma, RCE CRO said: “The response to ‘Happy New Year’ is overwhelming across the globe. We look forward to the next few weeks as ‘Happy New Year’ opens in more territories in Asia, Europe, Africa, Latin and North America.”
Happy New Year produced by Red Chillies Entertainments Pvt Ltd and directed by Farah Khan released in India on 24th October. The movie also features Deepika Padukone, Abhishek Bachchan, Boman Irani, Sonu Sood and Vivaan Shah.

Cos goes innovative with staff referral; offers rewardsYou are here: Home > Collections
Industry goes innovative with staff referral plans; offers attractive rewards
Devina Sengupta & Anumeha Chaturvedi, ET Bureau Oct 31, 2014, 01.52PM IST
Tags:
hire
(Employers are ready to dole…)
MUMBAI | NEW DELHI: Get your friend as coworker and take your Harley-Davidson. Companies, from startups to old brick-andmortar giants, are going innovative on rewarding staff who bring potential employees from their networks. Cash rewards are still around but out of fashion, and iPads and iPhones are among the most common prizes. Internet product company Directi is urgently looking for mobile app developers for its new communication business and wants to hire 20 senior developers in two months. It launched an employee referral programme this August and the prizes include a Harley-Davidson bike and Volkswagen Polo car. Previously, it had given away iPads, and that had proved to be immensely successful in filling up urgent vacancies.
SmartPlay, a technology service provider, is offering European holidays along with several other rewards to employees who help recruit fresh staff. Rewards become bigger and novel when the demand is in niche areas.
Employee referral is increasingly becoming an effective recruitment tool. Employers are ready to dole out big rewards to staff who help recruit the right talent because the candidates they bring make the cut more often than those who come through recruitment firms.
The chances of such candidates falling prey to counter offers are found to be lower too, as often the existing staff become brand ambassadors for the company to persuade them to get on board. With the economy now looking set to make a turnaround, the battle for talent has become intense. Many companies, especially in the technology and emerging sectors, are looking to recruit experienced employees in droves, and fast.
Many are turning to their own employees for help."We got 75 resumes in one month and, despite being a regular at top tech colleges, this was the best way to get employees with experience," said Ameya Ayachit, senior manager for talent acquisition at Directi India, which develops mass-market Web products.
The Mumbai-based firm also launched an external referral programme, wherein a candidate seeking a job with the company can refer friends and if those people get selected, then the candidate would get half the monthly salary of the selected employee as an incentive. And, the candidate himself doesn't have to pass the interview to claim this incentive.
"We realised that those who reach the last stages, will have peer group with similar skillset and that is our target lot," Ayachit said. Employee referrals, say companies, have a 50-60% conversion rate, and the chances of retention are higher than those employed via recruitment portals or agencies. Besides, can save on cost, while also rewarding existing staff.
Startups are at the forefront with employee referral programmes, with attractive incentives to net the young workforce. Last week, Bangalore-based taxi aggregator Ola Cabs announced it would give away the newly launched iPhone 6 and paid international holidays for those who refer mid- to senior-level candidates. The company also gives out cash payouts and Ola Money credits which give them free cab rides. Rival Taxi For Sure, launched an employee referral programme for the first time officially this May, offering cash.
It plans to also give away iPhones, gadgets and two-way air fare for domestic holidays starting next month. In fact, some of the startups, which have re- alised the necessity of employee referrals, are making their programmes more attractive. And they include SmartPlay, the company that is offering European holidays. Its fovourite reward for the past four years was iPads.
 
From now on, it would also give away digital SLR cameras, along with smartphones. "It is a task to get engineering and computer science candidates with niche skills in the semiconductor space," said Vice President Vijay Mohan. Last year, it offered trips to Mauritius, and now plans to roll out European holidays that will likely get more traction, Mohan said.
His target is to take referral hires to 50% next year from 35% now. Business and technology service provider Sapient Global Markets introduced Harley-Davidson as its"bumper" prize five weeks ago."It is a competitive market and we need to sell the profile and create internal buzz. Around 25% of our hires are via employee referrals and with these incentives, resume inflow doubles up," said Director, Capacity, Rishi Bhatnagar.
"We plan to make 50% of our hires via this route next year." The offers often become innovative when the demand is for talent that isn't easily available. Last year Sapient Nitro rolled out a referral scheme where above a certain number of hires, the company would take care part of marital expenses of the staff who bring new employees, and education loans, as well as pay a percentage of down payment on car and home loan. Some of the referral schemes are rolled out to meet gender diversity and increase headcount in newer cities.

In pics: Remembering Indira Gandhi on her 30th death anniversaryComments
A day before Indian prime minister Indira Gandhi was shot dead, she told a public rally that "If I die today, every drop of my blood will invigorate the nation".
She was assassinated on October 31, 1984, near her Delhi residence by two Sikh security guards who wanted vengeance for authourising a military attack on the Golden Temple in Amritsar five months earlier.
Riots erupted following her murder, as Hindus took their revenge on Sikhs.
This is Hindustan Times' front page a day after she was shot:
We commemorate the Indian Iron Lady's 30th death anniversary in pics:
Indira Gandhi was Prime Minister three times and the dominant figure in India for almost two decades.
At age 48, she became India's first woman prime minister.
Thirty years on, the Congress appears a much weakened political force, appearing leaderless. That's a sharp
fall from the time of her rule.
Indira Gandhi is credited with the abolition of the princely privy purses, nationalisation of banks and providing
a strong leadership during the 1971 war with Pakistan that led to the creation of Bangladesh.
Her decision to impose internal emergency in 1975 following a court verdict unseating her from power drew
widespread criticism.
Some three million people reportedly attended her funeral.
Her son Rajiv Gandhi was sworn in as her successor within hours of her death. He went on to win a landslide
victory in the general election in December 1984.
Rajiv Gandhi was himself assassinated by a suicide bomber on 21 May 1991.
Indira Gandhi poses for a photo with her family in happier times.

Twitter chat @ETMarkets  4pm: Where to investtwitter chat @etmarkets  4pm: where to invest
US: Plane crashes at Kansas airport  killing 4print
A small plane lost power after takeoff and crashed into a flight-training building while trying to return to a Kansas airport Thursday, killing four people, injuring five others and igniting a fire that sent up towering plumes of black smoke that could be seen for miles (kilometers) around Wichita.
Three of the dead were inside a flight simulator in the building when the plane crashed into it at the city's Mid-Continent Airport, and the fourth was found on the roof and is believed to be the pilot, Wichita Fire chief Ronald Blackwell said.
Five others were injured in the crash, and one of those was in serious condition at a hospital, Blackwell said. Officials said only one person was on board the plane and that everyone who was in the building had been accounted for. Identities of the victims were not immediately released.
"We understand that this is a very difficult time, especially for folks who have family members who are working out here and they don't know," Wichita Fire Marshal Brad Crisp said.
The plane, identified as a twin-engine Beechcraft King Air, crashed into a building that FlightSafety International uses to train pilots to fly Cessna planes, company spokesman Steve Phillips said. The Federal Aviation Administration said it crashed after losing engine power and trying to return to the airport.Watch: Four dead after plane crashes at Kansas airport
 
It appeared to strike the top of the building and ignite what Blackwell described as a "horrific" fire.
The crash was "not an intentional act," Wichita Police Deputy Chief John Speer said. "We are comfortable in saying this is an aviation accident."
The crash caused so much structural damage to the building that rescuers were unable pull victims' remains from the wreckage. It wasn't clear Thursday when that would happen, and heavy equipment was being brought to the scene to assist the effort.
Jeff Papacek, 39, of Wichita, said he saw a "giant fireball" as he was heading to his engineering job at Learjet, which has a testing facility at the airport. He said he didn't see the crash because there were too many buildings in the way, but he said the plane caught his attention beforehand.
"We are used to planes flying straight with the runway, and this plane just didn't look like it was lined up and was way too low for the direction it was going," Papacek said, adding that he drove to the crash site to see what was happening and saw the building fire raging.
The crash did not significantly disrupt passenger traffic at the airport.
The aircraft, which was manufactured in 2000, was headed to Arkansas for painting and interior refurbishing work with Rose Aircraft Services Inc., according to that company's CEO, Keith Rose.
"Our prayers go out to the families of the victims and those owning and operating the aircraft and facilities," Rose said. "No further information is available at this time out of respect for those involved in this tragic loss."
A tail number provided by the National Transportation Safety Board showed the plane is registered to Beechcraft Corp. Beechcraft spokeswoman Nicole Alexander confirmed in an email that the aircraft was registered to the company but said it was recently sold. She said she couldn't comment further and referred additional questions to the NTSB.
Located several miles (kilometers) west of downtown Wichita, a longtime aircraft manufacturing hub, Wichita Mid-Continent is used by private
aircraft and served by several airlines and their regional affiliates, including American, Southwest, Delta, United and Allegiant. It saw more than 13,000 departures and about 1.4 million passengers last year, according to the U.S. Department of Transportation.
The crash is the latest in a string of incidents at the airport. In December, an avionics technician was arrested after a months-long undercover sting when he allegedly tried to drive a van filled with inert explosives onto the tarmac in a plot prosecutors say was intended to kill as many people as possible. Then in January, an Oklahoma man rammed his pickup truck through a security gate at the airport.
In September, the airport conducted a large-scale disaster exercise featuring the mock crash of a 737 aircraft.
One patient remains in serious condition at Via Christi Hospital St. Francis and four others have been treated and released, hospital spokesman Roz Hutchinson said.

2G money laundering case: Charges framed against Raja  KanimozhiComments
“I hope you’re all pleading guilty,” he said in open court. However, all the accused said they pleaded not guilty. The trial will be held on November 11, and the court will begin by examining the complainant and ED’s joint director Himanshu Kumar Lal.
The agency had on April 25 filed its charge sheet which accused 10 individuals and nine companies of being in “connivance” with each other to “park” illegal gratification of Rs. 223.55 crore in Kalaignar TV.
The gratification was received from the promoters of DB Realty Group and Swan Telecom Shahid Balwa and Vinod K Goenka. It was given to A Raja and MK Dayalu, K Kanimozhi and Sharad Kumar through various companies as a “bribe for grant of telecom licences to DB Group companies”.
In its 208-page order, the court noted that Raja was “actually involved in the process of refund of the proceeds of crime of Rs. 223.55 crore in order to wriggle out of the charges of crime”. The whole amount was “proceeds of crime,” it added.
Senior DMK leaders in Chennai declined comment on the fresh development beyond saying, “We will fight the issue legally.”
Besides Raja, Kanimozhi and Dayalu Ammal, the individual co-accused in the case are Shahid Balwa, Vinod Goenka, directors of Kusegaon Fruits and Vegetables Pvt Ltd Asif Balwa and Rajiv Agarwal, Kalaignar TV (KTV) MD Sharad Kumar, its director P Amirtham and Bollywood producer Karim Morani.
The court also framed charges against the nine accused firms including Swan Telecom and Kalaignar TV. It observed that the allegations of money laundering and bribery against the accused were “factual and credible”.

Gold  silver tumble to four-year low as $ ralliesThe greenback got a boost from strong US gross domestic product data and the Bank of Japan's surprise move to expand its monetary easing. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SINGAPORE: Gold and silver slumped to their lowest since 2010 on Friday, as robust US economic data and a stronger dollar pressured prices, with stop-loss orders accelerating the metals' decline.
Gold and silver were hit hard after the dollar rose to a near four-week high against a basket of major currencies on Friday. The greenback got a boost from strong US gross domestic product data and the Bank of Japan's surprise move to expand its massive monetary easing that weakened the yen.
The metals were already facing some heat after the US Federal Reserve earlier in the week largely dismissed financial market volatility, a slowdown in Europe and a weak inflation outlook as factors that might undercut progress towards its unemployment and inflation goals.
The hawkish comments and the strong economic data dulled gold's appeal as a hedge.
Spot gold slid over 2 per cent to $1,168.66 an ounce - its lowest since July 2010. The metal's losses accelerated after the BOJ announcement sent the dollar index soaring to fresh session highs. US gold futures also tumbled.
There were big stop loss orders below $1,180.50 an ounce - the triple bottom for gold, said a Hong Kong-based precious metals trader . That combined with the strong movement in the dollar against the yen sent gold lower, he said.
The metal is on track for a 4.7 per cent drop this week, the biggest decline since June 2013. It is also headed for a second straight monthly drop.
"We hold a bearish view on gold, considering a recovering US economy and expectations of higher rates," said Chen Min , a precious metals analyst at Jinrui Futures in Shenzhen . "In the long term, we believe gold is likely to break closer to $1,000."
Silver fell nearly 3 per cent to $15.94 on Friday - its lowest since February 2010. It was poised for a fourth monthly drop in a row.
Reflecting bearish sentiment, SPDR Gold Trust , the world's largest gold-backed exchange-traded fund, said its holdings fell 0.16 per cent to 741.20 tonnes on Thursday, a six-year low.
NO SUPPORT FROM PHYSICAL MARKETS
Gold failed to get any support from the Asian physical markets, a factor that could likely push it to further lows. Physical demand usually provides a floor to dropping prices.
Buyers in top consumer China failed to emerge despite the drop below $1,200.
Premiums on the Shanghai Gold Exchange - the main platform for physical trades in the country - slipped on Friday to less than $1 an ounce, occasionally dropping to a discount against the global benchmark.
Premiums ranged between $1 and $2 on Thursday. The lower premiums underscore the soft appetite for gold in China after record consumption last year.
China's gold consumption tumbled 21.4 per cent year-on-year in the first nine months of the year to 754.8 tonnes, the China Gold Association said in the statement on Friday.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Anandiben Patel to inaugurate worlds tallest WTG Hybrid tower inKutchPrint
By: Express News Service | Ahmedabad | Posted: October 31, 2014 3:17 pm
The Suzlon Group will be launching the world’s tallest Wind Turbine Generator (WTG) hybrid tower at Naniber in Kutch district of Gujarat.
The WTG measuring about 120 meters will be inaugurated by Gujarat chief minister Anandiben Patel at a formal function in Kutch on November 6, stated a communique from the company.
The event is also meant to celebrate the milestone of crossing 1100 MW at Suzlon’s largest wind farm in Kutch. Initiated at Changdai in August 2005, this wind park includes a cluster of wind farm sites spread across Kutch district including Nanisindholi, Suthri, Jakhau, Amaliyara, Vanku, Lathedi, Jamanvada, Sinoi and Shikarpur.
Suzlon currently has a total installed capacity of over 1500 MW in Gujarat and accounts for nearly 50 percent of the total wind power installations in the state. Jamnagar, Porbandar, Rajkot and Bhavnagar are the other locations in Gujarat where Suzlon as installations.

Kerala High Court refuses to interfere with Kochi KissfestBy: Press Trust of India | Kochi | Posted: October 31, 2014 3:16 pm
Kerala High Court on Friday refused to interfere with the proposed ‘Kiss of Love’ programme here on Nov 2 which is being organised to protest moral policing, after the state government assured action will be taken in the event of any illegal activities.
READ:  Kochi youths plan ‘kiss day’ after cafe vandalism
When two petitions seeking to prohibit the holding of the event by a group of Facebook users came up in the court, the government informed sufficient police would be deployed and action taken if any illegal activity took place at the event.
Recording the submission, a Division Bench comprising Acting Chief Justice Ashok Bhushan and Justice A M Shaffique disposed of the petitions filed by two students of the Ernakulam Government Law College and the Sri Sathya Sai Orphanage Trust, Thiruvananthapuram.
The petitioners submitted that the event was a violation of the provisions of the IPC and the Kerala Police Act and also against Indian culture. The law students wanted a direction to the Ernakulam District Collector and City Police Commissioner to prevent ‘obscenity in public’.
Meanwhile, Home Minister Ramesh Chennithala, in a Facebook post, said he believed that the right to protest was a fundamental right and should never be questioned or suppressed. But the protesters should not create a law and order problem. If any such situation arises, police will not hesitate to take action.
Chennithala also warned that stern action will be taken against those indulging in moral policing.
The ‘Kiss of Love’ campaign, is a call by group of “Free Thinkers” led by short film maker Rahul Pasupalan, to come to Marine drive on Nov 2 to hug and kiss each other.
They have called for the programme to protest against the vandalism by Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha volunteers on a hotel in Kozhikode last week, alleging that immoral activities were going on there.
The organisers were yet to get permission from the police, but have decided to go ahead with the event. VHP has come out against the programme, pointing that kissing in public was against Indian culture.
However, it has denied reports that it would take steps to physically prevent the programme from being held.
“VHP will not take law into their hands to prevent people from participating in the event,” a statement from the state unit of the organisation said.
BJP state wing Vice President, M T Ramesh, said in Thrissur that the saffron party would not prevent holding of the event.
Moral policing and violent protests were “not BJP’s cup of tea”, he told reporters.

Modi has made people confident about India: ShahComments
BJP President Amit Shah on Friday said Prime Minister Narendra Modi's leadership has reinstilled confidence in the people of this country and across the globe about India's abilities.
"People in the country were very disappointed during the last 10 years. But after Modi became Prime Minister, within four months, people not just in the country but in the entire world have regained confidence in India's ability to lead the world," Shah said addressing the 'Karyakarta Sankalp Adhiveshan' programme ahead of the local bodies polls in Madhya Pradesh.
The programmes launched by Modi Government in the sphere of security, 'Make in India', 'Jan Dhan Yojna', 'Shramev Jayate' and 'Swachh Bharat Abhiyan' among others are examples of his leadership, he said.
"Though after BJP's historic victory in the Lok Sabha polls, people have accepted Modi as their leader, some of them raised doubts after a few by-poll results. But they were also silenced by BJP's spectacular performance in Maharashtra and Haryana, where the party came to power for the first time in history," he said.
"After the victory in Maharashtra and Haryana, where the BJP had decided to contest alone, Modi has made a place for himself in the people's hearts," he said. Shah praised BJP's Madhya Pradesh unit which was nurtured by stalwarts like Kushabhau Thakre and late Rajmata Vijayaraje Scindia.
"Since the days of Jansangh, BJP's Madhya Pradesh unit has excelled and is one of the strongest party units in the country," he said.
Wherever BJP came to power in the country, it worked for the poor and backward classes and ensured benefits reached even the last man in the society.
This resulted in its repeated victory in states like Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh and Goa among others, he said. Praising Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan, Shah said his government has transformed the state by working in the areas of road, power and water.
He also lauded the state government for achieving 24.99% agricultural growth and over 10 per cent GDP. Chouhan has not only ensured that Madhya Pradesh came out of the BIMARU category, but now it is fast becoming a welfare state by implementing a large number of developmental schemes, the BJP president said.
He also lauded the state for having perfect coordination between the government and the party organisation.

Lava launches Iris Fuel 50 Android KitKat smartphone at Rs7 779Lava Iris Fuel 50 runs on a 1.3 GHz quad-core processor with 1GB RAM.
By: Tech Desk | New Delhi | Posted: October 31, 2014 3:43 pm | Updated: November 1, 2014 8:24 pm
Lava has launched its Iris Fuel 50 smartphone today at a price of Rs 7,799. Lava claims to offer better battery life in its Fuel 50 handset. The smartphone features a 5-inch FWVGA IPS display with scratch resistant Asahi Dragon-trail glass protection and runs on a 1.3 GHz quad-core processor with 1GB RAM. It comes with 8GB internal memory which is expandable up to 32 GB.
The Iris Fuel 50 is a dual SIM phone supporting 3G in one of the SIM slots and runs on Android 4.4 KitKat operating system. Powered by a 3000 mAh battery, it includes an 8MP AF rear camera with BSI-II sensor and a 2MP FF front camera.
The phone offers gesture driven features as well. For instance, the user may double tap the screen to wake up from sleep mode, the user may draw certain letters on the display in sleep mode and link these with one of the various tasks within the device. The user may just draw “C” to open up camera application, draw “M” for music application so on and so forth. All these are customizable and the user can set these up based on their choice.
Key specs:

PM Narendra Modi skips event at Indira GandhismemorialPrint
Earlier in the day, Modi tweeted:"I join my fellow countrymen & women in remembering former PM Smt. Indira Gandhi on her Punya Tithi."
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 31, 2014 3:40 pm | Updated: October 31, 2014 3:54 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday skipped the event commemorating the death anniversary of former Prime Minister Indira Gandhi at the Shakti Sthal memorial where President Pranab Mukherjee, Vice President Hamid Ansari and top leaders of the Congress paid floral tributes to her.
The dignitaries including Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi drove to the memorial where they placed floral wreaths at the spot where she was laid to rest even as Modi flagged off a ‘Unity Run’ to mark 139th birth anniversary of Sardar Patel.
Devotional songs were played at Shakti Sthal. A speech of the late leader was also played on the occasion. There was also an event at her residence where she was shot dead on this day 30 years ago which had been converted into a memorial.
Expressing Congress’ displeasure over government keeping away from the event to pay homage to Gandhi, senior Congress leader Manish Tewari said Indira Gandhi lived and died for the nation and it was the responsibility of every government to honour her sacrifice.
The event at Shakti Sthal, organised by Congress, was attended by party leaders Motilal Vora, M Veerappa Moily, Sushil Kumar  Shinde, Ahmed Patel, Bhupinder Singh Hooda, Ghulam Nabi Azad, Digvijay Singh and Shakeel Ahmad besides others.
In the past, Atal Behari Vajpayee as Prime Minister had visited Indira Gandhi’s memorial to pay homage on her death anniversary.
Earlier in the day, Modi tweeted:”I join my fellow countrymen & women in remembering former PM Smt. Indira Gandhi on her Punya Tithi.”
In his address at the Rajpath to commemorate birth anniversary of Patel, India’s first Home Minister, Modi had referred to the day as Indira Gandhi’s death anniversary.
Modi’s ministerial colleague Harsh Vardhan, who is on an official visit in Spain also paid homage to Gandhi.
“Remember Indira Gandhi the former PM of India who had to sacrifice her life on this day thirty years back – shall always be remembered,” he said in a tweet.

Jitan Ram Manjhi denies differences withNitishBy: Press Trust of India | Patna | Posted: October 31, 2014 3:36 pm
Amid reports of growing distance between Jitan Ram Manjhi and Nitish Kumar, the Bihar Chief Minister on Friday dismissed claims that he had any “difference” with his predecessor and blamed media for “triggering a controversy through wrong portrayal”.
“Mere aur Nitish Kumar me Choli Daman ka saath hain (we are deeply attached to each other),” Manjhi told reporters on the sidelines of a function in Gaya.
Further seeking to play down the controversy, Manjhi said, “He (Kumar) is looking after party affairs and I am seeing work of the government.”
Dismissing reports on “differences” between him and Kumar, Manjhi blamed media for triggering controversy through “wrong portrayal.”
“One electronic media fudged report to show my wife saying she is performing Chhath so that I can get second term as chief minister…this is sheer lie and a motivated news,” Manjhi alleged.
The reports of “differences” between Kumar and Manjhi started doing the rounds after the CM made some remarks which indicated that he was keen on having a second term as chief minister after 2015 polls.
Though Kumar, who had handpicked Manjhi to succeed him after he stepped down in wake of JD(U) debacle in general election, has not uttered a word on the issue, some events which he skipped and where Manjhi was present gave rise to the speculations.
Kumar had recently called a meeting of party MPs and MLAs over his “Samparak Yatra” but Manjhi was not present.
Opposition BJP has grabbed the issue to attack Kumar and JD(U). Senior BJP leaders Sushil Kumar Modi and Nand Kishore Yadav have been alleging that all was not well between Manjhi and Kumar and this was having an adverse impact on the running of the administration.
In response, state minister and senior JD(U) leader Shyam Rajak attributed BJP’s accusation to “cover up inner fight” within the saffron party.
“To cover up inner fight within BJP their leaders are peeping into house of others,” Rajak said.
Meanwhile, dismissing senior BJP leader and former Union Minister C P Thakur’s recent invitation to Manjhi and Kumar to join the BJP, Manjhi said BJP was a “communal” party whereas JD(U) is a secular organisation.
Ridiculing the offer, JD(U) President Sharad Yadav said Thakur should first state his status in the saffron party.
Yadav met some state ministers today and later went to Kumar’s residence where the latter is holding meeting with JD(U) district chiefs in connection with his “Samparak Yatra” from November 13.
Ministers Rajiv Ranjan Lallan, P K Shahi and Narendra Narayan Yadav besides state party chief, Basistha Narayan Singh were among others who met Yadav at the state guest house.

BJP dares Azam Khan to ban RSS in UttarPradeshBy: Press Trust of India | Lucknow | Posted: October 31, 2014 3:36 pm
Days after Uttar Pradesh Minister Azam Khan wrote a letter to Union Home Ministry against the RSS, BJP on Friday dared him to ban the outfit in the state.
“It seems that Khan is losing his mental balance. He has his government in the state. If he has the guts, then he should ban RSS,” BJP state President Laxmi Kant Bajpai told reporters here.
“Why is he telling the Centre? His party is in power in the state, then he should sign an order,” he said.
Bajpai was commenting on Khan’s letter to Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh regarding RSS.
Terming RSS view that all citizens of the country were Hindus as against the basic spirit of the Constitution, Khan had on October 28 asked Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh to take serious note of it.
In the letter, Khan drew the attention of the Union Minister to a statement made by RSS’ All India Publicity In-Charge Manmohan Vaidya on October 16 terming every citizen of India as a Hindu and said that such comments were harmful for the country’s national unity and brotherhood.
“According to me this is not only harmful to the amity and brotherhood but is also in a way against the spirit of the Constitution. It has also led to fear among the minority Muslims that their rights might be taken away anytime,” Azam had said.

Jitan Ram Manjhi denies  differences  with NitishBy: Press Trust of India | Patna | Posted: October 31, 2014 3:36 pm
Amid reports of growing distance between Jitan Ram Manjhi and Nitish Kumar, the Bihar Chief Minister on Friday dismissed claims that he had any “difference” with his predecessor and blamed media for “triggering a controversy through wrong portrayal”.
“Mere aur Nitish Kumar me Choli Daman ka saath hain (we are deeply attached to each other),” Manjhi told reporters on the sidelines of a function in Gaya.
Further seeking to play down the controversy, Manjhi said, “He (Kumar) is looking after party affairs and I am seeing work of the government.”
Dismissing reports on “differences” between him and Kumar, Manjhi blamed media for triggering controversy through “wrong portrayal.”
“One electronic media fudged report to show my wife saying she is performing Chhath so that I can get second term as chief minister…this is sheer lie and a motivated news,” Manjhi alleged.
The reports of “differences” between Kumar and Manjhi started doing the rounds after the CM made some remarks which indicated that he was keen on having a second term as chief minister after 2015 polls.
Though Kumar, who had handpicked Manjhi to succeed him after he stepped down in wake of JD(U) debacle in general election, has not uttered a word on the issue, some events which he skipped and where Manjhi was present gave rise to the speculations.
Kumar had recently called a meeting of party MPs and MLAs over his “Samparak Yatra” but Manjhi was not present.
Opposition BJP has grabbed the issue to attack Kumar and JD(U). Senior BJP leaders Sushil Kumar Modi and Nand Kishore Yadav have been alleging that all was not well between Manjhi and Kumar and this was having an adverse impact on the running of the administration.
In response, state minister and senior JD(U) leader Shyam Rajak attributed BJP’s accusation to “cover up inner fight” within the saffron party.
“To cover up inner fight within BJP their leaders are peeping into house of others,” Rajak said.
Meanwhile, dismissing senior BJP leader and former Union Minister C P Thakur’s recent invitation to Manjhi and Kumar to join the BJP, Manjhi said BJP was a “communal” party whereas JD(U) is a secular organisation.
Ridiculing the offer, JD(U) President Sharad Yadav said Thakur should first state his status in the saffron party.
Yadav met some state ministers today and later went to Kumar’s residence where the latter is holding meeting with JD(U) district chiefs in connection with his “Samparak Yatra” from November 13.
Ministers Rajiv Ranjan Lallan, P K Shahi and Narendra Narayan Yadav besides state party chief, Basistha Narayan Singh were among others who met Yadav at the state guest house.

Maharashtra: Uddhav Thackeray to attend swearing-in of BJP s Devendra FadnavisDevendra Fadnavis
(Following BJP President…)
NEW DELHI/MUMBAI: Shiv Sena Chief Uddhav Thackeray today agreed to attend the swearing-in ceremony of Devendra Fadnavis as Maharashtra Chief Minister after a last-minute call from BJP President Amit Shah inviting him to the event.
Reaching out to a sulking Shiv Sena, Shah's call to Uddhav came a day after the Sena announced its boycott of the grand swearing-in ceremony of Fadnavis on grounds of its "constant humiliation" by BJP over government formation in Maharashtra.
Fadnavis is also understood to have called up Thackeray requesting his presence at the event this evening.
Shiv Sena MP Vinayak Raut said Uddhav Thackeray will attend the swearing-in of Fadnavis after the call from Shah.
BJP had sent out invites to Shiv Sena chief Thackeray, NCP chief Sharad Pawar and former Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan for the event.
Amidst uncertainty over Shiv Sena's role in the formation of the new government in Maharashtra, the party yesterday said its leaders would not attend Fadnavis' swearing-in.
"We have constantly been humiliated by the BJP, which has not gone down well with our MLAs. As our MLAs feel that BJP did not give us due respect, why should we attend the oath-taking ceremony?" Raut had said.
Earlier yesterday, BJP general secretary Rajiv Pratap Rudy had told PTI that it was unlikely that anybody from Shiv Sena will be sworn in.
"Talks with Sena are on in an amicable atmosphere...but there has been no outcome yet," he had said provoking the Sena to announce its decision of boycotting the event.
Fadnavis, a four-term MLA from Nagpur, will be administered the oath of office later today by Governor C Vidyasagar Rao at Wankhede Stadium in the presence of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, several of his Cabinet colleagues, chief ministers of BJP-ruled states, corporate leaders, Bollywood stars and other celebrities.
FEATURED ARTICLES

CoalMin to set up panel for valuation of 42 ...You are here: Home > Collections > Valuation
Coal Ministry to set up panel for valuation of 42 running blocks
PTI Oct 31, 2014, 03.11PM IST
Tags:
Assessment
(The panel shall recommend…)
NEW DELHI: The Coal Ministry has decided to constitute a six-member panel for valuation and assessment of the 42 running coal blocks which were deallocated by the Supreme Court.
"In pursuance to Supreme Court's judgement...wherein 204 coal blocks allocated to various companies, since 1993 to 2009 was quashed. Out of these 204 coal blocks 42 (37+5) are running coal mines," an official said.
"In order to assess the value of the assets to be paid for acquisition of these 42 running mines, the competent authority has decided to constitute a valuation committee," the official added.
The panel under the Chairmanship of Pratiyush Sinha , the retired IAS Officer, will have representative from the ministries of power, finance, law, coal and CMPDIL, the official said.
The committee will carry out assessment of the liabilities associated with the operations of the mine, the official added.
The official said that proposed terms of reference of the committee includes, "valuation of assets of each of the coal blocks (37+5)...land demarcated for afforestation and land for rehabilitation and re-settlement of persons affected by coal mining operations under the relevant law."
The panel shall recommend the value of the assets to be paid for acquisition and give its recommendations by November 10, the official said.
The committee may engage expert/consultants for the purpose of valuation of analysis of coal mines. The committee may consider selecting such experts from the approved panels of public sector banks/insurance companies.
In a major blow to the corporate sector, the Supreme Court had in September quashed allocation of 204 out of 218 coal blocks which were alloted to various companies since 1993.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Protests continue in Tamil Nadu over death sentence to 5fishermenPrint
By: Press Trust of India | Chennai | Posted: October 31, 2014 4:04 pm | Updated: October 31, 2014 4:06 pm
Protests rocked different parts of Tamil Nadu for the second day on Friday against the capital punishment awarded by a Sri Lankan court to five Indian fishermen for alleged drug trafficking.
A fishermen’s association at Rameswaram announced that they would go on an ‘indefinite strike’ till the Indian government went for an appeal in a higher court against the death sentence awarded to the five fishermen.
Protesting fishermen lifted blockades in Rameswaram following assurances from Ramanathapuram MP Anwar Raajha, Collector Nanda Kumar and police officials who held talks with them.
The officials assured leaders of the fishermen communities that appeal would be made in the case and that the Centre had also had expressed the view that the fishermen were innocent.
Meanwhile, protests were held in various areas in Chennai, Kumbakonam and Tuticorin by fringe Tamil outfits.
Pro-Tamil groups tried to lay a siege to the Sri Lankan Deputy High Commission in Chennai, but police foiled their attempt. Around 200 activists were detained, police said.
The angry protestors burnt effigies of Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa, condemning the death penalty to the fishermen hailing from the state. Protests were also held outside the office of Sri Lankan Airways here.
Small political outfits burned effigies of Rajapaksa and Sri Lankan national flags in Kumbakonam and Tuticorin respectively, police said. Advocates boycotted court proceedings in Kumbakonam.
Meanwhile, security was stepped up for Sri Lankan assets here, including the Mahabodhi Society, Sri Lankan Airways and Bank of Ceylon, among others.
DMK president M Karunanidhi said since the fishermen had been allowed time till November 14 to appeal in the Supreme Court, the Centre should immediately contact Sri Lankan government and pave the way for their release.

Kerala division bench orders status quo on bar issue; 250 bars to remainopenPrint
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: October 31, 2014 4:01 pm
In a setback to the state government in its liquor policy vis-a-vis 730 bar hotels, a division bench of the Kerala high court on Friday stayed the single bench verdict, which ordered for the closure of three-star bar hotels in the state.
The court ordered that the status quo should continue for next one month with regard to the functioning of the bar hotels in Kerala.
On Thursday, the single bench of Justice Surendra Mohan had partially ratified the new liquor policy of the Congress government but allowed the functioning of the four-star, heritage hotels, numbering 33 and eight respectively. That was apart from the 21 five-star hotels which have bar licence.
As per the order, the state government had initiated steps to close down 250-odd bars which were out of the purview of four or five-star category. Already, 418 bar hotels in Kerala have been closed since last April as the state government had not renewed their license.
As per the order of the division bench, the 250-odd bar hotels, which were facing closure on Friday, could function for next one month. Since, first of every month and all Sundays have been declared as dry days, these bars which got a reprieve from the high court, could function on next Monday only.

Sensex up 519 pts; to hit 30K soon | Gold prices plunges by Rs 600You are here: Home > Collections
Sensex ends day at record high, seen on track to hit 30,000 in 60 days
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 31, 2014, 03.40PM IST
(Analysts at top brokerage…)
NEW DELHI: Both S&P BSE Sensex and Nifty made fresh highs today, surging nearly 2 per cent each in trade on Friday. The 30-share index ended the day at 27,865.83, up 519.50 points, or 1.90 per cent. The Nifty shut shop at 8322.20, up 153 points, or 1.87 per cent.
The Sensex hit its fresh lifetime high of 27,894.32 in intraday trade, while the 50-share Nifty index rose over 150 points to make its all-time high of 8,330.75.
Strong macro environment, reform push by the new government and falling inflation have already boosted the Sensex by over 30 per cent so far in the year 2014. But analysts at Dalal Street see further upside in the index up to the levels of 30,000 by the December-end and over 35,000 in the next one year.
Analysts at top brokerage firms firmly believe that we are in a bull market and equities will remain the best asset class in the next couple of years, provided global markets remain stable.
The markets have been on an upward trajectory since the last few days on the back of renewed vigor shown by the government to initiate reforms, apart from lower crude prices, lower inflation, supportive global cues and decent earnings, say experts.
Vikas Khemani of Edelweiss Financial Services believes that from the medium to long-term perspective, India remains one of the best markets to be in and equity remains one of the best asset classes to be invested into.
Expectations are running high given the fact that macros have stabalised and growth has bottomed out. And with the rate cycle set to reverse and more reforms gets implemented, the Indian markets may well be on top of the list of FIIs despite global concerns.
Though the quantitative easing ended on Wednesday, but the Federal Reserve is keeping the 'considerable period of time' stance for raising interest rates until it sees more improvement in the economy, which cheered the markets.
"Taking cues from the same, the BSE Sensex and the Nifty hit fresh highs and we are expecting further upside from the current levels as this move of the Fed has surely boosted the confidence of retail as well as global investors," said Vivek Gupta,CMT - Director Research, CapitalVia Global Research Limited.
"As the Nifty is further looking bullish on charts and fundamentals also seem to be supportive, slight correction might be on the way. But the overall upswing is likely to occur till Nov expiry. Our targets for the Nifty till December are 8400 & 8700 and for the Sensex, 30000 can be the golden figure," he added.
The slowdown in growth rates has dampened the sentiment quite a bit not just for Indian markets, but across the globe. But one thing which experts feel very firmly is the fact that India happens to be in a sweet spot and the whole India story remains intact.
India has managed to hold onto its macro factors compared with the rest of the emerging market economies and that will aide capital flow. They have also managed to push through key economic reforms.
 
After the recent diesel price deregulation, the government on Wednesday eased overseas investment rules in construction to attract money into the funds-starved sector and serve its twin objectives of faster job creation and housing for all.
"Economic indicators such as inflation, factory output, crude oil and other commodity prices are reflecting favorable numbers, which would further keep the market at comfortable levels in the coming month," said Tushar Pendharkar, Equity Strategist, Right Horizons.
Most analysts see the index hitting the levels above 30000-35000 in the next one year, which gives an upside of 10-28 per cent from the current levels. However, it will not be easy for the Indian markets to maintain the momentum considering the fact that the US might just increase rates amid global economic slowdown.
"India would be very unlikely impacted by the Fed decision in the near term. However, I believe that the Indian economy would be inversely proportional to domestic inflation and international crude oil prices, but in both the cases the trend is under control and outlook looks positive for the economy," adds Pendharkar.
But brokers are hopeful for a smart rally on the bourses. According to a survey conducted by ET, the Sensex is on track to hit levels above 30000-35000 by next Diwali or by the end of next one year, while the 50-share Nifty index could record levels of 8500 in the next 12 months.
According to an ET Now survey of 15 brokerage firms, 80 per cent of the respondents surveyed see the Nifty index trading above 8500 levels by next Diwali, while 13 per cent see the index hovering in the range of 8000-8500. Only 7 per cent of the respondents see the index moving in the range of 7500-8000.
According to the survey, 33 per cent of respondents are of the view that the Sensex could see the levels above 35000 by next Diwali, while 50 per cent see the index trading in the range of 30000-35000. Only 17 per cent of the respondents see the index hovering in the range of 26000-30000.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Modi s leadership has made people confident:...Amit Shah
("After the victory in Maharashtra…)
BHOPAL: BJP President Amit Shah today said Prime Minister Narendra Modi's leadership has reinstilled confidence in the people of this country and across the globe about India's abilities.
"People in the country were very disappointed during the last 10 years. But after Modi became Prime Minister, within four months, people not just in the country but in the entire world have regained confidence in India's ability to lead the world," Shah said addressing the 'Karyakarta Sankalp Adhiveshan' programme ahead of the local bodies polls in Madhya Pradesh.
The programmes launched by Modi Government in the sphere of security, 'Make in India', 'Jan Dhan Yojna', 'Shramev Jayate' and 'Swachh Bharat Abhiyan' among others are examples of his leadership, he said.
"Though after BJP's historic victory in the Lok Sabha polls, people have accepted Modi as their leader, some of them raised doubts after a few by-poll results. But they were also silenced by BJP's spectacular performance in Maharashtra and Haryana, where the party came to power for the first time in history," he said.
"After the victory in Maharashtra and Haryana, where the BJP had decided to contest alone, Modi has made a place for himself in the people's hearts," he said.
Shah praised BJP's Madhya Pradesh unit which was nurtured by stalwarts like Kushabhau Thakre and late Rajmata Vijayaraje Scindia.
"Since the days of Jansangh, BJP's Madhya Pradesh unit has excelled and is one of the strongest party units in the country," he said.
Wherever BJP came to power in the country, it worked for the poor and backward classes and ensured benefits reached even the last man in the society. This resulted in its repeated victory in states like Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh and Goa among others, he said.
Praising Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan, Shah said his government has transformed the state by working in the areas of road, power and water.
He also lauded the state government for achieving 24.99 per cent agricultural growth and over 10 per cent GDP.
Chouhan has not only ensured that Madhya Pradesh came out of the BIMARU category, but now it is fast becoming a welfare state by implementing a large number of developmental schemes, the BJP president said.
He also lauded the state for having perfect coordination between the government and the party organisation.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Hindi Belt: Leaders in more ways than onepolitics
When one looks at today’s political leaders and compares them with those of the past, one realises how far the standards in our country’s political life have declined.
Leaders who cut their teeth during the freedom struggle seem to have belonged to a different species. Most of them were thinkers, writers and propagandists besides being political leaders in the true sense of the term.
They really led from the front, formed public opinion and swayed the people by their political agendas unlike the leaders of today who mostly follow the mob. Despite devoting all their lives to the struggle against the British colonial rule, they wrote erudite books.
Who can forget Lokmanya Tilak’s “Gita Rahasya” and “The Arctic Home in the Vedas”, Gandhi’s autobiography “My Experiments with Truth”, Jawaharlal Nehru’s “Discovery of India” and “An Autobiography”, Ram Manohar Lohia’s “Wheel of History” and “Marx, Gandhi and Socialism” and EMS Namboodiripad’s “The Mahatma and his Ism”?
I was reminded of all this when I chanced upon Acharya Narendra Dev’s “Bauddh Dharm-Darshan”among my books the other day. Most people know him as a great Socialist leader who was, unlike Ram Manohar Lohia, not intractably opposed to Marxism. Chandra Shekhar, who later became Prime Minister for a brief while, had come under the spell of the Acharya in his student days and later emerged as a promising young leader of his Praja Socialist Party. During the early 1970s he was instrumental in getting a collection of Narendra Dev’s writings “Towards Socialist Society”, published. It wasedited by Brahmanand.
When Acharya Narendra Dev died in 1956, an emotional Jawaharlal Nehru recalled his 40-year-long association with him and described his political opponent as a man of “rare distinction – distinction in many fields – rare in spirit, rare in mind and intellect, rare in integrity of mind and otherwise.”
Those were the days when original books were written in Hindi on various subjects although their writers had enviable command over English too.
Most of the leaders were at least bilingual if not multilingual. A look at the 700-page tome “Bauddh Dharma-Darshan” (Buddhism and Its Philosophy) reveals the expanse as well as depth of Acharya Narendra Dev’s scholarship.
It was published in 1956 posthumously and when it went into second edition in 1994, the Dalai Lama wrote its foreword. Perhaps, it’s the only book of its kind in Hindi that offers a majestic survey of the Buddhist philosophy and its various schools along with an in-depth exposition of the intricacies of their differing philosophical viewpoints. However, it’s not an easy book to read and understand.
Another scholar, who is not often remembered, was Bharat Singh Upadhyaya. A Brahmin by birth, he had become a devotee of the Buddha and wrote many books about his life and philosophy.
He spent most of his working life teaching in a college at Baraut, a small town in the Baghpat district of Uttar Pradesh.
Once in the course of a free-flowing conversation, renowned Hindi critic Namwar Singh told me that Bharat Upadhyaya could speak and write Pali like his mother tongue. Although he was a teacher of Hindi, his understanding of the Buddhist as well as other schools of Indian philosophy was really impressive.
Among his many books is a two-volume book that makes a comparative study of the Buddhist and other schools of Indian philosophy. “Bauddh Darshan aur Anya Bharateeya Darshan” (“Buddhist Philosophy and other Indian Philosophical Schools”) – a 1200-page tome that offers a glimpse into his scholarship. Among many original observations is his assertion that Buddhism cannot be dubbed as a ‘nastik’ philosophy because the word has many shades of meaning and there is no unanimity as to what it really means.
It is generally taken to be a synonym of ‘atheist’ but it is not just that.
Those who did not believe in the authenticity of the Vedas and their divine origin were also called ‘nastik’ as were those, as Panini states in his “Ashtadhyayi”, who did not believe in an afterlife and heaven and hell.
One wishes that we had many more Bharat Singh Upadhyayas among us.

Live: Sena calls off its boycott  Uddhav to attend Fadnavis  swearing-in event at WankhedeDevendra Fadnavis sworn in as Maharashtra chief minister, Shiv Sena joins bash
HT Correspondents , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, October 31, 2014
First Published: 15:06 IST(31/10/2014) | Last Updated: 08:16 IST(1/11/2014)
Comments
Devendra Fadnavis was sworn in as the BJP’s first chief minister in Maharashtra on Friday but had to share some of the limelight with another man — Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray, who attended the ceremony after a last-minute phone call from BJP chief Amit Shah.
 
Fadnavis — the state’s 27th CM and its youngest at 44 — took the oath of office with a team of nine ministers at Wankhede stadium in Mumbai. In attendance were Prime Minister Narendra Modi, LK Advani, Shah, the CMs of BJP-ruled and friendly states and a crowd of 40,000-50,000, according to BJP estimates.
 
A significant development on the sidelines was the apparent thaw between squabbling ex-allies BJP and Shiv Sena. Thackeray — firm till Thursday night on boycotting the swearing-in over the BJP’s “constant humiliation” of his party — met Shah immediately after the ceremony, setting off talk of a patch-up and post-poll alliance.
BJP National President Amit Shah with Maharashtra CM-designate Devendra Fadnavis during their meeting at his residence in New Delhi. ( Sonu Mehta/HT Photo)
Union minister Arun Jaitley and Fadnavis too had called up Thackeray earlier in the day to make him change his mind. The Sena chief came with wife Rashmi and party MP Vinayak Raut.
 
The Sena has 63 MLAs who can help the BJP — with 121 MLAs in the 288-strong assembly — prove majority without taking the support offered by other parties such as the Nationalist Congress Party.
 
The NCP showed Friday it was more than willing to help the BJP, with most of its senior leaders, barring boss Sharad Pawar, sharing the dais with their BJP counterparts.
 
The new chief minister swung into action almost immediately after assuming charge, saying his government would ensure transparency and bring in a law to ensure an effective service mechanism for the people. “People want their work done without any delay. We will bring in a law under which the government (officers and other staffers) would deliver service as quickly as possible,” Fadnavis said during his first media interaction after being sworn in as chief minister.  
The CM said he would also review decisions taken by the former government, as it involved expenditure of more than Rs. 52,000 crore. “If we were to execute these schemes, we will need to raise loans to finance them. We will examine how feasible these decisions are,” he said.
Fadnavis — a four-time MLA from Nagpur and a lawyer and business management expert by training — said portfolio allocations would be made on Saturday. The CM wants to keep home and finance with himself.  The assembly session is expected to be held between November 10 and 12 during which time the government will table the trust vote.
Council of ministers

Get Out of Town! Gas Prices Drop to a Four-Year Lowget out of town! gas prices drop to a four-year low
How some Gamergate supporters say the controversy could stop in one weekBy Hayley Tsukayama October 24 Follow @htsuka
Gamergate supporters said they want to talk about ethics. (AP Photo/M. Spencer Green)
Last week, I wrote about the Entertainment Software Association's reaction to "Gamergate"   -- the months-long culture war over gender and ethics in the gaming industry. My Twitter feed was flooded with messages from those who said we'd been unfair in our coverage of the harassment of female game developers and media critic Anita Sarkeesian.
So we  reached out via Twitter to Gamergate supporters , who are defending gaming culture against accusations of misogyny, for their opinions and suggestions of who they felt could tell their side of the story. That led to four conversations with self-proclaimed supporters, suggested by their peers, who denounced the harassment done in the movement's name. But, they said, for them Gamergate is not about harassing women; it's a debate about journalism ethics.
Gamergate critics, meanwhile, say that defense is simply nothing more than a coordinated attempt to harass women out of the game industry. In other words, the massive fight around Gamergate is complicated by the fact that two sides don't even agree on what they're fighting about.
That may surprise those who've seen coverage of the controversy only in relation to violent threats sent to Sarkeesian and to game developers Zoe Quinn and Brianna Wu after they weighed in on the issue. But if there's one thing I've learned about Gamergate in the past week, it's this: It's complicated. Gamergate, in some ways, brings to mind two other recent mass movements -- the tea party and Occupy Wall Street. Supporters see it as a consumer movement that's also, essentially, leaderless.That means, they said, that more rational voices who want to talk about ethics in journalism have been drowned out by people sending loud,  undeniably hateful speech  in an Internet echo chamber that rewards sensationalism.
"I don't think this is indicative of either side," said "Lizzyf620," a female Gamergate supporter who asked to be identified only by her Twitter handle because of threats she's received online -- including one from a person who made threatening comments about the security of the windows at her home. "I think these are sick people doing sick things."
No one denies there has been harassment leveled against supporters on both sides of the issue. There's even speculation that the worst comes from Internet trolls who don't feel strongly about either side of the subject but just want to cause trouble.  And that doesn't keep the threats from being scary.
Threats of a shooting sent to Sarkeesian ahead of a talk she was scheduled to give at a Utah university prompted her to cancel the event. And several less prominent participants in the debate have reported threats, on both sides. Erik Foreman, a 28-year-old Gamergate supporter, said he received an e-mail that included his current home address, a threat to mutilate his body and an implicit threat against his family. That prompted him to call local police, he said, who advised him to leave home for a while. Foreman said he did so immediately -- though he was amazed that he had to leave his home over a debate about games.
"It's stupid that people are sending death threats over something so trivial," he said.
One problem Gamergate supporters face in defending against accusations of intolerance is that the blog post that sparked the controversy set a misogynistic tone. That post was written by Elon Gjoni, the ex-boyfriend of game developer Quinn, and seemed to insinuate that she'd slept with journalists in exchange for positive coverage. A later update from Gjoni clarified that was not the case. And while supporters may not agree with Gjoni's behavior, the ones I spoke to said it prompted other disclosures about personal relationships between game developers and the gaming media. And that struck a chord.
"I would have liked to start the conversation on ethics in games journalism in another way, for sure," said "FinnyLawliet" when asked directly about whether he agreed with Gjoni's tactics. A movement supporter and 20-year-old college student, FinnyLawliet also asked to be identified only by his Twitter handle.
Suspicions over ethical problems in gaming journalism grew even after the accusations against Quinn were proven untrue, because of disclosures that some game journalists had supported crowd-funding campaigns for games -- or had personal relationships with developers they covered. An article at Breitbart purporting to show a "Journolist"-like mailing list of game journalists talking about coverage didn't help matters.
Failing to disclose those conflicts, many supporters said, is "disrespectful" to those who read game sites, and that's the core of what makes them so mad.  Oliver Campbell, a former game journalist who's become a prominent voice on the supporters' side, said he doesn't think the majority of Gamergate supporters actually care about discussing the place of women in the gaming industry. And, he said, he strongly believes that the fuel behind the fire would go out if gaming sites adopted and publicized some ethics policies requiring the disclosure of relationships -- similar to actions that some gaming sites, notably   the Escapist , have already taken. Fix that, they said, and the whole conversation could stop.
"Gamergate could be over in a week," Campbell said.
Others agreed. "That would probably end it immediately," FinnyLawliet said. "Or, if it didn't, Gamergate would have no defense. It would have no reason to exist, and could be universally derided and loathed as just another Twitter harassment campaign."
As Gamergate drags on, supporters such as Campbell have tried to steer the tone of the conversation to be more respectful.  "I told them: If you’re serious about fixing ethics, there’s a way to go about doing this. Don’t engage in that behavior because it helps nothing," he said.
Other supporters have also taken up this mantle. Lizzyrf620 said she and other supporters are now quick to report hateful or threatening speech as soon as they see it.
Campbell also pointed to other efforts to recast the mainstream image of Gamergate, including a crowd-funding campaign  to donate money to the PACER Center for National Bullying Prevention. Some have also launched coordinated campaigns against media sites --  notably Gawker Media and Gamasutra --  to persuade companies including Adobe and Intel to stop advertising on those sites.
As to the question of why Gamergate supporters couldn't just rally under a different banner that's not tainted by the association with misogyny, FinnyLawliet said  the answer is simple: Change the name, and the conversation dies.
"Gamergate actually owes a lot of its success to the controversy.  It's less that it has to be a conversation about misogyny specifically, and more that it's a fairly basic Streisand effect ," he said."The more the media tells people not to look, to just go away, the more people get curious." Plus, he added, it's not easy to get another hashtag started, and there are no guarantees that it could produce a conversation any more coherent than the current one.
Hayley Tsukayama covers consumer technology for The Washington Post.

GST Most Crucial Reform for India: World BankYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
GST Most Crucial Reform for India: World Bank
Published On:                  October 28, 2014                 | Duration: 6 min, 29 sec
Tweet
The World Bank has pegged India's growth rate this fiscal at 5.6 per cent in its India Development Report, lauding some of the recent initiatives taken by the Narendra Modi government. Talking to NDTV, World Bank’s senior country economist Denis Medvedev talks about reasons for their optimism and makes a case to push forward reforms like GST to further accelerate the growth momentum.

PSU Banks Need Systematic Reforms: SV PrasadYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
PSU Banks Need Systematic Reforms: SV Prasad
Published On:                  October 29, 2014                 | Duration: 19 min, 10 sec

Positive on Lupin: Nirmal BangYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Positive on Lupin: Nirmal Bang
Published On:                  October 29, 2014                 | Duration: 7 min, 50 sec

Shah Rukh Khan   Happy New Year  in Mamata Banerjee s Kolkataentertainment
Shah Rukh Khan, ‘Happy New Year’ in Mamata Banerjee’s Kolkata
Bollywood superstar Shah Rukh Khan paid a visit to Kolkata along with his ‘Happy New Year’ team and met with West Begal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee at her office. (Source: PTI)
Mamata Banerjee poses for Shah Rukh. (Source: PTI)
Shah Rukh also took to Twitter to share snippets about his trip. “In Kolkata I always get so enthused about life when I meet MamataDi. Her energy and the fish I get to eat. Now to Xaviers in a bit,” he posted. (Source: PTI)
‘Happy New Year’ director Farah Khan smiles for a picture along with Shah Rukh Khan and Mamata Banerjee. (Source: PTI)
Farah Khan also tweeted about their Kolkata trip, “In Kolkata n thank u @iamsrk for introducing us!! Such warmth n love!!” (Source: PTI)
Sonu Sood and Shah Rukh share a light moment with the West Bengal Chief Minister as SRK gets ready to click a picture. "Thank u Mamta didi for so much of love n warmth...n thank u @iamsrk for all the love. Kolkotta I wanna come again," Sonu Sood tweeted.  (Source: PTI)
Shah Rukh Khan, who shares a close relationship with Mamata Banerjee, touches her feet as a sign of respect. (Source: PTI)
Farah Khan and Mamata Banerjee strike a pose together. (Source: PTI)
Related

Saif  Kalki  Ileana  Govinda gear up for their Happy Endingentertainment
Saif, Kalki, Ileana and Govinda’s musical ‘Happy Ending’
Lead stars of forthcoming film, ‘Happy Ending’ – Saif Ali Khan, Kalki Koechlin, Ileana D’Cruz and Govinda got together to launch the music of their film at a grand event in Mumbai on Wednesday (October 30). (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Govinda, who is making a comeback on screen after a long hiatus, was handsome in a dark suit. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Saif Ali Khan was equally sizzling in a leather jacket and denims as he posed with the ‘Happy Ending’ girls. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Ladies Kalki Koechlin and Ileana D’Cruz turned up the hotness quotient, as they flanked Govinda for a picture. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Ileana picked a shimmery strapless Giorgio Armani dress, while Kalki went for a floral printed short number. This is the first time both ladies will be seen sharing screen space with Saif Ali Khan. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Govinda entertained the crowd with some of his fabulous moves on stage. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Not to be outdone, Saif joined him. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
But nobody could really steal Govinda’s thunder that night! (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Saif and Ileana burn up the dance floor with some sexy moves. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
The actress showed some skin in her dress with the thigh-high slit as she and Saif do some ballroom dancing. (Source: Varinder Chawla) (
Saif Ali Khan also enthralled the crowd with some guitar playing. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
The entire ‘Happy Ending’ team takes the stage together. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Related

How Black Money Repatriation will Impact Rupee/DollarIndia's Forex Reserves Up $1.432 Billion to $316.311 Billion
The process of unearthing crores of black money reached another milestone on Wednesday with the government submitting to the Supreme Court a list of 627 Indians who hold foreign bank accounts.
The estimates of how much black money is stashed abroad have varied widely. Some studies estimate black money at just $2 billion (nearly Rs 12,000 crore), while others peg the amount at staggering $2 trillion (Rs 120 lakh crore), which is roughly the size of our economy. ( Read )
There has been a clamour to repatriate the black money into the country. If billions of dollars are remitted back into India, the Reserve Bank will add substantial foreign reserves to its kitty. Such a scenario will give a big boost to the economy as India runs a current account deficit.
The repatriation of billions of dollars' of black money will be particularly beneficial for the rupee, which has stayed above 60 per dollar for a long time now.
However, expectations that the rupee will rally sharply and slip below 50 per dollar if black money is repatriated are exaggerated, say analysts. Bank of America Merrill Lynch analysts researched the black money issue and concluded that the rupee is unlikely to appreciate much even if half of black money stashed abroad is brought back in to the country.
Their optimistic scenario for the rupee is a rise to 58 per dollar and base case estimate is the rupee stays between 58 and 62 per dollar in the medium term.
Here's how Bank of America arrived at its conclusion,
1) The investment bank estimates black money at $200 billion (Rs 12 lakh crore) based on a recent study by Raghbendra Jha and Duc Nguyen Truong of Australian National University.
(Also read: Billions of Dollars in Black Money? Think Much Smaller, Say Sources )
2) If half of this black money is unearthed ($100 billion) and taxed at 30 to 35 per cent, the Reserve Bank's foreign reserves will swell by around $30-35 billion (around Rs 2 lakh crore).
3) The $30-$35 billion accumulated through taxation of black money could add three to four months of import cover to RBI's forex reserves, Bank of America says. Currently, India's import cover is running low at 8.3 months. The import cover needs to go up for the rupee to rise, Bank of America says.
4) In December 2007, India's import cover was at 14 months and the rupee was around 39 per dollar. So, the additional 3-4 months of import cover that the RBI will get from black money proceeds will have limited firepower to support the rupee.
5) The additional revenue raised through taxes will add to India's overall GDP, the investment bank says.
Story first published on: October 30, 2014 11:21 (IST)

Govt. seeks action report on IITs "tamsic" foodNEW DELHI, October 29, 2014
Updated: October 30, 2014 09:51 IST
Govt. seeks action report on IITs’ "tamsic" food
Pheroze L. Vincent
The Hindu Photo Library IIT Madras has 12 messes, including a vegetarian mess, that cater to more than 8000 students.
TOPICS
social issue
RSS volunteer writes a letter to HRD Minister Smriti Irani
The Union Ministry of Human Resource Development (HRD) has forwarded a letter from a Madhya Pradesh based ‘swayamsevak’ to the directors of all 16 Indian Institutes of Technology (IITs). The letter from SSK Jain, a grain trader from Katni in MP, is addressed to HRD Minister Smriti Irani, with copies marked to Prime Minister Narendra Modi and BJP president Amit Shah. He accuses IITs of giving “kusanskar” or "bad culture of the West to students through food."
He writes, “The children who have started practicing non vegetarianism have saddened their parents by their ‘tamsic’ behaviour… It is the call of the parents of India that IITs and other institutions segregate their dining halls for vegetarians.”
Tamsic refers to foods like meat, onion, garlic and alcohol which are considered dullness inducing in Hindu scriptures. Saatvic refers to others foods which are not prohibited for consumption.
The letter, in Hindi, was forwarded by Undersecretary AK Singh to the IITs with a covering letter, also in Hindi, on October 15. It asks the directors to keep the ministry informed of action taken on the above letter. Copies of both letters are with this paper.
IIT Madras Director Bhaskar Ramamurthi told this paper that the institute already has a separate vegetarian mess. “We have 12 messes that cater to more than 8000 students. There are different messes for Telugu cuisine, North Indian food and so on. A few years back there was a demand from a few students for a vegetarian mess, so one of the 12 messes was made exclusively vegetarian. More than 400 students use this mess,” he told The Hindu over phone.
Neither Ms. Irani nor Higher Education Secretary Satyanarayan Mohanty responded to queries from this paper. Mr. Jain told this paper that he has admitted his son, who is studying accountancy in Indore, in a dharamshala that serves vegetarian food.
“We see many families which are all mixed up. There are Sindhi fathers and Punjabi mothers in the same family and their children get married to Muslims. It all starts when you mix up food. Wrong food spoils one's mind. That’s why I made this request as I am a member of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh and a supporter of the BJP. I knew that this government would understand,” he said over phone.
IIT Delhi student Nikhit Agrawal said that non vegetarian food has been stopped in the messes from this semester and kiosks on campus had stopped non veg food earlier this year. “The reason given was that a suitable supplier could not be found,” said Agrawal, who is vegetarian. “In IIT we don’t really have a voice to question such decisions. If the institute tells the mess secretary that certain products are not available, we just accept it.”

Rocket Internet s SpaceWays storage service comes to ChicagoPersonal Data Collection
Why Rocket Internet chose Chicago as an expansion site for its new storage business
SpaceWays, an on-demand storage company based in Germany, launches Wednesday in Chicago and becomes the first company of German startup investor Rocket Internet to expand to the U.S. after its Oct. 2 initial public offering.
The SpaceWays service offers storage of customer belongings packed in plastic bins that the company provides, picks up and keeps in its McKinley Park warehouse.
Rocket Internet
Promotional video about Rocket Internet
Promotional video about Rocket Internet
See more videos
The service costs $5.90 a month per item or container. Unwieldy items such as skis cost $5.90 to $12 a month to store. Users can set up pickups and deliveries online. The company charges $19 for a retrieval order, but it picks up and delivers at no cost.
The Chicago service comes less than a month after Rocket Internet launched an IPO on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange that valued it at about $8.4 billion.
Rocket Internet, a Berlin-based company launched in 2007, is an incubator and accelerator that specializes in ecommerce, marketplace and financial technology companies. It says it aims to become “the world’s largest Internet platform outside the United States and China.” It boasts more than 20,000 employees across a network of companies that operate in more than 100 countries.
“The decision to take SpaceWays into the U.S. is based on a particular demand for the services offered by this company in this market,” said Rocket Internet spokesman Andreas Winiarski. “Our primary focus continues to be on the developing world and satisfying basic needs of consumers in fast-growing markets around the world.”
SpaceWays launched operations in London four months ago and expanded to Paris two months later.
Rocket Internet hired SpaceWays’ three founders seven months ago and tasked them with starting a business.
The team landed on storage because they could relate to the space constraints that hamper city dwellers, said co-founder and managing director Rob Rebholz. Plus, they noticed self-storage companies’ huge margins and saw an opportunity to change the model using technology — scheduling the process online rather than driving to and from a storage center.

Platinum age of cinemaUpdated: October 30, 2014 19:16 IST
Platinum age of cinema
Special Arrangement A scene from "Highway"
Special Arrangement Hritik Roshan in "Bang Bang"
The Hindu Veteran filmmaker Mahesh Bhatt. Photo: Mohammed Yousuf
TOPICS
Indian cinema
Be it global tie-ups, path-breaking talent or moving away from traditional revenue streams, we are heading for glorious times
Every other day I run into one of my fellow filmmakers from yesterday, who inevitably grumbles about the same thing. ‘Those were the good old days of filmmaking. Where have they gone? They were such wonderful times and filmmaking was such fun wasn’t it?’ they say. And inevitably they get somewhat disappointed when they see that I don’t join in their chorus of crippling nostalgia, choosing instead to maintain a studied silence.
Why does a politically incorrect ‘me’ indulge in this rather uncharacteristic behaviour. The reason is that I’m not pining nor lamenting for the way the business of movies used to be. To be honest, I feel that ever since man stepped into the digital age and the world wide web hit human kind like a meteor, I find that the cinematic space in India has been more energized and every day you see new content, new markets and new media unveiling like the proverbial magic mushroom!
Just take a look around. I don’t think that young people yearn for the old days. They are dead and gone. Yes, there is no denying that the wells from which the present generation of filmmakers and actors drink from today were dug by us and in turn our predecessors before us. But yesterday is not today and tomorrow looks glorious from where I’m sitting!
As elders and thought leaders of the fraternity, we have to not only adapt, but also inculcate in those who are averse to change, to embrace the present, because I think that the times that we live in are far greater than the world that we existed in before.
Look what’s happening to our television… a film idea which I had launched in the nineties, which dealt with the reality of bonded labour died stillborn, because the market place was averse to dealing with such a serious subject. Isn’t it glorious that my concept of the girl child mortgaged in her mother’s womb, which was resurrected by my protégé Guru Dev Bhalla for Colors, has today taken wings and found acceptance by the people of India, as “Udaan”. Aren’t these interesting times? The nation has embraced the grim truth about child labour and at the same time, the Nobel Prize has been won by Kailash Satyarthi for crusading for the children who are forced into slavery.
Look at the amazing things happening in the arena of mainstream cinema! If I look at the present through the eyes of my young 21-year-old daughter Alia, I find that this is the platinum age for movies. In one year she does a path-breaking film with Imtiaz Ali which deals with incest, taking the breath of the nation away, because these issues are not handled by mainstream cinema ever; and then follows it up with a rooted romance “ 2 States” that does 100 crore business. This in turn is followed by a quirky mofussil romance, “Humpty Sharma Ki Dulhaniya”. Alia has done for herself in the time-span of two years what took me two decades to achieve! Surely these are glorious times.
We live in an age where virtually every kind of content, as long as it is good, will find takers. This is because so many different ways to monetise content are available today. Ultimately, it all comes down to how you manage to grab eyeballs to watch content and the technology is creating a lot of diverse groups of platforms through which our content can pour into the human heart. Experts the world over are asking the question, can pay per view, streaming, and new platforms be an alternate revenue source to the DVD boom that the world experienced. Can these replace the traditional revenue streams?
For film directors, these are the most glorious times. Today, filmmakers can shoot content in so many different ways because there are so many different cameras and different editing tools available. In our own company we had a Hansal Mehta, who shot some stunning footage for our emotional sledgehammer of a film “Citylights”, using the Canon 1DC. The reason he could do this is because Hansal was not cynical and he trusted the new technology along with his DOP.
At the same time within my fold there was Vikram Bhatt shooting “Mr. X”, our tent pole thriller with cutting edge 3D technology, and with technicians who were flown in from Canada. All this happened because we were not averse to thinking outside the box and were open to embrace change. Anybody who is open to change will flourish in this environment. And I implore those who hide behind the high sounding phrase called tradition, to realise that they throw this word around only to mask their unwillingness to change.
The major menace of our times that we film folks need to deal with is of course that of internet theft. The Motion Pictures Producers Association of America needs all support from the Indian Film Industry to deal with this world wide problem, since they have done considerable research and have deeper insight into the problem than we have. Don’t forget we are living in a global world today. The movement of talent and capital from one part of the world to the other is going to be an everyday affair. Why shy away from partnering with the developed markets. We should have the humility of learning from them what we desperately need to know. This can produce outstanding results.
Recently Fox Star hired Andy Armstrong, who did the action of the last “Spiderman” to work on the action of “Bang Bang”, with spectacular results. It is because of Bollywood’s partnership with Fox in India that Bollywood with “Bang Bang” has penetrated into newer markets like Iraq, Lebanon and Burma. Not many know that in the Middle East, UK and the US, “Bang Bang” opened in theatres visited by local audiences, and this has enabled it to become bigger than “My Name Is Khan” in the Middle East.
More partnerships like this are going to be the rule of the day in times to come. So where is this industry heading? All I can say is that were heading for exciting times. All kinds of people will make all kinds of movies and hits will come from all over the place. But the future belongs to those who aren’t afraid of change. Very soon you will be making content which is not just catering to the palate of the consumer in Benares but also to the consumer in Iraq, Burma and South Korea. Is this not then, the Platinum Age of Indian Cinema?
(The writer is an eminent writer-director and activist.)

Ajanta Pharma Q2 Net Up 41% at Rs. 79 CroreYou are here: Home Corporates
Ajanta Pharma Q2 Net Up 41% at Rs 79 Crore
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 30, 2014 19:38 (IST)
Aviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
New Delhi: Drug firm Ajanta Pharma today reported a 40.88 per cent increase in its standalone net profit to Rs 78.63 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2014, mainly on account of robust exports.
The company had posted a net profit of Rs 55.81 crore for the corresponding period of the previous fiscal, Ajanta Pharma said in a filing to BSE.
Standalone total income of the company also rose to Rs 337.30 crore for the quarter under consideration from Rs 279.83 crore for the same period year ago.
"Our business performance remained aligned to all our plans in all the markets we operate in...," Ajanta Pharma Managing Director Yogesh M Agrawal said.
Exports contributed 64 per cent of the revenue for the quarter, the company said.
Shares of Ajanta Pharma were today trading at Rs 1,888.80 per scrip in the afternoon trade on BSE, up 4.16 per cent from its previous close
Story first published on: October 30, 2014 19:35 (IST)

Coal Reform Push Positive for Markets: Prabhudas LilladherYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Coal Reform Push Positive for Markets: Prabhudas Lilladher
Published On:                  October 29, 2014                 | Duration: 7 min, 16 sec

Patrick Semansky / APpatrick semansky / ap
Washington Post will soon have an all-male mastheadBy Erik Wemple October 30 Follow @ErikWemple
Guys!
The Washington Post announced today that Usha Chaudhary, its chief financial officer and vice president for finance and administration, would depart Nov. 21 to take a leadership post at the Pew Charitable Trusts. The news follows the Oct. 1 departure of Publisher Katharine Weymouth , who was replaced by former Allbritton Communications Co. executive Fred Ryan. Together, these developments will leave The Post’s masthead with absolute gender uniformity.
Erik Wemple writes the Erik Wemple blog, where he reports and opines on media organizations of all sorts.

Rand Paul vs. reality on GOPs minority outreachBy Jennifer Rubin October 30 Follow @JRubinBlogger
Aside from the unnecessary coarseness of his language, is Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) right that the “Republican Party brand sucks, and so people don’t want to be a Republican and for 80 years, African Americans have had nothing to do with Republicans”?
Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.). (Chris Carlson/Associated Press)
First, nothing to do with Republicans for 80 years is not quite right. A few years back  Brooks Jackson explained :
The election of Roosevelt in 1932 marked the beginning of a change. He got 71 percent of the black vote for president in 1936 and did nearly that well in the next two elections, according to historical figures kept by the Joint Center for Political and Economic Studies. But even then, the number of blacks identifying themselves as Republicans was about the same as the number who thought of themselves as Democrats.
It wasn’t until Harry Truman garnered 77 percent of the black vote in 1948 that a majority of blacks reported that they thought of themselves as Democrats. . . .Even after that, Republican nominees continued to get a large slice of the black vote for several elections. Dwight D. Eisenhower got 39 percent in 1956, and Richard Nixon got 32 percent in his narrow loss to John F. Kennedy in 1960.
Moreover, at the state level many Republicans have garnered a respectable share of the African American vote. Some do better than others. New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie (R), regularly attacked by Paul as insufficiently conservative, got 20 percent of the African American vote in 2009. In 1998,  Jeb Bush  doubled his share of the African American vote in his reelection race, although the percentage was modest (14 percent). In his reelection in 1998,   Gov. Mike Huckabee got 49 percent  of the African American vote.
Paul has said in the past he wants to do better with Hispanic voters and a number of GOP candidates have excelled in attracting these voters (including Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) who won 55 percent in 2010). Christie got about  1/2 the Hispanic  vote in his reelection. Earlier this year George Will wrote , “Bush is fluent in Spanish and accomplished at courting the approximately  17 percent of the Florida electorate that is Hispanic : He received  61 percent of their votes in 1998  and  almost that much in 2002 . The time is ripe for Republicans to do as well with Hispanics as Jeb Bush’s brother did in 2000.” ( George W. Bush  in 2000 got 35 percent of the Hispanic vote and 44 percent in 2004.)
So a more correct statement would be that many of the Republicans Paul criticizes, and some of those he will face in 2016 if he runs for president, have been doing well with minority voters, although they certainly would have liked to do better. (Paul got 13 percent of the African American vote in 2010 in Kentucky; there were not enough Hispanic voters in Kentucky to tabulate.) Many Republicans do very poorly. For example Ken Cuccinelli got less than 10 percent of African Americans in his 2013 gubernatorial race in Virginia.
Now how about the GOP brand and for GOP affiliation? Actually, Republicans bottomed out in the aftermath of the government shutdown (which Paul supported) but now they lead in polls on their ability to handle most major issues including the economy and foreign policy. Moreover,  Gallup reports today , “Americans’ party preferences during the third quarter of a midterm election year give a good indication of which party will perform better in that year’s election. Democrats’ narrow two-percentage-point advantage in party affiliation this year — 45% to 43% — shares a greater similarity with strong Republican midterm years, such as 1994, 2002 and 2010, than with the advantage held in better Democratic years like 1998 and 2006.”
It is fashionable and gets applause from the MSM to say the GOP brand is rotten, but that assessment is somewhat out of date.
The issue then becomes how to improve the GOP share of nonwhite voters. Paul’s idea is to sell libertarian views (especially on drug reform and school choice) to African American and Hispanic voters. Others have a very different idea. Candidates who have actually had success with minority voters have eschewed libertarian dogma in favor of limited, active government and focus on bread-and-butter issues for the middle and working class. (For example,  Common Core , which the right-wing despises, gets huge support among African American and Hispanic voters.)
Paul is right that the GOP must do better with non-white voters, and he is right that one has to “show up” to ask for votes.  But showing up with the same old stuff is unlikely to impress skeptical voters. Rather than opposing common sense immigration reform, he and the GOP House could, for example, have supported it and thereby gotten some credit with these voters. Likewise, an agenda that stresses upward mobility and does not vilify government might find some resonance. But the proof is in the pudding. How many new Republicans can Paul’s message bring in and how many can others recruit? It will be interesting to see how real voters react to actual candidates and their specific messages.
Jennifer Rubin writes the Right Turn blog for The Post, offering reported opinion from a conservative perspective.

Tim Cook consulted with Apples board before announcing hes gayBy Andrea Peterson October 30 Follow @kansasalps
Apple CEO Tim Cook (AP Photo/Eric Risberg)
Apple chief executive Tim Cook publicly stated he is gay  in an editorial published by Bloomberg Businessweek Thursday.
While Cook has been open about his sexuality in his private life, and numerous outlets have alluded to or outright commented on his orientation, this is the first time he has addressed it directly in public. And according to Businessweek editor Josh Tyrangiel, he consulted with his board before approaching the publication with his statement.
"He told me he spoke to the board and the board gave him utter and complete support," Tyrangiel said in a video accompanying the editorial. Tyrangiel also said that not publicly acknowledging his sexuality had "gnawed" on the chief executive, who succeeded Apple co-founder Steve Jobs in 2011.
"I don’t consider myself an activist, but I realize how much I’ve benefited from the sacrifice of others," Cook wrote. "So if hearing that the CEO of Apple is gay can help someone struggling to come to terms with who he or she is, or bring comfort to anyone who feels alone, or inspire people to insist on their equality, then it’s worth the trade-off with my own privacy."
Apple CEO Tim Cook publicly came out as gay in an editorial published by Bloomberg Businessweek on Thursday. Cook said he hopes to help move civil rights forward. (Reuters)
Even while public sentiment has shifted dramatically in favor of LGBT rights in recent years, the business world continues to be an area with few openly gay leaders. "There has never been in my searching a CEO who has voluntary stepped out as a fortune 500 CEO and said 'I'm gay,'" Tyrangiel noted in the video.
A New York Times story in May addressed the lack of openly gay executives among the world's top companies, noting that the business community often trailed the rest of society when it comes to accepting new norms. "Even today, only 48 of the 1,000 largest companies — or 5 percent — have a woman in charge," Claire Cain Miller wrote. "The first African-American Fortune 500 chief executive ascended to his job a mere 15 years ago."
Cook noted in his editorial that while the world has changed since he was a boy growing up in Alabama, there remain many barriers to equality for LGBT individuals -- including legal ones.
Apple CEO Tim Cook challenged his home state of Alabama at an award ceremony to ensure the rights of people based on sexual orientation and gender identity. (AP)
"Still, there are laws on the books in a majority of states that allow employers to fire people based solely on their sexual orientation," he wrote. "There are many places where landlords can evict tenants for being gay, or where we can be barred from visiting sick partners and sharing in their legacies."
Andrea Peterson covers technology policy for The Washington Post, with an emphasis on cybersecurity, consumer privacy, transparency, surveillance and open government.

Study: Women with more children are more productive at work 
Baby Twins Sitting Up and Smiling (The Image Bank/Getty Images)
A word of encouragement for my working moms: You are actually more productive than your childless peers.
That’s the conclusion of a recent study from the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis, which found that over the course of a 30-year career, mothers outperformed women without children at almost every stage of the game. In fact, mothers with at least two kids were the most productive of all.
Here’s how the researchers (all men, by the way) came up with those results: They wanted to  understand the impact of having children on highly skilled women, but their work is often difficult to quantify. How do you determine the productivity of a surgeon, a consultant or a project manager?
They decided to analyze the amount of research published by more than 10,000 academic economists as a proxy for performance. A job in the ivory tower of academia requires higher education by definition, and their work is easily searched, recorded and ranked.
The results were surprising. For men, fathers of one child and those without children performed similarly throughout much of their careers. But men with two or more kids were more productive than both groups.
Source: Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis
The effect for women was even more dramatic. Using their own method for analyzing research publications, the authors found that within the first five or so years of their career, women who never have children substantially underperform those who do. (The difference in productivity between women with one child and those with no children is more muted using a different ranking for research. But in both cases, mothers with at least two children perform the best.)
Source: Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis
 
It's important to point out that the authors are examining a very narrow group of women with privileged circumstances. Parenthood was likely planned for many them, with benefits such as maternity leave and paid sick time. They can also better afford to pay for resources like reliable childcare that allow them to work longer. Low-income or low-skilled mothers often face a very different working environment.
Even so, the results feel counterintuitive for any working mom (re: all of them) who has drowned herself with guilt over missing a deadline because a sick child had to go to the doctor. Or struggled to pay attention during a conference call after a long night of toddler sleep regression. Or snuck out of the office early to make the neighborhood Halloween party.
Young children do take a toll on work. The paper found that there is a 15 to 17 percent drop in productivity among women with little kids. For those with multiple children, the first child results in a 9.5 percent drop in performance, the second child cuts out another 12.5 percent and the third child caps it off with an 11 percent decrease in productivity.
In other words, three preteens will result in a 33 percent loss in productivity on average, the equivalent of four years of research.
But as any parent knows, the days are long and the years are short. That’s the case here, too. Mothers tend to be more productive both before and long after the birth of their children. When that work is smoothed out over the course of a career, the paper found, they are more productive on average than their peers.
“While you have small children, it has an impact on you,” said Christian Zimmerman, one of the paper’s authors. “But after that, it seems that the impact is the other way.”
Indeed, Zimmerman said it’s possible that the type of women most likely to have children, especially multiple kids, could also be the type of women most likely to succeed as academic economists. This is known as the “survivor bias.” Maybe their tenure and reputation are secure, making them feel more comfortable taking time out for family for a while. Or maybe they’re just hyperorganized.
“If you want to do research and be successful at it, being well organized is a significant component of that,” he said. “That may be all that is driving the results.”
But does the reason really matter? The takeaway here is that working moms more than earn that title. You should wear it with pride.
Ylan Q. Mui is a financial reporter at The Washington Post covering the Federal Reserve and the economy.

Groupon s loss swells  but beats viewsGroupon's loss swells, but beats views
Groupon
Groupon headquarters in Chicago. (Brian Cassella / Chicago Tribune)
Tribune report
Groupon said Thursday its loss swelled tenfold as higher expenses once again offset growing sales.
But the results still topped Wall Street's expectations.
The Chicago company posted a loss of $21.2 million, or 3 cents per share, compared with a year-ago loss of $2.6 million, and breakeven per share.
Revenue jumped to 27 percent to $757.1 million.
Groupon said that despite its growing loss, other metrics of its business were strong and growing. The total dollar value of customer purchases, called gross billings, grew 39 percent before taxes.

Wall St. up on GDP  earnings; fund year-end lifts winnersWall Street rises for 7th week, but ends off its highs
Reasons to be thankful
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
8
Bank stocks and other sectors tied to the pace of growth led on the day, though continued weakness in crude oil weighed on energy shares. While major indexes ended off their highs of the session, both the Dow and S&P closed at records.
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
125
Payrolls rose by 321,000 in November, way above the 230,000 estimated, while the unemployment rate held steady at 5.8 percent, a six-year low.
The report blew past forecasts, but also raised expectations that a rate hike from the Federal Reserve may materialize sooner than previously thought.
Ronald Sanchez, chief investment officer of Fiduciary Trust Company International in New York, said the number was "unambiguously strong," though it "could mean some changes to policy recommendations with the Fed. June 2015 is back on the table for when rates could rise."
Financials <.SPSY> rose 1 percent as higher interest rates would prop up earnings in the sector. Bank of America  rose 2.7 percent to $17.68 while Goldman Sachs  was up 1.8 percent to $195.45, boosting the Dow.
Utilities <.SPLRCU>, a dividend play, fell 0.8 percent as Treasuries yields rose. Energy <.SPNY> fell 1.2 percent alongside a 1.7 percent drop in crude  prices. Most sectors ended well off their highs of the session.
"The day's market action has to be seen in the context of the recovery we've had year-to-date. Payrolls confirm the strength of the economy, but that strength is reflected in stock prices," said Sanchez, who helps oversee $16 billion in assets.
Separate data showed new orders for U.S. factory goods fell for a third straight month in October, pointing to a slowdown in manufacturing activity.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 58.69 points, or 0.33 percent, to 17,958.79, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 3.45 points, or 0.17 percent, to 2,075.37 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.32 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,780.76.
For the week, the Dow rose 0.7 percent and the S&P rose 0.4 percent. It was the seventh straight weekly gain, a streak not seen in a year for both. The Nasdaq fell 0.2 percent on the week.
American Eagle Outfitters  fell 13.8 percent to $11.91 after the teen apparel retailer forecast a current-quarter profit below analysts' estimates and reported its fifth straight drop in quarterly income.
About 5.81 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 1,614 to 1,480, for a 1.09-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,809 issues rose and 927 fell, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio favoring advancers.
The S&P 500 posted 98 new 52-week highs and 10 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 168 new highs and 93 new lows.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Since when was health care reform authored in the HouseBy Jonathan H. Adler October 31
If you’re trying to convince the Supreme Court not to grant certiorari in a high-profile case, I suspect that publishing an op-ed in the Washington Post on the day the Court is scheduled to consider the petition is not the best strategy.  I also suspect that it would be a good idea to ensure than such op-ed not include blatant falsehoods. It would be one thing for such an op-ed for forcefully advocate a given perspective on a contested issue. Quite another for it to simply make stuff up.  In this case, however, we see the latter.
Friday the Supreme Court is scheduled to consider the petition for certiorari in King v. Burwell .  Friday’s Post also features an op-ed defending the IRS rule authorizing tax credits for the purchase of health insurance in exchanges established by the federal government at issue in King and several other pending cases .  The op-ed is authored by Senators Tom Harkin (D-IA) and Ron Wyden, and Representatives Sander M. Levin (D-Mich.), George Miller (D-Calif.) and Henry A. Waxman (D-Calif.). As the accompanying byline notes, all five were heavily involved in the efforts to enacted health care reform and the eventual passage of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act.  So if anyone knows how the law was passed, it should be these gentlemen.  That makes the substance of their essay all the more odd.
The point of their op-ed is to suggest that it is fanciful to suggest (as I and others have argued) that the PPACA only authorizes tax credits in exchanges established by the states, even though that is what the law repeatedly says.  I won’t rehearse all of the arguments here.  (If you’re interested, you can read my Health Matrix article with Michael Cannon and our most recent amicus brief , or watch this October 30 panel at Cato , or my debate with Nicholas Bagley at Michigan .)  In this post, I want to focus on this curious passage from the Harkin, et al., op-ed:
None of us contemplated that the bill as enacted could be misconstrued to limit financial help only to people in states opting to directly run health insurance marketplaces. In fact, as chairs of the three House committees that collectively authored the health-care reform legislation (Ways and Means, Energy and Commerce, and Education and the Workforce), three of us issued  a joint fact sheet  in March 2010 reflecting our intention that financial help would be available to consumers in the state marketplaces, whether the state were to run it directly or via the federal government. (Emphasis added.)
I literally had to read this paragraph three times to make sure I was reading it correctly.  “The health care reform legislation” – that is, the PPACA - was “authored” in the Senate, not the House.  There was not even a House-Senate conference to reconcile the competing bills because the election of Senator Scott Brown in Massachusetts deprived Senate Democrats of the 60th vote necessary to invoke cloture. This meant that the only health reform that could be enacted was that Senate bill.  This bill was subsequently amended through the reconciliation process, but the heart of the bill — and the provisions relevant to the whether tax credits are available in federal exchanges — are from the Senate bill.
Now it is true that there was “health-care reform legislation” passed by the House, but it was not “the health care reform legislation” at issue.  The House legislation never became law and was not, in any meaningful sense, incorporated in the PPACA.  Indeed, this is why some House members had serious reservations about the Senate bill (including its exchange provisions) and why leading health care reform advocates had to argue vociferously that the Senate bill, for all its flaws, was still better than no bill at all.  The health care reform proposals developed in the House may have been preferred by most reform advocates, but that’s not what became law. What House leaders “intended” to do with legislation that was never enacted is irrelevant to the meaning of the PPACA because they didn’t have the votes to enact their intentions into law.
The rest of the op-ed is not much better. (Whoever wrote this piece clearly failed to heed David Ziff’s advice .) Let’s start with the “fact sheet” linked in the above quote.  This fact sheet is hardly evidence of anything. Yes it notes that there would be federal exchanges, and it notes that there would be tax credits. But it also omits relevant eligibility criteria, such as the income floor for tax credit eligibility, so it is anything but an authoritative account of all the bill’s relevant provisions, and it doesn’t contradict the PPACA’s plain text.
While reiterating that the authors shared a “universal understanding that financial assistance would be available in every state,” the op-ed fails to acknowledge that one of the authors — Senator Harkin – sponsored a health reform proposal  that conditioned tax credits on state cooperation and that the CBO still scored this bill (like the PPACA) on the assumption that tax credits would be available in all fifty states.  In other words, the CBO (like the bill’s authors) assumed all fifty states would cooperate.
While acknowledging that “the formula used to determine how much financial help Americans are eligible to receive” only references insurance purchased in exchanges “established by the State,” it omits the fact that the Act also defines coverage months for which premium assistance is available as those for insurance purchased on exchanges “established by the State,” nor does it note that these provisions were added at separate times in the drafting process.  The op-ed goes on to argue, as the federal government has, that when HHS is required to “establish and operate” an exchange under Section 1321 of the act, this exchange established by the federal government actually constitutes an exchange “established by the State,” ignoring that “State” is defined to include on only the fifty states and D.C., as well as the meaning of “establish.”  And so on. Again, if you wish to review these arguments, see the links above.
The authors make lots of claims about what they intended in the PPACA, but they cite to no probative, contemporaneous evidence to undermine — let alone contradict — the plain statutory text.  And while they insist their account should be authoritative, at least four of the five ( Harkin , Levin , Miller , and  Waxman ) insisted that, under the PPACA, if you liked your insurance plan you would be able to keep it.  That was never true , as those who read and understood the PPACA always recognized.  With such claims, as with this op-ed, these authors have shown that they either don’t understand the bill they enacted, or are willing to misrepresent it. Take your pick, but neither choice is pretty.
UPDATE: Josh Blackman thoroughly thrashes the op-ed here . (He also notes I wrote “everything” above when I should have written “anything.” Duly noted and fixed.]
[NOTE: A few additional links and typos fixed at 7:35am EST.]
Jonathan H. Adler teaches courses in constitutional, administrative, and environmental law at the Case Western University School of Law, where he is the inaugural Johan Verheij Memorial Professor of Law and Director of the Center for Business Law and Regulation.

Deepika Padukone to romance Salman Khan in a YRF filmWill Salman be as lucky for Deepika as frenemy Shah Rukh?
By: Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: October 31, 2014 11:54 am | Updated: October 31, 2014 2:52 pm
Bollywood beauty Deepika Padukone is riding high on the success of her newly released, ‘Happy New Year’. She may have romanced superstar Shah Rukh Khan three times onscreen, and if reports are to believed, the ‘Finding Fanny’ beauty will now be seen opposite Salman Khan.
The duo will apparently share screen space in a Yash Raj film, to be directed by Ali Abbas Zafar.
Salman Khan has previously teamed up with YRF for ‘Ek Tha Tiger’ that saw him romance former flame Katrina Kaif.
Will Salman be as lucky for Deepika as frenemy Shah Rukh?

Why Japan s Economy Needs More JuiceThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Lenovo Yoga Tablet 2: Is this the best Android tablet at Rs 20 990E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Youve got questions about campaign money this year. Weve got answers.By Matea Gold October 31 Follow @mateagold
Thirty-six Senate races, $3.6 billion in total costs and one election: Here's a look at 2014 midterm spending, by the numbers. (Julie Percha/The Washington Post)
How much has this election cost? The 2014 congressional races are expected to cost at least $3.67 billion, a slight increase over the 2010 midterms, according to the latest projection by the Center for Responsive Politics. (Note: this is a downward revision of the group’s original $4 billion projection.)
 
Important caveat: this tally does not include the bulk of the money spent by tax-exempt groups like AFP and Crossroads GPS, which do not have to report “issue advocacy” expenditures to the FEC. So the true cost is likely tens of millions of dollars higher.
 
While the total cost of the midterms has not surged dramatically in the last four years, independent political groups such as super PACs are fueling a larger share of the spending, while expenditures by candidates and parties have dropped.
 
How much has been spent on television ads? As of Oct. 23, an estimated $658.5 million has gone to buy 1.35 million spots that have run in the House and Senate races, according to Kantar Media data analyzed by the Wesleyan Media Project . An estimated $530 million has been spent on gubernatorial races.
 
Taking into account additional spending on local and state races, an estimated $1.675 billion has been shelled out on political ads so far this cycle.
 
Again, an important caveat: These figures are based on ad buys, not FEC reports, so they do include spending by tax-exempt groups. But the data is based only on cost estimates of broadcast television and national cable buys, and does not include local cable ads. 
 
Where are the most expensive races? The North Carolina Senate contest tops the list, with more than $107 million spent so far by candidates and independent groups, according to a tally of FEC data by the Sunlight Foundation . (Caveat: this data does not include issue advocacy spending. So, again, true cost is much more.)
 
Rounding out the top five, according to Sunlight:
Colorado Senate: $92.4 million

Govt considers ban on e-cigs  single smokesGovt considering imposing ban on e-cigarettes, sale of single smokes
Aditya Kalra        Last Updated: October 31, 2014  | 16:51 IST
Govt considers ban on e-cigs, single smokes
The government is considering a ban on electronic cigarettes over the risks to public health that they may cause, a senior Health Ministry official told Reuters.
The World Health Organization (WHO) in August called for stiff regulation of e-cigarettes as well as bans on indoor use, in the latest bid to control the booming US $3 billion global market.
Such devices use battery-powered cartridges to produce a nicotine-laced vapour but there is a lack of long-term scientific research that confirms they are safe. Some critics fear they could lead to nicotine addiction and tobacco smoking.
"We see it as a backdoor entry, it doesn't have tobacco but it has nicotine," said the official, who declined to be named because of the sensitivity of the matter.
"Expert panels have recommended regulation or a ban. India cannot regulate easily," the official said, adding that the government would consider the ban in the next month or two.
The European Union has agreed to requirements around advertising and packaging to ensure the safety and quality of e-cigarettes . The United States Food and Drug Administration has proposed banning sales to anyone under 18.
Up to 900,000 of the country's citizens die every year of tobacco-related diseases, and that number could reach 1.5 million by 2020 if users do not kick the habit, the International Tobacco Control Project estimates.
The government led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi is taking several steps to curb the country's tobacco consumption. It has increased taxes on tobacco products and ordered companies to print more health warnings on packages.
SINGLE BAN?
While most e-cigarettes are imported and sold by small firms, the country's largest cigarette maker ITC started selling the devices in August.
The FMCG conglomerate did not comment directly on the likely ban, but said the country should not be left behind in technology development of such products.
The government has also proposed a ban on the sale of single conventional cigarettes. The official said the ministry had proposed amendments to tobacco control laws and a Cabinet note had been circulated for comments.
The country's citizens smoked more than 100 billion cigarettes in 2012, according to Euromonitor International, and it is common for vendors to sell them individually.
WHO's Framework Convention on Tobacco Control states that countries "shall endeavour" to prohibit such sales as it makes them more affordable for minors. The country is a party to the convention.
A single cigarette costs about Rs 10 (16 cents) in the national capital, compared with a pack of 20 that costs Rs 190 ($3).
ITC declined to comment on the proposed ban. However, industry body Tobacco Institute of India (TII) said, the proposed law would not be easily enforceable and would lead to retailers being harassed.

Sensex zooms over 500 points  Nifty hits 8 300Update: BSE Sensex surges over 519 points on US growth, Japan stimulus
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 31, 2014  | 17:31 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The stock markets on Friday galloped to new highs with Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) benchmark Sensex surging 519.50 points to 27,865.83 and Nifty soaring 153 points to cross the 8,300 mark tracking a strong global rally on robust US economic growth and a surprise ramping up of Japan's monetary easing programme.
Besides, continued inflows on solid corporate earnings and optimism over India's growth also helped markets boost investor wealth by nearly Rs 1.5 lakh crore in a single session. Six stocks rose for every 10 traded on BSE on Friday with capital goods, oil & gas, IT and power scrips leading rally.
The 30-share Sensex opened on a strong footing and rose to new intra-day record high of 27,894.32. It settled for the day at 27,865.83, a new record at closing, by gaining 519.50 points or 1.90 per cent. Its previous record closing high was 27,346.33 reached in yesterday's trade.
In four days, Sensex has gained over 1,100 points. For the week, it rose by over 1,000 points.
"Much-needed reforms from the new government, strong Q2 performance by India Inc, Fed's low-interest rate regime combined with Bank of Japan's sudden stimulus announcement, gave markets across a sentiment boost," said Hiren Dhakan, Associate Fund Manager, Bonanza Portfolio.
Sentiment was also boosted after the US released forecast-beating economic growth data on Thursday. The world's biggest economy grew 3.5 percent in the September quarter.
Of the 30-share Sensex, 29 scrips led by HDFC , GAIL, L&T, Tata Power, Tata Steel, Dr Reddy, Infosys, Cipla and Coal India gained. SBI, ONGC, RIL, Axis Bank and Sun Pharma also rose. However, Bharti Airtel finished lower.
The National Stock Exchange (NSE) Nifty, comprising 50 shares, breached the 8,300-mark for the first time to hit a new lifetime high of 8,330.75. It also ended at fresh all-time high of 8,322.20, surging 153 points, or 1.87 per cent. Previously, it touched an intra-day record high of 8,181.55 yesterday.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) bought shares worth a net Rs 1,257.49 crore on Thursday.
Asia was led by Japan's Nikkei that surged 4.6 per cent while indices in Singapore, Hong Kong, Korea and China rose in 1-2 percent range. European also surged in late morning trade.
Sectorwide, the BSE Capital Goods index gained the most by rising 2.66 per cent, followed by Oil & Gas index by 2.19 per cent, IT index 1.96 per cent, Power index 1.94 per cent, Metal index 1.91 and Banking index 1.76 per cent.
Indicating strong revival of retail interest, midcap index gained 1.24 per cent higher and the small-cap barometer rose by 0.96 per cent.

UCO Bank s notices to Kingfisher Airlines  a...UCO Bank sends notices to Kingfisher Airlines, another firm
Oct 31, 2014, 03.38PM IST
Tags:
Kingfisher Airlines
(While another city-based…)
KOLKATA: City-based UCO Bank has shot off notices to Vijay Mallya-owned Kingfisher Airlines and United Beverages after identifying the two firms as `wilful defaulters'.
"We have sent notices to the defunct carrier Kingfisher Airlines and United Beverages, which had given a corporate guarantee to the bank for availing of the loan", a source in UCO Bank said.
The source said the letter sought to explain the reasons behind identifying the two firms as `wilful defaulters', adding that time had been given to them for giving reply on why they should not be declared as `wilful defaulters' as per RBI guidelines.
The notices had been sent to the companies' corporate offices in Bangalore.
He said that Kingfisher Airliners had availed a loan amount of Rs 300 crore as working capital from the bank, but had defaulted in making the repayments.
The interest accrued on the loan would be to the tune of Rs 100 crore, the source said.
While another city-based United Bank of India had declared Kingfisher Airlines as `wilful defaulter', two other banks, State Bank of India and Punjab National Bank , were also pursuing on those lines.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Monitor 5L taxpayers who didn t file returns...CBDT
(The electronic database…)
NEW DELHI: As part of efforts to boost revenue collection, CBDT has asked the Income Tax Department to monitor cases of over five lakh taxpayers who have not filed their latest tax returns .
The electronic database and systems unit of the Central Board of Direct Taxes has issued an official communication in this regard to all Chief Commissioners of the department to initiate action.
The department, at present, is looking at measures to bolster the revenue collection work with Finance Minister Arun Jaitley holding a review meeting in this regard yesterday with the I-T top brass.
"It has been noticed that 5,09,898 taxpayers who have submitted an e-return of Assessment Year 2011-12n 2012-13 or 2013-14 (upto October 20, 2014) with returned income of more than Rs 10 lakh or paid self assessment tax of more than or equal to Rs 1 lakh (as per Income Tax Return) have not filed their ITR for the Assessment Year 2014-15," the communication to the Chief Commissioners stated.
The CBDT, it said, has desired that all Chief Commissioners should "personally monitor these cases."
A senior I-T officer said the department will soon issue a communication to these taxpayers to file their returns or else give a reasons for not doing so. The government has fixed direct tax collection target of over Rs 7,36,221 crore for 2014-15, which is 15 per cent higher than the last fiscal's revised estimates.
The I-T department is witnessing a slight dip in collections in view of less TDS remittances as compares to the last time and issuance of large amounts of refunds, and hence it is training its guns to tap all sources of revenue to fill up its kitty and meet the government's targets.
"The situation is challenging but the department is sure it will meet the targets and expectations in this regard," the officer said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

April-September fiscal deficit nears 83 per cent of Budget EstimatesYou are here: Home > Collections
Fiscal deficit nears 83 per cent of Budget Estimates in end September
ET Bureau Oct 31, 2014, 03.27PM IST
Tags:
Budget estimates
(Net tax receipts were at Rs 3.23 lakh crore in…)
NEW DELHI: Just halfway through the financial year, the government ran up fiscal deficit to the extent of about 83% of its budget estimate for 2014-15 on account of sluggish tax revenues and high tax refunds. But it said it is confident of meeting the target of 4.1% of GDP, as the Rs 8,000 crore cut in total borrowing for the year indicates.
"Fiscal deficit showing upward trend due to higher tax refunds. Very confident of achieving fiscal deficit target of 4.1%," finance minister Arun Jaitley said on Friday, when data released by the Controller General of Accounts showed that fiscal deficit in April-September stood at Rs 4.38 lakh crore or 82.6% of Rs 5.31 lakh crore budgeted for this fiscal. This is worse than the situation at the same time last year when the fiscal deficit was at 76% of the budget estimate for the full year and the then UPA government was forced into massive spending cuts to stay within the target.
In the first half of the fiscal, the higher deficit was only on account of lower tax collection as expenditure was in line with budget estimates . The government managed to raise only 33.5% of the budgeted Rs 12.6 lakh crore tax and non-tax receipts. The envisaged disinvestment programme has not even started yet this fiscal. "Higher tax refunds are getting reflected in fiscal deficit number. This year there were pending tax refunds estimated at around Rs 1.20 lakh crore," the finance minister said.
Total expenditure in the period under review stood at Rs 8.62 lakh crore or 48% of the budget estimate of Rs 17.948 lakh crore. Plan spending was at over Rs 2.46 lakh crore. Under non-plan head , it was Rs 6.15 lakh crore. Typically, fiscal deficit in the initial few months tends to be higher as receipts start picking up only from the second half onwards.
The government also has a cushion of lower fuel subsidy this year and lower spending on food subsidy because the food security law is not likely to be rolled out by many states this year. The government has set aside Rs 1.15 lakh crore for food subsidy this year.
The government has also tightened the flagship rural jobs programme MGNREGA, implying lower spending on the scheme. Besides, it expects disinvestment to pick up in the second half as preparations are underway for some big-ticket offers. The government is not taking any chances, though, as indicated by the finance ministry's decision on Thursday to unveil belttightening measures that include a 10% mandatory cut in non-plan spends. Analysts agree that the first half notwithstanding, the government will stay within the budgeted fiscal deficit target for the full year.
"Even though the fiscal deficit reached nearly 83% of the budgeted amount in H1FY15, a sharp slippage relative to the target of 4.1% of GDP is unlikely in 2014-15," said Aditi Nair, senior economist at ICRA.
Nayar said the recently announced fiscal prudence measures, savings related to the budgetary allocation for food subsidy and fuel subsidies would ease the pressure on non-plan revenue expenditure in second half of 2014-15.
FEATURED ARTICLES

April-Sept fiscal deficit nears 83% of Budget estimatesApril-Sept fiscal deficit touches nearly 83 per cent of Budget estimates
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 31, 2014  | 16:52 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The country's fiscal deficit touched 82.6 per cent of the Budget Estimates for 2014-15 to cross Rs 4.38 lakh crore at the end of September.
During the same period of the previous 2013-14 fiscal, the deficit stood at 76 per cent of the Budget estimates (BE).
Net tax receipts in the first half of the current fiscal stood at Rs 3.23 lakh crore, or 33.1 per cent of BE, according to data released by the Controller General of Accounts on Friday.
Total government expenditure during April-September was over Rs 8.62 lakh crore or 48 per cent of the estimates for the entire 2014-15 fiscal year.
Of the total expenditure, planned spending stood at over Rs 2.46 lakh crore, while non-planned spending was Rs 6.15 lakh crore.
Revenue collection was over Rs 4.17 lakh crore or 35.1 per cent of the BE for the period.
Total receipts (from revenue and non-debt capital) of the government during the first six months of the fisal were over Rs 4.23 lakh crore.
Official data showed that the revenue deficit during the period was over Rs 3.45 lakh crore or 91.2 per cent of the full year target.
In the previous fiscal year, the fiscal deficit was over Rs 5.08 lakh crore or 4.5 per cent of gross domestic product (GDP). In 2012-13 the figure stood at 4.9 per cent of GDP.
For FY15, the government has pegged fiscal deficit - gap between government expenditure and revenue - at Rs 5.31 lakh crore or 4.1 per cent of GDP.
To reduce the fiscal deficit to a seven-year low level, the government had on Thursday announced a slew of austerity measures aimed at cutting non-plan spending by 10 per cent.
As per the measures, the government has banned first class air travel for bureaucrats, meetings in five-star hotels and purchase of cars. The Finance Ministry also decided to freeze new appointments.
"Such measures are intended at promoting fiscal discipline, without restricting the operational efficiency of the government," a finance ministry statement said.
The government had put in place a fiscal consolidation roadmap, according to which the fiscal deficit has to be brought down to 3 per cent of the GDP by the 2016-17 fiscal.

RIL slips in BT 500 ranking on lower gas outputStory
At a tipping point
RIL slips in the BT 500 ranking on lower gas output and falling oil prices but it could benefit from a likely gas price hike and earnings from new ventures such as retail.
Mahesh Nayak      Follow @MaheshNayak Delhi   Edition: Nov 9, 2014
Powering the company: RIL's Jamnagar refinery
On May 16, when the Narendra Modi-led Bharatiya Janata Party won a majority in the general election, Dalal Street, riding on great expectations, propelled the shares of Reliance Industries (RIL) to a 52-week high of Rs 1,142.55.
On that day stocks of most Gujarat-based companies had soared. But unlike many of these companies, the RIL stock could not hold its level for long. In the last four-and-a-half months, its stock has been one of the biggest underperformers among the BSE Sensex stocks. Between May 16 and September 30 it lost close to 12.5 per cent even as the Sensex gained 10.5 per cent.
Reliance Industries, led by Chairman and Managing Director Mukesh Ambani, has made huge investments in its non-energy businesses such as telecom, retail, hospitality and media.
Since September 2003, RIL has lagged the Sensex eight times in 11 years. This has hurt its overall ranking in the BT 500 list. In 2011, RIL lost the top slot to Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) in the market capitalisation pecking order. It remained at No.2 for the past three years. This year, despite a 15 per cent gain in its market value (as on September 30), RIL slipped to the third position. The market value gap between TCS and RIL has further widened to Rs 1.36 lakh crore from Rs 51,643 crore in 2013.
CHECK OUT: How RIL fares in BT 500 Most Valuable Companies list
According to Rajesh Kothari, Managing Director of AlfAccurate Advisors, an investment advisory firm, underperformance of the exploration and production (E&P) business coupled with regulatory uncertainty has been the main reason for the dismal show of the RIL stock.
"The market gave RIL a premium on expectation of the KG D6 gas discovery but it turned out to be a major disappointment. Thereafter, the RIL stock has been languishing," he says. Prayesh Jain, Associate Vice President of IIFL, a financial services company, says that, with growth being a concern, investors kept away from RIL.
"The subdued stock performance is due to flat earnings growth in the last three years," he says.
For 2013/14, RIL's Panna, Mukta and Tapti (PMT) fields produced 93 billion cubic feet (BCF) of gas against 145 BCF in 2011/12. But gas production from the KG Basin has plunged to 14 million metric standard cubic metre a day (MMSCMD) in 2013/14 from 43 MMSCMD in 2011/12.
The price of gas produced from the KG Basin remains at $4.2 per million metric British thermal unit (MMBTU) despite RIL's demands for a higher price. Lower energy price has affected RIL's shale gas business in the US. In the July-September quarter, operating profit from the US shale gas business dropped almost 17 per cent from a year earlier. This is prompting RIL to look at selling some of its shale assets.
Manish Bhandari, Founder of Vallum Capital, a Mumbai-based equity investment advisory firm, says RIL is a Sensex heavyweight and that has salvaged its stock. This implies that a small movement in RIL stock could make a huge difference in the portfolio. He says that when he was managing a long-only fund at ING Mutual Fund that used to benchmark the index, he often had to hold RIL shares even though he was underweight on RIL.
Bhandari also believes that a drop in crude oil prices will hurt RIL. In the past three months oil prices have fallen from $110 a barrel to $90 a barrel.
"RIL buys the worst quality of crude and after refining sells the oil at a good price, which helps them make a good margin. It will not help when crude prices fall. Upcoming refineries in West Asia and China have also played a role in the underperformance," he says.
Another reason for the poor show of RIL stocks, says Kothari, is the dismal Return on Capital Employed (RoCE). "In the last three years, its RoCE has fallen from 12 to eight per cent while the earnings per share (EPS) has shown tepid growth from Rs 68 to Rs 75," he says.
But things are changing, says Kothari. "Huge investments have been made in emerging business and today the company is waiting for those investments to bear fruit," he said. RIL operates in four major segments - refinery and petrochemical (its biggest revenue earner), E&P, retail and telecom. In a departure from the past, when investments were made into E&P and retail, today the money is being pumped into telecom.
Meanwhile, apart from the refinery and petrochemical business, RIL's retail business too has become profitable. But there are concerns that if the company goes on an expansion spree, then the retail business would burn cash and go back into the red.
Also, it is hoped that the gas pricing issue will be sorted out soon. RIL sources, on condition of anonymity, say they expect a revision in gas prices anytime soon. This could be a huge boost to RIL as the market hasn't discounted a hike in gas prices in its share price. When contacted, RIL declined to make any forward looking statement and didn't participate in the story.
On October 1, Satish Mishra of HDFC Securities brought out a 'buy' report on RIL. In it he says that while the price of PMT gas would remain at $5.6 to $5.7 per mmBtu, it may go up for the KG Basin gas from $4.2/mmBtu to $5.7 in 2014/15 and $7.2 the following year. Mishra also expects RIL's gross refining margin (GRM) to stabilise in coming years. In 2013/14, the GRM shrank to $8.1 a barrel from $9.2 the previous year. Mishra expects the GRM to hover around $8.5 a barrel in the next two years due to higher global incremental demand and a delay in new capacities.
The petrochemical business is also expected to grow. By 2015/16, according to Mishra's report, RIL is likely to benefit from capacity addition in its polyester business. Its total impact is expected in 2017/18 when the company's operating profit is projected to jump by 78 per cent to Rs 55,000 crore from Rs 30,878 crore in 2013/14.
However, a senior official of a domestic financial service firm that manages close to $2 billion funds, said, "Globally, energy prices are falling and importing makes sense. So prices will remain a concern for RIL."
He pointed out that RIL is a mature business but "it is unable to generate alpha" [returns higher than a pre-selected benchmark]. "Like ITC, the core business of RIL will generate money but the problem is that unlike ITC where capital-to-output ratio is high, it is low for RIL. It implies that other businesses like retail and telecom will burn huge cash and won't generate desired money in the short run. So RIL will record a good top line but the bottom line will be a concern," he said.
Further, he says companies that hold huge cash in hand often misallocate the money. "RIL is going through the same phase. When your peers have deep pockets then the last-man-standing concept doesn't work and this is a huge risk," he says, hinting at investments in telecom, retail, hotels and media. RIL holds an 18.5 per cent stake in EIH Ltd, the flagship company of The Oberoi Group.
On the positive side is the fact that RIL is holding cash reserves of about Rs 88,000 crore. It made close to Rs 9,000 crore from treasury operations, which was 41 per cent of its total net profit of Rs 22,000 crore in 2013/14.
RIL has been diversifying and with an investment of $6 billion so far, telecom has been its biggest bet. It now plans to invest another $6 billion in the telecom business. This means that, following its expansion plans, RIL would have less cash in hand.
"Though there is going to be huge capex in the core petrochemical and refinery businesses in the next two years, the debt-to-equity ratio wont be more than 0.7 for RIL," says Jain of IIFL.
Jain also said that telecom investment will add further burden on the balance sheet. Growing investment in telecom is being seen by analysts as a big negative for RIL as it is difficult to ascertain return on investments in the sector.
While the telecom spectrum auction is due in the next six months, it is anybody's guess as to how ugly the tariff war will turn out to be or how much money can be made on data.
Though risks abound, Kothari, whose fund portfolio since 2009 includes two to three per cent of RIL stock, is optimistic. "RIL is on the verge of an inflection point. Most negatives have been discounted in the share price," he says. "The company has all ingredients to make it big. With strong financial management and business acumen, it is only a matter of time when RIL starts delivering. One has to remain patient."

The Shaukeens gets U/A certificate  starcast happy'The Shaukeens', a remake of 1982 movie, stars Anupam Kher, Annu Kapoor Piyush Mishra, Lisa Haydon besides superstar Akshay Kumar making a special appearance.
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 31, 2014 4:52 pm
The starcast of upcoming comedy ‘ The Shaukeens’ are elated that the film has bagged a U/A certificate from the Central Board of Film Certification (CBFC).
‘ The Shaukeens ‘, a remake of 1982 movie, stars Anupam Kher, Annu Kapoor Piyush Mishra, Lisa Haydon besides superstar Akshay Kumar making a special appearance.
“We got to know today that our film has got U/A certificate from the Censor Board and we all are very happy about it. We should applaud our director and producer that we have made a clean film, which could be viewed by everyone,” said Anupam Kher, who was once the chairman of CBFC, during the promotion of the film in the Capital.
Directed by Abhishek Sharma, ‘The Shaukeens’ is expected to release on November 7.  Piyush says the film is a family entertainer and there are no double-meaning dialogues in the film.
“The film is not a sleazy comedy. In the film, there are no double meaning and cheap dialogues. It’s a complete family entertainer. It gives a message that one should not lie but the message comes across in a funny way,” he said.

Eva Longoria  Lily Collins to star in Low Riders filmPrint
By: Press Trust of India | Los Angeles | Posted: October 31, 2014 4:44 pm
Bichir was already tapped to play the lead in the film, which takes place in the East LA world of lowrider cars and
street tagging, reported Deadline.
Hollywood stars Eva Longoria and Lily Collins are in negotiations to star opposite Demian Bichir in the untitled Low Riders movie.
Bichir was already tapped to play the lead in the film, which takes place in the East LA world of lowrider cars and Ricardo de Montreuil will direct the script, written by Josh Bierne-Gordon and Justin Tipping.
Previous drafts were written by Cheo Hodari Coker and Elgin James.

Pak court reserves judgment in Musharrafs joint trial pleaPrint
Musharraf ruled from 1999 to 2008 when he lost power and went into self-imposed exile.
By: Press Trust of India | Islamabad | Posted: October 31, 2014 4:36 pm | Updated: October 31, 2014 4:51 pm
A special court on Friday reserved its decision on a plea by former Pakistani military ruler Pervez Musharraf to include several former civilian and military leaders in his treason trial case.
A three-member tribunal headed by Justice Faisal Arab is trying 71-year-old Musharraf for treason which he allegedly committed by imposing emergency in 2007 when he was president of the country.
Musharraf has challenged it saying that he was politically targeted by individually being put on trial and he asked to include all those civil and military leaders who were part of the government at that time.
His lawyer Farough Naseem today completed arguments, asking the court to hold a joint trial of all those involved in imposing the emergency.
Naseem said that imposing emergency was a collective action taken in consultation with then civil and military leaders, including then Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz, cabinet members and corp commanders of the former army chief.
“No single person can be held responsible for the imposition of emergency. It is against law,” he said.
The court reached a decision but reserved it till November 21. No reason was given for delaying the announcement.
Musharraf ruled from 1999 to 2008 when he lost power and went into self-imposed exile.
He returned to Pakistan in 2013 after over four years but faces a slew of cases, including the 2007 assassination of former premier Benazir Bhutto and killing of Baloch nationalist leader Akbar Bugti in 2006.
He was implicated in several criminal cases including the abrogation of the constitution which is a treasonous act under the law and punishable with death or life in jail.
Currently, he is on bail in four criminal cases while the treason case is going on in a special tribunal.
Musharraf presently lives in Karachi as all his efforts to go abroad so far have failed.

The Shaukeens not a sleazy comedy'The Shaukeens' will release Nov 7.
By: Indo-Asian News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 31, 2014 4:35 pm
Veteran actors Anupam Kher, Annu Kapoor and Piyush Mishra are seen chasing young girls in their forthcoming offering ‘The Shaukeens’, but they refuse to tag it as a cheap comedy.
“It is not a sleazy comedy. There are no double meaning dialogues of the film and you can watch the film with family. The treatment is simply comedy. In the end of the film, there is a message also that men shouldn’t be like this,” Piyush told reporters here Friday.
Helmed by ‘Tere Bin Laden’ director Abhishek Sharma, ‘The Shaukeens’ also stars Lisa Haydon and Akshay Kumar.
“It has a good story. It is not just song and dance. It is about three ‘shaukeens’ who are retired and want love from the opposite sex. They go to Mauritius to find love as Delhi is not safe for them since they can get caught. The film got a U/A certificate. It is nice that we made such a clean film,” said Anupam.
And the actors feel “proud” to be associated with the project. They also clarified that the “coming-of-age” comedy has no similarity with the 1982 film ‘Shaukeen’.
“There is no similarity. The concept is taken from there and Rati (Agnihotri) is in this film too. She was in ‘Shaukeen’ as well. She plays my wife in the new one,” said Anupam.
‘The Shaukeens’ will release Nov 7.

Devendra Fadnavis sworn-in as first BJP CM of MaharashtraDevendra Fadnavis sworn in as first BJP CM of Maharashtra
PTI Oct 31, 2014, 04.38PM IST
Tags:
Amit Shah
(Reaching out to a sulking…)
NEW DELHI: Becoming the first BJP Chief Minister of Maharashtra, Devendra Fadnavis was on Friday sworn-in as the CM of the state at Wankhede stadium. A 10-member BJP ministry led by Devendra Fadnavis was sworn-in.
Shiv Sena Chief Uddhav Thackeray agreed to attend the swearing-in ceremony after a last-minute call from BJP President Amit Shah inviting him to the event.
Reaching out to a sulking Shiv Sena, Shah's call to Uddhav came a day after the Sena announced its boycott of the grand swearing-in ceremony of Fadnavis on grounds of its "constant humiliation" by BJP over government formation in Maharashtra.
Fadnavis is also understood to have called up Thackeray requesting his presence at the event this evening.
BJP had sent out invites to Shiv Sena chief Thackeray, NCP chief Sharad Pawar and former Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan for the event.
Amidst uncertainty over Shiv Sena's role in the formation of the new government in Maharashtra, the party yesterday said its leaders would not attend Fadnavis' swearing-in.
Shiv Sena also provided covering fire to BJP from criticism for organising a lavish event, saying the ceremony will "wash off sins" of the previous government.
"You (Congress and NCP) have looted Maharashtra in your 15-year-rule and siphoned off thousands of crores of public money. If you are now speaking about a huge amount of money being spent on the oath-taking ceremony, it is nothing but hilarious," the Sena said in an editorial in its mouthpiece 'Saamana'.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Debutants Corner: Step in timedance
Arathi Anand, a student of Guru Jayashankar Menon, takes the stage this coming Thursday for a solo Bharatanatyam recital.
Menon, who received the Pravasi Kalashree award of the Kerala Sangeetha Nataka Akademi this year, is one of the prominent Bharatanatyam teachers of the Capital and runs a school named Nritya. Arathi has been training in Bharatanatyam under her guru for the last nine years. She has participated in various stage performances and events organised under the auspices of Nritya.
This will be her first major solo performance, or rangapravesham, which, literally translated is the Sanskrit term for entering (pravesha) the stage (ranga). A common name for rangapravesham is arangetram. Arathi is the 68th student of the institution to perform her arangetram.
Arathi, daughter of Sreelegha and N. Padmakumar, also learns music under the tutelage of Sobha Krishnaswamy. Arathi is a student of class XI at Kerala School, Vikaspuri.
The performance takes place on November 6 at the auditorium of the Delhi Tamil Sangam, Tamil Sangam Marg, Sector V, Ramakrishna Puram, 6 p.m.

Sensex Surges Over 500 Points in Record-Setting Rally  Nifty Conquers 8 300IVRCL Allots First Tranche of Shares to CDR Lenders
BSE Sensex and Nifty surged nearly 2 per cent today as the record-setting rally continued for the second day. Indian markets got a boost after the Bank of Japan surprised financial markets by significantly expanding its massive stimulus programme. ( Track shares )
Positive momentum from the recent reform measures announced by the government and higher global markets saw Indian markets rally for the ninth time in the past 10 sessions.
Sensex rose 519 points to close at a new high of 27,865 while Nifty soared 153 to close above 8300 levels for the first time.
(See: Moody's Welcomes India's Policy Steps, But Wants to See More )
Global stocks rallied today after Bank of Japan's announcement. Tokyo's Nikkei share index jumped almost 5 per cent in its biggest rise since June last year. European stocks were higher by nearly 1 per cent while US futures prices pointed to similar gains when trading resumes on Wall Street later in the day.
Also boosting the sentiment, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley yesterday said India's economy is expected to do better in the second half of the fiscal year to March 2015. The rally in Indian markets has also been fuelled by a sharp drop in global crude prices, which have hit a four-year low. The fall in Brent crude means significant savings for the Indian economy, which is likely to narrow both the current account deficit and the fiscal deficit.
(See: Arun Jaitley Sees Better Growth in Second Half of FY15 )
Foreign investors have also turned big buyers of Indian equities in the past few sessions after staying away for most part of this month. Yesterday, they bought Indian equities worth Rs 1,257 crore, adding to the Rs 755 crore purchase made on October 29.
IT, banking, and oil & gas led the gains today. Among IT stocks, Infosys, TCS and HCL Tech rose between 1.5 per cent and 2.5 per cent after better-than-expected US economic data boosted the sentiment about IT stocks. The US is the biggest market for most of the Indian outsourcers.
Banking and financial services stocks rose today amid hopes that the RBI could ease monetary policy earlier than expected due to a slowing inflation. Among banking stocks SBI, Axis Bank and Kotak Mahindra Bank rallied over 2 per cent.
Among other bluechips Reliance Industries and ONGC rose over 2 per cent. (With Agency Inputs)
 

GoPro after-hours hero  crushes expectationsgopro after-hours hero  crushes expectations
Kaci Hickoxs political problemBy Aaron Blake October 31 Follow @aaronblakewp
This Sunday, Oct. 26 photo provided by attorney Steven Hyman shows nurse Kaci Hickox in an isolation tent at University Hospital in Newark, N.J., where she was quarantined after flying into Newark Liberty International Airport following her work in West Africa caring for Ebola patients. (AP Photo/Steven Hyman)
Kaci Hickox, the nurse who fought to get out of a quarantine instituted by New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie (R), won the first round of her PR battle .
Winning the second round will be very difficult.
Since being transferred to another state-ordered quarantine at her home in Maine, Hickox has said she wouldn't abide by that quarantine, arguing that it's pointless and illegal to force her to do so. So on Thursday, she went on a well-publicized bike ride .
Ebola medic Kaci Hickox remains defiant, even as Maine Governor Paule LePage (R) plans to seek legal authority to keep the nurse isolated at home until the incubation period for Ebola has passed. (Reuters)
It's clear that Hickox believes in her cause and that she'll continue to fight against such quarantines in a case that could affect future efforts by governors to institute such measures (she might even  sue Christie  over her treatment). But when it comes to convincing the American people that her cause is just, she's got her work cut out for her.
A CBS News poll released Wednesday showed a whopping 80 percent of Americans believe that some kind of quarantine is warranted  for U.S. citizens traveling from West Africa back to the United States. I would argue that number is probably a little bit inflated -- CBS didn't mention that such quarantines last 21 days or where they would take place -- but it's pretty clear the vast majority of Americans are on-board with a whatever-it-takes approach to containing the spread of the disease.
Another case in point is the latest Washington Post-ABC News poll, which shows 70 percent of Americans want some kind of travel restrictions when it comes to people traveling to the United States from West Africa.
We're sure plenty of these people haven't heard of Kaci Hickox or studied the White House's reasons for resisting such measures , which include the idea that they discourage health-care workers from going to West Africa. Doctors Without Borders said Thursday that the quarantines in a few states are already making it harder for them to recruit people to fight Ebola in West Africa.
But for those who feel strongly about an abundance of caution -- whether travel bans or quarantines -- Hickox's decision to flout her quarantine is turning her into an easy foil. And the detractors are getting louder, particularly among conservatives.
A writer at the conservative National Review Online labeled her a " selfish hero ," for fighting Ebola in West Africa and then returning to demonstrate a "peculiar and repulsive sense of entitlement."
A Fox News host surmised Thursday that Hickox was enjoying the attention she was getting.
Other conservatives have labeled her a liberal and criticized her sense of entitlement .
Meanwhile, on the left, The Nation has hailed Hickox for standing up to the Republican governor, Christie.
Whether people like it or not, Ebola has pretty predictably turned into a partisan issue, with Republicans not trusting the Obama administration's guarantees and criticizing it for not getting more ahead of the disease, and Democrats believing Republicans are feeding hysteria about the whole thing. The Washington Post-ABC poll showed 50 percent of Democrats believe the U.S. government is doing all it reasonably can to stop the disease, but just 24 percent of Republicans agree. And while 78 percent of Democrats are confident the government can handle the situation, just 53 percent of Republicans agree.
For Hickox, it's not yet a chorus of criticism, but it's picking up, particularly in the conservative blogosphere. And given the very real fear in the American public and the overwhelming support for the kind of quarantine that Hickox is flouting, she's turning into the face of a cause that very few Americans believe in.
Her goal -- and the White House's goal -- is to change that.
Aaron Blake covers national politics and writes regularly for The Fix.

Can Redskins keep up pressure against VikingsBy Neil Greenberg and Mark Bullock October 31 Follow @ngreenberg
The Test asks two Post specialists to take unique looks at a Redskins issue leading up to each game. Neil Greenberg of  our Fancy Stats blog  runs the numbers; Separately,  Mark Bullock  gives it the eye test. 
Neil Greenberg’s take:
The Redskins finally got pressure on the quarterback against the Cowboys and it worked. Tony Romo was pressured on 12 of the 34 times he dropped back to pass and took five sacks overall, including one from linebacker Keenan Robinson which sent Romo to the locker room for a further look at his back.
To get their first three-game win streak since the 2012 season, Washington will want to do more of the same against Minnesota rookie quarterback Teddy Bridgewater . Under pressure this season, Bridgewater was completed just 46.9 percent of his passes, averaged 4.8 yards per pass and taken 16 sacks for a passer rating of 68.0. When not under pressure, that climbs slightly to 72.8.
It shouldn’t be hard for Washington since the Vikings’ offensive line, along with that of the Chargers, has allowed the most pressure on their quarterback this season.
The weak link is left tackle  Matt Kalil , a top-five pick in 2012 who made the Pro Bowl as a rookie, replacing Redskins left tackle Trent Williams, withdrew because of injury.
After eight games, the game charters at Pro Football Focus have him ranked dead last  among the 58 offensive tackles who have played at least 50 percent of their team’s snaps, saddling him with the most pressure allowed this season (32 sacks, hits and hurries).
Mark Bullock’s take:
The Redskins’ defense came out and played with a much more aggressive game plan against the Cowboys than they had all season. But defensive coordinator Jim Haslett has always been aggressive with his blitzes against Tony Romo. They most commonly used the “cover-zero” blitz, which involves sending every available rusher after the quarterback, leaving no safety help for the defenders in coverage.
As you can see here, Washington has no deep safeties to help out the defenders in coverage. All the corners play with inside leverage, while everyone else lines up within five yards of the line of scrimmage and will blitz if they don’t have a coverage responsibility.
On this particular play, linebacker Keenan Robinson runs a slight stunt, crossing behind defensive lineman Jason Hatcher into the opposite A gap.
The goal of the cover-zero blitz is to bring one more rusher than the offensive line can block. Dallas keeps both tight end Jason Witten and running back DeMarco Murray in on a seven-man protection scheme, but Washington rushes eight. Robinson is the free rusher that comes unblocked right up the middle.
Romo has no choice but to accept the sack and move on. He turns and gets a knee to his back as Robinson registers the sack.
The cover zero was an effective blitz against the Cowboys. But what Haslett did a good job of was using the look to disguise other blitzes.
Here, you can see both safeties in the box again. To the Cowboys, it looks like another cover-zero blitz is coming. But the Redskins are actually bluffing.
Washington actually only sends five rushers, but sends an overload blitz at the left side of the offensive line. Hatcher and outside linebacker Trent Murphy run a stunt to help further confuse things for the Dallas offensive line. Meanwhile, safety Brandon Meriweather blitzes off the edge.
The stunt from Murphy and Hatcher draws the attention of both the left tackle and left guard, leaving Meriweather unblocked. Dallas actually had enough blockers to pick up the blitz, but because Washington disguised it well with the cover-zero bluff, they didn’t know where the blitz was coming from and couldn’t slide their protection over to pick up Meriweather.
Romo attempted his spin move to escape, but Meriweather made the adjustment and brought down Romo for the sack.
Even when they weren’t using cover-zero or bluffing it, Washington still used blitzes to get pressure on the Cowboys’ quarterback.
On this play, the Redskins run a safety blitz from the Cowboys right side. They use a stunt up front again, but with defensive lineman Frank Kearse and linebacker Keenan Robinson this time. Meriweather disguises his intentions, staying well off the line of scrimmage and leaving it as late as possible to rush.
Kearse crosses the front of right guard Zack Martin, who attempts to pass him off to center Travis Frederick. Robinson comes in behind Kearse, meaning Martin has to be quick to pass off Kearse and pick up Robinson. Murray, kept in to block, spots Robinson blitzing and steps up to help Martin pick up the rush.
But Martin gets back across in time to block Robinson. Murray complete misses Meriweather’s rush, leaving him unblocked.
Meriweather lands his hit on Romo and forces the ball loose, but the Cowboys recover. This was another case of a well-designed and executed blitz that the Cowboys had enough blockers to pick up, but the confusion caused them to allow a free rusher.
What will be interesting to see is how Haslett and the Redskins attack the Vikings this coming Sunday. Will they continue to be aggressive? Neil’s numbers suggest Bridgewater struggles under pressure, but I’m not sure Haslett will be quite so aggressive against the Vikings.
This is Jerry Hughes’s sack against the Vikings a few weeks ago. The Bills bring a simple four-man rush, with Hughes matched up one-on-one with Kalil.
Hughes takes Kalil outside before making a cut back inside.
Kalil is slow to respond and desperately tries to stop Hughes from rushing right past him.
But Kalil’s efforts to recover are in vain, as Hughes beats him inside easily and sacks Bridgewater.
The very next play featured another sack.
The Bills stay with their four-man rush, but this time run a stunt up front. Defensive tackle Marcell Dareus pulls from his initial position over the center to outside the right tackle.
The other rushers crash inside, creating room for Dareus to get around the edge.
The Vikings’ right tackle, Phil Loadholt , is late to adjust to the stunt from Dareus and can’t stop him from getting to the quarterback.
Bridgewater is brought down again, on back-to-back plays.
Sacks like these show that Bridgewater can be pressured without sending blitzes. Haslett’s tendency this year has been to send more four-man rushes and drop more into coverage to help cover the weaknesses in the secondary. The Vikings’ offensive line shows a vulnerability to stunts and edge rushers.
While I’d like to see the Redskins maintain the aggressive style they displayed against the Cowboys, I’m expecting Haslett to revert back to the more conservative style we’ve seen for most of the season. But as the Bills showed here, that doesn’t mean the Redskins won’t get pressure on Bridgewater.
Neil Greenberg runs  Fancy Stats , where numbers meet news. Mark Bullock is The Insider’s  Outsider , sharing his impressions without the benefit of access to the team. He also posts here .
More from The Post:

Arbitrage funds may be good substitutes for short-term debt fundsShoaib Zaman      Follow @shobzm    Edition: October 2014
(Photo: Reuters)
Since June, three asset management companies have launched arbitrage funds, taking the number of such funds in the Indian market to 14. These funds have got a lot of attention as a substitute for short-term debt funds after the Union Budget reduced the tax benefits for investors in debt funds.
Arbitrage funds make money by gaining from the difference in price of a security in different markets. These funds are hybrid as they invest a sizeable money in debt markets.
"Arbitrage funds have been present in the market for a long time. But their returns have been comparable with those given by short-term debt funds, which is why they have not got much investor interest. But the changes in tax rules have made debt funds unattractive for the short term," says Neeti Trivedi, partner, Acumoney Consulting.
In the one year ended August 8, the best performing fund in the category was Kotak Equity Arbitrage Fund, with returns of 10.03%. The worst performing was Birla Sun Life Enhanced Arbitrage Fund, which returned 8.10%.
SHOULD YOU INVEST?
Vidya Bala, head, Mutual Fund Research, fundsindia.com, says arbitrage funds are useful. "They are basically used to hedge or limit risk. Hence, one can invest in them any time." However, she agrees that these funds work best in volatile markets when the fund manager gets a lot of opportunities for arbitrage between cash and derivatives segments.
Lakshmi Iyer, chief investment officer (debt) and head of products, Kotak Mutual Fund, believes there are reasonably good arbitrage opportunities in the current equity cash and futures markets. "Given that the bullish undertone is likely to continue, we believe it is the right time to look at equity arbitrage funds."
Seemant Shukla, associate director, Edelweiss Asset Management, agrees. "Since 2007, there have been only three-four months in 2008 when there have not been good arbitrage opportunities."
Explaining Arbitrage
These funds offer investors a tax advantage too. "Due to their equity orientation, dividends are tax-free and so are capital gains if the units are held for more than one year, making them more tax efficient than liquid and debt funds," says Shukla. Hence, arbitrage funds should be a part of all asset allocation strategies, he says.
At present, short-term gains from debt funds are added to the income and taxed according to the person's tax slab. Long-term gains, if the units are held for more than three years, are taxed at 20% with indexation. Indexation involves adjusting the purchase price with inflation. It lowers gains and, hence, the tax burden.
"Arbitrage funds, although categorised as equity funds, can replace a part of your liquid fund portfolio. These do not qualify as a long-term investment for generating wealth but are more an instrument for parking short-term money. Not more than 5-10% funds should be allocated to this category of funds," says Trivedi of Acumoney Consulting. Most arbitrage funds charge a fee if you sell before three months.
Adding a word of caution, he says, "With a slew of new fund offers and additional investments, it remains to be seen if these funds can keep up their performance in view of limited arbitrage opportunities available in the market."
That is why some experts advise caution. "It's not a good time to invest in arbitrage funds. These are good investment in a sideways market but not now when we are looking at a possible bull run in equities. If we look at the debt market, too, we will most probably see a downward interest rate cycle. So, it is a good time to invest in debt funds also. Hence, we are not recommending arbitrage funds over equity and debt funds in the current market environment to our long-term investors," says Rohit Shah, founder, GettingYouRich, a financial planning firm.
EQUITY ALLOCATION
Many arbitrage funds say they invest in debt instruments when they are not able to find opportunities in equity markets. This makes investors fear that if the debt portion crosses the 35% mark, the fund may be treated as a debt fund and taxed accordingly. Bala of fundsindia.com says this flexibility is good. "It is good for the fund house to give itself leeway to invest in debt if arbitrage opportunities are hard to come by. This is better than the risk of unhedged equity allocation."
Rock Solid
Trivedi says funds need to stick to the mandate to avail of the tax benefits of equity funds. The reason it is difficult for investors to gauge the level of debt investment in an arbitrage fund's portfolio is derivatives transactions. "The funds typically ensure that they invest at least 65% in equities. Since this includes derivatives transactions as well, the funds are able to maintain the stated allocation," says Trivedi.
VOLATILE OR UNIDIRECTIONAL?
Do arbitrage funds do well only in volatile markets? The answer seems yes, because in volatile markets, there is a wide gap in prices in cash and derivatives segments, providing opportunities for making money.
Shukla of Edelweiss says, "If you analyse data since 2007 and split it in periods when either the Nifty has moved significantly upwards or significantly downwards, you will observe that the base case returns delivered by arbitrage funds have been 7-8%. The highest returns have been 10-11%, proving that these funds can deliver stable and consistent returns across market cycles."
Kotak's Iyer says arbitrage funds do well in bull markets too. "These funds do well in a market where sentiments are a tad bullish as futures trade at a premium during such times."
Explaining, Shukla says stocks trade at different levels in cash and futures markets. The reason is the risk involved in the futures market.
"Thus, irrespective of the market movement, there will be a difference in cash and futures markets. This will ensure arbitrage opportunities exist even if the markets are unidirectional or range-bound," he says.

Sensex  Nifty hit new highs on Fed rate stanceMarket update: Sensex, Nifty hit new highs on reforms, Fed rate stance
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 30, 2014  | 16:50 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The benchmark Sensex on Thursday surged about 248 points to end at record closing peak of 27,346.33 on across-the-board buying by investors after government eased rules for FDI in construction sector and US Federal Reserve reiterated its plan to keep interest rates at record lows.
While BSE Sensex on Thurday surpassed both its intra-day high and closing high logged on September 8, NSE Nifty barometer hit a new intra-day peak of 8,181.55 but ended at 8,169.20 just a few notches below its record closing peak of 8,173.90.
Prominent gainers which lifted key indices to record highs include RIL, Infosys, L&T, Maruti Suzuki, HDFC Bank, Hindalco, HDFC, GAIL, Dr Reddys, ITC, NTPC, TCS.
"Markets have been on an upward trajectory on the back of renewed vigor shown by government to initiate reforms, lower crude prices and supportive global cues among others. Though Quantitative Easing ended, but Fed keeping the 'considerable period of time' stance for raising rates until it sees more improvement in the economy, cheered markets," said Devang Mehta, Sr VP & Head - Equity Advisory, Anand Rathi Financial.
After opening in positive terrain, the 30-share Sensex continued its upward march and soared to hit intra-day record high of 27,390.60, surpassing its earlier peak of 27,354.99 hit on September 8. The Sensex closed with a gain of 248.16 points, or 0.92 per cent, at new closing peak of 27,346.33, bettering earlier record close of 27,319.85 (September 8).
The 50-share NSE Nifty jumped by 78.75 points, or 0.97 per cent, to end at 8,169.20, after touching a new intra-day high of 8,181.55 that crossed previous record high of 8180.20.
Brokers said sentiments turned extremely bullish after the government had yesterday relaxed rules for FDI in the construction sector by reducing minimum built-up area as well as capital requirement and easing the exit norms. DLF, Unitech and HDIL shares rose in the range of 1.5-6 per cent.
"The equity markets were seen rejoicing. After a flat start, sentiments got some support from positive FII figure of the last session. However, gains remained capped as investors opted to book profits in last half an hour of the session as October derivative contracts were set to expire."
Sectorwise the BSE Realty index gained the most by rising 3.44 per cent, followed by IT index 2.04 per cent. Teck Index rose by 1.77 per cent, Oil and Gas index by 1.65 per cent, Consumer Durable index by 1.59 per cent, Capital Goods by 0.94 per cent and Bankex by 0.72 per cent.

Lenovo becomes 3rd largest smartphone maker in India after Motorola acquisitionLenovo becomes third largest smartphone maker inb India after Motorola acquisition
Gulveen Aulakh, ET Bureau Oct 31, 2014, 04.59AM IST
Tags:
IDC
(China’s Lenovo completed…)
NEW DELHI: China's Lenovo completed its $2.9-billion acquisition of Motorola Mobility on Thursday, making the Lenovo-Motorola combine the third largest smartphone entity in India, one of the fastest growing smartphone markets in the world.
"Motorola and Lenovo together would be No. 3 in the market (India) which would be the case in many markets that both brands operate,"spokespeople from both companies said in a conference late Thursday evening. Lenovo and Motorola together form the third largest smartphone player worldwide, according to data from research firm IDC pushing rival Xiaomi from the No. 3 position down to No 4.
IDC worldwide smartphone data showed Samsung leading with 23.8%, followed by Apple with 12%, Xiaomi with 5.3% and Lenovo following closely with 5.2%, and LG at No. 5 with 5.1%."Lenovo has a very good smartphone business in India through the offline channel. Motorola is present only on line. It's a good combination,"Liu Jun, Lenovo executive vice president and president of Lenovo's Mobile Business Group said.
"Lenovo will continue with the same market plan in India, which is an important target market,"he added. In India, Motorola is the fifth largest smartphone maker in India with 5% share of the segment as of June data from research firm IDC. Since its resurrection early this year, Motorola has sold more than two million smartphones, including the Moto G, Moto X and Moto E, at competitive prices.
The brand trails the trio of home-bred handset makers — Lava, Karbonn and Micromax — in that order with Samsung leading the country with a 29% share. Having closed the deal, Motorola and Lenovo will continue to remain separate entities.
The Motorola-Lenovo combine intends to sell about 100 million smartphones and tablets globally by the end of March next year, while Lenovo aims to bring Motorola back to profitability within four to six quarters.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Telecom Commission to meet on spectrum auction on Nov 7Telecom Commission to discuss spectrum auction on Nov 7
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 31, 2014  | 15:22 IST
(Photo for representation only)
Inter-ministerial panel Telecom Commission (TC) is scheduled to meet on November 7 to discuss next round of spectrum auction along with broadband project and the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India's (Trai) recommendation on indoor wireless telephony.
"TC is proposed to meet on November 7 to mainly discuss spectrum auction related issues, NOFN and Trai's recommendation on cordless communications system," an official source told PTI.
Trai, on October 15, gave its recommendation on spectrum auction for premium 900 Mhz band and 1800 Mhz band that are presently being used for 2G GSM mobile services by Airtel, Vodafone, Idea Cellular and Reliance Communications.
The government has proposed to put for auction about 184 Mhz of spectrum in 900 Mhz band, which is held by these companies through their various licences expiring in 2015-16. The four telecom operators will have to buy spectrum afresh to continue their services.
In 1800 Mhz, government has proposed to auction 104 Mhz of spectrum, which included spectrum held by licences that are expiring in 2015-16 and unsold airwaves in February auction.
The regulator has already given its view on pricing of 800 Mhz band which is used for CDMA based mobile telephony. In the coming days, telecom operators will be able to deploy 4G technology in all these spectrum band.
Trai has recommended about 10 per cent higher base price for spectrum in 1800 Mhz band at Rs 2,138 crore for 18 out of 22 service areas. It also suggested a price of Rs 3,004 crore per Mhz for the premium 900 Mhz band, in which mobile signal covered about twice more area than 1800 Mhz band and hence telecom operators will need to deploy less number of mobile towers for transmitting signals and thus save cost.
For CDMA spectrum, Trai recommended reserve price of Rs 2,685 crore per megahertz, which is around 50 per cent higher than the pan-India base price fixed for its last auction held in March 2013.
DoT has proposed to auction about 57 Mhz of CDMA spectrum while Trai has suggested that about 169 Mhz can be made available for the auction after taking back spectrum from public sector units BSNL and MTNL.
The government expects to raise a minimum of Rs 9,000 crore from auction of three sets of spectrum. An inter-ministerial panel of spectrum auction has suggested conducting auction in February but Airtel, Vodafone, Idea and RCom have written seeking deferring of auction till the time more spectrum, especially that of BSNL and MTNL, is made available.

PM Narendra Modi to lay foundation stone for trade centre in VaranasiDuring the two-day visit, Modi will also discuss the plan of adopting a village from his constituency under the MP Model Village Scheme. (source: PTI)
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 31, 2014 4:31 pm
Foundation stone for a trade facilitation centre and a crafts museum will be laid inVaranasi by Prime Minister Narendra Modi during his visit to his Lok Sabha constituency on November 7, first since assuming the top post, as part of giving a fillip to its development.
The decision to set up the trade centre and the museum was proposed in the Budget for 2014-15 presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in June.
Rs 50 crore have been earmarked in the budget for development and promotion of handloom products of Varanasi, an ancient city which has rich heritage in the sector.
Textiles Minister Santosh Kumar Gangwar would accompany the Prime Minister to Varanasi.
During the two-day visit, Modi will also discuss the plan of adopting a village from his constituency under the MP Model Village Scheme.
He will also visit Banaras Hindu University (BHU) where he will inaugurate a Trauma Centre.
Earlier, the Prime Minister was expected to visit Varanasi on October 14 and 15 but it was postponed due to cyclone ‘Hudhud’.

What lessons should West learn from Japan s ...What lessons should the West learn from Japan's slump?
New York Times Oct 31, 2014, 04.41PM IST
Tags:
(The point, however, is that…)
By Paul Krugman
TOKYO: For almost two decades, Japan has been held up as a cautionary tale, an object lesson on how not to run an advanced economy. After all, the island nation is the rising superpower that stumbled. One day, it seemed, it was on the road to high-tech domination of the world economy; the next it was suffering from seemingly endless stagnation and deflation. And Western economists were scathing in their criticisms of Japanese policy.
I was one of those critics; Ben Bernanke, who went on to become chairman of the Federal Reserve, was another. And these days, I often find myself thinking that we ought to apologize.
Now, I'm not saying that our economic analysis was wrong. The paper I published in 1998 about Japan's "liquidity trap," or the paper Bernanke published in 2000 urging Japanese policymakers to show "Rooseveltian resolve" in confronting their problems, have aged fairly well. In fact, in some ways they look more relevant than ever now that much of the West has fallen into a prolonged slump very similar to Japan's experience.
The point, however, is that the West has, in fact, fallen into a slump similar to Japan's - but worse. And that wasn't supposed to happen. In the 1990s, we assumed that if the United States and Western Europe found themselves facing anything like Japan's problems, we would respond much more effectively than the Japanese had. But we didn't, even though we had Japan's experience to guide us. On the contrary, Western policies since 2008 have been so inadequate if not actively counterproductive that Japan's failings seem minor in comparison. And Western workers have experienced a level of suffering that Japan has managed to avoid.
What policy failures am I talking about? Start with government spending. Everyone knows that in the early 1990s Japan tried to boost its economy with a surge in public investment; it's less well-known that public investment fell rapidly after 1996 even as the government raised taxes, undermining progress toward recovery. This was a big mistake, but it pales by comparison with Europe's hugely destructive austerity policies or the collapse in infrastructure spending in the United States after 2010. Japanese fiscal policy didn't do enough to help growth; Western fiscal policy actively destroyed growth.
  Or consider monetary policy. The Bank of Japan, Japan's equivalent of the Federal Reserve, has received a lot of criticism for reacting too slowly to the slide into deflation and then for being too eager to raise interest rates at the first hint of recovery. That criticism is fair, but Japan's central bank never did anything as wrongheaded as the European Central Bank's decision to raise rates in 2011, helping to send Europe back into recession. And even that mistake is trivial compared with the awesomely wrongheaded behavior of the Riksbank, Sweden's central bank, which raised rates despite below-target inflation and relatively high unemployment and appears, at this point, to have pushed Sweden into outright deflation.
The Swedish case is especially striking because the Riksbank chose to ignore one of its own deputy governors: Lars Svensson, a world-class monetary economist who had worked extensively on Japan and who had warned his colleagues that premature rate increases would have exactly the effects they did, in fact, have.
So there are really two questions here. First, why has everyone seemed to get this so wrong? Second, why has the West, with all its famous economists - not to mention the ability to learn from Japan's woe - made an even worse mess than Japan did?
The answer to the first question, I think, is that responding effectively to depression conditions requires abandoning conventional respectability. Policies that would ordinarily be prudent and virtuous, like balancing the budget or taking a firm stand against inflation, become recipes for a deeper slump. And it's very hard to persuade influential people to make that adjustment - just look at the Washington establishment's inability to give up on its deficit obsession.
As for why the West has done even worse than Japan, I suspect that it's about the deep divisions within our societies. In America, conservatives have blocked efforts to fight unemployment out of a general hostility to government, especially a government that does anything to help Those People. In Europe, Germany has insisted on hard money and austerity largely because the German public is intensely hostile to anything that could be called a bailout of southern Europe.
I'll be writing more soon about what's happening in Japan now, and the new lessons the West should be learning. For now, here's what you should know: Japan used to be a cautionary tale, but the rest of us have messed up so badly that it almost looks like a role model instead.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nominal tax on super rich can lift 9 cr out...FDI
(Levying a wealth tax of 1.5…)
NEW DELHI: As many as nine crore people would be out from the state of abject poverty in next 5 years if India could stop inequality from rising and levy a nominal tax on the super riches to narrow the rich and poor divide, a report said today.
Levying a wealth tax of 1.5 per cent on super rich could help attain the objective of raising people out of extreme poverty, development organisation Oxfam India said in its latest report 'Even it Up: Time to End Extreme Inequality'.
"...research has found that if India stopped inequality from rising, they could lift 90 million more people out of extreme poverty by 2019.
"This is an easy win for the government. By levying a wealth tax of only 1.5 per cent on the 65 super rich, 90 million people can lead a life of dignity and free of poverty" said Nisha Agrawal , CEO, Oxfam India.
The study found that in India, the number of billionaires increased from two in the 1990s to 65 in 2014 and the net worth of these super rich people is enough to eliminate absolute poverty in the country, twice over.
It revealed that more than half of the foreign direct investment ( FDI ) in India is channelled through tax havens and the government spends almost twice as much on its military as on health.
"Money that can be invested to tackle inequality is diverted by tax breaks and public-private partnerships," the report said.
Oxfam India said that an urgent action is needed to clamp down on tax evasion by multinational corporations and the world's richest individuals.
"Global corporations and the wealthiest people must pay their fair share to governments', so that countries can tackle inequality and build fairer societies," it added.
A report by UN-ESCAP earlier this month said that the gap between the poor and the rich is growing in the Asia-Pacific region, including India, and there has been an increase in income inequality in many major economies in this region.
According to government data, the poverty ratio in the country declined to 21.9 per cent in 2011-12 from 37.2 per cent in 2004-05 on account of increase in per capita consumption.
In 2011-12, the national poverty line was estimated at Rs 816 per capita per month in villages and Rs 1,000 per capita per month in cities.
This meant people consuming goods and services over Rs 33.33 in cities and Rs 27.20 per capita per day in villages were not classified as poor.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Where to invest Join @ETMarkets chat with e...where to invest join @etmarkets chat with e...
Live: Maharashtra gets its first BJP govt as Devendra Fadnavis takes oath as chief ministerDevendra Fadnavis sworn in as Maharashtra chief minister, Shiv Sena joins bash
HT Correspondents , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, October 31, 2014
First Published: 15:06 IST(31/10/2014) | Last Updated: 08:16 IST(1/11/2014)
Comments
Devendra Fadnavis was sworn in as the BJP’s first chief minister in Maharashtra on Friday but had to share some of the limelight with another man — Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray, who attended the ceremony after a last-minute phone call from BJP chief Amit Shah.
 
Fadnavis — the state’s 27th CM and its youngest at 44 — took the oath of office with a team of nine ministers at Wankhede stadium in Mumbai. In attendance were Prime Minister Narendra Modi, LK Advani, Shah, the CMs of BJP-ruled and friendly states and a crowd of 40,000-50,000, according to BJP estimates.
 
A significant development on the sidelines was the apparent thaw between squabbling ex-allies BJP and Shiv Sena. Thackeray — firm till Thursday night on boycotting the swearing-in over the BJP’s “constant humiliation” of his party — met Shah immediately after the ceremony, setting off talk of a patch-up and post-poll alliance.
BJP National President Amit Shah with Maharashtra CM-designate Devendra Fadnavis during their meeting at his residence in New Delhi. ( Sonu Mehta/HT Photo)
Union minister Arun Jaitley and Fadnavis too had called up Thackeray earlier in the day to make him change his mind. The Sena chief came with wife Rashmi and party MP Vinayak Raut.
 
The Sena has 63 MLAs who can help the BJP — with 121 MLAs in the 288-strong assembly — prove majority without taking the support offered by other parties such as the Nationalist Congress Party.
 
The NCP showed Friday it was more than willing to help the BJP, with most of its senior leaders, barring boss Sharad Pawar, sharing the dais with their BJP counterparts.
 
The new chief minister swung into action almost immediately after assuming charge, saying his government would ensure transparency and bring in a law to ensure an effective service mechanism for the people. “People want their work done without any delay. We will bring in a law under which the government (officers and other staffers) would deliver service as quickly as possible,” Fadnavis said during his first media interaction after being sworn in as chief minister.  
The CM said he would also review decisions taken by the former government, as it involved expenditure of more than Rs. 52,000 crore. “If we were to execute these schemes, we will need to raise loans to finance them. We will examine how feasible these decisions are,” he said.
Fadnavis — a four-time MLA from Nagpur and a lawyer and business management expert by training — said portfolio allocations would be made on Saturday. The CM wants to keep home and finance with himself.  The assembly session is expected to be held between November 10 and 12 during which time the government will table the trust vote.
Council of ministers

Sensex surges over 500 points on US growthUpdate: BSE Sensex surges over 519 points on US growth, Japan stimulus
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 31, 2014  | 17:31 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The stock markets on Friday galloped to new highs with Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) benchmark Sensex surging 519.50 points to 27,865.83 and Nifty soaring 153 points to cross the 8,300 mark tracking a strong global rally on robust US economic growth and a surprise ramping up of Japan's monetary easing programme.
Besides, continued inflows on solid corporate earnings and optimism over India's growth also helped markets boost investor wealth by nearly Rs 1.5 lakh crore in a single session. Six stocks rose for every 10 traded on BSE on Friday with capital goods, oil & gas, IT and power scrips leading rally.
The 30-share Sensex opened on a strong footing and rose to new intra-day record high of 27,894.32. It settled for the day at 27,865.83, a new record at closing, by gaining 519.50 points or 1.90 per cent. Its previous record closing high was 27,346.33 reached in yesterday's trade.
In four days, Sensex has gained over 1,100 points. For the week, it rose by over 1,000 points.
"Much-needed reforms from the new government, strong Q2 performance by India Inc, Fed's low-interest rate regime combined with Bank of Japan's sudden stimulus announcement, gave markets across a sentiment boost," said Hiren Dhakan, Associate Fund Manager, Bonanza Portfolio.
Sentiment was also boosted after the US released forecast-beating economic growth data on Thursday. The world's biggest economy grew 3.5 percent in the September quarter.
Of the 30-share Sensex, 29 scrips led by HDFC , GAIL, L&T, Tata Power, Tata Steel, Dr Reddy, Infosys, Cipla and Coal India gained. SBI, ONGC, RIL, Axis Bank and Sun Pharma also rose. However, Bharti Airtel finished lower.
The National Stock Exchange (NSE) Nifty, comprising 50 shares, breached the 8,300-mark for the first time to hit a new lifetime high of 8,330.75. It also ended at fresh all-time high of 8,322.20, surging 153 points, or 1.87 per cent. Previously, it touched an intra-day record high of 8,181.55 yesterday.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) bought shares worth a net Rs 1,257.49 crore on Thursday.
Asia was led by Japan's Nikkei that surged 4.6 per cent while indices in Singapore, Hong Kong, Korea and China rose in 1-2 percent range. European also surged in late morning trade.
Sectorwide, the BSE Capital Goods index gained the most by rising 2.66 per cent, followed by Oil & Gas index by 2.19 per cent, IT index 1.96 per cent, Power index 1.94 per cent, Metal index 1.91 and Banking index 1.76 per cent.
Indicating strong revival of retail interest, midcap index gained 1.24 per cent higher and the small-cap barometer rose by 0.96 per cent.

The Shaukeens gets U/A certificate  starcasthappy'The Shaukeens', a remake of 1982 movie, stars Anupam Kher, Annu Kapoor Piyush Mishra, Lisa Haydon besides superstar Akshay Kumar making a special appearance.
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 31, 2014 4:52 pm
The starcast of upcoming comedy ‘ The Shaukeens’ are elated that the film has bagged a U/A certificate from the Central Board of Film Certification (CBFC).
‘ The Shaukeens ‘, a remake of 1982 movie, stars Anupam Kher, Annu Kapoor Piyush Mishra, Lisa Haydon besides superstar Akshay Kumar making a special appearance.
“We got to know today that our film has got U/A certificate from the Censor Board and we all are very happy about it. We should applaud our director and producer that we have made a clean film, which could be viewed by everyone,” said Anupam Kher, who was once the chairman of CBFC, during the promotion of the film in the Capital.
Directed by Abhishek Sharma, ‘The Shaukeens’ is expected to release on November 7.  Piyush says the film is a family entertainer and there are no double-meaning dialogues in the film.
“The film is not a sleazy comedy. In the film, there are no double meaning and cheap dialogues. It’s a complete family entertainer. It gives a message that one should not lie but the message comes across in a funny way,” he said.

Eva Longoria  Lily Collins to star in Low RidersfilmPrint
By: Press Trust of India | Los Angeles | Posted: October 31, 2014 4:44 pm
Bichir was already tapped to play the lead in the film, which takes place in the East LA world of lowrider cars and
street tagging, reported Deadline.
Hollywood stars Eva Longoria and Lily Collins are in negotiations to star opposite Demian Bichir in the untitled Low Riders movie.
Bichir was already tapped to play the lead in the film, which takes place in the East LA world of lowrider cars and Ricardo de Montreuil will direct the script, written by Josh Bierne-Gordon and Justin Tipping.
Previous drafts were written by Cheo Hodari Coker and Elgin James.

NTPC Q2 profit down 17% at Rs 2 072crorePrint
By: PTI | New Delhi | Posted: October 31, 2014 4:40 pm
Country’s largest thermal power producer NTPC reported nearly 17 per cent drop in net profit at Rs 2,071.63 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2014-15, pulled down by changes in tariff regulations.
It had posted net profit of Rs 2,492.90 crore in the July -September quarter of 2013-14, NTPC said in a filing to the stock exchanges.
The decline in profit after tax is mainly on account of changes in Tariff Regulations, 2014, the company said in an official statement.
In July, electricity regulator Central Electricity Regulatory Commission (CERC) rejected NTPC’s petition seeking changes in the tariff norms from 2014-19.
NTPC had said that its generation incentives should be linked to the actual power produced instead of the supply.
The CERC, in its order dated June 30, said the risks associated with the business of electricity generation had been taken care of in the 2014 tariff regulations.
The state-run firm’s total income from operations increased to Rs 16,736.63 crore from Rs 16,448.90 crore in the same period last fiscal.
Fuel cost on year-on-year basis went up to Rs 11,439.33 crore from Rs 10,139.25 crore whereas the company’s other income fell to Rs 530.69 crore as against Rs 627.19 crore, in the corresponding period.
In September, NTPC signed an initial agreement with Andhra Pradesh state government to develop 1,000 MW solar power projects at suitable sites in a phased manner. The projects will be implemented on Build-Own-Operate basis in the state.
For the second quarter of FY 2014-15, gross generation was 55.421 Billion Units (BUs) as against 54.519 BUs in corresponding quarter of previous year.
During the first six months of the current fiscal (April-September), the company’s gross power generation grew to 118.554 BUs from 111.524 BUs for the corresponding period in previous year.
 

Current Theega: Mindless funCast: Manchu Manoj, Rakul Preet Singh, Jagapati Babu and Sunny Leone
Direction: Nageswara Reddy
Music: Achu
The 2013 Tamil film Varuthapadatha Valibar Sangam starring Siva Karthikeyan, Sathyaraj, Sri Divya and Bindu Madhavi arrives in Telugu as Current Theega. The original didn’t offer much to rave about, save a few laughs, which were enough to pass some muster at the box office. Current Theega created a buzz from its initial stages of its making, more for signing Sunny Leone than anything else.
Billed as a comedy in a rural setting, the film opens on a serious note. Jagapati Babu is arrested when he admits that he shot down his daughter when she tried to elope with the man she loved. There’s obviously a back story, even if it’s a silly one, to give a motive for the honour killing.
Jagapati Babu has three daughters and a village foe taunts him that his daughters would grow up and elope, bringing him dishonour. Jagapati Babu almost tears apart his foe’s right ear and vouches that if his girls were to elope, he’d gun them down or have his own ears chopped off. The first two daughters are given off, as it is deemed honourably, in arranged marriages, and the youngest daughter (Rakul Preet) is an intermediate student.
In a situation where one can think logically, questions would arise as to why a father can’t put a foe in place than allowing himself to be cornered to prove the worthiness of his daughters. But this is a masala film where even this is used as an excuse for comedy.
Raju (Manchu Manoj) is a village wastrel who heads an association for youngsters called VIP; he has a crush on school teacher Sunny (Sunny Leone) and uses student Kavita (Rakul Preet) as a messenger. Madam Sunny has other plans and gradually, love blossoms between Raju and Rakul. In the mean time, Raju has done everything possible to earn the wrath of Jagapati Babu.
All the talk of daughters being no less than sons and the importance of parents understanding their children happens at the end. Before that, there’s ample time for the hero to flex his gym-toned muscles, swoon over Sunny Leone and prove he has a heart of gold even if he appears to be a wastrel. A number of gags fill up the odd spaces. One isn’t supposed to squirm if a supposedly tough guy like Jagapati Babu behaves like a lunatic when he discovers his double barrel gun is missing. He considers the gun as his eldest son!
Manchu Manoj shows considerable improvement in his performance and Rakul Preet shines through effortlessly. After Venkatadri Express and Loukyam, she gets enough screen time to prove herself. Even though it appears clichéd that the hero would fall for her after seeing her in a sari and not in a school uniform, there’s no denying that Rakul rises above the limitations of her stereotyped role. Sunny Leone hasn’t been signed for her acting chops. She amps up the glamour quotient and brings the house down when she walks away with Sampoornesh Babu. Jagapati Babu, though stuck in a mostly-brooding partly-comic role, lights up the screen.
A special mention goes to Prudhvi who plays the ageing bachelor whose luck runs out on the wedding mandap so often.Watch Current Theega if all you want is some silly fun.
Bottomline: A regular masala flick laced with comedy.

Old repressions  new tyranniesUpdated: October 30, 2014 01:16 IST
Old repressions, new tyrannies
politics
Majoritarian definitions of the world can articulate old repressions, once illegitimate, into new tyrannies. Narendra Modi has acquired an electoral majority but this new majority seeks a redress of old scores
Sometimes after a day’s work is over, when the TV is switched off and newspapers lie forgotten, one sits quietly and rethinks, reviewing the day in the mind’s eye. This ritual is a very powerful form of editorialising. One is no longer a spectator because one is now evaluating and judging news, exploring deeper connections and long-range consequences. The immediacy of first impressions gives way to the greyness of connectivities, and knee-jerk optimism to anxiety of an unarticulated kind.
I feel this particularly when I watch Narendra Modi as a person and as a phenomenon. There is a celebration around the man, an expectation, a sense of anticipation of the future. Every word he re-coins or popularises, from development to governance, sounds aspirational. One is hopeful about his programmes on punctuality, cleanliness, of reforming that colonial attic we call Indian law. Yet, viewed as backstage, as a narrative, as an emerging discourse, Mr. Modi appears to unleash a backlog of fears and repressions which, when combined with the violence of the new, frightens me.
Secularism and the majority
Fear is not always specific but it does not become less real because of that. Ten years ago, one was concerned about his now whitewashed role in the Gujarat riots; today, one worries about a deeper scenario of violence. I have six connected reasons of why I fear Mr. Modi. This essay is about what the philosopher Hans Jonas would call a heuristics of fear about Mr. Modi. Heuristics, as Jonas pointed out, can point us to the unsayable, even the as yet unimaginable.
“Mr. Modi, the majority feels, has liberated India from the hypocrisy of secularism.”
One has to admit that one’s earlier sureties about democracy might be wrong. Democracy still works for me but I sense electoral democracy can turn pathological. Majoritarian definitions of the world can articulate old repressions, once illegitimate, into new tyrannies. Mr. Modi has acquired an electoral majority but this new majority seeks a redress of old scores. This majority feels that years of appeasement have spoilt minorities and it now wants a redress on its terms. For decades, the silent majority had to suppress its sense of religion, folklore to adjust to a secular modernist space. Today, it treats those categories with contempt. Mr. Modi, the majority feels, has liberated India from the hypocrisy of secularism. At these moments, the majority voices the need to reassert itself, creating a more defined intolerance for minorities.
This situation has explosive possibilities. Michael Mann, in a classic study of Africa, has shown that instabilities of electoral democracy have led to genocide, where one side decides that electoralism is fragile and opts for exterminism. One tries to eliminate rather than subdue the opponent. The opponent from rival becomes the enemy to be eliminated.
No plural space
To the logic of electoral democracy, one has to add the whole baggage of Hindu-Muslim relationships. Today, many a Muslim does not feel to be a part of India; he feels electoral majorities are detrimental to him. This creates a quality of suspicion and paranoia where neither side recognises the possibility of fairness in the other. Take the Kashmir flood. The Indian Army did remarkable work and yet separatists treated it as an army of occupation. The Kashmiri Pandits, who for years suffered in silence, now lash out at the Indian liberals for sidelining them. Suddenly there is no open, plural space to look at suffering or injustice. India is being haunted by pre-emptive scripts. In the wake of the defeat of the Congress, India has suddenly woken up to a huge number of suppressed histories. One has to ask whether what the army did to the Kashmiris or to Manipur was right for a civilised society. Did we carry out mini-Vietnams in the name of security and the nation state? This rise of the new regime confronts us with two sets of problems. First, the minorities feel deeply suspicious of the electoral logic of victory. Second, marginal groups which had little role in Delhi are asking what their future is in the new Modi mainstream. What does development offer these various groups? Neither margin nor minority is part of the mainstream group and development on its own may have little to make them aspirational. Aspiration needs faith in the frame, politically and economically, and we have little to offer to these groups.
Acts of depoliticisation
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) through its acts of appropriation and rewriting history is turning history into a fragile object. Every emerging party has a right to challenge history to redress old wrongs but rewriting can become sinister. One sees it in the sanitisation of Mahatma Gandhi.
Gandhi was a great dissenter, a subversive mind, who challenged modernity to dream the dream of alternative societies. The BJP and the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS), both of which are modernising, nationalist groups, never felt at home with him. Now in power, the BJP is seeking to make Gandhi more digestible. The BJP’s modernisation schemes, especially its emphasis on security, would be antithetical to Gandhi. They therefore seek to domesticate him by reducing him to a fragment, to little discourses about drainage, sanitation and cleanliness. Gandhi is reduced to textbook civics and social work, to a civics without ethics or politics. It is one of the most profound acts of depoliticisation. Gandhi, as the little dream of the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) temporarily showed, can outshadow the BJP. In domesticating Gandhi into its framework of governance, the BJP is settling scores with its great opponent, by reducing him to a little social worker. At a deeper level, it does not see that jihad is incompatible with satyagraha.
One can understand this better when one watches the BJP’s semiotics of security and the strongman. In seeking to create an inflationary idea of Sardar Patel, a statue bigger than the Statue of Liberty is being installed. It is prussianising the Indian state, creating a machismo around governance and security which was antithetical to Gandhi. Gandhi was a strong leader but whose content of leadership came from an ethics of conviction. He did not need the paraphernalia of the state to create a strong leadership. The BJP’s depoliticising of leadership and its gargantuan-ising of Sardar Patel has to be seen as part of the false myths it is creating. The strength of Sardar lay in curbing his ego and working with Nehru. The BJP does not have the strength to show such leadership. Gandhi and the giant of Bardoli are empty hoardings to the BJP. Let me emphasise that it is the depoliticisation of history, the dwarfing of Gandhi into boy scout virtues, that makes the BJP both appear virtuous while it eats into the power of alternative imaginations which can threaten its legitimacy.
Need for dominance
The BJP talks of governance as if it is a new magic of management and yet its sense of governance clashes with its sense of democracy. Democracy is a network of citizenship, entitlements and institutions and while the BJP talks about laws, it does not seem clear about 1) federalism and 2) about the plurality of party systems in a democracy. Its need for dominance is becoming a need for one-party dominance, an RSS dream of one party dominating the next decades like the Congress once did. This can be dangerous to democracy as it stands, when Opposition parties are weak or internally divisive. The party system needs to survive with alternatives. This, the BJP impetus to dominance is seeking to stem. The BJP, unlike the Congress, has never been a collection of coalitions. Therefore, the trend to uniformity is potent. We face two dangers. Our institutions, federal or party-wise, have few brakes to offer. Dissent has simultaneously become sedition, minimising any sense of opposition. This trend to a uniformitarian India needs to be desperately resisted.
While most parties are in disarray, the media seem to have lined up quietly behind Mr. Modi. This reflects the faith of corporate groups which are household names, in his pro-liberal reforms. It also reflects the growing control of a few corporations of the media. As a result, when Mr. Modi and Arvind Subramanian announce their labour reforms, the corporations wax enthusiastic but almost no one reports the silence of the trade unions. The silence of the media that is so often talked about is of two types. There is first the distance of the regime from journalists who cannot thrive without the previous regime’s climate of gossip and speculation about power and policy. There is also both an absence of debate and dissent in the media. Its corporate bosses prefer the new “climate of consensus” but one has to ask if this is real. How long will it take for silences to rip open and reveal power of dissent? Between the RSS, the corporations, the new Hindu Right, a cultural flattening is happening. Initially it looked like an upsurge but now one senses the flattening of cultural idiosyncrasy and the growing intolerance to any difference or dissent.
Finally, one has to look at the India beyond and realise that the diaspora, like the Hindu majority, had been repressed. It felt that the image of India was as weak, dirty, third world, as a sibling which did not display the diaspora’s sense of culture and hard work. Now with Mr. Modi, the diaspora is flexing its muscles in India and abroad. The event at Madison Square Garden was a signal that the diaspora is ready to back Mr. Modi and play his dictatorial double. A certain idea of India has become dominant, and in many ways it is pretentious in its inclusiveness. Yet, as one draws a scenario of such forces — a nationalist diaspora, a weak party system, a silent media, a majoritarian democracy, a vulnerable minority — one realises that democracy faces threats from within. The question is whether India has the imagination to sense the ironies and paradoxes it is currently creating and combating them in the future.
(Shiv Visvanathan is a professor at Jindal School of Government and Public Policy.)

So much more than HollywoodUpdated: October 30, 2014 17:46 IST
So much more than Hollywood
ARYANIL MUKHERJEE
Special arrangement Mark Cousins with Sharmila Tagore
TOPICS
World cinema
Documentary filmmaker Mark Cousins talks about why he thinks world cinema is about more than just Hollywood.
Mark Cousins is a document tary filmmaker, author, curator and wanderer. His documentary titled ‘The Story of Film: An Odyssey’ sought to change the American-West European hegemony over film history and present a truly inclusive chronicle of more than 100 years of world cinema.
Excerpts from the interview:
The documentary is a lofty project made with a monstrous ambition. What’s particularly amazing is a certain audacity with which it was conceived. What was the source of this ambition and courage?
Anger. I was angry that many of the histories of cinema don’t mention, for example, Guru Dutt, or Safi Faye, Senegal’s great director, or Forough Farroukhzad, the pioneering Iranian director. Too many film histories are racist by omission. To balance the anger was love. A love of the medium of film and a strong desire to share that love. And finally, for years now when I’ve been asked for advice by young filmmakers, my answer has been two words: “aim high”. I took my own advice.
A lot of the talk, both laudatory and critical, has been about the perspectival tone of ‘The Story of Film’, which you have clarified as counter-racist. Something that celebrates the position of innovative cinema in the ‘underleaf’ world instead of being guided by Hollywood and European art cinema. Could you talk a bit about this?
It makes me laugh to see the white, Anglo film world objecting to being only part of the story of film rather than its main melody. Their own lack of curiosity, their self absorption, or, at its worst, supremacism, makes them reluctant to cede ground. They are like the old Empire mongers. In ‘The Story of Film’, American cinema receives about a third of the screen time, which I think is what it deserves — more than any other country because US cinema has been so great for so long. Still, some of them want more. It’s the “rest of the world” mentality, the “Best Foreign Language” mentality: That the cinema of all the other continents can somehow be bundled together into one category. You get the same binary idea in Indian cinema. People think that it is either Hindi cinema or Satyajit Ray when, of course, it is multi-polar.
Indian cinema appears in about four chapters of The Story of Film. Tell us a bit about your research?
I watched a lot of films. I knew I needed to interview some people who had been part of the very diverse bits of the behemoth that’s Indian cinema, so Sharmila Tagore was a joy and it was great to meet Javed Akhtar (though he seemed reluctant to participate). I knew I wanted to look at Gulzar and Guru Dutt, and that Ritwik Ghatak was key. As my theme was innovation, I didn’t get into the star system in India (we include Bachchan because of the sort of character he played in ‘Sholay’). I read around the subject, about Indian literature, about the Naxalites, etc. I wish I had done more on Indian documentaries (the brilliant Anand Patwardhan, for eg.). I am no expert on Indian cinema, but I pride myself on knowing more than most white Europeans!
You referred to a scene in ‘Sant Tukaram’ and commented that such cinematic techniques predated Italian Neo-Realism. If an Indian film critic made that observation, it would be cursorily dismissed by both Western and home-grown experts. Were you aware that you were offering not just a new perspective on world cinema but one that at times empowers these “other” cinemas?
Yes. But I didn’t make that point as a provocation or to boost early Indian cinema beyond its merits. My comment is evidence based. We can see elements of new realism in the film — elements that do predate Italian Neo-Realism. My confidence in making such an assertion comes in part from my suspicion of the received opinion and the conventional histories of cinema. We have no problem in saying that Indian temple architecture or the paintings at Ajanta and Ellora caves are world class and have a place in art history, so why not ‘Sant Tukaram’?
It was heartening to see the film discuss Ray, Guru Dutt, Ritwik Ghatak… I understand ‘Kagaaz ke Phool’ is one of your personal favourites. Tell us a bit about what appeals most to you about these film-makers.
Where Hindi cinema is often about a romantic nowhere, Ray’s cinema is rooted. Think of the subtle depiction of class in ‘Aranyer Dinratri’, think of that house in ‘Devi’. Acuity is the word for him; he notices so much. Then there’s his brilliant graphic sense, the geometry of images. Then there’s the rhythm, the musicality of the films. Place-graphics-musicality — there’s a poetics to his films.
Yes, I love ‘Kagaaz ke Phool’. Those in the West who revere Vincente Minnelli should see Dutt’s movies, but I always think of him as Wellesean too — the epic scale, the elegy, the lost worlds, the writing-directing. Sometimes, he reminds me of John Garfield.
As for Ghatak, it’s the passion in him, the rage. He takes on the tragedy of his times, like Pasolini did in Italy and Sam Peckinpah did in America. These filmmakers register on the Richter scale. They show us that an earthquake is happening. Ghatak was also so innovative. His sci-fi sound, his spikey editing, his embracing of many genres and tones — melodrama, realism, modernism within a single film. I adore his work. I think Ghatak’s tide is rising.
You have said that ‘The Story of Film’ burned you in some ways; that you don’t want to go back to making this kind of documentary. Could you explain that?
I make films about various things — neo-Nazism, cities, walking, Iran... Cinema is one of the things that I am passionate about. I am delighted that people like ‘The Story of Film’, but often I meet people who think it’s the only thing I’ve made. For me, it was a big, enriching sideline.

Rupee snaps four-day fall  rises on capital inflowsForex Update: Rupee closes 9 paise higher against dollar at 61.36
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 31, 2014  | 23:39 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The rupee continued to rule listless throughout the week, but snapped its four-day of losing string to end higher by nine paise at 61.36 against the Greenback on record breaking local equities amid heavy capital inflows.
Fresh dollar selling by exporters and some banks also aided the rupee rise while strong dollar overseas kept the rupee rise under check.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the local unit commenced better at 61.39 a dollar from previous close of 61.45 and was trapped in a narrow range of 61.33 and 61.4450 before settling at 61.36, showing a rise of nine paise or 0.15 pct.
In straight four days, the rupee has dipped by 18 paise or 0.3 per cent.
The Indian benchmark S&P BSE Sensex on Friday zoomed by 519.5 points or 1.90 per cent to end at new peak of 27,865.83 while FPIs/ FIIs injected $235.97 mln yesterday, as per Sebi data.
The dollar index was up by 0.46 pct against its major global rivals. The gains came in the wake of a statement from the Federal Reserve that suggested growing confidence in the economic recovery, even as central bankers promised to keep benchmark interest rates near zero for a considerable period.
Mr. Pramit Brahmbhatt, CEO, Veracity Group said,"Rupee continues to trade in a tight range but ended higher. The month end dollar demand nullified the positive effect of strong local equities which closed at all time high for the second consecutive day. "
Rupee movement was checked by the strong Dollar index which is trading at $86.51 and is heading towards to post its second weekly gain in a row. The trading range for the Spot rupee is expected to be within 60.00 to 61.80.
In the forwards market, premium ended steady to better on stray payments by banks and corporates.
The benchmark six-month premium payable in March almost stable at 191-192.5 paise from 191-193 paise while far-forward contracts maturing in September, 2015 rose to 422-424 paise from 417.5-419.5 paise previously.
The Reserve Bank of India fixed the reference rate for dollar at 61.4080 and for the Euro at 77.1899.
The rupee improved further against the pound to 98.23 from overnight close of 98.32 and also remained firm to end at 77.22 per euro from 77.37. It too shot up to 54.95 per 100 Japanese yen from 56.38.

ITC Q2 net profit surges 8.72% to Rs 2 425.16 crITC Q2 net profit surges by 8.72 per cent to Rs 2,425.16 crore
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 31, 2014  | 13:29 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
ITC, the home-grown conglomerate , on Friday reported an 8.72 per cent increase in its standalone net profit to Rs 2,425.16 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2014.
The FMCG major had registered a net profit of Rs 2,230.53 crore in the corresponding quarter of the previous 2013-14 fiscal.
ITC's standalone total income during the reporting quarter also surged by 14.76 per cent to Rs 9,023.74 crore, compared to Rs 7,862.53 crore in the same period of FY14, the company said in a filing to the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).
The company's scrip was trading at Rs 355.25 a piece on the BSE during the afternoon trade, up 0.11 per cent from its previous close.

Union Bank registers 78% jump in Q2 profitUnion Bank registers 78 per cent jump in Q2 profit
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 31, 2014  | 15:03 IST
Photo: Reuters
Public sector Union Bank of India on Friday reported a 78.4 per cent rise in net profit at Rs 371.34 crore for the second quarter ended September 30.
The bank had a net profit of Rs 208.12 crore in the July-September quarter of 2013-14 fiscal.
Net interest income for the quarter rose by 6.7 per cent to Rs 2,085 crore, from Rs 1,954 crore in the year ago period, Union Bank said in a filing to the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).
Gross non-performing assets (NPA) as a percentage of total advances stood at 4.69 per cent as on September September 2014, against 3.64 per cent in September 2013.
Net interest margin stood at Rs 2.60 per cent in the September quarter.
Total income rose to Rs 8,754.69 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2014, from Rs 7,882.29 crore in the year ago period.
Shares of Union Bank were trading at Rs 223.15, down 0.47 per cent over previous close on the BSE at 2:39 pm.

BJP dares Azam Khan to ban RSS in Uttar PradeshBy: Press Trust of India | Lucknow | Posted: October 31, 2014 3:36 pm
Days after Uttar Pradesh Minister Azam Khan wrote a letter to Union Home Ministry against the RSS, BJP on Friday dared him to ban the outfit in the state.
“It seems that Khan is losing his mental balance. He has his government in the state. If he has the guts, then he should ban RSS,” BJP state President Laxmi Kant Bajpai told reporters here.
“Why is he telling the Centre? His party is in power in the state, then he should sign an order,” he said.
Bajpai was commenting on Khan’s letter to Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh regarding RSS.
Terming RSS view that all citizens of the country were Hindus as against the basic spirit of the Constitution, Khan had on October 28 asked Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh to take serious note of it.
In the letter, Khan drew the attention of the Union Minister to a statement made by RSS’ All India Publicity In-Charge Manmohan Vaidya on October 16 terming every citizen of India as a Hindu and said that such comments were harmful for the country’s national unity and brotherhood.
“According to me this is not only harmful to the amity and brotherhood but is also in a way against the spirit of the Constitution. It has also led to fear among the minority Muslims that their rights might be taken away anytime,” Azam had said.

Govt considers ban on e-cigarettes  single smokesGovt considering imposing ban on e-cigarettes, sale of single smokes
Aditya Kalra        Last Updated: October 31, 2014  | 16:51 IST
Govt considers ban on e-cigs, single smokes
The government is considering a ban on electronic cigarettes over the risks to public health that they may cause, a senior Health Ministry official told Reuters.
The World Health Organization (WHO) in August called for stiff regulation of e-cigarettes as well as bans on indoor use, in the latest bid to control the booming US $3 billion global market.
Such devices use battery-powered cartridges to produce a nicotine-laced vapour but there is a lack of long-term scientific research that confirms they are safe. Some critics fear they could lead to nicotine addiction and tobacco smoking.
"We see it as a backdoor entry, it doesn't have tobacco but it has nicotine," said the official, who declined to be named because of the sensitivity of the matter.
"Expert panels have recommended regulation or a ban. India cannot regulate easily," the official said, adding that the government would consider the ban in the next month or two.
The European Union has agreed to requirements around advertising and packaging to ensure the safety and quality of e-cigarettes . The United States Food and Drug Administration has proposed banning sales to anyone under 18.
Up to 900,000 of the country's citizens die every year of tobacco-related diseases, and that number could reach 1.5 million by 2020 if users do not kick the habit, the International Tobacco Control Project estimates.
The government led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi is taking several steps to curb the country's tobacco consumption. It has increased taxes on tobacco products and ordered companies to print more health warnings on packages.
SINGLE BAN?
While most e-cigarettes are imported and sold by small firms, the country's largest cigarette maker ITC started selling the devices in August.
The FMCG conglomerate did not comment directly on the likely ban, but said the country should not be left behind in technology development of such products.
The government has also proposed a ban on the sale of single conventional cigarettes. The official said the ministry had proposed amendments to tobacco control laws and a Cabinet note had been circulated for comments.
The country's citizens smoked more than 100 billion cigarettes in 2012, according to Euromonitor International, and it is common for vendors to sell them individually.
WHO's Framework Convention on Tobacco Control states that countries "shall endeavour" to prohibit such sales as it makes them more affordable for minors. The country is a party to the convention.
A single cigarette costs about Rs 10 (16 cents) in the national capital, compared with a pack of 20 that costs Rs 190 ($3).
ITC declined to comment on the proposed ban. However, industry body Tobacco Institute of India (TII) said, the proposed law would not be easily enforceable and would lead to retailers being harassed.

Mahindra & Mahindra Q2 PAT down 4.33% at Rs 946.63 croreE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

New Maharashtra govt  Centre to unveil projects for developing Mumbais defunct portlandGadkari held a meeting with the head of the expert land development committee appointed by him three months ago as well as with the Mumbai Post Trust (MbPT) chairman. (Source: PTI)
Written by Shalini Nair | Mumbai | Posted: October 31, 2014 5:06 pm
With a BJP government assuming office in Maharashtra, the new state government and the Centre are set to unveil one of the biggest showcase projects for the country’s financial capital Mumbai with plans for developing 1800 acres of defunct port trust land along the city’s eastern coastline.
The political expediency, to set in motion these ambitious plans as soon as the new government gets down to business in the state, is apparent from the fact that this week Nitin Gadkari, Union Minister for Shipping and Transport, held a meeting relating to this with the head of the expert land development committee appointed by him three months ago as well as with the Mumbai Post Trust (MbPT) chairman, according to people with direct knowledge of the issue.
The expert panel’s draft report, which will be submitted to the central minister soon after including Gadkari’s feedback, paves the way for decongesting Mumbai of its heavy traffic and infusing vast swathes of green open spaces. The draft report also provides for three additional north-south mass rapid transit corridors and dedicated zones meant for entertainment, heritage-ecology conservation, businesses and employment generation. He further suggested that more land should be released for development, if necessary, by curtailing the loss making bulk cargo operations while continuing with the profitable offshore oil and petroleum transport.
According to sources, the Central government will amend the Major Port Trusts Act, 1963, so as to allow the MbPT to diversify its activities beyond port operations to include land development. The amendment will also make way for setting up a Mumbai Port Land Development Authority (MPLDA) that will be in-charge of actualizing the conceptual plans sketched out by the panel.
The under-utilized 28 km-long stretch of land, from Colaba to Wadala in South Mumbai, is the largest land mass to made available for development in densely populated and land-starved Mumbai since it lost out on an opportunity to capitalize on 600 acres of erstwhile mill land plots more than a decade ago. “If port operations are rationalized as per the ministry’s suggestions, it will free anywhere between 1200 and 1400 acres of land in Mumbai,” said a panel member.
The Union minister is believed to have agreed to most of the options presented by the panel in its draft report. The panel’s suggestions includes creating a Bus Rapid Transport System, Metro rail and inter and intra-city water transport project along the stretch. These three proposed modes would be connected to the existing north south transport corridors, namely central, harbour and western railways, through intermodal transport.
As against the existing 0.85 per cent open space, the panel has suggested that 30 per cent of total land be reserved for continued…

Amitabh Bachchan pot-bellied look for Piku releasedBy: Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: October 31, 2014 5:03 pm
‘Piku’ explores the father and daughter relationship between Bachchan’s and his onscreen daughter, played by
Deepika Padukone.
The much-awaited look of Amitabh Bachchan in ‘Piku’ was released today where the megastar is seen sporting a pot-bellied look. In the film, directed by Shoojit Sircar, the 72-year-old actor is portraying the role of an aged father.
‘Piku’ explores the father and daughter relationship between Bachchan’s and his onscreen daughter, played by
Deepika Padukone. Bachchan recently finished the first leg of the shooting and is looking forward to the second schedule in Kolkata.
“I see some cut and edited scenes from ‘Piku’ with Shoojit as we discuss the next schedule in Kolkata, Delhi and
Gujarat, a longish outdoor. Kolkata shall bring back old memories of my seven year stint as an executive in a Company .. It shall bring back the films shot there,” Bachchan had posted on his blog.
Also starring Irrfan Khan in a pivotal role, the film is expected to hit theatres on April 30, 2015.
‘Piku’ marks Sircar and Bachchan’s second film collaboration after ‘Shoebite’, which is still unreleased.

Bigg Boss 8: Upen Patel punishesGautamUpen chooses to reward Sushant and punishes Gautam.
By: Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: October 31, 2014 4:55 pm
It’s a brand new day in the controversial ‘Bigg Boss’ house and today the spotlight is on none other than Gautam.
New captain of the house, Upen Patel seems to be performing his task smoothly. The housemates are seen obeying him more readily than they did with their previous captain, Ali Quli Mirza. Upen Patel tries hard to make peace between Gautam and Praneet, Ali and Sonali, but finds himself caught as Bigg Boss asks him to be the decision maker for the Judgement Day task.
Upen is told to select one person whom he wants to reward with something good and one person whom he wants to punish according to their performance in the luxury budget task, ‘Phone Booth’. He chooses to reward Sushant and punishes Gautam.
Later in the evening, Bigg Boss Ki Adaalat task is introduced. A courtroom is set up in the garden area where every contestant is summoned by Pritam who is appointed as the host of the activity. Pritam starts the task with Diandra followed by Gautam, Praneet, Sonali and the rest.
The contestants are faced with some serious accusations, right Diandra being asked as to why she is abusive and short tempered while serving food to Puneet and getting accused of being the biggest manipulator and Gautam being called an attention seeker.
How are the contestants going to take this?

Devendra Fadnavis swears-in | He catapulted to power by fellow swayamsevak ModiDevendra Fadnavis sworn in as first BJP CM of Maharashtra
PTI Oct 31, 2014, 04.38PM IST
Tags:
Amit Shah
(Reaching out to a sulking…)
NEW DELHI: Becoming the first BJP Chief Minister of Maharashtra, Devendra Fadnavis was on Friday sworn-in as the CM of the state at Wankhede stadium. A 10-member BJP ministry led by Devendra Fadnavis was sworn-in.
Shiv Sena Chief Uddhav Thackeray agreed to attend the swearing-in ceremony after a last-minute call from BJP President Amit Shah inviting him to the event.
Reaching out to a sulking Shiv Sena, Shah's call to Uddhav came a day after the Sena announced its boycott of the grand swearing-in ceremony of Fadnavis on grounds of its "constant humiliation" by BJP over government formation in Maharashtra.
Fadnavis is also understood to have called up Thackeray requesting his presence at the event this evening.
BJP had sent out invites to Shiv Sena chief Thackeray, NCP chief Sharad Pawar and former Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan for the event.
Amidst uncertainty over Shiv Sena's role in the formation of the new government in Maharashtra, the party yesterday said its leaders would not attend Fadnavis' swearing-in.
Shiv Sena also provided covering fire to BJP from criticism for organising a lavish event, saying the ceremony will "wash off sins" of the previous government.
"You (Congress and NCP) have looted Maharashtra in your 15-year-rule and siphoned off thousands of crores of public money. If you are now speaking about a huge amount of money being spent on the oath-taking ceremony, it is nothing but hilarious," the Sena said in an editorial in its mouthpiece 'Saamana'.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Alstom ex-India MD accused of bribing DMRC o...Alstom
(A former managing director…)
LONDON: A former managing director of Alstom Transport India will face two counts of corruption in court here on Monday for allegedly bribing Delhi Metro officials.
Robert Hallett had been named as the first person to face charges in connection with the Serious Fraud Office's (SFO) bribery investigation into the UK subsidiary of the French train and turbine giant.
According to court documents seen by the Financial Times newspaper, the SFO accuses Hallett of paying the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation 3.1 million euros and Rs 19.9 million (257,000 euros) "as inducements or rewards for showing favour to the Alstom group in relation to the award or performance of a contract".
However, the individuals at Delhi Metro have not been named in the document.
The 51-year-old former senior manager of Alstom UK will appear before Westminster Magistrate's Court on Monday when a preliminary hearing date will be fixed.
Hallett is one of several people, including French and Swiss nationals, to have received warning from the SFO earlier this year that it intended to charge them as a result of the agency's five-year probe into Alstom's dealings, in which Indian authorities have reportedly cooperated.
Alstom Network UK already faces six counts of conspiracy and corruption brought by the SFO.
The agency accuses the industrial conglomerate of paying bribes to officials totalling more than 6 million euros to secure transport contracts in New Delhi, Tunis and Warsaw via sham consultancy agreements.
A case management hearing will now take place at Southwark Crown Court on January 28, 2015, and the deadline for evidence to be submitted to the court is November 18.
The SFO investigation commenced as a result of information provided by the Office of the Attorney General in Switzerland concerning the Alstom Group, in particular Alstom Network UK Limited.
The UK's financial watchdog had filed charges back in July.
The alleged agreements were struck by Alstom Network UK, certain directors and others with Indo European Ventures and Global King Technology in India, SagaxEngineering Limited and Kavan BV in Poland and Construction et Gestion NEVCO in Tunisia, according to SFO court filings.
France-based Alstom group stressed that the charges related to past misconduct.
"The company has been in communication with the SFO and seeks no more than a fair and appropriate resolution of the allegations made," a spokesperson said.
If convicted, Alstom Network UK faces fines or a ban from competing for public contracts in the European Union.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Allstate s tech business in India grows to 600 workersAllstate's tech business in India grows to 600 workers
Allstate
Joe Raedle / Getty Images
An Allstate insurance company sign is seen outside one of its stores in Miami, Florida.
An Allstate insurance company sign is seen outside one of its stores in Miami, Florida. (Joe Raedle / Getty Images)
Allstate on hiring spree in India, grows to 600 tech workers in Bangalore
8 percent of Allstate spending made with minority, women, veteran, gay firms
Allstate Corp.'s technology unit in Bangalore, India, continued to go on a hiring spree last year, growing to 600 employees in 2013 from 200 the prior year.
  Open link
An update on the enterprise, which was started in 2012 with 57 employees as a way to keep technology costs down, was highlighted in the Northbrook-based company's recently released 78-page annual corporate responsibility report. It detailed everything from how much the home and auto insurer has reduced energy and employee paper consumption (11 percent and 17 percent, respectively, in one year) to how much it spends with businesses owned by minorities, women, veterans, and lesbians, gays, bisexuals and transgender individuals.
Allstate spent 8.3 percent of its procurement budget in 2013 with businesses owned by such individuals, up from 6.6 percent in 2012. Its goal is to allocate 9 percent of its spending with those groups by 2015.
The company also discussed new efforts by its "quantitative research and analytics team" to use big data to help identify and prevent claims fraud.
0
Allstate gathers loads of data about the types, amounts and frequency of claims, through its own claims reporting records as well as external data, and it continually analyzes the information to identify potentially fraudulent claims. In fact, the California Department of Insurance recently requested a demonstration of how Allstate slices and dices the data, the company said in its report.
Allstate said such "predictive modeling algorithms" were first used in such high-fraud states as New York and Florida, but are now being used nationwide.
The quantitative team, it said, is now working on models that will help root out fraud by individuals by seeking out connections like phone numbers, post office boxes and other details to identify multiple claims that seem linked.
Allstate also mentioned that it helped launch, as previously reported, a $50 million multiyear program to combat violence in Chicago. Allstate said it made "an early $5 million, multiyear commitment" to the effort.
Aging concerns
The potential for auto accidents should be on the radar of organizations and businesses that cater to an elderly population, according to the 2014 Aging Services Claims Report published Wednesday by Chicago-based commercial insurer CNA.
"Aging services organizations," including nursing homes, assisted living facilities and retirement communities, are "experiencing a significant increase in automobile accidents involving employee drivers and resident passengers," CNA said.
Its 51-page report notes that, until recently, CNA had experienced only one aging services auto claim for $1 million.
As of the report's publication data, there were three claims pending against CNA customers that are expected to reach or exceed $1 million.
It theorizes that distracted driving, including the use of hands-free headsets, is a factor.

Are smart cities good options for investorsStory
Stay Smart
We give you a peek into the proposed smart cities and how they are expected to perform as investment destinations
Renu Yadav      Follow @MoneyRenu    Edition: October 2014
Picture for representation only. (Source: Reuters)
Smart phones have changed the way we live. From a tool for just voice and text communication, they have become the centre of one's life. Now, you can access internet to connect with others, watch movies, pay bills or carry out bank transactions from anywhere. A similar sea-change can be expected from the 100 smart cities that the government plans to build in the country. These state-of-the art cities will use technology to make life of its citizens more organised and less stressful.
Even as the government is working on the plan, a few smart cities are already coming up across the country. These include Kochi Smart City, Gujarat International Finance Tec-City (GIFT) in Ahmedabad, Naya Raipur in Chhattishgarh and Wave Infratech's 4,500-acre smart city near New Delhi.
We look at what these offer to know what the 100 planned cities may look like. Plus, we analyse if it makes sense to buy property in these places and how these projects have impacted property prices in and around the areas where they are coming up.
EXPLAINING SMART CITY
Smart cities are defined by extensive use of technology to make life simpler and more comfortable, while being friendly to the environment. They are a solution to problems that residents of Indian cities face due to poor planning and maintenance.
"In a smart city, infrastructure and amenities such as water, sanitation, energy, transport, public safety, education and health care are integrated and managed through technology for efficient governance and delivery," says Abhilesh Babel, joint-CEO, Realty and Social Infrastructure, Feedback Infra, an infrastructure advisory firm.
"The essential features include smart parking and traffic management, smart grids, smart lighting, efficient waste management, etc," says Shivanand Samant, CEO, Supreme Housing.
BANKING ON TECHNOLOGY
A smart city uses information and communication technology to provide public services more efficiently. "Integral to a smart city is information technology, where a network of sensors, cameras, wireless devices and data centres form the key infrastructure for providing services," says Vishal Malik, director, Coldwell Banker India, a property brokerage.
Data are made available on a real-time basis for better planning and making policies which are forward-looking and help in sustainable development.
"A smart city runs on technology-be it electricity, water, sanitation, waste recycling or transport. The aim is to use data to provide effective solutions to residents," says Amar Sinha, executive director, Wave Infratech.
Internationally, many cities have used technology for efficient use of resources. Barcelona is a case in point. The city's 2012 master plan includes projects such as remote control of street lighting and fountains and a programme that includes remote watering of the city's green spaces.
The UAE is building a city, Masdar City, in Abu Dhabi, which will be a carbon-neutral and zero-waste city.
INDIAN INITIATIVES
Gujarat International Finance Tec-City (GIFT), Ahmedabad, to be developed over 900 acres, is billed to be one of the country's first smart cities. It will feature remote management of utilities from a single command centre, use of data analytics and real-time monitoring of services. It will provide high-quality infrastructure to woo finance and technology firms from places such as Mumbai, Bangalore and Gurgaon. It will have a special economic zone, an international education zone, integrated townships, an entertainment zone, hotels, a convention centre, an international techno park, Software Technology Parks of India units, shopping malls, stock exchanges and service units.
Kochi Smart City is another such initiative, albeit over a smaller area of 100 hectares. It has a special economic zone that seeks to replicate Dubai's smart city project.
Naya Raipur is also being built as a smart city. There are also plans to build seven smart cities along the Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridor.
Wave Infratech is building a 4,500-acre smart city on NH-24, the newest suburb of Delhi, which will be managed by a central command centre. The proposed facilities include automated traffic signals, electricity and water meters custom-made to reduce bills, buses which will send text messages to inform residents of their arrival, mechanised garbage control, fiber optic connectivity, 24X7 security, panic buttons and CCTV surveillance systems.
Modern Living
The 400-acre Amanora township in Pune seeks to integrate e-governance and security by having a dedicated internal portal and a multi-use smart card for identification, access and cashless payments. The card will also have the person's medical records for emergencies.
Besides these, there are some cities which have the potential to become smart cities. "There are some well-planned cities which can be developed into smart cities. These are Chandigarh, Jamshedpur, Noida, Navi Mumbai, parts of the Greater Bangalore region, Mahindra World City in New Chennai, Lavasa (Lavasa Group) and Aamby Valley (Sahara Group) near Pune," says Anshuman Magazine, CMD, CBRE South Asia Pvt Ltd.
Malik of Coldwell Banker adds Gandhinagar, Pune, Delhi, Thiruvananthapuram, Nagpur and Bhopal to the list.
SHOULD YOU INVEST?
Smart cities can be a good option for property investors. According to Sumit Jain, co-founder & CEO, commonfloor. com, places such as Kochi Smart City and Gift offer substantial scope for price appreciation.
"At present, prices in these cities are reasonable. The potential for price appreciation is high. But the investor must have a long time horizon," says Prashan Agarwal, co-founder, PropTiger.com.
"While these regions are considered good for investors and buyers, one must be cautious. Buyers with a short investment horizon (two-four years) must refrain from investing in these regions because most of these projects are in the implementation stage. It will take several years before they become reality. Further, site visit will give an added advantage as one has to look at on-ground realities rather than rely on promises," says Jain of commonfloor.com.
Smart gains - Amanora Township
Kochi Smart City has put life in the region's dull real estate market. "Kakkanad, where the city is coming up, witnessed big land deals, and prices shot up considerably. With construction under way, the region has seen steady price appreciation over the past few years. This is in contrast to other areas in the city where there has been a price correction. After a dull period in 2013, demand from the IT/ITeS sector is picking up, and one can expect 30-40% price appreciation over the next three years," says Jain.
GIFT, currently under construction, has also had a considerable impact on prices in and around the area. Prices of apartments there are Rs 3,000-5,000 per sq ft. Certain localities in Ahmedabad such as Valad, Urjanagar and Chandkheda have seen good price appreciation (as much as 30-40% annually). Going forward, one may expect 10-15% annual price rise, says Jain.
Smart gains - Wave city, Palava City
In Wave City, prices have risen from Rs 7,436 per sq ft in June 2012 to Rs 8,102 per sq ft in June 2014, a rise of 9%.
In Palava City, the rise has been from Rs 2,643 per sq ft in June 2010 to Rs 6,032 in June 2014, an appreciation of 128%.

SC  govt in full-blown war on tax treatiesSC directs govt to go all out on recovering black money
Harish V Nair     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 30, 2014  | 11:02 IST
Far from their tumultuous exchange in court, CJI HL Dattu and Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi interact at Justice Ranjana Desai's farewell on Wednesday. (Photo: Mail Today)
The Supreme Court on Wednesday virtually thwarted fresh attempts by the Narendra Modi government to go slow on the black money probe citing "sovereign powers to sign treaties". The court sternly asked the Centre to "just go whole hog to unearth the money" leaving other worries to the Special Investigation Team it has constituted.
The court, after receiving in a sealed cover a list of 627 Indians who had accounts in HSBC Bank, Geneva, asked the Centre to raise all its bilateral, international agreement obligation- and confidentiality clause-related grievances before the SIT which has two retired SC judges -Justices M.B. Shah and Arijit Pasayat as chairman and vicechairman respectively. The list had names, account numbers and the amount of money in each account.
The Centre told the court that more than half of those in the list are Indian residents and rest are NRIs. The court sought a status report from the SIT by November 30. Justice Shah later told a news channel that there was "nothing new" in the list, and it was the same list the SIT had been given earlier.
"We give you liberty to place all your difficulties and grievances regarding treaties and confidentiality clause before the SIT. We are confident it will have a solution to your problem," Chief Justice HL Dattu heading the special bench dealing with the black money case told Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi.
The remarks came after Rohatgi repeatedly told the bench that disclosing names of all Indian foreign bank account holders without arriving at their alleged illegality would breach confidentiality clauses in existing bilateral double taxation avoidance agreements signed by India with other countries. "We don't have anything to hide. But we only have one request. Nothing should be done by your lordships to impede the government's ability to get further information by entering into new treaties and agreements-bilateral and international-where the confidentiality clause is very binding. Revealing of information also has its impact on double taxation avoidance agreements," said Rohatgi.
To this, CJI Dattu retorted "We would not have asked for the full list of names for ourselves. But see you (Centre) started the problem by asking for a modification and clarification on order to disclose the names. Then we had a suspicion on your intention and this prompted us to ask for the list. We had earlier placed faith in the SIT. It knew its job as we have authorised them. They are not laymen."
GOVT'S PLEA
Rohatgi also informed the court that "India is also on the threshold of entering into the automatic exchange of information agreements that will give a host of information even unasked which will help nail tax evaders". He added: "Automatic exchange of information involves the systematic and periodic transmission of bulk taxpayer information by the source country to the residence country concerning various categories of income." Tax experts have already said that SC directive to share the names of overseas account holders has raised worries about India's commitment to the confidentiality clause in various tax treaties and may impact remittances from the US.
THE WORRY
Any move to make the names public without prosecution may hamper signing of the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA) with the US, which contains a confidentiality clause. In the absence of the inter-governmental agreement related to FATCA, all remittances, including payments for exports, would face a 30 per cent withholding tax, say experts.
In trying to take cover behind tax pacts it has or will have with other nations, the government has now landed between a rock-like Supreme Court and the likely hard place that will be created if any of these agreements is breached. Information flows could dry up even as the judiciary makes inroads into the executive's turf.
An interesting feature-one that makes the present battle look out of sorts-of the three known foreign account lists that is getting obfuscated in the ongoing brouhaha is that none have emerged from a tax treaty per se: The Liechenstein 26 list originated in the CD sold by computer technician Heinrich Keiber, in hiding and wanted by the Interpol now; the HSBC Geneva list of 627 comes from data stolen by insider Herve Falciani; the list of 612 is from the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists.
The sealed cover with 627 names of black money holders which also had documents containing correspondence with French authorities, names of the account holders and the status report of the probe conducted so far in black money cases were submitted in separate sealed covers by the Centre which the bench refused to open despite repeated request from the AG. "We hope this is the same list you gave to the SIT. Now that we have got the names we will send the entire list to SIT and ask them to proceed in accordance with the law. They may use the CBI or the Income Tax Department.
It is for the SIT now to make use of the documents. We don't intend to open the envelope and put people to embarrassment," said CJI Dattu.The AG submitted that some of the account holders have already admitted to having accounts and having paid taxes. Rohatgi said that details of account holders are of 2006 which were supplied by the French government to the Centre in 2011. "Most transactions in those accounts took place during 1999 and 2000 and the last date for completion and assessment in all these cases is March 31, 2015," he said, adding: "The IT Act has been amended.
Instead of six years, now the prosecution for tax evasion can be initiated up to 16 years of commission of the offence."
It's all up to the SIT now. The next hearing is on December 3, and the SIT has till March next year to complete its investigation.
THE OTHER LIST
>> Another list of 612 Indians surfaced in 2013 through databases leaked by the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists (ICIJ) on offshore investments and secret financial transactions.
>> The data was obtained by the ICIJ, which chose the Investigative Unit at La Nacion to process it and to develop the interactive application of the most ambitious cross-border investigative project in history.
>> These databases were based on transactions of two companies-Singapore-based Portcullis TrustNet and Commonwealth Trust Limited of British Virgin Islands-that have helped individuals in exploiting the low or zero tax regime of secretive tax havens to set up offshore entities.
>> The ICIJ stated that the 612 Indians had used the services of these companies to set up companies or other forms of financial structures in tax havens, or to hide their activities, mostly illegal.
Offshore Entities

Why services personnel retire early to study MBAStory
Force to Reckon With
More and more people from the services are opting out to study management and take up corporate jobs.
Arunima Mishra      Follow @Mishra_Arunima Delhi   Edition: Oct 26, 2014
'Our placement team attracted top recruiters such as Infosys, TCS, Goldman Sachs, Amazon,'  says Cdr K.P. Sanjeev Kumar, 44, in management positions ex-Navy helicopter pilot, who now works for a global helicopter services company.
Neelima Karath, 28, left the Indian Army in March 2013, after serving for six years as a Short Service Commission (SSC) officer. She joined the Armed Forces Programme (AFP) - a Ministry of Defence initiative run by the Directorate General Resettlement (DGR) - which partially sponsors courses for ex-services personnel at various management institutes.
Karath underwent the six-month MBA certificate course at the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad , which has landed her a job with global financial services giant, Goldman Sachs. Women SSC officers have a 10-year tenure - it used to be five when Karath was serving - extendable by another four years, after which they must compulsorily retire. "For SSC officers, there's no clarity about the position or role one will have after five years," she says, explaining her reasons for retiring early. She is deeply appreciative of the course she took. "It taught me finance, marketing, operations and so many other things a services person does not know."
Like Karath, an increasing number of people from the Indian Army, Navy and Air Force are opting for premature retirement to go back to school - B-school - and carve out a second career for themselves. These even include officers with permanent commissions, especially those who have completed 20 years of service and are thus eligible for pension.
FULL COVERAGE: India's Best B-Schools 2014
DGR data shows that almost 60,000 personnel of the 1.3 million-strong military retire every year, a large number of them between the ages of 32 and 46. (Figures for the number of officers who do so are not separately available.) Far from being alarmed by such attrition, the services claim to encourage it. "They retire in the national interest, which is to keep the army young," says Major General Amrik Singh, Director General, DGR. "The army is very different from the police, civil services or other civilian jobs, where people retire at 58 or 60."
These especially designed management courses - for which civilians are not eligible - began in the late 1990s, and are now being run at a host of top B-schools: IIM Ahmedabad, IIM Lucknow , XLRI Jamshedpur, Management Development Institute (MDI) Gurgaon, and Institute of Management Technology (IMT), Ghaziabad, among others. Currently, there are around 1,000 ex-service personnel attending them.
They are entitled to hostel accommodation too, just as regular students are. The tuition fee is around Rs 2 lakh, of which the DGR pays 60 per cent. "It was 380 hours of classroom teaching," says Commander K.P. Sanjeev Kumar (Retd), 44, who was a helicopter pilot with the Indian Navy for 23 years, before retiring to pursue a certificate course at IIM Ahmedabad. He now works for a global helicopter services company. "Our placement team attracted top recruiters such as TCS, Goldman Sachs, Amazon, and Infosys."
There is also the Army Institute of Management (AIM), Kolkata, which runs a full-time, two-year MBA programme with a batch size of 120, where 80 per cent of seats are reserved for wards of Army personnel. "Direct interactions with the industry and the goodwill of the institute have enabled us to have 100 per cent placement for the last two years," says Major General (Dr) S.C. Jain, (Retd), Director, AIM, Kolkata.
Indeed placement is what ultimately matters. SSC officers are better placed in this regard as they have age on their side. "The younger ones get placed first, the seniors have a little difficulty," says Daisy Chauhan, Associate Professor and Chairperson, Organisational Behaviour at MDI, who has been associated with the AFP course at MDI for many years. But that is also because the seniors are paid more. "SSC officers trying for corporate jobs are usually in the age bracket of 27 to 33 years, whose starting annual compensation package would be between Rs 12 lakh and Rs 17 lakh annually," says Sanjeev Kumar.
"The seniors, who are in the 40 to 45 age group, get between Rs 18 lakh and Rs 30 lakh." Two per cent of service personnel in his batch even chose the entrepreneurial path. Some sectors where sizeable numbers of ex-service personnel are found are logistics, human resources and operations.
'It (the MBA) taught me finance, marketing, operations - things a services person does not know,' says Neelima Karath, an ex-army officer who now works with Goldman Sachs. Photo: Nilotpal Baruah
"Their employers are mostly companies dealing in services and security," says Udit Mittal, Managing Director, Unison International, a Gurgaon-based executive search firm. "They include hospitals, hotels and companies in the supply chain and logistics business. Ex-servicemen are good at administrative roles, and can get work done systematically and with authority."
Outdoor corporate training is yet another department where they are in demand. "There has been an increase in investment in outbound training programmes by corporate houses, and ex-defence personnel have plenty of outdoor experience," says Kamal Karanth, Managing Director, India and Malaysia at global recruitment agency Kelly Services. "Hence, they are the preferred hires."
What helps placements most, however, is the reputation for discipline, punctuality, and capacity to withstand hardships the military in India enjoys. "Our experiences with ex-defence personnel have been largely positive as they bring a certain rigour to their jobs," says Prince Augustin, Executive Vice President - Group Human Capital and Leadership Development, Mahindra & Mahindra Ltd. "We have noticed that those who have been to staff college or commanded a unit tend to score as far as attitude, adaptability and performance are concerned."
Some, however, believe industry is not yet sufficiently open to these late entrants. "I feel AFP candidates should be given more prominence in the recruitment plans of big business houses," says Sanjeev Kumar. "It is a lost opportunity for them otherwise. Each one of my batch mates has led units of more than 100 men through the challenges of military life. Their energy, vigour and enterprise often astound younger candidates from regular courses."
Major General Singh says that within the next three months the DGR will start a dedicated job portal for ex-servicemen. The DGR has also signed a memorandum of understanding with industry group Confederation of Indian Industry to push the ex-services personnel's case before the corporate world. "Defence Minister Arun Jaitley at the recently concluded management conclave in Jaipur stressed that corporate houses hiring skilled ex-defence personnel would get the best of both worlds," he adds.

Here s What NYC s Subway Trains USED To Look Likereddit
In celebration of the New York City subway's 110th birthday this week, the Metropolitan Transportation Authority rolled out some vintage "nostalgia" trains along the 2/3 track between 96th Street and Times Square-42nd Street on Sunday.
There were two trains: the four-car Low Voltage train, which ran until the late 1960s, and the “Train of Many Colors," which operated from the late 1960s until 2001.
(Story continues after images)
Google also celebrated the anniversary, offering a virtual tour inside the New York Transit Museum , where you can see what the subways looked like throughout the century. Some images from the tour:
Also on HuffPost:

Delivery firms get a boost as e-commerce investments riseSumeet Chatterjee and Tripti Kalro     Mumbai/Bangalore   Last Updated: October 30, 2014  | 12:22 IST
With more than 45 per cent of Amazon's orders in the country coming from outside the top eight cities in the country, the company is looking to work with more logistics partners. (Photo: Reuters)
From Japan's richest man to Jeff Bezos, everyone wants a piece of the country's booming e-retail sector. For those without billions to pump into the tightly held firms who dominate the e-commerce segment, the best bet may be the delivery men.
On Tuesday, SoftBank Chief Executive Masayoshi Son joined Bezos' Amazon.com in pledging heavy investment in the domestic e-commerce industry, which is worth US $10 billion and is seen quadrupling in five years. Son bought stake in Snapdeal, the country's third-largest online marketplace.
Yet the little-known firms that deliver goods ordered online are already raking in rocketing earnings from online retail in the country, which has the world's third-biggest Internet user base, and they are listed. Shares in companies like Transport Corp of India and Gati have surged more than three-quarters in 2014 as industry watchers seek a chance to invest.
"When you see the limitless growth in the e-commerce sector, you do want to get involved," said Eric Mookherjee, a Paris-based fund manager at Shanti India, whose holdings include Transport Corp. "The next Alibaba or Tencent can be created in a country whose population is roughly similar to China. You will get that in India."
Nomura, the financial holdings company, estimated in a research note in July that the country's e-commerce industry could more than quadruple to US $43 billion over the next five years, driven by online retail.
Pledging to invest US $10 billion in the domestic e-retail segment in the next 10 years, SoftBank's Son on Tuesday said Snapdeal has the potential to become the country's Alibaba, the Chinese e-commerce giant that was recently listed on the New York Stock Exchange. Son is well placed to know: his fast-growing Japanese telecom and media empire is the biggest Alibaba investor.
DELIVERY OUTSOURCING A MUST
Son's move comes after the country's two biggest online retailers, the home-grown startup Flipkart.com, and Amazon's domestic business, began spending billions of dollars to secure a bigger share of the market. Though the country's Internet population is huge, e-commerce infrastructure remains relatively under-developed and ripe for huge growth.
The forecasts for future expansion, and a key role in it for third-party delivery firms, have helped push the more than $50 billion domestic logistics sector, including Gati and Transport Corp, about 80 per cent higher so far in 2014. That makes it the country's fifth-best performing major industry by the Thomson Reuters StarMine classification.
Earnings are also ramping up. Net income of Blue Dart Express and Transport Corp is expected to jump by 37 per cent and 24 per cent in this fiscal year respectively, according to Thomson Reuters' SmartEstimates, which place an emphasis on recent forecasts by top-rated analysts.
In comparison, net profit of the 30 companies in the benchmark Sensex index of the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) is expected to rise just 15 per cent on average.
As the market surges, competition for customers among e-commerce firms will see them seek to cut delivery times and expand into smaller cities. While Amazon and Snapdeal use both in-house logistics networks and external service providers, new services will see them relying increasingly on outsourcing.
"Amazon is today advertising 24-hour delivery and that's where people like us come in," said Areef Patel, executive vice-chairman of Patel Integrated Logistics, which serves Amazon India. The 24-hour delivery offer applies only to select postal codes and is not available across the country.
"We are looking to get e-commerce market share today because that's the flavour of the day," he said. Patel said his logistics firm aims to increase the portion of revenue it generates from e-commerce companies to 20-25 per cent within two to three years from the current value of 5 per cent.
With more than 45 per cent of Amazon's orders in the country coming from outside the top eight cities in the country, the company is looking to work with more logistics partners, Amazon India said.
"The biggest advantage of working with specialist logistics firms is the wide reach that they provide," said Ashish Chitravanshi, vice-president of operations at Snapdeal, speaking before the SoftBank investment was announced.
(Reuters)

Kohl s Will Open Earlier on Thanksgiving Tookohl s will open earlier on thanksgiving too
The Intercept reports that the Erik Wemple Blog was rightBy Erik Wemple October 30 Follow @ErikWemple
Glenn Greenwald (Vincent Yu/Associated Press)
In January, this blog undertook a search for leadership at First Look Media , the Pierre Omidyar-funded operation that includes the likes of Glenn Greenwald, Laura Poitras and John Cook, among others. At that time, First Look was building its organization, and people were coming on board. Without titles.
That wasn’t just an innocent omission. The First Look people were looking to non-build a horizontal news organization, one free of hierarchical nonsense in which some person with a title tells others what to do and when to do it. In an interview, First Looker Jeremy Scahill captured the ethos about the whole thing: “One of the reasons why we’re really excited about working with Pierre is that he said that he didn’t want to have a top-down model of editorial process where editors are telling reporters what to do,” said Scahill. “So we’re going to develop more of a horizontal model where editors are supporting the work of the journalists but that it’s going to be a journalism-driven website. … We’re not just trying to fill positions with people. We’re trying to bring people on board based on [a] proven track record of great journalism and trying to create a space for them where they can do that journalism without being hindered by bureaucratic institutions or processes.”
We wrote at the time: “Who’ll fire the staffer who’s been coasting since day one? Or better: Who’ll make it her business to notice the staffer who’s been coasting since day one? Who’s going to take responsibility for key tasks that have managed to slip through the horizontal cracks? Who’s going to take the calls from whiners?”
Months later, the place is a mess, as First Look’s national-security title The Intercept conceded today in a remarkable post . It describes the departure from First Look of Matt Taibbi, a high-profile hire from Rolling Stone, following a number of clashes over the direction of The Racket, First Look’s yet-to-launch digital magazine.
Titled “THE INSIDE STORY OF MATT TAIBBI’S DEPARTURE FROM FIRST LOOK MEDIA,” the piece reads like something that some outside media-crit site would put together. Enjoy this paragraph:
Taibbi’s dispute with his bosses instead centered on differences in management style and the extent to which First Look would influence the organizational and corporate aspects of his role as editor-in-chief. Those conflicts were rooted in a larger and more fundamental culture clash that has plagued the project from the start: A collision between the First Look executives, who by and large come from a highly structured Silicon Valley corporate environment, and the fiercely independent journalists who view corporate cultures and management-speak with disdain. That divide is a regular feature in many newsrooms, but it was exacerbated by First Look’s avowed strategy of hiring exactly those journalists who had cultivated reputations as anti-authoritarian iconoclasts.
Bylines on the piece go to Greenwald, Poitras, Scahill and Cook. Just goes to show: nothing like office strife to distract America’s most transgressive journalists from the real oppressor. What shenanigans have those scoundrels at the NSA propagated while Greenwald & Co. have been FOIA’ing Taibbi’s e-mails?
The internal tell-all is brilliant on more than one level. By reporting out the nitty-gritty of Taibbi’s alienation, these folks quite legitimately shore up their radical-transparentist bona fides. At the same time, they quash outside inquiries into their office culture. What more is there to say after they’ve already reported details such as the following: “Taibbi and First Look disagreed over the functionality of the website, the timing of its launch, which designers and programmers they would use, Racket‘s organizational chart—even, at one point, over office seating assignments.” There’s a lot more, too. These disclosures come days after New York magazine had reported that Taibbi had taken leave .
From all the details of Taibbi’s allegedly terrible management practices and the details of First Look’s struggles against the IRON FIST of First Look Media emerges a picture of utter ungovernability and an unwillingness to concede that the person bankrolling a venture might just have a say in how things get done.
Savor these lines: “In April, First Look executive editor Eric Bates told Cook and Taibbi that Omidyar had imposed a three-month ‘hiring freeze’ on both magazines in order to allow the company to figure out its directions and ‘values.’ (Omidyar later told staffers that there was no freeze, and that his instructions had been misunderstood.) Both editors were in the middle of recruiting their staffs, and the restriction was viewed internally as emblematic of the arbitrary and excessive authority being exercised by First Look over the magazines’ operations.”
Bold text inserted just because.
Erik Wemple writes the Erik Wemple blog, where he reports and opines on media organizations of all sorts.

Chase rates high in small-business survey0
The other Chicago-area lender with an above-average score in the Midwest in the 2014 survey was Citi.
J.D. Power's 2014 U.S. Small Business Banking Satisfaction Study includes responses from nearly 9,000 small-business owners or financial decision-makers who use banking services. The study took place from July to September 2014.
The average score in the Midwest this year was 768. That's what Fifth Third received.
Below-average scores for 2014 were given to Bank of America, Wells Fargo, U.S. Bank, PNC and, at the bottom, BMO Harris, which is Chicago's second-biggest bank after Chase. That group's scores ranged from 767 to 730, respectively.
U.S. Bank had been above average in 2013, though its score fell only 4 points in 2014.
In response to the survey, U.S. Bank says it's one of the nation's top small-business lenders in loan volume. It said it recently launched new products and services for small-business owners, including the Edge rewards business credit card, DepositPoint for remote deposits and Connect, a website with resources for businesses.
Bank of America said it has "some work to do," but notes that over the past three years it has hired more than 1,200 small-business bankers nationwide. From 2013 to 2014 in the Midwest, Bank of America said its score has risen 25 points, to 767, only a point below the average.
J.D. Power said it doesn't release its margin of error. "In many competitive environments where awards are presented, there are close calls," J.D. Power told the Tribune. "On any one day, a different team can win by one point, a different runner can win by a fraction of a second or a different golfer can win by one stroke."
J.D. Power said it uses generally accepted international research methods.
Wells Fargo said it conducts regular surveys of its retail and small business customers. "We are always looking for ways to apply their input and further strengthen our customer service," a spokesman said.
BMO Harris Bank said J.D. Power's survey doesn't reflect what it's seeing on the ground.
"We survey our customers on a regular basis, and overall across our network we are seeing higher customer feedback and customer loyalty results along with a growing customer base in small business banking," a spokesman said. It, too, is introducing new tools and programs for small businesses.
Overall, small businesses in the Midwest were happier with their banks this year than they were last year: The average Midwest score in 2013 was 755.

NOT EVERYONE IS SO LUCKYreddit
Tim Cook came out as gay in an essay in Businessweek on Thursday. He said that the unequal treatment LGBT employees face all over the country was a critical factor in his decision.
"I’ve had the good fortune to work at a company that loves creativity and innovation and knows it can only flourish when you embrace people’s differences," Cook wrote. "Not everyone is so lucky."
Indeed, there is no federal law protecting LGBT workers against discrimination based on their sexual orientation. And while some states and cities have passed their own protections, there are still 29 states where you can actually be fired for being gay, leaving more than half of all total workers vulnerable to employment discrimination.
Most Americans incorrectly think that this problem has already been solved. A 2013 HuffPost/YouGov poll found that 69 percent of Americans think that firing people for being gay is illegal.
A proposed federal law called the Employment Non-Discrimination Act would provide protections for all LGBT Americans working for employers with at least 15 employees. It's been introduced in nearly every Congress since 1994, but has never passed.
Apple's home state of California has some of the most robust anti-discrimination laws in the country, and the company itself is an outspoken advocate for LGBT rights.
"If hearing that the CEO of Apple is gay can help someone struggling to come to terms with who he or she is, or bring comfort to anyone who feels alone, or inspire people to insist on their equality, then it’s worth the trade-off with my own privacy," Cook wrote in his essay.
More:

Tim Cook Came Out  But People Can Still Be Fired For Being Gay In 29 Statesreddit
Tim Cook came out as gay in an essay in Businessweek on Thursday. He said that the unequal treatment LGBT employees face all over the country was a critical factor in his decision.
"I’ve had the good fortune to work at a company that loves creativity and innovation and knows it can only flourish when you embrace people’s differences," Cook wrote. "Not everyone is so lucky."
Indeed, there is no federal law protecting LGBT workers against discrimination based on their sexual orientation. And while some states and cities have passed their own protections, there are still 29 states where you can actually be fired for being gay, leaving more than half of all total workers vulnerable to employment discrimination.
Most Americans incorrectly think that this problem has already been solved. A 2013 HuffPost/YouGov poll found that 69 percent of Americans think that firing people for being gay is illegal.
A proposed federal law called the Employment Non-Discrimination Act would provide protections for all LGBT Americans working for employers with at least 15 employees. It's been introduced in nearly every Congress since 1994, but has never passed.
Apple's home state of California has some of the most robust anti-discrimination laws in the country, and the company itself is an outspoken advocate for LGBT rights.
"If hearing that the CEO of Apple is gay can help someone struggling to come to terms with who he or she is, or bring comfort to anyone who feels alone, or inspire people to insist on their equality, then it’s worth the trade-off with my own privacy," Cook wrote in his essay.
More:

This  flying car  could revolutionise the transport industryFlying car prototype takes to the skies
Recommend
Link
1 month 8 days ago, Reuters Videos
The AeroMobil 3.0 is the latest prototype flying car that its makers hope will revolutionise the transport industry. The upgraded model has significant improvements to the previous prototype, with a top groundspeed of 200 kph and a flight travel range of about 700 kilometres. Ben Gruber reports.
More on Reuters Videos:
ET NOW - Fri 5 Dec, 2014 10:50 PM IST
LATEST ET NOW VIDEOS
Terms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

Bloomberg reports that only three of the 32 economistsKuroda Surprises With Stimulus Boost as Japan Struggles
By Toru Fujioka and Masahiro Hidaka 2014-10-31T09:30:08Z
Email Print
Save
Oct. 31 (Bloomberg) -- Bank of Japan Governor Haruhiko Kuroda led a divided board to expand what was already an unprecedentedly large monetary-stimulus program, boosting stocks and sending the yen tumbling. Bloomberg’s Mia Saini reports on “In The Loop.” (Source: Bloomberg)
Related
BOJ's Kuroda News Conference on Policy Decision
Bank of Japan Governor Haruhiko Kuroda led a divided board to expand what was already an unprecedentedly large monetary-stimulus program, boosting stocks and sending the yen tumbling.
Kuroda, 70, and four of his eight fellow board members voted to raise the BOJ’s annual target for enlarging the monetary base to 80 trillion yen ($724 billion), up from 60 to 70 trillion yen, the central bank said. An increase was foreseen by just three of 32 analysts surveyed by Bloomberg News . The BOJ also cut its forecasts for inflation and growth in Japan , the world’s third-biggest economy.
Facing projections for failure to reach the BOJ’s 2 percent inflation target in about two years, and with the pressure from a higher sales tax, enlarging the stimulus at some point had been anticipated by analysts for months. Kuroda opted not to telegraph his intentions in recent weeks, leaving today’s move a surprise -- sending the Nikkei (NKY) 225 Stock Average to the highest level since 2007.
“It was great timing for Kuroda,” said Takeshi Minami , Tokyo-based chief economist at Norinchukin Research Institute, one of two who correctly forecast today’s easing. Minami noted that it follows the Federal Reserve ’s ending of quantitative easing, helping highlight the differing paths for the U.S. and Japan, which has the heaviest debt burden of any country. The yen sank 2.1 percent against the dollar to 111.55 as of 6:02 p.m. in Tokyo .
Photographer: Junko Kimura-Matsumoto/Bloomberg
Haruhiko Kuroda, governor of the Bank of Japan. Close
Haruhiko Kuroda, governor of the Bank of Japan.
Close
Photographer: Junko Kimura-Matsumoto/Bloomberg
Haruhiko Kuroda, governor of the Bank of Japan.
Today’s decision comes almost 19 months after Kuroda unleashed his initial asset-purchase plan, with the intention of doubling the monetary base. That move similarly drove up stocks and undercut the yen. Since then, a more competitive exchange rate has triggered higher corporate earnings, and asset-price gains have expanded Japanese households’ net worth.
Economy’s Struggle
Just hours after the BOJ’s move, the Government Pension Investment Fund said that it will put half its holdings in local and foreign stocks and start investing in alternative assets as it seeks higher returns.
Abenomics Confronts GPIF
The 127.3 trillion yen GPIF is the world’s largest pension fund. Its previous strategy was designed on the assumption that deflation would continue, GPIF President Takahiro Mitani told reporters today.
What the BOJ’s program has failed to do as yet is lift exports past their peak, or generate enough of an impact on inflation that the BOJ’s 2 percent target was forecast to be in reach. Instead, consumer prices -- stripping out the impact of an April sales-tax increase -- are rising closer to a 1 percent rate.
Photographer: Tomohiro Ohsumi/Bloomberg
Pedestrians and shoppers cross a road in the Ginza district of Tokyo. Slowing inflation highlights headwinds to Japan’s economy that’s prompting officials to consider new language on prices and a cut to growth estimates. Close
Pedestrians and shoppers cross a road in the Ginza district of Tokyo. Slowing inflation... Read More
Close
Open
Photographer: Tomohiro Ohsumi/Bloomberg
Pedestrians and shoppers cross a road in the Ginza district of Tokyo. Slowing inflation highlights headwinds to Japan’s economy that’s prompting officials to consider new language on prices and a cut to growth estimates.
Tax Consideration
Also at issue: Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is considering whether to go ahead with a second stage for raising the sales tax. The levy went to 8 percent from 5 percent this year, tipping the economy into the deepest contraction in more than five years. A further bump is scheduled for October 2015, to 10 percent.
“Kuroda couldn’t be bullish anymore -- inflation has slowed to 1 percent and oil prices are going to weigh on prices,” said Minami at Norinchukin. “Kuroda also thought about Abe’s decision on the sales tax. He really didn’t want Abe to postpone it.”
BOJ officials have warned against failing to move ahead with the sales-tax bump out of concern that it would damage confidence in the fiscal sustainability of Japan, the world’s most-indebted nation.
The BOJ said it was aiming to pre-empt any risk of a delay in ending Japan’s “deflationary mindset.” A decline in demand following the April tax increase and the drop in oil prices are putting downward pressure on prices, the bank said.
The BOJ will continue easing as long as needed to achieve stable 2 percent inflation, the statement said.
Photographer: Tomohiro Ohsumi/Bloomberg
Japan's national flag flies atop the Bank of Japan headquarters in Tokyo, Japan. Close
Japan's national flag flies atop the Bank of Japan headquarters in Tokyo, Japan.
Close

Shiv Sena to boycott Fadnavis  oath-taking ceremonyNEW DELHI: Shiv Sena on Thursday decided to boycott Bharatiya Janata Party's chief minister-designate Devendra Fadnavis' oath-taking ceremony after BJP hinted Sena's inclusion in the Maharashtra government will be unlikely.
 
Earlier, the BJP leader Rajiv Pratap Rudy said no Sena leader will be inducted in the state government.
 
Rudy, however, did not rule out tie-up with Sena, saying talks are on with its former ally.
 
The BJP leader was quoted by The Indian Express as saying, "It seems unlikely that any Shiv Sena minister will be sworn in tomorrow. Talks with Sena are on in an amicable atmosphere for a possible tie-up in Maharashtra but there has been no outcome yet."
 
Fadnavis will be sworn in as the chief minister on Oct 31.
 
On Thursday, in an editorial in its mouthpiece, 'Saamna', Sena questioned the legitimacy of running a minority government.
 
It said running a minority government is similar to enjoying power without responsibility. Sena also warned the BJP that a minority government is against the constitution.
The editorial, as quoted in The Hindu, said, "The major challenge in front of Devendra Fadnavis is to prove majority in the state assembly. The stand of forming and running a minority government may seem fine at present. But to enjoy power with such government is against the constitution."
 
The editorial however said it "wholeheartedly welcomes" Fadnavis as the new chief minister-designate of Maharashtra, two days after the BJP anointed him.
 
"We wholeheartedly welcome the new CM of Maharashtra... We are confident that with Narendra (Modi) in Delhi and Devendra (Fadnavis) in Maharashtra, nobody can prevent 'achhe din' (good days) from coming to Maharashtra," the Shiv Sena said in an edit in the party mouthpiece 'Saamana'. (With inputs from agencies)
Recommend

announced it is paying off some long-standing debtsChancellor Osborne to repay part of our First World War debt
From:
UK economy
Government to pay off part of the nation’s First World War debt, as part of a redemption of bonds stretching as far back as the eighteenth century.
The Chancellor of the Exchequer, George Osborne is today announcing that the government will pay off part of the nation’s First World War debt, as part of a redemption of bonds stretching as far back as the eighteenth century.
The Treasury will redeem £218m of debt from the 4% Consolidated Loan on 1 February 2015. “4% Consols” was first issued by then Chancellor Winston Churchill in 1927, partly to refinance National War Bonds originating from the First World War. The Debt Management Office estimates that the nation has paid £1.26bn in total interest on these bonds since 1927.
These National War Bonds were first issued in 1917 as part of an unprecedented effort by the government to raise money to finance the ongoing cost of the First World War, which started with the first issue of the first war loan in November 1914. Large publicity campaigns were employed throughout the war to attract the general public to make a patriotic investment. And for good measure, the bonds also paid out an attractive rate of interest of five per cent.
How the spectator covered the original creation of the war bonds:
Today’s announcement is the first repayment of an undated gilt of this sort by any Chancellor in 67 years. Around £2 billion of First World War debt remains, which is one graphic illustration of the legacy of this war on our nation and the long term effects of high debt. The government is looking into the practicalities and value for money of repaying this outstanding debt in full.
In addition to the war bonds, some of the debt being repaid in redeeming 4% Consols dates as far back as the eighteenth century. In 1853, then Chancellor Gladstone consolidated, among other things, the capital stock of the South Sea Company originating in 1711, which had collapsed in the infamous South Sea Bubble financial crisis of 1720. And in 1888, Chancellor George Goschen converted bonds first issued in 1752 and subsequently used to finance the Napoleonic and Crimean Wars, the Slavery Abolition Act (1835) and the Irish Distress Loan (1847). This debt will be repaid through the redemption of the 4% Consols.
The Treasury takes into account a number of factors when deciding whether to redeem its stock of undated bonds. But the Treasury is confident that it can deliver value for money to current and future tax payers by refinancing this borrowing now at lower rates than the 4% it is currently paying. The government is only able to do this today because interest rates are lower today, thanks to the confidence in the plan that the government has put in place to cut borrowing and create a resilient economy.
There are currently 11,200 registered holders of the bond. 7,700 investors hold less than £1000 nominal, and 92% of holders own less than £10,000 each. This is one of eight undated government bonds currently outstanding. This will be the first time that a Chancellor has redeemed an undated gilt of this sort in more than 60 years.
The Chancellor of the Exchequer, George Osborne said:
I am delighted to be able to announce today that we will repay part of the country’s First World War Debts. We are only able to take this action today thanks to the difficult decisions that this government has taken to get a grip on the public finances. The fact that we will no longer have to pay the high rate of interest on these gilts means that most important of all, today’s decision represents great value for money for the taxpayer. We will go on working through our plan that is gripping the public finances and delivering a brighter economic future.
Share this page

offered widely varying fares by different train companiesBaffled by ticket machines
21 Jul 2010
The investigation also found that many machines promote expensive fares, bury    cheaper options and do not apply discounts for groups or families.
There have been calls    for an inquiry into the country’s complex system of rail tickets,    which has already been heavily criticised by MPs.
Louise Ellman, chairman of the transport select committee, called for the “unfair” system to be overhauled.
“The industry needs to put things right and if it does not, the Government    must get involved. Passengers are being treated unfairly and being forced to    spend more than they should,” she said.
Since 2004, the proportion of passenger revenue collected by machines has    grown from just seven to 21 percent. Rail travel is at record levels with    1.59 billion journeys recorded in 2013-2014.
In 2011, Theresa Villiers, as transport minister, condemned rail companies    over how difficult ticket machines were to use and challenged the industry    to clean up its act.
But The Telegraph investigation examined rail fares across the country and    found that customers were being offered different prices for the same    journey depending on which operator’s machine they used.
How to beat rail fare rises
At King’s Cross, East Coast machines offered a ticket from London Euston to    Liverpool on a First-Class Anytime Single fare for £229.50. However, a    Thameslink & Great Northern machine just feet away offered a London    Midland-only First-Class Anytime Single for £94 – a saving of £135.50.
The London Midland option would involve a change at Stafford and the journey    would last around three and a quarter hours, more than an hour longer than    the more expensive option. But passengers were not given the choice.
In some cases customers are not offered cheaper prices for identical routes.
At Chiltern Railway’s Birmingham Moor Street station, a ticket from the city    to London by any permitted route cost £49.50 for an Off Peak Single, while a    Virgin machine at the city’s New Street station, just five minutes’ walk    away, offered a Super Off Peak Single for £31, also by any permissible route — a saving of £18.50.
The investigation found that passengers using machines were missing out on the    chance to “split” their fares into cheaper legs and to “stop short” on    journeys. Splitting the journey from Carlisle to Manchester into three    tickets can save passengers up to £50.
This little-known trick is impossible at most station ticket machines because    most only sell fares from the station where they are situated. Passengers    can, however, purchase “split” tickets at a ticket office.
Ticket machines also deny people savings by failing to suggest options to “stop short” — sometimes it is cheaper to buy a ticket for a point beyond    the desired destination and get off early.
Machines do not always offer the same savings to groups that are available at    ticket offices. Four adults travelling from London Victoria to Dover on an    Off-Peak Day Return can do so for £88. However, this option is not available    on Southeastern machines at Victoria, and the cheapest Standard Off-Peak Day    Return for four costs £133.20 — a £45.20 premium.
Elsewhere, rail operators were found to be promoting more expensive tickets on    their own machines’ “quick select” screens when fares almost half the price    were available, albeit less visible.
For example, London Midland’s machines at Euston station automatically display    more expensive fares, forcing passengers to sift manually through    alternatives to secure the best travel deal.
A Standard Anytime Return from London to Birmingham was quoted at £164 on a    London Midland machine. But a passenger searching through the options to    Birmingham would find a Standard Anytime Return travelling with London    Midland-only listed on the same machine. The latter ticket was priced at £69 — a saving of £95 if the passenger was given the choice of the slower London    Midland train.
Mike Hewitson, head of policy at the rail watchdog Passenger Focus, said    travellers wanted information to be given to them in a clear and simple way.
“Our research shows us that ticket machines still aren’t particularly    user-friendly,” he said.
“Passengers should be able to use ticket machines and be confident in what    they are offered, without needing to be 'experts’ in the system.”
The campaign group Railfuture said that passengers were being forced to “jump    through hoops” to get a reasonable fare. Bruce Williamson, a spokesman for    the organisation, said it was “clearly wrong” that the cheapest fares were    sometimes “buried” behind a number of option menus while the more expensive    ones were promoted on the main default screens.
“Cheaper options have to be readily obvious and easy to find, not hidden from    customers,” he said. East Coast said it was not aware that the London    Midland-routed fares were missing from its machines at King’s Cross and said    this had now been changed.
Northern Rail said it was working with its suppliers to ensure all necessary    data were fed into its ticket machines to offer the best value fares to    customers. It said this sometimes involved entering new data manually.
A spokesman said that the company would strive to “correct any    inconsistencies”.
Southeastern said it was “difficult” for customers to buy group fares from    ticket machines.
It said it was not able to include every fare on machines because too many    were available.
A spokesman added: “If that ticket is unavailable or the customer has been    sold an incorrect, more highly priced ticket, we will happily refund the    difference.”
Chiltern Railways explained there had been “a minor technical error” that    resulted in a fare not appearing on its machine.
London Midland said the majority of its machines were in place to sell the    most commonly purchased tickets to passengers travelling on the day – so    they tried to keep the screens “simple and easy to use”.
“Tickets for more complex journeys are always better bought online or at a    booking office,” a spokesman said.
 

Islamist terrorist organisationEbooks
Top literary agent Andrew Wylie calls Amazon ‘Isis-like distribution channel’
Wylie calls for fellow publishers to stand firm and ‘not to blink’ during negotiations over ebook royalties with digital retailer
Andrew Wylie condemned the 'brutality' of Amazon’s tactics. Photograph: Eamonn Mccabe
Share on WhatsApp
He is the sinister “jackal” of the literary world who counts Salman Rushdie, Philip Roth and Martin Amis among his formidable roster of clients.
Andrew Wylie, arguably the most powerful literary agent in the world – who once described himself as a “ravenous dog” – has now sunk his teeth into Amazon, describing the online retailer as a “sort of Isis-like distribution channel”.
In a keynote speech to the international festival of authors in Toronto, Wylie condemned the “brutality” of Amazon’s tactics and made a call for fellow publishers to stand firm and “not to blink” during negotiations over royalties with the digital retailer.
Amazon, Wylie said, had “taken the business and distorted it radically”. In his speech, entitled the State of the Industry: What Matters for Writers, Wylie said he believed Amazon’s digital monopoly could be weakened.
“I believe with the restored health of the publishing industry and having some sense of where this sort of Isis-like distribution channel, Amazon, is going to be buried and in which plot of sand they will be stuck, [publishers] will be able to raise the author’s digital royalty to 40% or 50%,” he said. “Writers will begin to make enough money to live.”
He criticised publishers for ever agreeing to give Amazon 30% of digital profits, but was adamant that the tide was turning against the online giant.
Forming a united front, Wylie told the audience, could give publishers much-needed leverage over the distributor and help to ensure that authors were able to profit more from their digital book sales in the future.
Referring to Amazon as a “digital trucking company”, Wylie went on to state: “The publishing industry, up until now, has cowered and whined and moaned and groaned and given Amazon pretty much everything they want. Now I think that’s going to stop.”
Wylie, who has over three decades of experience in the literary world, has had a chequered relationship with Amazon. In 2010 he briefly collaborated with Amazon under his own digital venture, Odyssey Editions, to release digital editions of books including Lolita and Midnight’s Children.
It was an attempt to pressure publishing houses to offer higher digital royalties to his authors, bypassing publishers entirely. But after Random House refused to do business with the Wylie Agency, he backed down and pulled his digital imprint from the retailer.
Wylie also praised publisher Hachette for standing up to Amazon earlier this year, after a dispute escalated between the retailer and the publisher when Hachette refused to lower their digital book prices. Amazon responded at the time by making it virtually impossible to buy or order Hachette books, prompting an outcry from hundreds of authors.
“Hachette, to their great credit, drew a line in the sand and didn’t fold,” Wylie said.
This is not the first time he has made controversial comments about Amazon and its practices, having previously compared the retailer to Napoleon. In March he said: “If you have a choice between the plague and Amazon, pick the plague,” and went on to claim that it had a “publishing programme that stands out for its idiocy”.
Wylie was also a backer of Authors United, the coalition of more than 100 authors who denounced Amazon for purposefully hindering Hachette sales, and he recruited several of his most prominent authors – including Philip Roth, Orhan Pamuk, Salman Rushdie, VS Naipaul and Milan Kundera – to sign the petition.
Yet Wylie’s disdain was not solely reserved for the practices of Amazon. His damning speech to the Festival of Authors also referred to EL James’s 50 Shades of Grey novels as “one of the most embarrassing moments in western culture,” and derided self-publishing as “the aesthetic equivalent of telling everyone who sings in the shower they deserve to be in La Scala”.
Amazon did not respond to requests for comment.
Topics

provides an in-depth explanation of WWI bondsFacing the financial strain of war, the government had to find ways of raising money. They had three main economic tools at their disposal:
Taxes
Although indirect taxes raised some money, the government turned to direct taxes - on property and income - on a far greater scale. In 1913 income tax was only paid by 2% of the population. During the war, another 2.4 million people would end up being eligible so by 1918, 8% were paying income tax.
Borrowing
This took the form of big international loans but also borrowing from the public  through the war bonds scheme. Big promotional campaigns were used to inspire the country to invest in the war effort.
Printing money
Freed from the Gold Standard by the Currency and Bank Notes Act of 1914, the Bank of England was able to increase availability of money by printing it, even though this risked  contributing to inflation - rising prices.
But just how well did these plans actually work?
How well it worked
The fact that the country didn’t collapse before winning the war implies that the government was successful – but at what cost?
Hugh examines the impact of the government’s plans.
The economic legacy
Financial district of London. Image courtesy of Shutterstock.
Although Britain was ultimately victorious, the effects of war would be felt for many years to come. Foreign trade, a key part of the British economy, had been badly damaged by the war. Countries cut off from the supply of British goods had been forced to build up their own industries so were no longer reliant on Britain, instead directly competing with her. In 1920/21, Britain would experience the deepest recession in its history.
World War One was a significant moment in the decline of Britain as a world power. It would be gradual, but by the mid-20th century the United States would usurp Britain as the leading global economic power.
Today, nearly £2 billion worth of bonds are circulating in the market. War bonds originally paid an interest rate of 5% but in 1932, as the government battled against a budgetary crisis, the then Chancellor Neville Chamberlain changed the terms of those bonds. He appealed to holders to do their patriotic duty and voluntarily accept a cut in the interest rate to 3.5%. All but a small minority agreed the terms – and that wasn’t their only sacrifice.
War bond holders also agreed in effect to accept that they might never get their investment back.  Whereas the original bonds had been due to be repaid in full in 1947, Chamberlain converted them to “perpetuals”, giving the government the right not to pay back the loans if they so wished, as long as they continued paying the 3.5% interest.
Surprise, surprise – no government since the 1930s has chosen to repay these bonds.  There are believed to be about 125,000 holders – some of whom might have inherited them from parents or relatives who bought them during World War One.
The continued existence of the war bond debt is possibly the most graphic illustration of the lasting shadow cast by World War One.
Would war bonds work today?
U.S Patriot Bonds. Image courtesy of Shutterstock.
Three experts give their view on whether the government could use a war bonds scheme to pay for a large-scale conflict today...
Money Saving Expert Martin Lewis
I believe if it came to defending the essence of everything we believe in, the people of Britain would stump up the cash.  Britain’s biggest saving product is Premium Bonds - because people believe it’s safer as it’s government owned. Also in times of crisis people change their priorities. What’s the point of having savings if the nation is scuppered anyway?  People trust the government because if it goes the entire economy goes.
Professor James Kimble, Seton Hall University
You would need a massive government campaign to really push and publicise it - it wouldn’t work if it was half-hearted. For instance in the U.S after 9/11 you could buy ‘patriot bonds’ where some of the money could be spent on fighting terrorism. We had those for 10 years but most people had never heard of them.  We’re also more cynical - government propaganda on the homefront has been exposed and people are less willing to trust campaigns as a result. Back then you only saw one side whereas today you could see a dozen different perspectives than the government’s by going online. We’re less willing to believe what we’re told.
Danny Cox, Financial Planner, Hargreaves Lansdown
During a crisis we see a ‘flight to safety’. People buy products like National Savings bonds because they are backed by the government and are therefore 100% safe. That’s why customers are willing to accept a lower interest rate on them. It’s more important for people to get their money back than a big return on their money.   If the government were to release a war bond today that was too attractive they could run in to trouble with banks and building societies – as it would be unfair competition. This could also cause a problem for the economy as banks pay a lot of tax and employ a lot of people.
Share this page

NTPC Q2 profit down 17 per cent to Rs 2 072 croreNTPC Q2 profit down 17 per cent to Rs 2,072 crore
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 31, 2014  | 16:53 IST
NTPC, the country's largest thermal power producer, has reported a nearly 17 per cent drop in net profit for the second quarter, pulled down by changes in tariff regulations.
The company has reported a profit of Rs 2,071.63 crore in the quarter ended September 30, against Rs 2,492.90 crore in the July-September period of 2013-14.
The state-run firm's total income from operations increased to Rs 16,736.63 crore from Rs 16,448.90 crore in the same period last fiscal.
Fuel cost on year-on-year basis went up to Rs 11,439.33 crore from Rs 10,139.25 crore whereas the company's other income fell to Rs 530.69 crore against Rs 627.19 crore, in the corresponding period.
The decline in profit after tax is mainly on account of changes in Tariff Regulations, 2014, the company said in an official statement.
In July, electricity regulator Central Electricity Regulatory Commission (CERC) rejected NTPC's petition seeking changes in the tariff norms from 2014-19.
NTPC had said that its generation incentives should be linked to the actual power produced instead of the supply. CERC, in its order dated June 30, said the risks associated with the business of electricity generation had been taken care of in the 2014 tariff regulations.
In September, NTPC signed an initial agreement with Andhra Pradesh state government to develop 1,000 MW solar power projects at suitable sites in a phased manner. The projects will be implemented on Build-Own-Operate basis in the state.
For the second quarter of FY15, gross generation was 55.421 Billion Units (BUs) against 54.519 BUs in corresponding quarter of previous year.
During the first six months of the current fiscal (April-September), the company's gross power generation grew to 118.554 BUs from 111.524 BUs for the corresponding period in previous year.

an explainer on how to use SnapchatShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Snapchat explained
Oct 30, 2014 : Millions of young people love Snapchat, the photo messaging app. But many are still confused by how it works. The FT's Tim Bradshaw explains the basics.

Gold prices plunge by Rs 600 at Rs 26500  lowest level since 2010E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Pak court reserves judgment in Musharraf s joint trial pleaPrint
Musharraf ruled from 1999 to 2008 when he lost power and went into self-imposed exile.
By: Press Trust of India | Islamabad | Posted: October 31, 2014 4:36 pm | Updated: October 31, 2014 4:51 pm
A special court on Friday reserved its decision on a plea by former Pakistani military ruler Pervez Musharraf to include several former civilian and military leaders in his treason trial case.
A three-member tribunal headed by Justice Faisal Arab is trying 71-year-old Musharraf for treason which he allegedly committed by imposing emergency in 2007 when he was president of the country.
Musharraf has challenged it saying that he was politically targeted by individually being put on trial and he asked to include all those civil and military leaders who were part of the government at that time.
His lawyer Farough Naseem today completed arguments, asking the court to hold a joint trial of all those involved in imposing the emergency.
Naseem said that imposing emergency was a collective action taken in consultation with then civil and military leaders, including then Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz, cabinet members and corp commanders of the former army chief.
“No single person can be held responsible for the imposition of emergency. It is against law,” he said.
The court reached a decision but reserved it till November 21. No reason was given for delaying the announcement.
Musharraf ruled from 1999 to 2008 when he lost power and went into self-imposed exile.
He returned to Pakistan in 2013 after over four years but faces a slew of cases, including the 2007 assassination of former premier Benazir Bhutto and killing of Baloch nationalist leader Akbar Bugti in 2006.
He was implicated in several criminal cases including the abrogation of the constitution which is a treasonous act under the law and punishable with death or life in jail.
Currently, he is on bail in four criminal cases while the treason case is going on in a special tribunal.
Musharraf presently lives in Karachi as all his efforts to go abroad so far have failed.

the first family to file a legal case over the incidentLawsuit filed in Malaysia over missing MH370
Despite extensive searches no wreckage of any kind of MH370 has been found
Search logistics
Two Malaysian children whose father was on the Malaysian Airlines flight that disappeared have filed a lawsuit against the airline and the government.
It is believed to be the first legal case filed in Malaysia since the incident on 8 March.
The lawsuit accuses the civil aviation department of negligence for failing to contact the plane within a reasonable amount of time after it disappeared.
Flight MH370, from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing, had 239 people on board.
Lawyers representing the two underage sons of passenger Jee Jing Hang filed the suit with the Kuala Lumpur High Court.
They are suing the national carrier for breach of contract, saying it failed to take all measures to ensure a safe flight. They are also suing civil aviation authorities, the immigration department and the air force for negligence.
"We have waited for eight months. After speaking to various experts, we believe we have sufficient evidence for a strong case," said their lawyer Arunan Selveraj.
"A big plane missing in this age of technology is really unacceptable," he said.
The legal team said they would seek damages but did not give a figure.
In March a civil action case was brought in the US by a law firm on behalf of relatives. But a judge dismissed it, calling it an improper filing.
The Malaysian government believes MH370 ended its journey in the southern Indian Ocean, in seas far off the Australian city of Perth.
But there is no explanation yet for what happened to the plane or caused it to stray so far off course.
Despite extensive searches coordinated by Australian authorities, no wreckage of any kind has been found yet.
Some legal experts say this could hamper any lawsuits filed, as it leaves much to speculation.
Search efforts are ongoing.

Royal Bank of Scotland-1.74
Winners and Losers are drawn from the set of FTSE 350 equities
All market data carried by BBC News is provided by DigitalLook.com. The data is for your general information and enjoys indicative status only. Neither the BBC nor Digital Look accept any responsibility for its accuracy or for any use to which it may be put. All share prices and market indexes delayed at least 15 minutes. 52 week high and low values are calculated from close price data. Click here for terms and conditions
Top Stories

rose to 0.4% in OctoberInflation in the eurozone rose slightly in October, giving some hope that the spectre of deflation can be staved off.
The flash inflation figure of 0.4% for October was up from 0.3% in September, Eurostat said.
The services sector was the biggest influence on the rise, showing an increase of 1.2% compared with a 1.1% rise in September.
The eurozone's unemployment rate remained unchanged at 11.5% in September compared with August.
'Crumb of comfort'
The European Central Bank's (ECB) inflation target is close to, but below 2%. However, the decline in the inflation rate, together with sluggish growth, has put the bank under pressure to step up its stimulus measures.
The ECB has already cut its benchmark interest rate to 0.05% and started an asset purchase programme.
Howard Archer, an economist at IHS Global Insight, described the pick-up in inflation as a "small crumb of comfort".
"Nevertheless, October marked the 13th successive month that eurozone consumer price inflation has been less than 1% and there is still a significant risk that extended very low inflation could ultimately morph into deflation, especially given weak oil prices and still muted eurozone economic activity," he said.
With inflation still anaemic and the unemployment rate still close to a record high, Jennifer McKeown of Capital Economics said there remained "a significant risk of deflation".
Unemployment still high
Unemployment was down from 12% in September last year in the 18 countries that use the euro. That meant more than 18.3 million people were without a job in the region and just over 24.5 million in the European Union as a whole.
Germany and Austria have the lowest unemployment rates at 5% and 5.1% respectively, while Greece still has the highest proportion of jobless people at 26.4%.
Eurostat said the number unemployed for those aged between 15 and 24 stood at 3.34 million in the eurozone and just under 5 million across the EU.
Data was not given for the rate of youth unemployment in Greece, but Spain recorded the highest figure at 53.7%.
More on This Story

Seth Rogen to play Apple co-founder in Steve JobsbiopicActor Seth Rogen is being eyed by Sony to play Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak in the studio's new Steve Jobs biopic. (Source: Reuters)
By: Press Trust of India | New York | Posted: October 31, 2014 5:11 pm
Actor Seth Rogen is being eyed by Sony to play Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak in the studio’s new Steve Jobs biopic.
If the deal works out, Rogen, 32, would appear opposite Christian Bale in the film. Bale was cast as Jobs earlier this
month, reported Huffington Post.
Based on Walter Isaacson’s biography of Jobs, this new film was written by Aaron Sorkin and will be directed by Danny Boyle. The film might include Jessica Chastain.

Arvind Mayaram shunted again  now he will be Minority Affairs SecretaryArvind Mayaram shunted again, now he will be Minority Affairs Secretary
Shishir Sinha
Arvind Mayaram
New Delhi, Oct 30:  
A day before being relieved from his current post, the Finance & Economic Affairs Secretary Arvind Mayaram has been transferred again. Now, he will join Ministry of Minority Affairs and not Tourism.
The Appointment Committee of the Cabinet (ACC) has decided to cancel its previous order dated October 15 for shifting Mayaram to Tourism Ministry from the Finance Ministry.
Earlier, Mayaram was to replace Parvez Dewan in Tourism Ministry who is superannuating on October 31. The Government has already announced Mayaram’s batch mate Rajiv Mehrishi as the new Economic Affairs Secretary.
Since, Mehrishi is senior most among five secretaries (Economic Affairs, Revenue, Expenditure, Financial Services and Disinvestment) in the Finance Ministry, he is expected to become next Finance Secretary too. A formal announcement will be made either on Friday or on Monday.
Meanwhile, the Government has also approved to give additional charge of Secretary in Economic Affairs Department to Expenditure Secretary Ratan Watal. He will hold this charge for a month or until the assumption of charge of post by Mehrishi as new Economic Affairs Secretary.
Mayaram is second Secretary level officer in the Finance Ministrty going out after Modi Government assumed charge on May 26. Earlier in June, the Financial Services Secretary Rajiv Takru was shifted to Ministry of Development of North Eastern Region (DONER). Last month, he was transferred again to National Commission for Minorities.
The Additional Secretary in the Economic Affairs Department KP Krishan has already been transferred. He has been in-charge of Capital Market Division but now he will be Additional Secretary in the Ministry of Rural Development. Economic Affairs Department is responsible for budget making.
On October 16, the Government appointed noted economist Arvind Subramanian as new Chief Economic Advisor. With appointments, team for 2015-16 General Budget is in place. The Finance Ministry has already initiated the process and now detailed consultations will take place which will culminate in the presentation of Budget in February.
(This article was published on October 30, 2014)
Related

Student locked up  Kerala High Court orders closure ofschoolPrint
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: October 31, 2014 5:27 pm
Kerala High Court on Friday ordered the closure of an unaided private English medium school in Thiruvananthapuram, which was facing charges of locking up a UKG student in a dog kennel as part of punishment.
It was on September 29 that Jawahar English medium school on the outskirts of the city faced a complaint from a parent that his son was locked up in the kennel for three hours as a punishment for talking to his friends in the class.
Taking a cue from the Childline alert, Kerala police had arrested the school headmistress Sashikala. The student’s class teacher Deepika was also facing case as she also figured in the complaint. But, Deepika was not arrested.
The school has been functioning in a premises attached to a rented house, for several years. Subsequent to the complaint and arrest of the headmistress, the education department ordered the closure of the school, where 120-odd students were studying.
But the parents of other students wanted the school be opened and sought for a detailed probe into the incident. The school management had also alleged foul play in the complaint, saying that the allegation was part of a bid to destroy the school. Adding curiosity to the issue, another private school volunteered to absorb all the student of the controversial Jawahar school.
The school management and the arrested principal sought CBI probe to unravel the conspiracy, which they had found behind locking up the kid in the kennel.
Although the education department wanted closure of the school, Chief Minister Oommen Chandy intervened in such a manner that the issue should not spoil the education of other students. Parents Teachers Association at the school had also petitioned the Chief Minister demanding the opening of the school.
Subsequently, the school was opened, but the parents of the kid, who raised the lock up in the kennel issue, moved the high court demanding the closure of the school.
The high court on Friday stayed the functioning of the school on the ground that it did not have necessary infrastructure and the school was not recognized by the state government.
The controversial school is among hundreds of private schools functioning without government recognition. The PTA of the school had earlier stated that they would fight the case to ensure that the school is reopened.
The school management had stated that they were ready to face any probe in the incident. Although police have registered a case against the headmistress, they could not get any evidence to substantiate the charges that the student was locked up in the kennel. The kid’s sister, studying in the same school, had given statement against the management.

Fireflies movie reviewPrint
An off-Bollywood movie, mostly in English, risks coming off all precious and stilted. ‘Fireflies’ has characters who are comfortable in English (in fact, when a couple of them have spoken in Hindi in previous parts, they’ve sounded as if they would be better off in English), which is a good thing.
Written by Shubhra Gupta | New Delhi | Posted: October 31, 2014 5:19 pm
Fireflies movie review
Star cast:  Rahul Khanna, Arjun Mathur, Monica Dogra, Shivani Ghai
Director : Sabal Singh Shekhawat
An off-Bollywood movie, mostly in English, risks coming off all precious and stilted. ‘Fireflies’ has characters who are comfortable in English (in fact, when a couple of them have spoken in Hindi in previous parts, they’ve sounded as if they would be better off in English), which is a good thing.
But there isn’t really much going in this film, which tells the story of two brothers and a sister, in moody, picturesque flashback. Shiv ( Khanna) and Rana ( Mathur) spin off in different trajectories,  and are seen in a ‘relationship’ apiece : the former in a sterile marriage bumping into an old flame ( Ghai), the latter getting close to a girl ( Dogra) who fetches up at his Bangkok bartending gig, and is all ‘f—d up’ .
There are patches which feel well –observed, especially when they are based in Mumbai’s swish spots—pretty people talking about London flats, and well-attired investment bankers in their offices with a view. And, towards the end, when the reason for the bad blood between the brothers becomes apparent, the outlines of a plot become discernible, and you feel something there. I liked Arjun Mathur,  an actor who underplays well, and raises the pitch when required : he stands out in the ensemble.
The rest is a nicely-shot rehearsed ramble.

Devendra Fadnavis sworn in as Maharashtra chief minister; Modi  Uddhav attend ceremonyDevendra Fadnavis sworn in as Maharashtra chief minister, Shiv Sena joins bash
HT Correspondents , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, October 31, 2014
First Published: 15:06 IST(31/10/2014) | Last Updated: 08:16 IST(1/11/2014)
Comments
Devendra Fadnavis was sworn in as the BJP’s first chief minister in Maharashtra on Friday but had to share some of the limelight with another man — Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray, who attended the ceremony after a last-minute phone call from BJP chief Amit Shah.
 
Fadnavis — the state’s 27th CM and its youngest at 44 — took the oath of office with a team of nine ministers at Wankhede stadium in Mumbai. In attendance were Prime Minister Narendra Modi, LK Advani, Shah, the CMs of BJP-ruled and friendly states and a crowd of 40,000-50,000, according to BJP estimates.
 
A significant development on the sidelines was the apparent thaw between squabbling ex-allies BJP and Shiv Sena. Thackeray — firm till Thursday night on boycotting the swearing-in over the BJP’s “constant humiliation” of his party — met Shah immediately after the ceremony, setting off talk of a patch-up and post-poll alliance.
BJP National President Amit Shah with Maharashtra CM-designate Devendra Fadnavis during their meeting at his residence in New Delhi. ( Sonu Mehta/HT Photo)
Union minister Arun Jaitley and Fadnavis too had called up Thackeray earlier in the day to make him change his mind. The Sena chief came with wife Rashmi and party MP Vinayak Raut.
 
The Sena has 63 MLAs who can help the BJP — with 121 MLAs in the 288-strong assembly — prove majority without taking the support offered by other parties such as the Nationalist Congress Party.
 
The NCP showed Friday it was more than willing to help the BJP, with most of its senior leaders, barring boss Sharad Pawar, sharing the dais with their BJP counterparts.
 
The new chief minister swung into action almost immediately after assuming charge, saying his government would ensure transparency and bring in a law to ensure an effective service mechanism for the people. “People want their work done without any delay. We will bring in a law under which the government (officers and other staffers) would deliver service as quickly as possible,” Fadnavis said during his first media interaction after being sworn in as chief minister.  
The CM said he would also review decisions taken by the former government, as it involved expenditure of more than Rs. 52,000 crore. “If we were to execute these schemes, we will need to raise loans to finance them. We will examine how feasible these decisions are,” he said.
Fadnavis — a four-time MLA from Nagpur and a lawyer and business management expert by training — said portfolio allocations would be made on Saturday. The CM wants to keep home and finance with himself.  The assembly session is expected to be held between November 10 and 12 during which time the government will table the trust vote.
Council of ministers

Devendra Fadnavis sworn-in | Man with solid backing from Modi-Shah combineDevendra Fadnavis sworn in as first BJP CM of Maharashtra
PTI Oct 31, 2014, 04.38PM IST
Tags:
Amit Shah
(Reaching out to a sulking…)
NEW DELHI: Becoming the first BJP Chief Minister of Maharashtra, Devendra Fadnavis was on Friday sworn-in as the CM of the state at Wankhede stadium. A 10-member BJP ministry led by Devendra Fadnavis was sworn-in.
Shiv Sena Chief Uddhav Thackeray agreed to attend the swearing-in ceremony after a last-minute call from BJP President Amit Shah inviting him to the event.
Reaching out to a sulking Shiv Sena, Shah's call to Uddhav came a day after the Sena announced its boycott of the grand swearing-in ceremony of Fadnavis on grounds of its "constant humiliation" by BJP over government formation in Maharashtra.
Fadnavis is also understood to have called up Thackeray requesting his presence at the event this evening.
BJP had sent out invites to Shiv Sena chief Thackeray, NCP chief Sharad Pawar and former Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan for the event.
Amidst uncertainty over Shiv Sena's role in the formation of the new government in Maharashtra, the party yesterday said its leaders would not attend Fadnavis' swearing-in.
Shiv Sena also provided covering fire to BJP from criticism for organising a lavish event, saying the ceremony will "wash off sins" of the previous government.
"You (Congress and NCP) have looted Maharashtra in your 15-year-rule and siphoned off thousands of crores of public money. If you are now speaking about a huge amount of money being spent on the oath-taking ceremony, it is nothing but hilarious," the Sena said in an editorial in its mouthpiece 'Saamana'.
FEATURED ARTICLES

The man behind the rooted pintUpdated: October 31, 2014 18:19 IST
The man behind the rooted pint
WONG PEI TING
A LOT’S BREWING Aditya Challa at Prost brewpub Photo: Wong Pei Ting
TOPICS
Master brewer Aditya Challa on the character of craft beers and launching an Indian venture
An Indian crafted the first Singapore brand of beer.
Brewer and director of Jungle Beer Aditya Challa, 34, is sure the time will come when Asians expect more out of the beer they drink. When that happens, his craft beers will be waiting in the wings to claim their place aside industry giants, Tiger and Heineken, Kingfisher and Budweiser.
Just when his Singapore-brewed beers started to snag bigger awards at Beerfest Asia, the Kurnool-born entrepreneur let loose a major reshuffle under the public radar this April; he shut his S$1.5 million brewing plant, and retreated to Bangalore for a head brew-master position at Prost brew pub. Confounding, but not without reason. Brewing just customary stouts, ales, and wheat beers at the watering hole, Aditya is decidedly on a “creative hiatus”, while he works out the licensing of his 1,000-litre brew house that has been shipped and relocated to India from Singapore. Says an unflinching Aditya, “ Brewing operations are shut, but we are reinventing ourselves.” He is set to team up with a fresh pair of partners. A new Indian-centric brand headquartered in Goa, he reveals, possibly in another five months.
“Not many pubs in Singapore sell as much beer as we do here at Prost, but perfecting old-world beer styles doesn’t excite me as much as creating new beers that are relevant to the location, and possibly using ingredients that are a part of the local culture, like chicory, mango, or cardamom in India,” says Aditya. “Even when brewing old-world styles, such as a Pilsner, I prefer to update the styles to suit the local palette. I’m not a purist when it comes to brewing.”
In the first year of brewing in Singapore, Aditya went as outlandish as to concoct a lambic Singaporean Belgian Pale Ale that infused flavours of pineapple, cardamom, sour plum, and ginger, a pungent durian wheat beer to celebrate Singapore’s national day. The spice ale that used the sarsaparilla root from India, and a chicory export stout brewed with five malts, three hops and cane sugar was triple-crowned ‘Best in the World’, ‘Best in Singapore’ and ‘Gold in Stout’ category at last year’s Beerfest Asia. 
“A lot of companies want to make beer that appeals to everybody, something that does not offend, so they keep taking away character from beer,” he says. “Though craft beers are usually less approachable than flavourless mass-produced lagers, their characters are worth the exploration. You can’t gulp them down like a lager. You have to savour them.”
Many Indians drink with the objective of inebriation, he admits, relating to his younger self. But, when his engineering degree led him to work in London, he received what he calls “a beer awakening”, where he was introduced to ales. Ales, he says, retain their flavours even at room temperature and do not go flat as quickly. 
After his stint in the U.S., where he completed his Masters, he could no longer return to the lagers of his youth. His hungry search for character in a pint compelled him to return to the U.K. to study brewing in Edinburgh, Scotland, before he settled in Singapore to set up Jungle Beer. 
“We were somewhat naive and overly enthusiastic to start in Singapore. We hadn’t fully thought through the macroeconomics — the profit margin, manpower, suppliers, laws, tax differentials, or the regional market,” says Aditya, already on a third mug of his own beer in our hour-long interview at Prost. Breaking it down, Aditya explains that a brewery in San Diego will produce beers costing about USD 1 and with shipping that costs less than 20 cents a bottle. “It’s much easier for distribution companies based in Singapore to buy direct from them than consider a local brewery’s USD 2.50 bottles.” Aditya then rode on a brainwave to lease excess capacities from breweries in lower-cost areas like Hong Kong or Australia, where his brand will remotely produce his popular brews. This will free him up to work on his forthcoming Indian brand.  “In India, we will probably be the first craft brewery. And we can make premium craft beers and price it significantly less than imported beers. That’s a clear advantage.” 

http://usat.ly/1tHuCWPFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Dow, S&P 500 close at record highs
U.S. stocks are jumping Friday, topping their recent highs and erasing the losses from the early-October swoon, as investors cheered a move by the Bank of Japan to add more stimulus to its ailing economy.
Post to Facebook
Dow, S&P 500 close at record highs U.S. stocks are jumping Friday, topping their recent highs and erasing the losses from the early-October swoon, as investors cheered a move by the Bank of Japan to add more stimulus to its ailing economy. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1tHuCWP
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
48
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Dow, S&P 500 close at record highs
Video Keywords the Fed stock market S&P Dallas America's
There’s an old saying that the more things change, the more they stay the same; that’s exactly the case on Wall Street now that the Federal Reserve has finally stuck a fork in its stock-friendly stimulus program, known as QE. Video by Jason Allen Jason Allen
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:00  There's an old saying that the more things change the
00:02  more they stay the same. That's exactly the case on Wall
00:05  Street now that the fellow reserve has finally stuck to work
00:07  its stock for only stimulus program north QB. Hi I'm David
00:12  Craig and this is America's markets. Back in September of defense
00:20  or to lose on track and its bond buying program known
00:23  as quantitative easing. And sure enough on Wednesday the Fed senators
00:26  doing exactly. The various phases of Q we have been credited
00:30  would be a big driver for Wall Street's powerful Stockwell the
00:32  past four years. Pick your rug like that out when or
00:35  if the stock market would obviously have a big effect right.
00:38  Partly. On September 17 the day the Fed's last meeting ended
00:43  the Dodgers industrials closed at 7157. Which was not a record.
00:47  Following the Fed's announcement this week that was did and impunity
00:51  the Dallas forty points above that level or just half percent
00:54  from your hard. Granted a lot of happened when the market
00:57  retriever you're fed millions and that's just a bad memory now.
01:00  It's what we read into this just that all the concern
01:03  though Wall Street being able to wean itself off the steady
01:05  stream additional joy juice from the Fed. Has so far proved
01:09  groundless you can make your case the conditions are good for
01:12  stock investors get back to business as usual and focus on
01:15  the fundamentals. And speaking out fundamentals the news on earnings front
01:18  might be helping these Anhui withdrawal parents. They also expect S&P
01:22  five hundreds of square can be up nearly 9% from the
01:25  year ago. According to Thomson Reuters and Merrill more than halfway
01:28  through the earnings season three quarters of companies are doing even
01:31  better than expected.
Adam Shell , USA TODAY 4:50 p.m. EDT October 31, 2014
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Friday, Oct. 31, 2014.
(Photo: Richard Drew, AP)
467 CONNECT 249 TWEET 26 LINKEDIN 48 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Two benchmark stock indexes closed at record highs Friday, on the last trading day of a month that was a roller coaster ride for investors.
Driving the rally: Huge and surprising moves by Japan to add more stimulus to its ailing economy. Japan's Nikkei 225 took a super-sized 4.8% leap, starting a global stocks rally that ended on Wall Street with strong market gains.
The Dow Jones industrial average ended up 195.10 points, 1.1%, to 17,390.52 -- its highest close since Aug. 19, when it finished at 17,279.74. The Standard & Poor's 500 added 23.40 points, 1.2%, to close at 2018.05 -- its highest close since Aug. 18, when it finished at 2011.36. And the Nasdaq composite index ended at a 14 1/2-year high, gaining 64.60 points, 1.4%, to close at 4630.74.
The tech-packed Nasdaq climbed as high as 4641.51 in early trading -- its highest level in more than 14 years -- before retreating a tad. At its peak, the Nasdaq was at its highest level since March 29, 2000.
The yield on the benchmark 10-year U.S. Treasury note ended 2.33%, up from 2.31% Thursday. And the price of crude oil keeps falling. On Friday, it lost another 54 cents to end at $80.58 a barrel.
Exxon 3Q profits up on refining boost
Japan markets were catapulted higher on a double dose of good news.
The country's central bank announced it will boost asset purchases in an effort to jump-start its lagging economy and try to boost inflation, which is dangerously low. Also, Japan's Government Pension Investment Fund (GPIF) surprised markets by announcing a major shift in where it will invest its assets, which total nearly 127 trillion yen -- about $1.1 trillion -- according to Citibank. The GPIF said it was making a major shift in its investment strategy and plans to substantially boost its investments in higher-risk assets, such as stocks.
In what amounts to a massive easing in monetary policy by Japan in its fight to stave off deflation, the Japanese central bank upped the amount of money it is pumping into the system. The announcement, which caught investors by surprise, also included new and more aggressive asset purchases.
The Bank of Japan said it would boost its purchases of domestic government bonds, buy more long-term bonds, as well as exchange traded funds that track Japan's benchmark stock index and real estate investment trusts.
"The Bank of Japan surprised markets," Barclays told clients in a report.
The floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
(Photo: Andrew Theodorakis, Getty Images)
The GPIF announced that it plans to double its investments in both Japanese stocks and foreign stocks, boosting the share of the fund's investment pie for each asset class to 25% from 12%. At the same time, it slashed its target for domestic Japanese bonds to 35% from 60%.
The move by the GPIF is bullish for stocks as it provides additional buying power for stocks globally, analysts say.
The Nikkei ended up gaining a whopping 755.56 points. In Hong Kong, the Hang Seng index rose 1.3%. The Shanghai composite gained 1.2%.
European benchmarks also ended higher Friday, with France's CAC 40 adding 2.2%, Germany's DAX 30 index up 2.1% and Britain's FTSE 100 up 1%.
12 hideous ways to lose money in October, from @mattkrantz http://t.co/prXVjrJqcT Photo: @GettyImages pic.twitter.com/ZeetJDwyJl
467 CONNECT 249 TWEET 26 LINKEDIN 48 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1tHuCWP
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

latest song is about the perils of being a central bankerIt’s awfully hard to be a central banker
Rich folks like to see the currency strong
But the average Joe’s not overjoyed if he’s destitute, and unemployed
Seems like every time I choose, I’m choosin’ wrong
The right says I should tighten up on credit
To keep the risk of inflation nice and low
But the left, and many economic scholars, are urgin’ me to print more dollars
I’m torn between the two ways I could go
I’ve got a dual mandate
Dual mandate
I gotta keep prices stable
While giving jobs to those who’re able
Dual mandate
My job is harder than you’ll ever know
Unlike here in the U.S., the Bank of England has it pretty easy
And so, I hear, does Europe’s ECB
Their goal is for stable price
That’s pretty simple, must be nice:
A single mandate. Unlike poor, unlucky me
‘Cause I’ve got a dual mandate
Dual mandate
I gotta solve labor’s troubles
Without creatin’ financial bubbles

Lasky reveals his inner Halloweenlasky reveals his inner halloween
READ IN: Monster Mash EditionSatisfy your political sweet tooth by signing up for Read In , your one-stop source for politics news from the Beltway and beyond.
A1: The stories you need to read before your first conference call.
-- The rate of foreign fighters streaming into Syria each month has not been slowed by U.S. and coalition airstrikes. About 1,000 foreign fighters a month are entering Syria, far greater than any similar conflict, including the war in Afghanistan in the 1980s. Latest estimates indicate airstrikes have killed about 460 members of the Islamic State and another 60 from an al Qaeda affiliate. ( Washington Post )
-- U.S. Marshals on Thursday captured Matthew Frein, a 31-year old accused of ambushing two state troopers in September. Police used handcuffs from an officer who died in the attack to secure Frein, who was caught at an abandoned airport 40 miles outside of Blooming Grove, Pa. Frein had been hiding in the woods in the Pocono Mountains since the Sept. 12 ambush. ( Washington Post )
-- Pentagon officials are frustrated by White House orders to keep attacks against Islamic State militants contained within strict limits. The National Security Council has given explicit instructions on which militants can be targeted and which can be trained. National Security Advisor Susan Rice is keeping close track of the fight, down to minor issues at an operational level. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel wrote a memo to Rice last week warning that the Syria strategy was sewing confusion. ( Daily Beast )
-- A secularist party in Tunisia won a big victory in parliamentary elections this week, taking almost 40 percent of the vote against an Islamist party that won 32 percent. The Islamist party had led a coalition government for two years, but a weakening economy gave the secularists, Nidaa Tounes, a leg up. Nidaa Tounes will have to build a coalition to reach a majority of the 217-member assembly. ( New York Times )
-- Former Boston Mayor Tom Menino died Thursday at the age of 71. The longest-serving mayor in Boston history announced in March, two months after leaving office, he had an advanced form of cancer. Menino built the most extensive political machine in modern Boston history, on a foundation of patronage and constituent services. Dubbed the "urban mechanic" and "Mayor Mumbles," Menino ran the city for 20 years without challenge. ( Boston Globe , Washington Post , New York Times ) Menino was the rare Italian American to win in an Irish-dominated political culture, and he did it by creating his own unbeatable coalition, says the Globe's Jim O'Sullivan .
-- Front Pages: Boston Globe five-column photo of Menino: "THE URBAN MAESTRO." WaPo leads with foreign fighters flocking to Syria. NYT reports on new tensions at a sacred site in Jerusalem, where Israel has restricted access after a shooting. WSJ reports on good GDP growth. USA Today leads with a new poll showing voter angst, below a five-column photo of reporters harassing the nurse in Maine who tried to go for a bike ride.
Poll-a-Palooza: Seriously, who answers a landline anymore?
-- Florida: Former Gov. Charlie Crist (D) leads Gov. Rick Scott (R) in Quinnipiac's final pre-election poll, with Libertarian Adrian Wyllie finishing at 8 percent. Crist leads among independents 47 percent to 29 percent, but what may be more important is the trendline: Scott led by 2 on Sept. 24. The two were tied on Oct. 22. Now Crist is up 3. ( Quinnipiac ) We've heard, from Ds and Rs watching the race, that Crist is making gains.
-- North Carolina: Sen. Kay Hagan (D) leads state House Speaker Thom Tillis (R) 45 percent to 41 percent among likely voters. President Obama's approval rating is just 40 percent, but just 30 percent say they approve of the General Assembly. ( Elon , pdf) If voters care more about education in Raleigh than ObamaCare in D.C., Hagan wins.
-- Arkansas: Those Democratic hopes that a ballot measure to raise the minimum wage would help Sen. Mark Pryor (D) don't look like they'll pan out. A new Arkansas Poll shows the minimum wage increase passing by a 69 percent to 24 percent margin, but Rep. Tom Cotton (R) leads Pryor by a 49 percent to 36 percent margin. Former Rep. Asa Hutchinson (R) leads former Rep. Mike Ross (D) 50 percent to 39 percent in the governor's race. ( University of Arkansas ) Those are probably a little high. Most partisan polling shows Cotton ahead, though by smaller margins.
-- Michigan: Well this race just got tighter: Gov. Rick Snyder (R) leads former Rep. Mark Schauer (D) 45 percent to 43 percent in the final pre-election EPIC-MRA poll, thanks in large part to Democrats' efforts to increase absentee voting, according to pollster Bernie Porn. Undecideds lean toward Democrats, he said. Michigan Democrats have sent out more than a million absentee ballot applications. ( Detroit Free Press ) Snyder led the last EPIC-MRA poll, two weeks ago, by 8.
-- New York: Rep. Chris Gibson (R) leads venture capitalist Sean Eldridge (D) 58 percent to 35 percent in New York's 19th district, even after Eldridge spent millions of his own dollars to make himself known. Gibson has a 41 percent approval rating -- among Democrats. That's pretty good. ( Siena , pdf) The poll shows 28 percent of Democrats will vote for Gibson.
National Roundup: What's happening outside the Beltway.
-- WH'16: Rep. Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) wants to keep his name in the presidential mix. In an interview with our colleague Robert Costa, Ryan said he's not a House "lifer," and that Mitt Romney has encouraged him to run for president. He's not in a rush to decide whether to get in, though if he makes a decision it will be next year. ( Washington Post ) The Ronald Reagan Presidential Foundation said it would hold a Republican debate in September 2015. ( Associated Press ) We should start taking bets on which candidate announces first. Fox News bookers, stand by those phones!
-- Hawaii: National Guard troops have been deployed to Pahoa to assist with security patrols in neighborhoods that are threatened by a stream of laval coming from the Kilauea volcano. The slowly moving lava was just a few hundred feet from the village's main street by Thursday. Five neighborhoods have been evacuated because they're in the lava's path. ( Los Angeles Times )
-- Washington: Watch out, Jay Inslee and Patty Murray: Rep. Dave Reichert (R) says he's contemplating running for governor or for U.S. Senate in 2016, and he's got the domain names to prove it. Reichert's campaign bought Reichertforgovernor.com and Reichertforsenate.com back in 2011. ( Seattle Times ) We've heard this from Reichert before, and it's been a long time since a Republican last won a Senate seat in Washington (Slade Gorton did it in 1994). But there's no question Reichert is the best option Washington Republicans have.
-- South Carolina: Jenny Sanford is dishing about Mark. Well, Mark Hammond (R), that is. Hammond, the Republican Secretary of State, has been criticized for charging taxpayers for his 180-mile daily commute, which adds a few thousand dollars to his annual $92,000 salary. Jenny Sanford appears in a pretty funny campaign video for Ginny Deerin (D), a consultant to non-profit groups who says she wants to make the office appointed, not elected. ( YouTube ) Our colleague Karen Tumulty wrote about Deerin last week: She's a liberal Democrat who has support from the state chapter of the Club for Growth, which doesn't make a big practice of endorsing Democrats. ( Washington Post )
-- Nevada: The state Supreme Court ruled Thursday that exotic dancers are entitled to the minimum wage because they are employees of clubs, not independent contractors. Dancers at Sapphire Gentlemen's Club in Las Vegas sued over wages in 2009. There are 30 strip clubs and 12,000 dancers registered in Las Vegas alone. From the court's decision: "Given that Sapphire bills itself as the ‘World’s Largest Strip Club,’ and not, say, a sports bar or night club, we are confident that the women strip-dancing there are useful and indeed necessary to its operation." ( Las Vegas Review-Journal )
DC Digest: What's on tap today in DC.
-- President Obama wakes up in Rhode Island this morning, where he'll deliver remarks on the economy at Rhode Island College. He heads back to D.C. a little after noon. This evening, he and Michelle hand out candy to kids at the South Portico of the White House.
-- Vice President Biden meets with staff at the White House this morning before heading to San Diego this afternoon. When he lands, Biden has a DNC fundraiser at a private residence on his calendar.
-- By the numbers: Harry Truman's party lost a total of 83 House seats during two bad midterm elections. Dwight Eisenhower's party lost a combined 66 House seats. President Obama lost 63 in 2010, and we'll know next week how close to Truman's total he gets. ( Rothenblog )
-- D.C. financial officials say a ballot measure that would legalize marijuana in Washington could create a market worth $130 million. The initiative doesn't allow the sale of marijuana, only the home cultivation of small amounts, but D.C. Council members heard testimony on what legal sales regulations might look like. ( Washington Post ) They get the $130 million figure by estimating 122,000 users -- including commuters and tourists -- consuming three ounces worth $350 per ounce.
TV Time Out: Our exclusive look at who's advertising, and where.
-- Final Totals: The NRCC and DCCC have shipped their last ads of the cycle, barring a last-minute decision today or tomorrow. All told, they'll spend a combined $120 million or so on TV ads. The NRCC cut a total of 132 different advertisements, while the DCCC aired 147 unique spots.
-- Big Picture: Senate Majority PAC tried to buy a $10,000 30-second ad on WMUR's Friday evening newscast. But WMUR returned their money because the station had sold out of airtime. The group bought an ad on "Dancing with the Stars" on Monday for $24,000. Ending Spending Action Fund is spending $100,000 for a single 30-second ad during this weekend's Patriots game. Spending in the Greenville, N.C., market is 15 times higher than it was a year ago. Advertising in the Sioux City market is 14 times higher, and 11 times higher in Colorado Springs. ( Associated Press )
-- Arkansas: The NRA is running online ads backing Rep. Tom Cotton (R) that show up on Grindr, the hookup app for gay men. A Grindr spokesman said they would stop the pro-Cotton ads, which were distributed by a third-party ad network. One strategist called the ad placement "either super lazy or interesting targeting." ( Daily Beast )
B1: Business, politics and the business of politics
-- More than 20 percent of the nearly 3 million voters who have already turned out in Georgia, North Carolina, Colorado and Iowa did not vote in 2010, and they are much more diverse and Democratic than the electorate four years ago. Turnout among African American voters is especially high, though not high enough to overcome what's likely to be a Republican turnout advantage. ( New York Times ) We've seen some internal projections that look far more pessimistic for Democrats.
-- Stocks are up more than a percentage point in pre-bell trading, a day after Wall Street got a little richer. World markets are up across the board; the Nikkei gained almost 5 percent today(!). ( CNN )
C1: The long reads you'll need to check out before tonight's cocktail party.
-- Our profile of Greg Abbott, likely to be the next governor of Texas, went live last night. He's running well among Hispanic voters, he's a darling of the Tea Party base and a friend of the business community. If Republicans can't win the White House back in 2016, don't be surprised if Abbott's name starts cropping up on short lists for 2020.
-- The strain that runs through Abbott’s life -- and, perhaps, gives him such a healthy ego -- is competition. One of his earliest memories is of foot-racing his older brother, and of trying to stop his brother from beating out their father. The 4-year-old Abbott broke his collarbone when his older brother ran right through him. Abbott tends to come unglued when he watches his Houston Rockets play basketball. Over the years, he's gotten in verbal altercations with Charles Barkley and Michael Jordan. ( Washington Post )
C4: The comics page, fun things to read when you're bored at work
-- Nobody messes with Brian Lamb: Former CBS News correspondent Sharyl Attkisson writes in her new book that the C-SPAN founder fought with the White House after a 2010 interview with President Obama, in which Obama said the administration would delay redecorating the Oval Office during tough economic times. They redecorated anyway, and the White House tried to get C-SPAN to squelch that part of the interview. It didn't work, despite some aggressive talk from Josh Earnest and others. ( Washington Post )
Attn Matt Drudge: Things conservatives will get outraged by today.
-- Rep. Charlie Rangel (D-N.Y.), attending a get-out-the-vote rally for Gov. Andrew Cuomo, said some Republicans "believe that slavery isn't over and they think they won the Civil War!" By contrast, "everything we're doing is God's work." ( Business Insider ) Well that clarifies things, doesn't it?
Attn HuffPo: What outrages liberals today
-- A Kentucky Republican Party mailer attacking a Democratic state representative compares a measure granting driver's licenses to illegal immigrants with the Sept. 11, 2001 terrorist attacks. The mailer includes a photo of the burning World Trade Center and a driver's license obtained by lead hijacker Mohamed Atta. ( ThinkProgress ) How subtle and understated.
Reid Wilson covers state politics and policy for the Washington Post's GovBeat blog. He's a former editor in chief of The Hotline, the premier tip sheet on campaigns and elections, and he's a complete political junkie.

Career pathes: Jason Heltzer  Origin VenturesCareer paths: Jason Heltzer, Origin Ventures
Career paths: Jason Heltzer, Origin Ventures
Jason Heltzer, partner at Origin Ventures, on one career path he'd encourage entrepreneurs to follow when entering the workforce or starting a business.
Jason Heltzer, partner at Origin Ventures, on one career path he'd encourage entrepreneurs to follow when entering the workforce or starting a business.

Government of India announce the sale of four dated securities for ` 15 000 crore on November 07  2014Government of India announce the sale of four dated securities for ` 15 000 crore on November 07  2014
FPIs continue buyingFPIs continue buying
Financial tips for first job: Here s what to doFinancial tips for first job: Here s what to do
Bajwa hits out at ModiBajwa hits out at Modi
Very bullish on this counter . we can see new highs being made in this...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Yes malum bro....i think before nov 7 we can expect one uc ....what do...Platinum Member
372 Followers
Delivery percentage increase is an indication of more stability on upside in coming days... But What is more important news is the FII  which were missing in the Indian markets are back as evident  from   today Market operations for lot of reasons which we can discus later .. They are on shopping  spree from today .. when they do shopping they first put their hands  in Blue chips... In second phase they normally  enter into small and midcaps ... That time sure ,, we can see lot of upsides on this counter...if they come and select this counter  which is quite possible ,,,

Correctly said. we may able to predict but can not wait to enjoy the f...New Member
3 Followers
Now Nifty train looks unstoppable, I think it is better to sit relax and go long upto Dec x-mas. It is better to close TA Books for clues to find resistence.  Better option to make money in this bull run is to stand in their own queue , dont switch the queue (scrip), your turn will come today or tommorrow or day after tommorrow,  create wealth for you not to your broker.

Letsrockbro...pm me ur no. if u dnt have any probCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Facebook sets up India Client CouncilFacebook sets up India Client Council
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 31:  
World’s largest social networking site Facebook has set up the India Client Council to offer a forum to brands to share ideas about the future of marketing.
The Council includes companies like Tata Motors, Flipkart, Airtel, P&G, Madison World, ICICI Bank, HUL, Micromax and Future Group among others.
Apart from India, Facebook has global, EMEA, Brazil and UK councils.
“There are now more than 100 million people in India connected through Facebook and in the past year, we have invested heavily in creating solutions that are tailored to the needs of people and advertisers here,” Facebook India Managing Director Kirthiga Reddy said.
This is the next step in the efforts to better serve partners — the India Client Council, she added.
“In India and around the world, the rate of people with access to digital services and devices is skyrocketing, and for many here the mobile phone has already become a true lifeline, providing information about market prices, healthcare, banking, employment and entertainment,” she said in a blog.
This rapid acceleration of mobile presents businesses with unprecedented opportunities to reach their customers, but also new challenges, Reddy said.
“Facebook is committed to helping businesses navigate this changing landscape, and the Client Council makes our clients and agency partners a key part of this journey,” she added.
India is the largest market for Facebook outside the U.S., with over 100 million users. Globally, it had 1.35 billion monthly active users as of September 30, 2014.
GroupM CEO CVL Srinivas said the initiative will help discuss the future of marketing by igniting conversations amongst some of India’s most influential marketers.
“Facebook has been one of the key growth partners for Flipkart and the e-commerce industry at large. I am really keen on engaging in an open and transparent idea sharing platform with other people in the Indian ecosystem to find ways in which we can grow not just our business, but trade and commerce in general,” Flipkart CEO Sachin Bansal said.
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

Modi rakes up 1984 anti-Sikh riots on Indira Gandhi annivE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Kolkata most polluted metro; India has highest PAH level: StudyE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Ouch! Warren Buffett Just Lost Another $1.5 Billionouch! warren buffett just lost another $1.5 billion
Switchback: Talking Tech (Oct. 24)Switchback: Talking Tech (Oct. 24)
Oct 24, 2014
The team from The Switch discussed everything from the latest political tech news to the gadgets you’re eyeing.
Q:

Homes Spanning 1 000 Square Feet For SaleAn appreciative Joey Lawrence hugs his partner in the backstage area on Tuesday night.
Adam Larkey/ABC Photo

Ancient Disk s Mysterious Code Finally Crackedreddit
Scientists have been trying to decipher the mysterious "Phaistos Disk" ever since the 4,000-year-old clay disk was discovered in 1908 on the Greek island of Crete.
But no one seems to have been able to translate the mysterious language inscribed on the disk, which dates back to 1700 B.C. and the height of the Minoan civilization -- until now.
Dr. Gareth Owens, who has been studying what he cheekily refers to as the " first Minoan CD-ROM ," has figured out not only what the language sounded like but also some of the meaning it conveys, Discovery News reported.
"In collaboration with John Coleman, professor of phonetics at Oxford, we spent six years producing the best possible reading," Owens, a linguist researcher with the Technological Educational Institute of Crete , told The Huffington Post in an email.
(Story continues below)
The front of the Phaistos disk, which is 16 centimeters in diameter.
The back of the Phaistos disk.
The disk can be read in a spiral direction from the outside rim to the inside. Using what previous studies have shown about Cretan hieroglyphics, and the scripts Minoan Linear A and Mycenaean Linear B from ancient Greece, the researcher was able to identify three key words:
IQEKURJA, which may mean "pregnant mother" and/or "goddess."
IQE, which may mean "mother" and/or "goddess" and which appears repeatedly on the disk.
IQEPAJE or IQE-PHAE, which may mean "shining mother" or "goddess."
"The goddess mother has been suspected for a century because of what we think we know about Minoan religion, but the point was to prove it linguistically," Owens said in the email. "The proof is in the pudding."
Watch Dr. Owens describe decrypting the Phaistos disk in this video of his TED Talk below.
More:

Gold  silver remain up on wedding season demand  global cuesNew Delhi, October 29, 2014
Updated: October 29, 2014 15:29 IST
Gold, silver remain up on wedding season demand, global cues
PTI
The Hindu In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity added another Rs. 10 each to Rs. 27,500 and Rs. 27,300 per ten grams.
TOPICS
Gold prices rose further by Rs 10 to Rs 27,500 per ten grams in the national capital on Wednesday on the back of pick-up in buying by jewellers to meet wedding season demand amid a firming global trend.
Silver followed suit and advanced by Rs 150 to Rs 38,400 per kg.
Traders said increased buying by jewellers, driven by wedding season demand and a better trend in global markets ahead of the outcome of the US Federal Reserve’s monetary policy meeting, mainly kept precious metals higher.
Gold in Singapore, which normally sets price trend on the domestic front, traded a shade higher at USD 1,230.27 an ounce.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity added another Rs 10 each to Rs 27,500 and Rs 27,300 per ten grams, respectively, while sovereign remained flat at Rs 24,200 per piece of eight gram.
Silver ready gained Rs 150 to Rs 38,400 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 30 to Rs 38,220 per kg.
Silver coins, however, continued to be traded at last level of Rs 66,000 for buying and Rs 67,000 for selling of 100 pieces.

Sensex soars 217 points to five-week highstock exchanges
The benchmark Sensex on Wednesday surged 217 points to end at five-week high of 27,098.17 powered by gains in interest rate sensitive stocks, tracking rally in global markets ahead of the outcome of US Federal Reserve’s policy meeting.
Besides, hopes of further economic reforms by Modi government, rising rate cut expectations and fall in international oil price too buoyed sentiments, said brokers.
Rising for the straight second straight day, the BSE Sensex reclaimed the key 27,000-mark for the first time since September 22.
It touched the day’s high of 27,107.93 before settling the day with a gain of 217.35 points, or 0.81 per cent, at 27,098.17 points. The gauge had gained 127.92 points in the previous session.
The 50—share NSE Nifty ended 62.85 points, or 0.78 per cent, higher at 8,090.45 after moving between 8,097.95 and 8,052.25 intra—day.
“Expectations from FOMC meet, resultant nervousness and profit booking kept the market range—bound today. We expect US Fed to wrap up its bond buying program but it would continue to maintain low interest rates for long term,” said Rakesh Goyal, Senior Vice President, Bonanza Portfolio.
In addition, covering—up of short positions by speculators ahead of tomorrow’s monthly expiry in the Indian derivatives segment played a part in trading.
Stocks of commercial vehicle makers were in good demand.
Tata Motors shares climbed 3.41 per cent and M&M gained 1.77 per cent among others. Other Sensex components which supported the key indices included Hindalco, Tata Steel, Sesa Sterlite, RIL and Infosys.
Dr Reddy’s Laboratories reported 16.82 per cent decline in consolidated net profit at Rs 574.1 crore for the second quarter. It shares fell over one per cent. Dr Reddy’s peer, Sun Pharma also saw its counter slip over 1 per cent.
The breadth of the market was positive with BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices inching higher.
Sectorwise, BSE Realty index gained the most by rising 2.97 per cent, followed by Metal index (2.63 pc), Auto index (1.79 pc), IT index (1.47 pc), FMCG index (1.23 pc) and Oil & gas index (1.19 pc).

Must-have features for a safe  comfortable carStory
Features worth every paisa
The features in your car matter whether they make your everyday drive easier or end up saving your life in an accident
   Edition: October 2014
Features in your car can make a world of difference in your life? Well, you've come to the right place for the answers. While customers are blessed with the option of choosing the convenience and safety features of their choice, it has also become harder to pick the truly essential ones from the seemingly unlimited choices at their disposal.
One must remember that not every feature available in the market for your car is going to be helpful. There are some that are helpful for the drive and make driving more convenient. There are others that improve your safety in case you meet with an accident.
So, in an effort to make your choices easier, your magazine AutoBild India has gathered together the must-have car features (in no particular order) to help you come to grips with what features are available, what they do, and why you should have them in your next vehicle even though they may add to the cost. End of the day it's your call. Save money and buy a bare minimum car or own a safe and comfortable vehicle.
REVERSE SENSING SYSTEM
Reverse Sensing System
Many may sneer and say if you can't reverse your car safely, you better not drive at all. But in big cities, with chaotic parking lots and unreliable attendants, it is better to repose faith in a reversing system. A proximity sensor mounted at the back of the vehicle senses when the vehicle gets too close to an object and warns the driver. The system is automatically activated when you engage reverse gear. Small sensors send and receive ultrasonic radio waves, which bounce off obstacles and alert you to their presence. A beeper gradually increases in frequency as the vehicle approaches closer to the object.
AIRBAGS
Airbags are now available in affordable cars. Crash sensors wired to an on-board computer trigger an airbag during a collision. The airbag inflates automatically to prevent occupants from hitting the dashboard, steering wheel or windshield. Side airbags reduce the risk of occupants injuring themselves during a side impact. Although airbags are optional, we recommend them.
ADJUSTABLE COMFORTS
Adjustable steering wheel
Who wouldn't want to customise driving comfort? Most cars have the seating and steering position designed considering an average driver. This setting puts shorter and taller than normal drivers at a disadvantage; the issue can be compensated by virtue of steering adjustments. A steering wheel adjustable for reach can be extended towards or away from the driver and the rake setting can lower or raise the steering wheel.
DEFOGGER
The back window gets just as fogged as the front windshield; however, many cars do not get a rear window defogger as a part of the factory-installed accessories. The defogger clears the mist off your window and hence maintains good visibility. Without this visibility in the rear window, you will be facing a potential safety problem.
ANTILOCK BRAKING SYSTEM
ABS has been introduced in the hatchback segment in recent years. One has to pay a premium but then it's worth the amount as it prevents a car's wheels from locking up during "emergency" braking. Basically ABS allows the driver to steer the car and swerve away from harm's way even under hard braking. This is a key advantage of a car with ABS. However please also bear in mind that merely the presence of ABS is no guarantee of safety. So, drive carefully.
MULTIPLE 12V POWER OUTLETS
Nowadays most of the cars have at least one 12V power outlet on centre console which is actually a boon as it provides a way to charge your mobile phone. We don't recommend chatting on phones while driving but having a fully charged battery helps incase of emergencies. For those who can't live without their MP3 players and iPods, multiple power outlets become their saviour as they can charge them on the go
TRACTION CONTROL
Traction control utilises the ABS to detect and control wheelspin. Sensors monitor the speed of each wheel. If the system recognizes that a wheel is turning faster than its counterpart on the opposite side of the vehicle, it pulses the brake on the faster-spinning wheel in an attempt to transfer power to the wheel with better traction. Traction control can be a big help when you're driving on wet tarmac or other slick surfaces, and if a wheel spins when taking off from a stop.
FOG LAMPS
Adequate light is necessary for you to drive safely. Especially in fog inadequate lights mean that you drive blind. As fog lights produce a low but wide beam of light it penetrates through fog and produce less glare. It helps in improving vision in ugly weather not only in fog but in rain also. Yellow fog lights are considered better because they only emit one part of the light spectrum and scatter less. There are a variety of lights available including HID and xenons.
THINGS YOU DON'T REALLY NEED
There aren't many cars available where any of the following features will be the only differentiating factor between one variant and the next higher one. However if your decision to buy is based on the presence of these then we would say that the features listed are mostly a waste.
Roof rail: How many times have you seen people carrying a ski, or surf board or a bicycle on the car's roof? In India we have neither the culture nor the facilities for pursuing these recreational activities. As far as installation of a carrier is concerned, you can do that even without the roof rails.
Sun roof
Sunroof: In a predominantly hot and sunny country like India, one wants to have smallest glass area to reduce the greenhouse effect. You pay so much for a sunroof that you will hardly use; it just doesn't make sense.
Gear indicator: Although a gear indicator can be useful, even in a manual, if you want to optimise your gear shifting, it is not important enough for you to buy a car solely for its shift indication function.
Heated seats: While in north India winters can get really cold, they don't last very long across the country. A car's normal heating system is usually enough for most Indian conditions.
Cruise control: You live in Rajasthan? Please ignore this little bit. For the rest of you who are not blessed with straight and empty roads the cruise control feature is of no use, since you will not be able to use it in a majority of places after from that one time in the year when you decide to drive down for your holiday.
Courtesy: AutoBild India

What s the Scariest Job in AmericaBoo! What's the scariest job in America?
Ben Popken TODAY
Email
If you think "gravedigger" or "swamp night security guard" is the scariest job in America, the trick is on you.
CareerBuilder released the results of a new online survey conducted this summer that asked 3,103 American workers across industries what jobs they found most "frightful."
Respondents could choose from a list of answers or enter their own, and some of them were pretty surprising.
"Mortician" made the list, which makes sense because of all the dead people. So did "Crime Scene Investigator," also because of the death and dismemberment. Along those lines, the very topical "Microbologist for Infectious Diseases" also ranked, thanks to Ebola.
Video: CareerBuilder released a list of the scariest jobs in America. On the ghoulish list: parent, mortician and more.
Acrophobics said "no thanks" to "Radio, Cellular and Tower Equipment Installer and Repairer." Lionphobes need not apply for "Animal Trainer."
The fear of public speaking and exposure propelled two other jobs onto the list as well: "Politician" and "Stand up Comedian." One makes jokes, the other is one. Neither is very appealing for most of the survey takers.
A whole swath of people seem to have a fear of children. You'll never find them hunting Craigslist ads for jobs as a "Kindergarten Teacher" or "Security Guard at Teen Pop Idol Concert." Being scared of kids is also behind what has to be the scariest job of all, though it does have the most rewarding treats. "Parent."
Email Ben at ben.popken@nbcuni.com or tweet  @bpopken .
Tags:

How one mans private files ended up on Apples iCloud without his consentBy Craig Timberg October 30 Follow @craigtimberg
(AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez)
After security researcher Jeffrey Paul upgraded the operating system on his MacBook Pro last week, he discovered that several of his personal files had found a new home – on the cloud. The computer had saved the files, which Paul thought resided only on his own encrypted hard drive, to a remote server Apple controlled.
“This is unacceptable,” thundered Paul, an American based in Berlin, on his  personal blog a few days later. “Apple has taken local files on my computer not stored in iCloud and silently and without my permission uploaded them to their servers - across all applications, Apple and otherwise.”
He was not alone in either his frustration or surprise. Johns Hopkins University cryptographer Matthew D. Green tweeted his dismay after realizing that some private notes had found their way to iCloud. Bruce Schneier, another prominent cryptography expert, wrote a blog post calling the automatic saving function “both dangerous and poorly documented” by Apple.
The criticism was all the more notable because its target, Apple, had just enjoyed weeks of applause within the computer security community for releasing a bold new form of smartphone encryption capable of thwarting government searches – even when police got warrants. Yet here was an awkward flip side: Police still can gain access to files stored on cloud services, and Apple seemed determined to migrate more and more data to them.
The once-clear line between devices – such as Macs or iPhones – and proprietary cloud services is all but vanishing, security experts warn. And it isn’t just Apple doing it. Microsoft, Google and others increasingly are relying on cheap, easily accessible storage capacity to roll out new features for customers. Apple’s automatic saving function allows users to switch seamlessly between devices, without fear of losing documents or edits.
That’s great news if your Mac gets stolen and you need to buy a new one. But security experts such as Paul are asking, at what price in privacy?
“For me,” said Green in an interview, “this is really shocking. I’ve been taking a lot of confidential notes in business meetings in TextEdit” – one of the programs that automatically saves some files to iCloud.
Confusion about how devices and cloud services interact apparently was a factor in the theft of intimate photos of  dozens of Hollywood celebrities, such as Jennifer Lawrence, last summer. Their phones were secure, but the photos also were stored in online Apple accounts that, while protected by passwords, were vulnerable to hackers, experts say. It’s not clear the victims had any idea their personal photos were on the cloud, but they were -- within the reach of highly skilled Internet creeps.
Paul’s concern is less freelance Internet creeps than the U.S. government, which as he noted in his blog post collects data from U.S. technology companies, including Apple, through the  National Security Agency's PRISM program .
The Supreme Court ruled in June that  cell phones deserve a high level of protection  from police searches, requiring in most cases that a court find probable cause and issue a warrant seeking specific evidence. But the issue is less clear when it comes to information found on cloud services; many companies require warrants but no definitive legal standard has yet emerged for law enforcement access to such information.
As for the NSA and the other high-tech intelligence operations run by governments around the world, the revelations by Edward Snowden make clear that government hackers are ingenious and voracious. And while the best likely can hack their way into any individual phone – even those with the tougher, new encryption offered by Apple – experts say it’s easier to collect data on a mass scale when it’s collected in centralized locations, such as on company cloud servers.
Apple did not reply to a request for comment about Paul’s blog post or the issues he raised, but the company has published a document on the “Support” section of its Web site describing how the automatic saving function works. The gist is that files created on several widely used apps are saved to iCloud as soon as the files are created. When a user later gives the file a name and selects a location to store it, the document is “removed” from iCloud (unless, of course, the user intentionally saves the file to iCloud.) Users can also disable iCloud altogether, keeping files confined to their devices.
But it turns out that many people use these apps without immediately naming documents or designating a place where they should be saved. Green, the Johns Hopkins cryptographer, long has used TextEdit as an easy way to take notes that he thought were safe on his hard drive, only later giving them a file name. For Paul, he used the same program as a way to create the computer equivalent of a Post-it Note – a handy place to jot a range of information, including passwords, private information, even the occasional love letter.
By the time he discovered the files were being uploaded to iCloud, the deed was already done. And though Paul recalled activating iCloud Drive, he could recall no warning that it would operate in this way.
The “huge benefits” of such automatic save features are not lost on Paul, he wrote in an e-mail exchange with the Post. “I enabled iCloud Drive knowingly. What I didn’t sign up for was my local private data outside of a specific part of my system being synchronized without additional consent, automatically.”
As Paul’s blog post bounced around the Web, other researchers discovered another twist to the Mac’s automatic iCloud save function. It didn’t arrive with Yosemite, the new operating system released this month. The “Support” document Apple published on the subject was dated December 16, 2013, when the previous operating system, called Mavericks, was still new. The automatic saving function might go back even further – yet few seemed to notice its introduction.
This is at the core of the complaints by Paul and Green. If a document is going to be transmitted across the Internet to a cloud server, they want to be warned first – and have a chance to object if they deem it too private.
It’s an option other users – even those who don’t study security issues for a living – might well want if they understood what was happening to their files. But how many do?
Paul wrote in an e-mail, “If you take 100 people and sit them down in front of a factory-new machine running Yosemite with iCloud Drive and have them open TextEdit, create a new window, type their darkest secrets into that window, and power the machine off without saving it anywhere - how many of those 100 would believe that the data hadn’t left the room?”
Craig Timberg is a national technology reporter for The Post.

The new networks connecting professionalsVertical dimensions to social networking
Hannah Kuchler in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/83bbe280-5fc7-11e4-986c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Polls signal Ukraines shift to westPolls signal Ukraine’s westward shift
Roman Olearchyk and Neil Buckley in Kiev
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f78642a2-5d09-11e4-9753-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Staff who get stuff done© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d77f4d06-4fc0-11e4-908e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rohit Sharma admits he was a bundle of nerves on eve of comebackRohit Sharma had been in and out of the team for several times now. (Source: Express photo by Kevin DSouza)
Written by Devendra Pandey | Mumbai | Posted: October 31, 2014 3:29 am | Updated: October 31, 2014 11:34 am
India opener Rohit Sharma admitted he was nervous and not feeling confident about his batting on the eve of facing the Sri Lankans in India A’s practice game at Cricket Club of India on Thursday. However, all his fears proved unfounded as the stylish right-hander slammed a brilliant 142 at the Brabourne Stadium.
The 27-year-old was playing his first game after nearly two months, after undergoing a surgery on a finger on his right hand. “I was not feeling confident in the nets, so somewhere there was a doubt on how I would perform. There were a lot of things running through my mind. Will I be able to play a particular shot or not? Will I manage to play cut shot or not? Will I be able to play cover drive or not?” Sharma told The Indian Express, visibly relieved after his comeback ton in the practice game.
Sharma is happy with the way he batted against a decent Lankan attack and says that before going in to bat his intention was only to stay as long as he could at the crease. He wanted to regain his match fitness and more importantly check how he felt about his game.
“It’s not like I wanted to prove anything. I started off slow but I knew that I will take some time to get back into the groove. It’s not easy to bat after such a long time. I was ready to struggle. The way Unmukt was batting allowed me to take my time. I have played lots of games in CCI and I know that if we managed to get past the first eight overs, then the track helps batters,” he added.
India ‘A’ managed a massive score of 382 in 50 overs and Sharma’s blistering innings came in 111 balls which had 18 fours and one six. His innings boasted of all the shots in his arsenal – there were cuts which raced away for fours in the latter half of his innings and Sharma also managed to play drives frequently.
More rest
Post-surgery this was his first competitive game. However, despite scoring a hundred, Sharma has been asked to take 10 more days rest before he joins the Indian team for the fourth and fifth ODI.
Mumbai Cricket Association (MCA) picked a squad for Mumbai which will take part in the Vijay Hazare Trophy, which doesn’t feature Sharma’s name. An MCA selector said, “Sandeep Patil is keen that Sharma plays the fourth and fifth ODI so he wanted him to take rest.”
Meanwhile, Sharma is planning to take part in a few local games before he returns to national duty.
“I might play a few local games. I always believe that no matter how many runs you’ve scored in your career doesn’t matter. One should always go in with match practice; it is very important.

Second Test  3rd ton: That man Younis Khan  againPakistan's Younis Khan was at Australia again on a flat track at Abu Dhabi, scoring his 3rd consecutive century against the team. (Source: AP)
By: Associated Press | Abu Dhabi | Posted: October 31, 2014 3:21 am | Updated: October 31, 2014 8:09 am
Younis Khan struck his third straight century and Azhar Ali also reached triple figures to put Pakistan in control at 304-2 after the first day of the second test against Australia Thursday. Khan, who made 106 and 103 not out in the two inning in the Dubai test match that Pakistan won by 221 runs, was unbeaten on 111. Giving him company at stumps was Ali, who was not out on 101 and added 208 runs for the unbroken third wicket partnership with Khan.
It was Khan’s 27th century and he became only the second batsmen in the history of Test cricket to score three consecutive hundreds against Australia. The only player before him to do so was England’s Herbert Sutcliffe in the 1924-25 series in Australia.
It was a different Khan on display Thursday. Unlike his usual dour self, Khan scored at a brisk pace, reaching his 100 in just 128 balls with a lofted boundary off Maxwell. It was his 10th boundary of the innings, along with a six. Azhar reached his century off what turned out to be the penultimate ball of day, when he cover drove Mitchell Marsh for three runs. It was his sixth career century and fifth in the UAE.
Pakistan lost a wicket each in the first two sessions of the day, but despite Australia taking the second new ball as soon as it was due in the post-tea session, there was no luck for its bowlers. Khan and Ali scored 146 runs in the 36 overs in the final session, with Ali contributing 74 of them. That was in complete contrast to the post-lunch session when he toiled for just 15 runs.
Captain Misbah-ul Haq won a crucial toss for Pakistan, and they were given a decent opening start of 57 runs by Ahmed Shehzad and Mohammad Hafeez, before offspinner Nathan Lyon trapped Shehzad lbw for 35. He had earlier escaped against the same bowler on 20 when wicket-keeper Haddin dropped a regulation catch. Hafeez was the only man out in the second session, edging a good delivery shaping away from the batsman from Mitchell Johnson into the safe gloves of Brad Haddin behind the wickets when on 45.
Pakistan announced an unchanged team from the one that won the first test in Dubai, while Australia made two changes. Captain Michael Clarke bolstered the pace attack by bringing in Mitchell Starc in place of left-arm spinner Steve O’Keefe, while allrounder Glenn Maxwell replaced specialist batsman Alex Doolan, who failed in both innings in Dubai. A draw or a win would give Pakistan a rare series win over Australia. They have beaten them five times before at home, but their last series victory came 20 years ago in 1994.
Brief scores: Pakistan first innings 304 for two in 88 overs (Younis Khan 111 continued…

Kerala Blasters register seasons first winKerala Balsters players celebrate their goal against FC Pune City at Shri Shiv Chhatrapati sports complex in Pune. (Source: ISL)
By: Express News Service | Pune | Posted: October 31, 2014 3:31 am | Updated: October 31, 2014 11:20 am
In a contest of prestige, spirited Kerala Blasters continued their revival in the league after a bad start by beating Pune FC 1-2 in an away match at Shri Shiv Chhatrapati Sports Complex in Balewadi on Thursday. Though FC Pune City were clear favourites to win the game, a lacklustre performance cost them 3 points and 5th position in the league.
On the other hand, Kerala blasters, who were high on morale after drawing at Salt lake stadium with ISL giants Atletico de Kolkata, repeated their good performance with attacking football to register season’s first win.
Kerala Blasters were dominant in possession from the start of the game and found themselves in the opposition’s half easily. In 8th minute, C S Sabeeth almost opened the scoring for Kerala Blasters when a lucrative cross from Renedy Singh, who played at the right wing, found the striker. However, the ball was punched away by Emanuele Belradi.
Within a few minutes, a quickly taken free-kick by Goossens found David Trezeguet and the veteran scored his second goal of the season for Pune FC with a brilliant volley. As Trezeguet put Pune in front, Kerala spent a restless few minutes as experienced attacking midfielder Renedy Singh and holding midfielder Mehtab Hossain were substituted.
However, throughout these substitutions and a few tense moments, Kerala maintained their domination over the game. Breakthrough came for Kerala, when a superbly taken corner by Scottish Stephen Pearson pierced the Pune defence and fell to the former Auxerre player and captain of Kerala FC, Cederic Hengbart.

Asian Games medallists out of Indian squad for World ChampionshipsPrint
Pinki Jangra alongside Priyanaka Choudhary and Monica Saun are all set to replace Asian Games medal winners. (Source: AP)
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 31, 2014 1:21 am | Updated: October 31, 2014 8:02 am
The three Indian women boxers who won medals at the Incheon Asiad will not be participating in next month’s World Championships in South Korea. The trio in question — Mary Kom (51kg), Sarita Devi (60kg) and Pooja Rani (75kg) — have now been replaced by winners of the Nationals held in Raipur recently. These include Pinki Jangra (51kg), Priyanka Choudhary (60kg) and Monica Saun (75kg).
“Sarita will not be able to take part due to the temporary ban on her. Mary has ruled herself out of the trials. Pooja Rani on the other hand has not returned to the camp and has already missed 12 training sessions. The national champions in the three weight categories will be replacing them,” secretary of Boxing India, Jay Kowli, said.
Boxing India had earlier said the winners of the national championships will get direct entry to the World Championships. However, the selection panel comprising two former international boxers – Rajendra Prasad and Manoj Pingley and coaches Anup Kumar and GS Sandhu – have decided to drop Kavita Chahal and Sweety who are the national champions in the 81kg and over 81kg category respectively. “We did not think Kavita and the boxers in +81 Kg suit the new rules. Hence we have not recommended their names,” Anup said.
While Mary Kom and Pooja Rani have decided to skip the national camp, Sarita had no choice. She had been issued an indefinite ban by the AIBA due to her protest in her semifinal bout at Incheon.
Kowli, however, played down all possibility that boxers at the World Championships might be subject to biased refereeing. “Our boxers do not have to be worried about biased refereeing or scoring in South Korea. The Sarita Devi incident was just a one off incident,” he said.
Kowli added that he was hopeful that the ban on Sarita would be overturned soon. “Sarita has sent her reply to the AIBA and we are hopeful we can get her back to the boxing ring soon.

Demand for big data drives wages boomDemand for big data and skills shortages drives wages boom
By Helen Warrell, Public Policy Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/953ff95a-6045-11e4-88d1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Gadkari to attend Nepal Infrastructure SummitGadkari to attend Nepal Infrastructure Summit
The  big ease  by Japan stokes global stock rallyThe 'big ease' by Japan stokes global stock rally
A surprise move by the Bank of Japan to stimulate its economy has stocks in rally mode.
Post to Facebook
The 'big ease' by Japan stokes global stock rally A surprise move by the Bank of Japan to stimulate its economy has stocks in rally mode. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1wMPYCa
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
The 'big ease' by Japan stokes global stock rally
Adam Shell , USA TODAY 12:41 p.m. EDT October 31, 2014
The press capture the figures displayed on a stock market indicator board in Tokyo on Oct. 31, 2014. Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 stock index surged 4.8% Friday after the Bank of Japan announced additional monetary easing measures to stimulate the economy. (Photo: EPA/CHRISTOPHER JUE)
(Photo: CHRISTOPHER JUE, EPA)
10 CONNECT 23 TWEET LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1wMPYCa
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

Omega to Buy out Rival Aviv in $3B All-Stock DealThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Begin Again and other new DVDsComments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
All comments are posted in the All Comments tab.
Get a badge
To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in.
Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
Spam

Starbucks says it will roll out delivery service to some markets"Imagine the ability to create a standing order that Starbucks delivered hot or iced to your desk daily," Schultz said during the call.
The company declined to provide further details.
The U.S.-dominated Americas region contributes the majority of Starbucks revenue. Sales for the region rose 6 percent for the third quarter, bolstered by a 2 percent increase in traffic.
"We grew traffic, but it was at a bit of slower clip," Troy Alstead, Starbucks' chief operating officer, told Reuters.
Free coffee giveaways and other battles for breakfast customers were not to blame for Starbucks' traffic deceleration, Chief Executive Officer Howard Schultz said on a call with analysts.
This holiday season, the company is giving away 13 "Starbucks for Life" passes to North American users of its Starbucks loyalty card or mobile pay service. Winners will get one free food or drink selection per day for 30 years.
The report from the world's biggest coffee chain came on the heels of disappointing news from breakfast rivals McDonald's Corp and Dunkin' Donuts parent Dunkin' Brands.
While Starbucks reported stronger same-store sales than those chains, its growth paled in comparison to Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc's outsized 19.8 percent jump in same-restaurant sales for the latest quarter.
The Seattle-based company's net income was $587.9 million, or 77 cents per share, for the fiscal fourth quarter that ended Sept. 28. That compared with a loss of $1.23 billion, or $1.64 per share in the year ago quarter, when it booked a large charge related to ending its grocery coffee distribution deal with Kraft.
Starbucks also forecast fiscal 2015 revenue growth of 16 to 18 percent, including more than $1 billion in incremental revenue from the planned acquisition of Starbucks Japan.
It now expects earnings excluding items in the range of $3.08 to $3.13. The company previously forecast earnings growth at the low end of a range of 15 to 20 percent. The new forecast falls in the middle of that range, Chief Financial Officer Scott Maw told Reuters.

Fiscal deficit reaches nearly 83% of Budget estimatesApril-Sept fiscal deficit touches nearly 83 per cent of Budget estimates
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 31, 2014  | 16:52 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The country's fiscal deficit touched 82.6 per cent of the Budget Estimates for 2014-15 to cross Rs 4.38 lakh crore at the end of September.
During the same period of the previous 2013-14 fiscal, the deficit stood at 76 per cent of the Budget estimates (BE).
Net tax receipts in the first half of the current fiscal stood at Rs 3.23 lakh crore, or 33.1 per cent of BE, according to data released by the Controller General of Accounts on Friday.
Total government expenditure during April-September was over Rs 8.62 lakh crore or 48 per cent of the estimates for the entire 2014-15 fiscal year.
Of the total expenditure, planned spending stood at over Rs 2.46 lakh crore, while non-planned spending was Rs 6.15 lakh crore.
Revenue collection was over Rs 4.17 lakh crore or 35.1 per cent of the BE for the period.
Total receipts (from revenue and non-debt capital) of the government during the first six months of the fisal were over Rs 4.23 lakh crore.
Official data showed that the revenue deficit during the period was over Rs 3.45 lakh crore or 91.2 per cent of the full year target.
In the previous fiscal year, the fiscal deficit was over Rs 5.08 lakh crore or 4.5 per cent of gross domestic product (GDP). In 2012-13 the figure stood at 4.9 per cent of GDP.
For FY15, the government has pegged fiscal deficit - gap between government expenditure and revenue - at Rs 5.31 lakh crore or 4.1 per cent of GDP.
To reduce the fiscal deficit to a seven-year low level, the government had on Thursday announced a slew of austerity measures aimed at cutting non-plan spending by 10 per cent.
As per the measures, the government has banned first class air travel for bureaucrats, meetings in five-star hotels and purchase of cars. The Finance Ministry also decided to freeze new appointments.
"Such measures are intended at promoting fiscal discipline, without restricting the operational efficiency of the government," a finance ministry statement said.
The government had put in place a fiscal consolidation roadmap, according to which the fiscal deficit has to be brought down to 3 per cent of the GDP by the 2016-17 fiscal.

Devendras first team: Four CM aspirants  one Amit Shah confidante  one ModimanDevendra Fadnavis, the Maharashtra BJP chief, who led his party to its largest tally ever in the Maharashtra has sworn in as the Chief Minister of the state at a grand ceremony in Mumbai. (Source: PTI)
By: Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: October 31, 2014 5:41 pm | Updated: October 31, 2014 6:02 pm
With eight ministers and two ministers of state, Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis  cabinet is a nifty combination of regions and castes. Often attacked as being a Bharmin party, this cabinet has only one Brahmin apart from the CM himself. It has two Marathas, two OBCs, one SC, one ST, one north Indian, one Vaishya and one Gujarati Brahmin. Four of these have been CM aspirants – Khadse, Tawde, Mungantiwar and Pankaja. At least two are close to PM Narendra Modi and Amit Shah – Chandrakant Patil and Prakash Mehta.
Sudhir Mungantiwar, Vaishya community (trader), Vidarbha
Sudhir Mungantiwar (52) is known in the party for his outspokenness often that can land him in controversy. A fortnight ago has had raked the debate by suggesting that Union Minister Nitin Gadkari should become the chief minister of Maharashtra. The fifth term MLA, representing Ballarpur constituency in districts Chandrapur in Vidarbha, is a happy go lucky individual often seen in state legislative assembly raising the issues of backward region of Vidarbha. Mungantiwar had served as the minister of state for tourism and consumer grievances in the Shiv Sena-BJP government in 1995-99.
Mungantiwar who began his political career from Chandrapur district as BJP’s youth wing leader graduated to contest the assembly elections for the first time in 1995 from Chandrapur assembly constituency. In 2010, he became the state BJP president replacing Nitin Gadkari who was elevated as all India BJP president in Delhi. Mungantiwar has a passion for singing and reciting “shayaris”.
Vinod Tawde, Maratha, Mumbai
The leader of the opposition in state legislative council, Vinod Tawde has always made his mark in the organisation for his strategies and planning. Tawde (51), made his debut in assembly elections by contesting from Borivali assembly seat in October 25, 2014 election. He won the Borivali assembly seat with a record of 79,000 votes. Tawde who has served three terms as MLC has often been in the forefront raising critical issues related to urban and rural Maharashtra.
An engineer (BE in Electronics), he joined the Akhil Bharatiya Vidhyarthi Parishad when he was in college. Whether it was general secretary of the party or leading the state council, he has always played a key role in the organisation. Tawde whose home is Mumbai and roots in Konkan has often tried to play the “Maratha” card to establish his leadership in state and party. During the election campaign,
Tawde announced that he would become home minister and would “send Ajit Pawar to jail”.
Eknath Khadse, Leva-Patil, North Maharashtra
As leader of the Opposition, the 62-year-old Khadse’s fiery speeches on the floor of the Vidhan Bhavan were always fodder for headlines. More recently, Khadse was in the news for having kept himself in the race for Maharashtra chief ministership until the very continued…

Devendra Fadnavis sworn in as Maharashtra CM; Modi  Uddhav attend ceremony at WankhedestadiumDevendra Fadnavis waves to the crowd after being sworn in as chief minister of Maharashtra on Friday. (Source: AP)
Written by Shubhangi Khapre | Mumbai | Posted: November 1, 2014 12:58 am | Updated: November 1, 2014 8:07 am
Devendra Fadnavis on Friday took oath as the first BJP Chief Minister of Maharashtra at a grand function held at Mumbai’s Wankhede Stadium. Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray, whose party had earlier decided to stay away from the oath-taking ceremony, attended the function after a last-minute change of mind following a call from BJP national president Amit Shah in the morning.
Thackeray’s presence at the swearing-in ceremony triggered talks of the possibility of rapprochement between the BJP and the Shiv Sena over government formation.
See highlights of the day here
“Uddhavji attended the swearing-in ceremony of Devendra Fadnavis after BJP president Amit Shah called him up to extend invitation,” Sena MP Vinayak Raut said. “Amit Shah also assured Uddhavji of a positive decision on participation of Shiv Sena in the new government and we are hopeful there will be a positive outcome when talks are held.”
Although Thackeray had a brief meeting with Shah after the ceremony, it was not clear what they discussed or when the formal talks between the two parties will resume.
The Shiv Sena chief also exchanged greetings with Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who also attended the oath-taking ceremony along with the chief ministers of BJP-ruled states.
READ: Full profile of ministers
A team of nine ministers, including seven cabinet ministers, were also administered the oath of office at the function. The cricket stadium echoed with a round of thunderous applause as Fadnavis, accompanied by wife Amruta, walked to the podium to take oath as the Chief Minister.
The seven cabinet ministers who took oath were Eknath Khadse, Sudhir Mungantiwar, Vinod Tawde, Prakash Mehta, Chadrakant Patil, Pankaja Munde and Vishnu Sawara. The two ministers of state, who were also administered oath, were include Dileep Kamble and Vidhya Thakur. The composition of the cabinet ensured representation from Vidarbha, North Maharashtra, Western Maharashtra, Marathawada and Mumbai (Konkan).
READ:  The task ahead for Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis
While Fadnavis is only the second Brahmin Chief Minister after Shiv Sena’s Manohar Joshi in the state, care was taken to give representation to backward castes and communities. While Vishnu Sawara is from a Scheduled Tribe community, Dileep Kamble belongs to a Scheduled Caste. The nine-member team also included Prakash Mehta, a Gujarati, and Vidhya Thakur, who is from the North Indian community.
While Fadnavis and Mungantiwar represent the cotton belt of Vidarbha, where the BJP won 44 of the 62 seats, Chandrakant Patil and Dilip Kamble represent western Maharashtra where the party made deep inroads, challenging the Congress and NCP. While Khadse is north Maharashtra, Pankaja Munde, daughter of the late Gopinath Munde, is from Marathwada.

First look of Ajiths Yennai Arindhaal released  goes viral withinhoursThe poster where Ajith is seen riding an bike went absolutely viral on social media and was the world top trend on Twitter for a few hours.
Written by Durgesh Haridas | New Delhi | Posted: October 31, 2014 5:52 pm
The poster of Tamil actor  Ajith Kumar’s much awaited 55th movie – Yennai Arindhaal (If you know me) was released on Thursday and the poster where Ajith is seen riding a bike went absolutely viral on social media and was the world top trend on Twitter for a few hours.
Yennai Arindhaal, directed by Gautham Vasudev Menon, will see Ajith sporting three different looks in the movie. Film has music by Harris Jayaraj. Harris and Gautham Menon are teaming up after a six year gap.
This November is all set to be a treat for Thala’s fans as the official teaser and the music will be released in the course of the month.
The  movie also marks the debut of director Gautham Menon’s sister as a costume designer. ‘Yennai Arindhaal’ is in the final stages of shooting and recording for four of the five songs in the movie have been completed.

Kill Dil trio Ranveer  Parineeti  Ali in NakhrileysongThe video features the lead actors – Ranveer Singh, Parineeti Chopra and Ali Zafar dressed in cowboy gear as they dance to the music.
Written by Sunitra Pacheco , Edited by Sarika Sharma | Mumbai | Posted: October 31, 2014 5:42 pm
After creating much hype with their interesting posters, the ‘Kill Dil’ team is back in the news with a new song titled, ‘Nakhriley’.
The video features the lead actors – Ranveer Singh, Parineeti Chopra and Ali Zafar dressed in cowboy gear as they dance to the music. While the boys look dashing, Parineeti is lovely in a strapless corset with a flowing skirt and boots. However, there’s no sign of Govinda in the track.
Composed by musical trio Shankar-Ehsaan-Loy, ‘Nakhriley’ has been penned by Gulzar and sung by Shankar Mahadevan, Ali Zafar, Mahalakshmi Iyer and Gulzar again.
Directed by Shaad Ali, ‘Kill Dil’ is slated to hit theatres on November 14.

Deflation  not inflation  the new risk for e...Deflation, not inflation, the new risk for economy
New York Times Oct 31, 2014, 06.10PM IST
Tags:
(A generation of economists…)
By Floyd Norris
"Be very, very careful what you put into that head, because you will never, ever get it out." - Cardinal Thomas Wolsey on King Henry VIII
So it is with inflation. A generation of economists and central bankers who lived through the 1970s learned that there is a large risk from runaway inflation and that steps must be taken to stop it before it gets out of control.
In reality, the threat these days comes from inflation that is too low, or even from deflation. Many of the world's economic problems would be reduced if we could get more inflation than we have now.
Unfortunately, some central banks concluded after the first bit of revival from the Great Recession that it was time to tighten credit, lest superlow interest rates bring a burst of inflation pressure. They saw a need to confront the possibility of soaring prices before it was too late.
The Swedish central bank, which began to raise interest rates in 2010, in part because of worries about a housing price bubble, completed its reversal of policy on Tuesday, cutting its target interest rate to zero after raising it as high as 2 per cent in 2011. But Lars E.O. Svensson, a noted economist who resigned from the Swedish central bank board last year, warned that more steps might be needed, including negative interest rates.
The Swedish blunder was not as great as the one committed by the European Central Bank when it raised rates in 2008 - a worse time to do that is hard to imagine - and then again in 2011. Mario Draghi, who became ECB president in late 2011, has done yeoman work to offset the damage of that policy, but consumer price indexes in several eurozone countries are indicating deflation has arrived.
On Wednesday, the Federal Reserve's Federal Open Market Committee sort of ended its program of buying long-term Treasury bonds and mortgage-backed securities, known as QE for quantitative easing. But it will not unwind those purchases, at least for the time being. As the securities it owns mature, the Fed will roll over the proceeds into new securities.
Now, with quantitative easing ending, what has the Fed accomplished?
It has helped the economy, though not nearly to the extent that might have been hoped. Inflation, far from accelerating as some conservative economists forecast, has been running consistently below the Fed's 2 per cent target. The Fed's preferred measure, the index of personal consumption expenditures, is up 1.5 per cent over the last 12 months, both overall and excluding volatile food and energy prices. It has been more than two years since either measure was up as much as 2 per cent. Imagine the criticism that would be hurled at the Fed if inflation had been running above its target for that long.
What we have not heard from the Fed is any clarification of what it will do if inflation does not pick up, let alone if it falls close to or below zero.
"The real question," said Jon Faust, an economist at Johns Hopkins University, "is how the FOMC will express its commitment to getting inflation back to 2 per cent." Until he left the Fed this summer, he was a special adviser to the last two Fed leaders, Ben Bernanke and Janet Yellen.
Faust was speaking before the Fed's statement Wednesday. The answer was that the Fed did not have many words about the question, let alone the "words with teeth" that Faust believes are likely to become appropriate.
  The only dissent at Wednesday's meeting came from Narayana Kocherlakota, the president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis, who in a speech this month said, "In my view, inflation below 2 per cent is just as much of a problem as inflation above 2 per cent." He wanted a commitment to push inflation up to 2 per cent.
"The likelihood of inflation running persistently below 2 per cent has diminished somewhat since early this year" was all the Fed statement had to say about the issue.
There is nothing magic about 2 per cent, and some economists think that a 3 or 4 per cent target might make more sense. But you don't have to favor a higher target to realize the current inflation rate is not helping the economy.
At the moment, the threat of deflation is clearly greater in Europe than it is in the United States, and presumably some of the factors forcing prices down, including falling agricultural commodity and energy prices and a strengthening dollar, will diminish as time goes on. But if those weakening commodity prices signal a coming decline in economic activity around the world, the picture could worsen.
What is needed is for Fed officials, and other economists, to make clear some of the damage that low inflation can inflict on an economy. They make adjustments harder for countries that need to become more competitive. Cutting nominal wages is difficult and can be devastating for workers facing fixed costs, like mortgage expenses. But if there is inflation, real wages can decline as nominal wages remain level.

http://usat.ly/1tnSDm3FacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Investing: 2 men save same, end up $234K apart
Out here in Exampleland, Pete and Frank always leave Philadelphia at noon and pass Helen and Irma in  Altoona at 4:30, but no one will tell you how fast they're going. And when you're planning for retirement,
Post to Facebook
Investing: 2 men save same, end up $234K apart Out here in Exampleland, Pete and Frank always leave Philadelphia at noon and pass Helen and Irma in  Altoona at 4:30, but no one will tell you how fast they're going. And when you're planning for retirement, Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1tGtBOQ
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
59
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Investing: 2 men save same, end up $234K apart
John Waggoner , USA TODAY 8:34 a.m. EDT October 31, 2014
Save early and often is familiar advice from financial planners.
(Photo: Thinkstock)
949 CONNECT 172 TWEET 127 LINKEDIN 59 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Out here in Exampleland, Pete and Frank always leave Philadelphia at noon and pass Helen and Irma in Altoona at 4:30, but no one will tell you how fast they're going. And when you're planning for retirement, you can always figure out what percentage of your income you can save, but no one here will tell you what you'll have when you leave the office for the last time.
Today we're going to show why, and what you can learn from that — because you can always learn something in Exampleland. We're going to start with Joe, who started saving for retirement at age 30 in 1975 and retired at age 65. Joe's younger brother, Ralph, also started saving at age 30, but does so four years later. You'll soon see why Joe hates Ralph, and it's not because Ralph briefly dated Abba's Agnetha Fältskog while visiting relatives in Sweden.
Joe invested all his retirement money in the Standard and Poor's 500-stock index and reinvested his dividends. So did Ralph. Each of them earned the median family income — half is higher, half lower. For Joe, that started at $11,800 in 1975, or $46,453, adjusted for inflation. For Ralph, who starts saving in 1979, that's $16,461, or $49,225 adjusted for inflation. Wage growth was a real thing in the 1970s.
Both Joe and Ralph saved 10% of their income each year for retirement. We use nominal dollars for our calculation — that is, not adjusted for inflation — because those are the kind of dollars you get deducted from your paycheck.
Why does Joe hate Ralph? Because Joe retired with $672,000 in his retirement account, while Ralph left work with $906,000 — a difference of $234,000.
As can only happen in Exampleland, both Joe and Ralph had identical savings plans, but they would end up with vastly different results. The reason was entirely due to accidents of birth. Joe retired at the end of 2009, shortly after the worst bear market since the Great Depression, while Ralph, who retired at the end of 2013, had time for his investments to recover and even grow larger.
Investing: Can you retire on $1 million?
What can we learn from this example? Several things.
•The stock market is a fair-weather friend. Returns from stocks are often the worst when you need your money the most. The recession officially lasted from December 2007 through June 2009, a period when both Joe and Ralph were likely to be laid off — and when their retirement savings took a massive hit. The stock market's losses would have made a tremendous difference in Joe's retirement lifestyle. If he were to start retirement with a 5% withdrawal, he'd get about $33,500 a year, vs. $45,250 for Ralph.
•Assuming you don't get laid off, consider working longer if the market is down sharply at your planned retirement date. Had Joe hung in for another four years, he would have retired with $1.2 million, assuming he kept contributing at the same rate.
•It's always good to be diversified, at least in the decade or so before you retire. Let's say that  Joe moved to a typical balanced fund — 60% stocks and 40% bonds — in the decade before his retirement. He'd have been sitting on $845,000 in 2009.
The problem with examples, of course, is that they assume people do exactly what they should do, rather than what people really do. Joe wouldn't have had an index fund available to him when he started investing: The Vanguard 500 Index fund was still just a twinkle in Vanguard founder Jack Bogle's eye in 1975. Neither one would have had a 401(k) savings plan to start.
It would have been far more likely that Joe started investing in one the largest funds of the day. In 1975, that would have been the Dreyfus fund. It has returned an average 10.16% a year since 1975, vs. 12.15% for the S&P 500 with dividends reinvested.
Of the 10 largest funds of 1975, only two — the American Funds Investment Co. of America (12.96% a year) and Fidelity Puritan (12.5%) have beaten the S&P 500. It's worth noting that one of the 10 largest funds in 1975 was Dreyfus Liquid Assets, a money fund, which earned 6.68% that year. After the soul-searing bear market of 1972-1973, it would have been far more likely that Joe and Ralph would have chosen a money fund for their savings.
8 tips to maximize your 401(k) for retirement
Finally, there are two other things to note from Exampleland. The first is that the main determinant of how big your account will be at retirement is the amount of money you put in. Had Ralph, the younger brother, put in 8% of his salary a year, rather than 10%, his account would have been worth about $725,000, and Joe probably would have forgiven him for beating him in the international whistling championship of 1988.
The second biggest factor is the amount of time you save. If Ralph had delayed saving for five years, he would have retired with $549,000 instead of $906,000.
Most important, you probably shouldn't focus on trying to figure out where the markets will be at any given point in time. It's time better spent doing more productive things, like alphabetizing your spice rack. Focus instead on how much you save and what you can do if things don't work out. And don't be like Joe. He's still bitter about Ralph's close friendship with Wolfgang Puck.
Video Keywords retirement planning retirement strategy automated tools balanced growth payroll deduction retirement plan
USA TODAY contributor Regina Lewis explains why a 20 minute financial planning session benefits you. (Money Quick Tips, USA TODAY)
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:02  -- -- Often the higher the stakes and the greater
00:07  the degree of importance to us. The more people need something
00:10  with resistance it's the stuff Democrats in session is made up
00:14  whether or work out or -- financial planning session twenty minutes
00:17  can make a real difference. Most financial planners say retired households
00:21  spend about 80%. Of what working households do. Why one reason
00:25  is the assumption that you won't be driving to work or
00:27  need that -- portrait. But overall that's not a big drop
00:30  off and the cash to fund later years have to compete
00:33  somewhere. Bottom line winging it is just too risky here's the
00:37  good news in as little as twenty minutes you could make
00:39  some significant strides. According to the financial experts we spoke with.
00:44  Here's their advice step number one conduct a quick reality check
00:49  start finding a free calculator on -- There are lots of
00:52  terrific ones and plugging in various data points as one of
00:55  the quickest ways to gauge where things stand. Source include most
00:59  major banking sites along with fidelity AARP TI AEA craft vanguard
01:04  and Schwab. You don't have to be an existing customers --
01:07  many of the tools provided by the site. Number two --
01:11  with the numbers. Let's put some real mapped against retirement scenarios.
01:15  For instance if you happen 30000 dollars in the workplace retirement
01:19  plan as a today. And -- adding 250 dollars on a
01:23  monthly basis often based on an automatic payroll deduction happens automatically.
01:28  If you weren't 6% on that money they're reasonable assumption for
01:31  investing in many retirement plan options and and the power of
01:35  compound interest kicks it. After twenty years your portfolio total would
01:40  grow to about 2101000. Dollars. If you increase your contribution by
01:45  100 dollars a month it could field an extra 46%. Compound
01:51  interest makes your balanced growth faster and it's one of the
01:54  single most important components of retirement strategy. And more time the
01:58  money has to work and the higher the number it's working
02:01  went the more you benefit which is why an early start
02:04  and contributing as much as you can so he. Playing around
02:07  with the calculators really demonstrates the impact. Number three set goals
02:12  and make -- personalized plan that's highly specific got two minutes
02:16  here. The first schedule an appointment with an advisor it's important
02:20  to know how they're going to be compensated in the there's
02:22  often no fee for the initial consultation. The more you know
02:26  about retirement planning the more strategic -- can be it can
02:29  also log on as they gassed. On some of the major
02:32  web site and use their automated tools beyond the calculators to
02:36  generate customized action plan. Just follow the prompts the last few
02:40  series of questions income agents at track and you'll get a
02:43  readout of where you are. -- where you like to be
02:46  would suggest adjustments to make I did it just this week
02:49  was compelled to make several changes for USA today which analysts.
949 CONNECT 172 TWEET 127 LINKEDIN 59 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1tGtBOQ

The evolution of this years House races  in one chartBy Philip Bump October 31 Follow @pbump
Even when no one else is paying attention to politics, the  Cook Political Report chugs along, rating each House race by how likely it is to change hands in the next election. Last January -- no, I mean in January 2013 -- the site had begun shuffling seats from across the country into its rating system. A bunch of seats in California were "Likely Democrat," meaning that the Democratic incumbents would probably win, but it might actually be a race. Several other seats were "leaning" for their party, meaning they would be closer. And there were already six seats that were expected to be toss-ups -- too close to call even 22 months ago.
Races move into and out of the categories in most of the site's updates, which happen more regularly as events (like announced retirements or government shutdowns) dictate. Meaning that if you track the seats over time, you get a decent sense for how the election will shape up.
Below is every update to the Cook ratings that is currently online since last January. The darker the color, the safer the seat for the appropriate party. (With the exception of expected pick-ups; blue blocks in red territory mean the Republicans are likely to grab a seat that was a Democrat's, and vice versa.) The white line delineates the region that is considered "contested" by the site.
First, notice what's happened over the last few updates. The white line showing the contested seats held by Democrats has slid downward as more seats become toss-ups. The number of Republican contested seats flattened out earlier this year and has largely stayed flat. (The drop-off on the Republican rating happened over the month of July. The bars are not scaled by time horizontally.) The big jump on the Republican side late in 2013 was the shutdown, which moved several Republican seats into play (often only temporarily).
As it stands now, if Democrats and Republicans won their toss-ups and the likely/lean seats, Democrats would pick up one Republican seat (CA-31) and the Republicans would pick up three Democratic ones (NY-21, NC-07, and UT-04). (All four of those seats are held by retiring members of the House.) Which is not how Election Day will work. As with Senate races , one party or the other will probably pick up more of the toss-up and leaner districts -- and that party, given the trend Cook has shown over recent updates, will probably be the Republicans.
But that only became clear relatively recently.
Philip Bump writes about politics for The Fix. He is based in New York City.

Rupee strengthens 9 paise against dollarRupee strengthens 9 paise against dollar
Asia Pacific Market: Stocks rise on US growth report  Bank of Japan moveAsia Pacific Market: Stocks rise on US growth report  Bank of Japan move
Sardar Patel s school turned into memorial at Karamsad villageSardar Patel s school turned into memorial at Karamsad village
IDBI Bank net dips to Rs 118 cr on higher employee cost  provisioningIDBI Bank net dips to Rs 118 cr on higher employee cost, provisioning
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 31:  
IDBI Bank today said its net profit fell by 38 per cent to Rs 118.49 crore in the second quarter ended September 30 in the current financial year on higher employee cost and provisioning.
The bank’s net profit during the same quarter a year ago stood at Rs 192.27 crore.
The bank made provisioning towards bad loans of Rs 990.47 crore during July-September, 2014—15; up from Rs 878.72 crore in the same quarter of 2013—14.
Meanwhile, employee cost went up to 497.31 crore during the quarter from Rs 360.49 crore a year earlier.
“Total income has increased from Rs 7,114.44 crore to Rs 7,610.52 crore for the quarter ended September” it said in a BSE filing.
The non-performing assets (NPAs) rose to 5.72 per cent in Q2—FY15, from 4.98 per cent year ago.
Net NPAs, however, reduced to 2.79 per cent of total advances as of September 30, from 2.82 per cent year earlier.
IDBI Bank shares closed at Rs 70.55 apiece on the BSE today, up 3.37 per cent from the previous close.
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

DuPont opens multi-crop research centre in HyderabadDuPont opens multi-crop research centre in Hyderabad
M Somasekhar
Hyderabad, Oct. 31:  
DuPont Inc has launched its newest multi-crop research centre (MCRC) in Hyderabad today.
The plant breeding and research facility enables the DuPont Pioneer seed business to bring innovation to multiple crops that are grown locally and help improve the productivity of Indian farmers.
Over the last few years, DuPont Pioneer has expanded its global research capacity and competencies by building similar research centres in the United States, Brazil and China.
"Our investment in this Centre demonstrates our commitment to harness DuPont global science to create local solutions for Indian farmers and help address food security challenges," said Balvinder Singh Kalsi, president - DuPont South Asia & ASEAN, in a press release.
Spread across a land area of about more than 100 acres, the construction of the MCRC began in May 2012. It will accommodate up to 120 researchers engaged in corn, rice, millet, mustard and cotton hybrid seeds development catering to the farmers in the Indian subcontinent. DuPont already has its Knowledge Centre in Hyderabad.
The facility will enable the deployment breeding technologies such as molecular breeding, doubled haploids for development of high quality hybrids adapted to local and regional growing conditions.
Sharad Khurana, country manager - DuPont Pioneer India said "Working closely with the farmers across India, we know, they expect us to develop novel products that are widely adaptable to different soil types and weather conditions and are able to offer higher yields consistently with better tolerance towards pests and diseases. This facility will help us bring them the required crop solutions for the future."
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

Fiat car sales grow three-fold inGujaratin two yearsFiat car sales grow three-fold in Gujarat in two years
Our Bureau 
Tweet
Ahmedabad, Oct 31:  
Gujarat seems to have become a growth driver for the Italian car maker, Fiat. To the company’s credit is the recent bulk order by a Surat-based diamond trader, who gifted Fiat Punto Evo to his 491 employees as Diwali Bonanza.
However, this was just an addition to company’s ongoing growth journey in Gujarat, maintained Nagesh Basavanhalli, president and MD, Fiat Chrysler Automobiles - India Operations. The company’s car sales have grown manifold over the past couple of years.
Senior company officials maintained that car sales have grown by three-times from an average about 50 cars (all segments) per month two years ago to about 145 cars per month now. Company claimed that Gujarat’s contribution to India’s total automobile sales is about 9 per cent, while for Fiat, the state contributes about 11 per cent to the total sales. The company has seven outlets in the state at present.
Basavanhalli was in the town to launch company’s latest model, Avventura – Contemporary Urban Vehicle (CUV) in Gujarat market.
“In just 10 days of opening the booking, we have received about 500 bookings for the car. There is a waiting period of about 3 weeks for delivery of the vehicle. The response to the new Fiat car is overwhelming and we look forward to healthy growth with this model,” said Basavanhalli. Avventura is priced at Rs 609,177 (ex showroom Ahmedabad).
According to him, the SUV segment has been growing at the faster pace than the overall automobile market.
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

Ukraine prepares to voteOctober 24, 2014 10:00 pm
Ukraine prepares to vote
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9ac5ea00-5b73-11e4-a674-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

http://usat.ly/1wQ4RpOFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
$3 billion deal lifts Aviv REIT shares
Shares of Aviv REIT rocketed double-digits early Friday before the market opened, after it was announced that the healthcare real estate investment trust was to be purchased by rival Omega Healthcare for $3
Post to Facebook
$3 billion deal lifts Aviv REIT shares Shares of Aviv REIT rocketed double-digits early Friday before the market opened, after it was announced that the healthcare real estate investment trust was to be purchased by rival Omega Healthcare for $3 Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1wN29yP
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
$3 billion deal lifts Aviv REIT shares
Bruce Horovitz , USA TODAY 10:24 a.m. EDT October 31, 2014
With an aging population of Baby Boomers entering retirement age – and expected to live longer lifetimes than the generation before them – the need for nursing facilities has never been greater.
(Photo: Projector Media)
2 CONNECT 17 TWEET LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
Shares of Aviv REIT rocketed double-digits early Friday before the market opened after it was announced that the health care real estate investment trust was to be purchased by rival Omega Healthcare for $3 billion.
Aviv REIT shares were up 14.62% or $4.40 to $34.50 about an hour before the opening bell.  Omega shares were up a fraction.
They two companies are both significant players in the health care industry, owning hundreds of skilled nursing facilities with tens of thousands of beds between them.  With an aging population of Baby Boomers entering retirement age – and expected to live longer lifetimes than the generation before them – the need for nursing facilities has never been greater.
Aviv shareholders will receive a portion of Omega stock valued at $34.97 for each Aviv share in a deal designed to be tax-free to shareholders, the companies said Friday. That represents a premium of more than 16% to Omega's closing price Thursday.
Omega shareholders will own about 70% of the combined company, and Omega CEO Taylor Pickett will stay on as chief executive. Aviv Chairman and CEO Craig Bernfield will join the combined company's board, along with two other directors from Aviv.
The deal is expected to close in next year's first quarter.
"The combination of Omega and Aviv creates the premier pure-play skilled nursing facility REIT which, with the expertise and proven track records of the combined management teams, will be well-positioned to continue as the leading consolidator in the large, highly fragmented skilled nursing facility industry," Omega CEO Taylor Pickett said in a statement."
Hunt Valley, Maryland-based Omega's portfolio, includes 562 nursing homes, assisted living properties and specialty hospitals. Aviv, which is based in Chicago, owns 312 properties.  It oversees approximately 63,532 licensed beds in 37 states and operated by 50 third-party health care operating companies.
Aviv owns 312 properties with 26,520 licensed beds, that are triple-net leased to 38 operators in 29 states.
The deal gives the two skilled nursing facility powerhouses an edge in the market, said Aviv's Bernfield. "The market opportunity is significant due to highly fragmented ownership and lack of competition from other well capitalized companies." he said in a statement.
Contributing: Associated Press
2 CONNECT 17 TWEET LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1wN29yP
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

Dow Futures Up 200 PointsVIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE
Upcoming Coverage
THE BIG NUMBER: US Adds 321K Jobs in November, Strongest...
12/08/2014 @ 9:30 AM ET
{"btnClass":"cta_link","link":"#","date":"12/08/2014","endTime":1418049900000,"id":"12/08/2014-0","startTime":1418049000000,"startTimeISO":"20141208T093000","title":"THE BIG NUMBER: US Adds 321K Jobs in November, Strongest...","startTimeText":"9:30 AM ET","linkText":"Add to Calendar","endTimeISO":"20141208T094500","conedID":20646307,"pastEvent":false,"recurring":true}
Story Stock

Most expensive hotel room (we could get into): NYCmost expensive hotel room (we could get into): nyc
US third-quarter wage gains largest since 2008US third-quarter wage gains largest since 2008
Karnataka Bank Q2 net trebles at Rs 88 crKarnataka Bank Q2 net trebles at Rs 88 cr
Rajiv Mehrishi takes over as Secretry  Department of Economic Affairs  Ministry of FinanceRajiv Mehrishi takes over as Secretry  Department of Economic Affairs  Ministry of Finance
Nokia to suspend operations at Chennai plant from Nov 1Nokia to suspend operations at Chennai plant from Nov 1
Jaitley s austerity measures not enough to beat fiscal deficitJaitley s austerity measures not enough to beat fiscal deficit
Apcotex... le dala to life zingalala.... just see results & price rock...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

relate the below to what skr was talking about impact of progra...169 Followers
A share on mobile ad dollar revenues into next few years:
Mobile will likely continue to grab ad dollars away from these formats—and possibly others—as it continues its rapid expansion over the coming years. This year, eMarketer estimates that US advertisers will increase spending on mobile ads by 78.0%, pushing the total to nearly $19 billion, and next year, growth will come in at 50.0% for mobile ad spending of $28.48 billion. Even in 2018, expenditure on mobile advertising in the US will expand by nearly 20% to raise the total to $58.78 billion. - See more at:
7.37 PM Oct 31st

BJP calls black money affidavit historic  Cong claims blackmailBJP calls black money affidavit historic, Cong claims blackmail
Agencies  New Delhi, October 27, 2014
First Published: 18:42 IST(27/10/2014) | Last Updated: 12:22 IST(28/10/2014)
Comments
Political reactions were sharp after the government revealed on Monday the names of seven persons and a company facing prosecution for keeping illegal wealth in foreign banks.
The government's first list of black money account holders has named Pankaj Chimanlal Lodhya (L), Radha Timblo (C) and Pradip Burman. (PTI and ANI photos)
The government filed an affidavit in the Supreme Court naming Pradip Burman of the Dabur group, Rajkot-based bullion trader Pankaj Chimanlal Lodhya and directors of Goa-based mining company Timblo Private Limited — Radha Satish Timblo, Chetan S Timblo, Rohan S Timblo, Anna C Timblo and Mallika R Timblo. Timblo Private Limited, a firm identified by Association for Democratic Reforms as a donor to both the BJP and the Congress, was also named.
Sambit Patra, a BJP spokesperson, called disclosure of the names "a historic day in the black money case".
 
"The process of disclosure of names has started," Patra told reporters, referring to a list that allegedly contains hundreds of names.
 
But opposition Congress general secretary Digvijaya Singh accused the BJP of "selective revelation" of names and said the process smacked of "blackmail, not black money".
Several prominent figures of the Congress party, dogged by multi-billion-dollar graft scandals while in power, are reportedly on the list of people with untaxed funds abroad but their names have not been disclosed.
Read: Centre's affidavit discloses seven names to SC, no politician in first list
 
BJP leader Subramanian Swamy said he did not understand why the government had not disclosed all of the names of alleged offenders at once. "I do not see any legal issues in releasing all 700 names. I hope the government will release all the names very soon," he told CNN-IBN news channel.
 
D Raja, national secretary of Communist Party of India, asked the government to reveal "all the names".
 
"The government has to answer a lot of questions as there is a reluctance on its part to give out all the names. This shows that the government lacks the political will and determination to fulfil its election promises," said Raja.
 
Raja demanded finance minister Arun Jaitley follow on his statement that some names in the black money list would embarrass the Congress. "What happened to those names? Why are the names of politicians not being revealed as claimed by the BJP," he asked.
 
The Dabur group said in a statement that Burman opened his foreign account while a non-resident Indian and "was legally allowed to open this account".
 
Lodhiya told reporters he was in compliance with all tax laws, adding, "I have no foreign bank account".
 
Radha Timblo, while speaking to reporters in Panaji, said that she would issue a press statement after going through the government's affidavit.
 
Swiftly after taking office, Prime Minister Narendra Modi set up a team of regulators and ex-judges to repatriate illicit funds kept in Swiss and other foreign bank accounts to avoid taxes. There is no firm estimate of the amount of black money at home and abroad, but it is believed to amount to hundreds of billions of dollars.

Why technology is going to start acting  in a more humanistic way1
Davidson made his comments Tuesday during his keynote presentation at a mobile-themed Technori Pitch program at Chase Auditorium. He discussed TV, data, marketing, human behavior, mobile technology, the future and more.
“Everybody thinks that TV is all about the creative story, but the movement behind TV is all about numbers and there’s really nothing else to it,” Davidson said.
He said his experience at Nielsen helped shape his perspective on the future of mobile and technology.
He also mentioned his role as lead information architect on the Motorola SmartActions software, which enabled autonomous actions on mobile devices, such as silencing phones when walking into a movie theater and hiding work email alerts on the weekend.
“One of the things this project taught me is that people are OK with their phone tracking them and they’re OK with it automatically doing things if it’s something they think they’re in control of and if it makes sense and if it adds value,” Davidson said.
At Beltone Hearing Centers, he said, he worked as a user interface design consultant, working on a mobile application that allowed for hearing aid programming and volume adjustment.
He said those experiences made him realize that the future of mobile and technology was in humanistic interaction — devices including wearable technology that know and predict user desires and preferences.
“Technology is not only going to start acting in a more humanistic way; it’s going to do so because it knows a whole lot about you,” Davidson said. “This is the kind of experience we want to start emulating in all mobility, in all applications.”
Wearable technology that tracks activity will help to move that along, he said.
He said the industry first must make better use of data.
“That’s going to shift the entire industry of experience design,” he said. “It will be the practice of using logic and data to make complex tasks as basic as human interactions.”
 

Modi to be star attraction at Devendra Fadnavis  grand swearing-inApart from PM Modi, 8 Chief Ministers, 6 Union Ministers and top celebrities are likely to attend the ceremony.
By: Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: October 30, 2014 7:29 pm | Updated: October 30, 2014 8:32 pm
While swearing-in ceremonies for chief ministers are normally official occasions involving a lot of protocol, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) is leaving no stone unturned to turn the coronation ceremony of its first chief minister in Maharashtra a grand event high on symbolism and glitz.
Departing from protocol, Prime Minister Narendra Modi, the event’s star attraction, will be seated on a special dais erected on the left of the main dais, where CM-designate Devendra Fadnavis and his cabinet will be sworn in by Governor CH Vidyasagar Rao. The Prime Minister had also attended the swearing-in of Haryana Chief Minister Manohar Lal Khattar.
Besides Modi, at least six Union Cabinet Ministers including Home Minister Rajnath Singh, Road Transport and Highways Minister Nitin Gadkari, Minister for Chemical and Fertilisers Ananth Kumar, Information and Broadcasting Minister Prakash Javdekar, and Consumer Affairs and Food and Public Distribution minister of state Raosaheb Danve will attend the oath-taking ceremony at Mumbai’s Wankhede Stadium.
BJP national president Amit Shah, party’s general secretaries JP Nadda and Rajiv Pratap Rudy, Chief Minister of BJP-ruled states – Manohar Parrikar (Goa), Shivraj Chouhan (Madhya Pradesh), Anandiben Patel (Gujarat), Raman Singh (Chattisgarh), and Vasundhara Raje (Rajasthan), will add to the event’s star power.
According to information, Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister Chandrababu Naidu (Telugu Desam Party), and Punjab Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal (Shiromani Akali Dal) are also expected to be present at the event.
At the time of filing this report, the state’s protocol department was yet to get a confirmation from the BJP regarding the attendance of BJP leader Lal Krishna Advani. But, BJP sources said that the party veteran, who had remained present for Khattar’s swearing in, is expected to attend the ceremony.
Giving a touch of glamour to the event, the BJP has sent invites to who’s who in Bollywood. Top corporates and leading sportspersons from Maharashtra are expected to remain present too.
As reported first by The Indian Express, the event will be a break from tradition with a cultural show by renowned artist Ashok Hande preceding the official swearing-in ceremony. For more saffron flavour, 25 fishing boats will be bobbing along the Arabian Sea just off Wankhede Stadium, with a giant cut off of a lotus at the centre and BJP flags on the deck.
The BJP has roped in popular Bollywood set designer Nitin Desai and event organiser Ravi Savla for the planning, design and construction of the stages, barricades and for the decor at the event.
Protocol issues
Though the swearing-in has its own protocol, Maharashtra protocol department and Raj Bhavan officials will have to deal with extra-ordinary protocol issues as well. While the Governor normally enjoys top most protocol for such event, Prime Minister and the Union Home Minister enjoy higher protocol.
New Cabinet to meet after swearing-in
Immediately after the swearing-in, CM-designate Devendra Fadnavis will hold a cabinet meeting, where a resolution to hold a three-day special session of the state legislature beginning November 4 will be formalised. The BJP government will take the floor test in the state assembly on November 6. Fadnavis will hold an interaction with the press, where he is expected to announce his agenda for Maharashtra.
Symbolism
Before his oath taking, Fadnavis is expected to pay homage to Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel’s statue in Mumbai’s Worli. The BJP is expected to invoke Maratha warrior king Chhatrapati Shivaji at the ceremony itself. Immediately after the swearing-in, Fadnavis and his newly sworn in cabinet team will garland the Shivaji statue near Mantralaya.

Citigroup s $600M about-faceEMAIL
Getty
Citigroup stunned investors late Thursday when it cut its third-quarter earnings by $600 million, blaming an increase in allowances for legal expenses.
The global banking giant said the increase resulted from “rapidly-evolving regulatory inquiries and investigations, including very recent communications with certain regulatory agencies related to previously-disclosed matters.”
The adjustment reduced Citi’s earnings for the quarter to $2.6 billion from the $3.2 billion it reported on Oct. 14. Earnings per share fell to 88 cents from a previously-reported $1.07.
Citi’s statement did not provide any details about the pending legal issues. On Oct. 14, Citigroup disclosed an outside law firm it hired had uncovered fraud in the security services business of its Banamex unit in Mexico.
That investigation determined that fraud was committed to the tune of $15 million as well as “unauthorized providing of security services to outside parties” and the “use of intercepted telecommunications.” CEO Michael Corbat said the fraud, while small monetarily, was “appalling.” The company said it was cooperating with law enforcement and regulators while moving to boost the financial oversight of its units in Mexico.
Citigroup is also among several banks under investigation by U.S. and European authorities for possible manipulation of the currency market. Britain’s Financial Conduct Authority is said to be nearing the end of its investigation, several news organizations reported in early October .
Shares of Citigroup fell 1.8% to $52.20 in after hours trading on Thursday’s news. The stock closed regular trading up 51 cents, or 1%, to $53.15.
 

In defense of U.S. funding for area studiesBy Nathan J. Brown October 30
The U.S. Capitol building in Washington, D.C. (Alex Wong/Getty Images)
In 2013, the Monkey Cage led the charge against the attempt by congressional appropriators to eliminate National Science Foundation funding for political science. These days, area studies supported by Title VI of the Higher Education Act are in the crosshairs. The unique Middle East politics of the threat to Title VI should not distract from the common issues in play with another political challenge to federal support for scholarship.
I have to confess that this year’s threatened hit list would strike close to my heart: That act funded my doctoral studies and I want junior scholars to have the same support I did. And today I teach, proudly, at the George Washington University’s Title VI National Resource Center for Middle East Studies. Political attacks on Title VI funding for Middle East Studies are a quadrennial ritual, which has rarely made significant inroads. Several trends, from the specific (the increasingly contentious politics surrounding Israel) to the general (rising pressure on federal budgets), make this year’s attacks more worrying. They should be of great concern not only for the insular world of Middle East Studies, but for all academics concerned about the politicization of federal funding for academic research.
U.S. area studies programs have been essential for both U.S. policy and beyond American shores. A recent study of the relevance of political science to policymakers found that area studies were the form of academic research that policymakers most valued: 69 percent of respondents described area studies as very useful and 97 percent as at least somewhat useful (only 32 and 80 percent had the same views of political science). U.S. area studies are even more valued abroad, where authoritarian governments view academic freedom in the social sciences and even the humanities as dangerous. Federal support for these programs over the past two generations has produced the core of American students and scholars who today teach, research and write about vital areas of the world – and are often the only sources of knowledge when crises erupt in unfamiliar places.
Ironically, U.S. politics is now undermining this vital national asset. Title VI programs took a major hit for budgetary reasons during the previous cycle, when across the board budget cuts forced a 47.5 percent reduction in the funding of all National Resource Centers. Funding levels were partially restored* in the 2014-18 competition, but only after crippling uncertainty driven by multiple delays and swirling politics. A host of academic programs funded by Title VI are vulnerable to congressional reauthorization taking place this year. Since knowing about the world would seem to be a good thing, particularly at a time of such great regional and global upheaval, it may be confusing why the area studies and language training supported by Title VI would be at risk from politics. But this year’s battle has already begun, and the last reauthorization battle in 2008 may give a taste of what is in store. On Sept. 29, Rep. Nita Lowey, the ranking Democratic member of the House Appropriations Committee, wrote to Secretary of Education Arne Duncan warning of “concerns that a number of imbalanced programs of Middle East Studies are disproportionately focused on and are biased against Israel.”
Much of the ferment over Title VI is predictably tied to the Israeli-Palestinian vortex of vitriol. Competing interpretations of Ottoman history or civil-military relations in North Africa that occupy so much academic attention rarely figure in these debates. It is distressing that all discussion about international education boils down to a fight over various orientations to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Those who have been offended by specific individuals or events at particular universities see Title VI reauthorization as a political tool to cut off funding to those whose opinions they dislike, which often translates into attacks on particular Title VI centers. This year, the most vicious of these attacks came against UCLA’s Middle East Center. A self-appointed watchdog group issued a report that was characterized by inaccuracies and hyperbole about supposed “anti-Semitism” for programs that were critical of Israel. The attack has already been widely circulated on Capitol Hill.
Yet what do critics seek to do about it? One idea – to try to defund specific programs that are deemed politically incorrect – seems to be in decline, though it is not dead. A second approach – to use civil rights procedures to claim implausibly that specific programs are somehow violating the law – has mercifully failed to date. The result of those long, drawn-out past wars was simply that applicants for federal funds for international and regional studies were asked to give an explanation of “how the activities funded by the grant will reflect diverse perspectives and a wide range of views and generate debate on world regions and international affairs.” This is, of course, what most applicants already seek to do as part of their core mission; some critics are seeking to put more teeth (and politics) into the oversight of that mission.
The strategy that critics now seem to be developing is more dangerous, however: moving beyond an attack on those academics who annoy them into an effort to bring the entire infrastructure of federal support crashing down. One of the leading critics of Title VI, Martin Kramer of Shalem College in Israel, concludes that “if you think that Title VI, on balance, does more good than harm, you’re just going to have to accept that some of your tax dollars will go to agitprop for Hamas. If you think that’s totally unacceptable, you should favor the total elimination of Title VI from the Higher Education Act, now up for reauthorization.”
Should programming that is critical of Israel on some campuses endanger all funding for international education? Should federal officials or members of Congress pass judgment on individual lecture series? And if an individual faculty member offends a supporter of a particular political position on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, should students of Swahili and teachers of Tagalog be caught in the crossfire? This expansion of the war could boomerang on the critics, however, if those other Title VI area studies constituencies can come together in a defensive coalition to protect the core mission of international education and language training.
In Washington, D.C., where any issue can be caught up in polarized bickering, Title VI has already been dragged in. The conservative Heritage Foundation published a lengthy  broadside against Title VI  by Senior Fellow Mike Gonzalez that boils down to three points: First, the author, as might be expected from a senior fellow at Heritage, does not approve of the Obama administration’s foreign policies; second, the U.S. government has funded international education; and third, this cannot be, to Gonzalez, merely a coincidence. Linking once bipartisan federal support for international education with the foreign policy decisions of the current administration risks making reauthorization a proxy for partisan battles.
But this is silly. To know more about the world benefits everyone in general but nobody specifically. Programs like that can wind up on the cutting room floor because they lack focused and motivated defenders. The Obama administration has been no friendlier to the cause of international education than many on the other side of Washington’s big divide. The unfortunate result may be to undermine the United States’ ability to understand regions of the world in which it is deeply involved. Standing against their efforts is merely the hope that this Congress may yet act like its predecessors and reauthorize Title VI based on the nonpartisan grounds that knowledge of the world is good. Just as academics who harbor few hopes of winning National Science Foundation awards in political science rallied in defense of that program, they should now take a strong stance in support of Title VI and federal support for high quality area studies.
* The article originally stated budget cuts were implemented in 2012 and that funding levels were restored in the 2014-18 competition, however they were only partially restored.
 
Nathan J. Brown is a professor of political science and international affairs at the George Washington University, non-resident senior associate at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, and author of “ When Victory is Not an Option: Islamist Movements in Arab Politics “ (Cornell University Press, 2012).

Trotz on Ovechkin: All he needs is oneBy Alex Prewitt October 30 Follow @alex_prewitt
(AP)
The goaltenders had barely arrived for their pre-practice workout when Alex Ovechkin stepped onto the ice at Kettler Capitals Iceplex. He gathered two piles of pucks somewhere around the blue line. He stretched and waited for defenseman John Carlson. Then he set about laying waste to the empty net.
Carlson slid passes from the point and Ovechkin stood in his favorite spot, inside the left faceoff circle where he had made a reputation on the power play. His stick curled back and whipped forward, one puck after another exploding toward the cage.
“It’s just like a golfer,” Coach Barry Trotz said later. “You need a couple more swings to work on your game. And he is. That’s important he understands his game’s a little off that he has to do some stuff.”
For the first time in his career, Ovechkin had gone five straight regular season games without registering a point, a drought at once made more dubious by his star status and Washington’s three losses over its past four games. But Ovechkin also targeted seven shots onto net Wednesday night vs. Detroit, matching his entire total from the western Canada trip and the home game against Florida which preceded it.
“The funny thing is, ironically, he’s had some good looks where the puck’s bobbled on him and he’s missed the net, stuff like that,” Trotz said. “We could be sitting here saying he’s hot, he’s got 10 goals, 11 goals this year and he’s fun to watch still. He’s still getting chances. He’s just a little bit off.”
Ovechkin did not speak with reporters Thursday after practice, and after getting treatment returned to the locker room late Wednesday night. But Trotz maintained a firm stance of encouragement for his captain, who still leads the Capitals with five goals and 38 shots.
“Ovi was up in Canada taking a lot of grief over he didn’t have as many shots, but he missed the net x amount of times,” Trotz said. “You don’t get a shot for missing the net.
“He started hitting his spot a few times there, and I’m going yeah, all he needs is one of those and we’ll be back on track.”
Later, as the workout ended, the forwards joined Ovechkin for target practice. They slipped two sticks through the netting, which created triangles in the upper right and upper left corners. Each player received two shots. Ovechkin removed his helmet, slid it across the ice and fired. Five games had passed without a point, but here he seemed his old self, and the Capitals banged their sticks as the pucks cracked the cage.
“Shows you how good of a player he is,” forward Jason Chimera said, when later reminded of Ovechkin’s drought. “That’s tough to do. You look at yourself, it’s tough to get points in the league, it’s tough to score goals for sure. Yeah, I was shocked when I heard that for sure.”
Alex Prewitt covers the Washington Capitals. Follow him on Twitter @alex_prewitt or email him at alex.prewitt@washpost.com .

Why our sluggish recovery is the envy of the advanced worldBy Chico Harlan October 30 Follow @chicoharlan
U.S.A.! (AP Photo/Jack Dempsey)
In the United States, the story of the economy is a good news, bad news affair. Jobs are coming back, but millions are reluctantly accepting part-time work. Investors are accumulating wealth, but income levels are hardly growing.
But globally, the trajectory of America’s economy is spurring a different reaction: envy. On the heels of a steady six-month jobs expansion, the United States has reemerged as the star of — and perhaps the locomotive for — an otherwise slumping global economy.
In the latest reminder of how America is outpacing much of the developed world, the government said Thursday that the nation's gross domestic product -- the size of its economy -- grew at an annualized rate of  3.5 percent between July and September. That figure came amid growing fears that Europe is sliding into its third recession since 2008. And while the United Kingdom is faring well, too, economists predict that by 2015 the United States will be the rich world's standout economy.
“GDP growth of 3.5 percent?” said Jay Bryson, a global economist at Wells Fargo. “If you said that to a European right now, they’d start to cry tears of joy.”
 
 
The notion of the United States as a global engine is a reminder of what may now seem like an ancient era. In the aftermath of the Great Recession, emerging economies like Brazil and China took the lead role, but growth in those countries slowed as well.
Economists caution that the U.S. economy, this time around, remains fragile. And it's unclear if the United States can lift up other struggling economies -- or will be pulled down by them. The United States accounts for about 16 percent of global economic output, compared with about 23 percent in 1995.
The optimists say the United States can persist as an island of growth, in large part because of healthy homegrown consumer demand. The goods bought by Americans comprise nearly 70 percent of economic activity, compared with about 13 percent comprised by exports.
Consumer confidence is at its highest level since 2007, according to The Conference Board, a non-profit research group that tracks sentiment. If consumer confidence remains high, the country can weather global shocks — as it did during the Asian Financial Crisis in the late-1990s. Strong consumer demand at home can even give a boost to other export-driven nations.
“The U.S. is pretty well insulated, mostly because exports play a fairly small role,” said Nariman Behravesh, a chief economist at IHS. “By far consumers are the most important factor, and the good news is, U.S. consumers are in pretty good shape,” with gas prices down, home values on the rise, and increasingly healthy debt-to-income ratios.
Others, though, say the United States is still vulnerable to unexpected global fluctuations — say, a larger-than-expected slowdown in China.
Already, the stock market this month has shown jitters over the spread of Ebola in West Africa and a wave of glum news from the euro zone. In the latest quarter, trade actually accounted for a boost; exports were up and imports were down. But few economists expect that trend to last, and say that declining demand everywhere from France to Japan will trim U.S. economic growth in the coming quarters.
“You can’t insulate yourself in the modern world,” said Alan MacEachin, an economist at the Navy Federal Credit Union.
So far, the Federal Reserve has signaled that it is confident in the direction of the recovery, voting on Wednesday to end a long-running stimulus campaign that involved buying trillions of dollars of bonds to lower interest rate. The unemployment rate is at 5.9 percent, the lowest level since the financial crisis, and hiring has topped the crucial 200,000-jobs-a-month benchmark for nearly the entire year.
The U.S. economy has been carried coming out of the recession by reliable consumer spending. But Thursday’s data also came with an unexpected boost: The government, a negative drag in recent years, is again lending a hand.
In the latest quarter, it was a spike in defense spending that provided the greatest lift. But more important, state and local governments — after a long period of austerity — are now injecting significantly more money into the economy. State and local government expenditures and investment rose 1.3 percent, building on 3.4 percent growth from the previous quarter.
The coming months will influence the Fed’s next major decision — when and whether to raise interest rates. The Fed has kept its target for short-term interest rates at zero for the past six years, and officials said they will calibrate the timing of the first rate increase to the health of the economy. A stronger recovery could push them to move more quickly, while slower growth could delay any move.
Some economists also said that American awareness of their strengthening economy will also pick up in coming months.
"There is often a lag about public perceptions," Behravesh said. "For the last four or five years we’ve been bombarded with headlines about how awful we are. But life is not awful. I think our awareness is starting to change."
Chico Harlan covers personal economics as part of The Post's financial team.

Chris Brown settles lawsuit for just over  $100kChris Brown makes his way into D.C. Superior Court for a hearing concerning his misdemeanor assault charges on  June 25, 2014, in Washington, D.C. (Jahi Chikwendiu/The Washington Post)
Looks like Breezy’s twist-filled Washington legal saga is over.
Singer Chris Brown paid “just over” $100,000 to the Maryland man he punched in the nose last year during a scuffle outside the W hotel, our colleague Keith Alexander reports . Parker Adams, a 25-year-old from Beltsville, had sued the crooner for $3 million for injuries he sustained in the incident, in which authorities say Brown hit Adams after he posed for a picture with the star.
Lawyers on both sides confirmed a deal, but neither named the exact amount involved, and Alexander says a “source familiar” with the settlement put it at just north of a hundred grand.
Last month, Breezy pleaded guilty  in  D.C. court to misdemeanor assault, and was sentenced to time served. Brown had spent four months in a California jail for violating the terms of probation from his 2009 assault on his then-girlfriend, pop singer Rihanna.
 

U.S. GDP grows at 3.5 percent in third quarterBy Chico Harlan October 30 Follow @chicoharlan
The U.S. economy grew at a 3.5 percent annualized rate between July and September, the government said Thursday morning, providing fresh hope that a wobbly recovery could be gaining some stability.
The latest gross domestic product figure, released by the Commerce Department, slightly exceeded analyst predictions and caps America’s strongest six-month period of expansion since 2003. It also follows the Federal Reserve decision Wednesday to end its bond-buying program , a sign of confidence that the economy no longer needed its “booster shot” injection.
Still, some economists said the third-quarter growth numbers had a misleading shine. Business investment and consumer spending, solid throughout the recovery, dipped slightly from the second quarter. Meantime the economy was boosted by two surprise factors — a 16 percent spike in national defense expenditures and a shrinking trade deficit. Defense spending is notoriously unpredictable, with the potential to be skewed by one major order. Trade, too, can’t be counted on for long-term growth, particularly as China loses some of its steam and Europe slides toward another recession.
“The headline number — 3.5 percent — is awfully good,” said Josh Bivens, research and policy director at the Economic Policy Institute. “But once you start digging into it, there’s not a ton of evidence we’ve actually shifted into a higher gear.”
The United States is still well away from a full-scale recovery, but growth is at least becoming more reliable. In four of the past five quarters, the economy has expanded at a rate of 3.5 percent or greater. Consumption and fixed investment, taken together, is up 2.8 percent over the last year. That figure, which doesn’t include some of the volatile components that influence GDP, is seen as a more reliable barometer of the economy’s trajectory.
GDP growth could dip slightly in the final quarter, but “we believe that the expansion is becoming more and more self- sustaining,” Wells Fargo said in a note to investors.
U.S. officials emphasized that the latest GDP figure, a measure of all goods and services produced, outpaced those of other advanced countries and reflected the country’s improving labor market and growing oil and gas supply.
 
“Since the financial crisis, the U.S. economy has bounced back more strongly than most others around the world, and the recent data highlight that the United States is continuing to lead the global recovery,” Jason Furman, chairman of the White House’s Council of Economic Advisers, said in a statement.
Some economists say the latest GDP figure provides a truer sense of economic health than earlier quarterly figures this year, which veered from very cold to very hot. Between January and March, the economy contracted at an annual rate of 2.1 percent — the sharpest decline since the depths of the Great Recession. Then, in the three month following, GDP grew at a rate of 4.6 percent, a level not topped since eight years ago.
Most analysts now say that the first quarter slide stemmed from a horrid East Coast winter that kept consumers indoors. They say that the second quarter was buoyed by a bounce-back effect, a release of all that pent-up demand for cars and homes. The third quarter ended up between those two extremes, a middle ground that reflects a complicated period in which payrolls grew steadily, stocks showed some volatility, and concerns mounted about a European economy sliding into recession.
The GDP is still subject to revision. Consumer spending drives about two-thirds of the measure and climbed 1.8 percent in the third quarter, compared with 2.5 percent in the second. Economists had been hoping to see a greater surge in household spending, given that declining gas prices helped fatten their pocketbooks.
Spending on new homes also contributed little to growth in the latest quarter. Such investment — which often accompanies recoveries — surged in 2012 and into 2013, but now appears to be fading.
The U.S. economic recovery is now strong enough that the Fed voted on Wednesday to end its long-running stimulus campaign this month. The Fed has bought more than $1 trillion in long-term bonds over the past two years in hopes of boosting job growth. During that time, the unemployment rate has fallen nearly two percentage points to 5.9 percent and hiring has surged to an average of more than 200,000 jobs a month this year.
"There has been a substantial improvement in the outlook for the labor market," the Fed said in an official statement released Wednesday. It added that the central bank also sees "sufficient underlying strength in the broader economy to support ongoing progress toward maximum employment in a context of price stability."
The Fed has also kept its target for short-term interest rates at zero for the past six years. Officials said they will calibrate the timing of the first rate increase to the health of the economy. A stronger recovery could push them to move more quickly, while slower growth could delay any move.
Ylan Q. Mui contributed to this report.
Chico Harlan covers personal economics as part of The Post's financial team.

A Giant moment for Bruce BochyBy Jena McGregor October 30 Follow @jenamcgregor
San Francisco Giants manager Bruce Bochy (L) talks with first base umpire Eric Cooper (R) requesting an instant replay at Kauffman Stadium in Kansas City, Missouri, USA, 29 October 2014. EPA/JOHN G. MABANGLO EPA/TANNEN MAURY
The San Francisco Giant who is getting all the headlines after Wednesday's Game 7 World Series win is Madison Bumgarner . The 6-foot-5 ace pitched five remarkable innings, just three nights after pitching a shutout in Game 5. He was called  masterful , scary good , even a  legend .
But after three World Series rings in five years for a team that previously had not won since 1954, it's also manager Bruce Bochy's moment. The San Francisco Giants didn't defeat the Kansas City Royals Wednesday night because Bochy made a bunch of really tough calls. They won, at least in part, because he followed the simplest but often hardest rule in leadership: Put your best people in, and then get out of the way.
Sure, Bochy, who has more wins  than any currently active manager in baseball, may have been the first manager in World Series history to win a replay challenge overturn, which pulled Eric Hosmer off first and resulted in a stunning Giants double play. He went with the faster  Juan Perez over Travis Ishikawa to start left field, a move that paid off when Perez sped to catch a liner to left field. And he made the decision to pull Tim Hudson off the mound after just 1.2 innings, the shortest start by a pitcher in a deciding World Series game since 1960.
But Bochy's most important call was to put Bumgarner's amazing arm in — not as a starter, but mid-game — and then leave him there. In the eighth inning, with Bumgarner's number of pitches reaching the capacity he  was expected  to be able to throw with just two days' rest, pitching coach Dave Righetti asked if he should prepare a reliever. But Bochy said no, at a time when many  other managers  managers might have turned to their closers.
The 59-year-old Bochy, who now seems destined for the Hall of Fame, never intended to be a manager. He fell into it after a 14-year career as a catcher. Players have  credited  his poise, his instincts and his adaptability as key to his success in the position. The press has called him "Captain Calm" for his even-keeled demeanor, though he's also known for the motivating speeches he gives players.
According to a profile in the Los Angeles Times, at least some of his leadership style seems to come from his father, a career military man who coached the camp baseball team when he was stationed in the Panama Canal Zone. Bochy's coaching staff have said he's a "military chain-of-command guy" who expects each one of them to control their turf.
In baseball, managers may be sacrificial scapegoats who get more than their fair share of the blame. Wins may in fact be more due to players rather than managers — or at least that's what Madison Bumgarner showed us Wednesday night. But managers don't have to make bold calls or tough decisions to contribute greatly to the win. Sometimes they just have to know when to let their talented players run with it.
Read also:
Like On Leadership ? Follow us on Facebook and Twitter .
Jena McGregor writes a daily column analyzing leadership in the news for the Washington Post’s On Leadership section.

Escape From Corporate America -- Be an Entrepreneurreddit
According to several recent reports , job satisfaction for employees is at an all-time low. An online survey published earlier this year found that nearly two-thirds of the respondents were not happy at work. One obvious alternative is to become an entrepreneur. As a mentor to many aspiring entrepreneurs, I'm often asked what it takes to switch and get real satisfaction from this lifestyle.
I found some great help in outlining the elements of this process in a recent book, " Disruptors ," by Kunal Mehta. It's a collection of stories from real-life young entrepreneurs, all of whom chose to break away from the comfort and security of unfulfilling corporate careers to be entrepreneurs. It outlines their perspectives, struggles, and heartbreaks, as well as their successes.
In fact, Mehta focuses on a special class of entrepreneurs that he calls disruptors. These are ones behind many of the modern game-changing companies, like Pinterest and Foursquare. He notes that they all seem to exhibit a special extra focus on preparedness, duality (one foot in reality and the other foot out), and a keen self-awareness of what they have and what they want.
Yet I know from experience that being an entrepreneur in any fashion is not for everyone. It takes at the very least a special blend of confidence, passion, determination, leadership, and problem-solving abilities. Given these, Mehta outlines five specific steps to get started and stay ahead of the game, which I agree are essential and have paraphrased here:
Be open to new opportunities and options. Too many people flat-line in their careers and accept being unhappy because they think there are few other options available to them. It's up to you to constantly look for options inside and outside your own network, and be willing to make the adjustments to capitalize on them. Be prepared to experiment.
Build the courage to "Think Different." Fear is a dangerous emotion with which to guide your actions. Put it behind you by setting your own realistic metrics for success and happiness. Quit looking for critics to flood disbelief on your vision. If your intentions are genuine and your work ethic is strong, meaningful and lasting success is likely.
Expand your support group and test your limits. Find the men and women you wish to be more like, talk to them, study them, and learn from them. Surround yourself with people who are constantly striving to be better, and support each other. Erase the qualms about failing, and willingly accept failure if it comes, as the ultimate learning opportunity.
Focus your efforts on creating value, not wealth. The glamour of wealth will quickly tarnish if you don't feel passionate about the work you are doing. Find a role where you can work seven days a week without it feeling like a chore. Learn new skills that will make you an expert in that domain, and both satisfaction and wealth will follow.
Take action now. Overcome complacency and re-test your limits to create impact in a more meaningful way. Set long-term goals, short-term goals, and micro-goals. Then write them down. By writing these goals, you add validity to each target and create a mental desire to see them fulfilled. Then accomplish one, sense the progress, and add another.
Thus it's clear to me that your journey from corporate America to being an entrepreneur does not begin with just an innovative idea, or an annoying dissatisfaction. It has to start long before that, with a mindset event that drives a real change in behavior. That could be a burning need to fix a wrong, disdain of an existing system, or just the desire to be one's own boss.
Regardless of the motivation, you should expect that the journey will be longer than you anticipate, and require immense courage. The rewards, as reported by everyone who has been there, will still be well worth it.
I do believe that every aspiring entrepreneur needs to look inward first, to understand their own drivers. So don't be afraid to take a hard look in the mirror. Old habits die hard, and the longer you wait, the harder it will be to make the jump, and your odds of success go down. It's a lot more fun to be a disruptor than to wish you were one.
Follow Marty Zwilling on Twitter: www.twitter.com/StartupPro
More:

Citigroup takes $600m hit on legal chargeCitigroup takes $600m hit on legal charge
Tom Braithwaite in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/25b13a58-6069-11e4-88d1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

City Insider: Andy Haldane  goes boldly on...© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4a2fbe2e-6053-11e4-88d1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Public finance is both a moral and a technical challengeImproving public finances is both a moral and technical challenge
Martin Wolf
The UK faces a harsh choice, because the economy is roughly a sixth smaller than expected
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0301d898-5ea0-11e4-b81d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Banks have work to do on ethicsOctober 30, 2014 4:59 pm
The blight at the core of banking goes beyond a few bad apples
Richard Lambert
Regulation can only do so much to encourage integrity, writes Richard Lambert
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/243f0c6c-5f7f-11e4-986c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Camerons EU opt outs to keep Britain inDavid Cameron opts out to keep Britain at heart of Europe
Robert Shrimsley
UK PM’s growing aggression is likely to make for tricky talks with incoming commission president
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/89088d16-5e9f-11e4-b81d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Regal Entertainment: big ticket item© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/863b97d2-6051-11e4-833b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Reverse Singh: Pankaj wakes up after teaPrint
Pankaj Singh suddenly found his form after tea when he fetched the wickets of Aprajith, Karthik and Prasanna in a short interval. (Source: AP File)
Written by Sahil Malhotra | New Delhi | Posted: October 31, 2014 3:19 am | Updated: October 31, 2014 7:55 am
Pankaj Singh’s day started with a peach of a delivery. The good length ball pitched on the off-stump and moved away late to beat the Robin Uthappa’s tentative push. Unfortunately for Central Zone, Pankaj couldn’t come up with similar wicket-taking deliveries in the all-important morning session.
The tall pacer either strayed on to the pads or pitched the ball too wide. There were also several over-pitched ball that resulted in four boundaries. Figures of 7-2-22-0 prove that Pankaj didn’t make the new ball count. This resulted in the South Zone openers getting their eye in and scoring briskly on the easy paced pitch.
When Pankaj was taken off the attack, in the 18th over of the game, the scoreboard read impressive 65/0. The next time he was thrown the ball was in the 40th over and by then South had moved to 185/1.
This time Pankaj decided to attack the stumps, but the batsmen dealt with these deliveries without much trouble. Speaking about his tactics after the day’s play, Pankaj said, “It was a flat pitch. There was not much happening off the surface so I decided to attack the stumps. There was no point wasting deliveries around the off-stump which batsman would eventually leave. We wanted to make them play as much as we could but they played really well off the stumps.”
But it was a ball pitched on the fourth stump that got Pankaj his first wicket. The Rajasthan seamer bowled two deliveries around the off-stump corridor to Baba Aparajit and followed them with the one that angled in and straightened enough to find the edge.
Tasting success after 14 long overs, the tall seamer had a spring in his stride. He went on to scalp two more wickets. Suddenly, his figures went from 0/42 to 3/55. Interestingly, the plan that was laid out to get Rahul resulted in the wickets of Aparajith, Dinesh Karthik and Prasanna.
“We knew he (Rahul) was playing well off the stumps so we wanted to try something different for him. The plan basically was to get him out because the ball also started to reverse a bit. We wanted to do something with him because we knew it was that time of the day where there was a chance to pick a wicket or two,” revealed Pankaj.

Why the EFF  and then others  probably misunderstood the numbers on sneak and peek warrantsBy Orin Kerr October 31
The Electronic Frontier Foundation published a report earlier this week alleging an astonishing increase in the use of sneak-and-peek search warrants. Sneak-and-peek searches are sometimes known as “covert searches” or “black bag jobs.” The government breaks into a home, conducts a covert search, and leaves no sign of entry until days or weeks later. According to the EFF report, such searches have become routine in the last few years:
First, the numbers: Law enforcement made 47 sneak-and-peek searches nationwide from September 2001 to April 2003. The 2010 report reveals 3,970 total requests were processed. Within three years that number jumped to 11,129. That’s an increase of over 7,000 requests. Exactly what privacy advocates argued in 2001 is happening: sneak and peak warrants are not just being used in exceptional circumstances—which was their original intent—but as an everyday investigative tool.
Elsewhere at the Post , Radley Balko relies on the EFF report to draw a host of conclusions. Among them, Balko condemns the Patriot Act that codified the sneak-and-peek standard:
Washington establishment types are often dismissive and derisive of the idea that members of Congress should actually be required to read legislation before voting on it — or at the very least be given the time to read it. There’s also a lot of Beltway scorn for demands that bills be concise, limited in scope and open for public comment in their final form for days or weeks before they’re voted on. If you’re looking for evidence showing why the smug consensus is wrong, here is Exhibit A.
. . . . When critics point out the ways a new law might be abused, supporters of the law often accuse those critics of being cynical — they say we should have more faith in the judgment and propriety of public officials. Always assume that when a law grants new powers to the government, that law will be interpreted in the vaguest, most expansive, most pro-government manner imaginable.
TechDirt and Reason.com also reported on EFF’s findings and offered similar assessments.
Sounds pretty bad, right? Well, not so fast. I fear EFF’s report may just misunderstand the significance of the annual “delayed notice warrant” report published by the Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts (AO). I suspect the numbers don’t mean what EFF thinks they mean.
Here’s the problem. In its report, EFF assumes that the numbers in the annual AO report only involve sneak-and-peek warrants. EFF’s report looks at the dramatic increase in reported numbers and concludes that “sneak and peak warrants are not just being used in exceptional circumstances—which was their original intent—but as an everyday investigative tool.” At first blush, that seems a plausible reading of the report. Back when the reporting requirement was established, the understanding was that the AO reports would report the number of sneak-and-peeks. But I think something else is happening: The AO numbers are not just reporting sneak-and-peek warrants. Instead, I think the numbers are combining several different kinds of warrants, only a small number of which are sneak-and-peeks.
I first came to think this in 2013, when Jonathan Witmer-Rich made the same claim as EFF in a series of blog posts over at Prawfs . I wrote a comment to one of his posts suggesting that something else might be happening: The reports might be combining sneak and peek warrants with other kinds of warrants that did not provide immediate notice.
My thinking was that federal investigators now get non-or-delayed-notice warrants for all sorts of things for which they didn’t get warrants at all until a few years ago. Before the Patriot Act, for example, the FBI would routinely get e-mails with just a subpoena. There was no judicial oversight at all to install tracking devices on cars — the FBI just did it. Today, however, there is more privacy protection than before the Patriot Act in these contexts. The government has to get warrants for e-mails and to install GPS devices. Importantly, these warrants generally do not come with notice, or at least immediate notice. As I explained in my 2013 comment, that crazy spike in numbers probably tells us that the annual AO report is combining sneak-and-peek warrants with other kinds of newly-required-warrant practices. If you assume the AO report is just about sneak-and-peeks, you will conclude that the number of sneak-and-peeks has gone up exponentially. But when you consider the other practices that are probably now included because of the expanding warrant requirement, a very different picture emerges. Ironically, the increase in the reported numbers may reflect more privacy protection rather than less.
Professor Witmer-Rich’s further investigation seems to confirm that something like this is happening. In the most recent draft of his forthcoming paper on delayed-notice warrants, he presents a very different understanding of the numbers published by the AO:
In the decade following congressional authorization of covert searches in 2001, the use of federal delayed notice search warrants has exploded, from less than 100 per year in 2002 to 5,601 in 2012. Just in the past six years, the rise is an incredible three thousand percent (from 174 in 2006 to 5,601 in 2012).
This data is alarming, but there is good reason to think it is misleading. Rather than showing a dramatic increase in the use of “sneak and peek” searches, the data may simply reflect a coincidental shift in the use of warrants for searches that used to be conducted without warrants: covert cell phone location tracking, covert GPS tracking, and covert searching of e-mail messages, among other things. Fundamentally, the data
does not allow us to disentangle these effects, and thus in its current form the data is not much use. In particular, the data does not tell the public, or Congress, how often investigators are conducting covert searches of homes and businesses—which is precisely what Congress sought to keep track of when it passed the reporting requirement in 2005. In short, the reporting requirement is broken, and it should be fixed.
And elsewhere:
Congress was focused on covert searches of physical spaces when it passed section 3103a and the corresponding reporting requirement. When Congress passed the reporting requirement in section 3103a(d), Congress expected to receive data showing how often investigators were covertly entering people’s homes and businesses. Instead, Congress is receiving data showing how often investigators get authority to delay notice on many different types of warrants, including many that do not involve covertly entering any physical space, such as cell phone location tracking, GPS tracking, and searching e-mails. . . .
As of 2006, when the Administrative Office began compiling the 3103a Reports, there is good reason to think that the reported data was indeed capturing the number of “sneak and peek” searches. . . . In the past few years, several changes have occurred in the use of search warrants with delayed notice — changes that were largely coincidental with the passage of section 3103a, but which likely have begun to impact this data. These developments involve changes in the use of search warrants to conduct various types of searches, all involving new electronic technologies: tracking a person’s location using cell phone location information, searching for the contents of e-mail messages, and the use of GPS tracking devices, among other things. There is good reason to believe that at least in the past few years, and possibly earlier, some substantial portion of federal delayed notice search warrants involve these types of searches, rather than covert searches of physical space.
It may be that the number of sneak-and-peek warrants is up, and perhaps up a lot. But, unfortunately, we don’t know that either way. As Professor Witmer-Rich says, the reporting requirement appears to be broken. It seems to be combining lots of surveillance practices instead of just the one that Congress had in mind when it enacted the reporting requirement. Because the warrant requirement expanded for those other practices, it’s hard to know how much of the increased number of warrants is reflecting warrants where the feds didn’t get them before or the changing numbers of sneak-and-peek warrants.
Or at least that’s my sense of things. If others have looked into this and have come to a different conclusion, I’d love to hear it and I’d be happy to post a correction/amendment.
UPDATE: I fiddled with the post a bit soon after putting it up to clarify two sections.
Orin Kerr is the Fred C. Stevenson Research Professor at The George Washington University Law School, where he has taught since 2001. He teaches and writes in the area of criminal procedure and computer crime law.

BoJ unexpectedly expands easing programme© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a8706cfe-60bc-11e4-894b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Nikkei hits 7 year high on BoJ boostS&P 500 ends at record after BoJ boost
Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/34ecde5a-60aa-11e4-833b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bad news keeps coming for BarclaysBarclays’ bad moon keeps on rising with a £500m forex provision
By Jonathan Guthrie
In and out of reputational rehab, the UK bank has produced three nasty surprises in two days
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/35fbddd8-6027-11e4-98e6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Gold imports may fall to 50-60 tonnes in OctoberGold imports may fall to 50-60 tonnes in October
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 31, 2014  | 12:23 IST
Photo: Reuters
Gold imports of the country are expected to nearly halve to 50-60 tonnes this month from their September level as jewellers have adequately stocked up for the festive and wedding seasons, according to All India Gems & Jewellery Trade Federation.
"In October, we expect the gold imports to be 50-60 tonne. In September, jewellers had bought enough stock to cater to the demand during festival and wedding seasons ," All India Gems & Jewellery Trade Federation Director Bachhraj Bamalwa told PTI in Mumbai on Thursday.
India, the second biggest consumer of the yellow metal globally, imported 95 tonnes of gold in September ahead of festivals like 'Akshaya Tritiya' and Diwali, which see huge rush of consumers at jewellery outlets across the country.
The consumer sentiment was positive during the festivals and sale of jewellery, coins and bars rose by nearly 30 per cent, he said, adding the decline in prices also boosted the demand.
The festivals are immediately followed by the marriage season, which will continue till December 15, Bamalwa added.
"There are a lot of marriages scheduled at the end of November, we expect demand to begin in another week or so," Bamalwa said.
Last year, the demand for gold was very low due to the restrictions imposed by the government to control the current account deficit (CAD) - the difference between outflow and inflow of foreign exchange.
The duty was increased to 10 per cent from 2 per cent and norms under 80:20 scheme, which said 80 per cent of the gold imported should be exported, were tightened.
Meanwhile, in November the gold imports are expected to be similar to this month at about 60 tonne, he added.
Gold prices dropped on Thursday and ended at around Rs 26,700 per 10 gm in major markets.

UK to repay part of perpetual WWI loansAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Markets wobble as policy crutches removedMarkets wobble as policy crutches removed
Michael Mackenzie in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3a518c6e-6047-11e4-88d1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Halloween not too spooky  but rain and wind usher in a colder weekendBy A. Camden Walker October 31
Today’s Daily Digit
A somewhat subjective rating of the day’s weather, on a scale of 1 to 10.
7
Lucky 7 seems well-suited when Halloween clouds trick sun into hiding. Treats: Light wind, highs near 60
Express Forecast
Today: Partly sunny. Sprinkle? Highs: Upper 50s to low 60s.
Tonight: Cloudy, breezier, increasing chance of showers. Lows: Around 40 to mid-40s.
Tomorrow: Complex. Windy with some rain. Highs: Around 50 to low 50s.
Sunday: Sunnier, but still breezy. Highs: Upper 40s to low 50s.
FORECAST IN DETAIL
Conditions slowly deteriorate with increasing chances of rain and stronger winds as we head through tonight and into tomorrow. We should make it through today without major issues though. After some rain and wind, we’ll have sunshine to accompany our breezes on Sunday. Keep in mind there looks to be wind chills in the 30s and 40s for much of the weekend. You might want to dig out those winter clothes from the back of the closet. Next week should start off on a decent note, so just be patient.
Clouds: Latest mid-Atlantic infrared satellite shows movement of clouds over past two hours. Refresh page to update. See more maps on our Weather Wall .
Today (Friday): Sun could be hard to come by at times, but it shouldn’t be shrouded for the entire day. Despite numerous clouds, high temperatures should still aim for the upper 50s to low 60s. Perhaps a few mid-60s south of town in sunnier spots. By late afternoon, a few isolated sprinkles are possible (10% chance). We are lucky that winds remain light and varying in direction, so as to avoid any ghoulish wind chill! p.s., I’d like to also wish CWG readers happy “NATL TLK LKE A NWS FRCSTR DAY.” Confidence : Medium-High
Tonight: Temperatures cool quickly so be sure your costume provides enough warmth as temperatures head below 50. Clouds continue to create a creepy, mostly overcast, sky. Precipitation chances continue to increase, reaching about 25% chance around midnight. Perhaps 40% chance in the early morning hours. Luckily, for now, the rain is mostly light. North breezes may start to pick up later at night to around 5-10 mph. This may add a slight wind chill to pre-dawn low temperatures around 40 to mid-40s. Confidence: Medium-High
For related traffic news, check out Dr. Gridlock . Keep reading for the forecast through the weekend…
Tomorrow (Saturday): This is a tough call. It could be showers for part of the day, or more of an off and on all day rain. While I currently lean a bit more toward the former, we need to keep an eye on this. Stay tuned. Overall, the day can be characterized as fairly raw with temperatures barely budging as they attempt midday maximums around 50 to low 50s range. Those northerly breezes from overnight continue and slowly start to ramp up toward the 15 mph mark. Perhaps a couple northwesterly gusts near 25 mph late in the day. (Dress for wind chills around 40!) Rain chances overall run around 60%, maybe focused on the midday hours. Yes, high elevations in the Appalachians may see some snowflakes . Confidence: Low-Medium
Tomorrow night: A few evening showers can’t be ruled out (20-30% chance). Dress warmly for brisk wind chills near and below freezing. Northwesterly gusts around 30 mph could also rip down any remaining Halloween decorations. Low temperatures fall into the mid-to-upper 30s. We may have clearing skies but the wind should mix the atmosphere to such a great extent that very few of us well outside the Beltway touch the freezing mark. Confidence: Medium
Sunday: Is national “did you switch your clocks back one hour” day, as we exit daylight saving time. Enjoy the sunrise before 7 a.m.–maybe. Or at least take in the fairly clear skies that persist for much of the day while remembering the sun disappears quite early in the evening. Despite dominant sunshine, the cold air mass we are in simply won’t allow temperatures to rise much above the mid-40s to low 50s. Unfortunately, too, we may still have some persistent northwesterly winds around 15-20 mph with higher gusts. Have you had to dig out your scarf and gloves yet? Confidence: High
Fall color and Halloween decorations in Woodley Park on October 30. (Ian Livingston)
A LOOK AHEAD
Sunday night: Frost is likely in many locations… The end of the growing season? For some it seems so. Winds should diminish as the night wears on. Yet because the atmosphere’s heat content near the surface isn’t being mixed around as effectively, our surface heat escapes more directly upwards into the atmosphere. Temperatures could touch the upper 20s in a few of the coldest spots well outside the Beltway, to perhaps around 33-35 downtown. Confidence: High
Monday should be blissfully calmer. Breezes should be negligible, if any really. Sunshine is likely to reign! High temperatures thaw us out fairly effectively, with mid-to-upper 50s likely. Perhaps some of us can tease the 60 degree mark, if lucky. Confidence: Medium
Tuesday may be just a bit cloudy and have a cool start. Overall, through the course of the day, partly sunny conditions may mean we see enough sun to enjoy our lunch breaks. I also have to caution there may be a small chance of a stray shower. We’ll have to watch it as we get closer. High temperatures warm up just a notch, to around 60 north and west of town, with perhaps some mid-60s in D.C. and south of town. Confidence: Low-Medium

Street Smart: What to do in ChinatownComments
By Kris Coronado October 31
With only a smattering of Chinese establishments remaining and an increasing number of national chains arriving, this downtown destination should take a cue from Prince and be dubbed “The Neighborhood Formerly Known As.” Nevertheless, the eponymous former enclave provides ample opportunities for amusement with a few glimpses of its fading past.
 
Friendship Archway in Chinatown. Photo by Kris Coronado
Friendship Archway
Seventh and H streets NW
According to D.C. architect Alfred H. Liu, the two columns of this approximately 47-foot-tall and 75-foot-wide arch are made of reinforced concrete to protect it from errant drivers. Designed by Liu and dedicated in 1986, the piece is made in the style of China's Qing Dynasty and is intended to represent a congenial relationship between the United States and China. The piece features 272 decorative dragons, 35,000 gold leaf adornments and 7,000 roof tiles.
 

Warm weather to hurt SuperGroup profitsSuperGroup rejects discounting despite profit warning
John Aglionby
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/23d9172c-60ce-11e4-b935-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Gail profit rises 42% to Rs 1 303 cr in Sept-qtrGAIL profit rises 42 per cent to Rs 1,303 crore in September-quarter
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 31, 2014  | 16:19 IST
Photo: Reuters
GAIL, the nation's largest natural gas distributor, on Friday reported 42 per cent jump in its September quarter net profit as it did not pay any fuel subsidy.
Net profit for July-September rose to Rs 1,302.9 crore from Rs 9,15.67 crore in the same period a year ago, the company said in a filing to the stock exchanges.
GAIL , which along with state explorers ONGC and Oil India, met a part of the revenue loss that fuel retailers incurred on selling diesel, domestic LPG and kerosene at government controlled rates, did not pay any fuel subsidy in Q2, 2014-15. The subsidy payout was by way of discount on crude oil and LPG they sold to the refiners.
"The company provided nil discount for the quarter ending September 30, 2014 (previous year corresponding quarter: Rs 698.68 crore) as the company has not received orders from Petroleum Ministry relating to sharing of under-recoveries on LPG for the quarter," GAIL said.
The provisional discount provided in April-September was Rs 500 crore as compared to Rs 1,398.68 crore in the same period last fiscal.
"Effective April 1, 2014, the company has revised the useful life of fixed assets for the purposes of providing depreciation on fixed assets. This resulted in increase in profit before tax to the extent of Rs 69.37 crore during the quarter ending September 30 and Rs 138.74 crore in half year ended September 30," GAIL said.
GAIL said with oil regulator PNGRB fixing lower tariff for various pipeline network effective from November 20, 2008, the company has "derecognised the revenue by an amount of Rs 192.84 crore during the quarter (previous year corresponding quarter: nil) and Rs 434.43 crore in first half."
Revenue was marginally higher at Rs 14,063.18 crore in Q2 when compared with Rs 13,944.55 crore a year ago.

Bulls run mad on D-Street  Sensex ends 519 points up; 30 000 not farYou are here: Home > Collections
Sensex ends day at record high, seen on track to hit 30,000 in 60 days
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 31, 2014, 03.40PM IST
(Analysts at top brokerage…)
NEW DELHI: Both S&P BSE Sensex and Nifty made fresh highs today, surging nearly 2 per cent each in trade on Friday. The 30-share index ended the day at 27,865.83, up 519.50 points, or 1.90 per cent. The Nifty shut shop at 8322.20, up 153 points, or 1.87 per cent.
The Sensex hit its fresh lifetime high of 27,894.32 in intraday trade, while the 50-share Nifty index rose over 150 points to make its all-time high of 8,330.75.
Strong macro environment, reform push by the new government and falling inflation have already boosted the Sensex by over 30 per cent so far in the year 2014. But analysts at Dalal Street see further upside in the index up to the levels of 30,000 by the December-end and over 35,000 in the next one year.
Analysts at top brokerage firms firmly believe that we are in a bull market and equities will remain the best asset class in the next couple of years, provided global markets remain stable.
The markets have been on an upward trajectory since the last few days on the back of renewed vigor shown by the government to initiate reforms, apart from lower crude prices, lower inflation, supportive global cues and decent earnings, say experts.
Vikas Khemani of Edelweiss Financial Services believes that from the medium to long-term perspective, India remains one of the best markets to be in and equity remains one of the best asset classes to be invested into.
Expectations are running high given the fact that macros have stabalised and growth has bottomed out. And with the rate cycle set to reverse and more reforms gets implemented, the Indian markets may well be on top of the list of FIIs despite global concerns.
Though the quantitative easing ended on Wednesday, but the Federal Reserve is keeping the 'considerable period of time' stance for raising interest rates until it sees more improvement in the economy, which cheered the markets.
"Taking cues from the same, the BSE Sensex and the Nifty hit fresh highs and we are expecting further upside from the current levels as this move of the Fed has surely boosted the confidence of retail as well as global investors," said Vivek Gupta,CMT - Director Research, CapitalVia Global Research Limited.
"As the Nifty is further looking bullish on charts and fundamentals also seem to be supportive, slight correction might be on the way. But the overall upswing is likely to occur till Nov expiry. Our targets for the Nifty till December are 8400 & 8700 and for the Sensex, 30000 can be the golden figure," he added.
The slowdown in growth rates has dampened the sentiment quite a bit not just for Indian markets, but across the globe. But one thing which experts feel very firmly is the fact that India happens to be in a sweet spot and the whole India story remains intact.
India has managed to hold onto its macro factors compared with the rest of the emerging market economies and that will aide capital flow. They have also managed to push through key economic reforms.
 
After the recent diesel price deregulation, the government on Wednesday eased overseas investment rules in construction to attract money into the funds-starved sector and serve its twin objectives of faster job creation and housing for all.
"Economic indicators such as inflation, factory output, crude oil and other commodity prices are reflecting favorable numbers, which would further keep the market at comfortable levels in the coming month," said Tushar Pendharkar, Equity Strategist, Right Horizons.
Most analysts see the index hitting the levels above 30000-35000 in the next one year, which gives an upside of 10-28 per cent from the current levels. However, it will not be easy for the Indian markets to maintain the momentum considering the fact that the US might just increase rates amid global economic slowdown.
"India would be very unlikely impacted by the Fed decision in the near term. However, I believe that the Indian economy would be inversely proportional to domestic inflation and international crude oil prices, but in both the cases the trend is under control and outlook looks positive for the economy," adds Pendharkar.
But brokers are hopeful for a smart rally on the bourses. According to a survey conducted by ET, the Sensex is on track to hit levels above 30000-35000 by next Diwali or by the end of next one year, while the 50-share Nifty index could record levels of 8500 in the next 12 months.
According to an ET Now survey of 15 brokerage firms, 80 per cent of the respondents surveyed see the Nifty index trading above 8500 levels by next Diwali, while 13 per cent see the index hovering in the range of 8000-8500. Only 7 per cent of the respondents see the index moving in the range of 7500-8000.
According to the survey, 33 per cent of respondents are of the view that the Sensex could see the levels above 35000 by next Diwali, while 50 per cent see the index trading in the range of 30000-35000. Only 17 per cent of the respondents see the index hovering in the range of 26000-30000.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex up 519 pts; to hit 30K soon | Gold prices plunge by Rs 600You are here: Home > Collections
Sensex ends day at record high, seen on track to hit 30,000 in 60 days
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 31, 2014, 03.40PM IST
(Analysts at top brokerage…)
NEW DELHI: Both S&P BSE Sensex and Nifty made fresh highs today, surging nearly 2 per cent each in trade on Friday. The 30-share index ended the day at 27,865.83, up 519.50 points, or 1.90 per cent. The Nifty shut shop at 8322.20, up 153 points, or 1.87 per cent.
The Sensex hit its fresh lifetime high of 27,894.32 in intraday trade, while the 50-share Nifty index rose over 150 points to make its all-time high of 8,330.75.
Strong macro environment, reform push by the new government and falling inflation have already boosted the Sensex by over 30 per cent so far in the year 2014. But analysts at Dalal Street see further upside in the index up to the levels of 30,000 by the December-end and over 35,000 in the next one year.
Analysts at top brokerage firms firmly believe that we are in a bull market and equities will remain the best asset class in the next couple of years, provided global markets remain stable.
The markets have been on an upward trajectory since the last few days on the back of renewed vigor shown by the government to initiate reforms, apart from lower crude prices, lower inflation, supportive global cues and decent earnings, say experts.
Vikas Khemani of Edelweiss Financial Services believes that from the medium to long-term perspective, India remains one of the best markets to be in and equity remains one of the best asset classes to be invested into.
Expectations are running high given the fact that macros have stabalised and growth has bottomed out. And with the rate cycle set to reverse and more reforms gets implemented, the Indian markets may well be on top of the list of FIIs despite global concerns.
Though the quantitative easing ended on Wednesday, but the Federal Reserve is keeping the 'considerable period of time' stance for raising interest rates until it sees more improvement in the economy, which cheered the markets.
"Taking cues from the same, the BSE Sensex and the Nifty hit fresh highs and we are expecting further upside from the current levels as this move of the Fed has surely boosted the confidence of retail as well as global investors," said Vivek Gupta,CMT - Director Research, CapitalVia Global Research Limited.
"As the Nifty is further looking bullish on charts and fundamentals also seem to be supportive, slight correction might be on the way. But the overall upswing is likely to occur till Nov expiry. Our targets for the Nifty till December are 8400 & 8700 and for the Sensex, 30000 can be the golden figure," he added.
The slowdown in growth rates has dampened the sentiment quite a bit not just for Indian markets, but across the globe. But one thing which experts feel very firmly is the fact that India happens to be in a sweet spot and the whole India story remains intact.
India has managed to hold onto its macro factors compared with the rest of the emerging market economies and that will aide capital flow. They have also managed to push through key economic reforms.
 
After the recent diesel price deregulation, the government on Wednesday eased overseas investment rules in construction to attract money into the funds-starved sector and serve its twin objectives of faster job creation and housing for all.
"Economic indicators such as inflation, factory output, crude oil and other commodity prices are reflecting favorable numbers, which would further keep the market at comfortable levels in the coming month," said Tushar Pendharkar, Equity Strategist, Right Horizons.
Most analysts see the index hitting the levels above 30000-35000 in the next one year, which gives an upside of 10-28 per cent from the current levels. However, it will not be easy for the Indian markets to maintain the momentum considering the fact that the US might just increase rates amid global economic slowdown.
"India would be very unlikely impacted by the Fed decision in the near term. However, I believe that the Indian economy would be inversely proportional to domestic inflation and international crude oil prices, but in both the cases the trend is under control and outlook looks positive for the economy," adds Pendharkar.
But brokers are hopeful for a smart rally on the bourses. According to a survey conducted by ET, the Sensex is on track to hit levels above 30000-35000 by next Diwali or by the end of next one year, while the 50-share Nifty index could record levels of 8500 in the next 12 months.
According to an ET Now survey of 15 brokerage firms, 80 per cent of the respondents surveyed see the Nifty index trading above 8500 levels by next Diwali, while 13 per cent see the index hovering in the range of 8000-8500. Only 7 per cent of the respondents see the index moving in the range of 7500-8000.
According to the survey, 33 per cent of respondents are of the view that the Sensex could see the levels above 35000 by next Diwali, while 50 per cent see the index trading in the range of 30000-35000. Only 17 per cent of the respondents see the index hovering in the range of 26000-30000.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex jumps 519 points to new closing peak of 27 865Sensex up 519 pts to new closing peak of 27,865
Reuters  Mumbai, October 31, 2014
First Published: 10:13 IST(31/10/2014) | Last Updated: 00:54 IST(1/11/2014)
Comments
The BSE Sensex and Nifty surged to record highs for a second consecutive session on Friday after Bank of Japan's surprise expansion of its massive stimulus programme raised hopes for additional foreign inflows, boosting blue-chips such as Larsen & Toubro.
The 30-share Sensex rose as much as 1.96% to an all-time high of 27,894.32, while the Nifty gained as much as 1.97% to mark a record high of 8,330.75, surpassing their previous highs hit on Thursday.
The benchmark BSE Sensex closed 1.9 higher at 27,865.83 while the broader Nifty ended up 1.87% at 8,322.20.
Larsen & Toubro surged 3.6%, while Housing Development Finance Corp rose 3.9%. Both the indexes also marked their eighth month of gains in nine.

Super Nani review: Itis loud  badly planned and lousily executedCast: Rekha, Sharman Joshi, Randhir Kapoor
Director: Indra Kumar
Rating: 1/5
Rekha is back on the silver screen with Indra Kumar's Super Nani.
Indra Kumar, the director of Dil, Beta, Raja, Masti and Grand Masti, is back with his latest film Super Nani and it seems he is still stuck in the ‘70s. Despite having a thought provoking climax, the film gets reduced to a collage of tacky family dramas of Nutan-Mena Kumari era. Interestingly, the film has an entire 20 minute sequence that pays homage to yesteryear heroines. However, all this happens in such a manner that the audience starts feeling trapped inside a saas-bahu soap.
Bharti Bhatia (Rekha), a Patna born hardworking lady, has spent her entire life in the service of her family that includes her husband RK Bhatia (Randhir Kapoor), son Suketu (Rajesh Kumar) and daughter Gargee (Anchal Dwivedi). Her daughter-in-law (Shreya Narayan) is also a pain in the neck for Bharti. Nobody treats Bharti better than a doormat until her relative Mann (Sharman Joshi) arrives from America who devises a way to turn the tables and put Bharti back on a high pedestal.
The film has a regular storyline which showcases Rekha as a helpless mother who simply accepts every rude gesture of her family members as another litmus test. This too shall pass is her mantra in life while in her heart she craves for her husband’s attention who is simply blown away by his secretary’s intelligence and beauty. Seems like an old story? I can’t take a no for no because this is one story which has been played on Indian celluloid for more than 50 years, and even the most creatively challenged filmmaker stopped milking this plot two decades ago.
I am ok with the fact that Indra Kumar made a film on a mother’s plight but I can’t sustain the treatment he has given to it. There is one sequence in the film which shows Rekha cooking food for everybody and singing a prayer to Lord Krishna for the eternal welfare of her family and then she comes back to the dining table only to be humiliated again. Sorry, but more than Rekha this becomes a torture on the audience’s intelligence.
I am not denying the fact that it could be a reality in today’s India. In fact it is, but why should an innocent moviegoer suffer because the director couldn't think  of anything better. Anyway, just when Rekha thought it’s a never-ending saga, she gets selected for a modeling assignment. This turns out to be a life changing move for her and she starts earning money, power and respect, but her family still needs a severe jolt to accept her authority.
The transformation from Mother India to Mrs India happens in a jiffy and Rekha becomes a woman who can seek revenge and get some screws tightened. As expected, everyone realises their mistake and the house becomes a home, hopefully forever.
Super Nani is loud, badly planned and lousily executed. Rekha as Bharti Bhatia tries her best to save a film which simply refuses to grow beyond the walls of Lalita Pawar’s house but there is absolutely no novelty and freshness in the idea and the characters are so strident that the viewer begins to blame his fortune within minutes.
Watch: Super Nani trailer
Indra Kumar is a veteran and knows the tricks of the trade and thus his choice of making a film like Super Nani astonishes me. Actors can’t do much about a film which is based on a redundant premise and as a consequence they look bored, uninterested and tired.
The climax of the film generates some sympathy towards the cause of women empowerment but Randhir Kapoor’s hamming takes away even that bit of compassion out of the flabbergasted spectator.
Super Nani isn't worth your time. It has absolutely nothing to offer. I wouldn’t be surprised if some actors never get a call from producers after this film.

2G scam: Charges against A Raja  KanimozhiComments
“I hope you’re all pleading guilty,” he said in open court. However, all the accused said they pleaded not guilty. The trial will be held on November 11, and the court will begin by examining the complainant and ED’s joint director Himanshu Kumar Lal.
The agency had on April 25 filed its charge sheet which accused 10 individuals and nine companies of being in “connivance” with each other to “park” illegal gratification of Rs. 223.55 crore in Kalaignar TV.
The gratification was received from the promoters of DB Realty Group and Swan Telecom Shahid Balwa and Vinod K Goenka. It was given to A Raja and MK Dayalu, K Kanimozhi and Sharad Kumar through various companies as a “bribe for grant of telecom licences to DB Group companies”.
In its 208-page order, the court noted that Raja was “actually involved in the process of refund of the proceeds of crime of Rs. 223.55 crore in order to wriggle out of the charges of crime”. The whole amount was “proceeds of crime,” it added.
Senior DMK leaders in Chennai declined comment on the fresh development beyond saying, “We will fight the issue legally.”
Besides Raja, Kanimozhi and Dayalu Ammal, the individual co-accused in the case are Shahid Balwa, Vinod Goenka, directors of Kusegaon Fruits and Vegetables Pvt Ltd Asif Balwa and Rajiv Agarwal, Kalaignar TV (KTV) MD Sharad Kumar, its director P Amirtham and Bollywood producer Karim Morani.
The court also framed charges against the nine accused firms including Swan Telecom and Kalaignar TV. It observed that the allegations of money laundering and bribery against the accused were “factual and credible”.

Rs 1.2L cr of I-T returns this year: FM | Fiscal deficit nears 83% of Budget EstimatesArun Jaitley
(As per the official data,…)
NEW DELHI: Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today said increased tax refunds in the current financial year is leading to higher fiscal deficit, which neared 83 per cent of full year target in the April-September period.
"Higher tax refunds are getting reflected in fiscal deficit number. This year there were pending tax refunds estimated around Rs 1.20 lakh crore," he told reporters here.
As per the official data, fiscal deficit has touched 82.6 per cent of budget estimates for 2014-15 to cross Rs 4.38 lakh crore at the end of September.
For entire 2014-15, fiscal deficit - gap between government expenditure and revenue - has been pegged at Rs 5.31 lakh crore or 4.1 per cent of GDP.
"It would be challenging to achieve indirect tax aim. Direct tax target would be achievable. We would strive to achieve fiscal deficit aim for this fiscal," Jaitley said.
Net tax receipts in the first half of the fiscal stood at Rs 3.23 lakh crore, or 33.1 per cent of Budget Estimates.
During April-October 20 period, the tax department has made refunds to the tune of Rs 80,850 crore.
The government aims to collect Rs 7.36 lakh crore from direct taxes in current fiscal, up from over Rs 6.36 lakh crore collected last year.
As regards indirect tax, the target is to collect over Rs 6.24 lakh crore, up 20.28 per cent over the collection in 2013-14.
FEATURED ARTICLES

COAI wants TRAI to review telecom M&A guidel...You are here: Home > Collections > Coai
COAI wants TRAI to review telecom M&A guidelines
PTI Oct 31, 2014, 04.57PM IST
Tags:
Cellular Operators Association of India
(Telecom Regulatory Authority…)
NEW DELHI: GSM cellular operators have requested telecom regulator TRAI to review the merger and acquisition guidelines, notified in February, so as to encourage consolidation in the sector.
"To facilitate consolidation in the sector, it is important that the M&A guidelines be reviewed and modified to promote orderly growth of the sector," Cellular Operators Association of India's Director General Rajan S Mathews said in a letter to TRAI Chairman Rahul Khullar .
"We request authority to initiate a suo moto consultation on M&A policy so as to enable a comprehensive review of the guidelines with participation of all the stakeholders," Mathews said.
In September, Khullar himself had said that there is a need to rework the M&A policy as the industry is cluttered with 10-12 operators and some companies are running heavy losses, which needs to stop.
The Department of Telecom in February notified M&A norms with relaxation in market share criteria. The rules now allow a merged entity to account for up to 50 per cent in terms of subscriber numbers and revenue, up from 40 per cent.
However, as per the rules, the acquiring company will have to pay the market determined fee for all spectrum allocated to the merged entity through administrative process under the old licensing regime.
COAI has said that this provision is one of the key deterrents to the consolidation process.
"It is important to review and put in place conducive M&A policy norms to provide impetus for consolidation in the sector. No M&A activity took place during the last 10 years under the various M&A policy guidelines issued by the DoT from time to time," Mathews said.
Under the TRAI Act, the regulator can suo motu or after getting reference from government on any sectoral issue come up with recommendations for formulation of rules or policies.
The Telecom Regulatory Authority of India had earlier, suo motu, started consultation process on spectrum trading and issued the recommendations in July.
The spectrum trading and sharing guidelines are expected to be notified by the end of this year.
This move is aimed at enabling industry to procure spectrum from the market instead of just depending on the government for auction or allocation of the radiowaves used for mobile telephony.
FEATURED ARTICLES

FB sets up India Client Council to offer bra...Facebook sets up India Client Council to offer a forum to brands
PTI Oct 31, 2014, 05.13PM IST
Tags:
Airtel
(The Council includes companies…)
NEW DELHI: World's largest social networking site Facebook has set up the India Client Council to offer a forum to brands to share ideas about the future of marketing.
The Council includes companies like Tata Motors , Flipkart, Airtel , P&G, Madison World, ICICI Bank, HUL, Micromax and Future Group among others.
Apart from India, Facebook has global, EMEA, Brazil and UK councils.
"There are now more than 100 million people in India connected through Facebook and in the past year, we have invested heavily in creating solutions that are tailored to the needs of people and advertisers here," Facebook India Managing Director Kirthiga Reddy said.
This is the next step in the efforts to better serve partners -- the India Client Council, she added.
"In India and around the world, the rate of people with access to digital services and devices is skyrocketing, and for many here the mobile phone has already become a true lifeline, providing information about market prices, healthcare, banking, employment and entertainment," she said in a blog.
This rapid acceleration of mobile presents businesses with unprecedented opportunities to reach their customers, but also new challenges, Reddy said.
"Facebook is committed to helping businesses navigate this changing landscape, and the Client Council makes our clients and agency partners a key part of this journey," she added.
India is the largest market for Facebook outside the US, with over 100 million users. Globally, it had 1.35 billion monthly active users as of September 30, 2014.
GroupM CEO CVL Srinivas said the initiative will help discuss the future of marketing by igniting conversations amongst some of India;s most influential marketers.
"Facebook has been one of the key growth partners for Flipkart and the e-commerce industry at large. I am really keen on engaging in an open and transparent idea sharing platform with other people in the Indian ecosystem to find ways in which we can grow not just our business, but trade and commerce in general," Flipkart CEO Sachin Bansal said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Gone Girl: Marriage interruptedDirector: David Fincher
Cast: Ben Affleck, Rosamund Pike, Neil Patrick Harris, Tyler Perry
An insightful story about a dysfunctional marriage, Gone Girl is a suspense drama that looks you in the eye and makes you fret about what we and modern day relationships have become. David Fincher loves exploring disturbing elements of human nature and here he brings his tools home. Nick faces the crisis of his life when his wife Amy goes missing on the day they complete the fifth year of their marriage.
Based on the bestselling novel by Gilian Flynn, who has also penned the screenplay, the narrative goes back and forth to generate pace and shift perspective. Yes, Nick shows his side of the relationship and Amy comes later with her own point of view leading us to constantly reassess our position. Does Nick really love her or has he lost it after he got the pink slip and cancer gripped his mother. Is the blonde Amy, the single child of her parents up, to a game? Can she cope with the downswing in the relationship?
As we get to know the high and low points of what seems like a pleasant relationship in the beginning, we get into a zone we don’t like to be in real life. That’s the felicity of Fincher. He makes us escape reality without leaving everyday concerns like truth and betrayal. It is entertaining, it is stylish with sarcastic one liners thrown in for good measure. But before you begin to enjoy the lurid details, Fincher and Flynn slip in issues of identity and infidelity. The brightness of good life gives way to the shadows of mistrust. How well do we know the person we live with, the questions crops up time and again. And in between Fylnn comments on the media circus that such ‘missing’ events become.
The casting sustains the cloud of doubt. Affleck’s reticence often becomes exasperating on screen. But here it works just fine for we don’t get to know whether Nick is a killer or a hapless husband. Similarly Pike is charming and chilling at the same time. That also very much describes the film.
Bottomline: A curious take on the mystery of marriage that is entertaining and exploratory at the same time

Sahara chief shells out Rs 31L for special f...Sahara Group chief Subrata Roy shells out Rs 31 lakh for Tihar's special facilities
PTI Oct 31, 2014, 05.47PM IST
Tags:
Sahara group
(Roy was allowed by the Supreme…)
NEW DELHI: Sahara group has paid Rs 31 lakh to Tihar jail authorities as charges for stay of its chief Subrata Roy in an air-conditioned facility and using services like phone, internet and video conferencing for 57 days to negotiate sale of his luxury hotels abroad.
Roy was allowed by the Supreme Court to use the jail's conference room to negotiate sale of his hotels in order to collect Rs 10,000 crore for his bail.
"The payment was made by the Sahara group a few days before the withdrawal of special services. An amount of Rs 31 lakh has been submitted to us that includes the expenses of security, electricity charges, food etc," a senior jail official told PTI.
Roy, 65, stayed in the special facility for a total period of 57 days with his two directors Ashok Roy Choudhary and Ravi Shankar Dubey from August 5 to September 30.
In a letter to Tihar authorities recently, Roy had demanded restoration of the facilities saying that almost 80 per cent of the deal was fixed and that withdrawal of services may lead to its cancellation.
He had also demanded enhanced security claiming threat to his life.
Roy, who was sent to jail on March 4 this year for non-refund of over Rs 20,000 crore with interest to depositors, was asked by the court to pay Rs 10,000 crore to get bail, including Rs 5,000 crore in cash and rest of the amount in bank guarantee.
FEATURED ARTICLES

GMR takes over operation of Mactan-Cebu Int ...GMR
(GMR Chairman G M Rao and other…)
HYDERABAD: GMR-Megawide consortium is set to takeover operations of Mactan-Cebu International Airport in the Philippines from midnight tonight, a senior official of the Indian infra major said.
"The operations will be handed over to the consortium from tonight. Some of the existing employees of the airport will be working with us," the official told PTI.
The USD 700 million-project to develop and operate the Mactan-Cebu International Airport in the Philippines was awarded by the Department of Transportation and Communications (DOTC) of Philippines.
Megawide is a Philippines-based construction company. As part of the agreement, the consortium will have to develop a new terminal within three years from the taking over operations of the airports, the official said, adding that the construction of new passenger terminal would involve an investment outlay of nearly USD 380 million.
In the bidding, conducted in November last year, the GMR-Megawide Consortium proposed to undertake the project, which entails renovating the existing passenger terminal building (PTB), building a new one to service international flights, and operating the airport.
The existing terminal was designed to handle approximately 4.5 million passengers, but it currently handles roughly 7.1 million. The expansion of the terminal is expected to raise the annual passenger capacity of the airport to 12.5 million.
The concession agreement involves upfront payment premium of 14.4 billion Peso (over USD 320 million) and the concessionaire has already paid, the GMR official said.
Earlier, a DOTC spokesperson in a release had said that the 25-year concession was awarded to GMR-Megawide following several months of reviewing various legal questions raised by a bidder in connection with the Airport project.
After losing Male Airport operations and selling off its stake in Sabiha Gokcen International Airport (ISGIA) at Istanbul, Turkey, MCIA is the only overseas airport that is currently under the GMR group. The group manages international airports at New Delhi and Hyderabad.
With regard to the user development fee at the airport, the official said all those amounts are pre-determined by the airport authority and the consortium has no role in it.
GMR Chairman G M Rao and other senior executives of the Group recently met Philippines President Benigno S Aquino III in Manila.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Exxon Posts Surprise Profit Jump on RefiningThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Devendra Fadnavis takes oath as first BJP CM of MaharashtraDevendra Fadnavis takes oath as first BJP CM of Maharashtra
Nifty jumps 100 pts from 8 200 to 8 300 in 5 hoursNifty jumps 100 pts from 8,200 to 8,300 in 5 hours
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 31:  
As the benchmark indices scaled new highs, the NSE Nifty on Friday journeyed from 8,200 to 8,300 level in just five hours time.
It is likely to be the shortest time span within which the index moved 100 points however, any such previous occurrence could not be ascertained.
The 50-share benchmark index Nifty opened on a bullish note at 8,200.80, and then surged over 100 points to touch the 8300 level at nearly 1500 hrs, bouyed by a series of economic reforms undertaken by the Narendra Modi-led government and strong earnings by blue-chip companies.
The rally in the broader market also mirrored the positive trend seen in other Asian markets. Nifty surged 153 points to fresh closing high of 8,322.20 points. In intra-day trade it touched 8,330.75 points.
“The Nifty has scaled a new record today. It has covered 100 points in a shortest period of time and this rally is going to extend in the next few days as well,” CNI Research CMD Kishore P Ostwal said, adding that next week Nifty is set to cross 8,500.
Ostwal further said that “today’s rally was a bluechip-driven rally and the coming week is expected to favour small cap and mid cap stocks.”
It was clearly a blue-chip driven rally, wherein IDFC gained more than 5 per cent, while HDFC, Gail, L&T and Tata Steel all registered over 3 per cent gain each.
Brokers said continued buying by foreign funds as well as retail investors, triggered by a series of economic reforms undertaken by the Narendra Modi-led government and strong earnings by blue-chip companies, lifted the key indices to new highs.
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

Money  and a new fridge  can buy happiness  surveySign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Fadnavis sworn in as Maharashtra chief minister; Modi  Uddhav attend ceremonyDevendra Fadnavis sworn in as Maharashtra chief minister, Shiv Sena joins bash
HT Correspondents , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, October 31, 2014
First Published: 15:06 IST(31/10/2014) | Last Updated: 08:16 IST(1/11/2014)
Comments
Devendra Fadnavis was sworn in as the BJP’s first chief minister in Maharashtra on Friday but had to share some of the limelight with another man — Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray, who attended the ceremony after a last-minute phone call from BJP chief Amit Shah.
 
Fadnavis — the state’s 27th CM and its youngest at 44 — took the oath of office with a team of nine ministers at Wankhede stadium in Mumbai. In attendance were Prime Minister Narendra Modi, LK Advani, Shah, the CMs of BJP-ruled and friendly states and a crowd of 40,000-50,000, according to BJP estimates.
 
A significant development on the sidelines was the apparent thaw between squabbling ex-allies BJP and Shiv Sena. Thackeray — firm till Thursday night on boycotting the swearing-in over the BJP’s “constant humiliation” of his party — met Shah immediately after the ceremony, setting off talk of a patch-up and post-poll alliance.
BJP National President Amit Shah with Maharashtra CM-designate Devendra Fadnavis during their meeting at his residence in New Delhi. ( Sonu Mehta/HT Photo)
Union minister Arun Jaitley and Fadnavis too had called up Thackeray earlier in the day to make him change his mind. The Sena chief came with wife Rashmi and party MP Vinayak Raut.
 
The Sena has 63 MLAs who can help the BJP — with 121 MLAs in the 288-strong assembly — prove majority without taking the support offered by other parties such as the Nationalist Congress Party.
 
The NCP showed Friday it was more than willing to help the BJP, with most of its senior leaders, barring boss Sharad Pawar, sharing the dais with their BJP counterparts.
 
The new chief minister swung into action almost immediately after assuming charge, saying his government would ensure transparency and bring in a law to ensure an effective service mechanism for the people. “People want their work done without any delay. We will bring in a law under which the government (officers and other staffers) would deliver service as quickly as possible,” Fadnavis said during his first media interaction after being sworn in as chief minister.  
The CM said he would also review decisions taken by the former government, as it involved expenditure of more than Rs. 52,000 crore. “If we were to execute these schemes, we will need to raise loans to finance them. We will examine how feasible these decisions are,” he said.
Fadnavis — a four-time MLA from Nagpur and a lawyer and business management expert by training — said portfolio allocations would be made on Saturday. The CM wants to keep home and finance with himself.  The assembly session is expected to be held between November 10 and 12 during which time the government will table the trust vote.
Council of ministers

Halloween in LouisianaComments
By Karen Heller October 31 Follow @kheller
NEW ORLEANS -- On Halloween in Louisiana, it seems fitting to ask, which is scarier? Inebriated, costumed revelers in New Orleans' French Quarter or the incessant barrage of negative ads for Tuesday's U.S. Senate race?
During the Saints game Thursday, fans were treated to a 28-10 victory over the Panthers (talks of playoffs ensued, despite a middling 4-4 record) interrupted by enough nasty, opposition political spots to cause indigestion for days. Often,  two negative ads ran against incumbent three-time Democratic Sen. Mary Landrieu in a single break.
It should have been a drinking game. Possibly,  it was.
Pain is a common motif.  Republican Rep. Bill Cassidy, a gastroenterologist, warned of Landrieu "forcing Obamacare down our throats." Another ad cautioned that the senator is "Loyal to Obama, Hurting Louisiana."
Humor, other than accidental, is in short supply. One rare exception is a spot for Tea Party challenger Rob Maness  -- "Conservative. Vet. One of us" --  that features the retired Air Force colonel gator wrangling "because Louisiana needs a senator who will stand up to the career politicians and the alligators." Last month, Maness presented a three-foot gator to supporter and fellow hunter Sarah Palin at the Restaurant des Families in Crown Point, La., which serves alligator-stuffed mushrooms with an alligator piquant sauce, yours for $10.
Louisiana Republican U.S. Senate candidate Rob Maness vows to stand up to "the career politicians and the alligators" in Washington in this ad. (Rob Maness via YouTube)
With Maness third in the polls and trailing in this champion bowl of fundraising, at least $40 million so far with little end in sight, the spot lives mostly on YouTube.
 

S&P 500 to test record high after BOJ ramps up stimulusWall Street rises for 7th week, but ends off its highs
Reasons to be thankful
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
8
Bank stocks and other sectors tied to the pace of growth led on the day, though continued weakness in crude oil weighed on energy shares. While major indexes ended off their highs of the session, both the Dow and S&P closed at records.
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
125
Payrolls rose by 321,000 in November, way above the 230,000 estimated, while the unemployment rate held steady at 5.8 percent, a six-year low.
The report blew past forecasts, but also raised expectations that a rate hike from the Federal Reserve may materialize sooner than previously thought.
Ronald Sanchez, chief investment officer of Fiduciary Trust Company International in New York, said the number was "unambiguously strong," though it "could mean some changes to policy recommendations with the Fed. June 2015 is back on the table for when rates could rise."
Financials <.SPSY> rose 1 percent as higher interest rates would prop up earnings in the sector. Bank of America  rose 2.7 percent to $17.68 while Goldman Sachs  was up 1.8 percent to $195.45, boosting the Dow.
Utilities <.SPLRCU>, a dividend play, fell 0.8 percent as Treasuries yields rose. Energy <.SPNY> fell 1.2 percent alongside a 1.7 percent drop in crude  prices. Most sectors ended well off their highs of the session.
"The day's market action has to be seen in the context of the recovery we've had year-to-date. Payrolls confirm the strength of the economy, but that strength is reflected in stock prices," said Sanchez, who helps oversee $16 billion in assets.
Separate data showed new orders for U.S. factory goods fell for a third straight month in October, pointing to a slowdown in manufacturing activity.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 58.69 points, or 0.33 percent, to 17,958.79, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 3.45 points, or 0.17 percent, to 2,075.37 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.32 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,780.76.
For the week, the Dow rose 0.7 percent and the S&P rose 0.4 percent. It was the seventh straight weekly gain, a streak not seen in a year for both. The Nasdaq fell 0.2 percent on the week.
American Eagle Outfitters  fell 13.8 percent to $11.91 after the teen apparel retailer forecast a current-quarter profit below analysts' estimates and reported its fifth straight drop in quarterly income.
About 5.81 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 1,614 to 1,480, for a 1.09-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,809 issues rose and 927 fell, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio favoring advancers.
The S&P 500 posted 98 new 52-week highs and 10 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 168 new highs and 93 new lows.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Cramer: Stop ignoring rallycramer: stop ignoring rally
QUIZ: Is this a Ted Cruz quote or a Kanye West quoteU.S. Senator Ted Cruz (R-TX) delivers his remarks at the morning plenary session of the Values Voter Summit in Washington September 26, 2014. REUTERS/Gary Cameron
 
Cruz, of course, has a special burden because of his past. With the shutdown, Cruz established himself as the Kanye West of conservatism, our insufferable superstar who rushed the stage of American politics. Cruz should put his enormous talents to work by recalling his presidential exploratory staff – beginning with his Chief of Staff – and get to work on an Obamacare alternative. If pulls it off, he just may earn the presidency.
-- John Hart, Opportunity Lives, October 29, 2014
 
Conservatives have boasted about this goal with all the secrecy and humility of Kanye West explaining his lyrics. In 2011, while he was just a candidate for Senate, Ted Cruz told the New York Times that it would “fundamentally shift the character of the Senate” if “the five or six strong conservatives elected to the Senate in 2012 became 10 or 12.” This week, after he returned to Texas, Cruz blamed the Republicans who had opposed the defund fight for whatever damage had happened to “the Republican brand.”

Chevron Corp quarterly profit jumps 13 percentChevron Corp quarterly profit jumps 13 percent
RBS sets aside USD 639 million for currency probeRBS sets aside USD 639 million for currency probe
Suzlon Energy Q2 net loss at Rs6562.10mnSuzlon Energy Q2 net loss at Rs6562.10mn
Bank of Baroda revises interest rates on term depositsBank of Baroda revises interest rates on term deposits
Sardar Patel strove all his life for unity of India: NaiduSardar Patel strove all his life for unity of India: Naidu
Deepak Nitrite issues CP worth Rs 25 croreDeepak Nitrite issues CP worth Rs 25 crore
I waant hp to sell the company at any price. performance is drfitin...Platinum Member
76 Followers
I waant  HP to sell the  company at any price.  performance is drfiting  and accounts are restated. Govt revenues are reversed. More detils onthie Adhar project  through Swathy telecom is required.
can HP be a party to such  fluidity in accounts
Won`t SEC usa,  view this  as a injustice and unfairness to the HP shareholders who   have the largest stake inthis comapny
unless the U S SEC intervenes , the mess cannot be  repaired
i am independently  writing to the U S SEC, if my letter to the Board of HP does not get a  fitting replly
All the  Indian  shareholders should   become more vigilant
7.35 PM Oct 31st  | Track

Rajendra ji  today price did not move but volume is better  what does ...Guest
Its better to concentrate on other shares.
Only BDA has to take interest, then only something will happen. It seems BDA is busy with other activities not that much interested in VIKAS wsp
11.59 AM Oct 31st

Its call flop call and sl hit call..not hit call lol be mature manCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

4 page bhar gye tere repost wale call se....which all sl hit...wo bhi ...Platinum Member
2109 Followers
Reposted about 31 days 16 hrs 15 min 27 sec ago by deephit and 2 others
4 page bhar gye tere repost wale call se....which all sl hit...wo bhi  gold me 200 point silver me 700 point crude me 80 point zinc me 2 rs wale copper me 5 rs k stop lose ude h..ek nahi 5-5 bar

Krishna Board suggests Telangana to use 3 tmcft of water tillNovember 2Krishna Board permits Telangana to use 3 tmcft of water till November 2
V. Rishi Kumar
Board to meet again on Nov.15
Hyderabad, Oct. 31:  
The Krishna River Management Board on Friday permitted Telangana to utilise 3 tmcft of water and generate power up to November 2.
Thereafter, it felt that the demand for power would come down as the kharif season has come to an end and the power requirement would also come down significantly. It also decided to meet again on November 15 to review the situation.
The decision of the Board today comes in the backdrop of both the warring states of Telangana and Andhra Pradesh raising their respective concerns about power generation and voicing against it, as power generation would have adverse impact on the water storage in the major reservoir.
With the Telangana Government generating power from the Srisailam hydel power project, AP raised objections. It also raised concerns about the depletion of water level in the Srisailam reservoir leading to far reaching consequences. The Government orders in the past were passed to utilised water optimally for various regions. It is necessary to store water at certain minimum draw down level to supply water to some parts of the State
Based on the concerns expressed by both the States and meeting with the Chief Ministers, the Krishna Board chaired by SKG Pandit convened a meeting of representatives of both the States on Wednesday, where the meeting ended in a stalemate. It met again to continue to hold discussions on Thursday and today it came out with its directive to Telangana on usage of water resources. And decided to review the situation again next month and also revisit the long term supply issues and sharing approach between the two States. As agreed earlier, the existing orders stay till they are considered.
Following the developments, the Telangana Chief Minister K Chandrasekhar Rao has convened a review meeting to take stock of the situation.
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

How The Anjou Trilogy Came To Bereddit
My mother studied history at Vienna University, and as children, my brother and I reveled in her tales of heroes from ancient Greece and Rome; of the fierce Moghuls and the conquering Ottomans; or of medieval mysteries; and always, there were knights in shining armour doing what they should.  Perhaps it was inevitable that I too studied history and history of art and after my marriage, writing seemed the best option as a profession.
Following the birth of my two children, in 1981 I began and five happy years of research and writing later, "Crowned in a Far Country: Portraits of Eight Royal Brides" was published.  While deciding on my choice of heroine, I discovered that often it was not the queen who was the real "first lady" of her country who had the most influence on her husband or the arts, theatre, music, interior design, gardens or child rearing.  Sometimes it was the royal mistress, the choice of the king's heart and not one dictated by politics.  Beginning with the 16th , I chose an impressive royal mistress a century.
In 1991, "Cupid and the King: Five Royal Paramours" was published. Once again, that last book led me to my next subject.  A large number of English speaking readers let me know that they had heard of each royal mistress from "Cupid" except for Diane de Poitiers -- only to the French did her name seem familiar and mostly not more than that -- but then the French had not heard of Nell Gwyn either.  Of them all, Diane was my favourite. I decided to write her biography without knowing at the time that she was my direct ancestor.  In 2004 Diane de Poitiers' biography, "The Serpent and the Moon: Two Rivals for the Love of a King", was published to pleasing acclaim from France!
Diane was an aristocratic girl born in 1500 and betrothed to Louis de Brézé, a grand courtier aged fifty-six when she was a maid of fifteen.  He had been twice widowed, no children, and the union, considered most appropriate by the court of France, was arranged by the formidable royal Princess Anne de Beaujeu, twice regent of France, who had also arranged the marriage of Diane's parents.  Surely an advantageous match I thought, or why pair such an unlikely couple?  But who was Louis de Brézé that he should be such a catch for the equally well-born Diane de Poitiers, thirty years his junior?
I discovered that he was the godson of King Louis XI, a previous monarch, who had arranged for Jacques de Brézé, the son of a wise, older friend, to wed his beloved half-sister, Charlotte de France.  And who was she, I wondered?  None other than the legitimised daughter of the legendary beauty Agnès Sorel, mistress of Louis' father, Charles VII. Agnès had not only been the guiding light of that dissipated king, twenty years her senior, but also his one and only true love.  It was said that Charlotte de France was ravishingly beautiful as her mother, but not as chaste!  Her husband Jacques, the king's young friend and a famous huntsman, caught his lovely wife in flagrante with his own Master of the Horse -- and ran them both through "one hundred times" they said at his trial!
Louis was rather fond of Charlotte and for the crime of killing the king's sister, Jacques de Brézé was caged -- but not for too long since the king's hunting dwindled to poor sport without his young friend by his side.
Charlotte de France, mother-in-law of Diane de Poitiers, daughter of the "legendary beauty Agnès Sorel" and I had never heard of her?  How could I resist following her trail? And that is how I found Yolande, "The Queen of Four Kingdoms". Yolande, Princess of Aragon, Duchess of Anjou, Queen of Sicily, Naples, Jerusalem and Cyprus, mentor of Agnès Sorel among others; and the first heroine of the long story which has become The Anjou Trilogy.  I do not see myself as an historian.  I am a story teller and this trilogy is fundamentally true.
Yolande's is a saga of loyalty and betrayal, a time of chivalry and yet its demise.  It is the long chronicle of England's conquest of France.  Throughout, Yolande, married from her native Spanish Aragon into her mother's homeland, France, holds sway over everyone she meets, in particular her glamorous young husband Louis II, royal Duke of Anjou, and with whom she falls deeply in love and he with her -- unusual in arranged marriages. Through him she gains most of her titles and his burning devotion to king and country. In Paris, the tall, blonde and already beautiful nineteen-year-old Duchess of Anjou meets and enchants her husband's cousin, the half-mad King of France Charles VI, his family and his court. Fortunately sane at their meeting, the king recognises in her a kindred spirit and slips on her finger his sapphire signet ring, there by granting her perpetual access to the seat of power.
The Anjou's capital is the mighty fortress and town of Angers, which becomes their base, their home in the north and the birthplace of most of their children.  Winters are spent in the south, in the warmth of Provence, travelling mostly by river through fields of lavender and reveling in the bounty of their land's rich soil.  Yolande learns to administer her husband's huge territories and does it well -- so much so that he feels able to leave her to re-conquer his inheritance of Naples and Sicily.  This chimera kingdom; this cursed crown that will surely be their ruin.  But such thoughts she learns to keep to herself.  Yolande is a woman of her time and knows her place.  But she watches -- and has others of her own kind watching and reporting to her.
Sleuthing led me to some astonishing and, in part, unknown characters and facts, and what began as one book grew into three.  After six years spent researching, I was ready to begin writing what has become The Anjou Trilogy, not as a history, but as a true story.
'The Queen of Four Kingdoms' was published by Constable last October in UK and became a best seller.  This October it has appeared in France, published by Éditions Télémaque, and by Beaufort Books in USA.
'Agnes Sorel Mistress of Beauty' will be published in the UK on November 6th
Follow Princess Michael of Kent on Twitter: www.twitter.com/PMK_Books
More:

DLF asked to file affidavit on fund needs for interim reliefUpdated: October 30, 2014 20:57 IST
DLF asked to file affidavit on fund needs for interim relief
PTI
Tweet
The Securities Appellate Tribunal (SAT) on Thursday asked realty giant DLF to submit an affidavit to the tribunal and market regulator SEBI detailing its immediate fund requirements and their end-use to secure an interim relief to access money stuck in mutual funds.
Hearing a DLF petition challenging the three-year ban that SEBI had slapped on it on October 14, a full-bench of SAT asked the company to submit the affidavit by November 3. It will give an interim order on November 5.
The SAT also asked DLF to specifically mention the time — frame, the requirement, the end-use of the fund and till what time it needs the interim relief, to which the company said, till December 31.
SEBI has barred DLF and six others, including the company’s top executives, from accessing capital market for three years for “active and deliberate suppression” of material information at the time of its IPO over seven years ago.
The SAT also asked SEBI to file its reply to the DLF petition by November 30 and directed the petitioner to submit its rejoinder by December 8 and posted the matter for final hearing on December 10.
DLF counsel Janak Dwarkadas rpt Janak Dwarkadas pleaded with the tribunal that since the SEBI order has not asked the company to shut shop or superseded its board, it was in the interest of all that the company is allowed to access the badly needed funds to pay its vendors and employees and meet other day-to-day needs of running an organisation.
SEBI did not oppose an interim relief but objected to the DLF plea for an immediate open—ended interim relief, saying it could allow some relief provided DLF submits an affidavit entailing the need for funds by redeeming the mutual funds and and ensure some security to the SEBI that its order stands till the final disposal of the case.
The SAT asked SEBI as to what it was doing all these seven years and why it did not object to the revised IPO documents.
SEBI counsel Rafique rpt Rafique Dada said the regulator was waiting for the Delhi High Court to pronounce its order on the petition filed by one K M Sinha, who is not an investor in DLF who invested Rs 34 crore in one of the 353 DFL subsidiaries, which led to the regulatory action.
He said that it was the duty of the IPO filing company to not hide anything as it had happened in the present case and that it was not his client’s job to find out each and every details in an IPO document at the filing stage or clearing stage.
The DLF counsel did not disclose how much money is stuck in mutual funds.

Russell Athletic celebrates Colt McCoys return to stardomBy Dan Steinberg October 30 Follow @dcsportsbog
(Russell Athletic)
Colt McCoy has been a Russell Athletic endorser since the summer of 2010 , before his rookie season in Cleveland. Unfortunately, Colt McCoy hasn’t had a ton of moments in the spotlight since 2010.
He started 21 games in his first two seasons, all for the Browns. Then he didn’t start at all in 2012 or 2013, changed teams twice, and entered the 2014 season as a third-stringer in Washington.
You know what happened next. Robert Griffin III got injured, Kirk Cousins got benched, McCoy got elevated to starter before a primetime game in Dallas. And then — on one of the most-watched “Monday Night Football” games in years — McCoy again became a star.
Aside from Redskins fans and Colt McCoy family members, I’m not sure anyone was happier than the folks at Russell Athletic, who celebrated McCoy across their social media platforms.
And the celebration has continued this week. All merchandise on the company’s Web site will be 16 percent off until next Monday, in honor of McCoy’s uniform number. The company printed special McCoy T-shirts and is giving 16 of them away three times this week. McCoy’s face is currently the first thing you see at RussellAthletic.com , and he continues to be the focus of the company’s social-media presence. Ten of the company’s last 12 Instagram posts were about McCoy, as of this writing, while Russell’s past six Facebook posts concerned the quarterback.
“We are incredibly proud of all of our Russell Athletic athlete ambassadors,” Laura McCaslin, the company’s sports marketing manager, wrote in an e-mail. “We could not have been more excited for Colt to start on Monday night in his home state and lead the Redskins to victory. With Pierre Garcon working alongside Colt, and Mark Ingram continuing his great season, we were thrilled to be able to do something special for our fans.”
(Ingram and Garcon are the company’s two other NFL representatives.)
Thanks fans- first 16 people to RT this win a special edition @ColtMcCoy t-shirt from Russell Athletic! #TogetherWeR pic.twitter.com/LJAZSSQBKv
— Russell Athletic (@RussellAthletic) October 29, 2014
Way to go @ColtMcCoy ! So proud of this gutsy performance in a huge W over the Cowboys! #HTTR #TogetherWeR pic.twitter.com/Dgh4ZJ8uql
— Russell Athletic (@RussellAthletic) October 28, 2014
So proud of @ColtMcCoy & @PierreGarcon on the big W tonight! Here's a crucial rushing TD from McCoy: pic.twitter.com/wigGf6TDxJ
— Russell Athletic (@RussellAthletic) October 28, 2014
That's the ballgame! Gameball HAS to go to @ColtMcCoy ! Congrats to him and @PierreGarcon !!! #TogetherWeR #HTTR

Chart: Asia is the most optimistic part of the worldBy Ishaan Tharoor October 30 Follow @ishaantharoor
The chart above, part of a slew of new data released by the Pew Global Attitudes Project, reflects one of the results of a survey regarding the population moods in a range of countries around the world. Populations in developing countries in Asia and Africa are far more optimistic about their future than their Middle East equivalents.
The survey was conducted in 43 countries among 47,643 respondents from March 17 to June 5, 2014. All respondents were surveyed on where they thought they were perched on "the ladder of life." Respondents had been asked a similar question by Pew in 2007.
Respondents in "emerging" and "developing" countries -- the latter a term for countries poorer than those in the former category -- were also asked other questions, including one regarding where they think they will be five years from now. An overwhelming majority of Asians, as you can see above, looked on their future prospects with optimism.
As the third chart shows, in the intervening seven years since Pew last conducted this survey,  life satisfaction in the developing world is catching up to that which we see in what Pew terms "advanced" economies. We are, after all, on the other side of a global recession that hit the West hard, in particular, and led to deepening pessimism in countries where austerity measures trimmed services and soaring youth unemployment narrowed horizons.
What's also worth noting about Asia's general optimism is that it's not restricted to countries known for their dynamic or robust economies. In two of the charts above -- which show the data for respondents polled on whether their lives have improved in the past five years and how they see their lives five years from now -- Bangladesh tops the Asia list. The South Asian nation is still mostly discussed in the West in the context of tragic labor conditions  and the
" target="_blank">toll of climate change.
In fact, as this final chart shows, Pew stresses that there's no direct correlation between the wealth of a society and the personal well-being of its population.
You can see the full report here .
Ishaan Tharoor writes about foreign affairs for The Washington Post. He previously was a senior editor at TIME, based first in Hong Kong and later in New York.

Reston  not Tysons  begins to dominate Northern Virginia real estateBy Jonathan O'Connell October 30 Follow @OConnellPostBiz
A busy intersection in Reston Town Center. (Melina Mara/The Washington Post)
It will be years before we’ll know whether the vision for an urbanized Tysons Corner will become a successful model for re-inventing suburban areas. The long-range  plan for overhauling Tysons is just four years old and Metro’s Silver Line trains have only been arriving  there for three months.
But Northern Virginia, its economy hampered by a badly flagging office market, already has a recipe for successful suburban overhaul in Reston.
Reston Town Center won’t really be served by Metro until the second leg of the Silver Line opens in 2018 or later. The closest existing station, Wiehle-Reston East, is more than a mile away and even the future stations aren’t immediately adjacent to Reston Town Center. Reston is also a 20-mile drive from D.C.
But while multiple projects in Tysons, most notably Macerich’s Tysons Tower , are attempting to combine enough new uses to create dense, walkable areas, none are likely to catch Reston Town Center any time soon.
Working off a plan devised by Robert Simon 50 years ago, a four-block area of Reston Town Center combines 2.8 million square feet of office, 50 shops, 30 restaurants and three residential high-rises.
Tysons, to this point, still doesn’t really have any areas with a walkable grid of blocks, much less a neighborhood or node that dense.
“Reston was just set up to have density. Employees who work there can go out and get their lunch, they can go get drinks afterward, they can go shopping,” said Sarah Dreyer, director of Mid-Atlantic research for Cushman & Wakefield. “It seems that people are willing to pay a premium to be there.”
How much value is there in providing a walkable network of streets lined with restaurants and shops?
Reston is dominating the Northern Virginia office market, with companies sometimes willing to pay 30 percent or more in rent to be in Reston Town Center instead of other neighborhoods, according to research from the real estate services firm Cushman & Wakefield.
Looking at the advertised rental rates for office space, this has been happening for 10 years:
Building owners in Reston Town Center ask for much higher rents. (Courtesy Cushman & Wakefield)
On a cost basis, Tysons isn’t even the biggest threat to Reston, Arlington is.  But the premiums that Arlington landlords have been asking for along the Orange Line from the Rosslyn to Ballston stations have been complicated by the pending departure of government agencies for cheaper digs and the unwillingness of tenants to pay the rents being asked for at 1812 North Moore, the Rosslyn tower that is the largest in the region.
But vacancy in Northern Virginia and the Rosslyn-Ballston corridor in particular have risen dramatically recently. Meanwhile, the vacancy rate in Reston has plunged downward in the last few years as companies scramble into available space:
Office vacancy in Northern Virginia. (Courtesy Cushman & Wakefield)
Dreyer points out that some of the newer offices in Tysons are shaping up as strong competitors to buildings in Reston, particularly those that can offer closer access to the Silver Line than Reston Town Center will be able to. But the plan for Tysons is four years old. The plan for Reston is 50 years old. That’s a 46-year head start.
Follow Jonathan O’Connell on Twitter: @oconnellpostbiz
Jonathan O'Connell has covered land use and development in the Washington area for more than five years.

Satas death puts IMF Zambia mission and much else on holdSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

North Koreas reaction to Ebola makes fears of a zombie apocalypse look rationalBy Anna Fifield October 31 Follow @annafifield
Turns out North Korea wasn’t kidding about protecting itself from Ebola. Kim Jong Un’s regime is not taking any chances when it comes to keeping out the virus – despite the fact that it’s happening half a world away and that North Korea is the most closed state in the world.
After last week closing its borders to the few groups of tourists who enter the country, Pyongyang has imposed a 21-day mandatory quarantine period for arrivals from abroad and it also appears to have banned the few citizens who are allowed out of the country from going anywhere.
Plus, they’ve sharply restricted movements inside the country – which already strictly polices who can move around the place even internally.
Even by the standards of the most authoritarian regime out there, North Korea’s Ebola response appears excessive.
Looking at some of the pictures coming out of North Korea, you could be excused thinking that it is Ground Zero for the virus. Korean Central Television this week showed footage of men in hazmat suits spraying the sleeping berths of the Moscow-Pyongyang train.
Great moments on North Korean tourism. 29 October work on the (very empty) Pyongyang-Moscow express. pic.twitter.com/p82LgGUeNh
— Adam Cathcart (@adamcathcart) October 31, 2014
And a delegation of Japanese diplomats arriving in Pyongyang this week for official talks about a decades-old abduction dispute were greeted at the capital’s Sunan airport by men similar gear.
Medical personnel in protective suits stand by an ambulance at Sunan International Airport. (AP/Wong Maye-E)
First things first: the tourist ban. Last week North Korea abruptly told the handful of travel companies bringing western tourists into the country that all tours would be indefinitely suspended. Most have had all their November tours canceled and are waiting to hear about December. The ban also extends to Chinese tourists, who make up the bulk of visitors to Pyongyang, by far.
Then on Thursday, North Korea announced all foreigners – including diplomats, and regardless of where they’re coming – arriving in the country will be quarantined for 21 days. That’s more than three times the length of the average tour.
“All foreign nationals who are entering from Ebola affected areas are to be quarantined at the Chongchongang Hotel in the city of Anju, North Pyongan Province for a period of 21 days under medical observation,” Uri Tours, one of the agencies operating in North Korea, posted on its Web site.
“Foreign nationals who enter from all other areas will also be quarantined for a period of 21 days but at the hotels in which they originally intended to stay,” Uri Tours said.
Diplomats and foreign aid workers will be quarantined in their missions or residences.
The state-run Pyongyang Radio station said that North Korea was “doubling” its efforts to detect infected patients, according to South Korea’s Yonhap News Agency.
Tourism is considered a major source of foreign currency for North Korea, so the ban underscores the gravity with which they’re viewing the Ebola scare.
But it’s not just foreigners who are considered potential carriers of the deadly virus.
The Daily NK , a news site that carries reports from within North Korea, said that the authorities have placed travel restrictions on those entering Pyongyang.
“In order to prevent transmission of the Ebola virus, a central command office for hygiene and quarantine has been set up,” a source in North Hamgyung Province told the Daily NK. “They have also been placing limits on travel permits for people in regional areas since mid-October to try to curb entry into Pyongyang.”
People wanting to go to Pyongyang on personal business, such as for family events, are being denied entry to the capital, while state officials now have to go through a cumbersome process involving getting an epidemiological certificate from the provincial quarantine office, the site reported.
And then there’s the crackdown on going out into the toxic world.
Only a very select group of North Koreans is allowed to travel outside the country at the best of times – generally only senior apparatchiks, diplomats or businessmen who can make money for the regime – but now even fewer North Koreans being allowed out.
Chosun Exchange, a group that runs training programs for North Korean officials, reports that North Koreans are apparently not allowed abroad. A group that had been set to travel to seminars in Singapore last week was abruptly grounded.
“Is this a misreading of the Ebola threat? Is it a genuine fear that they could not deal with a single case of Ebola? Is it a message for the domestic audience?,” Geoffrey See, founder of Chosun Exchange, wrote in a post on the organization’s  Web site, saying they were still trying to figure out what was going on.
The whole situation recalls a line uttered by Hyungchol Choi, the fictional director of the South Korean intelligence service in Max Brooks’s 2006 dystopian novel World War Z, See wrote.
"No country was better prepared to repel the infestation than North Korea," Choi said in the book, although he was commenting on a zombie apocalypse outbreak, not Ebola.
“While a complete shutdown of the borders to all travel, even to places with no record of Ebola or Zombieism, is completely within North Korea’s rights, the manner in which these measures were rolled out leaves much to be desired,” See wrote, noting the poor way the clampdown was communicated.
Yes, so bizarre is North Korea’s reaction to Ebola that even zombie apocalypse analogies make sense here.
Medical workers in Beijing are conducting simulations as part of efforts to make sure the Ebola virus does not spread in the world’s most populous country. China has not reported any confirmed Ebola cases. (Reuters)
Anna Fifield is The Post’s bureau chief in Tokyo, focusing on Japan and the Koreas. She previously reported for the Financial Times from Washington DC, Seoul, Sydney, London and from across the Middle East.

IDFC Hits 3-Month High; Operating Profit Beats Some EstimatesShares in IDFC rose as much as 4 per cent to a day high of Rs 154.30 on Friday, its highest level since last July as its Q2 earnings beat estimates.
Strong non-interest income boosted operating profits to Rs 900 crores, say traders.
IDFC Sept-quarter profit fell 14 per cent to Rs 421 crore.
IDFC board has also approved demerger of financing undertaking, which the street took positively.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Why Titan Shares Slumped 7% TodayYou are here: Home Market
Titan Shares Slump 7% After Earnings
Reuters | Updated On: October 31, 2014 10:54 (IST)
IVRCL Allots First Tranche of Shares to CDR Lenders
Shares in watches and jewellery maker Titan Company slumped as much as 7.4 per cent on Friday, heading towards its biggest single-day fall since September 2013 as its July-September earnings lagged some estimates.
Its profit rose 28.6 per cent to Rs 240 crore and sales rose by 55.7 percent to Rs 3,565 crore.( Read full copy )
Strong sales growth driven by one-off jewellery sales led by the foreclosure of advance purchase schemes, says analysts.
As of 10.11 a.m. Titan shares traded 5 per cent lower at Rs 398.75 apiece underperforming the Nifty which was up 0.8 per cent.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Silver Futures Hit 4-Year Low on Global CuesGold Weakens on Global Cues, Silver Falls on Reduced Offtake
Mumbai: Silver prices in India, the world's biggest consumer, hit a four-year low on Friday morning following losses in the world market.
At 11:41 a.m., the actively traded December contract on Multi Commodity Exchange was down 1.83 per cent at Rs 35,903 per kilogram, after falling to Rs 35,866 earlier in the day, the lowest level since October 29, 2010.
In the overseas market, silver tumbled to its lowest since early 2010, as strong US economic data and fears of an early rate hike curbed the metal's appeal.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Bharti Airtel Falls Despite Profit BeatYou are here: Home Market
Bharti Airtel Falls Despite Profit Beat in Q2
NDTV | Updated On: October 31, 2014 10:28 (IST)
IVRCL Allots First Tranche of Shares to CDR Lenders
Shares in Bharti Airtel fell over one per cent to a day low of Rs 400.50 on Friday despite a beat in Q2 net profit. Bharti reported a 24 per cent sequential jump in its net profit to Rs 1,383 crore in the July -September quarter, while its revenue declined half a per cent sequentially to Rs 22,845 crore. ( Read full copy )
Analysts polled by NDTV had estimated its net profit at Rs 1,287 crore on sale of Rs 23,227 crore. Bharti, although beat street estimates on net profit but its revenue missed street estimates by nearly 2 per cent mainly due to disappointing performance in its Africa business which continued to lag behind.
Bharti's Africa revenue fell 2 per cent sequentially to $1,140 million dollar in the reporting quarter. Analysts had estimated its Africa revenue to grow at 4 per cent.
Analysts say Bharti's net profit was driven by higher data revenue, which is unlikely to continue in future. Market Analyst, Ambareesh Baliga says Bharti is unlikely to maintain this growth in data usage post 4G service launch by Reliance Jio, which will pressure its margin in data business.
As of 9.50 a.m. shares in Bharti Airtel traded 0.9 per cent lower at Rs 403.85 apiece underperforming the Nifty which was up 0.8 per cent.
Story first published on: October 31, 2014 09:54 (IST)

Diesel Prices Likely to be Cut FurtherYou are here: Home Economy
Diesel Prices Likely to be Cut Further
NDTV | Updated On: October 31, 2014 20:11 (IST)
India's Forex Reserves Up $1.432 Billion to $316.311 Billion
Diesel prices are likely to be cut further, sources have told NDTV. Oil companies are due to announce the regular price revision in fuel prices on Friday.
Diesel prices were deregulated earlier this month. On October 18 - the day the announcement was made - diesel prices were cut by Rs 3.37 per litre. It was the first cut in diesel prices in over five years.
Petrol and diesel prices are both market-determined now or linked to global crude prices. Petrol prices were deregulated in June 2010 by the government.
The government no longer has a role in determining fuel prices, and oil companies have the freedom to revise prices according to international rates
Petrol prices were last revised on October 14, when they were cut by Rs 1 per litre.
Story first published on: October 31, 2014 20:07 (IST)

GAIL Up 8% After Earnings Beat EstimatesYou are here: Home Corporates
GAIL Up 8% After Earnings Beat Estimates
NDTV | Updated On: October 31, 2014 15:09 (IST)
Steve Jobs Gives Posthumous Testimony in Apple Trial
Shares in GAIL India surged nearly 8 per cent to a day high of Rs 551.35 on Friday after its earnings for the July-September quarter beat Street estimates on account of no subsidy provision in Q2.
GAIL reported 42 per cent year-on-year (y-o-y) jump in its net profit to Rs 1,303 crore, while its revenues grew nearly half a per cent to Rs 14,063 crore.
Analysts polled by NDTV had estimated its net profit at Rs 994 crore on sales of Rs 14,660 crore. Analysts had also estimated a subsidy provision of Rs 500 crore in Q2.
As of 2.55 p.m. shares in GAIL India traded 4.3 per cent higher at Rs 531.55 apiece outperforming the Nifty, which was up 1.5 per cent.
Story first published on: October 31, 2014 15:09 (IST)

BREAKING: Hogwarts Professor Umbridge is half-MuggleBy Ron Charles October 31 Follow @roncharles
 
Imelda Staunton as Hogwarts professor Dolores Umbridge. (TM & © Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. Harry Potter Publishing Rights © JKR. Harry Potter characters, names and related indicia are trademarks of and © Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. All rights reserved.)
As promised , this Halloween morning J.K. Rowling has posted new free entries on Pottermore , her Web site that offers related features and retail products to  Harry Potter fans .
One item of particular interest to all young wizards is an essay about Hogwarts Professor Dolores Umbridge, whom we met in “Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix.” Rowling reveals for the first time that this maniacal character is based on an actual person.
Rowling doesn’t disclose a name, but she notes that “the woman in question returned my antipathy with interest. Why we took against each other so instantly, heartily and (on my side, at least) irrationally, I honestly cannot say.”
(Imagine trying to sleep knowing that the richest writer in the world hates you — and has 400 million fans ready to do her bidding…. Whoever you are, when you’re ready to come forward, please know that The Post is eager for an exclusive interview.)
Among other revelations, we learn today that Umbridge is not only wicked, she’s a hypocrite. Despite her claims, she’s actually half-Muggle!
Rowling also offers new thoughts on the dreaded Azkaban prison, the Ministers of Magic and  Thestrals (a kind of magical horse with bat wings).
A publicist said Rowling posts new content on Pottermore about every two months.
(Copyright Pottermore. Used with permission.)
Ron Charles is the editor of The Washington Post's Book World. For a dozen years, he enjoyed teaching American literature and critical theory in the Midwest, but finally switched to journalism when he realized that if he graded one more paper, he'd go crazy.

Global shares jump  yen slumps as BOJ cranks up stimulus2
Traders shifted bets on the Federal Reserve's first round of interest-rate increases to July 2015 from September 2015 before the report.
The jobs report caused the yield on U.S. 2-year Treasuries  to rise to its highest since May 2011, according to Reuters data. The yield curve flattened, with the differential between the five-year note and the 30-year bond falling to its lowest level since January 2009.
The benchmark 10-year Treasury note  was off 14/32 and yielding 2.3047 percent.
The dollar rose against a basket of currencies <.DXY> to its highest level since March 2009. The dollar also hit multi-year peaks against the euro  and against the yen . The U.S. dollar index hit a peak of 89.467, up 0.86 percent on the day.
On Wall Street, the Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 58.69 points, or 0.33 percent, to 17,958.79, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 3.45 points, or 0.17 percent, to 2,075.37 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.32 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,780.76.
"Payrolls confirm the strength of the economy, but that strength is reflected in stock prices," said Ronald Sanchez, chief investment officer of Fiduciary Trust Company International in New York
Stock traders balanced the encouraging fundamental strength in the U.S. economy with the prospect of a rate rise.
Financial shares led gains. The S&P financial index <.SPSY> was up 1 percent, with higher interest rates expected to boost earnings in the sector. Utilities, a dividend play, lost ground as Treasuries yields rose. The S&P utility index <.SPLRCU> was down 0.8 percent.
MSCI's global share index <.MIWD00000PUS> was up 0.1 percent, while an index of European shares <.FTEU3> ended up 1.8 percent as a weaker euro boosted exporters.
Gold  dropped more than 1 percent, suffering from the dollar's strength, while Brent  and U.S. crude  continued their slide.
Spot gold  was down 1.2 percent at $1,190.90 an ounce. Brent crude fell 57 cents to settle at $69.07 a barrel, while U.S. crude oil futures dropped 97 cents to settle at $65.84.
(Additional reporting by Michael Connor, Ryan Vlastelica and Dan Bases in New York; Editing by Dan Grebler and Leslie Adler)

Markets @ fresh high! India in a sweet spot  say experts; top stocks  sectors to bet onYou are here: Home > Collections > India
Bulls push Sensex to record highs; top stocks and sectors to bet on
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 31, 2014, 03.52PM IST
(Analysts at top brokerage…)
NEW DELHI: Bulls have clearly made their mark on Dalal Street as Sensex explored unchartered territory for a second day in a row on Friday.
Analysts at top brokerage firms firmly believe that India is in a sweet spot as compared to other emerging markets largely on account of stable macros.
"India is interesting and if you look at it from a global emerging market point of view, it is people's single biggest overweight," says Markus Rosgen, Asia-Pacific Equity Strategist, Citi.
"And it is quite a big overweight even relative to the next biggest overweight. So, foreign investors are very well positioned on India. They were pretty much so all along the whole Modi rally," he adds.
Markets have been on an upward trajectory since the last few days on the back of renewed confidence shown by the government to initiate reforms, falling crude oil prices, lower inflation, supportive global cues and robust earnings, say experts.
"Our view on equities has been really constructive. Corrections can happen, but when we look at India, we are very nicely positioned," says Pankaj Murarka, Head Equity, Axis MF.
"We are very sweetly positioned because on the one hand, we are coming out of low growth of our economic cycle and are getting towards a higher growth trajectory, and at the same time, given the global turmoil and the strength in the dollar, we are seeing weakness in global commodity prices," he adds.
So this whole global meltdown or correction in commodity prices and nervousness are actually beneficial to India and put India in a very sweet spot, explains Murarka.
India has managed to hold onto its macro factors which is very good thing, when compared with the rest of the emerging market economies and that will aide capital flow
Most experts are of the view that cyclicals, financials and pharma will be the sectors to watch out for in the next 12 months. Cyclicals more so because of the reform push by the government.
In an ET Now poll, 50 per cent analysts expect cyclicals to outperform the market. 34 per cent expect interest rate sensitives to lead, 8 per cent see defensives to gain and 8 per cent are bullish on midcaps.
Raamdeo Agrawal, Managing Director & Co Founder, MOFSL is of the view that auto and auto ancillary stocks are in a sweet spot.
"You are in an amazing situation, whether it is Bajaj Auto, Hero MotoCorp, Telco, Mahindra or Eicher Motors. The best of the auto boom is ahead, you just see the sales which have happened on Dhanteras Day. Sale of two lakh units against one lakh last year is staggering," he told ET Now.
We have collated list of sectors recommended by various analysts which are likely to do well in the next 12 months:
Pankaj Murarka, Head Equity, Axis MF
Financials look pretty exciting to us, because we think that as the growth recovers, they will be the beneficiary of that and a lot of financials have been impacted because of the slowdown in the economy and asset quality.
We remain equally constructive on autos because there is a significant amount of latent demand that exists there and probably over the next five to six years, India will emerge as the fifth largest auto market globally.
We think the investment cycle in India will recover as the government has started taking action and we have started addressing various issues which plagued the investment cycles. So as that happens, probably a lot of capital goods in engineering companies would be equally exciting.
ICICI Securities:
Overweight: Energy, Infrastructure, Auto, Cement, Banks, Financials and Consumer discretionary
Equal weight: IT, Pharma, FMCG, Telecom and Utility Underweight: Metals and Real estate.
Top picks (large cap): Axis Bank, Coal India, GSK Consumer, Infosys, L&T, Maruti Suzuki, Power Grid, PNB, RIL, Sun Pharma and UltraTech Cement.
Top Picks (mid cap): Ashoka Buildcon, Cummins India, Dish TV, LIC Housing Finance and VST Industries.
Nipun Mehta, Blue Ocean Capital Advisors
Well if you look at it over the last several months, there have been just four or five sectors which have been significant contributors as far as markets are concerned. They continued to be IT, pharma, autos, private banks and to some extent oil and gas.
Our sense is that these are the five sectors which will again going forward continue to contribute as far as markets are concerned.
Gaurang Shah, VP, Geojit BNP Paribas Financial Services
We continue to remain positive on the private sector banks primarily. In the public sector universe, if we do have a positive coverage, it is limited to three names - State Bank of India, Bank of Baroda and Bank of India. One could use any good opportunity to switch off from these names.
They have been plagued by dismal asset quality, provisioning, restructuring, NIMs across all verticals. There has been great disappointment, and it will be long before these banks report least satisfactory numbers.
Sashi Krishnan, Chief Investment Officer, Birla Sun Life Insurance

Zivotofsky is not about recognition (I)By Eugene Kontorovich October 31
Marty Lederman joins into my discussion with Jack Goldsmith about the Art. I basis for Congress’s action in the Jerusalem passport case, Zivotofsky v. Kerry, which will be argued before the Supreme Court on Monday. He largely sides with Goldsmith’s suggestion that the law goes beyond any enumerated powers.
Marty basically agrees with me that Congress has authority to regulate the contents of passports, such as what information is on it, as this pertains to foreign travel. However, the law in question does not do any of that, he says. Rather, it tries to force “the Executive branch to say…. something about” the “sensitive issue of sovereignty.” The fundamental assumption here is that that the passport is “a form of official government speech.” Thus, argues Lederman, “foreign audiences will reasonably understand the word “Israel” on the passports of thousands of U.S. citizens born in Jerusalem to be a statement on behalf of the United States that Jerusalem has (and/or ought to have) sovereignty over that city.”
His discussion makes many good points, but for reasons of space I will focus on what I think it gets wrong. I will address several broader interpretive issues here. In a subsequent post, I will focus on the argument that place-of-birth line of the passport is Executive “speech.”
1. Lederman agrees that the law is formally a regulation of passport content, which is presumptively valid. The problem he sees with it goes to its motive. Even assuming his characterization of the motive is right (more on that below), proper exercises of Art. I authority do not become unconstitutional because Congress was “thinking” the wrong thing, especially when there are not federalism concerns involved. (See Texas’s amicus brief, pg, 28-29).
2. Lederman speaks of the law as one relating to the “sovereignty” over the city. That is not the case. The law affects none of the consequences or a sovereignty recognition ( Senate brief , pg. 28-29). Characterizing a place as being in “Israel” is not a determination of sovereignty. At most, it is an indication referring to a place by the de facto power. This is consistent with U.S. policy that “the Government of Israel currently occupies and administers the… West Bank.” It is at least potentially useful to note the current administering power entity over a person’s birthplace, since this may well be a place a person is particularly likely to travel to  (that helps explain why birth places on passports are generally updated to reflect the current power in control, not the one at the time of birth, even though the bearer was not certainly not “born” in the new country).
3. There are many examples of such legislative designations indicating merely views on de facto control (see pg. 18-20 of our amicus ). For example, the U.S.-Israel Free Trade Agreement Implementation Area Act, discussed in our amicus brief, allows goods from Israeli settlements in the West Bank to be labeled “Israeli,” and entered as such by customs officials. No one has ever suggested that this is a recognition of Israeli sovereignty, or that such labels are government speech. Rather, it at most an acknowledgement of Israeli administration, or de facto control, which is relevant for trade purposes. The Gulf of Tonkin resolution’s reference to “North Vietnam,” to take another example, did not constitute a recognition.
4. One implication of Lederman’s view is foreign audiences’ understanding of a statute controls its constitutionality. That seems to be a fairly novel doctrine. Foreign audiences may misunderstand a great many things about the separation of powers, the purpose of particular statutes, and so forth. That should not make statutes unconstitutional.
Eugene Kontorovich is a professor at Northwestern University School of Law, and an expert on constitutional and international law. He also writes and lectures frequently about the Arab-Israel conflict.

UN warns of unprecedented number of foreignjihadistsA US security official estimated that there were close to 2,000 westerners among the 15,000 foreign fighters.
By: Agence-France Presse | London | Posted: October 31, 2014 6:19 pm
Foreign jihadists from more than 80 countries have flocked to fight in Iraq and Syria on an “unprecedented scale”, according to extracts of a UN report published by Britain’s Guardian newspaper on Friday.
Around 15,000 people have travelled to fight alongside Islamic State (IS) and other hardcore militant groups from “countries that have not previously faced challenges relating to al-Qaeda,” said the report.
The number of foreign jihadists travelling to fight since 2010 exceeds the cumulative total of the 20 preceding years “many times”, the Security Council study said.
“There are instances of foreign terrorist fighters from France, the Russian Federation and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland operating together,” it said, according to the Guardian.
Britain’s top police officer, Bernard Hogan-Howe, estimated last week that five people a week were leaving the country to fight with IS. Security officials estimate that there are currently around 500 British nationals fighting in Syria and Iraq.
Dozens have been arrested for preparing to leave to join the IS group or helping others to do so.
France is also moving closer to adopting an “anti-terrorism” law which would slap a travel ban on anyone suspected of planning to wage jihad.
The UN warned that more nations than ever face the problem of dealing with fighters returning from the battle zone.
The US Central Intelligence Agency last month announced figures showing that there were around 20,000 to 31,500 IS fighters active in Iraq and Syria, much higher than previous estimates.
A US security official estimated that there were close to 2,000 westerners among the 15,000 foreign fighters.
Previous figures showed there were 7,000 foreign jihadists fighting in March and 12,000 in July suggesting 1,000 a month were travelling to fight, despite the launch of US air strikes three months ago, although there is a lag of a few weeks in the figures.
The report was produced by a committee that monitors al-Qaeda, and concluded that the once mighty and feared group was now “manoeuvring for relevance” following the rise of the even more militant IS, which was booted out of al-Qaeda by leader Ayman al-Zawahiri.
Despite the split, the UN concluded that the legal basis for US President Barack Obama’s fight against IS was justified by its ideological congruence with al-Qaeda, and considered the two groups as part of a broader movement.
“Al-Qaeda core and Isil (IS) pursue similar strategic goals, albeit with tactical differences regarding sequencing and substantive differences about personal leadership,” the UN wrote.
Obama has vowed he will not order a large force into combat in Iraq or Syria, relying instead on air power and local forces.

Sensex Soars 1 100 Points in Four Sessions: What s Driving This Record RallyIVRCL Allots First Tranche of Shares to CDR Lenders
The Sensex jumped over 500 points to hit a record high of 27,894, while the Nifty gained 153 points to end above 8,300 for the first time. Indian stock markets have now gained over 7 per cent in the last 10 trading session and bulls seem firmly in control of the Dalal Street. The Sensex and Nifty were the best performers in Asia today after Japan's Nikkei, which jumped nearly 5 per cent. ( Read )
Here are five reasons why markets have jumped in the last 10 days:
1) The Nifty opened at record highs today, but the big push came from Bank of Japan (BoJ), which stunned markets with new easing steps. BoJ's aggressive efforts to revive its economy augur well for domestic investors as funds from Japan will move into emerging markets such as India, where yields are much higher.
2) BoJ's move comes a day after the US Federal Reserve ended its bond buying programme (called quantitative easing). The end of QE, six years after it started, is negative for India because it marks the end of the easy money policy that drove Indian assets higher. But the recovery in the US economy is good news for Indian exporters. The IT index has jumped 4 per cent in the last two sessions. IT stocks, which have a large weight on the Nifty, are the big drivers of the current rally. Infosys hit its 52-week high today. ( Read the full story here )
3) Foreign investors are back to buying domestic stocks after a brief scare early this month. Over the last 10 days (October 20 to October 30), foreign investors have bought Indian equities worth Rs 3,818 crore. Barring January 2014, FIIs have not been net sellers in the equity market this year. Domestic institutional investors have also been net buyers of Indian equities since May 2014.
4) Renewed expectations of a rate cut as early as in December have given fresh legs to the rally. The continuous slide in global crude prices and diesel decontrol (announced earlier this month) are likely to have a big impact on easing inflation in the coming months. This also means greater pressure on the Reserve Bank to cut rates. Earlier this week, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said "currently, interest rates are a disincentive. Now that inflation seems to be stabilising somewhat, the time seems to have come to moderate the interest rates."
5) The current market rally is co-terminus with the announcement of reform measures such as diesel control. Energy reforms have been followed by incremental reforms in other sectors. Last week, the government announced the opening up of the coal sector and on Thursday it eased norms for foreign direct investment in the construction sector. According to Moody's, the economic, fiscal and financial measures undertaken by the government and the RBI are expected to sustain higher growth and tackle constraints on the sovereign rating.
Story first published on: October 31, 2014 17:27 (IST)

World Shares Jump  Yen Slumps as BoJ Cranks Up StimulusYou are here: Home Market
World Shares Jump, Yen Slumps as BoJ Cranks Up Stimulus
Reuters | Updated On: October 31, 2014 16:38 (IST)
IVRCL Allots First Tranche of Shares to CDR Lenders
London: World shares jumped and the yen fell to a seven-year low against the dollar on Friday as the Bank of Japan (BoJ) surprised financial markets by significantly expanding its massive stimulus programme.
In a rare split decision, the BoJ board voted 5-4 to accelerate purchases of Japanese government bonds so that its holdings increase at an annual pace of 80 trillion yen ($725 billion), up by 30 trillion yen.
The central bank also said it would triple its purchases of exchange-traded funds (ETFs) and real-estate investment trusts (REITs), while sources said the government's huge pension fund would more than double its holdings of domestic stocks.
For investors, the timing of the moves sent a strong signal, coming right as six years of aggressive US stimulus come to an end and just before euro zone inflation data that is likely to keep the pressure on the ECB to further ease its policy.
Tokyo's Nikkei share index jumped almost 5 per cent in its biggest rise since June last year following the BoJ move, which it said was a preemptive strike at "a critical moment in the effort to break free from the deflationary mindset" in Japan.
European stocks opened up 1 per cent and US futures prices pointed to similar gains when trading resumes in New York. Stocks were lifted on Thursday by strong third quarter US gross domestic product data and another round of upbeat earnings.
"What is important today is not only the BoJ action but also the news that the Japanese government's pension fund will be increasing the allocation to Japanese equities," said Alvin Tan, an FX strategist at Societe Generale in London.
"This plus the fact the US stock market appears to be experiencing a v-shaped recovery from the recent sell-off is preparing the ground for a pretty strong 'risk-on' situation until the end of the year."
In frenetic currency market trading, the yen tumbled to its lowest level in nearly seven years against the dollar, putting it on track for its biggest losses in more than a year.
The dollar surged 2 per cent past its October 1 high of 110.09 yen, rising as far as 111.55 yen - the highest since January 2008.
Gareth Berry, a currency analyst with UBS, said the one-two combination from the BoJ and pension fund were likely to propel dollar/yen close to their three-month forecast of 115 yen.
BoJ Governor Haruhiko Kuroda told reporters after its meeting that there was still room for further easing if needed, but the central bank believed Friday's steps were sufficient.
Rouble rumbles
The moves in Japan created an intense appetite for higher-yielding but riskier assets as investors bet the flood of cheap central bank money would buoy asset prices.
At 0900 GMT (2:30 p.m. in India), the FTSEurofirst 300 index of top European shares was up 1.3 per cent at 1,344.18 points, extending a sharp two-week rally, while southern European government bonds also made ground.
Euro zone flash inflation data will provide the next indicator of whether the ECB might feel compelled to step up its support for the bloc's beleaguered economy.
The consensus is for an annual 0.4 per cent, up from a 0.3 per cent in September, but a soft early reading from France and a weaker-than-expected number from Germany on Thursday has the market braced for a potentially lower number.
Those expectations left the euro hovering 0.3 per cent lower at $1.2574 while the dollar index, which surged this week after the Federal Reserve ended its stimulus programme with some confident-sounding rhetoric, was up 0.6 per cent.
There was also intense focus on Russia ahead of a meeting of its central bank at which the market expects a rate hike to combat above-target inflation and a steep slide in the rouble.
The rouble retreated in early trade, paring some of the huge 5 per cent trough-to-top gain made in the previous session which was its largest on a full trading day since 1999.
"The 5 per cent rouble rally on Thursday potentially revealed some players may well be expecting a 150-200 basis points or more move to calm the FX market," Dmitry Polevoy, chief Russia economist at ING Bank in Moscow, said in a note.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014
Story first published on: October 31, 2014 16:13 (IST)

US Consumer Spending Down 0.2 Percent in September  First Slip in 8 Months While Income SlowsThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

CBOE 3Q earnings rise as trading volume improvesCBOE 3Q earnings rise as trading volume improves
CBOE traders
Bloomberg file photo
Traders work on the floor of the Chicago Board Options Exchange 2013 in Chicago.
Traders work on the floor of the Chicago Board Options Exchange 2013 in Chicago. (Bloomberg file photo)
Reuters
CBOE Holdings, operator of the largest U.S. stock-options market, on Friday reported stronger-than-expected quarterly earnings due to a rebound in trading volumes.
Chicago-based CBOE said net income in the third quarter rose to $48.1 million, or 57 cents per share, from $41 million, or 47 cents, a year earlier. Adjusted earnings were also 57 cents per share, beating analysts' estimates for 54 cents, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Operating revenue was $148.9 million, up from $136.7 million a year earlier.

U.S. Asked Not to Pressurise India to Reject Cancer Drug LicenseU.S. Asked Not to Pressurise India to Reject Cancer Drug License
Vizag logistics park unaffected by cyclone HudhudVizag logistics park unaffected by cyclone Hudhud
Our Bureau
Tweet
Visakhapatnam, Oct. 31:  
The ongoing Multi Modal Logistics Park (MMLP), the first phase of which was inaugurated in May this year, has suffered an estimated loss about Rs 10 lakh due to Hudhud, but by and large the work on the project has remained largely unaffected and it is progressing smoothly, according to Container Corporation of India (Concor) General Manager Gouri Sankar.
He said here on Friday that the MMLP, the first of its kind in Andhra Pradesh being established by the Concor, is being built on a 100-acre site opposite the Visakhapatnam airport over a period of two years at an estimated cost of Rs 370 crore.
In the first phase, a 5,075 sq. m. warehouse and an administrative building have been constructed. “The gales have damaged about 1,000 sq. m. of the 5,075 sq.m. warehouse and this is minimal considering the 180-200 km/ph strong winds during the cyclone. As many as 40 of the 88 polycarborate sheets (which allow natural light into the main shed, and about 1,000 sq.m. of bare galvalume sheets have been damaged and need replacement,” he said.
The Concor container freight station (CFS) at the port area has suffered a loss of Rs 37 lakh due to Hudhud. “The roof of the warehouse of our CFS is badly damaged, two HHT towers had collapsed and the boundary wall was damaged,’ he said.
The MMLP, designed to offer integrated logistical solutions to the trade not only in AP but also in the neighbouring states of Odisha and Chattisgarh, would have a private freight terminal, container freight stations and facilities for empty container storage and handling besides container repair facilities. There would be covered and temperature-controlled warehouses with a total space of 4.5 lakh sq. ft.
“A 2-km long railway track would be laid with seven lines to the yards. Approval has been received from the railways for construction of bridges and this project is expected to be completed in two years,” Gouri Shankar added.
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

Renault unveils Duster Oroch pick-upconceptDuster had already become a success story in international markets since its launch in 2010.
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 31, 2014 6:28 pm
The Renault Duster is one popular SUV. While Renault started selling it in the Indian market 2012 onwards, the Duster had already become a success story in international markets since its launch in 2010. So much so that the Duster is currently the third best selling SUV in the world as per a report. Over the years, the Duster has garnered praise from almost all of the markets it is sold in, and the trend only continues to grow from here on.
Riding high on the Duster’s popularity then, Renault has now unveiled a pick-up truck concept model based around the compact SUV. Dubbed the Duster Oroch, the concept car graced Renault’s stall at the ongoing 2014 Sao Paulo auto show in Brazil. If this concept model goes into production in future, which is a likely possibility, it will be aimed at serving the pickup truck segment in South American markets. The pickup truck segment in this part of the world accounts to about 75 per cent of the total sales in the region. In numbers, roughly 9,20,000 pickup are sold in South America yearly, indicating a huge potential for products like the Oroch.
The Duster has always looked understated and functional in design. Although the Oroch underpins the same genes yet it manages to look far more contemporary in design than the standard car. Designed specifically for Latin America by Renault’s design center, the pickup truck features a double cab profile with a seating capacity of five. It sports some cool styling elements on the exterior such as satin white paint scheme with snazzy orange accents around exterior flush door handles, front fog lamps casings, bonnet and roof rails. In addition, it features LED DRLs within the headlamps, a matte black front grille along with a ‘Duster’ engraving on front bumper.
Among other visual add-ons, 18-inch alloy wheels shod with 255/60 tyres, panaromic sunroof and black cladding over wheel arches and rear bumper complete the exterior styling package for the Oroch. On the inside, the Duster Oroch adorns a combination of orange and charcoal grey for interior trim, a redesigned instrument console with silver accents, a new steering wheel and a ‘Cover Carving’ technology, which as per Renault, is another layer of foam in the seats. The Oroch also has two rear mounted cameras on either side, which display the surrounding’s view on the multimedia screen on the center console.
Like said before, Renault is mulling to launch two vehicles in the pickup segment for the South American markets; one of which is likely to be based on the Duster Oroch concept. We do not expect to see these pickup trucks in India anytime soon continued…

Devendra Fadnavis sworn in | Man with solid backing from Modi-Shah combineDevendra Fadnavis sworn in as first BJP CM of Maharashtra
PTI Oct 31, 2014, 04.38PM IST
Tags:
Amit Shah
(Reaching out to a sulking…)
NEW DELHI: Becoming the first BJP Chief Minister of Maharashtra, Devendra Fadnavis was on Friday sworn-in as the CM of the state at Wankhede stadium. A 10-member BJP ministry led by Devendra Fadnavis was sworn-in.
Shiv Sena Chief Uddhav Thackeray agreed to attend the swearing-in ceremony after a last-minute call from BJP President Amit Shah inviting him to the event.
Reaching out to a sulking Shiv Sena, Shah's call to Uddhav came a day after the Sena announced its boycott of the grand swearing-in ceremony of Fadnavis on grounds of its "constant humiliation" by BJP over government formation in Maharashtra.
Fadnavis is also understood to have called up Thackeray requesting his presence at the event this evening.
BJP had sent out invites to Shiv Sena chief Thackeray, NCP chief Sharad Pawar and former Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan for the event.
Amidst uncertainty over Shiv Sena's role in the formation of the new government in Maharashtra, the party yesterday said its leaders would not attend Fadnavis' swearing-in.
Shiv Sena also provided covering fire to BJP from criticism for organising a lavish event, saying the ceremony will "wash off sins" of the previous government.
"You (Congress and NCP) have looted Maharashtra in your 15-year-rule and siphoned off thousands of crores of public money. If you are now speaking about a huge amount of money being spent on the oath-taking ceremony, it is nothing but hilarious," the Sena said in an editorial in its mouthpiece 'Saamana'.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Pakistan wont dare to disturb peace anytime soon: RajnathThe Hindu Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh. Photo: Nagara Gopal
TOPICS
India-Pakistan
Asserting that Pakistan has been given a “befitting” reply for violating ceasefire, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh on Friday said Islamabad would not dare to disturb peace at the border anytime soon.
He said Pakistan has been given adequate response for recent transgressions along the LoC and International Border under the new leadership, which is strong and courageous.
“Ab shayad jaldi Pakistan himmat nahi karega (Now Pakistan would not dare to violate ceasefire in near future),” Mr. Singh said addressing a convention of BJP workers here. “We don’t want peace at the cost of our honour,” he said, apparently referring to weak response shown by the earlier Congress-led Government on the issue of ceasefire violations by the neighbouring country.
Pakistani forces had killed five persons in firing and shelling on the border, the Home Minister said. “I raised the issue with the concerned Director General and asked what was happening on the border. He said we have shown them white flags as per our policy 16 times. I told him, you will not show the flag the 17th time. Following this, our forces gave a befitting reply to them,” Mr. Singh maintained.
As a result Pakistan rushed to the United Nations with a demand that India should immediately hold talks with it on the ceasefire issue, he said. Mr. Singh said India’s long-standing diplomatic policy has been to have peaceful relations with all its neighbours. “But if someone provokes us again and again, then there is a limit to tolerate that.”
Ever since Prime Minister Narendra Modi took charge in May, India’s standing at the international level has improved, he said.
Referring to the Modi government’s “Make in India” push, Mr. Singh said in future the country would meet a large part of its defence requirement locally by setting up manufacturing units with the help of technology transfer.
Mr. Singh praised Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan for enthusiastically implementing Jandhan scheme under which 70 lakh people have opened bank accounts in the state since its nation-wide launch in August.
The way BJP-ruled Madhya Pradesh has progressed in all spheres, it has become a “model state” for the entire country, he added.

Nokia all set to suspend operations at Chenn...Nokia all set to suspend operations at Chennai plant on Saturday
PTI Oct 31, 2014, 06.53PM IST
Tags:
Chennai plant
(In a separate tax case, the…)
CHENNAI: Finnish telecom major Nokia will suspend its mobile handset production at Sriperumbudur plant from tomorrow, while a financial package of Rs 7.5-9 lakh has been finalised for the last 900 employees.
Though the company had offered voluntary retirement scheme for 5,600 employees at the facility post the Nokia-Microsoft USD 7.5-billion deal, the fate of about 900 employees had "remained uncertain" following the suspension of production at the plant.
Soon after the announcement of Nokia suspending production at the facility from November 1, political parties were up against the move seeking intervention of the state government to take over the plant considering the future of about 900 employees.
According to Nokia India Employees Union sources, some of the workers have been working since the plant began its operations in 2006.
Several round of talks between the management, employees and labour department were held over last two days and settlement was reached tonight.
In a statement issued today, Nokia said the tripartite meeting resulted on a "financial package" for the employees.
"We can confirm that constructive discussions with Union representatives and labour commissioner have resulted in agreement on a financial package for Chennai factory personnel," a company statement said.
Though the statement did not reveal on the details about the "financial package", sources in the Nokia India Employees Union said it was around Rs 7.50 lakh to Rs 9 lakh that was offered per employee.
"The settlement that was offered depends upon the experience of the employees. They have told us it would include the November and December month salaries," an employee told PTI here.
Nokia began its operations at plant near here, the second biggest facilities by any global firm, in 2006 after Korean auto major Hyundai's came up with its plant in the late 1990s.
The plant directly employed 8,000 people of which 60 per cent of them comprise women, and another 25,000 were associated indirectly with the firm when the facility was operating in full swing.
The facility was producing some of the basic GSM handsets and was serving the local market, besides exports.
However, its decision to sell off the handset business to Microsoft Corp in a USD 7.5-billion deal early this year forced to keep the factory out of the agreement due to tax dispute with Indian authorities.
The Nokia-Microsoft deal was completed on April 25, 2014, but the Chennai facility could not be transferred to Microsoft due to legal issues related to tax demand by the Indian government.
In a statement early this month, Nokia said Microsoft had informed the company it would be terminating manufacturing services defined in the deal, effective from November 1, 2014.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Markets rally to new highs on Japan stimulusFriday, 31 Oct 2014 |  4:09  PM ET
CNBC.com
SHARES
Pisani's market open: What a rally!
CNBC's Bob Pisani breaks down what's behind today's global rally and discusses the earnings of Exxon Mobile and Chevron.
U.S. stocks surged on Friday, lifting the Dow industrials and S&P 500 to record closes, after the Bank of Japan unexpectedly expanded stimulus, increasing hopes for the global economy.
"A lot of the fears that led to the selloff in the middle of October turned out to be unfounded, and U.S. interest rates are even lower than when we started, which makes the case for equities even stronger," said David Kelly, chief market strategist at J.P. Morgan Funds, referencing a 7.4 percent decline in the S&P 500 over a four-week period ending Oct. 15.
"Relative to where we were two weeks ago, we know earnings are going to be good, with 75 percent beating, which is the strongest since 2010, so it's a very good earnings season, and we didn't know that two weeks ago. Another part of it is good numbers for the U.S. economy, and then of course you have Japan, so the market had a lot of momentum going into today," Kelly said.
"So it's clear the selloff in the middle of October was unjustified," Kelly added.
The U.S. dollar climbed against the currencies of major trading partners, including the Japanese yen, while dollar-denominated commodities including gold and oil dropped sharply after the Bank of Japan increased its yearly target for monetary expansion to 80 trillion yen, or $724 billion, from as much as 70 trillion yen. The move comes in the same week the Federal Reserve said it would end six years of U.S. bond purchases.
"Although quantitative easing might be in the rear window for us here in the United States, it's present for Japan, and when you get something unexpected like this, you buy equities and sell commodities," said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Securities.
"You could argue that Japan has more structural issues than monetary, but as you look around the globe, the market will most likely applaud when countries that have slowing economies do things to stimulate," said Hogan, who added the "ECB is probably the next up," referring to the European Central Bank.
LinkedIn gained after the online professional network reported third-quarter sales that beat expectations; GoPro rose after its fourth-quarter profit outlook topped estimates; Citigroup gained after reporting a $600 million legal hit; Starbucks dropped after the coffee retailer tallied quarterly revenue that disappointed, and Exxon Mobil rose after reporting a 3 percent increase in quarterly profit.

Rs 1.2L cr of I-T returns this year: Arun Ja...Arun Jaitley
(As per the official data,…)
NEW DELHI: Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today said increased tax refunds in the current financial year is leading to higher fiscal deficit, which neared 83 per cent of full year target in the April-September period.
"Higher tax refunds are getting reflected in fiscal deficit number. This year there were pending tax refunds estimated around Rs 1.20 lakh crore," he told reporters here.
As per the official data, fiscal deficit has touched 82.6 per cent of budget estimates for 2014-15 to cross Rs 4.38 lakh crore at the end of September.
For entire 2014-15, fiscal deficit - gap between government expenditure and revenue - has been pegged at Rs 5.31 lakh crore or 4.1 per cent of GDP.
"It would be challenging to achieve indirect tax aim. Direct tax target would be achievable. We would strive to achieve fiscal deficit aim for this fiscal," Jaitley said.
Net tax receipts in the first half of the fiscal stood at Rs 3.23 lakh crore, or 33.1 per cent of Budget Estimates.
During April-October 20 period, the tax department has made refunds to the tune of Rs 80,850 crore.
The government aims to collect Rs 7.36 lakh crore from direct taxes in current fiscal, up from over Rs 6.36 lakh crore collected last year.
As regards indirect tax, the target is to collect over Rs 6.24 lakh crore, up 20.28 per cent over the collection in 2013-14.
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://usat.ly/1zmbykmFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
First look: Inside the year's hottest new cruise ship
SOUTHAMPTON, England -- What's it like on Royal Caribbean's newest ship, the 4,180-passenger Quantum of the Seas? Click through the carousel above for our first photos from the vessel, which sets sail Sunday
Post to Facebook
First look: Inside the year's hottest new cruise ship SOUTHAMPTON, England -- What's it like on Royal Caribbean's newest ship, the 4,180-passenger Quantum of the Seas? Click through the carousel above for our first photos from the vessel, which sets sail Sunday Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1wM7TIZ
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
11
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
First look: Inside the year's hottest new cruise ship
Cruise Log
Gene Sloan , USA TODAY 2:36 p.m. EST November 6, 2014
Royal Caribbean's newest ship, the 4,180-passenger Quantum of the Seas, arrives in New York on Nov. 10, 2014. 
(Photo: Michel Verdure)
Quantum of the Seas set sail on an inaugural voyage from Southampton, UK to New York on Nov. 2, 2014. 
(Photo: Royal Caribbean)
The top deck of Quantum of the Seas features a large main pool area open to the sky. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
A 220-square-foot digital movie screen is mounted along the side of Quantum's main outdoor pool area -- an unusual location for a movie screen on a ship. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
Two large hot tubs are located around the main pool. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
Quantum also has an interior pool area with a retractable glass roof that can be opened on warmer days. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
Perhaps the most notable new feature of Quantum of the Seas is North Star -- a giant mechanical arm that takes passengers soaring above the vessel in a glass-enclosed capsule. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
A first for a cruise ship, the North Star can hold up to 14 people, including an operator.  
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
When fully extended, the North Star soars 303 feet above sea level. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
The view from the North Star capsule as it rises above Quantum of the Seas' main pool deck. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
Passengers can see the entire length of the ship from the North Star capsule when it is fully extended. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
Passengers board the North Star from a platform at the very top of the ship on Deck. 16. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
Quantum also features RipCord by iFLY, the first skydiving simulator at sea.  
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
Passengers can try out RipCord by iFLY for free once per cruise. Additional sessions in the skydiving simulator cost extra. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
Quantum of the Seas is the latest Royal Caribbean ship to feature a FlowRider surfing simulator. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
The multi-use SeaPlex on Quantum of the Seas is home  to bumper cars -- a cruise ship first. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
Like earlier Royal Caribbean ships, Quantum has a rock climbing wall. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
This eight-ton, 30-foot-tall sculpture of a magenta polar bear, by Denver-based artist Lawrence Argent, is destined to be an icon of the ship. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
The heart of Quantum of the Seas' interior is the Royal Esplanade -- a multi-deck boulevard that's home to eateries, lounges, shops and entertainment venues. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
The Royal Esplanade is home to Michael's Genuine Pub -- the first American gastropub at sea. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
A new concept for Royal Caribbean, Michael's Genuine Pub was designed by the Miami-based, James Beard Award-winning chef Michael Schwartz. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
Chef Michael Schwartz shows off his house brand beer, Michael's Genuine Home Brew, which is available at Michael's Genuine Pub. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
Another unusual cruise ship first on Quantum of the Seas is the Bionic Bar -- a bar where the bartenders are robots. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
The robot bartenders at the Bionic Bar mix drinks as passengers watch. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
Located on Deck 4 along the Royal Esplanade, the Latin-infused Boleros bar serves mojitos and margeritas. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
A two-story-high strip of shopping outlets along the Royal Esplanade includes a Michael Kors store.  
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
More shops along the Royal Esplanade. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
A live band plays the Music Hall. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
During the day the Music Hall venue can be used for other events. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
A bar located on the upper deck of the Music Hall. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
Like other Royal Caribbean ships, Quantum of the Seas features a Schooner Bar -- a signature lounge for the line. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
The bar at the Schooner Bar. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
The Royal Esplanade also is home to a Sorrento's pizza outlet. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
Inside the Sorrento's pizza parlour on Quantum of the Seas. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
Quantum of the Seas' Casino Royale is one of the largest casinos at sea, filling up a significant portion of a deck. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
Casino Royale is located on Deck 3, one deck down from the Royal Esplanade. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
Casino Royale features dozens of slot machines and table games. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
Jamie's Italian is celebrity chef Jamie Oliver's first restaurant at sea and features fresh pasta made on board daily. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
Jamie's Italian is located on Deck 5 of Quantum of the Seas along The Via. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
Located along the Royal Esplanade is Izumi, a 40-seat, extra-charge Japanese restaurant. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
Izumi features a sushi bar with sushi chefs working behind the counter. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
The most fanciful restaurant on Quantum of the Seas is Wonderland, another new concept for Royal Caribbean that offers unusually designed dishes. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
Wonderland offers imaginative cuisine in an Alice in Wonderland-themed space. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
Adjacent to Jamie's Italian is Vintages, Royal Caribbean's signature wine bar. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
Vintages offers tastings of wines from around the world. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
In addition to bartender-served drinks, Vintages is home to automatic wine dispensers. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
Located on Deck 4, the American Icon Grill is one of four large restaurants on Quantum of the Seas that are available to passengers at no extra charge. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
The American Icon Grill seats 430 people and serves class American cuisine. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
Menu items on the American Icon Grill dinner menu include salmon and flank steak. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
Also on Deck 4 is Silk, an Asian fusion restaurant that also is available to passengers at no extra charge. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
Silk can seat up to 434 passengers at a time. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
One of the larger tables at Silk. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
Located on Deck 3, the Grande Restaurant is billed as a luxuriant nod to a bygone era and is the most formal of Quantum's four larger restaurants. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
The Grande Restaurant seats up to 432 passengers at a time and is available at no extra charge. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
Quantum of the Seas also features one of Royal Caribbean's signature, extra-charge Chops Grille steakhouses. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
Inside the Chops Grille steakhouse. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
The Chef's Table located at Chops Grille. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
Located on Deck 3, Chic serves up contemporary cuisine in a contemporary setting. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
The restaurant Chic can seat up to 434 passengers at one time. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
The largest eatery on Quantum is the casual Windjammer Marketplace, located near the top of the ship. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
The Windjammer Marketplace has seating for up to 860 passengers at the same time. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
Located along the Royal Esplanade, La Patisserie serves up pastries and coffees is a colorful, contemporary setting. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
Some items at La Patisserie will come with an extra charge. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
The largest entertainment venue on Quantum of the Seas is the Royal Theater, which will house a production of Broadway's Mamma Mia! and other shows. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
The Royal Theater can seat up to 1,300 people at once. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
Located at the front of the ship, the Solarium is a glass-enclosed, adults-only retreat. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
The Solarium has lounge chairs, hot tubs and  cascading pools. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
Royal Caribbean's newest ship, Quantum of the Seas, features some of the most elaborate suites at sea, including the two-deck-high, 1,640-square-foot Royal Loft Suite. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
The Royal Loft Suite has an expansive, 415-square-foot private balcony with a private whirlpool that overlook the back of the ship. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
The main bedroom of a Royal Loft Suite. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
The view from the second floor bedroom of a Royal Loft Suite across the main floor to the sea. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
The master bathroom of the Royal Loft Suite curves behind the main bedroom area and includes a large bathtub. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
Just off the main bedroom in the Royal Loft Suite is a giant walk-in closet. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
More than three quarters of the 2,090 cabins on Quantum of the Seas are balcony cabins such as this one. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
Most balcony cabins measure 198 square feet and feature two twin beds that convert to a royal king. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
Balcony cabins feature a sitting area with sofa. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
A standard balcony cabin bathroom on Quantum of the Seas. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
Quantum's balcony cabin bathrooms feature relatively spacious showers for a standard cabin on a cruise ship. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
Balcony cabins have two floor-to-ceiling closets for hanging clothes and other items. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
The inside of a balcony cabin closet. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
The Cafe at Two70 is a new venue for Royal Caribbean that serves up breakfast sandwiches, bagels and coffee in the mornings. Lunch brings hot-pressed sandwiches and more. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
A premium coffee bar at The Cafe at Two70. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
A Johnny Rockets burger eatery is located just steps away from Quantum's main pool. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
The Quantum of the Seas' Diamond Club is an exclusive space for passengers with Diamond or Diamond Plus status in Royal Caribbean's frequent cruiser program, the Crown & Anchor Society. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
The Diamond Club is located on Deck 4 next to Music Hall. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
Art lines and area leading into the Royal Esplanade. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
Quantum of the Seas features a high-tech store for on-board photos located along the Royal Esplanade. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
Passengers can search for photos at Quantum's photo store on touch screens. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
Just outside the SeaPlex is an arcade. 
(Photo: Just outside the SeaPlex on Deck 15 is an arcade.)
Quantum's shore excursions desk is located along the Royal Esplanade next to the Bionic Bar. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
Quantum's Guest Services desk is located on Deck 4 along the Royal Esplanade. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
Lounge chairs line the top deck of Quantum of the Seas. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
Quantum of the Seas' fitness area is located at the front of the ship on Deck 16 and features some of the best views on the vessel. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
The fitness center on Quantum of the Seas has an extensive weight machine area as well as cardio machines. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
Quantum of the Seas was built by the Meyer Werft shipyard in Papenburg, Germany, as noted on its official name plate located on Deck 14 near Johnny Rockets. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
A Quantum of the Seas life buoy. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
The bar at Michael's Genuine Pub serves top American craft beers from such breweries as Dogfish Head, Stone and Widmer. 
(Photo: Gene Sloan, USA TODAY)
Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries:
Replay

http://usat.ly/1tGxbs7FacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Pinterest's seventh employee on being black in Silicon Valley
Justin Edmund is the seventh employee at Pinterest. He's also one of the few African Americans in Silicon Valley.
Post to Facebook
Pinterest's seventh employee on being black in Silicon Valley Justin Edmund is the seventh employee at Pinterest. He's also one of the few African Americans in Silicon Valley. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1tGxbs7
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
50
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Pinterest's seventh employee on being black in Silicon Valley
Video Keywords programming classes Pan African Carnegie Mellon leading technology companies economic standpoint Edmonton Everett
Just 2% of technology workers in Silicon Valley are African American. One of them is Justin Edmund, who works for Pinterest in San Francisco. USA Today’s Jessica Guynn interviewed him about his experiences.
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:02  Being. Pan African American and a salute and values. It's
00:08  not immediately you know arm after awhile you do start to
00:11  realize the only person. In the room looks like you. Just
00:15  2% of technology workers in Silicon Valley are African American one
00:20  of them is just an Edmonton who works for interests in
00:23  San Francisco. He is the company's seventh employee and one of
00:27  its top designers. To. Uncomfortable for sure especially in San Francisco
00:32  where the class is out of ions are very very pronounced
00:37  and visible. But even just like in Everett worked right to
00:43  even the strongest minded person. We'll sometimes think I wonder if
00:48  you know. What does this add thing that's happening in the
00:51  networks today isn't necessarily because. You know. My opinion being not
00:57  a strong over the hadn't done a bad thing when it's
01:01  actually just because. We had a look and act in a
01:05  different. I like to think that most of the time that's
01:07  not the case and I'm sure that somewhere for someone who's.
01:11  And that's troublesome. Justin was a child actor that was drawn
01:16  to technology from a young age. He attended Carnegie Mellon and
01:20  landed a job at one of high tech's hottest apps. It's
01:24  time for Silicon Valley to do something about the lack of
01:27  diversity. And that effort Isa should start with education. You know
01:32  there's a lot of things can be done to. Fix the
01:36  problem but a lot of things Silicon Valley and technology companies
01:41  don't do. For example if you go to the scene prestigious
01:44  universities. Every single time every single year recruit people. And you
01:49  know spread the gospel that are going to get the same
01:53  people. Over and over again and even that night. College might
01:57  be too late to start quite a few good middle schools
02:00  were a few high schools and you know teach basic programming
02:04  classes and that process. Or even swifter really easy up and
02:09  might just run and make something. And I think that inspire
02:12  people when they're young and showing them like hey you like
02:15  arguing instead quote it you can actually work on those things.
02:20  If you start now and you work on these kinds of
02:22  problems and you take this app. Justin says bringing more diversity
02:27  to attack. Not just good for business in Silicon Valley it's
02:31  essential to Silicon Valley maintaining its leadership position in the world.
02:35  It's important to fix both. From you know social and moral
02:40  standpoint but also an economic standpoint also just like. Moving world's
02:44  poor who can build products to meet people's lives easier and
02:49  kind of inspire those people to. You know build things and
02:53  solve problems. You know lead better lives for themselves you know
02:57  we can bring out. The cycle where most of Luke leading
03:01  technology companies have in only 2% African American. Chorus Hackwear courses.
03:09  Because the end of the day that kind of stuff is
03:11  unacceptable. Especially if you look at you know social makeup of
03:15  even you know this country. Not even thinking about the entire
Jessica Guynn , USATODAY 1:34 p.m. EDT October 31, 2014
Justin Edmund, a Pinterest engineer and the company's seventh employee.
(Photo: Stephanie Taylor, USA TODAY)
1780 CONNECT 546 TWEET 116 LINKEDIN 50 COMMENTEMAILMORE
SAN FRANCISCO — In the tense days after an unarmed black teen was killed by a white police  officer in Ferguson, Mo., Justin Edmund wondered why no one else in Silicon Valley was talking about it.
"Why would they bother?" he wrote in an essay on Medium.
"At most major technology companies,  an average 2% of their workforce is African Americans — we're talking tens of people at companies employing thousands of people. At my own company, it's even worse at only 1%. I can count us all on one hand."
The seventh employee at Pinterest , Edmund, 24, is a designer responsible for the look and feel of key features on the site, which acts as a digital clipboard for users to share photos of hobbies and interests, say wedding cakes or vintage hats.
Yet,  as a young African-American man, he feels isolated, one of the few people who looks like him in the company where he works and in the Mission District neighborhood of San Francisco where he lives.
Gripped by the violent unrest and confrontations with police in Ferguson, Mo. in August, Edmund says he was shaken, afraid to even venture to the corner store for a can of soda.
He tweeted about his fear. His followers thought he was joking.
Me earlier today: "I could go for a Coke right now, maybe I'll walk to the store and get one. *remembers #ferguson * ...Nah, not worth it."
— Justin Edmund (@jedmund) August 14, 2014
Tracy Chou, a colleague at Pinterest who has championed bringing more diversity to high tech, was also frustrated.
When she lamented that the tech world didn't care about Ferguson, someone told her: "I don't even know who that is."
High-tech pay gap: Minorities earn less in skilled jobs
Late one night, Edmund sat down at his computer and let his feelings rush onto the page.
The result was "Growing up," the essay he published on Medium. It was the first time he had  ever written about race, an uncomfortable subject for many in Silicon Valley.
"In today's America, I could walk to the store right now and be shot dead in my tracks because  of a misunderstanding, or perhaps for no reason at all," he wrote. "There are people in the world that will never see past the color of my skin. Instead, they will shoot me dead for walking home from the corner store with Skittles and an Arizona iced tea. For many of you fortunate enough to read this blog post, you will never know how frightening that is."
The essay was read nearly 15,000 times and shared on social media by Silicon Valley executives and investors.
"It was pretty crazy how fast it got picked up," Edmund said. "This issue is becoming more front  and center in people's minds, which is good."
Tech jobs: Minorities have degrees, but don't get hired
Silicon Valley sees itself as a progressive place where anyone with smarts and drive  can make it.
But a series of sobering reports revealing just how few African Americans and Hispanics work inside major technology companies has shaken that belief.
It's called the 2% problem. That's the percentage of African Americans in Silicon Valley.
Justin Edmund, Pinterest's seventh employee, says he's felt isolated in Silicon Valley as a black engineer.
(Photo: Stephanie Taylor/USA TODAY)
At Pinterest, the stats are even worse than at other tech companies: 92% of the staff is either  white or Asian. Just 2% is Hispanic and just 1% is black.
But Edmund says his company, which at about 400 employees is much smaller than tech giants such as Google, Facebook and Apple, is making diversity a priority. One Pinterest staffer is focused exclusively on diversity and inclusion.
"It's hard to aspire to be something when you don't see people in that role who look like you," Edmund said.
Edmund started modeling and acting when he was 9 months old.
At the age of 4, he tried out for The Preacher's Wife and landed a major role in the 1996 film starring Denzel Washington and Whitney Houston. Edmund played Jeremiah, the son of the pastor of a struggling Baptist church in New York City.
His brush with fame didn't change how Edmund was perceived. He remembers being followed around a drug store in the New York suburb where he grew up. He was shopping for mechanical pencils.
Putting the spotlight on African Americans in high tech
A self-described nerd, Edmund dreamed of becoming an inventor.
"I didn't want to become like the people that I saw on the news every night. They usually were black, like me, but they were being arrested for various crimes and generally made out as bad people. What seven, eight, nine year old wants to be a bad person?" he wrote in his essay. "My somewhat shameful solution was to reject everything about black culture in a naïve effort to distance myself from what I was told to be 'bad' by society."
He played Dance Dance Revolution instead of basketball. He listened to Japanese-American singer Utada Hikaru instead of rap music.
Justin Edmund, second from left, and other Pinterest employees at South by Southwest in 2014.
(Photo: Skip Bronkie, Pinterest)
He quit acting. He didn't want to be just another black celebrity hounded by the media. He wanted to build things.
In high school, he taught himself to code.
At Carnegie Mellon, he discovered his passion for design. He was the first in his family to graduate from college.
While interning at Facebook, he met Pinterest founder Evan Sharp. From there he landed a job at one  of Silicon Valley's hottest young startups.
"I wanted to make something positive. That's what attracted me to Silicon Valley," he said. "Those  kinds of things are possible here."
What's also possible in Silicon Valley: Swinging open the doors of opportunity to underrepresented minorities, Edmund says.
Companies should go into middle schools and high schools and offer basic programming classes to get kids excited about technology, he says.
Reaching kids when they are young and when their interests are still forming is not just the right thing to do, it's in the self interest of Silicon Valley, Edmund says.
If companies here become more diverse, they will be able to reach more consumers around the country and the globe, he said.
"Inspiring people when they are young and showing them like, 'Hey, you like Vine? You like Instagram?  Cool, you can actually work on those things if you start now and you work on these kinds of problems and you take this kind of path.' That kind of awareness will go a long way," Edmund said.
"Having grown  up in New York, I was fairly privileged, but there are lots and lots of people that, you know, weren't as lucky as me that are probably extremely smart but don't realize that they can download a program and start making code and start building things."

http://usat.ly/1wkAd6gGame Hunters: Spooky video games for Halloween
We talk about some of our favorite scary video games.
Post to Facebook
Game Hunters: Spooky video games for Halloween We talk about some of our favorite scary video games. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1wNm9RY
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Game Hunters: Spooky video games for Halloween
Brett Molina , USA TODAY 9:56 a.m. EDT October 31, 2014
A scene from the 2008 video game 'Dead Space.'
(Photo: Electronic Arts/AP)
3 CONNECT 17 TWEET LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
Need a good scare for Halloween?
Video games have proven to be a wonderful venue for frightening video games. On this week's Game Hunters podcast, we cover some of our favorite scary video games, from stalwarts like Resident Evil to newer entrants like Dead Space.
Got a favorite scary video game? Share them in the comments section.
Also, if you have any feedback, questions or other suggestions for the podcast, reach out to Brett Molina ( @brettmolina23 ) and Mike Snider ( @MikeSnider ) on Twitter, or email us at techcomments@usatoday.com . Miss an episode? Check us out on SoundCloud .
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1wNm9RY
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

Santelli: Buying with big time yensantelli: buying with big time yen
Joni Ernst completes The Full GrassleyBy Ben Terris October 31 Follow @bterris
AMES, Iowa -- “This may be the most important election in our lifetime,” Republican candidate for Senate Joni Ernst said inside a brick laden brewpub here.
Nobody laughed. That’s how seriously people are taking Ernst these days as she heads into the final stretch of her once-long shot campaign against Rep. Bruce Braley. Ernst came to Ames last night to complete her 99-county tour, where she has been telling anyone who will listen about how the “ Iowa way ” is working.  She brought along the man who has visited all the counties perhaps more times than any other Iowan, Sen. Chuck Grassley (the tour is now known as “the Full Grassley.” Her opponent Braley completed the tour in February.)
“Joni Ernst’s election will restore the United States Senate to the  deliberative body it’s supposed to be,” Grassley said on stage. Then he returned to a high top stool, crossed his hands across his lap, and listened quietly to the woman that the crowd of about 100 people had come to see.
“Oh heavens,” Ernst shouted as she took the stage.
For the past couple of days, and for the final few before the election, Ernst’s plan is to have upwards of forty of this smaller rallies to turn out the vote in the rural areas (as opposed to having giant rallies, like the one Braley is having on Saturday with Bill Clinton and folk singer James Taylor).  Her speeches have generally hit the same notes: that things in Iowa are working out better than they are in Washington D.C., that she plans to spend more time here at home than at the Capitol, and that people should trust her on military issues because of her two decades of service.
“I’ve got your back,” she said addressing veterans in the room. “I’ve got your six… Congressman Braley has not done that.”
It’s message that has resonated. After she spoke a 62-year-old veteran named Don Batt, waded his way through the crowd to speak with her. He handed her a folded up American flag that he had bought specifically to give to her.
“I just wanted to thank you for making it possible for my wife to go to work and come home safely,” he said. He saluted, and then they hugged.
Ben Terris is a writer in the Washington Post's Style section with a focus on national politics.

Mary Landrieu said race Obamas race hurts him in the South. Outrage ensues.By Nia-Malika Henderson October 31 Follow @niawapo
Sen. Mary Landrieu (D-La.) speaks to the media about her campaign and her record after talking at the Louisiana Municipal Association's annual convention on Aug. 2 in Baton Rouge. (Melinda Deslatte/AP)
Sen. Mary Landrieu (D-La.) might want a do-over about now. Asked by NBC's Chuck Todd  why President Obama is so unpopular in Louisiana, Landrieu first gave a long answer about energy policy.
But then she waded into more fraught territory: race.
“I'll be very, very honest with you; the South has not always been the friendliest place for African Americans,” Landrieu said. “It's been a difficult time for the president to present himself in a very positive light as a leader."
She also said that women have struggled in the South, but her comments on race got much more attention -- including a brief airing on "NBC Nightly News" -- because that's how it is with race.
First thing to note: This is basically third-grade social studies kind of stuff, right? Remember how that whole "Southern strategy" later prompted Republican National  Chairman Ken Mehlman to apologize in 2005 at an NAACP event?
By the '70s and into the '80s and '90s, the Democratic Party solidified its gains in the African American community, and we Republicans did not effectively reach out. Some Republicans gave up on winning the African American vote, looking the other way or trying to benefit politically from racial polarization. I am here today as the Republican chairman to tell you we were wrong.
The racial history of the South has played out at the ballot box. It exists. Landrieu isn't breaking any new ground here. She is however, breaking an unwritten rule in politics -- it's best not to talk about race, unless it's about how far we've come.
Her opponents have pounced on her response, calling it divisive and suggesting she's calling her own state racist.
"Quite frankly, Sen. Landrieu owes the people of Louisiana an apology for relegating them to nothing but racists and sexists," her opponent, Rob Maness, a tea party challenger, said in a statement.
Rep. Bill Cassidy (R-La.), her other opponent, said the opposition to Obama has more to do with  policy than race.
“I gotta tell ya, when people in Louisiana look at Obamacare and his regulatory regime and him going after their job, that’s the reason they oppose him, that’s the reason they oppose her,” Cassidy said. “She supports him 97 percent of the time. We’re not racist; we just all have common sense.”
Of course, read another way, Landrieu's comments could be geared toward increasing  black turnout . But she also has to get white support for a winning multiracial coalition. Southern Democrats have fared increasingly poorly among whites (see: the Southern strategy), and it's hard to see Landrieu's comments helping her navigate an already-tough tightrope.
Nia-Malika Henderson is a political reporter for The Fix.

Theres been 10-year diversity drought in comic book movies. Thats changing.Comments
By Matthew J. Smith October 31
On the left, concept-art released by Marvel Entertainment for its upcoming Black Panther film. On the right, a Warner Bros./DC Entertainment release portraying Wonder Woman.
In the past month, Marvel Studios and DC Entertainment have delivered Christmas early to comic book fans by announcing 19 new superhero films for release between 2016 and 2020. To those impressive numbers, add additional promised offerings from Fox (which holds the license to Marvel’s X-Men and Fantastic Four franchises) and Sony (with rights to Spider-Man). The surge in comic book-based movies is based on a proven track record: Four of the top ten grossing films this year are based on comic books properties, including Guardians of the Galaxy and Captain America: The Winter Soldier. 
What is striking about the upcoming slate is that it is finally bringing diversity to the big screen of comic book movies after a nearly decade long absence. Wonder Woman will finally receive a feature film in 2017, joined by The Black Panther that year, and Marvel’s female powerhouse, Captain Marvel, in 2018.
Wesley Snipes as "Blade." (AP Photo/New Line Cinema, Diyah Pera)
Previously, Shaquille O’Neal, of all people, had broken the race barrier in bringing the comic-book character Steel to movie life in 1997, followed, in short order, by Wesley Snipes’s Blade, the Vampire Hunter, triology. Helen Slater was the first female headliner with Supergirl in 1984, and it was another two decades until Halle Berry played the lead in 2004’s poorly-reviewed Catwoman. Yet almost none of the movies since then – including the two-dozen comic book films of the past two years – has had as a lead a woman or racial minority.
The struggle to portray the full diversity of America is nothing new for the source material for these adaptations, the great American comic book. The great comics innovator Will Eisner gave the heroic lead in The Spirit an African-American sidekick named Ebony White. With his pronounced lips and thick accent, Ebony embodied every offensive stereotype already thrust upon the African-American community in vaudeville, film, and radio. Eisner later expressed regret for playing into those stereotypes, and his peers largely decided to avoid depicting people of color. Of course, no representation may be as bad as misrepresentation. Although superheroes had arrived on the scene with Superman’s debut in 1938, it would be another quarter of a century before a hero of color would appear with the Black Panther’s premiere in 1966.
The superheroines, of course, fared only slightly better. Wonder Woman was not the first superheroine but she is the only one to have enjoyed a nearly continuous publication record that stretches from 1941 to present. Women superheroes continued to populate the pages of American mainstream comics, but mostly as token members of an entourage, such as Sue Storm, the Invisible Woman, as one-quarter of the Fantastic Four. In fact, publishers have had difficulty producing sustained runs of titles with female stars. Aside from Wonder Woman, the most enduring stand-alone female superhero to date has come from Image Comics, whose Witchblade series has been regularly published since 1995. Even many of the most recurring ones have been derivatives of their male counterparts, including Supergirl, Batgirl, Ms. Marvel (following a previous male Captain Marvel), Spider-Woman, and She-Hulk.
Interestingly, the modest number of diverse role models has not dissuaded Americans of all backgrounds from embracing the narratives of personal struggle and ultimate triumph popularized in superhero films. As I boarded the metro bound for the San Diego Convention Center last summer during Comic-Con International, I was followed on board by a pair of five-year-old Latino boys dressed as Captain America and Iron Man. Later, at the Convention Center, I saw numerous women dressed, once again, as Captain America and Iron Man. Despite the fact that the characters are portrayed by stereotypical white men on film, the impact of the narratives is so powerful that people transcend ethnic and gender limitations and embrace the embodiment of the ideals these characters represent.
Historically, superheroes have enjoyed their greatest popularity at times when national confidence is under strain. In comic books, the superheroes’ popularity peaked during World War II, enjoyed a creative renaissance during the turbulent 1960s, and are now meeting a new national hunger for heroes as the country faces military threats from radicalized groups, renewed tension with Cold War adversaries and shadowy cyber-attacks.
In this new climate, I look forward to experiencing a culture in which portrayals of super-powerful people from minorities are standards in the mainstream. On the one hand, could such heroes become even more potent icons for a new Millennial generation that expects diversity? On the other hand, perhaps these heroes will not resonate in quite the same way that icons like Cap do, and we won’t see white boys attired like the Black Panther? That latter outcome would be a shame.
As much as we malign the mass media (and who could be more a part of the mass media than Marvel’s parent company of Disney or DC Entertainment’s, Time Warner), particularly for their frequent shortfalls when it comes to recognizing and representing the diversity of our culture, those creative forces now calling the shots within these corporations may be on to something with this line-up of films. It would have been safer to have filled these slates with even more white, male superheroes, given the public’s appetite for them. But appetites do change with time, and perhaps both Marvel and DC have figured out that the highly diverse fan community will be looking for a wider palate of superheroes to admire — at least by 2017.
Matthew J. Smith, Ph.D., is a professor of communication at Wittenberg University in Springfield, Ohio. In collaboration with Dr. Randy Duncan of Henderson State University and Paul Levitz, former president and publisher of DC Comics, he is the author of the forthcoming The Power of Comics: History, Form and Culture , 2nd Edition.

RNC staffers kick off the clever-costume derby mocking DemsBy Emily Heil October 31 Follow @emilyaheil
All the good Washington Halloween costumes come with a punchline.
Getting the annual clever-disguise derby going, the communications team of the Republican National Committee showed that they’re always on-message (and coordinating) with their group get-up. They posed for a pic dressed in running gear, with marathon-style tags pinned to their chests bearing the names of vulnerable Dems. The schtick: They are the candidates “running away” from President Obama.
See what they did there?
RNC Comms Team dressed up as Democrats running from Obama policies @charliecrist even has his fan #halloween pic.twitter.com/Th5s9kSyBD
— Sean Spicer (@seanspicer) October 31, 2014
Read more Reliable Source: 

Fiscal deficit reaches 83% of budget estimates in first half of FY15Fiscal deficit reaches 83% of budget estimates in first half of FY15
Banks limit ATM usage; to charge for more than 5 transactionsHi Guest
Banks limit ATM usage; to charge for more than 5 transactions
Using ATMs to withdraw money or for other purposes like balance enquiry beyond five times in a month will attract a levy of Rs 20 per transaction from November 1. As per the Reserve Bank's new guidelines that comes into force from tomorrow, bank customers in six metros-- Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai, Kolkata, Hyderabad and Bangalore - are allowed to withdraw money and/or carry out non-financial transactions like mini-statements at ATMs of banks, where they hold saving/current accounts, free of ...

Sukhbir inaugurates solar power plantSukhbir inaugurates solar power plant
Market bucks October trendMarket bucks October trend
500 in months  1000 in 3 yearsCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Totally frustrating div ex date was 24th sep and still not credited di...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Bajaj-auto has hit 52-week high today. source isCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

There will be solace that in the coming days when the chunk of big tr...Platinum Member
62 Followers
There will be solace that in the coming days when the chunk of  big trading houses start booking profits from sector wise scrips and the brouses , Nifty were to find levels of 7500, 7000 probably you will then see the value in Biocon , since there will be churning done by these guys which is likely be near Nov. end , since Dec 2014 will see Biocon showing sign of revival with good news etc , which may take the scrip to new highs of 550
7.59 PM Oct 31st  | Track

Southern Illinois residents rally  wait for frackingSouthern Illinois residents rally, wait for fracking
Caption Waiting to build
Armando L. Sanchez, Chicago Tribune
An excavator sits at the construction site for the Woolsey Energy Co. office in Fairfield, Ill.
An excavator sits at the construction site for the Woolsey Energy Co. office in Fairfield, Ill. (Armando L. Sanchez, Chicago Tribune)
Caption Community meeting
Armando L. Sanchez, Chicago Tribune
Members of the community attend a Wayne County Hall Meeting to discuss the legislative action required to access the potential shale in the area at the First Christian Church in Fairfield, Ill.
Members of the community attend a Wayne County Hall Meeting to discuss the legislative action required to access the potential shale in the area at the First Christian Church in Fairfield, Ill. (Armando L. Sanchez, Chicago Tribune)
Caption Addressing the community
Armando L. Sanchez, Chicago Tribune
Woolsey Energy Co. president Wayne Woolsey addresses members of the community during a Wayne County Hall meeting to discuss the legislative action required to access the potential shale in the area.
Woolsey Energy Co. president Wayne Woolsey addresses members of the community during a Wayne County Hall meeting to discuss the legislative action required to access the potential shale in the area. (Armando L. Sanchez, Chicago Tribune)
Caption Fracking meeting
Armando L. Sanchez, Chicago Tribune
Terry Jack James, 65, stands to address members of the panel while attending a Wayne County Hall meeting to discuss the legislative action required to access the potential shale in the area at the First Christian Church in Fairfield.
Terry Jack James, 65, stands to address members of the panel while attending a Wayne County Hall meeting to discuss the legislative action required to access the potential shale in the area at the First Christian Church in Fairfield. (Armando L. Sanchez, Chicago Tribune)
Caption Filing suit
Armando L. Sanchez, Chicago Tribune
Amy Pollard poses for a portrait in her home in Fairfield, Ill. Pollard and a dozen other land owners filed a law suit against Marc Miller, head of the Illinois Department of Natural Resources, and Governor Pat Quinn for delaying fracking permits in Illinois.
Amy Pollard poses for a portrait in her home in Fairfield, Ill. Pollard and a dozen other land owners filed a law suit against Marc Miller, head of the Illinois Department of Natural Resources, and Governor Pat Quinn for delaying fracking permits in Illinois. (Armando L. Sanchez, Chicago Tribune)
'We're not afraid of fracking here': Residents in southern Illinois are itching to get started.
Residents around southern Illinois town want to know when fracking will begin.
Wayne Woolsey, an oilman since 1958, says he has core samples pulled from deep below the shale rock here that "look awful promising," comparable to what has been found elsewhere in the country where fracking has brought plentiful jobs and enriched land owners and energy companies.
So, Woolsey said, he was stunned when a Twitter account with his company's name and his portrait surfaced with links to complaints about fracking along with a letter with his signature that informed more than 200 property owners in another county that he was terminating leases on land where he planned to drill.
  Open link
"We cannot in good conscience subject you and your community to the dangers posed by hydraulic fracturing," the letter said. "The benefits of our contractual agreement would be egregiously one-sided, since we would be exposing you and your community to immeasurable dangers. Unconscionable contracts carry no legal force and therefore must be dissolved."
In response, the 83-year-old president of Woolsey Energy Corp. quickly contacted the landowners to let them know the letter, which used his company's letterhead, and the tweets were fakes. Woolsey, who has leases covering 50,000 acres in Wayne County, clearly was not amused.
Neither was the crowd of 600 people who gathered last week in a church here, about 100 miles east of St. Louis, to find out what was taking the state so long to get fracking started. No one here has seen Woolsey's core samples. But they say they trust Woolsey because he meets regularly with local government officials — in contrast with other energy firms that have remained distant and silent.
"Our lifestyle is being threatened by environmental activists," Woolsey told the crowd, leaning heavily on his cane and looking diminutive in an oversize pinstriped suit.
8
A dozen landowners here have vented their frustration with the state's inability to approve rules governing fracking by filing suit against Illinois Department of Natural Resources Director Marc Miller and Gov. Pat Quinn in Wayne County Circuit Court. They contend the state's delay in issuing fracking permits is akin to an illegal land grab, a legal argument based on the idea that regulation of a property's use has gone "too far," depriving the owner of value or utility.
Their lawyer expects more lawsuits to be filed in other southern Illinois counties where land has been leased in anticipation of fracking.
While a state fracking law was passed in May 2013 and signed by Quinn on June 17, 2013, proposed rules that would regulate fracking now sit with a little known 12-member state body called the Joint Committee on Administrative Rules. It has until Nov. 15 to approve the regulations or the rule-making process starts anew.
@mundolibre It seems that the initial landowner would need to sell away the mineral rights to initiate this process?
John the First
52
When Woolsey asked the crowd whether any environmental activists were present, the room went silent. At the end of the evening, one woman elbowed her way to the back of the church and quietly let reporters know how to contact her before slipping into the night.
"We aren't trying to deny people jobs, per se," said Sabrina Hardenbergh, an environmentalist from Carbondale who is critical of southern Illinois decision-makers for focusing on fossil fuels "to the detriment of renewable energy development and our health and environmental preservation." She said she'd like to see jobs created that "could be renewable energy jobs, or 'greener' jobs that would work better with our local organic agriculture, vineyards, outdoor tourism, and such."
But if the turnout at the church was any indication, Wayne County is fracking country. Fracking is the biggest and most exciting thing people here have talked about since the early 1920s, when the local Shelton Brothers Gang, famous as bootleggers and robbers, fought it out with the Birger Gang for control of the territory.
"Look at this room. It's not easy on a Tuesday night — we didn't even feed them — to get this many people in a room," said Brad Richards, vice president of the Illinois Oil and Gas Association and who has acted as chief spokesman for the energy companies as the state has haggled over fracking.
"This is the least represented part of the state in this whole debate," Richards said. "The least represented part of the state is the place where it's (fracking is) going to happen. And that's pathetic."
Some residents say they don't understand why fracking, a method for stimulating oil and natural gas production by breaking apart rocks deep underground with high volumes of fluid laced with sand and chemicals, is so misunderstood. Environmentalists call fracking dangerous and say it threatens to pollute the air and water.
"We're not afraid of fracking here," said Diane Robinson, a certified public accountant. She said smaller vertical oil wells have pockmarked the area for years. Most farmers, she said, just grow crops around the rigs.
But a modern fracked well would produce more than 100 times the amount of oil as the small wells that dot the countryside.
"People who know nothing about what we're about are going to tell us we can't do this?" Robinson said.
Robinson, who said she represents the third generation of her family in the oil industry, said fracking would dramatically help Wayne County and southern Illinois.
"We're in desperate need of economic development," she said. About 13 percent of the population here is below the poverty line and the median annual income two years ago was about $26,000.
Until the rules are passed, the Department of Natural Resources has said it will not issue fracking permits — unless ordered by a court.
The state agency has maintained that its final draft rule regulations were delayed because it had to sort through more than 30,000 comments filed in response to the initial proposed regulations. Concerns were raised about everything from chemicals used in fracking to the handling of wastewater and the processes for public review of permits.
Ron Osman, a southern Illinois attorney, said he doesn't buy that explanation. During the same period, he said, the state has dealt with same-sex marriage, medical marijuana and other issues.
"In those 500 days you can marry anybody that you want to, smoke marijuana if you have a medical condition, carry a gun and go to the video parlor. But they can't seem to pass the (rules) that would put tens of thousands of people to work and put millions of dollars in state coffers and millions of dollars in people's pockets," Osman said.
Osman said he asked his law clerk to comb through the comments, which were posted on a public website. What he found, Osman said, were not 30,000 comments, but many repeated comments, sometimes coupled with cut-and-paste instructions.
"The comment procedure was taken over by a small core of well-organized entities and individuals," Osman said. "We found instances where there were seven to 10 duplicates, where the same commenter would send the same comment seven to 10 times."

Successful Why it might not lastSyd Weighs In | 30 October 2014
The downside of success
Sydney Finkelstein
About the author
Sydney is a professor of strategy and leadership, and Dean for Executive Education,  at the Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth and the author of 16 books, including Why Smart Executives Fail. Follow him on twitter: @sydfinkelstein
Read more about these links.
Thinkstock
After the turmoil of the 2008 global financial collapse, there have been many worries about the resilience of Europe’s largest banks.
For those worrywarts, there has been some fairly good news. Recent stress test results announced for Eurozone banks by the European Central Bank indicated that four in five made the cut. That’s largely positive and it made me think, what if large corporations around the world also went through a similar exercise?
Would they do as well?
Related
Do's and don'ts of Twitter
There is such a stress test for public companies, and it takes place every day on the stock market. Unfortunately, over the last couple of weeks a seemingly inordinate number of giant companies have started to receive negative scores. For example, IBM, McDonald’s, Amazon and Coca-Cola recently announced missed financial targets, citing everything from concerns over obesity to bad press in China for their troubles. Questions have even arisen about the outlook for growth at Wal-Mart and AT&T . And of course Tesco has been mired in a downward slump for more than a year.
What gives? Is the middling global economic recovery to blame? Are severe challenges in places like Africa or Russia taking a bite out of the bottom line?
No. Global giants have always dealt with the difficulties that come with a worldwide footprint.
The problem with the giants is that they’re in a battle with the fundamental forces of business, and right now they’re losing. There are five such fundamentals that are at the heart of corporate survival.
1.  It’s not easy
Running a global, complex company in 2014 is one of the most difficult management and leadership challenges imaginable. After all, Coke is sold in almost every country in the world; Wal-Mart employs 2.2m people. For companies such as these, not only do you need to run your business, but you also need to think about how to completely change it at times. Few large companies are adept at pulling off both these tricks. Maybe that’s why IBM has fallen behind in cloud services and mobile, two of the most important changes in the IT world. They require different organisational structures and even different talent for success than IBM’s core businesses.
Successful companies build strong cultures that reinforce that success. Adapting to change often requires leaders to break that culture. That’s not easy.
2. The formula for growth is not infinite
There are clear pathways to growing a business. Once you have your core product or service, your opportunities come from selling it to more customers. Eventually the quest for customers leads to new markets. Simultaneously, companies seek to expand. Perhaps they look for new ways to leverage their main products, or they seek to offer new services.
And that’s it. Growth comes from selling the same thing to new customers or selling new things to existing customers, or both. What happens when a company and its leaders have pretty much played all these cards? Where else can Coca-Cola sell their products? Are there some product categories that Wal-Mart and Tesco have yet to uncover?
3. New growth opportunities usually involve more risk
Once a company begins to exhaust its core growth formula, it has got to look further afield. And that means expanding into tangentially related businesses where they may no longer have the inherent advantage.
Amazon is a particularly intriguing example, because its managers are taking all sorts of new risks via expansion, even while its core business — ecommerce — is growing by leaps and bounds. It’s not impossible to make this work, but the degree of difficulty goes up exponentially when you enter a market or product category where you don’t have the upper hand. Amazon’s failure in a variety of new ventures, from smartphones, to tablets, to search is a case in point.
4. It’s much less fun to compete when growth slows
Growth is great, but when the natural trajectory of growth slows, you’ve got to compete on price and other features. That’s much less fun, because you’re now fighting a zero-sum game for market share points, and it’s much less lucrative.
Not only is your business strategy tougher to pull off when growth slows, but a company’s addiction to meeting and beating market expectations (remember the score sheet, aka, the stock market?) creates all sorts of negative side effects. Cost cutting starts to dominate, for instance. That’s not necessarily a bad thing … until it becomes the go-to strategy to push earnings per share growth. There are natural limits to cost cutting, because at some point you start to lose great talent, cut back on new initiatives and push out other priorities. For example, the disastrous Gulf oil spill in 2010 was triggered, at least in part, by BP’s maniacal attention to cost cutting.
IBM has spent more money on stock buybacks and dividends than research and development for some time, a strategy that certainly pushes earnings per share up, but only makes it tougher to compete, and even tougher to find a new path to renewed growth.
5. No company lives forever
This is the one nobody in the executive suite really wants to hear about, but it’s simply a core lesson of business history. Of the top 100 companies by revenues in 1955, for example, only about a dozen still enjoy that same ranking almost 70 years later. Everything leaders do to grow a business is designed to forestall the day when that growth stops. And of course new waves of entrepreneurial ventures rise to take up the top spots over time. After all, back in 1955 Wal-Mart and Amazon were nowhere to be found, and McDonald’s was a tiny regional player. Today they’re all giants. What will we see in another few decades?
Companies that become giants in their industries are not immune from these five fundamental forces. At some point they become so big that the classic pathways to growth become constricted, and the inevitable rise of new companies start to take their toll. At some point, all successful companies become too big to succeed.
To comment on this story or anything else you have seen on BBC Capital, head over to our Facebook page or message us on Twitter .

Smooth Scheduling: Setting a Time Limit for a New Taskreddit
It's only a matter of time before your manager hands you and your team a task unlike anything you've done before. Given the rapid advances of technology, every position requires you to keep learning, if only to keep up with the tools of the trade. Just 25 years ago, desktop computers were an expensive curiosity; now they're a necessity, and we all learned how to use them efficiently lest we fall behind. What's next? Whatever it is, you'll need to be prepared to learn how to use it.
Whatever the new task you face, you have to figure out how much time it'll take so you can use your estimate to schedule and build your to-do lists. So how do you do it?
1. Compare it to existing tasks. When computers replaced typewriters, I recall estimating that preparing a report would take about the same time--maybe even less, since I wouldn't have to retype an entire document after editing and revision. It turned out to be a good estimate. When you receive a new task, check on what you already do that's like it, then use that as an estimate the first time. Once you've actually done it, you can adjust for reality.
2. Consult others who've done it before. Even if a task is new to your team, it may be old hat to others within your organization. Reach out and ask for their advice on a reasonable timeframe.
3. Test it. Before you peg an official time limit for a task, have someone on your team do a dry run with as many of the real factors in place as possible. That, along with practice #2, will give you a baseline to work toward.
4. Take your crew's abilities into account. As team lead, no one knows your people's abilities and working speed as well as you. Consider these factors before deciding on the time limit and assigning the project.
5. Use your best guess. Based upon your experience and how long you've been at the task, take a wild guess! Oh sure, you can create a work breakdown structure and a mind map, with estimated start/stop dates for each piece of the project, but ultimately, it's your intelligent estimate of time that will matter the most.
Remember the days when organizations had the luxury of time, and of making long-term plans that advanced slowly but steadily, like the stately clockwork of Big Ben? Me neither. Speed, flexibility, agility, and change-hardiness are the watchwords in today's organizations, and setting time limits to new tasks is just a small part of that. Rather than guess, use the tools above to pin it down straightaway--and get to work.
Follow Laura Stack on Twitter: www.twitter.com/laurastack
More:

I Called Disneyland to Complain  and They Told Me to F**k Offreddit
The customer is not always right. I know this. As someone who has worked in customer service, waited tables, and tended bar for years, I know first hand a lot of customers are just plain wrong ("No you can't bring in outside food to our restaurant, where we literally sell food").
However, it's never okay to tell a customer they simply don't matter -- because while they might not be right, they are important. Without customers there is no business. Yet, in today's fat-cat corporate dominated world it seems we've spiraled back into a time of David versus Goliath, except David no longer wins.
Recently, as the title suggests, I called Disneyland to complain. As season pass holders my boyfriend and I were frustrated after spending hundreds -- nay thousands -- of dollars simply to be met with a laundry list of difficulties when it came to actually using said passes. Including a plethora of blackout dates, no parking discounts, early and differing closing times, months (like October) where special events prevented us from using the pass without paying extra, and administrative difficulties every time we tried to enter the park. (Somehow his pass never worked, he was accused of not paying for it and it always required a trip to customer service to argue our case.) Sorry, that's just not what we signed up for.
So when we called one Tuesday -- literally on the way to the park -- to ask about closing times (the website was unclear) and were put on hold for 40 minutes, a ridiculous wait time, our question turned to a complaint. We were fed up.
I am not sure what we were expecting -- it's not like the park would change its closing hours for us, or rethink blackout dates, but perhaps if enough people complained these policies might change in the future? Or maybe we just wanted a sympathetic ear, someone to understand our frustrations and offer a simple "I'm sorry how can we make it better?"
But that's not what we got. When we told Sally* (our "cast member" helper in charge of these sorts of complaints) this is what she said:
"Well you must be the only ones who feel that way because we're still selling tickets. In fact tickets sell out." In other words, go f**k yourself.
At that moment we went from frustrated to flabbergasted. Of course they sell out Sally -- Disneyland as I recall is a pretty successful enterprise. People travel all over the world to pay the cost of a college education to visit Goofy and shoot aliens with Buzz Light Year. But why does their massive success give them the right to simply not give a shit when someone has a valid complaint?
I understand that the $379 we each spent on a season pass doesn't really matter in the grand scheme of Disney's world -- but it mattered to us. It matters to people who fly cross-country to have a vacation and end up in tears. Or scrape together hard-earned money just to have their happiest place on earth dreams shattered -- and it's this type of big business mentality that is ruining America. (Yes, I just said Disneyland is ruining America, feel free to comment below.)
Don't get me wrong, it's not just Disneyland, it's the fact that corporations run the world now and individuals no longer matter. It's the mentality that your voice as a regular, non-famous, non-one-percenter, non-lobbyist human being means nothing when it comes to big, branded companies. You are helpless because these business giants have lost sight of what got them there in the first place: single customers.
Ever tried complaining to a credit card company after charging fees they weren't supposed to? Buckle up, because it will take 45 minutes just to get someone on the phone, simply to have them transfer you.
Ever tried to cancel or change a flight because a loved one was sick? Or complained to a cable company about their less-than-stellar service? Ever had a dispute with a doctor's office for double billing? Most of these battles are met with unhelpful responses, poor customer service and companies that don't care. You're just one person after all.
But that's not how it should be. We shouldn't be bullied simply because we don't have the funds, or the time or the energy to fight back.
When we called Disneyland we were considered nothing more than the dirt under their diamond tipped shoes. As the woman told us, people are still buying tickets so we can take a hike for all she cares. We did, thanks.
Obviously losing one customer won't affect the machine that is Disney. Perhaps however, the way network streaming is now fighting cable, there's a way around corporate bullies. Perhaps if enough people complained one voice could become a million. I love Disneyland -- I still do -- I guess all I wanted is for them to care as much about me as I do about them.
*Names have been changed.
Follow Taryn Hillin on Twitter: www.twitter.com/tarynhillin
More:

Mobile-phone mapping succeeds where national censuses failBy Nancy Scola October 30 Follow @nancyscola
A mapping of the population of France extrapolated from the mobile phone calls of 2 million users. (Study co-author Catherine Linard)
Traditionally, the way we know who lives where is the result of national censuses. But those head counts can be expensive and occur rarely, and a new study suggests that the the passive tallying that happens every time our mobile phones check into a cellphone tower can provide a sort of living census that, researchers say, can improve how we respond to everything from earthquake devastation to the spread of Ebola.
Pierre Deville of Belgium's University of Louvain in Belgium and Northeastern University's Center for Complex Network Research and Catherine Linard of Belgium's Université Libre de Bruxelles are the study's lead authors, and their newly released research appears in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences . What Deville and Linard set out to discover was whether the rapid global adoption of mobile phones can provide more finely-grained insight into population distributions than traditional, census-driven demographic methods do. Is cellphone data the answer for countries that can least afford other counts of their people? Can that information provide a usefully nuanced reading of human geography? And can it be done without violating the privacy and security of the cellphone toting population?
Existing ways of understanding population distribution have tended to be high-level. In the 1990s, there was as push among demographers and geographers to scale down census data, and there were advances made in figuring out how to use land cover (Pavement? Grass?), street grids, and even climate data to divide those population counts down to the hundred-meter square. But that approach has its own failings. Downscaling uses national censuses as its baseline. In many spots of the globe, though, those counts are rarely done, often because of the expense or logistic complexities. That presents a paradox: the populations most at risk during disasters and other epidemics often live where census data is the least available or least reliable.
But the rapid adoption of mobile phones across the planet, Deville and Linard found, offers a new way to fill in where there are gaps in the data. The researchers acquired from telephone companies a data set of one billion phone calls made by two million users in Portugal and 17 million users in France. Then, in a first experiment, they mapped Portugal's calls using both long-standing census downscaling methods and the mobile phone data.
To plot the data, Deville and Linard drew around existing cellphone towers what's known as Voronoi polygons  — or cells drawn around a set of points so that any spot within each cell is closer to its own contained point than to any other — and then plotted the number of calls connecting to that tower. Then, using the telephone providers' data on service adoption rates, the researchers extrapolated per-tower populations.
One benefit that revealed itself about that approach, says Linard on the phone from Belgium, is that, "we can produce maps for day and night, for weekdays and weekends, for holy days and working periods."
Of course, there's a worry that using mobile phone data to plot population is a personal privacy and security risk. The study points out, though, that user identities weren't contained in the data set; in fact, they were working with simple call data aggregated by cell tower, without even a record of when calls were passed from one cell tower to the next.
In their Portugal mapping, the researchers found that the mobile phone data matched the accuracy of the census-based data on a high level. Drill down to local levels, though, and things got even more interesting: around the capital city of Lisbon, the mobile-phone data captured details that the other method missed. The digital information, concluded the authors, can provide "a near real-time understanding of patterns and processes in human geography."
That said, concluded the authors, the value of the method increases as the number of represented cell towers increases. "Its accuracy depends directly upon the network structure," the study reads. "The higher the density of towers, the higher the precision of the [mobile phone] communication geo-localization." In other words, the research technique they're advancing will only improve with age, as long as more people keep using more cellphones.
Moreover, found the researchers, the mobile-phone data was far more responsive to changes in populations over time than traditional methods. Applying the approach to France as well revealed that the population of that country's main cities decreased dramatically during the summer and the country's other holiday periods, with people pouring out of Paris — save for large pockets of people at Disneyland Paris and Charles de Gaulle Airport — and toward France's mountains and coastlines.
"In operational and governmental decisions," Deville and Linard write, "these data may also be valuable for supporting rapid responses to disruptive events or longer-term planning purposes." Mobile-phone mapping could make it easier to provide targeted responses to everything from where to send earthquake relief supplies to where to direct medical treatment to address Ebola.
But one challenge is simply getting the data. Linard says the team has on hand phone data from Senegal and the Ivory Coast, but "we don't have phone data from Liberia at the moment."
Deville and Linard's study fits in a broader debate over the power of mobile phone data, and into whose hands that power should rest. If one of the benefits of a traditional census is that people can stand up and be counted, and thus count, we could seen underrepresented communities demanding their own mobile-phone data from phone companies to show where they're actually living, day in and day out, and what resources they need there.
Nancy Scola is a reporter who covers the intersections of technology and public policy, politics, and governance.

Partners: Josh Katt  KitchfixPartners: Josh Katt, Kitchfix
Partners: Josh Katt, Kitchfix
Josh Katt, founding chef and owner of Kitchfix, says find good partners, "and the money will come after that."
Josh Katt, founding chef and owner of Kitchfix, says find good partners, "and the money will come after that."

Latin America: The party is endingThe party is ending for Latin America
John Paul Rathbone
The region is looking at a slowdown, but things could be worse, says John Paul Rathbone
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e9d02da2-5e9f-11e4-b81d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

For a decade  many congratulated themselves on their achievements. But freewheeling era is drawing to a closeThe party is ending for Latin America
John Paul Rathbone
The region is looking at a slowdown, but things could be worse, says John Paul Rathbone
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e9d02da2-5e9f-11e4-b81d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Middle East: Walled in© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8c71e12c-5eaf-11e4-a807-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Israels plan to build thousands of settler homes in East Jerusalem is sparking international ire© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8c71e12c-5eaf-11e4-a807-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

We must understand Isis to defeat itOctober 30, 2014 6:17 pm
Until we understand Isis, we cannot hope to defeat it
Ed Husain
The jihadis offer a caliphate and death. Our message must be one of life, writes Ed Husain
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/624d8d48-603e-11e4-88d1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bangalore school teacher arrested for allegedly raping 6-year-oldComments
Hundreds of parents and activists staged a demonstration on Friday outside a private school in the city where a teacher allegedly raped a six-year-old girl twice this week— the second such incident in Bengaluru in less than 10 days.
Police say the arrested accused, Jayshankar, visited the local police station on Friday for a background check that’s been made mandatory for employees of all schools in the city following a spate of on-campus rapes.
“He did not know that a rape case had been registered against him that morning. He walked straight into our trap,” said a police officer.
The child’s parents took her to a doctor after she complained of pain in her private parts on two consecutive days. Police are also contemplating action against the gynaecologist who confirmed the girl had been raped but did not alert them.
The 35-year-old school’s chairman went into hiding a few hours after the crime was reported on Thursday, while the BJP alleged the ruling Congress was trying to shield the institute management.
Police also said the school had not implemented safety measures prescribed by authorities.
The case emerged about ten days after a nursery student was allegedly sexually assaulted in another city school.
The same day, October 21, charges were framed in the Vibgyor International School incident from July where a six-year-old girl was gang-raped, triggering nationwide outrage.
(With agency inputs)

M&M Q2 net profit falls 4%  hit by poor monsoonM&M reports 4 per cent decline in Q2 net profit for FY15
Agencies     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 31, 2014  | 15:36 IST
During the reporting quarter, revenue from the automotive segment stood at Rs 6,135.69 crore. (Photo: Reuters)
Mahindra and Mahindra, the homegrown automaker, on Friday posted a 4.33 per cent drop in net profit for the quarter ended September 30, 2014, missing analyst estimates, after a poor and delayed monsoon hit demand for the company's tractors .
Mahindra, the country's largest utility vehicle maker, reported a net profit of Rs 947 crore ($154 million) for Q2 in the current fiscal compared with Rs 990 crore in the year-ago period, the automaker said on Friday.
Net sales of the company rose about 7 per cent to Rs 9,418 crore.
During the reporting quarter, revenue from the automotive segment stood at Rs 6,135.69 crore, an increase of 6.14 per cent as compared to Rs 5,780.52 crore in same quarter a year ago.
Meanwhile, revenue from farm equipment in Q2 of FY15 was at Rs 3,406.73 crore, up 8.23 per cent as against Rs 3,147.64 in the corresponding period in the previous fiscal.
Mahindra and Mahindra's scrip was trading 2.29 per cent up  at Rs 1,317.15 a piece during afternoon session on the Bombay Stock Exchange.

WPP revenues beat forecastsWPP growth slows in third quarter
Robert Cookson
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/545c5774-60d3-11e4-894b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hands-free driving We are not amused.By Ashley Halsey III October 31 Follow @ashleyhalsey3rd
 
Most Americans have heard that the era of the driverless car looms just over the horizon, but they’re not eager to use one because they fear that giving up the steering wheel just isn’t safe.
The University of Michigan’s Brandon Schoettle and Michael Sivak surveyed people globally and in the United States to see whether they are mentally prepared for the automotive evolution that within 10 to 15 years is expected to put hands-free cars on the road.
The simple answer: most of them, no.
Though experts point out that more than 90 percent of crashes are caused by driver error, and most suggest that letting computers take control will be a life-saving safety advance, not everyone surveyed agreed.
Most Americans thought there might be fewer crashes , and that crashes were likely to be less severe. Almost two-thirds said they’d be concerned about driving or riding in a car where the driver could take control back from the computer in some situations.
But 82 percent said they would be concerned about the safety of a vehicle that was totally autonomous and didn’t allow for driver control. More than half said they were very concerned about the safety of that sort of vehicle. The fear of those “hands-off” cars covered a myriad of areas.
Some were concerned about who would be liable in a crash (77 percent). Some worried that hackers could play havoc with the car’s computers (71 percent). Some worried about invasions of privacy (69 percent). Some were concerned about how driverless cars would interact with cars that had drivers (76 percent). Some thought they would put pedestrians or cyclists at risk (75 percent). Some worried they wouldn’t perform well in bad weather (73 percent). Some thought humans could do a better job (73 percent).
And some were concerned that self-driving vehicles could be confused by unexpected situations (82 percent).
Unlike humans?

When technology ends the little white lieBy Gary Shapiro October 31
Get ready for that smartphone to know your true feelings. (Michael Nagle/Bloomberg)
In just a few weeks, the next installment of “The Hunger Games” will arrive in movie theaters. The latest in a long line of films to depict a future all-knowing or controlling government — think “1984” or “Minority Report” — the dystopian tale will likely be a runaway hit. But the power to seem all-knowing – or at least know more than do now – may soon lie in technology that’s already in the palm of your hand.
We are nearing a point where our smartphones will be able to recognize a face or voice, in real life or on-screen. And identification is only the most basic of the possibilities. Many app-makers are experimenting with software that can also analyze – able to determine someone’s emotions or honesty just by a few facial cues.
This interpersonal assessment technology promises to make our lives easier. For instance, facial recognition technology can allow people to get immediate and amazing customer service. If a restaurant or retailer can identify me before I walk in the door, it would be able to identify me as a returning customer, accessing my favorite dishes or products. I would be greeted like an old friend (whether I were, or not).
Similarly, algorithms are now being developed that link thousands of facial cues with human emotions. Our brains do this naturally – we know without asking whether someone is happy or upset based only on their expressions. Law enforcement and poker players take this a step further, using facial cues to determine someone’s honesty. But with technology augmenting our brain’s natural behavior – possibly providing direct, measurable and verifiable input – we can produce measurable and verifiable data. As sensors move from our smartphones to activity trackers to smartwatches from  Apple and  Samsung , we are measuring more than ever and are not far off from continuously tracking our emotions. And software is now in development to interpret people’s emotions,  then project the results via an app onto a screen such as Google Glass.
Technology can also analyze the human voice to determine emotion – again, not just mimicking, but surpassing our brain’s abilities.  Moodies , an app  developed by Beyond Verbal , is able to detect a speaker’s mood based on nothing more than a voice. Worldwide call centers are testing the technology to help operators determine whether callers are upset and likely to switch their business to a competitor.
There are also some potentially negative consequences. If you can simply run a person’s image and voice through an app to determine their emotions and veracity, we will have to adjust as a society. Many of our daily interactions are built on small lies: “So happy to see you”, “Of course I remember you,” and “This is the best (food, activity or place).” In other words, society’s function is smoothed by little white lies – do we really want to eliminate that?
As we uncover our deceptions – implicit and explicit, including those of which we have convinced even ourselves – a market for technology that hides our emotions will arise. Entrepreneurs may create “emotion-cloaking devices.” Facial coverings may become more popular. Perhaps there’ll be sanctuaries where no devices are allowed, either by custom or law — an atmosphere akin to how we now feel about taking pictures in public bathrooms and kids’ classrooms.
One thing is for sure: politics is in for a major overhaul. With every smartphone possessing a virtual lie-detector test, elected officials will need to be creative in the ways they talk to us. In fact, my fear is the most insecure and most powerful politicians will resist, and quickly seek to regulate or restrict these technologies — ignoring their obvious good — in a hidden but discoverable attempt to preserve their own power and half-truths.
Ready or not, technologies are quickly arriving, which allow us to assess other people to a degree of accuracy we never before imagined. While by no means a cure for Alzheimer’s — at least in the disease’s early stages — facial recognition software could supplement a sufferer’s slowly deteriorating memory and help recall acquaintances, friends and loved ones.
Before we rush to decry these assessment technologies, we must also consider their incredible array of benefits. If this “recognition revolution” can indeed realize its potential, won’t it absolutely be worth a little uncertainty today?

AbbVie Hikes Forecast  Tops Street ExpectationsThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Obamas ratings show that voters care about inequalityBy Max Ehrenfreund October 31 Follow @MaxEhrenfreund
Linda Davidson / The Washington Post
President Obama has spent the past few weeks reminding voters all over the country that the economy is on the mend. "By almost every economic measure, we are better off today than we were when I took office," he said last month, a tribute to President Reagan's famously effective campaign slogan.
Obama is right. Home prices are up, stock prices are way up, and businesses keep on hiring. The economy is in the longest period of uninterrupted job growth ever . You might think that Thursday's quarterly report from the Bureau of Economic Analysis would bolster his case further. Gross domestic product grew a reasonable 3.5 percent last quarter, and while there were some worrisome points in the data, things certainly could be much worse.
If you have to go around telling people that they're better off, though, then you have a problem. Obama's problem is that recent economic growth has largely benefited the very rich, while  median incomes and wages have hardly grown. That is, the middle class is actually worse off than when Obama took office. Only 42 percent of Americans approve of his handling of the economy, according to a new poll by The Washington Post-ABC News .
The reasons that the United States is becoming a less equal country are still being debated, and whatever they are, it's clear Americans are frustrated that they are not broadly enjoying the fruits of economic growth. Obama stopped talking about economic inequality this year, as polling data showed that the topic made people uncomfortable. This is America, after all.
But as Obama's approval ratings show, very few of us are comfortable with the current environment. Rather, voters are insisting on shared growth, and Obama is not longer openly espousing it. Even if talking too loudly about inequality might not be a winning strategy at the polls, enacting policies that actually reduce it will be. Democrats and Republicans alike should keep that point in mind as they formulate their agenda for the next two years.
What's in Wonkbook: 1) Economy grows 3.5 percent  2) Opinions: Japan's mistakes, Ben Bradlee and Kennedy, weather forecasts 3) Ebola nurse defies quarantine  4) Happy Halloween 5) Brookings's donors, state ballot initiatives, elections in Texas, health care in Mississippi and more
Number of the day: 20 percent. That's the proportion of early voters in Georgia, North Carolina, Colorado and Iowa who did not vote in the last election -- an encouraging sign for Democrats. Nate Cohn in  The New York Times .
Chart of the day: 
 
Democrats are just generally more skittish than Republicans, according to a survey on what Americans fear. The difference is especially noticeable with clowns, who are twice as likely to frighten Democrats. Christopher Ingraham for The Washington Post .
1. Top story: Some relatively good news on third quarter economic growth
Declining imports and increasing military spending drove growth. The economy grew at a modest pace -- a 3.5 percent annual rate -- despite turmoil abroad. Nick Timiraos in  The Wall Street Journal .
Primary source: The full GDP release .
The economy had a fun summer, but what comes next? Much of the growth came from increasing exports, but American manufacturers could lose business if the dollar continues to gain value relative to other currencies. Meanwhile, other components of GDP were disappointing: personal spending and business investment remained subdued, and the housing market was still surprisingly weak. Neil Irwin in  The New York Times .
All in all, the recovery continues to be predictably mediocre. Final sales to domestic purchasers, a figure which is less affected by winter weather and weakness overseas, has held steady at around 2 percent for the past two years. It was 2.4 percent this quarter, which might be the beginning of a real improvement if you're an optimist. Matt O'Brien in The Washington Post .
At least we don't live in Europe. With overseas economies faltering, the world is relying on the American recovery to drive global growth. There's one important caveat: "It's unclear if the United States can lift up other struggling economies -- or will be pulled down by them." Chico Harlan in  The Washington Post .
2. Top opinions: Repeating Japan's mistakes, Ben Bradlee and JFK, health care, weather forecasts
KRUGMAN: Western economists owe Japan an apology. After criticizing the policies that allowed Japan to lose two decades of economic growth, economists in Europe and the United States saw their own countries make the exact same mistakes that Japan did -- but more aggressively. The New York Times .
KRAUTHAMMER: The midterm is referendum on an incompetent president. A series of failures at government agencies, an increasingly intrusive surveillance state, and a sense of America's weakness abroad will motivate citizens to vote against the president's party. So will an economy that has left most people unsatisfied.  The Washington Post .
YORK: Ben Bradlee's relationship with President Kennedy compromised his integrity. A journalist can't be friends with the people he or she is responsible for covering impartially -- especially the most important people. Bradlee wanted Kennedy to be more than just a source.  The Washington Examiner .
DELONG: While the rich are getting richer, the poor are getting better health care. It's difficult to say how much better off poor and middle-class Americans are. Incomes are growing rapidly for the wealthy, but health care provided by government makes up most of the difference for those in the economy's lower tiers. That's not much, but it's something.  Project Syndicate .
KATHRYN MILES: We all depend on accurate weather forecasts, but Congress refuses to pay for them. The National Weather Service's communications systems are prone to malfunction. Hundreds of crucial posts are vacant, and the staff need additional training and resources. These problems make it less likely the service will issue accurate forecasts, which are an issue of national security. In a storm, we depend on them for our safety.  The New York Times .
3. Nurse defies Ebola quarantine -- with a bike ride
Maine will take legal action to force Kaci Hickox to stay at home. The nurse -- who has tested negative for Ebola -- went for a bike ride on Thursday. Gov. Paul LePage said he would use his authority to force her to remain under quarantine. Mark Berman and Brady Dennis in  The Washington Post . 
A local pizzeria tried to deliver a pizza to Hickox. But it took about 20 hours. The Moose Shack wanted to thank Hickox for her work combating Ebola overseas, but lengthy negotiations with local police preceded the delivery. Sarah Kliff for  Vox .
It's hard to know whether a judge would rule in favor of Hickox, who has retained a lawyer. Public health authorities have wide latitude to quarantine people who might be sick and contagious, but Hickox is healthy. Russell Berman in The Atlantic .
Hickox's stand will have consequences for health policy nationwide. Officials in other states will be watching closely to see where the courts say their authority begins and ends. In the meantime, the way Maine and New Jersey have treated Hickox since she flew home has been less than encouraging to other American doctors and nurses whose help West Africa urgently needs. Josh Sanburn in Time .
4. Happy Halloween!
Being scared feels good. Fright releases a set of pleasure-inducing hormones, which is one reason why so many people enjoy watching horror films.  The Economist . 
In Washington, people can't let the politics go, even for one night. The Government Furlough, the Binder Full of Women and Monica Lewinsky are examples of popular costumes in the nation's capital. Halloween presents a challenge this year, though, since none of the major stories in the news are all that funny. Ellen McCarthy in  The Washington Post .
In Mexico, Halloween is not a joke. The Day of the Dead is a much more ghoulish holiday. The country's ancient inhabitants believed that there was no firm boundary dividing life from death, and death's ubiquitous presence in Mexican life in recent years makes that belief contemporary. This year, for example, authorities are still searching for the 43 students kidnapped by a cartel in Guerrero. Leon Krauze in The New Republic .
5. In case you missed it
Fundraising and expansion at Brookings have given donors a chance to try to set the agenda. Access to the elite institution's researchers is highly prized by lobbyists and their clients, but the think tank says that it still protects its scholars' independence, and that donors don't control the results of their work. Tom Hamburger and Alexander Becker in  The Washington Post .
Voters will decide on several important ballot initiatives, from legalizing marijuana to funding transportation. There are also a few less important ones, such as the title of Montana's insurance commissioner, who is officially the "State Auditor." The legislature is asking voters for a second time whether they'll consider giving her a title that is less confusing. Josh Barro in  The New York Times .
Texas's voting laws could be put under federal supervision once again. The Supreme Court struck down the part of the Voting Rights Act that automatically put much of the South's voting laws under federal supervision and gave the Department of Justice authority to veto new election laws in advance. The court, however, did not strike down another provision that gives judges the power to place states under this form of supervision if they engage in racial discrimination against voters. The district judge in Texas's most recent voter I.D. case has already laid out plenty of evidence that the state was doing so willfully, and a future hearing could restore the Justice Department's authority over Texas's elections. In other words, "the most important ruling in the case is yet to come." Richard Hasen for Talking Points Memo .
Mississippi is the one state where the uninsurance rate has gone up. "There are wide swaths of Mississippi where the Affordable Care Act is not a reality," one health official says. What went wrong? Incompetence, infighting and ideology hamstrung Obamacare in a state where many could have benefited from it. Sarah Varney in  Politico Magazine with Kaiser Health News.
The so-called "outside groups" created by Citizens United are anything but. Campaigns coordinate openly with outside groups through loopholes in election law. In North Carolina, Thom Tillis's campaign issued a public memo describing in detail the campaign's strategic needs, a common tactic to get around laws barring coordination. In Oregon, one candidate's reported boyfriend ran an outside group on her behalf. Alex Roarty and Shane Goldmacher in  National Journal .
Climate scientists are playing down the dangers of global warming. The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change is careful not to cause any controversy with its predictions. If you look carefully at its projections on sea level rise, for example, you find that its estimate for the increase in sea level is actually lower than what the data suggest. Chris Mooney in  The Washington Post .
Max Ehrenfreund is a blogger on the Financial desk and writes for Know More and Wonkblog.

Social media portals apply for .ooo domainSocial media portals apply for ‘.ooo’ domain
Our Bureau
Tweet
Ahmedabad, Oct 31:  
The newly launched generic ‘.ooo’ (dot-triple-o) domain, introduced by e-commerce firm, Infibeam.com has caught the fancy of netizens. Going by the claims of the company, it has received registrations for the domains of almost all the prominent social media portals.
“We have received applications for the domain registrations for all social media portals. We are in the process to approve their applications and allot a .ooo domain for the respective portals,” said Vishal Mehta, founder and CEO, Infibeam.com at the announcement of the launch of the new generic top level domain (GTLD). Mehta, however declined to name any of the portals that have applied citing legal restrictions.
He mentioned that since the launch in September last week so far about 34,000 brands have shown interest in the .ooo domain registration.
According to Mehta, the domain, seen as a mobile-friendly domain for reduced usage of multiple keys to type, will see about 1-2 million global registration over the next 18 months.
“From India alone we expect about 100,000 to 200,000 domain registrations taking place under .ooo domain,” he told media persons here.
Infibeam will associate with registrar partners and power their customers with more value added services through their technology platform. Bigrock (India), Superregistry (Canada), IP Mirror (Singapore), Goodluck Domains (USA) Comlaude (London are some of the leading registrar partners the company has associated with.
The domain will be made available for generic use ranging from corporation to general public worldwide.
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

Duleep Trophy final: On Day 3  Central Zone sneak their waybackPrint
Fazal was looking to make amends for getting out on 49 in the first innings and he pulled anything short on offer. (Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
Written by Siddhartha Sharma | New Delhi | Posted: October 31, 2014 6:37 pm | Updated: October 31, 2014 10:26 pm
After having done all the hard work in the first two sessions on the third day of the Duleep Trophy final, irresponsible batting display in the final session left Central Zone staring at a possible defeat as they ended proceedings at 214/4. Central cruised past South Zone’s lead of 103 in the post lunch session, but three quick wickets in the evening have once again pushed them on the back foot. They still lead South Zone by 111 runs in the second innings but the picture looks grim for Central Zone as they will have to bat for at least the entire fourth day to be able to stretch the match to the final day.
After South Zone were bowled out for 379, Central Zone batters walked in with a different attitude. With the Kotla wicket showing signs of wear and tear, openers Faiz Fazal and Jalaj Saxena had no problems facing the South Zone pace battery.
Unlike in the first innings, where the pacers troubled Saxena throughout his 43-ball stay, the opener looked in a positive mood. He drove wholeheartedly through the off side and made sure no easy ball went to waste. Saxena, however, couldn’t transform his form from the Duleep semifinal (where he scored 116) in the first innings at Kotla, but in the second he looked poised to score another hundred.
Fazal, on the other end, looked unperturbed and showed a confident and stylish approach. Because he keeps playing with a straighter bat, his straight drives are a delight to watch. In his knock of 72, he displayed the shot twice while he also used the square cut to his advantage.
Little help for seamers
South Zone skipper Vinay Kumar tried to repeat the ploy he had used in the first innings by sticking to the off-stump corridor. But no swing and zero movement off the track made the pacers look innocuous. Instead, both Fazal and Saxena milked boundaries. After seven overs, the spinners were introduced but Fazal dominated them from the start and kept the scorecard ticking. Central were cruising at six runs an over by the end of 10 overs and it seemed they might make a match of it.
Central went past South’s 103-run lead in just 27 overs.
Having completed their individual fifties against spinners, both Fazal and Saxena knew they will have to put a premium on their wickets if Central have to post a big total.
But in the 38th over, when both looked set for three figure marks, Pragyan Ojha found his spot, trapping Saxena in front. Though the opener made the decision look doubtful, the fact was that at 128, Ojha had continued…

Harley Davidson launches Breakout  Street Glide and CVOLimitedThe CVO Limited is priced at Rs. 49.23 lakh, making it the most expensive Harley Davidson motorcycle on sale.
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 31, 2014 6:34 pm
Harley Davidson has included three more models to it’s Indian lineup of motorcycles, by launching the Breakout, Street Glide and CVO Special here in India. Out of these three motorcycles, the Breakout will be assembled at the company’s assembly plant at Bawal in Haryana, while the other two, the Street Glide and CVO Special, will be brought to India and sold here as completely built units (CBUs). With this, there are now a total of 13 different motorcycles from the stable of Harley Davidson to choose from.
At Rs.16.28 lakh (ex-showroom, Delhi), the Breakout is the most affordable one out of these three models, which is the range topping model of it’s Softail lineage of motorcycles. Powering the motorcycle is a a four-stroke, Twin Cam 96, 1,690cc engine, which is capable of producing 129Nm of torque at 3,000rpm. The Breakout boasts of hidden rear suspension and rakish and aggressive handlebars, which are meant to be typical traits of all motorcycles from the Softail family.
The second product, the Street Glide, is a fully loaded motorcycle from the touring family of Harley Davidson motorcycles. The Street Glide is fitted with a four-stroke, Twin Cam 96, 1,690cc engine, which is capable of producing 136Nm of torque at 3,000rpm. The motorcycle is equipped with ‘Boom’ Box LCD display, adjustable hydraulic suspension, panniers attached to the sides and a linked ABS system. The Street Glide is priced at Rs. 29.7 lakh (ex-showroom, Delhi).
For all the motorcycle lovers who want sheer exclusivity and presence wherever they go, the third motorcycle on the list, CVO Limited, fulfills their wish list. The motorcycle is finely handcrafted with high levels of ‘attention-to-detail’. The CVO Limited is blessed with a twin-cooled, twin-cam, 1,800cc engine, which belts out 155Nm of torque at 3,750rpm. The long list of lavish features on this flagship motorcycle includes a ‘Boom’ Box LCD display and two speakers, luggage compartments, arm rests for pillion riders and many more. The CVO Limited is priced at Rs. 49.23 lakh (ex-showroom Delhi), making it the most expensive Harley Davidson motorcycle on sale.

Somali pirates free Indian sailors after four years in captivitySomali pirates free Indian sailors after four years
Reuters  Mogadishu, October 31, 2014
First Published: 18:01 IST(31/10/2014) | Last Updated: 20:51 IST(31/10/2014)
Comments
Somali pirates freed seven Indian sailors in exchange for an undisclosed ransom, Somali officials and a maritime monitoring group said on Friday. These sailors had been detained for close to four years.
At one time the pirates made millions of dollars in ransoms from seizing ships sailing the Horn of Africa nation's waters, but increased patrols by international navies on the Indian Ocean have reduced incidences of piracy.
The sailors, held since the pirates hijacked the Panama-flagged ship MV Asphalt Venture in September 2010, were freed on Thursday. Eight of their colleagues were freed by the pirates along with the ship in April 2011 for a ransom.
Their captors said at the time that they would only release the seven sailors when their fellow Somali pirates held by Indian authorities were freed.
It was not clear if their demand had been met.
Kenyan-based Ecoterra International, which monitors maritime activity on the Indian Ocean, confirmed the sailors' release.
"The remaining seven hostages...  were finally freed by their captors against a ransom and arrived in Mogadishu, the capital of Somalia, from where they will be flown directly to India," Ecoterra said in a statement.
Regional government officials were involved in the release of the sailors from their captivity in the town of Haradheere in central Somalia, officials said.
The last major hijacking incident off Somalia was early this year, when pirates seized a merchant ship in the Red Sea. This  was the first successful hijacking in the region since 2012.
At the height of Somali pirate attacks in 2011, up to a dozen or more merchant ships were being held captive at any one time, often for multi million-dollar ransoms.

Dhoni is a calm and extraordinary character: AdamGilchristPrint
Gilchrist did not agree with Ian Chappell's demand for Dhoni relinquishing Test captaincy and hand over the reins to Virat Kohli. (Source: PTI)
By: Press Trust of India | Bengaluru | Posted: October 31, 2014 7:16 pm | Updated: October 31, 2014 7:17 pm
Former Australia wicketkeeper Adam Gilchrist today said he did not agree with his countryman Ian Chappell’s demand for Mahendra Singh Dhoni relinquishing Test captaincy and hand over the reins to Virat Kohli.
“I have said it number of times before that I am very impressed with Dhoni right from the moment he arrived into the scene. He is an amazing captain and has won India T20 and ODI World Cups and also India reached the pinnacle by reaching the number one spot in Test cricket,” he told reporters.
Former Australia captain Chappell had said earlier this month that he did not find Dhoni good enough to be India’s Test captain anymore and said it was time to hand over the reins of the team to Kohli.
Dhoni clearly is a strong leader and a quality all-round cricketer, Gilchrist said adding that he is calm and is an extraordinary character.
Gilchrist said Australia will be one of the favourites to win the 2015 World Cup but there could be three or four other contenders.
“I think Australia will be one of the favourites in the start of the World Cup tournament. Don’t know there is one favourite. Any number of three or four teams could win the World Cup,” he added.
Asked about India’s chances in the upcoming Test series in Australia, Gilchrist said all the teams hold the home ground advantage at the moment and that is reflected in the performances of India, England and Australia.
“As of now the teams are maintaining home ground advantage at the moment. You can see Australia, India and England – they have not done well abroad,” he said.
Regarding India he said, “I am sure India and Virat Kohli would have addressed themselves and checked their mistakes, and are ready for the Australian heat,” he said.
Gilchrist further said he did not find any problems with the Indian batting line-up.
“I don’t see any reason why the (Indian) batting line-up shouldn’t be successful. I don’t know the wicket will have steep bounce and do something sideways.” he said.
“However, everything depends on the mental set-up of a team,” he added.
Will the absence of players like Sunil Naraine, if he is not cleared for his dubious bowling action, affect competitiveness in the World Cup to be played in Australia, Gilchrist said the game is bigger than individuals.
“There was a time when Sir Donald Bradman left the scene. Even we have seen Sachin Tendulkar leave the game, but the cricket goes on,” he said.
Earlier, Gilchrist introduced the second recipient of the annual Bradman Scholarship for a talented Indian cricketer to study at the University.
This year’s winner is Alankrit Jangid of Jaipur. Alankrit was a talented junior cricketer who represented his school and Rajasthan continued…

Jharkhand: JMM-Congress allianceendsPrint
Written by Deepu Sebastian Edmond | Ranchi | Posted: October 31, 2014 7:13 pm
Pre-election seat-sharing talks between the JMM and Congress broke down in Delhi on Friday, ending a 15-month-old grand alliance that led to the JMM blaming three Congress leaders of sabotaging the deal for personal gains and accusing their party of effectively handing the BJP a walkover in the impending assembly polls here.
The Congress later announced it would contest for the state’s 81 seats along with the RJD and JD(U). It also stepped up its efforts to bring former RSS man and chief minister Babulal Marandi along with its party into its fold.
The JMM has announced it will contest on its own, opening up the possibility of post-poll bargaining with others. “Everyone knows [Congress’s Pradeep] Balmuchu-ji, [Alamgir] Alam saheb and Furkan [Ansari] saheb are responsible for this along with Girinath-ji [Singh, state president of RJD],” said JMM general secretary Surpiyo Bhattacharya. Outgoing chief minister Hemant Soren had been camping in Delhi since Tuesday to thrash out a seat-sharing formula. “The Congress is in a mood to give the BJP a walkover here,” said JMM secretary Vinod Pandey, implying the BJP – already in a position of strength here – is set to gain from the Congress’s decision.
Sources in the Congress as well as JMM said the straw that broke the camel’s back was the dispute over four assembly seats, three of them in the Santhal Pargana region. While Pradeep Balmuchu, a Rajya Sabha member who was the former Pradesh Congress President, wants his daughter from Ghatshila. Alamgir Alam wants Pakur, while Furkan Ansari wants to contest from Madhupur while ensuring his son contested from Jamtara.
All four seats that the Congress insisted on is being held by the JMM. RJD’s Singh wants to contest from Garhwa, where he came second the last time. The paranoia about the future of the alliance eventually got to JMM’s Mithilesh Thakur – who had come third last time when the Congress and JMM fought separately – who hurried to submit his nomination papers even before his party formally nominated him so that he would be ahead of Singh. This also meant Thakur was the first to submit nomination papers in the state.
“Some of our senior leaders were at risk of losing their seats. We had to save the party as well as the honour of our senior leaders,” said B.K. Hariprasad, the Congress General Secretary and in-charge of the state, not hiding his disappointment. Hariprasad had drawn the ire of the Pradesh Congress’s extended Working Committee on October 27 for his October 15 announcement that his party would be part of an alliance led by Hemant Soren.
Sources in both parties say their leaders had broadly agreed to the number of seats each would contest from: JMM had offered 40 seats to the Congress on the understanding that the latter would allocate seats to the RJD and JD (U) from its quota. In the Lok Sabha elections, the JMM had allocated 10 of Jharkhand’s 14 seats to the Congress, one of which it passed on to the continued…

Bayern Munich CEO Rummenigge heaps praise on BorussiaDortmundBayern CEO Karl-Heinz Rummenigge, whose team have snapped up Mario Goetze and Robert Lewandowski from Dortmund in two years and have also set their sights on Marco Reus. (Source: AP)
By: Reuters | Munich | Posted: October 31, 2014 6:55 pm
Borussia Dortmund, languishing in 15th place in the Bundesliga, received an unexpected pep talk from league rivals Bayern Munich, despite icy relations between the two clubs who face each other in the league on Saturday.
Bayern CEO Karl-Heinz Rummenigge, whose team have snapped up Mario Goetze and Robert Lewandowski from Dortmund in two years and have also set their sights on Marco Reus, has been locked in a war of words with Dortmund officials for months.
Rummenigge infuriated Dortmund when he publicly revealed the amount of Reus’ buyout clause at Dortmund a few months ago.
Earlier this week Rummenigge had made his latest advance for Reus, saying Bayern “could potentially be interested” in signing the talented Germany international.
The strained ties have also led to the traditional pre-game lunch between both clubs’ bosses to be scrapped.
On Friday, however, Rummenigge heaped praise on Dortmund, saying the Ruhr valley club was still a heavy hitter in the Bundesliga despite their dip in form.
“Even with Borussia Dortmund facing some problems in the league, the league table does alter the importance of this game,” he told the club’s magazine.
“I am certain that Dortmund will easily qualify for the Champions League this season and that is a good thing,” said Rummenigge, a former Germany captain and Bayern striker.
Last season’s runners-up Dortmund, who won the Bundesliga in 2011 and the domestic double in 2012 before reaching the Champions League final in 2013, have lost six of their nine league this season and are 14 points behind leaders Bayern.
They are, however, top of their Champions League group with three wins form three games.
“German football needs stable teams and even though club bosses at both clubs have had better relations in the past, I am saying this with full conviction: I have great respect for Borussia Dortmund.”
“I see Bayern and Dortmund as the engines of the Bundesliga,” he said.

Dow  S&P surge into record territory after Japan stimulusDow, S&P surge into record territory after Japan stimulus
By AFP | 31 Oct, 2014, 07.40PM IST
The Dow and S&P 500 surged into fresh record territory in opening trade Friday after the Bank of Japan's surprise stimulus move lifted global equity markets.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: The Dow and S&P 500 surged into fresh record territory in opening trade Friday after the Bank of Japan's surprise stimulus move lifted global equity markets.
About 20 minutes into trade, the Dow Jones Industrial Average stood at 17,321.10, up 125.68 points (0.73 percent).
The S&P 500 rose 14.53 (0.73 percent) to 2,009.18, while the tech-rich Nasdaq Composite Index was up 55.77 (1.22 percent) to 4,621.91.
The Dow rushed past 17,355 to a new intraday high at the open before settling back slightly, and was about 40 points above its closing record.
Meanwhile the S&P 500 was about two points shy after earlier topping the 2,011.36 peak set six weeks ago.
The BoJ said on Friday it would add up to 20 trillion yen ($182 billion) to its current asset-buying scheme, bringing it to 80 trillion yen annually, in an unexpected shift aimed at reviving growth just as the US Federal Reserve winds down its own stimulus spree.
Japan's Nikkei 225 soared nearly five percent, while bourses in Britain, France and Germany were all up at least one percent.
"Just as the Fed takes away the punch bowl, the BoJ has turned up with a crate of sake," said Capital Spreads dealer Jonathan Sudaria.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

No plans to shelve Odisha project: Posco-Ind...Gee Woong Sung
(Posco-India today said…)
BHUBANESWAR: Posco-India today said it has no plans to withdraw from the proposed mega steel plant project worth Rs 52,000 crore near Paradip in Odisha, which has seen a little progress during a span of over nine years.
"No... Never.. there is no such plan," Posco-India chairman-cum-managing director Gee Woong Sung told reporters here after meeting Chief Secretary G C Pati.
Even as Posco-India and the state government termed the meeting as a "courtesy call" between the new Chief Secretary and the new CMD, the talks between Sung and Pati was held in the backdrop of the Centre recently seeking more clarifications from the state government on the Khandadhar iron mines in Sundargarh district.
"The meeting with the Chief Secretary was positive and meaningful," Sung said before holding talks with the industries secretary.
Asked whether the South Korean steel major had any plans to shelve the project in Odisha in view of little progress during a span of over nine years, Sung clarified they have been waiting for implementation of the Rs 52,000 crore project.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Housing prices rise in 18 cities by up to 3....Ahmedabad
(In the national capital,…)
NEW DELHI: Housing prices appreciated in 18 major cities by up to 3.9 per cent in April-June over the preceding quarter while property rates fell in six cities including Delhi, according to National Housing Bank (NHB).
In the national capital, housing prices dropped by 3 per cent during the first quarter of this fiscal compared with the January-March 2014.
Maximum price increase was witnessed in Pune by 3.9 per cent, while Chandigarh saw highest fall of 4.4 per cent, according to NHB's 'RESIDEX'.
NHB had launched housing index 'RESIDEX' in July 2007 to track the movement of housing prices on a quarterly basis. It currently covers 26 cities. Prices in two cities -- Hyderabad and Raipur -- remained stagnant.
"The movement in prices of residential properties for the quarter April-June, 2014 has shown marginal increasing trend in 18 cities ranging from 0.5 per cent in Bhubaneswar to 3.9 per cent in Pune, and fall in 6 cities ranging from -0.5 per cent in Lucknow to -4.4 per cent in Chandigarh in comparison to the previous quarter January-March, 2014," NHB said in a statement.
The appreciation in property prices in majority of cities tracked by NHB comes at a time when the domestic real estate sector is reeling under a lingering slowdown for last 2-3 years.
Maximum increase was observed in Pune (3.9 per cent) followed by Coimbatore (3.5 per cent), Indore (3.3 per cent), Guwahati (3.2 per cent), Patna (2.7 per cent) and Kolkata (2.4 per cent).
Housing prices appreciated in Ahmedabad by 1.91 per cent, Vijayawada (1.88 per cent), Mumbai (1.75 per cent), Chennai (1.72 per cent), Ludhiana (1.4 per cent), Bhopal (1.3 per cent), Kochi (1.2 per cent), Jaipur (0.99 per cent), Faridabad (0.96 per cent), Bengaluru (0.93 per cent), Nagpur (0.6 per cent) and Bhubaneswar (0.5 per cent).
"Six cities have shown decline in prices over the previous quarter with maximum fall observed in Chandigarh (-4.4 per cent) followed by Meerut (-3.6 per cent), Delhi (-3 per cent), Surat (-2.4 per cent), Dehradun (-2.1 per cent) and Lucknow (-0.5 per cent)," NHB said.
The Residex for the quarter April-June, 2014 has taken into account the price trends for residential properties in different locations and zones in each city and is based upon the transaction data received from Central Registry of Securitisation Asset Reconstruction and Security Interest of India (CERSAI).
The data based on actual transactions are put through a model that depicts the trend in the market, NHB said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://usat.ly/1q8l4zkHot or not? Starbucks delivery won't be easy, say experts
Starbucks will offer a delivery option on its mobile app in select areas next year.
Post to Facebook
Hot or not? Starbucks delivery won't be easy, say experts Starbucks will offer a delivery option on its mobile app in select areas next year. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1tHLtIX
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
10
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Hot or not? Starbucks delivery won't be easy, say experts
USA Today Network Bruce Horovitz and Jolie Lee, USA TODAY 2:45 p.m. EDT October 31, 2014
New yorkers react to Starbucks' announcement of delivery service launching in 2015.
In this March 19, 2014, photo, Sandy Roberts, Starbucks strategy manager for global coffee engagement, pours samples of coffee for shareholders and other guests at Starbucks' annual shareholders meeting in Seattle.
(Photo: Ted S. Warren, AP)
5325 CONNECT 493 TWEET 152 LINKEDIN 10 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Experts are scratching their heads wondering how Starbucks will possibly pull off  delivery.
On Thursday, CEO Howard Schultz announced plans to offer limited food and beverage delivery in some markets in the second half of 2015. Although he gave no details -- and Starbucks officials are offering few more today -- the delivery option would be tied to its mobile app.
"Imagine the ability to create a standing order of Starbucks delivered hot or iced to your desk daily," said Schultz during a conference call following the coffee giant's third quarter earnings report. "That's our version of e-commerce … on steroids!"
For a company that specializes in serving hot, customized beverages -- and which prides itself on the sensory theater of coffee --any delivery offering would be long, long way from that core, experts say.
A man drinks a Starbucks coffee in New York.
(Photo: Mark Lennihan, AP)
"Delivery breaks the bond between the customer and the Starbuck's 'Third Place' (concept)," says Christopher Muller, professor at Boston University's School of Hospitality Administration, referring to the company's goal to be the third place people go to between work and home. "Maybe sitting at my desk lost in a Proustian reverie with my coffee is good enough, but the experience is certainly not the same."
Even then, says Muller, because of declining retail foot traffic in an Internet age, it might be worth a try. But even then, he says, there would need to be a relatively high minimum order for delivery to make economic sense for Starbucks.  "They can't make it work at an $8 price point," he says.  Any minimum below $15 probably wouldn't work, he says.
Perhaps it will be less a delivery service and something closer to a catering service, suggests Bob Goldin, executive vice president at Technomic, the restaurant industry consulting firm.  "Nothing surprises me, but running up with muffin and Frappuccino for $7 doesn't seem like it could work economically."
Goldin suggests the minimum order would probably need to be closer to $25 -- and it would probably need to be limited to office delivery.
Starbucks cools on quarterly results, outlook
The company doesn't have details yet  about how the delivery option would work, including where it would be available and what kind of delivery fee would be associated with the service.
The service will be built into Starbucks' existing mobile app, said Adam Brotman, Starbucks' chief digital officer, in a phone interview with USA TODAY Network.
Starbucks has been pushing its mobile app that allows customers to place orders ahead of time and pick up their order without waiting.The pre-order option will first be introduced in the Portland area before the end of this year.
Starbucks has already been building a customer-loyalty program through its mobile payment app and says about 15% of all purchases are made with mobile devices.
Follow @JolieLeeDC on Twitter.

The Move  Night of Fear: The Week in One SongComments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
All comments are posted in the All Comments tab.
Get a badge
To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in.
Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
Spam

Whirlpool Q2 net rises over two-fold to Rs 40.72 croreWhirlpool Q2 net rises over two-fold to Rs 40.72 crore
Burkina Faso protests follow army coupTraoré assumes power in Burkina Faso
Javier Blas – Africa Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3906f112-60f3-11e4-894b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

LSE to delist Ranbaxy GDR programme from Dec...Luxembourg Stock Exchange to delist Ranbaxy GDR programme with effect from December 15
PTI Oct 31, 2014, 08.13PM IST
Tags:
Bank of New York Mellon
(Ranbaxy Laboratories today…)
NEW DELHI: Drug firm Ranbaxy Laboratories today said Luxembourg Stock Exchange (LSE) will delist the company's Global Depository Receipts programme with effect from December 15.
In view of the proposed termination of the deposit agreement on December 15, 2014, the LSE will de-list the GDS from the official list and withdraw the trading of GDS on the Euro MTF Market of the LSE with effect from December 15, 2014, Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd said in a filing to the BSE.
The company said it has received a letter from LSE in this regard.
Earlier this month, the company had said that it has notified the Bank of New York Mellon to terminate the Deposit Agreements dated July 7, 1994 and underlying Global Depository Receipts (GDR) programme.
Ranbaxy shares today closed at Rs 632.10 apiece on the BSE, up 1.34 per cent from their previous close.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Luxembourg Stock Exchange to delist Ranbaxy GDR programme with effect from Dec 15Luxembourg Stock Exchange to delist Ranbaxy GDR programme with effect from December 15
PTI Oct 31, 2014, 08.13PM IST
Tags:
Bank of New York Mellon
(Ranbaxy Laboratories today…)
NEW DELHI: Drug firm Ranbaxy Laboratories today said Luxembourg Stock Exchange (LSE) will delist the company's Global Depository Receipts programme with effect from December 15.
In view of the proposed termination of the deposit agreement on December 15, 2014, the LSE will de-list the GDS from the official list and withdraw the trading of GDS on the Euro MTF Market of the LSE with effect from December 15, 2014, Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd said in a filing to the BSE.
The company said it has received a letter from LSE in this regard.
Earlier this month, the company had said that it has notified the Bank of New York Mellon to terminate the Deposit Agreements dated July 7, 1994 and underlying Global Depository Receipts (GDR) programme.
Ranbaxy shares today closed at Rs 632.10 apiece on the BSE, up 1.34 per cent from their previous close.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bring home the factsUpdated: October 31, 2014 20:25 IST
Bring home the facts
NOT SO ROSY The residential property market is marked by rising costs of construction and registration. Photo: P.V. Sivakumar
TOPICS
Home & garden
IIM-B plans to expand the Housing Sentiment Index to cover more cities in the country early next year, writes K.A. Martin
The Housing Sentiment Index (HSI), an Indian Institute of Management, Bangalore (IIM-B) and Magic Bricks initiative, will be expanded to cover more cities in the country early next year, said Venkatesh Panchapagesan, chief faculty coordinator of the programme launched by the IIM-B-Century Real Estate Research Initiative.
The HSI now covers the cities of Chennai, Delhi, Bangalore, Noida, Gurgaon, Hyderabad, Mumbai, Pune, Kolkata, and Ahmadabad, and is based on online surveys of prospective home-buyers. The survey results are released every quarter.
A posting on the HSI on its website said that the response to the initiative had encouraged the inclusion of additional cities. “The increased interest in real estate sector is evident in the launch of some very innovative indexes recently, the case in point being the Housing Startup Index launched by the Reserve Bank of India and the Ministry of Housing and Urban Poverty Alleviation...”
July-September quarter
Results for the July-September quarter 2014 says that home-buyers expect real estate prices to increase over the next six months in the 10 cities covered by the survey. However, the optimism has been reduced as “the percentage of buyers expecting price increase has fallen in eight out of the 10 cities compared to the previous quarter,” the survey results say.
The result indicates that the optimism that prevailed in the days immediately after the general elections has not held up.
The survey notes that while the general economic scenario has improved, the residential property market is marked by rising costs on account of higher cost of construction and the higher cost of registration in some States. These factors have “further increased the hesitancy of consumers to take the plunge and invest in housing”.
The survey notes that despite an optimistic economic outlook, substantial unsold inventory and high borrowing rates have “dampened the real estate markets.”
It also says that with prices ruling high, the prospects of providing “affordable housing for the masses remains a distant dream.”
The results say that the quarter under review is marked by a fall in the BSE Realty Index. The index comprising major players in the realty sector performed poorly during the period, finishing 20 per cent down from the previous quarter.
Other developments in the sector include a Union government move to introduce Real Estate Investment Trusts during the period under review.

Santelli Exchange: Healthy Chicago PMIsantelli exchange: healthy chicago pmi
Politicians love Halloween! Here are 21 examples of just how much.By Jaime Fuller October 31 Follow @j_fuller
It is Halloween, America's strange, sugar-fueled pre-game for Thanksgiving -- the grand opening to the holiday season. However, in even-numbered years, it is also only a few days before the Election, which means that elected officials or aspiring politicians often try to combine the two in a  "charming" way that appeals to voters, who are mostly just sick of these peoples' faces after watching them campaign for months on end.
Sometimes -- ok, most of the time -- the results are just terrifying.
In honor of the holiday, here are photos and tweets of politicians celebrating Halloween or just dressing up at other times -- because, well, they can.
1.
Barack Obama looks at the media taking photo of him and his daughter Sasha, 7, dressed up for Halloween, as they walk on their way to a Halloween party in Chicago, Illinois, October 31, 2008. AFP PHOTO/Emmanuel Dunand
2.
Texas Governor and Republican presidential candidate George W. Bush, wearing an Al Gore Halloween mask, shakes hands with Jay Leno, who wears a George W. Bush mask during a taping of 'The Tonight Show with Jay Leno' in Burbank, California November 30, 2000. REUTERS/Rick Wilking Original
3.
— Mike Grynbaum (@grynbaum) October 28, 2014
4.
US Republican Presidential candidate Mitt Romney holds a campaign rally on Halloween at Metropolitan Park in Jacksonville, Florida, October 31, 2012. AFP PHOTO/Emmanuel DUNAND (Photo credit should read EMMANUEL DUNAND/AFP/Getty Images
5.
President George W. Bush (C) poses with children dressed in Halloween costumes at a campaign rally at Charleston Civic Center Charleston, West Virginia Welcome 31 October 2002. Bush campaigned earlier 31 October in South Dakota and Indiana and is scheduled return to Washington, DC late 31 October. AFP PHOTO/Luke Frazza
6.
Supreme Court Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Antonin Scalia dressed up for the opera. Starring in the opera that is.
Source: The Oyez Project
7.
Vice President Gore and Tipper Gore pose for a halloween photo in costume on the front steps of their residence in Washington, D.C., in this White House handout photo. Halloween is Tuesday night, Oct. 31, 1995. (AP Photo/The White House)
 

A brief history of racial and gender diversity in comic book moviesComments
By Matthew J. Smith October 31
On the left, concept-art released by Marvel Entertainment for its upcoming Black Panther film. On the right, a Warner Bros./DC Entertainment release portraying Wonder Woman.
In the past month, Marvel Studios and DC Entertainment have delivered Christmas early to comic book fans by announcing 19 new superhero films for release between 2016 and 2020. To those impressive numbers, add additional promised offerings from Fox (which holds the license to Marvel’s X-Men and Fantastic Four franchises) and Sony (with rights to Spider-Man). The surge in comic book-based movies is based on a proven track record: Four of the top ten grossing films this year are based on comic books properties, including Guardians of the Galaxy and Captain America: The Winter Soldier. 
What is striking about the upcoming slate is that it is finally bringing diversity to the big screen of comic book movies after a nearly decade long absence. Wonder Woman will finally receive a feature film in 2017, joined by The Black Panther that year, and Marvel’s female powerhouse, Captain Marvel, in 2018.
Wesley Snipes as "Blade." (AP Photo/New Line Cinema, Diyah Pera)
Previously, Shaquille O’Neal, of all people, had broken the race barrier in bringing the comic-book character Steel to movie life in 1997, followed, in short order, by Wesley Snipes’s Blade, the Vampire Hunter, triology. Helen Slater was the first female headliner with Supergirl in 1984, and it was another two decades until Halle Berry played the lead in 2004’s poorly-reviewed Catwoman. Yet almost none of the movies since then – including the two-dozen comic book films of the past two years – has had as a lead a woman or racial minority.
The struggle to portray the full diversity of America is nothing new for the source material for these adaptations, the great American comic book. The great comics innovator Will Eisner gave the heroic lead in The Spirit an African-American sidekick named Ebony White. With his pronounced lips and thick accent, Ebony embodied every offensive stereotype already thrust upon the African-American community in vaudeville, film, and radio. Eisner later expressed regret for playing into those stereotypes, and his peers largely decided to avoid depicting people of color. Of course, no representation may be as bad as misrepresentation. Although superheroes had arrived on the scene with Superman’s debut in 1938, it would be another quarter of a century before a hero of color would appear with the Black Panther’s premiere in 1966.
The superheroines, of course, fared only slightly better. Wonder Woman was not the first superheroine but she is the only one to have enjoyed a nearly continuous publication record that stretches from 1941 to present. Women superheroes continued to populate the pages of American mainstream comics, but mostly as token members of an entourage, such as Sue Storm, the Invisible Woman, as one-quarter of the Fantastic Four. In fact, publishers have had difficulty producing sustained runs of titles with female stars. Aside from Wonder Woman, the most enduring stand-alone female superhero to date has come from Image Comics, whose Witchblade series has been regularly published since 1995. Even many of the most recurring ones have been derivatives of their male counterparts, including Supergirl, Batgirl, Ms. Marvel (following a previous male Captain Marvel), Spider-Woman, and She-Hulk.
Interestingly, the modest number of diverse role models has not dissuaded Americans of all backgrounds from embracing the narratives of personal struggle and ultimate triumph popularized in superhero films. As I boarded the metro bound for the San Diego Convention Center last summer during Comic-Con International, I was followed on board by a pair of five-year-old Latino boys dressed as Captain America and Iron Man. Later, at the Convention Center, I saw numerous women dressed, once again, as Captain America and Iron Man. Despite the fact that the characters are portrayed by stereotypical white men on film, the impact of the narratives is so powerful that people transcend ethnic and gender limitations and embrace the embodiment of the ideals these characters represent.
Historically, superheroes have enjoyed their greatest popularity at times when national confidence is under strain. In comic books, the superheroes’ popularity peaked during World War II, enjoyed a creative renaissance during the turbulent 1960s, and are now meeting a new national hunger for heroes as the country faces military threats from radicalized groups, renewed tension with Cold War adversaries and shadowy cyber-attacks.
In this new climate, I look forward to experiencing a culture in which portrayals of super-powerful people from minorities are standards in the mainstream. On the one hand, could such heroes become even more potent icons for a new Millennial generation that expects diversity? On the other hand, perhaps these heroes will not resonate in quite the same way that icons like Cap do, and we won’t see white boys attired like the Black Panther? That latter outcome would be a shame.
As much as we malign the mass media (and who could be more a part of the mass media than Marvel’s parent company of Disney or DC Entertainment’s, Time Warner), particularly for their frequent shortfalls when it comes to recognizing and representing the diversity of our culture, those creative forces now calling the shots within these corporations may be on to something with this line-up of films. It would have been safer to have filled these slates with even more white, male superheroes, given the public’s appetite for them. But appetites do change with time, and perhaps both Marvel and DC have figured out that the highly diverse fan community will be looking for a wider palate of superheroes to admire — at least by 2017.
Matthew J. Smith, Ph.D., is a professor of communication at Wittenberg University in Springfield, Ohio. In collaboration with Dr. Randy Duncan of Henderson State University and Paul Levitz, former president and publisher of DC Comics, he is the author of the forthcoming The Power of Comics: History, Form and Culture , 2nd Edition.

IOC cuts petrol price by Rs 2.4/ltr  diesel by Rs 2.25/ltrIOC cuts petrol price by Rs 2.4/ltr  diesel by Rs 2.25/ltr
Charge of J&K should have been given to Patel  says GehlotCharge of J&K should have been given to Patel  says Gehlot
After Gadkari  CM Fadnavis accused of riding without helmetAfter Gadkari  CM Fadnavis accused of riding without helmet
ASSOCHAM congratulates Fadnavis on his swearingASSOCHAM congratulates Fadnavis on his swearing
2G PMLA: Dayalu exempted from personal appearance on day of charge2G PMLA: Dayalu exempted from personal appearance on day of charge
Finance Ministry to seek additional Rs 10 000 crore fund for PSBsFinance Ministry to seek additional Rs 10 000 crore fund for PSBs
Relaxo footwears limited has submitted to the exchange the standalone ...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Do you think we will see 8200 before this mad run ends  right now sgx...Platinum Member
251 Followers
sgx or dow will not decide our markets on monday... asian index will decide... steam left only in oil & gas, IT, tech, FMCG, metals... all other index are heavily over-bought.. hence crossing 8380 is like lifting hill above the head.. FII are wise enough to book profit on time...
*SDB 1984*
31st Oct 2014 / 8:50 PM
8.49 PM Oct 31st

Lets not mistake a swelling for a muscle here based on results today. ...Silver Member
4 Followers
Lets not mistake a swelling for a muscle here based on results today. While the intent of the new management is in the right place the only way value will be unlocked is when we see new products that generates higher revenue and drives PAT. only by April 2015 will we see this happen. my target is 350 by Oct 2015 if that happens. The new management needs to curb their cowboy attitude and deliver results. period.

Tara jewels limited has informed the exchange that as per the companys...Platinum Member
5426 Followers
Tara Jewels Limited has informed the Exchange that as per the Companys Code of Conduct for Prohibition of Insider Trading for Designated Employees, framed pursuant to the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 1992, the Trading Window for dealing in the securities of the Company has been closed for the purpose of declaration of Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and half year ending September 30, 2014 for all Designated Employees (incl6uding Directors) of the Company and their dependents from November 01, 2014 till 24 hours after the announcement of the financial results of the Company to the Stock Exchanges (both days inclusive).
8.28 PM Oct 31st  | Track

Chris Cillizza  Aaron Blake and Sean Sullivanchris cillizza  aaron blake and sean sullivan
Non Executive DirectorUp to £5,000
Further information
Do you share our passion and commitment to improving the lot of the world’s poorest farmers?
Do you have the skills, knowledge and experience to contribute to a supportive, high performing and inspiring Board?
Would you welcome the opportunity to serve in a truly international organisation?
If you do, CABI would like to hear from you.
CABI (www.cabi.org) is a not-for-profit development-led organization with a mission to improve people’s lives worldwide by providing information and applying scientific expertise to solve problems in agriculture and the environment. 
Our strength has always been our objective, science-based approach, and we are committed to putting our research into use through development projects that make a real difference to the agricultural practices of poor rural farmers, increasing food security and protecting biodiversity.
Organised under an international treaty level agreement and registered with the UN, we are influenced by government representatives from our 48 member countries who help guide the activities we undertake. These include scientific publishing, development projects and research, and microbial services. We are also leading a major new initiative, Plantwise, which aims to improve food security and the lives of the rural poor by reducing crop losses. 
With a turnover of just over $40M per year, CABI operates on a commercial basis to generate an operating surplus which can be re-invested in projects for the benefit of its member countries and benefits from over 400 staff based in 20 countries, with offices in Brazil, China, India, Ghana, Holland, Kenya, Malaysia, Pakistan, Switzerland, Trinidad & Tobago, the UK and the USA.
CABI
Non Executive Director
With demand for our expertise continuing to rise, appointment to these roles comes at a critical time for the organisation as we seek to achieve our medium term strategy, Vision 2020, and replace members of our existing Board who are coming to the end of their respective terms in office between now and 2016.
In order to achieve this, we seek individuals with board level or senior experience in similarly international and complex orgnisations, who have a broad range of experience in one or more of the following areas: a science based organization, an international business environment, major international project development within multilateral finance and development organizations, and/or strategic involvement with big data, the application of business development models or who come from a finance background ideally within an international context.
You will be expected to demonstrate a combination of intellect, personal presence and standing, communication and listening skills in order to make a cogent, clear and compelling contribution at board level. You will also evidence a personal commitment and empathy consistent with CABI’s mission, values and objectives and be willing to act as an advocate in promoting CABI both within your personal networks and to the wider community.
Residence: Appointees could be potentially resident across the globe and applications from candidates resident in Africa and Asia are particularly welcome. 
Equal Opportunities: All appointments to the board will be made on merit, against criteria and with due regard to the benefits of diversity.
Terms: Non Executive Directors initially serve for a term of three years and receive annual fee of £5,000.
Please click on the link below to view the Appointment Brief.
If you are interested in this opportunity and would like to discuss it in further detail, please contact our advising consultant Philip Nelson or Hanna John at Prospectus on 020 7691 1920.
Closing date: Monday 17 November 
Preliminary interviews with Prospectus: Tuesday 18 to Monday 24 November
Final panel interviews: Tuesday 2 December
All appointments to the board will be made on merit, against objective criteria and with due regard to the benefits of diversity on the board, including gender.
Options

Our Current Justice System Is Tearing Apart Familiesreddit
Family is everything. I've always felt that way, but having a baby this year really drove that truism home.
Being a mother has reinforced and refined my thinking on many issues, including -- believe it or not -- our criminal justice system. That's why I'm supporting Proposition 47 , a California voter initiative that will restore balance to how we approach community safety.
Let me explain. I grew up in a family of journalists -- both parents, two uncles and a grandfather. They and my other relatives instilled, since I was a child, a commitment to critical thinking. Don't believe what you hear; explore and analyze what you encounter to determine your own truth.
This family trait has led me to not only think deeply about societal issues but also to act. Having my son has only increased my desire to do so.
And an issue that clearly needs action right now in California is the reforming of our criminal justice and prison systems. Our over-reliance on incarceration for non-violent crimes has destroyed families and burdened taxpayers -- without making us any safer.
California spends more than $10 billion per year on its 34 prisons -- and more than six times as much per prisoner than on each K-12 student. Despite this heavy investment, 61% of prisoners return within three years.
If incarceration was actually changing behavior, that's one thing. But if it's not, then locking up nonviolent people comes at too high a cost to taxpayers and to the families it destroys.
The latest research making this point comes from the Women's Foundation of California, which released a report on October 14 about the higher percentage of women incarcerated for low-level offenses - and the ripple effect on their and their children's lives.
Bias Behind Bars found that, nationwide, women are 63% more likely than men to be incarcerated for drug possession. In California, women are three times more likely to be in prison for forgery or fraud, and twice as likely for petty theft.
Sadly, seven in 10 of these incarcerated women are mothers. (Nationwide, 1.3 million children have mothers who are behind bars.) And children with mothers behind bars are more likely to be put into foster care hopes, drop out of school and end up in the justice system themselves.
The report goes on to say that women leaving prison face steeper obstacles than men in rebuilding their lives, often because a felony conviction can bar them -- usually the primary caregiver for children -- from housing and food assistance, employment opportunities, student loans and more.
This is no way to achieve safety in our communities. And that's why I support Prop. 47 .
The Safe Neighborhoods and Schools Act changes six low-level felonies that can carry prison sentences to misdemeanor punishments. This includes offenses like simple drug possession, writing a bad check and petty shoplifting.
Even better, the law would use the savings from reduced prison costs for K-12 programs, victims' services and mental health and drug treatment. A government agency calculates these savings to be $750 million-$1.25 billion in just five years.
This is why Proposition 47 has the support of law enforcement, crime victims, teachers, health professionals, liberals and conservatives - and moms like me. I also am one of several Artists for 47 endorsing the initiative, ranging from Jay-Z to Brad Pitt to Cameron Diaz and John Legend.
We're united in this effort because our current justice system is tearing apart families for low-level crimes, and draining community resources and tax coffers to pay for it. It hasn't worked, and I urge Californians to join me on November 4 in voting yes on Prop. 47.
More:

The American Dream Can Only Be Fulfilled If Our Top Students Have the Opportunity to Attend Our Top Collegesreddit
When I was a senior in high school growing up in Medford, Massachusetts, I probably would have applied only to local colleges -- not Harvard, that was for rich kids who were straight-A students, and I was neither.  But I was lucky: I had an after-school job at an electronics company, and one of the managers there encouraged me to apply to Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore, Maryland, because of its top-notch science program. If not for the interest she showed in a 17-year-old kid's future, who knows where life would have taken me.  I'm glad it took me to Hopkins.
I was no different than many of today's high school seniors who, though not valedictorians, have the grades to get into competitive colleges.  Yet tens of thousands of them are not applying.  Like me, most of these students come from families of modest means.
Today, 70 percent of students at the country's most competitive colleges -- which graduate students at the highest rates -- come from families with incomes in the top 25 percent. Only 6 percent of students who grow up poor attend a leading school. Those are damning statistics for a country that prides itself on being a meritocracy, where young people with drive and ability can rise to the top, regardless of their family's income.
Most high-achieving students from low-income families end up at open-access, two- and four-year colleges.  When that happens, they graduate at lower rates, with fewer career options -- and often with more debt, too. That short-changes their talent, reduces their career options, and hurts our country.
The outcomes we have always counted on our higher education system delivering -- advancing economic mobility, fighting poverty, and building our leadership ranks in science, medicine, business, engineering, technology, and public service -- are not being met for the vast majority of Americans. The longer this situation persists, the harder it will be to expand the middle class and eliminate the racial and ethnic disparities that define our economy and hold back our society.
The problem is not that poor and middle-income students lack the credentials to gain acceptance at top schools; many are highly-qualified. But they are not applying for a myriad of reasons -- starting with sticker shock.
Many selective colleges top $50,000 a year in tuition plus room and board -- about the average median household income. Low-income students know their families can't afford those prices without help and don't know how to get it. These students also often lack academic role models, examples of students like themselves who have successfully made the transition to leading colleges and universities.
In addition, with guidance counselors at low-income high schools advising an average of 1,000 students, too many high-achieving students don't receive enough personal guidance from those who know the college landscape best, including which schools offer the most generous financial aid packages. Instead, the perception that poor students don't go to top colleges becomes reality. It doesn't have to be that way, but up until now, no major effort has been made to change it.
This week, Bloomberg Philanthropies is setting a new national goal: Increasing the percentage of high-achieving, low- and moderate-income students who attend top colleges from approximately one-third to one-half in just four years.  To help reach that goal, we are launching a new initiative that aims to help as many as 65,000 of these students find a school that matches their abilities.
Over the first two years, we will invest $10 million to implement a comprehensive approach to the problem that will support students while also challenging colleges to do better.
Through a partnership with the College Board and other non-profit organizations, we will provide students with one-on-one, real-time college advisors who will communicate with students over the phone, as well as via email, video conferencing, and text and instant messaging.
Our virtual advisors will be based at proven college access organizations, including the College Advising Corps and College Possible.  Eligible students will come from all fifty states, in small towns and big cities. The advisors will help students understand their college options, and they will help them get through the mounds of paperwork that can often accompany financial aid applications.  As part of this work, through a partnership with Khan Academy, these students -- and all Khan Academy users -- will have access to high-quality online content on the college application and financial aid process. All of these efforts are designed to support and supplement the work of high school guidance counselors.
Our work will also include researching what practices are most effective, so we can share successful strategies with schools and non-profits. In addition, we will form a task force with the Aspen Institute to generate recommendations for how the 265 colleges with the highest graduation rates, along with the federal government, can increase the number of high-achieving low-income applicants.
We know our efforts can be successful, because when high-achieving, lower-income students do apply to top colleges and universities, they are accepted and graduate at the same rates as their wealthier peers -- and they have earnings that are about 25% higher than those of students who attend less selective colleges. That translates (on average) to a difference of $450,000 over the course of a lifetime.
A college education is not for everyone, and the country should be making greater investments in career-oriented schools centered on growing industries.  But right now, thousands of bright, industrious high school students from lower-income families miss the chance to go to our leading colleges and universities each year, and our country is poorer for it.  This is a solvable problem -- one that requires opening doors, not lowering standards.  The promise of equal opportunity and economic mobility that lies at the heart of the American dream can only be fulfilled if our top students have the opportunity to attend our top colleges.
Follow Michael R. Bloomberg on Twitter: www.twitter.com/MikeBloomberg
More:

Dollar s rally boosts reservesWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

Beginning of the endTweet
The QE taper is only the first phase of reversing an expansionary monetary policy in place since 2008
The six-year-long quantitative easing programme, costing $3 trillion, may have ended, but the Federal Reserve’s task of taking the US economy towards normalcy is far from complete. Stopping the infusion of additional sums into the economy every month is the easy part; the Fed now needs to devise a way of selling treasury and mortgage backed securities — purchased from late 2008 onwards — back to the banks and hedge funds. This is going to be somewhat difficult. At the same time, it is probable that Ben Bernanke prevented the US from slipping into a depression by increasing money supply and pulling interest rates as low as possible in 2008. This action helped the US economy recover, reduced the unemployment rate and caused a modest revival in consumption.
But the unintended consequence of this flush of liquidity was price inflation in assets ranging from equity to real assets; not just in the US, but across the globe. These prices did not adjust as the tapering of the QE began. But once the Fed begins sucking out the liquidity, the financial markets may well witness a slide. With both equity and real estate prices in many markets ruling at record highs, and far above their fundamental worth, a reduction in liquidity has the potential to wreak great damage. The low interest rate in the US has also contributed to pushing financial asset prices higher. The positive tone adopted in the recent FOMC statement implies that the Fed could proceed with its intended interest rate hike next year; this, despite inflation at below its targeted 2 per cent. That the Fed is now choosing to brush aside the consequences of its actions on emerging markets, despite the apprehensions of central bankers, including the Reserve Bank of India governor, denotes that it is now time to prepare for the inevitable adjustments in asset prices.
India is, however, better placed now than it was a year ago to deal with such turbulence. Foreign exchange reserves are at a record high, the currency is stable and the current account deficit is under check. Foreign portfolio flows have also been very strong, at close to $35 billion since the beginning of this year. But the sudden bout of volatility witnessed since the last week of September and the outflow of portfolio funds from the equity market, on growing concerns about the end of QE, reveal a glimpse of vulnerability. A tight vigil needs to be maintained on the external account and the currency to tide over any possible instability. This situation also highlights the need to develop a larger base of domestic investors in the equity and bond markets to counter selling by foreign funds.
(This article was published on October 30, 2014)
Related

The Hygiene ImperativeTweet
It starts from here A disease-free India S SUBRAMANIUM
The dust kicked up by brooms of the neo-sanitation evangelists have obscured more important issues. Hygiene is one. In its broadest sense this covers a broad spectrum of activities that ensure health. These cover washing hands with soap or ash after cleaning up after defecating and before eating or serving food; keeping drinking water covered and; cutting nails and hair to reduce the likelihood of gathering disease-causing germs.
Hygiene is different from cleanliness that has been interpreted to mean sanitizing the environment. It is a set of actions individuals take to reduce the chances of falling sick. Good hygiene can reduce sickness from eating or drinking contaminated foodor water by as much as 45 per cent. That is a lot of gain from the simple hygiene steps mentioned above. Washing hands with soap or ash after cleaning up after defecating is common sense but is not as popular as one may think. Studies show most Indians wash their hands with water but only a third use soap or ash.
Even though they are so obvious, hygiene practices need to be inculcated. Washing hands before eating is done in the breach more often than not; more people wash hands after eating than before. Cutting nails is another infrequent activity and dirty nails are a veritable sea of vicious bacteria gathered from all over, including faeces – yes, when one washes up after defecating some excreta finds its way under long uncut nails and thence into the food we eat.
Hygiene is the cement that binds water and sanitation into one whole and underpins good health. The purpose of improving sanitation and providing clean water is to improve health, education and other development indicators. But without hygiene to hold them together both sanitation and water supply become typical government engineering ‘feats of numbers’ where quantity trumps quality. In practice this translates into building toilets for the poor – very inferior in quality, poorly designed and situated – and sinking handpumps – a third or more fail within a few months.
Without hygiene, toilet use is abysmal. A series of studies since the late 1990s broadly say only about half of households in rural India with a toilet use it. According to the Census 2011 about 33 per cent have toilets. That means only 16.5 per cent actually use them. Reasons vary from poor and unfinished toilets to lack of understanding of hygiene. If an overarching reason be given, it is because people do not adequately appreciate how hygiene can improve health and where toilets fit in puzzle.
The other part of the picture is water. Hygienic handling of water is keeping drinking water in a covered pot and taking it out with a ladle or tap. This is also followed mostly in the breach with less than 30 per cent using covered vessels. To purify water half of the people use simple cloth filtration and a third boil water. Water that does not smell, have a bad taste or visible impurities is considered clean to drink. This is quite different from water that is actually safe to drink since bacteria and chemical impurities are not usually visible to the naked eye and seldom cause water to smell or taste bad.
Hygiene is critical because it teaches people how to cut disease vectors. Handwashing at critical times has the highest impact on incidence of disease. Some studies say this simple act can cut water borne diseases such as diarrhea by nearly half. Hands must be washed with at least ash if soap is not available after defecation, handling children’s stools and before eating or handling food. This aspect of hygiene can be extended to the need for separating and containing excreta, through toilets for example. By extension, the concept of sanitation can be brought in through the hygiene door by demonstrating how open defecation can increase the chances of falling ill. In fact, a recent study says that merely constructing toilets has little effect on the incidence of diarrhea. Even if as many 63 per cent households have toilets, their use hovers at 50 per cent, there is no noticeable drop in disease. Studies in other states indicate the use of toilets is 60 per cent.
The safe storage of water comes second and can reduce the incidence of diarrhea by about 28 per cent. If water is not contaminated at source, improper transport and storage inevitably results in contamination. Studies have put the rate of contamination as high at 76 per cent.
For the on-going Swacch Bharat Mission (SBM) hygiene becomes a central concern. Ensuring proper hygiene education during the sanitation project lifecycle is a non-negotiable. The most effective way is through personal contact between people trained in hygiene and the mass public. This is a slow and resource-intensive process. At the moment the government does have enough boots on the ground under the Mission to do so. It can use existing front-line workers such as auxiliary nurses-midwives, accredited social and health activists, village secretaries and water and sanitation committees. Non-government organizations have another large reservoir of human resources. Both resource pools need intensive training at the earliest to be repurposed and deployed. At the macro level, an intensive mass media campaign as is being done against smoking must be carried out to send out hygiene messages.
The government is clearly not serious about hygiene. It has cut the budget for hygiene promotion (under the guise of information education and communication) to just 8 per cent of the Mission’s funds down from 15 per cent earlier. Sure, government officials have been lousy at promoting hygiene as a study shows just 9 per cent of people constructed toilets after an official spoke to them. But cutting the budget is throwing the baby out with the bathwater.
This will undermine the utility of the Mission and the infrastructure it creates. Assuming we accept the role of the government is to provide subsidies for constructing toilets, this must be bolstered by an appropriately large fund for promoting hygiene. Hygiene will ensure people realize the importance of toilets in their health and use them once they have been built. The budget for promoting hygiene must be raised to at least 25 per cent of the total. Else SBM will be in danger of repeating mistakes of the past 28 years of sanitation programmes and build 110 million toilet nobody will want to use.
The author is Head of Policy, WaterAid India
(This article was published on October 30, 2014)
Related

The Fascinating Psychology Behind Free-To-Play Mobile App Gamesreddit
If you've ever played a free-to-play game like Candy Crush, Plants vs Zombies 2 or Clash of Clans and defied the "free" part by parting with your cash, don't be ashamed. I've never met anyone who actually buys items on any free-to-play, but then again I've never met anyone who's lost money in Vegas, either.
I'm not ashamed to admit yes... yes I have... bought items in free-to-play games (I've also lost money in Vegas). Trust me, I feel the appropriate amount of shame and self-loathing. But don't judge too harshly. If you haven't spent money on these games, odds are you will pretty soon.
Why? Because these innocently fun and entertaining programs are built on mountains of research of the mind's inner workings. These games know what makes us tick, and they know exactly how to get us to say yes.
Free-to-play games are now everywhere in dozens of varieties. But no matter what the flavor, they all use the same mechanisms to get us to part with money.
How do they do it?
Ego Depletion
One of the bases for the popularity and power of these games is the concept of Ego Depletion. Ego Depletion "refers to the idea that self-control or willpower draw upon a limited pool of mental resources that can be used up.... A depleting task requiring self-control can have a hindering effect on a subsequent self-control task, even if the tasks are seemingly unrelated."
Free-to-play games rely on this phenomenon to slowly wear down our reserves of self-control, making it that much more likely that the more we play, the closer we'll come to making a purchase. They capitalize on the finite nature of our willpower by continually surfacing or making purchase options omnipresent. Eventually, it's very likely that we'll submit to one of these offers. Ego depletion at work.
It's a sad fact that all acts of self control draw on the same finite resource even if the acts are completely unrelated. On a diet? If you cave and spend money on a freemium game you're that much more likely to have that cookie later. Tough call!
Reciprocity
" Reciprocity means that in response to friendly actions, people are frequently much nicer and much more cooperative than predicted by the self-interest model; conversely, in response to hostile actions they are frequently much more nasty and even brutal."
This theory applies perfectly to an enjoyable, free-to-play game. Because we are being given the game for free (an innately friendly and pleasant action) subconsciously we feel strongly compelled to reciprocate with a friendly action of our own, and pay the nice developers back. The instinct is so strong, that we feel compelled to reciprocate even if the original action was unrequested.
Intermediate Currency, The Slow Earn and the Bulk Discount
Across the board, all free-to-play games use Intermediate Currency and Bulk Discounts, and all allow you to earn currency while playing.
Using an intermediate currency provides several powerful tools to the free-to-play gaming company. First, people tend to find it difficult to assess the value of unfamiliar items, so the price obscuring makes it easy to forget how much "actual" money they've spent. Second, the pricing structure of a game typically evolves and becomes more costly as the user progresses. Further, by allowing people to earn currency (albeit very, very slowly) and offering bulk discounts the game cloaks the true cost of playing.
Price Shrouding
Obscuring pricing information is a sophisticated concept called Price Shrouding that was first discussed in 1957. If "real" money were used (no successful free-to-play game developer does this) then the consumer would see be able to accurately gauge the cost of ownership. Ensuring that the actual cost remains a very fuzzy concept keeps consumers naive and spending.
Progressive game inflation is slow and almost always obscured, giving the user no information of how costly goods will be later in the game. The assumption is that by then the user will be too invested in the game to stop. That assumption is usually correct.
Illusory Discomfort
Zynga's Roger Dickey coined the term " fun pain " to describe the common situation in which a player is stuck in an uncomfortable position and then given the option of solving the problem by purchasing in-game currency. It has proven a safe assumption that the majority of players will be willing to spend money in order to end the discomfort.
Zynga certainly knows a thing or two about successful free-to-play games, making nearly a billion dollars in revenue in their first four years.
Play on
After seeing how not so casual these casual, free-to-play games are you might be tempted to to paint the game developers with a pretty negative brush. But before you start putting paint to canvas consider this: The industry tried the traditional pay-to-play model and watched it collapse as consumers became increasingly unwilling to pay enough to make making these games profitable. Plus, for the lucky few able to resist Ego Depletion, Price Shrouding, and the rest of the tricks it really is possible to play these games completely free.
Software, especially highly engaging, well-polished games like these are costly to make and market. Free-to-play may be with us for the long term unless consumers again make the choice to pay for their mobile games up front. Even then, the free-to-play model has proven so successful, tapping into what drives us as consumers and even what drives us as humans, I don't see it disappearing any time soon.
--

Younis strikes ton as Pakistan take control against AustraliaABU DHABI, October 30, 2014
Updated: October 30, 2014 20:41 IST
Younis strikes ton as Pakistan take control against Australia
AP
Tweet
AP Younis Khan, who made 106 and 103 not out in the two innings in the Dubai test match that Pakistan won by 221 runs, was unbeaten on 111 at stumps on Day 1 of the second Test against Australia in Abu Dhabi on Thursday.
TOPICS
Test cricket
Pakistan reaches 304—2 as Younis Khan scores his 27th century; he is only the second batsman to score three consecutive Test hundreds against Australia.
Younis Khan struck his third straight century and Azhar Ali also reached triple figures to put Pakistan in control at 304—2 after the first day of the second test against Australia on Thursday.
Khan, who made 106 and 103 not out in the two innings in the Dubai test match that Pakistan won by 221 runs, was unbeaten on 111. Giving him company at stumps was Ali, who was not out on 101 and added 208 runs for the unbroken third wicket partnership with Khan.
It was Khan’s 27th century and he became only the second batsmen in the history of test cricket to score three consecutive hundreds against Australia. The only player before him to do so was England’s Herbert Sutcliffe in the 1924—25 series in Australia.
It was a different Khan on display on Thursday. Unlike his usual dour self, Khan scored at a brisk pace, reaching his 100 in just 128 balls with a lofted boundary off Maxwell. It was his 10th boundary of the innings, along with a six.
Azhar reached his century off what turned out to be the penultimate ball of day, when he cover drove Mitchell Marsh for three runs. It was his sixth career century and fifth in the UAE.
Pakistan lost a wicket each in the first two sessions of the day, but despite Australia taking the second new ball as soon as it was due in the post—tea session, there was no luck for its bowlers.
Khan and Ali scored 146 runs in the 36 overs in the final session, with Ali contributing 74 of them. That was in complete contrast to the post—lunch session when he toiled for just 15 runs.
Captain Misbah—ul Haq won a crucial toss for Pakistan, and they were given a decent opening start of 57 runs by Ahmed Shehzad and Mohammad Hafeez, before offspinner Nathan Lyon trapped Shehzad lbw for 35. He had earlier escaped against the same bowler on 20 when wicket—keeper Haddin dropped a regulation catch.
Pakistan announced an unchanged team from the one that won the first test in Dubai, while Australia made two changes. Captain Michael Clarke bolstered the pace attack by bringing in Mitchell Starc in place of left—arm spinner Steve O’Keefe, while allrounder Glenn Maxwell replaced specialist batsman Alex Doolan, who failed in both innings in Dubai.
A draw or a win would give Pakistan a rare series win over Australia. They have beaten them five times before at home, but their last series victory came 20 years ago in 1994.
Scoreboard:
Ahmed Shehzad lbw b Lyon 35
Mohammad Hafeez c Haddin b Johnson 45
Azhar Ali not out 101
Younis Khan not out 111
Extras- (b—3, lb—6, nb—3) 12
TOTAL- (for two wickets) 304
Overs- 88.
Fall of wickets- 1—57, 2—96.
To bat- Misbah—ul Haq (c), Asad Shafiq, Sarfraz Ahmed (wk), Imran Khan, Rahat Ali, Yasir Shah, Zulfiqar Babar.
Bowling- Mitchell Johnson 18—4—50—1 (2nb), Mitchell Starc 11—0—37—0, Peter Siddle 17—5—39—0 (1nb), Nathan Lyon 23—1—86—1, Mitchell Marsh 6—0—23—0, Glenn Maxwell 8—1—36—0, Michael Clarke 2—0—7—0, Steven Smith 3—0—17—0.
Toss- Pakistan.
Umpires- Nigel Llong, England, and Richard Kettleborough, England.
TV umpire- Marais Erasmus, South Africa.
Match referee- Ranjan Madugalle, Sri Lanka.

Advani: first ever player to bag billiards triple doublePTI Pankaj Advani poses with the trophy after winning the World Billiards Championship (time format) in Leeds on Wednesday.
TOPICS
billiards, snooker and pool
Clinches World Billiards title by defeating England’s Robert Hall, becomes the first player ever to win titles in both formats thrice, following his double in 2005 and 2008.
Pankaj Advani outplayed England’s Robert Hall 1928-893 in the final of the IBSF World Billiards championship (timed format) here on Wednesday night to complete a grand double.
The 29-year-old, Bangalore-based Advani had won the title in the points format (150-up) last week.
Advani, who took a stranglehold of the match leading 746-485 at the half-way mark, thus became the first player ever to win titles in both formats thrice, following his double in 2005 and 2008.
Advani capped a phenomenal year that saw him win the World 6-Red championship besides the World Team billiards championship before the double here that took his individual haul of world titles to 10.
Despite the wide margin of victory over Hall, Advani, returning to topflight billiards after a break of two years during which he spent time on the professional snooker circuit, had to work hard as he was only too aware of Englishman’s ability for big breaks.
Advani, who made tournament high breaks of 701 and 575 earlier in the competition, opened up a sizeable lead in with a best break of 289 and then made fruitful visits to the table to eventually break Hall’s challenge.
Hall, in fact, spent more time off the table and it did affect his rhythm as his best break of the final was a 92 as compared with his highest run in the tournament, 406 besides five double centuries.
Advani said, “I made Grand Double in 2008 in Bangalore, but it is always great to win outside home and I just can’t describe my emotions now because it has been crazy here. I have also worked really hard to win some of the major tournaments this year.”

Nationals pick up Denard Spans 2015 optionBy James Wagner October 30 Follow @jameswagnerwp
Denard Span. (AP)
On the first day of the offseason, the Nationals exercised Denard Span’s $9 million team option for the 2015 season, according to a person familiar with the situation, a no-brainer move that was expected following the center fielder’s excellent 2014 season. In his second season in Washington, Span was among the best leadoff hitters in baseball, combining stellar defense with strong hitting and helping the Nationals win a National League East title.
The Nationals formally announced Span’s option pick-up on Thursday afternoon, but also declined options for first baseman Adam LaRoche and reliever Rafael Soriano, essentially parting ways with both players, which also came as no surprise. LaRoche wanted to remain in Washington , but his position is the presumed future home for former third baseman Ryan Zimmerman. LaRoche’s mutual option was for $15 million but is now due a $2 million buyout. The Nationals held a $14-million team option for Soriano, who struggled in the second half of the season, with no buyout.
Span, who turns 31 in late February, was perhaps the team’s most valuable position player after  Anthony Rendon  this season. He began the season slow but finished with a share of the NL hits title (184) thanks to his torrid hitting over the summer. Span hit .302 with a .355 on-base percentage, a constant threat atop the order. His 113 OPS+ was fourth-best on the team. At one point, he reached base in 36 straight games.
Span proved that, at his age, he can still improve. He better adjusted to NL pitching and finished with the second .300 season of his career. He finally accomplished his goal of becoming a better base stealer and nabbed a career-high 31 bases in 38 attempts. Although advanced metrics don’t rate him well, his defense in center field was steady, saved runs and instilled confidence in the pitching staff. He was worth 3.8 WAR (Wins Above Replacement), according to FanGraphs.com. And because of his professional and easy-going demeanor, Span was also a good ambassador for the Nationals.
“Glad to be coming back!” Span said in a text message.
Span’s return ensures the Nationals’ strong outfield of Bryce Harper-Span-Jayson Werth will remain intact for one more season. Span is eligible for free agency in 2016. The 2015 season will be the final year of a five-year, $16.5-million extension (with a 2015 option) he signed in 2010 with the Minnesota Twins. The Nationals traded for Span before the 2013 season, shipping away their top pitching prospect at the time, Alex Meyer, for three years of control of an everyday center field/leadoff hitter.
“We knew when we acquired Denard from the Minnesota Twins two years ago what type of player we were getting,” General Manager Mike Rizzo said in a statement on the team’s website. “And he’s done nothing but bear that out the last two seasons. Denard was arguably our most consistent offensive player in 2014, keying so much of our offensive production, and his defense in center field is Gold Glove-caliber on a nightly basis. We’re excited to keep him in the fold for the 2015 season.”
LaRoche, 34, will likely be the most coveted free agent first baseman. LaRoche spent four seasons in Washington, became a team leader and helped turn the Nationals from a rebuilding team to a two-time division champion. He hit .249 with a .781 OPS and 82 home runs over his four-year stint. He smashed 33 home runs, won a Silver Slugger and Gold Glove award in 2012. He hit .259/.362/.455 with a team-high 26 home runs and 92 RBI in 2014. He wanted to finish his career in Washington but knew that a crunch for positions would push him out. Teams such as the Milwaukee Brewers, Seattle Mariners and Pittsburgh Pirates lagged in first base production and could be fits for LaRoche.
Soriano, 34, lost the closer’s job in early September, a role that Drew Storen capably filled in the final month of the season. Soriano was the high-prized closer added on a two-year, $28-million deal before the 2013 season. Soriano brought experience, saved 75 games and posted a 3.15 ERA during his two seasons, but endured bouts of struggle. He was nearly an all-star in the first half of 2014 but lost his control in the second half, pitching as a setup man late in the season. He still hopes to close and pitch for a handful more years , but may need to take a one-year deal. Teams such as the Detroit Tigers and Arizona Diamondbacks struggled at the back of the bullpen this season.
By declining options for LaRoche and Soriano, the Nationals’ free agent total rises to five, including outfielders Nate Schierholtz and Scott Hairston, and infielder Asdrubal Cabrera. The Nationals are not expected to extend a $15.3-million qualifying offer to any of the free agents. Free agents can negotiate terms of a new deal with their former team until Monday, and then can talk to any team beginning Tuesday.
– Adam Kilgore contributed.
James Wagner joined the Post in August 2010 and, prior to covering the Nationals, covered high school sports across the region.

Why Burkina Fasos attempt to topple a long-serving leader mattersGunfire reported in Burkina Faso capital
View Photos
The development underscores the power vacuum that has emerged after the president’s ouster.
Caption
The development underscores the power vacuum that has emerged after the president’s ouster.
 Nov. 2, 2014 A soldier tells a photographer to stop taking pictures at the state TV headquarters in Ouagadougou, the capital of Burkina Faso. Joe Penney/Reuters
Buy Photo
Wait 1 second to continue.
The current crisis in Burkina Faso largely comes down to one fact: Blaise Compaoré, the president of the landlocked West African state, came to power in a 1987 coup d'etat, and -- despite a 2000 constitutional amendment that limits presidents to two five-year terms -- had led the country ever since.
In theory, 2015 was due to be Compaoré's last year in office: While courts had decided the term limit amendment didn't take affect till 2005, he would now have been in the president's office for two terms. Compaoré, however, didn't show any signs of leaving. On Thursday, Burkina Faso's parliament was due to vote on changing the constitution to allow Compaoré to extend his 27-year-long leadership.
That vote has not happened. Instead, protesters in Ouagadougou, the country's capital, set the parliament on fire . State television and radio stations were overrun and broadcasts taken off air.
Thousands protested in Burkina Faso's capital city this week, angered by their president’s attempts to amend the constitution to seek another term. (The Washington Post)
Thursday's protests were the remarkable culmination of unrest that have seen hundreds of thousands of people take to the streets this week. The state response was harsh, with tear gas and even live bullets shot at the crowds to try and control them. By early evening, Compaoré had announced he was dissolving the parliament and declared a state of emergency. Contradicting him, Burkina Faso's army chief made his own later announcement that the government had been dissolved: The country's military appears to have sided against Compaoré. On Friday, Compaoré  announced his resignation.
It's a chaotic situation, and while the final result of these confrontations is still unclear, they may well have broader consequences for the region.For one thing, Compaoré may have a relatively low profile internationally, but he has also been one of West Africa's most important regional leaders. The former soldier has a history of supporting foreign rebel groups and in recent years, he has played a role as a mediator in conflicts in Ivory Coast or Mali. Notably, he was an important ally for America: A U.S. base in Ouagadougou, operating since 2007, operates as a  hub for a U.S spying network in the region , with spy planes departing from the base to fly over Mali, Mauritania and the Sahara, tracking fighters from the al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb.
However, Compaoré was also one of a number of sub-Saharan African leaders who have stayed in power for decades. There's also Teodoro Obiang Nguema of Equatorial Guinea, who has been president since 1979, and José Eduardo dos Santos, president of Angola, who also assumed office that year. Paul Biya, president of Cameroon, has been president since 1982 (and was prime minister for seven years before that). Yoweri Museveni of Uganda entered office one year before Compaoré in 1986, and Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe also took the president's office in 1987, though he had been prime minister since 1980.
(Laris Karklis / The Washington Post)
Many of these countries share similar problems. "African leaders like Blaise Compaoré who remain in power for long periods of time claim their leadership helps to foster stability, democracy and economic growth," Ambassador Johnnie Carson, a Senior Advisor at the United States Institute of Peace & Senior Fellow and former U.S. Assistant Secretary of State for African Affairs  writes at African Arguments , "But this statement does not align well with the facts." Carson points to problems in particular with human rights and corruption.
And while most other African leaders can't quite compete with the stalwarts mentioned above, they may one day. Since 1990, the reelection rate in 1990 has been a huge 75 percent , and many incumbents, like Compaoré, have found ways to get around constitutional limits on their time in office. In an insightful post at the Monkey Cage blog from earlier this week , Ken Opalo, a Ph.D. candidate in the Department of Political Science at Stanford University, noted that a significant number of leaders had tried similar tactics, and many succeeded:
Since 1990, 11 countries in sub-Saharan Africa have had leaders try to rewrite their constitutions to do away with term limits. Seven (64 percent) of these leaders succeeded (Burkina Faso, Chad, Gabon, Guinea, Namibia, Togo, and Uganda). Three failed (Malawi, Nigeria, and Zambia), in the face of erstwhile opposition from legislatures. In one instance – Niger in 2010 – attempts by President Mamadou Tandja to extend term limits resulted in a coup.
More importantly still, Opalo noted , other leaders are hoping to try a similar tactic.
These include the presidents of Angola, Burundi, Republic of Congo, the Democratic Republic of Congo, Liberia, Rwanda, and Sierra Leone. With the likely exception of Liberia and Sierra Leone, presidents in these countries seem poised to alter their respective constitutions and stay in office.
Many of these countries, like Burkina Faso, have young populations who are disillusioned by the establishment.
Some observers now wonder if the situation in Burkina Faso could ultimately be the spark for something bigger. "In Burkina Faso now it looks like citizens are making forceful demands for respect of democratic rules," Pierre Englebert, a Professor of African Politics and Development at Pomona College explained in an e-mail. "That would be an unusual degree of political ownership. And it might well give hope to movements elsewhere, first of all in the Democratic Republic of Congo where things have also been coming to a boil."
Notably, Vital Kamerhe, leader of Congo's Union pour la Nation Congolaise, has tweeted a message of solidarity for Burkina Faso's protesters, saying they are in the "same struggle." And while many analysts are hesitant to make the comparison , some Burkinabè protesters have likened the protest to the Arab uprisings that began in 2010. "October 30 is Burkina Faso’s black spring, like the Arab spring,” Emile Pargui Pare, an official from opposition party the Movement of People for Progress, told the AFP .
Either way, the comparison with the Arab Spring might not be a good thing: Like the protests in the Arab world, even if Burkina Faso's protests end up being successful in their immediate aim, they may also carry with them a lot of risks and uncertainty. "If Burkina became lastingly unstable that would be bad news as it would make it more vulnerable to criminal and terror groups that are still active in the region," Englebert explained.
So far, the United States has been  supportive of the protests, despite its relationship with Compaoré's government. "We believe democratic institutions are strengthened when established rules are adhered to with consistency," NSC Spokesperson Bernadette Meehan said in a statement, that made pointed reference to Compaoré's 27 years in office. But Compaoré has left no clear path for his successor. It's unclear what happens next.
Update: This post was updated October 31 2014 to include reports of Compaoré's resignation.
Adam Taylor writes about foreign affairs for The Washington Post. Originally from London, he studied at the University of Manchester and Columbia University.

What Tim Cooks coming out could mean in the workplaceBy Jena McGregor October 30 Follow @jenamcgregor
Apple CEO Tim Cook publicly came out as gay in an editorial published by Bloomberg Businessweek on Thursday. Cook said he hopes to help move civil rights forward. (Reuters)
"So let me be clear: I’m proud to be gay, and I consider being gay among the greatest gifts God has given me."
And with that, Apple CEO Tim Cook, leader of perhaps the world's most admired company, head of the globe's most iconic brand  and chief of one of the most valuable companies on the planet, became the first CEO in the Fortune 500 to publicly come out as gay. In an eloquent, thoughtful and powerful essay in Bloomberg Businessweek published early Thursday, Cook wrote that "while I have never denied my sexuality, I haven’t publicly acknowledged it either, until now."
There are a few other CEOs of publicly traded companies who are gay: Trevor Burgess , the chief executive of C1 Financial, became the first openly gay CEO of a publicly traded bank, for instance, and IGI Laboratories CEO  Jason Grenfell-Gardner  is public about his sexuality.
But there are no CEOs of companies nearly as large or economically significant as Apple who have publicly said they are gay. And that's important, say gay rights advocates, both to help inspire others to share their stories and to improve workplace discrimination against LGBT employees. "The fact that Apple is so incredibly ubiquitous and successful — they just posted their most successful quarter of all time — and that it has been led by a now openly gay leader, sends a tremendous message," said Todd Sears, a former investment banker who founded a global LGBT leadership and strategic advising firm .
Fred Sainz, a spokesperson for the Human Rights Campaign , wrote in an email from an airplane Thursday morning that while it's always significant when someone makes the choice to come out, Cook does have an "elevated platform." It's a platform, he noted, that the Apple CEO has already used to advance equality issues, such as when he spoke out about Alabama's record on civil rights on Monday.
"I have to believe that business leaders across the world today took notice of the fact that they have a gay colleague now in their ranks," Sainz wrote, "and questioned what that means to company policies and support for nondiscrimination protections." There is "lots of positive reflection going on today in boardrooms because of Tim Cook."
On the whole, American businesses have become increasingly progressive on the issue of gay rights in recent years, opposing legislation seen as discriminatory, favoring the overturn of the Defense of Marriage Act and adding more inclusive workplace policies and incentives. Many large companies have been leaders  on the issue.
And yet, 29 states still lack laws that explicitly ban discrimination in the workplace based on sexual orientation; even more are lacking laws that do the same based on gender identity. Legislation known as the Employment Non-Discrimination Act sought to bring such protections to the federal level, but it has long languished since passing  the Senate nearly a year ago.
Sears said Cook's decision to come out in a business publication is especially important. It shows that "he wanted to come out to his business colleagues and put this in the business context," he said. "He did not come out in People Magazine."
The move, Sears added, could help openly gay senior executives just one level below the CEO to reach Corporate America's highest post. And it could drive more employees at all levels to feel more comfortable coming out at work, a prospect that could have a tangible impact on productivity. He pointed to research showing that employees who are out about their sexuality at work progress more quickly, are more productive and stay with their companies longer.
Other research , published last December by Deloitte, found that as many as 83 percent of all lesbian, gay and bisexual employees engaged in "covering" at work, a sociological term for downplaying stigmatized activities within an organization. According to Christie Smith, a managing partner at Deloitte, the best solution to the problem may be for more CEOs to speak openly about their personal lives, as Cook has done.
In the survey, Deloitte gave respondents a chance to answer open-ended questions about what would help them feel more comfortable being their true selves at work. The most common answer from employees was that they wanted to see leaders share their stories.
"Not the stories of what they've done and their resume, but their stories of who they are," Smith said. "When you have a senior leader of any organization — but especially a prominent one in the Fortune 10 or in the Fortune 1000 — really talk about who they are and bring their whole selves to work, that is the most effective thing they can do."
Read also:

A complete history of the rise and fall -- and reincarnation! -- of the beloved 90s chatroom(Rooms/Facebook)
Facebook chose an odd time to launch Rooms , its homage to the classic ’90s chatroom.
AOL’s Instant Messenger, perhaps the icon of the anonymous instant-messaging age, quietly killed off its chat rooms in 2010. Yahoo Messenger axed its public chat rooms in 2012, explaining only that they weren’t a “core Yahoo! product.” And when MSN Messenger shuts down Friday in China, the last place where the service still operated, it will mark the conclusive end of the mainstream chatroom era.
Sure, we have Rooms now — but Rooms, despite its branding and anonymous discussion groups, has little in common with the chatrooms of yore. And like other modern attempts to reincarnate the ‘90s chat room ( Airtime , anyone?) it seems to lack that critical quality that made early AIM, Yahoo Messenger and MSN fun: the edge of quirkiness, transgression and inventiveness. The feeling that this was a new and semi-lawless space, that unexpected things could happen.
A screenshot from Facebook’s Rooms app, which is supposed to mimick the old-school chatroom. (Rooms)
‘Web’ chat before the World Wide Web
Just look at the earliest, successful forerunner to online chat — a program that academics invented, almost by accident, long before the birth of the World Wide Web.
Talkomatic, the program’s appropriately retro name, was born out of PLATO, a computer-based education program at the University of Illinois, in 1973. It was primitive, by modern standards: Only five people could chat at once, and their messages displayed letter-by-letter as they typed. But at the time, Talkomatic was something of a revelation. PLATO had been designed for classroom use; according to its creators’ original plans, “communication between people would play [only] an incidental role.” But as more people signed on to the community, its participants began to notice something striking: In the freewheeling, pseudonymous realm of PLATO, people began to form highly personal, social connections that had nothing to do with academics. In other words, they just wanted to chat.
“People met and got acquainted in Talkomatic, and carried on romances via “term-talk” and Personal Notes,” one of its creators, David Woolley, wrote in his 1994 history of the program . “Many online personalities developed … Many people traveled to Urbana to see the lab and meet those of us who worked there … Over the years, PLATO has affected many lives in profound ways.”
Of course, PLATO could only reach so many people. But in 1980, CompuServe — one of the earliest commercial Internet services — would release its own take on the chat concept, allowing more than 123,000 to sign on nightly under screennames like “Mike” and “Silver.” (Both names are, incidentally, critical to chat room history: They were, on Valentine’s Day 1983, one of the first couples to marry as a result of online chat.)
A screenshot from the July 23, 1984 issue of InfoWorld. (InfoWorld/Google Books)
Even though CompuServe’s “CB Simulator” was a commercial service, it shared something of the pioneering quirkiness of ye Talkomatic chats of old. The CB stands for citizens band radio — a relative of ham — and originally operated in similar ways, borrowing from radio’s lingo and channel system. In one early “channel,” described by InfoWorld in 1984 , users did nothing but speak Old English and roleplay as kings and maidens. In others, a form of radical, soul-baring honesty was fairly common; between the fake names, the small communities, and the hours of online contact, the idea of intimacy became “very seductive,” one user told InfoWorld. (Seductive enough that most mainstream coverage of chat at the time focused on a phenomenon dubbed “CompuSex.”)
A transcribed CB chat, as it appeared in a 1986 Post article on the subject.
“To say this typewritten “human contact” or “people typing in their thoughts” is the equivalent of genuine friendship or intimacy is something else,” wrote Vic Sussman, struggling to understand the very concept of online community for The Washington Post in 1986. “It’s certainly the illusion of intimacy — the instant gratification of human contact without responsibility or consequences or actual involvement … [But] the danger is that going online instead of going into the real world ultimately turns conversation into a spectator sport.”
For users, of course, this kind of outsider bemusement was half the motivation. The Web didn’t achieve anything like mainstream usage until well into the ‘90s; before then, the people sitting through many, many minutes of dial-up bleeps and buzzes, all to talk to pseudonymous strangers, were a very particular breed: hobbyists and early adopters and other technophilic types, each drawn to this peculiar experiment in part because it was peculiar, and its results were far from known.
You never knew quite what, or who, you would find in a Compuserve chat — or, later, a chat on AOL (c. 1992), Prodigy (1992) or Yahoo (1997). AOL’s chief architect and longest-serving employee, Joe Schober, once described the earliest AOL chatrooms as “little frontier towns”: small and unpolished, perhaps, but pioneering — like a spark in the big Internet void.
(Pew Internet & American Life Project)
The golden age of chatrooms
If the Internet was an uncharted wilderness, however, the ‘90s were its Gold Rush. Services like MSN and AOL (which bought Compuserve in 1998) made the chat function available to millions of Americans, packaging it in dial-up subscriptions that users purchased first by the hour, and later by the month. In 1993, shortly after the debut of AOL’s chatroom, the Associated Press reported , hilariously, on the “team of young, high-tech specialists” who were trying to get President Bill Clinton to host a town hall chat. (His screenname was “Clinton Pz.”)
By 1997, the year AOL launched Instant Messenger as a stand-alone chat product, the company boasted an estimated 19,000 chatrooms. Users spent more than a million hours chatting each day. And despite the panicked testimony of then-senator Herb Kohl just two years prior (“Most Americans don’t know what it is out there on the Internet,” he told a Senate committee , “and if they did they would be shocked”), the influx of new users was helping chatrooms shed their previously shady, transgressive image.
“Chat, always burdened with a slightly seedy reputation … is undergoing a major makeover,” enthused one 1997 trend piece in the Irish Times. Chatrooms were showing up in business software packages, such as Lotus and Oracle. The rooms had become a favored hangout not only of teenagers and technophiles, but of stay-at-home moms. (“Beats doing housework, don’t you think?” one frequent chat-er joked in 1996 .) And companies that had previously eschewed their own stand-alone chat services, such as Yahoo and MSN, were beginning to offer their own.
A screenshot from a news segment about chatrooms, c. 2008. (John Hartnup/ Flickr )
What happened to chatrooms, anyway?
In some ways, in fact, chatrooms were experiencing a cultural shift similar to one much-discussed on Facebook today: a space that was once a frontier, was being standardized, monetized — colonized by moms. And the places that remained on the fringes were categorically gross: full of spam and sludge and a/s/l-style solicitation, a far cry from the supportive communities of the late ‘80s.
Combine that with the advent of new Internet technologies like DSL (which made AOL’s subscription model obsolete) and new paradigms for online social networking (think Friendster, Myspace and later, Facebook) and the chatroom’s demise was obvious, if not imminent, by the early aughts.
I remember signing into my AIM account as late as 2007, the better to chat with high school friends who had, like me, gone away for school. But by that point, all of AIM’s best features had become redundant: status messages could go on Twitter, detailed profiles could be made on Facebook, friends could be contacted via text or Gchat, people with similar interests could be found on any of the above. In 2003, MSN axed many of its chatrooms across Europe, Asia and Latin America. Over the course of the next decade, in light of plummeting usage, increased scrutiny over child solicitation and other unpleasantness, and competition from mobile and video chat, AOL and Yahoo would do the same.
“Here at Yahoo!, we aspire to make the world’s daily habits inspiring and entertaining,” chirped Yahoo!’s November 2012 announcement of the closure. “Sometimes, this means we have to make tough decisions — like closing down features that we feel aren’t adding enough value for you.”
In other words, the market had spoken: The time of the chatroom had passed. And yet, decades after the geeks of PLATO first tapped out their messages, the children of the ‘70s, ‘80s and ‘90s still illogically seem to want one.
You need look no further than Apple’s app store for conclusive proof of that: Besides Rooms, there’s the anonymous local chat app Yik Yak, the embattled, Vermont-born Omegle (which still ranks among the world’s top-3,000 sites), and the unheralded start-up Banter, which perhaps captures the spirit of early chatrooms best of the three. (“Who you are in real life is not important,” Banter’s founder told The Verge during this year’s SXSW conference. “What really matters is what you’re interested in.”)
(Banter)
On the modern, mainstream social network, of course, that couldn’t be further from the truth: Who you are in real life is, frequently, the only thing that matters. And in fact, that’s what makes Facebook’s decision to launch an “early Web”-inflected app so excruciatingly ironic. Facebook pioneered a system where our online identities were forever welded to our real-life ones; if the early Web was like a sparsely populated frontier town, Facebook is the planned community, the picket-fenced suburb, that followed once the pioneers had moved on. By constricting our online selves to our offline identities, Facebook basically obliterated the infinite possibilities, and the intimate, interest-based communities, of the social Web.
It’s no wonder that, 10 years in, we’ve begun to wax nostalgic over that lost infinity.
“We’re tired of being told what to do, what to see, and how to interact online by platforms that resemble rat mazes more than sandboxes,” Kyle Chayka wrote in Gizmodo . “… Like artisanal hipster nostalgia for a time when men were men, shoes were handmade, and everyone pickled their own vegetables, the internet’s vanguard is pushing for a return toward a simpler digital era.”
And so a team of unabashed idealists launched a minimalist, ad-free social network called Ello, a promise to return to a pre-Facebook web. The writer and programmer Paul Ford — who has long been a compelling voice on the culture and legacy of tech — made a super-retro Unix network called Tilde.Club on a drunken lark a few weeks ago; he was startled to see hundreds of people clamoring for invites to the thing.
“There is no need to get in on the ground floor,” Ford quipped , “because the ground floor has been there for decades.”
Even the original Talkomatic, circa ‘73, has seen a modern reboot of late: Its creators launched a pared-down Web version in March, more than 40 years after their original. It doesn’t log your chat transcripts, and it doesn’t have ads. In fact, it doesn’t have anything, really, besides a series of elongated text fields you and a friend — or a stranger! — can type into.
It’s glitchy, sure. It’s stupifying simplistic. But on an Internet where so much feels dictated and pre-determined and over-designed, it’s kind of freeing, too.
Caitlin Dewey runs The Intersect blog, writing about digital and Internet culture. Before joining the Post, she was an associate online editor at Kiplinger’s Personal Finance.

Millennials are pretty upbeat about the economy(AP Photo/Matt Rourke, File)
Millennials are feeling pretty good about the economy right now.
After entering the workforce in the middle of the recession, more of them are getting jobs. They’re saving and paying down debt– though they prefer to avoid it altogether . And now they think the economy is looking up, too.
Roughly a third of millennials are confident that the U.S. economy is getting better, according to a survey  released by BlackRock on Thursday. Some 32 percent of people between the ages of 25 and 36 said they believe the economy is improving. Thirty-four percent said they think the job market is getting better.
“They’re more optimistic,” says Heather Pelant, personal investor strategist for BlackRock.
In a global survey of more than 27,500 investors, BlackRock pulled out the responses of 4,000 people in the United States to get a better sense of how millennials compare to their older counterparts. In several categories, Generation Y seemed to have a brighter outlook.
Millennials were also more likely to say they feel “in control” of their financial future, possibly because they have more time to save and make up any losses, Pelant says. And they’re getting serious about financial planning.
Some of that rosiness is creeping into how they view the stock market. Millennials, more than any other generation, said they are now more comfortable with stocks than they were five years ago.
But that isn’t necessarily leading Generation Y to take on more risk. Younger investors were more likely to be holding cash when compared to other age groups.
Their willingness to save may depend on how much money they have. When asked what they would do if they were given an extra $200 a month, 46 percent of millennials said they would save more and 42 percent said they would pay off debt.  With a bigger windfall of $100,000, some 46 percent said they would save more and 42 percent said they would use the money to invest.
One possible explanation for why younger workers are so gung-ho about saving: They’re terrified about retirement. Sixty-two percent said they were afraid they would run out of money in retirement. And close to 55 percent of young workers said they will never be able to fully retire.
All that worrying could be leading to better habits, Pelant says. “They sort of realize that pensions are not there for them and Social Security is less a part of their plan,” Pelant says. “You see that they’re starting to embrace that.”
Read More:

3 Misconceptions About Your Company s HR Professionalsreddit
There are numerous misconceptions about the human resources function. Many employees do not fully understand the obligations, influence and benefits of HR professionals. I know this firsthand, because throughout my career, I have been in situations where I had to make unpopular choices for the greater good. Here are three of the most frequent misconceptions about HR professionals that would be good for all employees to know.
Misconception 1:  HR is a sounding board for employees.
As HR professionals, we are ethically obligated to follow up on complaints or issues when they are brought to our attention. Many times, employees come to us to vent or share a frustration in confidence. While we will try to help, our obligations are to the employee and the employer. That means, we are not bound to confidentiality and unfortunately, we are not allowed to passively listen. We understand and empathize with your fear of risking your job or retaliation and we will reiterate that bringing forth a legitimate complaint is protected under federal law. Just as employees have a protected right to come forward with a complaint, we have a responsibility to take action on the complaint. HR cannot sit idly by if you complain of inappropriate workplace behavior. If you seek HR's help, we cannot (and should not) keep it confidential. However, we will protect your confidence to the best of our ability and only share the information with those that "need to know."
Misconception 2:  HR only has the company's best interest in mind.
While we would love to just be a sounding board for you, it is helpful for you to understand HR professional's true function. Some employees will believe HR only has the best interest of the company in mind. I disagree. HR straddles a fine line between ensuring compliance and guarding the best interest of all parties. Many HR professionals have stories of managers who wanted to terminate or demote employees without having proper conversations with the employee first. Our role in these circumstances is to make sure the employee receives a fair chance while at the same time, the company makes a smart decision and mitigates any risk. Typically, an employee will never know this happened, because it usually happens behind the scenes and the employee will never learn of these discussions taking place. In the best case scenario, an employee is made aware they are not meeting the expectations of the role and they manage to turn things around. In the worst case, the employee (after failing to turn things around) loses their job. Our job is to make sure the employee has a chance to address performance issues, while the employer complies with relevant laws and regulations while considering past practices.
Misconception 3:  HR can help you negotiate
You always have a friend in HR. But your company's HR person cannot tell you how much of a raise to ask for or how much severance pay you should receive. This is essentially asking for private information about other employees and puts the HR contact in an awkward position. However, behind the scenes, we review pay equity, promotional opportunities, policy development and adherence to policy and past practice. These efforts are to provide a fair opportunity for all, even if it is not visible to the employee. Remember, if you have specific concerns about your pay we can investigate them as we would any complaint.
HR professionals can be a thankless job, hopefully this will help you better understand the role of HR Professional within a company and prevent disappointment or misunderstanding.
Let me know if you have any questions about the role of HR or send me examples where someone misunderstood the powers -- or the obligations -- of human resources in your company.
More:

3 Crucial Money To-Dos For Every Decade Of Lifereddit
You know the saying, "Life is a marathon, not a sprint"? Well, it's actually a good money mantra, too.
Translation: All too often, we race through the nitty-gritty details of our finances and neglect to focus on crucial to-dos in the process -- like saving for retirement long before those golden years approach.
But if you adopt a marathon approach to money, it can allow you to take a more holistic look at your overall financial picture to see how decisions that you make in your 20s and 30s can impact your 40s, 50s and beyond.
Of course, no matter how old you are, financial health usually boils down to the same  three basic goals : paying off credit card debt, growing your emergency fund and saving for retirement. But the way you approach these tasks -- and other money priorities -- may change as you age.
That's why we tapped Natalie Taylor, a CFP® with LearnVest Planning Services , to help make it simpler for you to begin taking more of a marathon tact with your finances by highlighting three of the top money to-dos she believes should be on everyone's radar in their 20s, 30s, 40s and 50s.
3 of the Top Money To-Dos for Your 20s
This is the time when you should be laying the groundwork for a bright financial future, Taylor says. One of the best ways to start? Consider creating a budget and tracking your expenses -- then test it out for several months to make sure it's realistic for you, adjusting it as need be. "This seems like a basic step, but a lot of people miss it," Taylor adds.
RELATED: The One-Number Strategy: A New Approach to Budgeting
The reality is that your finances are likely a lot simpler now than they will be in the future, when you may be juggling priorities like saving for a down payment on a house while also starting a family. So this is why your 20s are an ideal time to establish good money habits -- like getting that emergency fund going -- that can help carry you through the next decades.
1. Tackle Credit Card Debt
It's easy to think that delaying debt repayment until you're older and making more money is a good idea, but this strategy rarely pans out. Because as you make more, your expenses usually increase, too.
"Instead of renting, you're now going to buy a house, or you're combining finances with a partner, or you decide to have a family," Taylor explains. "All that extra money that seemed like it would make things so much easier suddenly isn't there."
This is why now is the time to work on breaking the credit-card-debt cycle for good -- but make sure you're approaching this goal strategically. A common mistake to avoid? Making giant repayments when you haven't properly budgeted for them.
It may seem like a good idea, but you risk running out of cash and then having to withdraw it from your savings account, or worse, running up your credit card bill again just to stay afloat. Instead, take a more measured approach, and be realistic about how much you can afford to repay at once -- then stick to the plan.
RELATED:  How to Be a Financial Virgin Again... at Any Age
2. Start an Emergency Fund
While you're busy paying down your debt, don't forget what you should be building up:  emergency savings . To help accomplish this goal, Taylor suggests setting up a direct deposit from your paycheck into a high-yield savings account, so you aren't tempted to spend that money before you can save it.
Ideally, you should aim to have six times your take-home pay saved up in your emergency fund. But if that figure seems too lofty a goal, your number-one priority is to save one month's worth of income. (We hereby give you permission to focus on this goal even before working toward others, like paying more than the minimum on your credit card bill.) Then graduate to a goal of three months' worth of pay -- and build up from there.
RELATED: 7 Reasons You Need an Emergency Fund
3. Get in the Habit of Saving for Retirement
At this point in your life, retirement is far off, and your 401(k) probably isn't the first place you want to put any extra hard-earned cash. But it can be important to start saving as early as you can: Even small amounts can make a big difference over time, thanks to the beauty of compound returns .
Start contributing a percentage of your paycheck that feels reasonable to you, and then plan to increase it by 1 percent every six months until you max out. And don't forget to fully take advantage of an employer match if your company offers one -- otherwise, you're leaving free money on the table, and trust us, you'll probably need it later.
3 of the Top Money To-Dos for Your 30s
During this decade, your financial goals are likely to get a bit more complicated. Many people are still paying off credit card debt and student loans, working on building emergency savings and kicking retirement savings into high gear -- while also saving for a house down payment and perhaps thinking about starting a family.
So what's the secret to juggling it all?
You can't just work on one goal at a time, but you also don't want to spread yourself too thin, Taylor says. "I look at income like a fire hose," she explains. "If you try to fill too many buckets, none of them are going to get very full."
So she suggests narrowing it down by focusing on your biggest three or four goals. If you haven't mastered the big three -- paying off credit card debt, building an emergency fund and minding your retirement savings -- then those should automatically be your top priorities. But once you've addressed your basic financial security needs, you can start contributing to other goals, like saving for a house or your kids' college.
RELATED: Checklist: I Want to Set Financial Goals for Myself
1. Continue to Hack Away at Debt
If you're still paying down your credit card balances, concentrate on the card with the highest interest rate, while paying the minimum on the others. This will help free you up to focus on other financial priorities sooner -- and help you pay less in the long run.
Ideally, you should also be close to paying off your student loans in your 30s -- or, at least, paying down a significant chunk of them. If you have low interest rates (under 4 percent), there's no need to rush to pay them off, enabling you to contribute to other financial goals in tandem. But if you're paying higher interest rates (6 percent or more), tackling those loans as quickly as possible should be top of mind -- and your to-do list -- after you've achieved financial security.
2. Grow Your Kids' Numbers Too
Little ones may also be entering the picture, and you'll probably have to plan for child care costs , as well as starting to save for college. For the latter, consider opening a 529 plan  and contributing what you can now to help defray tuition costs and other college fees down the road. Just remember that not all college savings plans are created equal -- those sold by investment advisers tend to carry higher fees than 529s you can buy directly from the state, for example -- so  do your homework before deciding which one is best for your family's needs.
RELATED: The Ins and Outs of 529s: What You Should Know About College Savings
3. Reassess Your Insurance Needs
Big life events -- getting married, having kids, buying a house -- can be trigger points for examining whether your insurance needs are being appropriately met. If you have dependents, securing life insurance now will help them maintain financial security in the future if anything should happen to you.
To further protect yourself and those you love, you should also consider both short- and long-term disability insurance in the event that an injury or illness ever prevents you from earning an income, adds Taylor. Start by looking into group policies available through your employer. Otherwise, you can shop around for the best life and disability rates with different insurance carriers or work with a broker you trust. Just keep in mind that they're usually earning a commission.
RELATED: 13 Things That May Make Life Insurance More Expensive
3 of the Top Money To-Dos for Your 40s
This is the decade to consider really hunkering down and making sure you're on top of your money. At this point in your life, you probably want to be out of the credit-card-debt cycle and have your student loans paid off. And as you make more, don't forget to keep padding your emergency fund if possible and revisiting your retirement projections -- while also paying attention to other ways to grow your money.
1. Make Retirement Savings Your Priority
If you have kids, you may be feeling the need to put your retirement savings on hold in favor of saving for college tuition. Well, as the old saying goes: You can borrow for college, but you can't borrow for retirement.
During your 40s, it's critical to understand how much you should be saving for retirement -- and help ensure that it comes first. So you should probably only consider putting money into junior's college fund if you've paid off bad debt and student loans, have a solid emergency fund and your retirement savings are on track.
Now is also a great time to consider how you can pad your nest egg with freelance or consulting work  on the side , which can also help enable you to set the groundwork for having more income-generating options once you've stopped working full-time.
2. Focus Your Investments
Although you may not have paid much attention to portfolio management in your 30s, you've probably started accumulating some wealth by your 40s. These are typically your high-earning years , which makes it a good time to become more thoughtful about whether you're investing in the right way.
"It's important to do goal-oriented investing," Taylor says. What this means is that every investment has a purpose or goal associated with it, enabling you to invest each account according to your time horizon and your risk tolerance for each goal. For example, if a portion of your portfolio is earmarked for your kids' college fund, and they are less than 10 years away from high school graduation, consider making sure your investment allocation for that account is more conservative than funds you're saving for a retirement that's decades away.
RELATED: Should You Be Investing?
3. Splurge -- Within Reason
Just because you're making more money doesn't give you license to get too big for your financial britches. "People often fall into this pattern in their 40s," says Taylor. "All the other stuff is settled, and things are simpler from a financial standpoint."
So before you take off on that three-week trip to Tahiti or embark on a pricey home renovation, make sure your financial picture is truly in tip-top shape. "I'm all about balance -- savoring what you spend and enjoying life today, but also planning for tomorrow," says Taylor. "As long as important financial goals are being met, do the remodel or take that dream vacation."
3 of the Top Money To-Dos for Your 50s
Welcome to the "sandwich generation" years, when you may start to feel stuck between supporting your kids and taking care of aging parents.
But while you'll likely be facing many pulls on your money, it's OK to put yourself financially first. After all, there's a lot that should still be on your radar: retirement, long-term care for yourself, mortgage payments and portfolio management -- just to name a few.
1. Revisit Your Savings and Investing Goals
Your 50s are a key time to fully prep for retirement, whether it's five years away or 15. At this point, says Taylor, you should be "all in," saving as aggressively as you can.
So portfolio management can become even more critical now. "It's time to focus on preparing your portfolio to shift from growth to a combination of growth and income," says Taylor.
Typically, this means reducing risk, which can be accomplished by reducing stock holdings and increasing the percentage of bonds. "You'll also probably want to re-examine the fees you pay within your portfolio, and look for a discount brokerage firm to hold your accounts with low-cost index funds and exchange-traded funds available," adds Taylor.
As you get closer to retirement, your emergency savings goal should now be one to two years of cash. "This way, if a '2008' hits the year you retire, you can just spend cash," says Taylor.
RELATED: How Do You Rebalance an Investment Portfolio?
2. Prioritize Your Needs Over That of Your Kids
During this decade of life, "I see a lot of clients struggling with figuring out how much they can afford to support a grown child," Taylor says. Bottom line: Even though it can be tough, continue to put yourself first. "The clock is ticking, and there's a very real possibility you may not get to work as long as you want," adds Taylor.
RELATED: Where Do You Draw the Line With Adult Children?
3. Make Key Retirement Decisions
"Many of my clients say, 'I don't really know what health insurance covers. I don't know what Medicare covers. I know it's something I need to think about, but I've heard long-term care is crazy expensive,'" Taylor says.
Well, now is the time to get educated.
"Learn about what long-term-care costs can look like, look at your finances to see what the impact would be if long-term care were needed for you or your partner, and then decide if insurance is the best way to meet that need or not," Taylor says. "Don't wait to make the decision until your 60s, when it gets really expensive."
You'll also probably want to revisit your estate plan -- your last will and testament, living will, power of attorney -- and confirm that your beneficiaries are up-to-date on your life insurance and retirement accounts. Prepare a similar form -- called "transfer on death" -- for all your taxable accounts including checking, savings and brokerage. "You want to make sure you're planning for the next 20 to 30 years today," Taylor says.
This post originally appeared on LearnVest .
More From LearnVest

Close More Sales: Be a Servantreddit
My first experience as a sales trainer and coach was with a privately held energy company with nearly 400 employees.  I was so excited to have the opportunity to work with up-and-coming sales representatives to help them improve sales while also enjoying their work more.
I was a little disappointed when I discovered that the first question everyone seemed to ask me was, "What's the secret to closing more sales?"
Over the years, I've noticed that this has continued to be the most popular question with every group I've worked with.  So many people believe that there must be some simple secret to getting a potential customer to, "Yes."  They hope that if they just changed one thing about how they approach the closing process, they will close significantly more often.
Fortunately, there is one simple thing we can do to close significantly more sales: Forget about closing.
In fact, we should forget about trying to make a sale altogether and make it our top priority to be a servant.
The Servant Interview
Most people who have been through sales training learn that a key phase of the sales process is to interview the potential client to determine whether or not our product or service is a fit.  Great sales people, and great sales organizations, realize that focusing on the interview, and shifting the focus of the interview, is the secret to sustainable, long-term sales success.
The sales greats don't look at the interview as a way to simply qualify or disqualify a potential client.  They look at the interview as an opportunity to really understand a broad range of the person's goals, aspirations, and needs.
An effective interview includes questions like:
What are you most passionate about?
What are your top 3 professional goals for the next 12 months?
What are your top 3 personal goals for the next 12 months?
What are the top three issues faced by your organization right now?
By asking questions like this, we uncover all sorts of ways that we might be able to help the person we're interviewing that may have nothing to do with the product or service we're selling.
And that's point!  We're shifting from trying to get a sale to simply being a servant in whatever way we can.
The Power of Being a Servant
There are several reasons why this is so effective.  First, a person can sense when we need a sale, and it repels them.
Have you ever noticed that whenever you were single in your life it was often very hard to get a date?  Why?  It's because the energy of desire or desperation is quite unattractive.  Yet, the moment you're in a committed relationship it seems that everyone wants to go out with you.
In the same way, when our focus is on helping a person however we can instead of on our own desires, we project a confident energy that is attractive to people.  People like us more.  Even more important, when people sense that we're genuinely focused on helping them, they trust us.
As most of us know, people are much more likely to do business with someone they like and trust.
Second, this approach helps us to generate sales even from encounters with people who would not benefit from our product or service.
If our product or service is not the best solution for the problems and needs we uncover during our interview, we still have lots of ways that we can be of service thanks to the thorough interview we conducted.  One of the ways we could be of service is to refer the potential client to someone that could meet their needs, even if that person is our competitor.
This approach prevents us from acquiring a customer that would have ultimately been unsatisfied, which hurts us in the long term.  Also, by helping the person meet her needs, she is likely to refer clients to us.  Referred clients are much more likely to do business with us because there is already some built-in trust.
Third, by building such a solid foundation of trust with a potential client, and only asking for the business when our product or solution is a great fit for that person, closing becomes effortless most of the time.  By the time we ask for the business (if we even have to ask at all), it's essentially a formality.  The client already likes us, trusts us, and sees how we can solve a legitimate problem for him.
An Incredible Return on Investment
In addition to helping us earn new customers, this servant interview approach also helps us with our existing clients.
A great example of this is outlined in an excellent experiment reported by the Database Marketing Institute .
A manufacturer of building products, along with a consulting firm, divided their top 1,200 customers into a test group of 600 and a control group of 600.   The control group was treated exactly as all other customers had been in the past.
The representatives working with the test group significantly ramped up communication with decision makers.   They did not try to sell.  They did not offer discounts.  They simply worked at deepening friendships and providing valuable information.
The results were striking.
After six months, the test group made 12% more orders than they had in the previous six months, while the control group actually made 18% fewer orders (likely because of the recession).  The test group placed 14% larger orders, while orders placed by the control group were actually 14% smaller than before.  Overall, the test group ended up spending $2.6 million more with the company than did the control group during the test period.  The test only cost $50,000, so the return on investment over six months was over 5,200%.
We all have an opportunity to realize an even greater return on investment.  It only costs a little extra time to uncover the legitimate need of another person and work to help them however we can.
--
Matt Tenney is a social entrepreneur, an international keynote speaker, and the author of Serve to Be Great: Leadership Lessons from a Prison, a Monastery, and a Boardroom .  To sign up for his free e-Zine and receive a free e-Book, click here .
Follow Matt Tenney on Twitter: www.twitter.com/@MattTenney1
More:

Afren shares drop as oil production fallsAfren shares plunge as oil production comes in below Q3 forecasts
Joel Lewin
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/49acfcb6-604c-11e4-98e6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The Berlin Wall fell 25 years ago -- but Germany is still dividedBy Rick Noack October 31 Follow @rick_n
A woman and a man walk along the painted East Side Gallery, a former part of the Berlin Wall, and are reflected in a rain puddle in Berlin, Germany, 08 July 2014. The weather forecast predicts more rain for the following days. EPA/PAUL ZINKEN
It can be hard for visitors to Berlin to imagine where the Berlin Wall once separated Germany's communist East from the U.S.-friendly West. Today, commuters run to catch a metro where trains stood for nearly 30 years. Curried sausages are sold and illegal (but popular) parties are celebrated in empty warehouses just feet from where East Germans were shot by their own countrymen as they tried to cross the border to the west.
Next week, Germany will celebrate the 25th anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall and at first glance, it seems as if the country is more united than some nations that were never split. [RELATED: 4 simple lessons the world could learn from German reunification]
As the world marks 25th anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall, Robert McCartney and Marc Fisher, two former Post correspondents, look back at history as it unfolded in front of their eyes. (Davin Coburn and Gillian Brockell/The Washington Post)
But numbers and images illustrating differences in lifestyles and problems between East and West Germans tell a different story. While 75 percent of Germans who live in the east said they considered their country's reunification a success in a recent survey  only half of western Germans agreed. And that's not the only distinction indicating that the separation of the past prevails today.
Before we go in-depth with the Washington Post visualizations and maps shown above, some of them inspired by German news site ZEIT ONLINE , let's take a look at the bigger picture:
Berlin, photographed from a Space Station
Over 20 years since the Berlin Wall was dismantled the effects of separating the city can still be seen from space. The yellow lights correspond to East Berlin and the greener tones show West Berlin. (Copyright: ESA/NASA)
The photo above was taken by astronaut André Kuipers from the International Space Station in 2012. It shows one division of Berlin: While the yellow lights are in east Berlin, the green parts mark the western part.
Daniela Augenstein, a spokeswoman for Berlin's department of urban development, explained  that each side historically used different streetlights. The lights themselves reflect another difference: The streetlamps used in West Germany were much more environmentally friendly, reflecting the emergence of the western German environmental civil movement in the 1970s and 1980s. At that time East Germany was still heavily polluting, and heavily reliant on coal. Today, eastern Germany is the heart of the country's renewable energy transformation. But viewed from space, the historic differences still define Berlin's nightly appearance.
Data reveal further cleavages between east and west.
(Source of the following 8 maps: German statistical office. Visualization: Gene Thorp/ The Washington Post)
After the fall of the Berlin Wall, formerly communist eastern German companies and factories suddenly had to compete with their much more efficient western counterparts. Capitalism came too fast. Many eastern German companies went bankrupt and some regions never recovered from the shock. Until today, income levels are much lower in the east than in the west.
Germany's unemployment rate made headlines when it hit a two-decade low this summer. But that rate is not evenly spread: former West German states still have far better employment levels than their eastern neighbors. That's in part because more young people have moved from rural eastern areas to the west, which has also decreased the amount of job-seeking eastern Germans.
This has led to a paradoxical situation: Many young people in rural eastern Germany say they are forced to move to the west or to larger eastern cities because of a lack of competitive wages and job opportunities. Consequently, many eastern German companies cannot find enough young trainees for entry-level positions and are now recruiting in Poland or the Czech Republic.
Demographic differences are not only the result of joblessness and income gaps. Most foreigners who live in Germany have chosen to settle in the western parts, and their arrival has decreased average ages. Several factors explain the significantly smaller foreign population in the east. Before the fall of the Berlin Wall, western Germany invited many Turks to live in the country as guest workers. Many of them never left.
Furthermore, the climate is less friendly to foreigners in the east, according to a study by Leipzig University researchers who interviewed 16,000 Germans over 10 years. These findings coincide with a larger presence of right-wing neo-Nazi sympathizers. The right-wing National Democratic Party, whose members have often been accused of glorifying Adolf Hitler, enjoys particular support in the east, though they've been relatively unsuccessful at the polls.
Why did right-wing politicians prosper in the once-communist east. The explanation is complex, but scientists often attribute it to a mixture of anti-leftist worldviews after the wall fell and the economic downturn in the east. Many people were disillusioned by Western capitalism, but few wanted a return to communism. Right-wing politicians were quick to fill the void. The great majority of eastern Germans, of course, are welcoming.
The comparisons above might make eastern Germany seem like a bleak place to live -- but in some ways, it's ahead of the west. Take trash production. Why? Here is one possible explanation: Having dealt with constant food shortages until 1989, eastern Germans learned to economize and buy only those items they deemed necessary. This attitude seems to prevail today. However, east-west differences in regard to trash production would be much less pronounced if we only looked at domestic waste, and did not include other sources of trash such as gardens.
Communist East Germany also emphasized child care. While eastern German mothers were usually employed, western German women often stayed home to raise their children. So the East German government invested heavily in child-care facilities, and that legacy remains today.
This map points to another legacy of eastern Germany's communist past. In then-East Germany, agricultural fields were much larger, because they were not owned by individuals, but by a pool of farmers. After reunification, the fields' sizes rarely changed.
(Source: Versorgungsatlas.de/ First used by ZEIT ONLINE / Visualization: Gene Thorp, The Washington Post)
In the east, it was also much more common, and politically supported, to get a flu shot. Even today, eastern Germans are more committed to this practice, as the German news website ZEIT ONLINE recently noted in a comparison between eastern and western habits and beliefs  that is definitely worth a read. (According to the site, eastern Germans also own significantly fewer legal small arms than citizens living in west Germany.)
(Source: Kraftfahrt-Bundesamt/ First used by ZEIT ONLINE / Visualization: Gene Thorp, The Washington Post)
Finally, if you travel Europe and you see two German groups at a campground, you might easily be able to distinguish them. Eastern Germans usually sleep in tents, while western Germans prefer to travel with trailers. We did not find a scientific explanation, but one might posit that it's rooted in western Germans' longer experience traveling the world. Furthermore, many young eastern Germans couldn't even afford a car under communism. Trying to buy a trailer would have been more expensive and nearly impossible for most eastern Germans. While those in the west were able to explore beyond their borders, eastern Germans remained practically imprisoned by their government for nearly 30 years -- until 25 years ago.
Despite the prevailing differences, many consider the German reunification a successful role model. Next week, we will investigate why, and take a look at Germany's younger generation.

Protests continue in Tamil Nadu over death sentence to 5 fishermenPrint
By: Press Trust of India | Chennai | Posted: October 31, 2014 4:04 pm | Updated: October 31, 2014 4:06 pm
Protests rocked different parts of Tamil Nadu for the second day on Friday against the capital punishment awarded by a Sri Lankan court to five Indian fishermen for alleged drug trafficking.
A fishermen’s association at Rameswaram announced that they would go on an ‘indefinite strike’ till the Indian government went for an appeal in a higher court against the death sentence awarded to the five fishermen.
Protesting fishermen lifted blockades in Rameswaram following assurances from Ramanathapuram MP Anwar Raajha, Collector Nanda Kumar and police officials who held talks with them.
The officials assured leaders of the fishermen communities that appeal would be made in the case and that the Centre had also had expressed the view that the fishermen were innocent.
Meanwhile, protests were held in various areas in Chennai, Kumbakonam and Tuticorin by fringe Tamil outfits.
Pro-Tamil groups tried to lay a siege to the Sri Lankan Deputy High Commission in Chennai, but police foiled their attempt. Around 200 activists were detained, police said.
The angry protestors burnt effigies of Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa, condemning the death penalty to the fishermen hailing from the state. Protests were also held outside the office of Sri Lankan Airways here.
Small political outfits burned effigies of Rajapaksa and Sri Lankan national flags in Kumbakonam and Tuticorin respectively, police said. Advocates boycotted court proceedings in Kumbakonam.
Meanwhile, security was stepped up for Sri Lankan assets here, including the Mahabodhi Society, Sri Lankan Airways and Bank of Ceylon, among others.
DMK president M Karunanidhi said since the fishermen had been allowed time till November 14 to appeal in the Supreme Court, the Centre should immediately contact Sri Lankan government and pave the way for their release.

Zivotofsky is not about recognition (II)By Eugene Kontorovich October 31
Continuing the discussion from the last post about Zivotofsky v. Kerry, and recent arguments that it exceeds Art. I powers. A central component of the view that the law in Zivotofsky either exceeds Congress’s Art. I powers or intrudes on the Executive’s is that a passport is “official government speech” by the Executive directed at other countries, and thus all parts of it are statements of foreign policy. I think that is wrong in general, and certainly in this context.
1. A major feature of the statute makes it exceedingly difficult to characterize it as official speech about the status of Jerusalem. The law allows citizens born in Jerusalem to choose whether to put “Jerusalem” or “Israel” on their passports. Thus it is if anything the bearer’s speech, and Congress is simply allowing the passport to be a “public forum” for citizens, like affinity license plates car.
2. On a practical level, a passport with “Israel” on it would not send any message about sovereignty over the city, because foreign governments looking at a passport would not know if the bearer was born in Jerusalem. One might say, ah, but countries will know there is such a law on the books. Even if that matters, it only underscores that the issue is not the communicative content of the passport, or any action by the Executive.
3. While the passport is in part an official communication to foreign countries, there is a lot of stuff in the passport that is not. Indeed, part of the passport says, as Marty Lederman emphasizes, “The Secretary of State of the United States of America hereby requests all whom it may concern to permit the citizen/national of the United States named herein to pass without delay or hindrance and in case of need to give all lawful aid and protection.” But that is one distinct and separate section of the passport, the laissez-passer (pg. 2 of the passport book). It is this part that appears to perform the official communication function of the passport. No other part is addressed from the Secretary of State, nor does this message suggest the whole book is from the Secretary of State. The part that says it is from the secretary is from the secretary, the rest is not.
4. The country of birth is certainly not part of the official communication, and not a necessary part of the passport at all (only being introduced in the 20th century). Indeed, its purpose as admitted by the State Department, is not to communicate to foreign governments, but to facilitate communication within the U.S. government about the bearer. Furthermore, there are other parts to the passport as well. Take, for example, the series of quotes from historical personages. These cannot be taken as official statements of government policy simply because they appear inside the passport. The last page has information about customs, U.S. taxes, and social security. This is not a communication to foreign countries, who are not eligible for social security, but to U.S. citizens. Indeed, if one wants to get semantic, the laissez-passer says “permit the citizen/national… named herein,” and thus incorporates by reference only one of the various identifying pieces of information on the next page, and conspicuously not the country of birth.
5. Finally, one might add that if the Executive wishes to make clear that it is not a recognition, he can do this in a number of ways, like publicly saying “we do not recognize Israeli sovereignty,” or, putting below the “country of birth” line a big disclaimer “this does not constitute a statement about recognition or sovereignty” — nothing in the statute prohibits that. Indeed, the Executive already publishes an official document identifying Jerusalem as being in Israel, accompanied by a similar disclaimer, and no untoward foreign policy consequences.
Eugene Kontorovich is a professor at Northwestern University School of Law, and an expert on constitutional and international law. He also writes and lectures frequently about the Arab-Israel conflict.

Regrets  Eric Holder has a fewBy Jonathan Capehart October 31 Follow @capehartj
Attorney General Eric Holder at the Washington Ideas Forum on Wednesday. (Alex Wong/Getty Images)
In the span of 20 minutes at the Washington Ideas Forum on Wednesday, I covered a lot of ground in my interview with Attorney General Eric Holder. His response where he may or may not have compared former Vice President Dick Cheney to the Frank Underwood character in “House of Cards” got traction. As did Holder’s snap-answer that he’d like Denzel Washington to play him in a movie. But his comments on reporters and press freedom were particularly noteworthy.
Just as I started to ask Holder a follow-up question on race, a protester started heckling the attorney general over his actions on torture and whistleblowers. The interruption provided the perfect segue for me to ask Holder to explain how his tenure gets high grades on civil rights and low marks on civil liberties. What he had to say on reporters was intriguing.
HOLDER: And when it comes to reporters, what I have said, you know, we made changes in the processes that we have in place about how we interact with members of the — the media after the — the controversies erupted, I guess, a couple of years or so ago. But, beyond that, what I have said, and what is a — is a guiding force for this administration is that any reporter who is doing his or her job gathering news is not going to go to jail as a result of that kind of activity.
CAPEHART: But are you going to compel them to testify? Such as James Risen of the New York Times?
HOLDER: Well, you know, the case is still one that has to be tried, and I think we will take actions that are consistent with what I — what I just said.
CAPEHART: Such as compelling testimony?
HOLDER: No, no, we’ll — we’ll see how that goes. You know, people have to understand something. We have been in touch with Mr. Risen’s lawyers. We’ve talked about a variety of things. And, you know, if what we have talked about remains true, I — I think they’ll be a resolution of that that will be satisfactory to everybody. But, as I said, no one’s going to be going to jail. No reporter’s going to jail as long as I’m attorney general.
No reporter is going to jail. That’s a rather bold statement. How the Justice Department and journalists resolve this without compromising journalistic ethics or making a mockery of national security statutes will be fascinating to watch.
Given what Holder said here, I shouldn’t have been surprised by what he said about the case involving James Rosen of Fox News . But I was surprised by how it came up.
CAPEHART: …What is the one decision you made that you wish you could do over again?
HOLDER: I think that — I think about the subpoena to the Fox reporter, Rosen. I think that I — I could have been a little more careful in looking at the language that was contained in the filing that we made with the court.  He was labeled as a co-conspirator .
CAPEHART: Yes.
HOLDER: You had to do that a result of the statute, but there are ways in which I think that could have been done differently, done better, and that’s one of the reasons why I thought the criticism that we received, because of that — and the AP matter as well — was something that we had to act upon, and why we put in place this review of our — the way in which we interact with the media.
When Holder has been asked the “regrets” question since his announced resignation, it usually has been so broad that it encompasses events beyond his control. From what I’m told, this was one of the first times the departing attorney general was asked the “regrets” question about a decision he himself made. And it is rare to have the nation’s chief law enforcement officer admit making a mistake and acknowledge the troubling chilling effect his mistake had on one of our nation’s fundamental rights, freedom of the press.
Still, Holder won’t make any new friends with his mea culpa, least of all Rosen, who put out a statement after hearing Holder’s comments. “Suffice to say for now that the attorney general’s latest comments about my case, like his previous remarks, scarcely address the relevant facts of his conduct.” And that conduct, according to David A. Schulz in an op-ed in The Post yesterday, has “torn down” the “legal protections traditionally afforded to communications between reporters and sources.”
Follow Jonathan on Twitter: @Capehartj
Jonathan Capehart is a member of the Post editorial board and writes about politics and social issues for the PostPartisan blog.

Morning Plum: Last chance for DemocratsBy Greg Sargent October 31 Follow @theplumlinegs
As the battle for control of the Senate comes down to the wire, the major forecasts are edging in the direction of increased likelihood of GOP control of the Upper Chamber. At this point, the path for Democrats to hold their Senate majority is very narrow indeed.
Yesterday, I published an interview with the architect of the Democratic strategy , in which he was very realistic about the challenges they face.
I also asked Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee executive director Guy Cecil this question: If Democrats do end up holding 50 seats — which would appear to be their only plausible way to keep the majority — what is the most likely path to get there? He replied:
“New Hampshire, Colorado, Iowa, and North Carolina are the closest things to purple states that we have. Those states obviously get you to 49 seats. The 50th or 51st state is a jump-ball between a host of states. We’ve seen a lot of progress in Georgia over the last couple of weeks. We’ve seen independents in Kentucky start to move towards Alison Grimes. We’ve seen the race in Alaska start to re-close again. We have a host of states that could be the majority-making states. But clearly, the basis of that is also being successful in the purple states that are competitive at this point in the cycle.“
In other words, with Democrats narrowly favored in New Hampshire and North Carolina, the route to 50 seats will probably also require Democratic wins in Colorado and Iowa at the outset, followed by a surprise pickup elsewhere. This is not impossible. But it’s difficult. Democrats are trailing in both states , albeit narrowly. Any hopes of making up those deficits will turn on whether they can, through brute voter mobilization in the remaining five days, bring in enough unenthusiastic voters, and people who didn’t vote in 2010, to enlarge the electorate beyond what is showing up in the likely voter pools in most surveys.
How is that effort going? Much has been made of the fact that in Iowa, Republicans have outperformed in the early vote. That is true. But would those early Republican voters have voted anyway? And at the same time, are Democrats bringing in voters who wouldn’t have voted otherwise? If the answer to both of those is Yes, than the possibility remains that the electorate will end up larger than the polls suggest, potentially helping Democrats.
Cecil insists this is what the DSCC model shows is happening in Iowa. Most of the GOP early voting there, Cecil told me, “was built off of people who were already regular voters in midterm elections. A disproportionate number of the Democrats were people who did not vote regularly in midterm elections, which is where most of our focus has been.”
Nate Cohn has a deep dive along these lines into the early voting numbers , and concludes they “look good for Democrats.” Though Republicans have kept it close in the raw early voting spread in Iowa, Cohn notes that Democrats are “showing a lead among people who didn’t vote in 2010, 40 to 29 percent.” In Colorado, Cohn writes, Republicans are leading in the raw early voting spread, but “23 percent of those who have voted so far this time did not participate in 2010, and, so far, they are less Republican than those who voted in 2010.” However, even those voters are still more likely to be Republican than Democratic. But Dems could still turn that around with the help of all-mail balloting.
Of course, even if Democrats do win Colorado and Iowa, they’d still then need to win one of the runoffs in either Georgia or Louisiana, or win Kansas or Kentucky, or pull off a surprise in Alaska or even Arkansas. It is very plausible that Democrats could win one out of Colorado or Iowa. But then they’d need two of the aforementioned six, which is getting very hard indeed. And if they lose both Colorado and Iowa — which could very well happen — they’d need three of those six. And that seems borderline impossible.
**********************************************************
* DEAD HEAT IN IOWA: A new Reuters/Ipsos poll finds Bruce Braley and Joni Ernst dead even at 45-45 among likely voters in Iowa. As the Ipsos pollster puts it: “because of the lack of incumbency and because of the closeness of the polls, I genuinely find it too close to call.”
That notion is consistent with the HuffPo average putting Ernst up by 1.9 points and the FiveThirtyEight forecast putting her up 1.2 points. Depending on how voter mobilization goes, this race could still go either way.
* ERNST PUMMELED FOR DODGING EDIT BOARDS: Meanwhile, Bruce Braley’s campaign is circulating video of the latest local network newscast hitting Ernst for turning down multiple invitations to sit down with Iowa editorial boards. As the reporter notes, Ernst did, however, find time for an interview yesterday with Fox News. It’s hard to know how much this will matter in the end, but Democrats hope it will continue to resonate as the final undecided voters make up their minds.
* McCONNELL LEADS IN KENTUCKY: The final Bluegrass poll finds Mitch McConnell now leading Alison Lundergan Grimes by 48-43 among likely Kentucky voters, up from a two-point lead in the last Bluegrass poll. That’s right in line with the average, which shows McConnell up five .
One tidbit from the Bluegrass poll: Only 39 percent say Grimes should have revealed whether she voted for Obama, while 62 percent said she shouldn’t have or didn’t care. Even if Grimes loses, Beltway commentators got it all wrong about the importance of that.
* ECONOMY IS GROWING, BUT DEMS ARE LOSING ANYWAY: Bloomberg News has a good piece outlining a key disconnect in this election: Even though the economy is recovering, the party in power is not benefiting from it. The reason? Despite growth, wages have stagnated . This is instructive:
The Republican Party…has blocked Obama’s proposals to boost worker pay such as increasing the minimum wage, extending unemployment insurance and spending more on the infrastructure to stimulate the economy. Economists say those proposals would help raise living standards and speed up the recovery…The lingering dissatisfaction is largely stoked by weak wages…hostility toward Obama is the centerpiece of the Republican election campaign.
And there you have it.
* BOGUS NARRATIVES ABOUT DEMOCRATS AND LATINOS: Aaron Blake has a terrific piece blowing up the narrative of the moment: That Democrats are suddenly tanking badly with Latinos in the wake of Obama’s delay of deportation relief . As Blake notes, new polling shows Latinos are not that angry about the delay, after all, and declining approval of Obama among Latinos tracks largely with that of the rest of the population.
I would add that this whole narrative is also short-sighted, because if Obama does something reasonably ambitious later, then it may restore the dynamic that has been solidifying all year , in which Democrats are the pro-immigration party and Republicans are the unwelcoming one.
* AND REPUBLICANS WANT YOU TO KNOW THEY AREN’T SCIENTISTS: Coral Davenport tallies up all the Republicans who have recently offered a similar answer when pressed about climate change : I’m not a scientist. When viewed in one place, the totality of it is striking. Note this:
For now, “I’m not a scientist” is what one party adviser calls “a temporary Band-Aid” — a way to avoid being called a climate change denier but also to sidestep a dilemma. The reality of campaigning is that a politician who acknowledges that burning coal and oil contributes to global warming must offer a solution, which most policy experts say should be taxing or regulating carbon pollution and increasing government spending on alternative energy. But those ideas are anathema to influential conservative donors like the billionaire brothers Charles and David Koch.
This is a very clever way out of this dilemma, isn’t it? Of course, Republican lawmakers could instead choose to take their cues from scientists and policy experts. Just a thought.
Greg Sargent writes The Plum Line blog, a reported opinion blog with a liberal slant -- what you might call “opinionated reporting” from the left.

Why the FCCs proposed distinction between edge providers and end users is a very  very bad idea.By David Post October 31
[I am posting below a short essay by my friend and colleague Brett Frischmann of Cardozo Law School concerning the "net neutrality" rules now being considered by the FCC.  I've stayed largely away from the whole net neutrality debate over the years -- too much inside [FCC] baseball  for my taste — but Brett’s been in the middle of it for some time, and I think he draws attention below to a simple, but very profound, problem at the heart of the approach the agency is taking: the distinction it is drawing between “edge providers” (suppliers of content) and “end users” (recipients of content).  One can hardly imagine a more inappropriate distinction one could draw on the Internet that we now have, so much of whose power has come from its “end-to-end” design: all senders are recipients, all recipients are senders, and all IP addresses are equal.  But I’ll let Brett fill in more of the details./DGP]
The key to an open Internet is nondiscrimination and in particular, a prohibition on discrimination or prioritization based on the identity of the user (sender/receiver) or use (application/content).  I explain why at length in my book, Infrastructure: The Social Value of Shared Resources (2012) .  Unfortunately, the rules now being considered by the FCC don’t come close to implementing this simple and important benchmark.  There are many reasons for this, but perhaps the most fundamental is a simple misconception, one that persists in the work of the FCC but also of proponents and opponents of network neutrality.  It is the false distinction between what they call “edge providers” (YouTube) and “end users” (people who watch videos on YouTube).
The currently proposed FCC rules for an open Internet are based on the following definitions:
Edge Provider. Any individual or entity that provides any content, application, or service over the Internet, and any individual or entity that provides a device used for accessing any content, application, or service over the Internet.
End User. Any individual or entity that uses a broadband Internet access service.
The basic distinction suggested by these definitions is that some distinguishable subset of end users use broadband Internet access to provide content, applications, or services (or devices to access content, applications, or services), and these end users are edge providers.
Who exactly are the end users that are not edge providers?  In other words, who uses the Internet but does not provide any content, application, or service?  The answer is no one.  All end users provide content as they engage in communications with other end users, individually or collectively.  YouTube content, for example, comes from end users uploading it. But even passive “consumers” communicate and exchange data.  That is the beauty of the Internet architecture; on the Internet all end-points on the network are equally capable of exchanging content/applications/services with all other end-points.  Think of all the startups and small businesses run from people’s homes on home Internet connections, using WordPress tools or Amazon hosting services. Are they “end users” when they email their friends but “edge providers” when they switch windows to check their business metrics?
What is the point of the provider/user distinction?  It appears to draw a line between (commercial) entities that generate a lot of traffic (and revenue) and those who don’t, but that is confused.  In truth, traffic is generated jointly by many actors communicating with each other.  Besides, that line ignores the fact that the Internet provides a smooth, scalable path that allows all end users to grow businesses and become future YouTubes, Amazons and Googles.
The provider/user distinction is not only false, but misleading and not a helpful foundation upon which to build a regulatory regime for Internet communications. Everything that occurs on the Internet can be understood as a conversation between end users. When I interact with a website I like, whether Amazon.com, Georgetown.edu, or icann.org, or when I send an email to the firms that own those websites or to a friend, or when I engage in a teleconference using Skype, I am having a conversation with other end-users.  The contents of our conversations and nature of our interactions and relationships may vary, but those are all higher-layer considerations that have nothing to do with the infrastructural facilities we use to connect and have our conversations.  All of us end users necessarily rely on access networks to have our conversations.
But when you use the Internet, do you have a conversation with your access network?  It makes sense to frame my interactions with Amazon.com, Georgetown.edu, or icann.org as conversations, but no one besides the access networks themselves believes the access networks are part of these conversations. The access networks simply provide what the telecommunications act defines as a telecommunications service, which is one good reason why the FCC should reclassify broadband Internet access service as a telecommunications service.
The FCC should cast aside the false distinction between edge providers and end users.  There is a better way for the FCC to implement a nondiscrimination principle to keep the Internet open and innovative.  Management of the Internet should be based on quantity and timing of traffic and other related cost factors, not on a false distinction. A nondiscrimination rule that precludes discrimination or prioritization based on the identity of the user or use leaves more than sufficient room for traffic management that is based on quantity of traffic generated, timing of traffic generation, and other related cost factors; in other words, usage-based pricing, congestion pricing, and other cost-based management techniques are not precluded, despite persistent misrepresentations by opponents of nondiscrimination rules.
Some people find content delivery networks like Akamai confusing.  I don’t understand the confusion, to be honest. Akamai is an end user.  Like the rest of us end user / edge providers, Akamai has relationships and conversations with various end users, and to do so, it relies on various access providers.  Though we might not describe ourselves as such, many of us who use peer-to-peer file sharing applications also act as content delivery networks, although perhaps on a smaller scale and in a more distributed fashion.  Neither Akamai nor those of us who use peer-to-peer applications is thereby transformed into a broadband Internet access service; we are simply end users.
In these confused discussions of “edge providers” and “end users,” some folks at the FCC also point to “two-sided market” theory.  This theory, expressed by the FCC Chairman once as involving Netflix and a cable company, oversimplifies the webs of relationships that exist among end users to create the Internet ecosystem and overstates the role of access providers in facilitating those relationships.  The idea of “two-sides” does not account for the many (many) sides of the markets and non-markets on the Internet, and it also largely ignores the spillovers from user generated public and social goods that are perhaps the most important reasons that an open Internet is socially valuable (see my book, Infrastructure ).  When we use WordPress or Wikipedia to have extended conversations with many different end users distributed around the world, the access providers that we rely on (Comcast, Cogent, etc.) are not mediating a two-sided market; nor is WordPress or Wikipedia or Tumblr.  To frame our conversations and relationships as though there are two parties in a market-mediated transaction distorts and cheapens them.
Embedding the false distinction between edge providers and end users in law not only distorts the law and the Internet environment we share, but it also, over time, solidifies the distinction and becomes our reality.  It shapes the environment, and we tend to fit the mold provided.  The danger of accepting the false and misleading distinction between edge providers and end users today is that it will help the distinction to become reality tomorrow.
I realize that my argument is at odds with the 2010 Open Internet Order, the 2014 NPRM, and the proposals of some open Internet advocates (e.g., Mozilla and others who have proposed creative ideas for regulating only the “edge provider” side of things).  So be it. Those same advocates admit that their proposals might not be the best path forward. The FCC has a track record of losing unanimously in court with creative legal gymnastics, and should abandon the entire framework of distinguishing between giant companies and the little guys. All of us pay for Internet access and the FCC needs the authority—whether it uses that authority or not—to ensure that access remains open and free.
The wonderful thing about the Internet and its end-to-end architecture is that we all are capable of being providers, having conversations at the edge without having to include access providers in our conversations.
David Post taught intellectual property and Internet law at Georgetown Law Center and Temple University Law School until his recent retirement. He is the author of "In Search of Jeffersons Moose: Notes on the State of Cyberspace" (Oxford, 2009), a Fellow at the Center for Democracy and Technology, and an Adjunct Scholar at the Cato Institute.

Nominal tax on super rich can lift 9 crore out of poverty: ReportE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Fiscal deficit nears 83 pc of Budget estimates in end SeptE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Movie review: GonegirlPrint
The beauty of Gone Girl was how it made it all seem plausible when suddenly it didn't.
Written by Shalini Langer | New Delhi | Posted: October 31, 2014 7:20 pm | Updated: November 1, 2014 2:26 am
Star cast: Ben Affleck, Rosamund Pike, Neil Patrick Harris, Tyler Perry, Carrie Coon, Kim Dickens
Director: David Fincher
“Who are you?”, “What have we done to each other?”, “What will we do?”. Gillian Flynn talks about questions such as these “stormclouding over every marriage” in the third paragraph of her gripping story about a relationship from hell. Or, is it? The beauty of Gone Girl was how it made it all seem plausible when suddenly it didn’t.
For, if there are two sides to every story, few are held as dear as in a marriage — both of which the book perfectly understood. The problem always was going to be how to translate its gradual transitions as well as unexpected twists onto the big screen. In that, Flynn, also the screenwriter, couldn’t have asked for a better director than David Fincher, the clever exponent of tense relationships, misogynist protagonists, orchestrated violence, and people living double lives (Se7en, Fight Club, The Social Network, The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo).
From his first scenes of the North Carthage town, Missouri, Fincher establishes a place and people keeping up appearances as things go to seed. Then the camera moves in, into the Dunne’s sparkling but strangely lifeless home with Nick (Affleck) looking like a boy lost within it. In his stubble, ill-fitting shirts and awkward manner, Nick appears more at ease in his twin sister Margo’s (Coon) shabbier lived-in home or the downmarket bar they own together.
Following the pattern of the book, the film establishes that this is the day of Nick’s wife Amy’s (Pike) disappearance. And proceeds to tell the story of their marriage from his point of view, as told to the cops, and her point of view, as recorded in her diary. Her entries, written with pen or pencils with girly designed tops at their ends, are happy and excitable before taking a dark, ominous turn.
Unfortunately, this is the portion of the book Fincher decides to economise on, moving on to the stage where we realise that Nick and Amy’s stories don’t match and that their lies don’t add up to the same truth too quickly.
Once that is established though, Fincher handles the second act deftly, establishing the clash of cultures, classes, big city and small city, truth and media hype, even as he is steering through the story of Nick and Amy. Whether it is the smug he in front of the cameras, or the confident she in the midst of people she has never had to deal with, both are out of place. You almost feel sympathy for the two people you are clearly not meant to like, Amy’s parents, who modelled a successful series of children’s books on their daughter that is as much about her continued…

Juniors learn to middle itIn the process of defending their Johor Cup title, the juniors have also have shown a glimpse into the patterns that the future Indian teams may adopt. (Source: PTI)
Written by Mihir Vasavda | Mumbai | Posted: October 31, 2014 1:19 am | Updated: October 31, 2014 6:59 pm
Sultan of Johor Cup game 3: Gurinder Singh collected the ball some 10 yards in front of the half line on the left flank before dodging a couple of Pakistani players and switching flanks by playing a diagonal cross-field pass to Harjeet Singh. The junior India skipper was positioned near the 25-yard line on the right, controlled it with his first touch and played it through to Imran Khan, who deflected it in the path of Armaan Qureshi. The 19-year-old half back finished the move in some style by tapping it past the goalkeeper.
Sultan of Johor Cup semifinal: In the first half against Australia, Sumit Kumar was smothered by the defenders near the 25-yard circle. Instead of trying to dribble past them, Kumar spotted space on the opposite flank and smartly played a square ball from the left to Santa Singh, who drilled in a cross that was masterfully deflected in by forward Parvinder Singh.
For long, lack of creativity in the midfield has been India’s bane. Inability to find space in the opponent’s 25-yard area and holding the ball in the centre have killed many a attack. But in the process of defending their Sultan of Johor Cup title in Malaysia last week, the juniors have also have shown a glimpse into the patterns that the future Indian teams may adopt.
The quick interplay, precise passing and smart deflections inside the ‘D’ were common feature throughout the campaign, outsmarting the Australian colts as well as New Zealand with their slick movements with and without the ball. “The idea is to waste as little time in the midfield as possible. That is one area of the field where nothing constructive happens. The result is always decided in the attacking and defensive third. The centre area is just for the spectators. In the past, we have had the tendency of holding the ball in the midfield. We are trying to change that,” says junior team coach Harendra Singh.
It’s a pattern mooted by high performance director Roelant Oltmans, in an attempt to mix the European style with Indian. The players are being trained to play long, defence-splitting balls into the attacking third. Structural changes are introduced, with strong emphasis on positioning and execution, as was evident in Qureshi’s goal against Pakistan.
Skill where it matters
Once in the 25-yard area, the players have been given the go-ahead to use their skills and flair but have strongly advised against it in the centre of the field. “It’s all about finding space and weakness in opponents’ set-up. It will take a lot of training sessions to achieve perfection in that continued…

US Stocks Open Higher  Following Gains in AsiaThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Telecom Secretary to meet industry on November 5Telecom Secretary to meet industry on November 5
PFC Q2 net profit jumps 11% at Rs 1 408.58 crHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
PFC Q2 net profit jumps 11% at Rs 1,408.58 cr
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 31:  
Power Finance Corporation on Friday reported nearly 11 per cent jump in net profit at Rs 1,408.58 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2014, on account of increase in income from operations.
The net profit during the same period last financial year stood at Rs 1,273.79 crore, PFC said in a filing to stock exchanges.
Income from operations rose to Rs 6,304.70 crore during the period from Rs 5,333.54 crore in the corresponding quarter last fiscal.
The company sanctioned major loans to the tune Rs 12,294 crore during the period.
Its loan assets at the end of April-September period this fiscal increased to Rs 1,99,229 crore, from Rs 1,72,081 crore in the corresponding period last fiscal.
The company’s NPA (non-performing asset) as on September 30, 2014, as a percentage of loan assets stood at 0.77 per cent.
PFC is engaged in funding of various power projects in generation, transmission, and distribution sectors.
The public sector firm is looking for consultants for monitoring the ongoing electricity generation and transmission stations and for facilitating the removal of bottlenecks in project completion.
Shares of the company closed at Rs 281.75, up 1.70 per cent on the BSE.
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

Hatsun Agro Q2 net falls 66.7% to Rs 10.27 crHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Hatsun Agro Q2 net falls 66.7% to Rs 10.27 cr
PTI
Tweet
Chennai, Oct 31:  
Dairy products maker Hatsun Agro Product Ltd has reported a 66.7 per cent decline in net profit at Rs 10.27 crore for the second quarter of this fiscal.
The Chennai-based company, manufacturers of popular Arokya milk brand, had reported net profit of Rs 30.92 crore during the same period of previous year.
Total income from operations for the July-September period surged to Rs 745.19 crore from Rs 611.69 crore in the corresponding period last year, Hatsun Agro Product said in a filing to BSE.
Shares of the company closed marginally down at Rs 310.25 on the BSE today.
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

CSIR scientist Venkata Mohan wins Bhatnagar PrizeCSIR scientist Venkata Mohan wins Bhatnagar Prize
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, Oct. 31:  
S Venkata Mohan, scientist at the CSIR-IICT here has been awarded the Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar prize 2014 in Engineering Sciences.
His contributions in generating wealth from waste leading to the establishment of a viable link between waste remediation, renewable energy and third generation biofuels, has been recognised, a release from the IICT here said.
Mohan is Principal Scientist of Bioengineering and Environmental Sciences (BEES) division. His group for the first time reported the feasibility of using microaerophilic condition in MFC (also called as ‘bio-batteries’) to produce bioelectricity from waste.
His group also carried out detailed studies to elucidate the potential route of fluoride flow from water-soil-food chain in fluorosis affected areas of Prakasam district and established cost-effective treatment methods by using locally available low-cost absorbents.
Mohan is associated with numerous industrial projects on process development, full scale design and pilot scale demonstrations pertaining to wastewater treatment, soil bioremediation and environmental impact assessment studies. He has 7 patents and published 220 papers in peer reviewed journals.
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

Jharkhand: JMM-Congress alliance endsPrint
Written by Deepu Sebastian Edmond | Ranchi | Posted: October 31, 2014 7:13 pm
Pre-election seat-sharing talks between the JMM and Congress broke down in Delhi on Friday, ending a 15-month-old grand alliance that led to the JMM blaming three Congress leaders of sabotaging the deal for personal gains and accusing their party of effectively handing the BJP a walkover in the impending assembly polls here.
The Congress later announced it would contest for the state’s 81 seats along with the RJD and JD(U). It also stepped up its efforts to bring former RSS man and chief minister Babulal Marandi along with its party into its fold.
The JMM has announced it will contest on its own, opening up the possibility of post-poll bargaining with others. “Everyone knows [Congress’s Pradeep] Balmuchu-ji, [Alamgir] Alam saheb and Furkan [Ansari] saheb are responsible for this along with Girinath-ji [Singh, state president of RJD],” said JMM general secretary Surpiyo Bhattacharya. Outgoing chief minister Hemant Soren had been camping in Delhi since Tuesday to thrash out a seat-sharing formula. “The Congress is in a mood to give the BJP a walkover here,” said JMM secretary Vinod Pandey, implying the BJP – already in a position of strength here – is set to gain from the Congress’s decision.
Sources in the Congress as well as JMM said the straw that broke the camel’s back was the dispute over four assembly seats, three of them in the Santhal Pargana region. While Pradeep Balmuchu, a Rajya Sabha member who was the former Pradesh Congress President, wants his daughter from Ghatshila. Alamgir Alam wants Pakur, while Furkan Ansari wants to contest from Madhupur while ensuring his son contested from Jamtara.
All four seats that the Congress insisted on is being held by the JMM. RJD’s Singh wants to contest from Garhwa, where he came second the last time. The paranoia about the future of the alliance eventually got to JMM’s Mithilesh Thakur – who had come third last time when the Congress and JMM fought separately – who hurried to submit his nomination papers even before his party formally nominated him so that he would be ahead of Singh. This also meant Thakur was the first to submit nomination papers in the state.
“Some of our senior leaders were at risk of losing their seats. We had to save the party as well as the honour of our senior leaders,” said B.K. Hariprasad, the Congress General Secretary and in-charge of the state, not hiding his disappointment. Hariprasad had drawn the ire of the Pradesh Congress’s extended Working Committee on October 27 for his October 15 announcement that his party would be part of an alliance led by Hemant Soren.
Sources in both parties say their leaders had broadly agreed to the number of seats each would contest from: JMM had offered 40 seats to the Congress on the understanding that the latter would allocate seats to the RJD and JD (U) from its quota. In the Lok Sabha elections, the JMM had allocated 10 of Jharkhand’s 14 seats to the Congress, one of which it passed on to the continued…

Pansaari brings a chai bar and Indian spice shop to DupontBy Becky Krystal October 31 Follow @BeckyKrystal
Now that we're girding ourselves for our first legitimately cold blast of the season, it may be time to cozy up to the chai bar at Pansaari.
Rano Singh opened her Dupont Circle shop about five weeks ago, which, in addition to tea, sells Indian spices, snacks and sweets. Traditional chai, she explains, consists of nothing more than tea boiled with whole milk, sugar and cardamom. Her masala chai includes "warming spices" such as nutmeg and mace, and the adrak chai contains ginger. Can't choose? The masala adrak is made with all of the above.
The centerpiece of Pansaari, a new Indian shop in Dupont Circle, is its chai bar. (Becky Krystal/The Washington Post)
Singh says that to reduce waste, the chai bar doesn't sell tea to go -- unless you bring your own cup. Nor does it offer that other coffeehouse staple, WiFi. The goal is to get people to talk to each other.
The menu at Pansaari features protein-rich Indian snacks. (Becky Krystal/The Washington Post)
Neither will you find typical Indian restaurant fare on the menu (read: no butter chicken). Singh's food consists of small plates of protein-rich snacks made with ingredients such as chickpeas or paneer, an Indian cottage cheese. Singh, who cooks all the food each morning, says she wants to serve the kind of food she might have eaten at home in India. The menu will change from week to week, but recent fare included aloo tikki potato patties; poha, or flattened rice; paneer pakora (fried cheese); and dhokla, a steamed chickpea batter with a cornbread-like texture. Sweets include kulfi and ice creams made with milk and cream from Trickling Springs Creamery.
To help customers make their own Indian food at home, Singh is also selling a vast array of spices, arranged along an entire wall in glass jars. “I felt there was a niche I could fill,” says Singh, who was encouraged by the fact that that 80 to 85 percent of the contributors to her Kickstarter campaign were not people she knew. She expects her shop will attract younger District residents who care about where their food comes from and who don't have cars to get to Indian grocery stores in the suburbs.
The retail portion of Pansaari, which is Hindi for "grocer," carries several other house-made products, including ghee (clarified butter), chutneys, paneer, kombucha and local pickled ginger. Soon, Singh will begin selling produce from local farmers. Whatever tropical foods she decides to sell will come from Florida, she says.
A kitchen space will host cooking classes and special events, such as dinner parties or team-building exercises.
Singh has been a pediatric physical therapist for 30 years. So why the new venture?
She laughs, recalling how everything changed once her son graduated from college. "I guess I just had a lot of time."
Pansaari, 1603 17th St NW.  www.pansaari.com . Open Tuesdays-Saturdays, 8 a.m. to 8 p.m.; Sundays, 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. The retail store opens at 11 a.m.
Becky Krystal covers food for the Going Out Guide and Weekend and Food sections. In her spare time she loves to, of course, eat and cook.

Dollar reaches 4-year high after BoJ stuns markets© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a8706cfe-60bc-11e4-894b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sheila Dikshit moves Delhi HC against Rs 3 lakhfinePrint
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 31, 2014 8:07 pm
On Friday former Delhi Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit moved the Delhi High Court challenging the Rs 3 lakh fine imposed on her by a lower court for failing to appear before it in a defamation case filed by her against BJP leader Vijender Gupta.
The trial court had on August 30 imposed the fine on Dikshit, who stepped down as Kerala Governor on August 26. The court had earlier also imposed a fine of Rs 5,000 on her for her non-appearance, which was deposited by her in January.
Justice Sudershan Kumar Misra fixed the matter for hearing on December 3.
Advocate Mahmood Pracha, appearing for Dikshit, contended in the plea that she was duly represented through a lawyer before the trial court on August 30, despite which the fine was imposed on her.
The plea also contends that being a complainant in the case going on in the trial court, her presence was not required on each date of hearing.
It has also contended that the trial court did not consider the plea moved by Dikshit seeking a day’s exemption from appearance on that day.
While imposing the fine on Dikshit, the trial court had directed that out of Rs 3 lakh, Rs 2 lakh be deposited with Delhi State Legal Services Authority (DLSA) and Rs 1 lakh be given to Gupta.
The trial court has now directed Dikshit to appear before it on December 20, the next date of hearing.
Dikshit had filed a complaint against Gupta alleging that the BJP leader had used “uncivilised” language against her in the run up to the MCD polls in 2012 while accusing her of helping and conniving with power companies.
The trial court, on August 6 last year, had framed criminal defamation charges against Gupta in the complaint filed by Dikshit.
Dikshit was earlier directed to appear without fail before the court for her examination and cross examination.

Supreme Court issues notice to Gujarat govt on farmers suicidecasePrint
By: Express News Service | Gandhinagar | Posted: October 31, 2014 8:01 pm | Updated: October 31, 2014 8:06 pm
Acting on a petition that, among other prayers, seeks compensation of Rs 5 lakhs for the families of 692 farmers who reportedly committed suicide in Gujarat between January 2003 and  October 2012, a bench of Supreme Court issued notice to Gujarat Government  directing it to file reply in four weeks.
The petitioner group has been identified as Citizens Resource & Action Initiative (CRANTI). It had earlier, in 2013, moved a public interest litigation before Gujarat High Court in this regard. However, the petition was not allowed by HC reportedly on the ground that the prayers sought in it were concerning policy decisions of the government on which the court could not issue any directions.
Following the HC’s order, the petitioner group has approached the apex court. Co-ordinator of CRANTI, Bharatsinh Zala, said that they had collected figures of farmers’ suicide in Gujarat through Right to Information Act (RTI) applications. And the figures revealed that between 2003 and 2012, total 692 farmers had committed suicide in Gujarat.
Zala contended that the police documents related to the suicides indicate that the farmers did not get crop insurance money that led to deteriorate their financial condition and blocked their ability to pay back bank loans.
The petitioner has sought a range of directions by the court to the State Government that includes a compensation of Rs 5 lakhs to the families of each of the farmers who have committed suicide. The petitioner has also sought a direction to the state government to announce a financial package for farmers during drought. The petitioner has also sought a change in agriculture policy of the State Government for the drought affected villages.

Russell Westbrook is hurt  but Wizards are keeping the silver jacket thing going(Via @MonumentalNtwrk )
 
Oklahoma City’s Russell Westbrook made one of the earliest NBA fashion statements this season with his much-discussed shiny silver jacket .
Now Westbrook is hurt . But shiny silver jackets will live on in the NBA, thanks in part to the Wizards new pregame warmup jackets.
Clearly, it’s now the Wizards time to shine. Adam isn’t the only thing silver about the NBA this season. And so on and so forth.
The Ma$e-approved warmup jackets are back. pic.twitter.com/25ICWp7G94
— Jorge Castillo (@jorgeccastillo) October 30, 2014
(Courtesy the Wizards)

Happy Halloween! Here are 7 spooky images from the Middle AgesBy Ishaan Tharoor October 31 Follow @ishaantharoor
Miniature of the Three Living and the Three Dead, accompanying the Anglo-Norman poem 'Le dit des trios morts et trios vifs', from the De Lisle Psalter, England, c. 1308 – c. 1340. (British Library)
There are times when Halloween seems very much a modern fad, what with the profusion of industrially-produced candy and the annual emergence of terrible costume ideas riffing off current events. But what frightens us is largely the same as what spooked peoples centuries before. With the help of the British Library, WorldViews offers a few examples of scary motifs meant to inspire fear in a faraway time.
The image above, of three living men encountering three undead figures, is an old trope. The British Library explains on its blog:
The precise origins of the Three Living and the Three Dead are still somewhat mysterious, but there are many versions of the tale dating back to the 13th century, with the best-known coming from England and France.  The basic version of the story goes like this: three young noblemen are out hunting when they suddenly come across three corpses, which are in varying states of decay, but nonetheless still animated.  Unsurprisingly, the young men express shock and dismay at the sight, while the three corpses admonish them to consider the transience of life and to improve their behaviour before it is too late.
Detail of a miniature of Dante and Virgil witnessing Vanno Fucci, the pillager of a church in Pistoia, being attacked by the monster Cacus and Dante and Virgil speaking to three other souls, tormented by snakes and lizards, in illustration of Canto XXV, from a copy of Dante Alighieri’s "Divina Commedia," Italy (Tuscany, possibly Siena), between 1444 and c. 1450. (British Library)
Monsters stalked the medieval world's spiritual landscape. This image, taken of a miniature that accompanies a version of Dante's "Divine Comedy," shows Cacus, a half-centaur, half-dragon, tormenting one of the historical Italians that Dante consigned to a sphere of hell.
Detail of a miniature of burning costumes of the 'hommes sauvages' during a masked dance in Paris, at the beginning of chapter 32, from Jean Froissart’s "Chroniques," Vol. 4, Netherlands (Bruges), c. 1480. (British Library)
Detail of the Dance of the Wodewoses, from Jean Froissart’s "Chroniques," Vol. 4, part 2, Netherlands (Bruges), between c. 1470 and 1472. (British Library)
The two images above depict people dressed up as hair-covered creatures known as wodewoses. Such "wild men" were a common theme of the Middle Ages, symbols of anarchy, terror and otherness that  lurked on the fringes of the medieval imagination. They exist, in part, to prove to civilized man what he is not -- and also what he always risks becoming.
For what it's worth, the British Library advises in its blog, it's easy to dress up as wodewose: All you need is a "number of hairy suits, some false beards, clubs, and a predilection to dance."
Detail of an historiated initial 'D' with a woman with a skull for a face admiring herself in a hand mirror, and a partial scatter border with gems and flowers including the motto "Memento homo," at the beginning of the Office of the Dead, from the "Hours of Dionora,"  Urbino, Italy (Florence or Mantua), c. 1480. (British Library)
A spooky " memento mori " found in a 15th century Italian text.\
Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse, from Beatus of Liébana," Commentary on the Apocalypse" (The "Silos Apocalypse"), Spain (Santo Domingo de Silos), 1091-1109. (British Library)
Of course, people back then were also terrified of biblical cataclysm and destruction. Here's an image of the Four Horseman of the Apocalypse, riding to the world's ruin upon rather strangely-dotted steeds. The zombie-like monster accompanying them is another harbinger of medieval doom.
Miniature of the Raising of Lazarus and a scene of the Three Living and the Three Dead, from the "Stuart de Rothesay Hours," Italy (Padua? And Perugia), c. 1508 – c. 1538. (British Library)
Another in the British Library's series of "The Three Living and the Three Dead," a scene of the raising of Lazarus is accompanied by a panel showing skeletons rising out of the earth and setting upon a party of travelers and their horses. We've been obsessed with the threat of the undead ever since.
Ishaan Tharoor writes about foreign affairs for The Washington Post. He previously was a senior editor at TIME, based first in Hong Kong and later in New York.

How to maximize your sugar high this HalloweenThis year at Wonkblog we've done data-driven investigations into the most efficient ways of getting drunk and high. We told you how to maximize alcohol and minimize calories . We helped you get the most alcoholic buzz for your buck . We even mapped the states with the cheapest weed .
But this Halloween, many of us will be in search of a different high. A legal high. A sugar high. Which made me wonder: which candy packs the biggest saccharine punch? Short of injecting corn syrup directly into your eyeballs, what's the most efficient way to deliver sugar from your mouth to your brain?
To answer this question, I compiled a list of 36 popular candy brands and performed advanced statistical analysis looked up their product descriptions on Amazon to determine their total grams per serving, the grams of sugar per serving, and hence, the overall sugar percentage for each candy. Which I've charted, below.
 
At just a hair over 40 percent sugar, Twizzlers are the least-sugary candy on the list. This may partially explain why Twizzlers basically taste like plastic. Butterfingers, Almond Joys and surprisingly, Laffy Taffy all weigh in at less than 50 percent sugar.
At the opposite end of the chart, Nerds, Pixie Stix and the criminally underappreciated Fun Dip are a whopping 93 percent sugar. Not coincidentally, all three have held a special place in my heart since childhood.
You'll notice that I've categorized the sweets by fruity-flavored and chocolate-flavored. Candy corn is the only common candy that defies this taxonomy, so it gets a category all its own.
Follow candy corn’s wild ride from Jelly Belly's factory in Illinois until it arrives at a store in Virginia. (McKenna Ewen/The Washington Post)
In general, fruit flavors dominate the high-sugar end of the candy spectrum, while chocolate candy bars are at the low-sugar end. Chocolatey candies typically make up for their relatively low sugar content with the inclusion of other delicious ingredients, like trans fats.
Now, not to be a buzzkill, but research suggests that the so-called "sugar high" is largely a myth . But refined carbohydrates nevertheless can trigger food cravings superficially similar to cravings for drugs. And periodically, a kid will do something dumb like crushing and snorting Smarties , sending parents, teachers, and the whole nation into a frenzy over whether sugary candies are a gateway to the hard stuff - presumably, Skittles and Jolly Ranchers.
But if the sugar high is a myth tooth decay is very real, and we here at Wonkblog encourage our readers to indulge their sweet teeth responsibly. Happy Halloween!
Christopher Ingraham writes about politics, drug policy and all things data. He previously worked at the Brookings Institution and the Pew Research Center.

Jenny Slate and Dean Fleischer-Camp talk their most beloved creation  Marcel the ShellComments
By Rachel Lubitz October 31 Follow @rachellubitz
Marcel the Shell is having a bit of a moment right now. The self-loving, pint-sized mollusk with one eye, pink sneakers from a doll and a pipsqueak voice has, over the last four years, become one of the most darling cult figures of the Internet. He’s starred in YouTube videos that have amassed over 23 million views and is the subject of a New York Times best-selling picture book that chronicles his life in and around a potted plant in the home of actress and comedian Jenny Slate and filmmaker Dean Fleischer-Camp.
We’ve been told in his videos, which are usually framed by a series of questions posed by an off-screen Fleischer-Camp to Marcel, who is voiced by Slate, that: his bed is a piece of bread; his pet is a piece of lint dragged by a string; one time he nibbled on a piece of cheese and his cholesterol went up to 900; and now his dreams are bigger than ever.
So, in the wake of Marcel’s third video release and second book, “Marcel the Shell: The Most Surprised I’ve Ever Been,” we talked to husband-and-wife team Slate and Fleischer-Camp from their home in Los Angeles about how Marcel came to be, where his massive imagination and sense of self-confidence come from and what they see in his brighter-than-ever-before future.
Which came first, the shell or the voice?
Slate: The voice came first. I had never done that voice before which is pretty amazing because I do a lot of voice work. It came up when we were at a wedding and I was feeling really small. Dean had promised his friend that he would do a little video for his show in Williamsburg and once I did the voice we both loved it so much and thought it was so strange that he knew that he wanted it in the video.
And then how did that voice get linked up with a mollusk?
Slate: We were trying to think of an attitude to go with this voice.
Fleischer-Camp: I was scraping together what I could feasibly make in two days for this film and I think we had a shell in our home and I bought a bunch of other things. I remember one prototype was a cotton ball. I was looking for small things to match the voice and the shell worked because it was more organic and the one eye came from wanting it to look cute. I remember reading this thing about youthful features and one of the cutest things are big eyes that are spread apart. It’s like a defense mechanism and apparently it encourages mothers to protect her kids because they look vulnerable.
Slate: That’s the thing that I really adore with him. He’s so handsome. I went to lunch and when I came back, Dean was like, “He’s here!” And there he was, just sitting on the counter. Then we just improvised the name Marcel because it rhymed with shell.
Is Marcel the character inspired by anyone or any type of person in particular?
Slate: I think it comes from an assertion of self-love that I felt like I needed at that time and that calm wisdom and bright intelligence of Marcel is something that is with him all the time. I think it comes from a wish that I could be always be comfortable with myself. 
There really is a meditative quality to it because he’s so, so pleasant.
Fleischer-Camp: I also think it’s honestly just as relaxing to watch as it is to make. His self-love and confidence is something that everyone aspires to. Jenny and I don’t naturally have these things.
Slate: It’s interesting because the energy of Marcel feels really good and it’s very invigorating. What I love about making it is that Dean has a very unique intelligence. The videos could be very cutesy but they’re patient and calm. Like in the third video, when you watch Marcel stand under that leaf in the rainstorm. Dean has a real knack for simplicity and a sense of humor that is really necessary and can be overlooked in comedy. Simplicity and stillness can be the kiss of death. You know, the quiet during a stand-up makes you feel like oh, god, I’m absolutely failing, but people could be listening and laughing at the same time.
Fleischer-Camp: Everything’s so loud all the time that filming Marcel always ends up being the best thing we do all day.
Slate: It kind of affirms that maybe if you’re funny for a living, you’re still worth something when you’re not trying to blow the top off of everything. A character that is small and still can still get the performance just right.
The cover of “Marcel the Shell: The Most Surprised I’ve Ever Been” by Jenny Slate and Dean Fleischer-Camp. Credit: Razorbill, a division of Penguin Young Readers.
A lot of the time, Marcel goes from talking really sweetly and then hits you with something totally devastating. In his latest book, he talks about his Nana Connie who traveled here in a pocket, where she met her husband, and now her husband’s gone, but she still sleeps on the left side of the bread. Is that balancing of extreme lightness and extreme darkness something that you’ve been conscious about doing?
Fleischer-Camp: Exploring the highs and lows in life is one of my favorite things. I think the comedic intention of Marcel in general is one of this bizarre absurd character speaking very dryly about his own world.
Slate: I know that as a performer, I feel both things at once while I’m performing. I feel a huge excitement to be in front of people and I feel a great strength in my comedic abilities but then the potential for my heart to be broken is extreme. That’s the general vibe of my life.
If you’re both open to guest voices coming in to voice a new friend or character, who would you love to have in Marcel’s world?
Slate: My fantasy voice for a Marcel friend would be Yoko Ono. [Laughs] I feel like they would really get along and learn a lot from one another.
Fleischer-Camp: Or Ricky Jay, the magician. We do actually have plans for more Marcel friends.
Slate: Then there’s always James Earl Jones. Oh, and maybe Andrea Bocelli! They could duet! 
As far as the production for each of these shorts, I know it’s stop motion animation which takes an extremely long time. Each short is around three minutes long so how long does it actually take to construct?
Fleischer-Camp: I think for the most recent video, we probably spent three weeks on it. Two weeks was shooting and creating audio and it is painstaking and I don’t know how to do it very well. I’m sort of an amateur animator, if you couldn’t already tell. I always end up somehow making an image up and  backing myself up into a dusty corner and it’s always a lot of these weird side bends to maneuver Marcel around.
Slate: I always thought a scene in a corner of our house with a lot of dust bunnies would be like the elephant graveyard in “The Lion King” for him. [Laughs]
Fleischer-Camp: [Laughs] See, I actually think the most terrifying thing he could ever experience is going to the beach. It would be like the most terrifying graveyard in the world.
I heard somewhere that a lot of Marcel’s lines are actually improvised, is that true?
Slate: Yeah, we keep it really open. Dean is the one that talks about the pacing and then he’ll be like in this amount of time you can say this and this and he’s generous enough with his time that when I improvise a line and it’s the many layers, he’ll go back. Like the “Life’s a party, rock your body” quip. We’re constantly bouncing ideas around in our heads.
Fleischer-Camp: She actually thought of that one when we were in bed. Jenny has a lot of great pick-up lines that she likes to use on me.
Slate: And it fit Marcel so perfectly that we did everything we could to use it. 
He’s blossomed into such a beloved little cult figure over the years. Do you two feel like his proud parents?
Slate: I’m definitely proud that we discovered and created him and I’m really happy about the amount of people that have found such joy in him. I don’t feel like his parents since I mostly feel like him.
Fleischer-Camp: I’d say I am most proud of the way that we’ve developed him. We just released his third video and it seems like we’re a lot closer and that’s a result of us not pimping him out as much as we potentially could have. It’s led to a real intimacy between us and Marcel.
Slate: And it’s nice because I can talk in Marcel’s voice by myself and sometimes I do but he’s really not Marcel if Dean isn’t there. You know the show “Captain Planet”? It’s like they sit next to each other and grow stronger from each other and win the world and that’s what it’s like to work with Dean and Marcel. Our powers combined make it all happen.
Pages 34 and 35 of “Marcel the Shell: The Most Surprised I’ve Ever Been” by Jenny Slate and Dean Fleischer-Camp. Credit: Razorbill, a division of Penguin Young Readers.
 
Since he is so very special, where do you keep Marcel in your home when he’s not busy filming?
Fleischer-Camp: We keep him in a little piece of Tupperware with little cotton balls and other sort of, like, ugly stunt doubles that we use when he falls or does a stunt. They’re his stunt doubles. He sleeps with his stunt doubles.
Slate: We do have a tendency to check on him sometimes and cradle him sometimes just to make sure our little buddy’s doing all right.
 

Finance Commission gets 2-mth extensionFinance Commission gets 2-mth extension
No stopping Younis Khan as Pakistan dominateAustraliaYounis, who hit twin centuries in Pakistan's comprehensive victory in the first Test in Dubai, tormented Australia again with a marathon 213. (Source: Reuters)
By: Associated Press | Abu Dhabi | Posted: October 31, 2014 8:13 pm | Updated: October 31, 2014 8:27 pm
Australia looked unlikely to level the two-match Test series against Pakistan after losing opener Chris Rogers in a brief session while chasing its opponent’s big first-inning total Friday.
In the second Test match at Sheikh Zayed Stadium, Pakistan rode a double century from Younis Khan (213) and a century from captain Misbah-ul Haq (101) before declaring in the last hour of day 2 at 570-6.
In the 5.2 overs that was possible before stumps were drawn in fading light, Rogers edged fast bowler Imran Khan to wicket-keeper Sarfraz Ahmed, before David Warner (16 not out) and night-watchman Nathan Lyon (1 not out) saw them to the close.
Pakistan’s innings was built around the fourth-wicket partnership of 179 runs between Khan and Misbah, after the other centurion of the innings, Azhar Ali (109), was dismissed for the addition of just eight runs to his overnight score of 101.
Misbah, batting under pressure because of his lean run in all forms of cricket, made the most of walking in after the first three wickets had put on 332 runs, and played a delightful knock of 101 before a soft dismissal when he pushed Steven Smith’s leg-spin back to the bowler for a simple catch.
Khan made the most of three reprieves early in the day and took a heavy toll on the Australian bowling as he made his fourth double century and the first against Australia. When he reached 181, Khan also became only the third batsman from his country to reach 8,000 runs.
“I am just a proud Pakistani that I have been able to score a double century and complete 8,000 career runs,” Khan said. “I thought Misbah played a brilliant innings today. He was so positive from the first ball and that helped ease the pressure on me and helped me reach the double hundred. Test cricket is really all about partnerships and we have had some very good ones”
Khan reached 196 with his second six of the innings off Maxwell, whom he lofted over long off, and then pushed the same bowler for a single in his next over to reach his double century. It took him 334 balls and he struck 14 boundaries and two sixes.
He was finally out in the post-tea session, when he played over a slower delivery from Peter Siddle and was bowled for 213.
Misbah played aggressive cricket throughout and slammed his sixth career Test century in just 165 balls with the help of 10 boundaries and two sixes. He is now the oldest batsman from Asia to make a century at the age of 40 years and 156 days.
‘Tomorrow (Saturday) is going to be the moving day for us,” Haddin said. ‘The pitch continued…

President Obama Discusses the Economy in Providence  Rhode IslandVIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE
Upcoming Coverage
THE BIG NUMBER: US Adds 321K Jobs in November, Strongest...
12/08/2014 @ 9:30 AM ET
{"btnClass":"cta_link","link":"#","date":"12/08/2014","endTime":1418049900000,"id":"12/08/2014-0","startTime":1418049000000,"startTimeISO":"20141208T093000","title":"THE BIG NUMBER: US Adds 321K Jobs in November, Strongest...","startTimeText":"9:30 AM ET","linkText":"Add to Calendar","endTimeISO":"20141208T094500","conedID":20646307,"pastEvent":false,"recurring":true}
Story Stock

Three key reasons Goldman cut oil forecastthree key reasons goldman cut oil forecast
The top 13 Senate races in the countryBy Chris Cillizza , Aaron Blake and Sean Sullivan October 31 Follow @thefix Follow @aaronblakewp Follow @WaPoSean
In our final rankings of the 2014 Senate field, Republicans are well-positioned to win the six seats they need to retake the majority and have a reasonable chance to claim eight or even nine seats if the national environment continues to move against Democrats in the final days.
Of the 13 races in which both parties are spending heavily, Republicans have the top eight pickup opportunities. That includes races that are effectively already over -- open seats in Montana, South Dakota and West Virginia -- as well as badly endangered incumbents like Sens. Mark Pryor (Ark.), Mark Begich (Alaska) and Mary Landrieu (La.). Perhaps most surprising are Republicans' prospects in Colorado and Iowa -- two seats that were long assumed to be likely Democratic holds but, as of today, look like they are tilting slightly toward Republicans.
Republicans have only three seats in any danger -- Kansas, Georgia and Kentucky. Sen. Mitch McConnell (Ky.) appears to have moved ahead of the persistent challenge from Democrat Alison Lundergan Grimes, and likewise, Georgia's runoff system is making it more difficult for Democrat Michelle Nunn to pull of an upset there. Sen. Pat Roberts (Kan.) remains in serious danger and, if one Republican incumbent loses, it will probably be Roberts.
Taken in totality, Republicans have a number of paths to the six seats they need to take control heading into the 114th Congress. As Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee executive director  Guy Cecil rightly pointed out in an interview with Plum Line's Greg Sargent  this week, there are "10 races that are within three points." Given that competitiveness, it's possible that Democrats see most close races tip their way and save their Senate majority. Possible. But not probable.
Below are the rankings of the 13 most competitive races in the country. The No. 1 race is the most likely to switch parties, and the rest are ranking in order of that likelihood.
To the line!
13. Kentucky (Republican-controlled): Last week, Democrats spent a lot of time insisting that Alison Lundergan Grimes was in striking distance of Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.). This week? Not so much. The new Bluegrass Poll , which showed the race very close last week, came out Thursday night and gave McConnell a 48 percent-to-43 percent edge. Democrats say it's closer than that. But they don't say they're ahead, either. (Previous ranking: 13)
12. New Hampshire (Democratic-controlled): A WMUR/UNH poll released Thursday showed Sen. Jeanne Shaheen (D) leading Republican former senator Scott Brown by eight points. Democrats think Brown made a big mistake when, they argue, he got  tripped up by New Hampshire geography in the final televised debate on Thursday, but the moderator later said Brown was actually right. Brown still has a chance, but Shaheen is popular and has the edge heading into the weekend. (Previous ranking: 12)
11. Georgia (R): For a moment there, it was looking like Democrat Michelle Nunn might flirt with getting 50 percent of the vote on Election Day – a number that would win her the race outright and avoid a January runoff. Then, a few polls showed Republican David Perdue up. The last two polls have been tied. The point here is that Nunn would be hard-pressed to win a January runoff . She really wants to not only beat Perdue on Election Day, but also get to 50 percent, which is tougher with the libertarian candidate taking a few percentage points. (Previous ranking: 10)
10. North Carolina (D): Democrats feel good about their ground game here and they like the campaign that Sen. Kay Hagan (D) has run. She appears to have slight edge in the polls over Republican Thom Tillis. Democrats need to hold this seat more than Republicans need to pick it up. The national pressure on Hagan to hang on to her narrow advantage is immense. (Previous ranking: 11)
9. Kansas (R): Ever since the National Republican Senatorial Committee all-but-took-over the campaign of Sen. Pat Roberts (R), he's done what he needed to put himself back in contention -- bringing in big-name GOP surrogates, keeping up a full campaign schedule and attacking independent Greg Orman hard. But what has it done? Polls show it has basically pulled him back to even with Orman. This is toss-up heading into the final stretch. (Previous ranking: 8)
8. Iowa (D): Let’s give state Sen. Joni Ernst (R) a slight advantage for now. She leads narrowly in most polls, and the early vote has been surprisingly good for Republicans . This is still a swing state, and there’s plenty of time left in the early-voting period. Rep. Bruce Braley (D), though, finds himself a somewhat unlikely underdog. (Previous ranking: 9)
7. Alaska (D): How’s this for intrigue: Republican Dan Sullivan led every poll (albeit narrowly) for two months. But the final poll here, from local pollster Ivan Moore, has Sen. Mark Begich (D) up by six points . We’re not sure many folks believe the poll -- which also shows longtime Rep. Don Young (R-Alaska) in serious danger -- but polling in Alaska is notoriously tough, so nobody is counting this one as over just yet. And that uncertainty, plus developments in Colorado (see below), lead us to drop this behind the Centennial State. (Previous ranking: 6)
6. Colorado (D): Democrats just shake their heads when asked what happened to Sen. Mark Udall (D). The most common explanation for the incumbent's current plight is that he got caught napping when Rep. Cory Gardner (R) reversed course and decided to run. No matter the reason, Udall will enter Election Day as the underdog. But Democrats believe there is the potential for very high turnout thanks to the state's new vote-by-mail system -- a scenario, that if it comes to pass, could save Udall. (Previous ranking: 7)
5. Louisiana (D): A recent poll showed a tight race on Tuesday between Sen. Mary Landrieu (D) and Rep. Bill Cassidy (R), but when it comes to the likely runoff, Cassidy led 48 percent to 41 percent. As we’ve noted, runoff polling isn’t terribly reliable this far out . But as long as Cassidy can rally supporters of tea party favorite and likely third-place finisher Rob Maness (R), he would be a clear favorite in the runoff. (Previous ranking: 5)
4. Arkansas (D): A poll from the University of Arkansas on Thursday showed Rep. Tom Cotton (R) leading Sen. Mark Pryor (D) by 13 points -- Cotton's biggest lead to date. But the poll, for what it’s worth, was among “very likely” voters, not just the usual "likely" voters. Still, it’s hard not to count that as a pretty good sign for Cotton. (Previous ranking: 4)
3. South Dakota (D): The Democratic push to put this state in play has fallen flat. As Rick Weiland (D) is fighting with his national party, Republican former governor Mike Rounds has regained his firm lead and independent former GOP senator Larry Pressler has fizzled. After a brief scare, the GOP is once again poised to pick up this seat. (Previous ranking: 3)
2. West Virginia (D): Rep. Shelley Moore Capito (R) got into this race almost two years ago. (She announced  around Thanksgiving 2012). Her persistence and candidate quality ensures victory. (Previous ranking: 2)
1. Montana (D): Rep. Steve Daines (R) is going to walk into the Senate after the Democratic field imploded. (Previous ranking: 1)
Chris Cillizza writes “The Fix,” a politics blog for the Washington Post. He also covers the White House.
Aaron Blake covers national politics and writes regularly for The Fix.
Sean Sullivan has covered national politics for The Washington Post since 2012.

The shrimp youre buying isnt always what it claims to beSomething smells fishy. (Robert F. Bukaty/AP Photo)
America's favorite seafood is often something other than what it's advertised to be.
Of the nearly 150 shrimp products tested by environmental group Oceana at more than 100 vendors in the United States, some 30 percent were found to have been mislabeled, misleadingly labeled, or what the study calls a "mystery," because two shrimp from the same bag were of different species.
"With shrimp, it is almost impossible to know what you are getting," write the researchers, who tested the DNA of shrimp sold at restaurants, grocery stores and food markets across the country.
Specifically, 15 percent of the shrimp Oceana tested was wrongly labeled, 10 percent carried a label that was misleading, and 5 percent seems to have found its way into the wrong bag.
(Source: Oceana)
The most common mistake observed was one in which whiteleg shrimp, which is usually farmed in Southeast Asia and often done so under reprehensible circumstances , was called “wild” caught shrimp, which carries the opposite connotation. But the labels frequently misrepresented shrimp origins, species, and method of production.
In all, the study identified 20 different species of shrimp. Whiteleg shrimp, which accounts for roughly half of all shrimp sold in the world, was the most common, followed by white shrimp and brown shrimp, which are often caught "wild" from the Gulf of Mexico. But among the rest were a few troubling outliers, including eight shrimp species that aren't included in the FDA's list of approved seafood, three which were unrecognizable, and one, the banded coral shrimp, which is more commonly found in aquariums, as a pet.
Oceana is careful to warn that its study isn't necessarily a nationally representative sample—the survey spanned only 70 restaurants and 41 grocery stores across 12 cities in the United States—but the group's findings are still indicative of what could be an alarming trend.
Shrimp consumption has soared over the past few decades, outpacing canned tuna as the country's most eaten seafood. As of 2012, Americans ate nearly 4 pounds of shrimp per year per person, which is nearly as much as the next two, canned tuna and salmon, combined.
But as demand has climbed upwards, so too has the country's appetite for imported shrimp. Nearly 90 percent of shrimp eaten in the United States (89 percent as of 2012, to be exact) now comes from overseas, partly to accommodate the country's appetite but largely because imported shrimp is cheaper.
The problem with imported shrimp, however, is that it's often difficult to track its origins—specifically, how it was caught, harvested, or most likely, farmed. While the United States requires that shrimp products carry a country-of-origin label, that label only shows the most recent country in which the shrimp was processed. For consumers looking to avoid shrimp farmed in, say, Thailand, where shrimp production has been  tied to slave labor , that's a disconcerting lack of information. And poorly farmed fish can contain chemicals unfit for human consumption, as well as  significant amounts of antibiotics . Even imported "wild" seafood often comes from illegal pirate fishing .
Imported seafood also isn't as well-regulated as one might expect. The FDA, which is responsible for the safety of seafood imports, inspects a surprisingly insignificant portion of them—somewhere between 1 and 2 percent, according to the Food & Environment Reporting Network . U.S. Customs Service and NOAA Fisheries, which also help with overseeing seafood imports, inspect as much as 40 percent. Still, that means more than half of imported seafood goes unchecked.
Oceana, for its part, proposes a commitment to transparency and customer information. "Without traceability and more informative labels, sustainability guidelines are difficult, if not impossible, to follow, robbing consumers of the ability to make confident choices to protect their health, the oceans, or to use their consumer power to stop human rights abuses," the study says.
The good news is that the U.S. government appears to be on the same page. In June, Secretary of State John Kerry shared the Obama administration's plans to make sure Americans "know exactly who caught it, where, and when."
Roberto A. Ferdman is a reporter for Wonkblog covering food, economics, immigration and other things. He was previously a staff writer at Quartz.

Board of Filatex India approves investment of upto Rs 250 crore at DahejBoard of Filatex India approves investment of upto Rs 250 crore at Dahej
Patel would have resolved Kashmir issue: ChouhanPatel would have resolved Kashmir issue: Chouhan
Gold prices hit four-year low  slump by Rs 600Gold prices hit four-year low  slump by Rs 600
Russian Deputy PM to visit India ahead of Modi-Putin SummitRussian Deputy PM to visit India ahead of Modi-Putin Summit
Fadnavis  swearing-in ceremony (Sidelights)Fadnavis  swearing-in ceremony (Sidelights)
FM pegs FY15 GDP growth in 5.5-5.9% rangeFM pegs FY15 GDP growth in 5.5-5.9% range
Totally bad result again.at this rate it will start showing losses soo...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Yes investor9999.....haldyn is excellent pick fr long term n a sure mu...Platinum Member
512 Followers
Haldyn glass is the best pick for me at the moment. I am buying Suven, Chandra Prabhu, Patels air temp, bhageria, many others but Haldyn is my top recommendation. I will keep buying it until it crosses 27 through sip. You can consider it as the top pick from the boarder of the day if you wish.

Once book at 145 5 nov sat decision maay come positive for co then 165...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Buffett s Blunders Cost Him Billions This Weekbuffett s blunders cost him billions this week
Elaine Thompson / APCash, credit or debit? Retail hacks force 'freaked out' holiday shoppers to rethink
Ben Popken TODAY
Elaine Thompson / AP
A customer swipes a MasterCard debit card through a machine while checking-out at a shop in Seattle.
Consumers are shopping scared this holiday season. And dangerously.
They've got plenty of reason to do the former. In the past year, retailer after retailer has announced they've discovered malware hidden inside their credit card swipe machines that skimmed the payment data for millions of customers' credit and debit cards.  Just this week Staples announced it was investigating a new breach involving at least 13 stores in the Northeast.
Skittish, nearly half of shoppers plan on avoiding stores hit by data breaches, according to a new Creditcards.com survey.
But shoppers have no reason to shop unsafely at the stores they choose to patronize. Using a credit card gives shoppers more protections than either debit cards or cash. If your debit card is stolen in a new malware breach, hackers can drain your account dry with online purchases or clone your card and make ATM withdrawals anywhere in the world.
"With credit it’s innocent until proven guilty," said Alex Cook, a 52-year old musician in New York. Previously a scammer tried to charge $500 at a Staples in New Rochelle using her debit card info. Getting the funds back proved a trial. "Dealing with banks you’re guilty until proven innocent."
Despite this, only one in eight respondents to the Creditcards.com survey said the breaches would make them more likely to use a credit card.
Outside a Staples in New York City's Midtown, Sonia C, a 34-year-old producer who declined to give her last name for privacy reasons, said she prefers to use debit. 
"It's easiest," she said, compared with carrying around a wad of cash for holiday shopping, or dealing with credit card bills and finance charges.
She's right. Instead, the money comes right out of your account. That's true whether you're shopping, or a fraudster is using your stolen card information. After a scam, it could take nearly two weeks for the money to be restored to your account, assuming the bank sides with you.
That came as news to Sonia.
"I'm freaked out," she said.
Video: TODAY’s Jeff Rossen shows viewers just how quick and easy it can be for a hacker, like the ones behind the Target breach, to make duplicate copies of credit cards and start a spending spree.
Even though credit and debit cards look and swipe the same, a 3.370 by 2.125 inch piece of plastic with numbers on the front and a magnetic strip on the back, when trouble hits they're pretty different.
A debit card, akin to an evolved ATM card, is real money from your bank account. That's true even if you select "credit" instead of "debit" at checkout. 
A credit card, on the other hand, is basically a plastic loan. You can dispute questionable charges before you have to pay for them, instead of fighting to get back money into your account.
"You're just better off by and large paying with a credit card because you have more rights and you're not out the money," said Susan Grant, Director of Consumer Protection at the Consumer Federation of America.
Additionally, banks are allowed to wait up until 10 days to refund fraudulently withdrawn funds. For many, that's too long.
"Consumers find their checking account empty or almost empty and they don't have money to pay for rent," said Paul Stephens, director of policy and advocacy for the Privacy Rights Clearinghouse.
Debit cards are also harsher when it comes to how quickly you have to spot fraud and report it to get all your money back. Per federal law, if a thief goes on a spree with a credit card, you can only be liable for up to $50.
But for debit, you have two days to report it after it's fraudulently used to be liable for up to $50 only. Report it between two business days and less than 60 days of getting a statement that included the unauthorized charges and your liability jumps to $500.
Take more than 60 days and you could be on the hook for the whole thing.
That's according to statute. As a matter of customer service and policy banks can be more lenient. During the breaches this year banks have said no customer will be held responsible for any unauthorized charges. 
After the Target breach that affected 40 million credit and debt cards, "Sanchez," a 67-year-old cook at a Westin in New York, who declined to give his full name out fear that fraudsters could spot it online and use it to conduct further attacks, said thieves hit his debit card with $1,200 in charges. He said the bank put the money back and in letters wrote they were temporarily restoring the funds to his account pending the results of their investigation.
Ever since, he's paid only in cash to avoid any risk of hackers stealing his account information. 
"Everybody has got to open their eyes," he said. "Especially during the holiday times."
Email Ben Popken at ben.popken@nbcuni.com or follow him on Twitter @bpopken .
Tags:

Fed cites improved labor market  ends QE as plannedJob Market
Fed cites improved labor market, ends QE as planned
The Federal Reserve said it sees further improvement in the labor market while confirming it will end an asset-purchase program that has added $1.66 trillion to its balance sheet.
The Federal Reserve said it sees further improvement in the labor market while confirming it will end an asset-purchase program that has added $1.66 trillion to its balance sheet.

Maruti Suzuki Says Car Sales Growth CoolingYou are here: Home Corporates
Maruti Suzuki Says Car Sales Growth Cooling
Reuters | Updated On: October 30, 2014 16:54 (IST)
Steve Jobs Gives Posthumous Testimony in Apple Trial
India's biggest carmaker Maruti Suzuki India said growth in car sales would slow in the second half of the year, dampening expectations of a rapid recovery in the country's automotive market.
Maruti, which sells almost one in every two cars in India, beat analyst estimates with a near 29 per cent rise in its quarterly net profit on Thursday, thanks to a 15 per cent jump in car sales during the six months to September 30.
But R.C. Bhargava, Maruti's chairman, said sales momentum was now slowing, and growth over the 2014-2015 financial year would average out at about 10 per cent.
(Read: How Maruti Performed in Q2 )
"The situation of course is not as bright as many people hoped it would be at this point. We do not expect that the growth in sales of Maruti will be as high a percentage in the first half and this will slow down," he told reporters following the release of the company's results.
Indian car makers are launching new and upgraded models of their cars, betting on improved consumer sentiment and an economic recovery under Prime Minister Narendra Modi's new government.
Passenger car sales in India, expected to be the third-largest market by 2018, are forecast to rise between 5 and 10 per cent this fiscal year, after two years of declining sales.
To fend off competition from rivals such as Honda Motor and Hyundai Motor, Maruti plans to launch new and upgraded models of its cars over the next 12 months, including in the premium segment where it has had little success in the past.
This will include an SUV in the first quarter of 2016, Bhargava said.
Maruti Suzuki, controlled by Japan's Suzuki Motor Corp, said its net profit for the July-September quarter was Rs 863 crore compared with Rs 670 crore a year earlier.
Analysts expected the company to report a net income of Rs 828 crore, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Net sales of the company, famous for its low-cost, entry-level compact cars, rose 17.5 per cent to Rs 11,996 crore in the July-September quarter, the company said.
Bhargava said Maruti's board had decided to recommend an increase in the foreign institutional investor holding limit in the company to 40 per cent, broadly the level of public shareholding in the stock, in a response to shareholder complaints that the limit was an unnatural restriction on their freedom to buy and sell shares.
(Copyright Thomson Reuters 2014)

Government Plans to Reduce Stake in PSU Banks to 52%: SourcesThe government is planning to reduce stake in the public sector banks to 52 per cent, sources told NDTV. The Cabinet is likely to take up the issue next month, the sources added.
The move could help PSU banks to raise capital to meet the Basel-III norms.
The government is also planning to seek an additional Rs 11,000 crore for public sector banks, apart from the budgeted Rs 11,200 crore, sources said.
Public sector banks require equity capital of Rs. 2.4 lakh crore by 2018 to meet Basel III norms. For the current fiscal, the government has allocated Rs. 11,200 crore for bank capitalisation.
The PJ Nayak committee appointed by the Reserve Bank of India to review the governance of banks in India had recommended reduction of government's stake to 51 per cent in PSU banks. However, the government wants to hold an additional 1 per cent stake as a matter of cushion to protect its shareholding above 51 per cent, sources said.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in August said that said bad loans in the banking system rose to Rs 2,45,809 crore in 2013-14, as slower economic growth hurt companies' ability to repay loans on time. Indian economy grew less than 5 per cent in each of the previous two years, in its worst slowdown in decades.
In comparison, bad loans were at Rs 1,83,854 crore in 2012-13 and Rs 1,37,102 crore in 2011-12.
Many institutions have raised the issue of bad assets, particularly in public sector banks. The World Bank recently voiced concern over the bad assets at Indian banks. Moody's Investor Services also had also called for strengthened capital buffers in view of poor asset quality of Indian banks.
The PSU banks, especially the mid-tier banks, are in a particularly difficult position due to their high share of stressed assets and weak capital and earnings positions, Fitch said.
(With Agency Inputs)

Black money: SIT says whoever looted India will be punishedThe RSS and its affiliates are keen to promote an 'Indianised' version of the country's history. Will their radical reinterpretation change how key events and characters are viewed? HT finds out.
SIMPLY PUT
For the real ‘green shoots’ look at who’s getting hired
Recruiters say the drive to hire employees is often triggered not by actual investment or expansion but on the expectation of that happening - a bit like how the Sensex rises on anticipation of good things happening, writes HT editor-in-chief Sanjoy Narayan.

Sahara Not Interested in Selling Properties: SebiSteve Jobs Gives Posthumous Testimony in Apple Trial
Market regulator Securities and Exchange Board of India or Sebi on Thursday moved Supreme Court over Sahara's failure to sell properties to repay investors. In its petition, the market regulator said it has received complaints from buyers that Sahara is not interested in selling its properties.
Sebi asked the court to direct Sahara to reveal all the offers it has received about property sale and explain why it had not acted upon them. The market regulator also sought that the court itself sells the overseas properties owned by Sahara.
The Supreme Court in August had allowed Sahara chief Subrata Roy and two of his group directors to use the fully air-conditioned conference room inside the Tihar Jail complex to negotiate the sale of properties. Sahara had sought to sell its properties to raise the Rs 10,000-crore bail money for Mr Roy.
Mr Roy was initially given 10 days by the Supreme Court to talk to potential bidders for three hotels, including Grosvenor House in London and the New York Plaza, and his stay at the Hi-Tech Office in the jail complex was extended by the court on several occasions.
But early this month, Mr Roy was sent back to his cell in Tihar Jail after Sahara failed to seal deals for selling properties.
In its petition, Sebi has also sought that Sahara must file a report to the top court about the schedule of its balance of payment of around Rs 47,000 crore.
Mr Roy has been in jail since March after he failed to appear at a contempt hearing in the long-running dispute with the capital markets watchdog over the company's failure to repay crores to investors who were sold outlawed bonds. He is yet to be charged over the dispute and denies any wrongdoing.
Story first published on: October 30, 2014 17:43 (IST)

A granular look at the Great Indian MarketTweet
A clutch of rich States and large cities is likely to propel the demand for goods and services
India’s 29 states and seven union territories are at different stages of demographic and economic evolution. Richer and more urbanised states like Gujarat and Tamil Nadu differ in potential compared to rapidly emerging ones such as Andhra Pradesh, or states breaking out of low growth equilibrium such as Madhya Pradesh and Bihar.
Our approach helps companies understand which states are likely to contribute to India’s growth, and identifies the potential size of households in different income segments within each state, allowing them to estimate future market demand for specific categories of goods and services.
For instance, by our estimates, eight ‘High performing’ states (with an average GDP per capita of 1.2 to 2 times that of India, and the ‘Very high performing’ states are those with greater than 2 times India’s average GDP per capita) will account for some 52 per cent of India’s incremental GDP growth from 2012 to 2025. Along with four ‘Very high performing’ city-states, these will be home to 57 per cent of India’s consuming class households in 2025.
Other states will see rapid growth in the household segments just below the consuming class. Companies can use these insights to make decisions on their footprint. For example, would doubling the sales force in Punjab be more effective than doing so in Rajasthan? Should a new product entry be focused on a clutch of Western states, or Southern ones?
Identifying attractive cities and their hinterlands: Within the urban areas of states, we focus on the top one hundred cities distributed across states, distinguishing between metropolitan cities (cities with a population of more than one million) and others in this group. For example, in 2012, India had 54 metropolitan cities which together with their hinterlands (65 districts) accounted for 40 per cent of GDP, and 45 per cent of consuming class households.
Hinterlands, in this instance, refer to districts in which metropolitan cities are situated and stretch across.
We estimate India will have 69 metropolitan cities in 2025, and together with their hinterlands they will account for 54 per cent of India’s incremental GDP from 2012 to 2025 and 50 per cent of India’s total income in the terminal year.
In short, the incremental growth offered by these cities is similar to that provided by India’s eight ‘High performing’ states mentioned above.
Depending on the cost to serve, level of competition, type of consumer and existing footprint, companies could focus on the eight states or just on the 69 cities and the cities housing them, to target roughly equivalent market potential.
Tapping into metropolitan clusters: For companies looking at a granular pan-India play, another approach would be to target metropolitan clusters.
Our work suggests just 49 such clusters (183 districts) will drive about 77 per cent of India’s incremental GDP from 2012 to 2025. (We define ‘high potential’ districts as those that accounted for the highest share of GDP in 2012 and will account for the highest share of incremental GDP through 2025. 49 clusters include 5 standalone districts — Amritsar, Bhopal, Gwalior, Kota and Patna.) Top-ranked metropolitan districts constitute the nucleus of these clusters with the surrounding ‘high potential’ districts making the cluster a serviceable market.
A company that operates in the 10 largest cities of India and targets consuming class households may simply choose to expand either in the hinterlands of these cities or the collective group of 21 ‘high growth, high affluence’ clusters, rather than building a broad-based national footprint.
To benefit most from the granular approach, companies need to tailor their strategies to effectively cater to growth markets. An integrated approach would comprise three key steps:
Developing alternate granular heatmaps of investible pockets: A growth matrix of investible pockets needs to be created and mapped to priority geographic segments and product categories and extensions.
For example, several automotive companies have prioritised rural expansion as a growth driver supplemented by product extensions (lower cost platforms), and have prioritised high potential rural markets for the next wave of growth. At the same time, several companies are challenging the fundamental product and geography heatmap and exploring different methods to identify new pockets of opportunity.
As an example, a leading food retailer recently identified a new business line for direct-to-home beverage sales for the top 20 cities based on redefining the growth matrix to a product category and shopping occasion heatmap.
Reallocating resources significantly: Once the potential for growth across the product-geography matrix has been ascertained, companies need to determine the appropriate level of resource allocation.
This requires understanding the scale of resources needed to ensure the strategy is dynamic, for example for capital expenditure, sales force, promotion and advertisement spend, as well as understanding the triggers required for review and reallocation. Dynamic companies reallocate up to 5 to 10 percent of their resources and achieve over twice the growth of companies who allocate just 3 to 5 per cent of their resources.
Developing a tangible implementation roadmap: Companies need to define critical capability gaps and develop detailed implementation plans across the full business system (marketing, sales and operations) to build new competencies relevant to their growth strategy.
In our experience, more than two-thirds of growth strategies fail because of a lack of attention to detail and the inability of management to break-down the strategy to tangible actions that the front-line needs to initiate to accelerate growth. As India prepares for its next phase of high-growth, companies looking to succeed in the changing economic and business environment should consider identifying granular growth opportunities. Subsequently fine-tuning strategies to specifically target various consumer groups across markets will help them emerge as winners in the near-to-long term.
Transformation of two laggards
Bihar: Efforts to improve the enforcement of law and order, and a modest increase in physical infrastructure, especially road connectivity, have made Bihar one of the fastest growing states.
From 2005 to 2014 its GDP grew at 9.5 per cent annually, compared to 7.5 per cent for India as a whole.
Additionally, Bihar grew its highway network by some 25 per cent between 2007 and 2010. These infrastructure initiatives enabled the construction sector to grow by more than 20 per cent per year.
Other core sectors, such as manufacturing and communication, have also grown at 15 to 20 per cent annually. The state managed to turn its economy around while maintaining fiscal prudence — its 2013 estimated budget deficit is at 2.9 per cent.
Madhya Pradesh: The turnaround in MP’s economic performance is more broad-based, with agricultural GDP growing by 10 per cent each year between 2005 and 2014, much higher than its historical annualised growth rate of 2.3 per cent from 1995 to 2004. The state invested in bringing more land under irrigation, which rose from 7 lakh hectares in 2004-05 to 21 lakh hectares in 2011-12.
The power sector was reformed. As a result, the power sector in MP grew at the rate of approximately 14 per cent per year between 2008 and 2013, compared to about 5 per cent for India as a whole.
Extracted and edited with permission from the report ‘India’s economic geography in 2025: states, clusters and cities — Identifying the high potential markets of tomorrow’ prepared by McKinsey Insights India October 2014
(This article was published on October 30, 2014)
Related

Will Tim Cook Pave the Way for Other Gay CEOswill tim cook pave the way for other gay ceos
FTC Sues Dating Site For Making Fake Loversftc sues dating site for making fake lovers
Teal pumpkins mean worry-free treats for kids with allergies this HalloweenBy Abby Ohlheiser October 30 Follow @abbyohlheiser
Many American children with food allergies will look for teal pumpkins on doorsteps this Halloween. The unusually colored pumpkins are meant to signal that the home has allergen-free items for trick-or-treaters.
Erik Geier, 5, poses with a teal pumpkin that will be displayed outside his family's Elkhart, Ind., home for Halloween. (Brandi Puntney Kucenski/The Elkhart Truth via Associated Press)
It's part of a new initiative from Food Allergy Research & Education, called the Teal Pumpkin Project .
Participating households are supposed to have non-edible treats on hand for kids who might not be able to eat many popular and traditional candies. Organizers suggest items such as glow sticks, spider rings, playing cards and stickers as acceptable substitutes.
The campaign is being organized by FARE , a food allergy advocacy organization that is distributing a couple of versions of posters designed to explain the campaign.
"The Teal Pumpkin Project is designed to promote safety, inclusion and respect of individuals managing food allergies – and to keep Halloween a fun, positive experience for all," the organization says on its Web site .
"Food allergies can be life-threatening, and they affect one in 13 children in the U.S.," Veronica LaFemina, vice president of communications with FARE, told Reuters . "Chances are, there's a child in every neighborhood managing food allergies....Children managing other diseases in which candy represents a problem – like diabetes and celiac disease – also benefit."
FARE has a map of known participating locations.
The idea for the project came from the Food Allergy Community of East Tennessee. The organization told WBIR that the idea started with its director, Becky Basalone, who "painted a pumpkin teal with her boys and put it out on her porch as part of a conversation piece for when people came to the door. And it really spurred from there," said South Chapter coordinator Amanda Painter.
Abby Ohlheiser is a general assignment reporter for The Washington Post.

Top 5 Fears that Paralyze Small Business Owners and Stop Growthreddit
As an executive business coach, it's fair to say that most business owners intuitively understand that in order to develop a successful company we must be prepared to put in long hours, days and nights of work. We tell ourselves, friends, mentors and advisors that we are motivated to succeed at all costs and will not give up until we can offer jobs, fulfill a need in the marketplace, meet our personal lifestyle goals, and achieve financial freedom and a sense of purpose.
But the truth is, there's a huge roadblock that paralyzes our growth in its tracks. No, I'm not talking about being denied a loan from a bank, not getting a contract or even receiving a bad review on Yelp. Rather, small business owners are plagued with fears the size of a mustard seed, which grow, paralyze and harm their business growth.  In my executive coaching business, I routinely hear CEOs express these top 5 fears that prevent their growth.
1. Fear of Failure
- Many business owners are afraid of failing at running their business. They think failure is indicative of their character, a sign of times to come, and a reminder that it was a bonehead move to quit your job to chase a pipe dream. However, successful entrepreneurs will attest that failure comes with any and all business. Without experiencing failure, how would you've learned that the product line or service you launched just wasn't ready; how would you've learned that your business model is ineffective and that you should shift to another model; how would you've have the internal fortitude to continue to persevere.  Instead of belittling ourselves for failing in our business or life, we must realize that failure is an opportunity to improve upon a mistake, get the kinks out so we can move one step closer to achieving success and is not indicative of our character.
2. Fear of Success
- Surprisingly many business owners are afraid of what comes with success. They are afraid of the additional demands on their life, family, hobbies and career that come with new contracts and employees, increased sales, and a need for expansion. Thus, they avoid prospecting, pursuing and bidding on new contracts, or developing their company into an industry-leading expert. To reduce the fear that success brings, business owners need to surround themselves with and develop a team of smart, talented individuals who are eager to get the job done. It takes time to build a winning team, but it can be done if the right amount of time and resources are invested to hiring the best and avoiding the rest.
3. Fear of What Others Will Think
- Business owners likely won't admit this, but many are afraid of what others think of them, thus stalling the growth of their company. I admit this was a problem for me as I pursued Human Resource contracts with companies. I was worried that they would view my healthy follow-up as a sign of a desperate, thirsty business owner. To be viewed as desperate and thirsty is a negative blow to my ego and company. To remedy worrying about what others think, I had to realize that I had a service that was beneficial to these companies, and I had to put my pride aside, hit the pavement, and eagerly, not desperately follow-up with prospects - otherwise I will always be working for someone else who will determine how much money I would make.
4. Fear of Sales
- Business owners often fear sales because no one enjoys cold calling prospects to get their business, having their proposal rejected or meeting resistance because a prospect wants to wrangle over a few hundred dollars. Early entrepreneurs who haven't yet developed a repertoire of sales strategies or closings to get a deal or don't have enough money to pay a sales rep, especially abhor the idea of sales. To remedy the fear of sales, a business owner can either enroll in a sales training course which is offered by some of the top business organizations in the country, or they can get a sales coach who can teach them the psychology of selling and closing and attend sales calls with them to provide feedback on how to be a better salesperson.
5. Fear of Networking
- For those of us who dislike cold calling prospects, networking is the next best strategy to meet warm potential leads. Business owners who attend networking events such as trade shows, breakfasts or luncheons can meet potential prospects that can likely become customers. However, business owners fear networking because they feel they have the gift of gab to talk with prospects. The main thing to gain from networking is to be strategic about the events you attend, and don't attend the events with the intent of getting new business. Rather, attend events with the expectation to meet new people who you can help by providing introductions or giving them insight on trends in the industry. When you are viewed as someone they trust, you will find it's easier to get business. Additionally to eliminate the fear of networking, practice your elevator speech prior to attending these events so you can feel comfortable talking about your business.
Business owners who can quickly address these top 5 fears will likely be able to meet their goals of developing their company into an industry-leading business, offering jobs in the community, having financial freedom, and achieving a sense of purpose.
Follow Dr. Tiffany D. Sanders on Twitter: www.twitter.com/DrTiffanyS
More:

Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Q2 Net Up 7% at Rs 165 CroreYou are here: Home Corporates
Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Q2 Net Up 7% at Rs 165 Crore
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 30, 2014 20:26 (IST)
Steve Jobs Gives Posthumous Testimony in Apple Trial
New Delhi: Glenmark Pharmaceuticals on Thursday posted a 6.98 per cent increase in its net profit at Rs 165.07 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2014.
The Mumbai-headquartered firm had posted a net profit of Rs 154.29 crore during the same period of the previous fiscal, Glenmark Pharmaceuticals said in a statement.
Glenmark's net sales rose by 14.25 per cent to Rs 1,671.53 crore during the second quarter as compared with Rs 1,463 crore in the same period of the last fiscal.
"Despite the challenging environment, we have performed well across geographies viz India, Europe and LatAm (Latin America). The environment continues to be tough especially in the US where product approvals have slowed down considerably and the channel consolidation has impacted overall sales," Glenmark Pharmaceuticals CMD Glenn Saldanha said.
During the quarter, the company's sales from Indian formulation business stood at Rs 478.15 crore, up 14.48 per cent, compared with Rs 417.68 crore in the year-ago period.
Glenmark Generics Inc, USA posted revenues of Rs 507.55 crore in Q2 FY15, a decline of 9.01 per cent as against Rs 557.86 crore in the corresponding period a year ago.
For the half year period ended September 30, the company posted a net profit of Rs 349.9 crore as against net profit of Rs 282.9 crore in the corresponding period last year.
Net sales of the company for the half-year period ended September 30 rose to Rs 3,149.35 crore as compared to Rs 2,700.88 crore in the same period of the previous fiscal.
Shares of Glenmark today closed at Rs 711.70 per scrip on the BSE, down 0.38 per cent from its previous close.
Story first published on: October 30, 2014 20:25 (IST)

Fadnavis to take oath as Maharashtra CM todayFadnavis to take oath as Maharashtra CM today
PTI
Devendra Fadnavis
Mumbai, Oct 31:  
Devendra Fadnavis will today take oath as the 27th Chief Minister of Maharashtra and the first from BJP in the state, at a grand function which Shiv Sena has decided to boycott because of “constant humiliation’’.
Sena’s mouthpiece Saamana today confirmed that no MLA or MP from that party will attend the function at Wankhede Stadium. It also wished all the best for the new CM in his task to develop Maharashtra.
“Our MLAs have expressed that they should be treated with respect if the BJP wants them to be part of the government. If that is not happening, then no one from the Sena will attend the ceremony, not even (party chief) Uddhavji,” said Sena MP Vinayak Raut.
The Sena said it has been “constantly been humiliated” by the BJP, “which has not gone down well with our MLAs’’.
The Sena was hoping that a solution would emerge after a meeting between Prime Minister Narendra Modi, BJP president Amit Shah and CM designate Fadnavis in Delhi yesterday.
Fadnavis, 44, will take oath of office in the presence of Modi, Shah, chief ministers of several BJP-ruled states, corporate leaders, Bollywood stars and other celebrities.
Senior BJP leader Rajiv Pratap Rudy said a small team will take oath with Fadnavis and the expansion of the council of ministers would be conducted later.
Around 10 ministers are expected to be sworn-in today, BJP sources said.
Fadnavis, a fourth-term MLA from Nagpur, will be the 27th Chief Minister of Maharashtra and the 18th person to hold the post. He will also be the fourth politician from Vidarbha region to become CM and at 44, the second youngest person to hold the top post in Maharashtra.
A thick security blanket has been thrown in and around the iconic Wankhede Stadium in South Mumbai with more than 2,500 security personnel being deployed for the swearing-in ceremony.
Over 1,100 traffic policemen will ensure the smooth movement of VIP and VVIP vehicles around the sprawling cricket ground and along the roads leading to the venue from domestic airport.
The stadium, hosting the first open air oath-taking ceremony, has been declared a no flying zone, police said.
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

BOJ Shocks Markets With Surprise Easing as Inflation SlowsYou are here: Home Economy
BOJ Shocks Markets With Surprise Easing as Inflation Slows
Reuters | Updated On: October 31, 2014 11:49 (IST)
India's Forex Reserves Up $1.432 Billion to $316.311 Billion
Tokyo:
The Bank of Japan surprised global financial markets on Friday by expanding its massive monetary easing as economic growth and inflation have not picked up as expected after a sales tax hike in April.
The jolt from the BOJ, which had been expected to maintain its level of asset purchases, came as the government signalled its readiness to ramp up spending to boost the economy and as the government pension fund, the world's largest, was set to increase purchases of domestic and foreign stocks.
After a tight 5-4 vote by its board members, the BOJ said it would accelerate purchases of Japanese government bonds so that its holdings increase at an annual pace of 80 trillion yen ($723.4 billion), up by 30 trillion yen.
The central bank will also triple its purchases of exchange-traded funds (ETFs) and real-estate investment trusts (REITs) and buy longer-dated debt.
"Japan's economy continues to recover moderately as a trend and its expected to keep growing above its potential," the central bank said. "But weak domestic demand after the sales tax hike and sharp falls in oil prices are weighing on prices."
BOJ Governor Haruhiko Kuroda, who is to hold a news conference at 3:30 p.m. (0630 GMT), had been relentlessly optimistic about the prospects for economic recovery and for ending 15 years of deflation.
The benchmark Nikkei stock index spiked to a 7-year high on the BOJ bombshell. It was up 4.7 per cent in late trade, building on early gains from the news of the asset-allocation changes by the Government Pension Investment Fund.
The yen tumbled, with the dollar climbing to 110.68 yen, its highest since 2008, from 109.34 before the announcement.
"It's easy money, so financials, banks and securities, and real estate stocks stand to benefit further." said Masayuki Doshida, senior market analyst at Rakuten Securities.
"Markets were worried about the state of the Japanese economy, especially with the next sales tax rise (planned for late 2015) on the horizon."
Data earlier on Friday showed Japan's inflation slowed for a second straight month in September and is just half the BOJ's target of 2 per cent, while job growth showed signs of peaking, in a reminder of the challenges the central bank faces in its quest to pull the economy out of nearly two decades of deflation.
Stripping out the effects of April's sales tax hike to 8 per cent from 5 per cent, annual core consumer inflation was 1 percent, data showed, casting further doubt on the BOJ's argument that its 2 per cent inflation target will be met sometime next year.
On the fiscal front, Economy Minister Akira Amari said, "Our cabinet's stance is to make full efforts as needed" to support the economy, he told a regular news conference, when asked about the chance of compiling a fiscal stimulus package.
Underscoring the stark reality, household spending fell for a six straight month in September from a year earlier, while the job-availability rate eased from its 22-year high in August.
A Japanese government panel overseeing the Government Pension Investment Fund (GPIF) approved plans for the fund to raise its holding of domestic stocks to 25 per cent of its portfolio from a current 12 per cent, sources said on Friday.
The $1.2-trillion Government Pension Investment Fund (GPIF)is under pressure from Prime Minister Shinzo Abe to shift funds towards riskier, higher-yielding investments to support the fast-ageing population, and away from low-yielding Japanese government bonds.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

OPMs Story of Maria illustrates benefits of education for federal workersBy Josh Hicks October 31 Follow @reporter_hicks
Remember those “ Life of Julia ” graphics from President Obama’s 2012 campaign?
The pastel slide shows told the story of a fictional character who benefitted from the administration’s policies from cradle to grave, sparking a debate about whether Democrats encourage government dependence or just support programs that help women.
The Office of Personnel Management appears to have taken a page from that book with its “ Story of Maria ,” a tale about the educational achievements of a federal worker.
OPM seems to have taken a page from the 2012 Obama campaign with this special report about education levels within the federal workforce. (Courtesy OPM)
OPM used Maria to highlight findings from its annual Federal Employee Viewpoints Survey , which asked personnel for the first time this year to provide information about their education.  The data allowed analysts to determine how education levels can affect advancement opportunities, financial well-being and workers’ value to their organizations.
The resulting report , obtained by The Washington Post and scheduled for an official release on Friday, says that 39 percent of respondents who entered the federal workforce a decade ago have increased their education to some extent.
The most drastic increase was among personnel who started government service with a high school diploma. Among those employees, representing about one quarter of the overall federal workforce, 86 percent improved their educational status over 10 years.
The data also shows that federal workers can improve their chances of becoming managers and supervisors with each level of education that they complete after high school. According to the report, employees have a 15 percent chance of such promotions with a high school diploma, compared to 18 percent for personnel with bachelor’s degrees and 23 percent for those who finished graduate programs.
Additionally, the report said federal workers can increase their earning potential by 18 percent with a bachelor’s degree or by 29 percent with an advanced degree.
Those findings aren’t exactly surprising, but notice how OPM used Maria to frame the discussion:
“Maria talked with her supervisor, who concluded that continuing her education would be a benefit to her department as well as to her. The manager made use of an authority under the Chief Human Capital Officers Act of 2002 that allowed the government to pay for some of her education expenses, knowing that in return the department would have a more skilled and engaged employee.”
Budget cuts in recent years have forced federal agencies to cut back on training and education for their employees, so you can see how Maria’s story makes the case for increased funding in those areas.
As such, OPM’s use of Maria is nearly identical to how the Obama campaign used “The Life of Julia” to promote policies such as the Affordable Care Act’s birth-control mandate and federal grants for female entrepreneurs.
President Obama’s 2012 campaign used “Life of Julia” infographics to compare the administration’s policies to those of GOP candidate Mitt Romney. (Screen shot from BarackObama.com)
“Investing in the development of our workforce is not only critical in maintaining a competitive and well-equipped workforce, it is also a very useful tool to recruit and retain our employees,” OPM Director Katherine Archuleta said in a statement about the education findings.
Josh Hicks covers the federal government and anchors the Federal Eye blog. He reported for newspapers in the Detroit and Seattle suburbs before joining the Post as a contributor to Glenn Kessler’s Fact Checker blog in 2011.

Core industries  growth logs 8-month low in SeptCore industries  growth logs 8-month low in Sept
Starbucks to roll out delivery service to some markets"Imagine the ability to create a standing order that Starbucks delivered hot or iced to your desk daily," Schultz said during the call.
The company declined to provide further details.
The U.S.-dominated Americas region contributes the majority of Starbucks revenue. Sales for the region rose 6 percent for the third quarter, bolstered by a 2 percent increase in traffic.
"We grew traffic, but it was at a bit of slower clip," Troy Alstead, Starbucks' chief operating officer, told Reuters.
Free coffee giveaways and other battles for breakfast customers were not to blame for Starbucks' traffic deceleration, Chief Executive Officer Howard Schultz said on a call with analysts.
This holiday season, the company is giving away 13 "Starbucks for Life" passes to North American users of its Starbucks loyalty card or mobile pay service. Winners will get one free food or drink selection per day for 30 years.
The report from the world's biggest coffee chain came on the heels of disappointing news from breakfast rivals McDonald's Corp and Dunkin' Donuts parent Dunkin' Brands.
While Starbucks reported stronger same-store sales than those chains, its growth paled in comparison to Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc's outsized 19.8 percent jump in same-restaurant sales for the latest quarter.
The Seattle-based company's net income was $587.9 million, or 77 cents per share, for the fiscal fourth quarter that ended Sept. 28. That compared with a loss of $1.23 billion, or $1.64 per share in the year ago quarter, when it booked a large charge related to ending its grocery coffee distribution deal with Kraft.
Starbucks also forecast fiscal 2015 revenue growth of 16 to 18 percent, including more than $1 billion in incremental revenue from the planned acquisition of Starbucks Japan.
It now expects earnings excluding items in the range of $3.08 to $3.13. The company previously forecast earnings growth at the low end of a range of 15 to 20 percent. The new forecast falls in the middle of that range, Chief Financial Officer Scott Maw told Reuters.

Super Nani review: It is loud  badly planned and lousily executedCast: Rekha, Sharman Joshi, Randhir Kapoor
Director: Indra Kumar
Rating: 1/5
Rekha is back on the silver screen with Indra Kumar's Super Nani.
Indra Kumar, the director of Dil, Beta, Raja, Masti and Grand Masti, is back with his latest film Super Nani and it seems he is still stuck in the ‘70s. Despite having a thought provoking climax, the film gets reduced to a collage of tacky family dramas of Nutan-Mena Kumari era. Interestingly, the film has an entire 20 minute sequence that pays homage to yesteryear heroines. However, all this happens in such a manner that the audience starts feeling trapped inside a saas-bahu soap.
Bharti Bhatia (Rekha), a Patna born hardworking lady, has spent her entire life in the service of her family that includes her husband RK Bhatia (Randhir Kapoor), son Suketu (Rajesh Kumar) and daughter Gargee (Anchal Dwivedi). Her daughter-in-law (Shreya Narayan) is also a pain in the neck for Bharti. Nobody treats Bharti better than a doormat until her relative Mann (Sharman Joshi) arrives from America who devises a way to turn the tables and put Bharti back on a high pedestal.
The film has a regular storyline which showcases Rekha as a helpless mother who simply accepts every rude gesture of her family members as another litmus test. This too shall pass is her mantra in life while in her heart she craves for her husband’s attention who is simply blown away by his secretary’s intelligence and beauty. Seems like an old story? I can’t take a no for no because this is one story which has been played on Indian celluloid for more than 50 years, and even the most creatively challenged filmmaker stopped milking this plot two decades ago.
I am ok with the fact that Indra Kumar made a film on a mother’s plight but I can’t sustain the treatment he has given to it. There is one sequence in the film which shows Rekha cooking food for everybody and singing a prayer to Lord Krishna for the eternal welfare of her family and then she comes back to the dining table only to be humiliated again. Sorry, but more than Rekha this becomes a torture on the audience’s intelligence.
I am not denying the fact that it could be a reality in today’s India. In fact it is, but why should an innocent moviegoer suffer because the director couldn't think  of anything better. Anyway, just when Rekha thought it’s a never-ending saga, she gets selected for a modeling assignment. This turns out to be a life changing move for her and she starts earning money, power and respect, but her family still needs a severe jolt to accept her authority.
The transformation from Mother India to Mrs India happens in a jiffy and Rekha becomes a woman who can seek revenge and get some screws tightened. As expected, everyone realises their mistake and the house becomes a home, hopefully forever.
Super Nani is loud, badly planned and lousily executed. Rekha as Bharti Bhatia tries her best to save a film which simply refuses to grow beyond the walls of Lalita Pawar’s house but there is absolutely no novelty and freshness in the idea and the characters are so strident that the viewer begins to blame his fortune within minutes.
Watch: Super Nani trailer
Indra Kumar is a veteran and knows the tricks of the trade and thus his choice of making a film like Super Nani astonishes me. Actors can’t do much about a film which is based on a redundant premise and as a consequence they look bored, uninterested and tired.
The climax of the film generates some sympathy towards the cause of women empowerment but Randhir Kapoor’s hamming takes away even that bit of compassion out of the flabbergasted spectator.
Super Nani isn't worth your time. It has absolutely nothing to offer. I wouldn’t be surprised if some actors never get a call from producers after this film.

Pennsylvania manhunt ends quietly after seven weeks of tensionSuspected cop killer Eric Frein in custody
View Photos
His capture ends a lengthy manhunt for one of the FBI’s most wanted fugitives.
Caption
His capture ends a lengthy manhunt for one of the FBI’s most wanted fugitives.
Oct. 31, 2014  State troopers escort Eric Frein from the Blooming Grove barracks. Frein, accused of opening fire on the barracks last month, killing state police Cpl. Bryon K. Dickson II and critically wounding trooper Alex T. Douglass, was arrested the night before after a 48-day manhunt. Jason Farmer/Scranton (Pa.) Times-Tribune via AP
Buy Photo
Wait 1 second to continue.
Still, for residents in the region, the hunt had an impact on a regular basis. Several schools in the region were closed early in the search , due to concerns for students waiting at bus stops, and some schools had also  been closed again recently after possible sightings of Frein. Trick or treating had been canceled for Halloween. People living in the area had been told to shelter in place  multiple times, while a partial hunting ban was put into place, as the manhunt dragged on and became a part of daily life for people who grew used to hearing helicopters overhead and navigating roadblocks.
The manhunt was dotted with potential sightings, and police say they will figure out which were accurate now that they have Frein in custody. It was also a long process for those combing the woods. When Frein was captured Thursday, he was placed in Dickson’s handcuffs, Gov. Tom Corbett said. He was brought to the same Blooming Grove barracks where police said he had opened fire.
“If you attack troopers, and a civilized society, the Pennsylvania State Police will bring you to justice,” Pennsylvania State Troopers Association President Joseph R. Kovel said in a statement. “Eric Frein is a coward. Cpl. Bryon K. Dickson II and Trooper Alex T. Douglass are true heroes.”
Raymond Tonkin, the Pike County district attorney, said Friday morning that the investigation is still ongoing.
“We have now started to find the answers that the community desired in this case,” he said during a news conference.
Lt. Col George Bivens of the Pennsylvania State Police said during the same news conference that the officers hunting for Frein “never lost faith.” He said that Frein was not found due to a tip or because he had sought out police, but during one of the routine sweeps law enforcement officials were conducting.
Authorities have said they will seek the death penalty for Frein, who has been charged with murder, assault and other offenses . Pennsylvania has not executed anyone since 1999 .
After the news conference ended outside the Pike County Courthouse, where Frein was being arraigned, people who had gathered to listen broke into a small smattering of applause for Bivens and the other authorities who had sought to reassure the public.
Authorities say they plan to seek the death penalty against Eric Frein, a survivalist accused of ambushing two Pennsylvania state troopers, killing one and seriously wounding the other. (AP)
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He runs Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.

Fed s Kocherlakota defends dissent  cites drop in inflation outlook0
"I am not one of those participants," Minneapolis Fed President Narayana Kocherlakota said in an essay for the regional bank's newsletter, posted on its website. "We cannot expect the public to know that the (Fed) views deviations from its inflation objective in a symmetric fashion" unless the Fed explicitly says so.
"I would support including the above clause" about the public's view in the framework statement that the Fed publishes each January to describe its inflation goal, Kocherlakota wrote.
Kocherlakota dissented in October against the Fed's decision to end its bond-buying stimulus despite below-target inflation.
(Reporting by Ann Saphir; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli)

Burkina Faso president Blaise Compaore steps down  calls for electionsBurkina Faso president Blaise Compaore steps down  calls for elections
HAL opens Su-30 (MKI) ROH project stores at NashikHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
HAL opens Su-30 (MKI) ROH project stores at Nashik
Our Bureau
HAL has set up Su-30 (MKI) ROH project stores facility at Nashik.
The facility was inaugurated by Secretary Defence Production, G. Mohan Kumar.
The facility will provide full maintenance support and enhance the serviceability of Su-30(MKI) fleet through-out its life-cycle.
The facility is in the process to indigenise parts required for this aircraft and make the country self-reliant in this segment.
“This is a big boost to HAL’s activities at Nashik considering that HAL has set up a facility for ROH of 15 aircraft per annum at the division,” Dr. R.K. Tyagi, Chairman, HAL.
“HAL is one of the few organisations in the world to have set-up ROH facilities for Su-30,” he added.
Besides visiting the various production and design facilities of the division, Mohan Kumar also visited HAL airport at Ozar (about 20 km from Nashik and 200 km from Mumbai).
The airport has a runway to handle international flights with night landing facility and has an apron for parking of six passenger aircraft.
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Krishna Board permits Telangana to use 3 tmcft of water tillNovember 2Krishna Board permits Telangana to use 3 tmcft of water till November 2
V. Rishi Kumar
Board to meet again on Nov.15
Hyderabad, Oct. 31:  
The Krishna River Management Board on Friday permitted Telangana to utilise 3 tmcft of water and generate power up to November 2.
Thereafter, it felt that the demand for power would come down as the kharif season has come to an end and the power requirement would also come down significantly. It also decided to meet again on November 15 to review the situation.
The decision of the Board today comes in the backdrop of both the warring states of Telangana and Andhra Pradesh raising their respective concerns about power generation and voicing against it, as power generation would have adverse impact on the water storage in the major reservoir.
With the Telangana Government generating power from the Srisailam hydel power project, AP raised objections. It also raised concerns about the depletion of water level in the Srisailam reservoir leading to far reaching consequences. The Government orders in the past were passed to utilised water optimally for various regions. It is necessary to store water at certain minimum draw down level to supply water to some parts of the State
Based on the concerns expressed by both the States and meeting with the Chief Ministers, the Krishna Board chaired by SKG Pandit convened a meeting of representatives of both the States on Wednesday, where the meeting ended in a stalemate. It met again to continue to hold discussions on Thursday and today it came out with its directive to Telangana on usage of water resources. And decided to review the situation again next month and also revisit the long term supply issues and sharing approach between the two States. As agreed earlier, the existing orders stay till they are considered.
Following the developments, the Telangana Chief Minister K Chandrasekhar Rao has convened a review meeting to take stock of the situation.
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

http://usat.ly/1wQgixyFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Dow, S&P 500 close at record highs
U.S. stocks are jumping Friday, topping their recent highs and erasing the losses from the early-October swoon, as investors cheered a move by the Bank of Japan to add more stimulus to its ailing economy.
Post to Facebook
Dow, S&P 500 close at record highs U.S. stocks are jumping Friday, topping their recent highs and erasing the losses from the early-October swoon, as investors cheered a move by the Bank of Japan to add more stimulus to its ailing economy. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1tHuCWP
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
48
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Dow, S&P 500 close at record highs
Video Keywords the Fed stock market S&P Dallas America's
There’s an old saying that the more things change, the more they stay the same; that’s exactly the case on Wall Street now that the Federal Reserve has finally stuck a fork in its stock-friendly stimulus program, known as QE. Video by Jason Allen Jason Allen
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:00  There's an old saying that the more things change the
00:02  more they stay the same. That's exactly the case on Wall
00:05  Street now that the fellow reserve has finally stuck to work
00:07  its stock for only stimulus program north QB. Hi I'm David
00:12  Craig and this is America's markets. Back in September of defense
00:20  or to lose on track and its bond buying program known
00:23  as quantitative easing. And sure enough on Wednesday the Fed senators
00:26  doing exactly. The various phases of Q we have been credited
00:30  would be a big driver for Wall Street's powerful Stockwell the
00:32  past four years. Pick your rug like that out when or
00:35  if the stock market would obviously have a big effect right.
00:38  Partly. On September 17 the day the Fed's last meeting ended
00:43  the Dodgers industrials closed at 7157. Which was not a record.
00:47  Following the Fed's announcement this week that was did and impunity
00:51  the Dallas forty points above that level or just half percent
00:54  from your hard. Granted a lot of happened when the market
00:57  retriever you're fed millions and that's just a bad memory now.
01:00  It's what we read into this just that all the concern
01:03  though Wall Street being able to wean itself off the steady
01:05  stream additional joy juice from the Fed. Has so far proved
01:09  groundless you can make your case the conditions are good for
01:12  stock investors get back to business as usual and focus on
01:15  the fundamentals. And speaking out fundamentals the news on earnings front
01:18  might be helping these Anhui withdrawal parents. They also expect S&P
01:22  five hundreds of square can be up nearly 9% from the
01:25  year ago. According to Thomson Reuters and Merrill more than halfway
01:28  through the earnings season three quarters of companies are doing even
01:31  better than expected.
Adam Shell , USA TODAY 4:50 p.m. EDT October 31, 2014
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Friday, Oct. 31, 2014.
(Photo: Richard Drew, AP)
467 CONNECT 249 TWEET 26 LINKEDIN 48 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Two benchmark stock indexes closed at record highs Friday, on the last trading day of a month that was a roller coaster ride for investors.
Driving the rally: Huge and surprising moves by Japan to add more stimulus to its ailing economy. Japan's Nikkei 225 took a super-sized 4.8% leap, starting a global stocks rally that ended on Wall Street with strong market gains.
The Dow Jones industrial average ended up 195.10 points, 1.1%, to 17,390.52 -- its highest close since Aug. 19, when it finished at 17,279.74. The Standard & Poor's 500 added 23.40 points, 1.2%, to close at 2018.05 -- its highest close since Aug. 18, when it finished at 2011.36. And the Nasdaq composite index ended at a 14 1/2-year high, gaining 64.60 points, 1.4%, to close at 4630.74.
The tech-packed Nasdaq climbed as high as 4641.51 in early trading -- its highest level in more than 14 years -- before retreating a tad. At its peak, the Nasdaq was at its highest level since March 29, 2000.
The yield on the benchmark 10-year U.S. Treasury note ended 2.33%, up from 2.31% Thursday. And the price of crude oil keeps falling. On Friday, it lost another 54 cents to end at $80.58 a barrel.
Exxon 3Q profits up on refining boost
Japan markets were catapulted higher on a double dose of good news.
The country's central bank announced it will boost asset purchases in an effort to jump-start its lagging economy and try to boost inflation, which is dangerously low. Also, Japan's Government Pension Investment Fund (GPIF) surprised markets by announcing a major shift in where it will invest its assets, which total nearly 127 trillion yen -- about $1.1 trillion -- according to Citibank. The GPIF said it was making a major shift in its investment strategy and plans to substantially boost its investments in higher-risk assets, such as stocks.
In what amounts to a massive easing in monetary policy by Japan in its fight to stave off deflation, the Japanese central bank upped the amount of money it is pumping into the system. The announcement, which caught investors by surprise, also included new and more aggressive asset purchases.
The Bank of Japan said it would boost its purchases of domestic government bonds, buy more long-term bonds, as well as exchange traded funds that track Japan's benchmark stock index and real estate investment trusts.
"The Bank of Japan surprised markets," Barclays told clients in a report.
The floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
(Photo: Andrew Theodorakis, Getty Images)
The GPIF announced that it plans to double its investments in both Japanese stocks and foreign stocks, boosting the share of the fund's investment pie for each asset class to 25% from 12%. At the same time, it slashed its target for domestic Japanese bonds to 35% from 60%.
The move by the GPIF is bullish for stocks as it provides additional buying power for stocks globally, analysts say.
The Nikkei ended up gaining a whopping 755.56 points. In Hong Kong, the Hang Seng index rose 1.3%. The Shanghai composite gained 1.2%.
European benchmarks also ended higher Friday, with France's CAC 40 adding 2.2%, Germany's DAX 30 index up 2.1% and Britain's FTSE 100 up 1%.
12 hideous ways to lose money in October, from @mattkrantz http://t.co/prXVjrJqcT Photo: @GettyImages pic.twitter.com/ZeetJDwyJl
467 CONNECT 249 TWEET 26 LINKEDIN 48 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1tHuCWP
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

Hopes remain for a Gillespie upsetBy Jennifer Rubin October 31 Follow @JRubinBlogger
Two late polls showing the gap in what was nearly a 30-point race shrinking to single digits has lifted Republicans’ spirits in Virginia. In a GOP robo poll by Vox Populi , Sen. Mark Warner (D) leads GOP nominee Ed Gillespie by four points, but the percentage of undecideds (11) is suspiciously high. However, according to Christopher Newport University’s Wason Center poll : “While Warner’s share of the vote remains similar to the Wason Center’s October 7 survey, in which he had 51%, Gillespie’s share has grown from 39% to 44%. The numbers of both undecided voters and supporters of Libertarian Robert Sarvis have shrunk since the earlier poll, accounting for Gillespie’s increased support.”
Ed Gillespie, left, and Sen. Mark Warner (D-Va.) shake hands before a debate hosted by the Fairfax County Chamber of Commerce on Oct. 7 in McLean, Va. (Pool photo by Bill O’Leary/The Washington Post via Associated Press)
It is not hard to figure out why the face has tightened. Gillespie is an experienced adviser and political operative, but he also turned out to be a very solid candidate. He has not had any noteworthy gaffes. He ran one of the most substantive campaigns out there, presenting an Obamacare alternative as well as proposals on energy and job creation. Defying the GOP stereotype, Gillespie stressed his family’s immigrant roots and his own experience working his way through college parking cars in the Senate parking lot. He has been accessible and cheery throughout.
By contrast, Warner has been burdened with his record of supporting the president 97 percent of the time — a claim rated “ true ” by PolitiFact. He has been on the defensive over his call to the son of a key state Senate Democrat with whom Democrats were pleading not to resign in which Warner “ brainstormed ” about job opportunities for the lawmaker’s daughter. But, as he has been in the Senate, Warner has been most invisible in the race, relying on his name recognition and his good reputation from his previous stint as governor.
The more the race is nationalized, becoming a referendum on Obama’s policies, the better Gillespie has done. Although Virginia voted for Obama in 2008 and 2012, the president’s approval rating there is at just 42.5 percent, compared with 52.5 percent disapproval.
As with most Virginia Republicans, Gillespie’s hopes ride on a large turnout by conservatives outside of Northern Virginia, keeping the margin for Warner down in Fairfax County and winning in the outer suburbs of Washington. And indeed he and his campaign have been much more active in Northern Virginia than was 2013 GOP gubernatorial nominee Ken Cuccinelli, who lost big in Fairfax ( 58 to 36 percent ), especially among women and suburban voters who found his social policies too extreme and demeanor excessively grating. Cuccinelli outperformed expectations in the rest of the state but lost overwhelmingly in Northern Virginia, losing the state by only 2.5 points. Gillespie in essence must run better than Cuccinelli in Northern Virginia and like him everywhere else.
Tucker Martin, a longtime Republican operative and former communications director for Bob McDonnell’s 2009 gubernatorial campaign, which prevailed by 17.5 points, says: “This won’t be a case of lack of preparation leaving a campaign unable to benefit from a changing landscape. The Gillespie campaign’s ‘theory of the case’ has always been that this thing would break late and fast.” He also makes the case that “if last year’s trend holds, polls right now are actually only still catching up to, not perfectly capturing, momentum shifting to the Republican. Cuccinelli outperformed public polls on Election Day. If that same dynamic is happening again, which activity on the ground and anecdotal evidence would appear to argue it is, then these numbers look even better for Ed.”
Helping Gillespie may be Republican Barbara Comstock, the favorite to win the 10th congressional district, replacing Frank Wolf, in the northern suburbs. In a sort of reverse coattails effect, enthusiastic Republicans turning out for Comstock (who leads by double digits in some polling ) may boost Gillespie. (Comstock’s Democratic opponent, John Foust, has run a miserable race and insulted Comstock in a way perceived by many as sexist, declaring, “I don’t think she’s even had a real job.”)
On election night, downstate returns traditionally come in early, and Republicans then watch their lead vanish as Northern Virginia returns come in. The best-case scenario for Gillespie: He racks up a big lead early, Comstock voters turn out in force and he keeps losses down in Northern Virginia. Is it possible? In a wave election, a lot of challengers get swept in, especially ones who have run good races. The question for Gillespie remains: How big a wave will there be?
Jennifer Rubin writes the Right Turn blog for The Post, offering reported opinion from a conservative perspective.

Mick Fleetwood dines at Del CampoBy Emily Heil October 31 Follow @emilyaheil
Stevie Nicks and Mick Fleetwood seen during the Fleetwood Mac concert at the Air Canada Centre on Saturday, Oct. 18, 2014, in Toronto. (Arthur Mola/Invision/AP)
Hey, isn’t that… rock legend Mick Fleetwood, fueling up for Friday night’s show at the Verizon Center with a Thursday evening meal at Chinatown’s Del Campo?
The Fleetwood Mac drummer and co-founder — pulling off an ensemble that included a vest and scarf as only a rock star of a certain age can — and his pals sat in the dining room’s main floor, where they chowed on the South American restaurant’s signature grilled meats and drank red wine.
Our tipster said some fellow diners recognized Fleetwood, but they let him eat in peace — no one asked for a photo.
Maybe they were too busy thinkin’ about tomorrow’s show?
Read more Reliable Source: 

Suzlon trims Q2 lossby 28% to Rs 528 crHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Suzlon trims Q2 loss by 28% to Rs 528 cr
Our Bureau
Tweet
Pune, Oct 31:  
A focus on more remunerative markets and introduction of newer products with higher margins have helped wind energy major Suzlon trim its losses in the second quarter of the current fiscal in comparison to the same quarter of last year. 
The standalone entity Suzlon Energy has reported a loss of Rs 528 crore in Q2 ’15 against Rs 734 crore in Q2 ’14 representing a drop of around 28 per cent in loss year on year. The Q2 ’15 loss includes Rs 172 crore written off against losses of one of its subsidiaries that appears in the financial statement as an exceptional item.
 
Income in the quarter under review rose by 25 per cent to stand at Rs 754 crore(Rs 599 crore).
On a consolidated basis, the group posted a loss of Rs 634 crore in Q2 compared to a loss of Rs 778 crore in last year.
The Group’s total income also rose 11.8 per cent to stand at Rs 5,389 crore against Rs 4,809 crore.
Suzlon has posted its 3rd consecutive quarter of positive EBIDTA at consolidated level moving from a loss of Rs 31 crore to a profit of Rs 114 crore. The Company has also achieved installation of 25,000 MW globally, including 9000 MW in India, Kirti Vagadia, Director Group Finance said.
“In H1 2015, gross margins have improved by 520 basis points and now stand at 32.5 per cent against 27.3 per cent in the first six months of FY 13,” he added.
The improved results were on account of the change in the products mix and launch of new generation products with better margins, change in the market mix and better execution of orders, Vagadia said.
At the end of the trading day the scrip closed at Rs 13.45 up 1.97 per cent on the BSE
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

Karnataka Home Minister warns schools over rapecasesPrint
By: Express News Service | Bangalore | Posted: October 31, 2014 8:26 pm | Updated: October 31, 2014 8:30 pm
Following four incidents of sexual assaults on children at different schools in Bangalore, Karnataka Home Minister K J George has warned of action against schools not complying with police guidelines to ensure the safety of children.
The Home Minister’s warning comes close on the heels of the arrest of a teacher at a private school in east Bangalore for sexually assaulting a six-year-old child in the school premises over two days this week. The teacher was arrested on the basis of a police complaint filed by the mother of a first standard student on Thursday.
The Home Minister in his warning to schools has stated that the onus of the safety of students lies with school managements since police have little access to school premises. The Home Minister has been under pressure from the opposition BJP in Karnataka who have sought his resignation on the grounds that incidences of crimes were rising under his watch.
Home minister George said that he would interact with the education ministry to address the failures by the education department in regulating the functioning of schools in Bangalore. Block Education Officers (BEOs) responsible for monitoring schools tend to speak out about illegalities in schools only when tragic incidents occur at schools, he said.
The Home Minister said that the education department must take responsibility to ensure preventive measures are in place to avoid attacks on children in schools. “Incidents of sexual abuse shame society. Schools must verify the antecedents of their teachers and staff at the recruitment level itself. Schools must monitor footage from CCTV cameras in their premises”, he said. The police have worked effectively in solving all cases of sexual assault in school and no one involved in such incidents has been spared, George said.

ATM use to attract fee after 5 transactions per month from tomorrowThe RSS and its affiliates are keen to promote an 'Indianised' version of the country's history. Will their radical reinterpretation change how key events and characters are viewed? HT finds out.
SIMPLY PUT
For the real ‘green shoots’ look at who’s getting hired
Recruiters say the drive to hire employees is often triggered not by actual investment or expansion but on the expectation of that happening - a bit like how the Sensex rises on anticipation of good things happening, writes HT editor-in-chief Sanjoy Narayan.

Nilofar fizzles out  even heavy rain ruled outCyclone Nilofar fizzles out, even heavy rain ruled out
Ahmedabad , Hindustan Times  HT Correspondent, October 31, 2014
First Published: 20:11 IST(31/10/2014) | Last Updated: 20:50 IST(31/10/2014)
Comments
Much hyped cyclonic storm Nilofar, which was supposed to slam coastal areas in Gujarat on Saturday, has completely fizzled out as the Met department has now withdrawn its warning to the state.
According to the met department, cyclonic storm in the Arabian Sea has further weakened and now it does not appear to have any major impact when it makes landfall on the coast in Kutch. “Even heavy rain is ruled out now as cyclonic storm has turned into a low pressure depression into the sea,” a Gujarat government official said.
"The earlier system, tagged as cyclonic storm Nilofar, gradually weakened into depression and then turned into 'well- marked low pressure' in the last 24 hours," said state MeT official Ajay Kumar.
He added that "Due to this new system, we expect moderate rains in parts of Kutch and Saurashtra. Wind speed will remain between 35-45 Kmph. There is no need to worry now.”
Meanwhile, people who were shifted from villages which were on cyclone’s route have returned to their places in Kutch and other coastal areas of the state.
“We had shifted over 15,000 people to safe locations but now there is no threat of any disaster, people have returned to their places,” a senior official from Kutch
said.
"There is no need to panic now as the system has turned into low pressure, which would bring some rain at isolated places,” Kutch district collector MS Patel said.
The state authorities have also withdrawn its warning from various ports in the state but the fishermen have been advised to not venture into the sea for next 24 hours.

Telangana govt warns bankers about unauthorised fund transfersTelangana govt warns bankers about unauthorised fund transfers
K V Kurmanath
Tweet
Hyderabad, Oct. 31:  
Startled by unauthorised transfer of Rs 620 crore to the kitty of Andhra Pradesh by a Labour Department official, the Telangana Government has asked the banks in the private and public sector to keep tabs on fund transfers.
Citing the provisions of Andhra Pradesh Reorganisation Act of 2014, Chief Secretary Rajeev Sharma brought to the attention of bankers about the instances of unauthorised transfer of funds of public institutions and creation and operation of new bank accounts by persons, who are no longer authorised under the provisions of the Act.
He convened a meeting with the bankers on Friday, a day after the police unearthed the fund transfer to an account in Andhra Pradesh.
The bankers were told that funds were being transferred without the knowledge of the Telangana Government in gross violation of the Act. He warned of civil and criminal action if they violated the provisions.
They were given a memorandum with the list of provisions of the Act. “The 8th Schedule of the Act has a list of 69 public funds which are broadly classified into three categories, putting provident funds, pension funds, insurance funds, guarantee redemption fund and other funds in different heads.
“Section 52 of the Act has provisions as to how these funds are to be apportioned between the states. The basic principle of apportionment is that of population ratio of the successor States with exceptions for funds such as Calamity Relief Fund or those investments which are confined to a local area,” the memorandum said.
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

Wind power installation flat in April-Sept  but industry bullish about futureWind power installation flat in April-Sept, but industry bullish about future
M Ramesh
Tweet
Chennai, October 31:  
Wind power installations in the first six months of the current financial year totals 864.75 MW, not much higher than the 827 MW the country saw in the same period last year. However, wind turbine manufacturers say they are seeing good demand from wind farm developers and companies that want to put up wind mills to save on tax.
Installations in the first half of the current financial year take the country’s total installed wind power capacity to 22,060 MW.
A notable feature of the first six months’ installations is the emergence of Karnataka, Madhya Pradesh and Rajasthan as new favoured destinations, and the sharp drop in Maharashtra. Tamil Nadu’s numbers seem good, but industry leaders say that the installations in the state were projects planned earlier.
Mr Madhusudhan Khemka, Chairman of the Indian Wind Turbine Manufacturers’ Association told Business Line that there is good demand from companies who wish to avail themselves of the tax-saving ‘accelerated   depreciation’ benefit and from ‘independent power producers’ many of whom have received international equity funding in the recent past. Mr Khemka, who is also the Chairman and Managing Director of wind turbine manufacturer, ReGen Powertech, feels that the current year could close with 3,000 MW, compared with 2,150 MW last year.
Industry experts note that it is not unusual that projects get executed in the last quarter and point out that in March this year alone, investors put up 800 MW of wind turbines.
 
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

GMR -Megawide to manage Philippines intl airportHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
GMR -Megawide to manage Philippines intl airport
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, Oct.31:  
GMR-Megawide Cebu Airport Corporation (GMCAC) a joint venture between GMR Group and Megawide Construction Corporation has taken full operational control of the Mactan Cebu International Airport (MCIA), Philippines.
This marks a key milestone for GMCAC in its journey to transform MCIA into a world class airport. This is also an important landmark for Philippines as the MCIA is the country’s first airport to be privatised under the administration’s ambitious PPP programme aimed at modernising key infrastructure assets.
In the international competitive bidding process GMR-Megawide Consortium had emerged as the highest bidder after offering a bid premium of 14.4 billion Philippine Pesos. The formal award of the project in April was followed by a six-month transition period to complete project formalities leading to the transfer of operations to GMCAC.
As part of the overall master plan, GMCAC will build a brand new terminal building within three years to cater to the growing traffic. At the same time, the immediate priority will be to upgrade the existing terminal and enhance operating systems and processes to improve service quality and efficiency.
Alongside, GMCAC will lay adequate emphasis on corporate social responsibility and work towards socio-economic development in the surrounding region.
G.M. Rao, Chairman, GMR Infrastructure Ltd said: “The takeover of operations of Mactan Cebu International Airport marks the beginning of a new chapter for GMR Group’s airports business. We have proven credentials in airport operations and modernisation and we are confident that we will undertake this prestigious project in a timely manner and deliver an airport that Cebuanos and Filipinos will be proud of.”
Rao further added: “GMR has proven track record for the standards and quality of infrastructure, services and customer deliverables at key airports such as New Delhi, Hyderabad and Istanbul Sabiha Gocken. We have the requisite experience across the entire spectrum of airport development and operations. We believe that our strategic plan for MCIA will result in the delivery of an efficient, passenger-oriented and commercially sustainable airport. We believe in inclusive growth and through Foundation we will also contribute towards the social and economic development of the Cebu province”.
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Shark  O Leary s next thing to worry aboutshark  o leary s next thing to worry about
Board of Jamshri Ranjitsinghji Spg & Wvg Mills Co accepts resignation of joint MDBoard of Jamshri Ranjitsinghji Spg & Wvg Mills Co accepts resignation of joint MD
Petrol price cut by Rs 2.41 a litre; diesel lowered by Rs 2.25Hi Guest
Petrol price cut by Rs 2.41 a litre; diesel lowered by Rs 2.25
Petrol price was cut by Rs 2.41 a litre, the sixth reduction since August, and diesel by Rs 2.25 per litre on back of falling international oil rates. The reduction in rates of petrol and diesel, which was deregulated for the first time in more than a decade, will be effective from midnight tonight, Indian Oil Corp, the nation's largest fuel retailer, announced. The Rs 2.41 a litre price cut in petrol and Rs 2.25 in diesel was after accounting for a 10-15 paise increase in commission paid to ...

Russia: Natural gas will flow after Ukraine paysRussia: Natural gas will flow after Ukraine pays
Hallo arvindji you have so.much faith in banaras beads that i bought 1...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

The adr is also trading at its 52 week high on the nyse  at 56.50.Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Journey of small cap "blue chip" startedCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

On mobile may regain its past glory   if the latest q2 result is any i...My take aways from the conference call:
Major growth for the rest of the financial year will come from India and Asia.
At the moment guidance for the rest of the current year is based on current product potfolio only.
Impact of new product that will be rolled out subsequently will be visible from next financial year only.
New products will be incrementally better than the existing ones and there will be revolutionary products too that will be rolled out.
Also will roll out extensions to existing products.
Also pulled back some engg. from Africa due to the Ebola crisis.
Possible to see growth but no numbers given but management does see growth in the next years.
Company is not seeking any acquisitons currently. Nothing is being pursed at the moment by the organization.
3% to 4% improvement (over base of this quarter of 13.4%) can be expected in the next 2 quarters for EBITA. (Which is awesome for the organization).
Money from sale of Vox is currently in Europe and will be bought to India in the next 2 to 3 weeks as the RBI aprpoval for repatriation has just been obtained  due to this only there was a delay in the repatriation of the money to India.
As a company want to focus on fewer products but each product has a higher possibility for revenue growth.
RBT is a base product and will continue to remain so and will be a solid driver. Revenue from RBT is growing is every markets. Which is good news.
VAS is showing a significant growth in India, Africa and Europe. Which is good news.
Bangladesh is emerging as a great market for RBT too.
New Product - Converged VAS is a product aimed at Mobile users who want to organize and seek content on the cell. This is a huge upcoming market in Europe. Detail is fundamental to Onmobile Strategy and hence can not be disclosed.
Total Employee Strength is 1270 at the end of the Sep 2014 vs 1600 last quarter.

Bangalore is now BengaluruBangalore, October 31:  
From November 1, Bangalore will officially be known as Bengaluru.
On the eve of Kannada Rajyotsava (State Formation Day), the State government has issued a notification effecting change of names to Bangalore and 11 other cities in the State.
As per the government gazette notification, henceforth Bangalore will be known as Bengaluru; Mangalore as Mangaluru; Bellary as Ballari; Bijapur as Vijapura; Belgaum as Belagavi; Chikmagalur as Chikkamagaluru; Gulbarga as Kalaburagi; Mysore as Mysuru; Hospet as Hosapete; Shimoga as Shivamogga; Hubli as Hubballi, and Tumkur as Tumakuru.
The Karnataka Revenue Department had sent the proposal to the Centre for approval on October 13, 2008. The State government got it a couple of days back.
The State government has been told to issue necessary notification with the new spelling in both Devanagari and Roman (English) scripts and in regional languages.
Law and Parliamentary Affairs Minister TB Jayachandra told reporters, “We have rechristened Bangalore to Bengaluru. Now it is up to institutions/government bodies to make the changes accordingly.”
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

IGL not to rise prices of CNG and PNGIGL not to rise prices of CNG and PNG 
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, October 31:  
Indraprastha Gas Ltd (IGL), the city gas distributor for CNG and PNG in the National Capital Region of Delhi, said on Friday that it will not increase prices.
“Despite the revision in domestic gas prices announced by the Government with effect from November 1, IGL has decided not to revise the retail price of CNG and domestic PNG in the interest of its consumers in Delhi, Noida, Greater Noida and Ghaziabad,” said Narendra Kumar, Managing Director of IGL.
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

NMDC Q2 net up 19% at Rs 1567 crHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
NMDC Q2 net up 19% at Rs 1567 cr
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, Oct. 31:  
NMDC has registered a net profit of Rs 1,567 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2014 as against Rs 1,318 crore for the corresponding quarter last year, registering a growth of 19 per cent.
The profit for the first half this year was Rs 3482 crore, up 20 per cent over Rs 2891 crore for the same period last year.
The sales income for the second quarter war Rs 3,105 crore against Rs 2,480 crore for the same period last year, registering a growth of 25 per cent. And for the first half, the sales was at Rs 6,582 crore against Rs 5,351 crore same period last year, registering a growth of 23 per cent.
Narendra Kothari, Chairman and Managing Director, said NMDC is on right path to achieve production and sales of iron ore of more than 32 million tonnes for this year. NMDC is determined to achieve production of more than 50 million tonnes by 2018-19 to meet the growing demand of the steel industry.
NMDC said it achieved highest production and sales in any first half of a financial year since inception.
The Board declared interim dividend of 300 per cent.
During the second quarter, NMDC iron ore production touched 64.46 lakh tonnes registering a growth of 9 per cent over 59.40 lakh tonnes. In the first half, production was up 12 per cent at 143.89 lakh tonnes (128.61 lakh tonnes).
The iron ore sale during the second quarter was 72.69 lakh tonnes registering a growth of 12 per cent (65.04 lakh tonnes). During the first half, iron ore sales were up 15 per cent at 158.59 lakh tonnes (137.56 lakh tonnes.
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

Wipro Q2 PAT at Rs 2085 croreSave this video
Copy URL
Wipro, India's third-largest IT services exporter reported Profit After Tax (PAT) of Rs 2085 crore versus an ET Now poll of Rs 2160 crore for the second quarter of the current financial year. This is a rise of 8% YoY.
76

Costco Still Refuses To Ruin Thanksgivingreddit
Unlike dozens of other retailers who kick off their Black Friday sales on Thanksgiving Day, Costco will remain closed on the holiday, the retailer confirmed to The Huffington Post Friday.
"Since our inception 30-plus years ago, we have always been closed on Thanksgiving," Paul Latham, a spokesman for Costco, told HuffPost. "It will be the same this year."
Costco is one of a handful of large retail stores that have refused to take part in what some have called a "War on Thanksgiving" being waged by companies looking to squeeze the most profit out of the holiday shopping season. In recent years, Walmart, Target, Macy's and dozens of other large chains have kicked off their Black Friday sales on Thanksgiving Day, meaning millions of low-wage workers can't spend the holiday with their families.
Costco has cultivated a reputation for treating its workers better than its competitors do. The company pays a much higher starting salary than other retailers and offers health benefits to many part-time workers. Its tradition of staying closed on Thanksgiving is in that same spirit, according to the company.
"Our employees work especially hard during the holiday season, and we simply believe that they deserve the opportunity to spend Thanksgiving with their families," Latham told HuffPost last year.
Sam's Club, the Walmart-owned bulk goods retailer, will also be closed on Thanksgiving day, according to Sarah McKinney, a company spokeswoman. Most Walmart stores will be open all day on the holiday, though it hasn't announced when its Black Friday sales will start.
Dillard’s, Burlington, REI, and American Girl will remain closed on Thanksgiving, according to ThinkProgress.
Though limited-time sales on Thanksgiving Day bring shoppers out in droves, the hype is often marred by violence . And some shoppers have reported being completely turned off by the whole thing.
Still, retailers keep encroaching more and more on Thanksgiving Day. This year, Macy's will be opening its doors to Black Friday shoppers earlier than ever -- 6 p.m. on Thanksgiving Day.
This post has been updated to include a statement from Walmart.
More:

Bruce Willis Buys Two Properties in New Yorkbruce willis buys two properties in new york
Lenovo completes acquisition of Motorola from GoogleNew Delhi, October 30, 2014
Updated: October 30, 2014 20:53 IST
Lenovo completes acquisition of Motorola from Google
Staff Reporter
telecommunication equipment
Chinese computer maker Lenovo on Thursday announced completion of USD 2.91 billion acquisition of Motorola Mobility from Google, a move that will make it the third largest smartphone maker in India.
Talking to journalists over a conference call, Yang Yuanqing, chairman and CEO, Lenovo Group, said Motorola will be a strong growth engine for Lenovo. “We are fully ready to move into the mobile era… Now that Motorola is part of Lenovo, future will be brighter,” he added.
On business in the second fastest growing smartphone market, India, where Motorola as well as Lenovo sell smartphone, Liu Jun, Lenovo executive vice president and president of Lenovo’s Mobile Business Group said, “Both the companies have pretty good operations in India. However, Lenovo is primarily an offline channel product…Motorola is 100 per cent online. It is good to have this combination.”
He added post merger, Lenovo will become the third biggest smartphone player in India, after Samsung and home-grown handset maker Micromax.

Bharti Airtel beats estimates in Q2  profit at Rs 1 383 croreYou are here: Home Corporates
Bharti Airtel Beats Estimates in Q2, Profit at Rs 1,383 Crore
Reuters | Updated On: October 30, 2014 18:41 (IST)
Steve Jobs Gives Posthumous Testimony in Apple Trial
Mumbai:
Bharti Airtel Ltd, India's top telecommunications carrier, reported a more than doubling of quarterly profit, beating street estimates, on higher voice call prices and rapid growth in mobile data usage.
Consolidated net profit jumped to Rs 1,383 crore for the three months to September 30, New Delhi-based Bharti Airtel said on Thursday, beating Rs 1,286 crore analysts' estimate and underscoring a turnaround in the world's second-biggest wireless market by customers after a years-long price war hit carriers.
Leading Indian mobile phone operators have been able to increase voice call prices, their mainstay, in the recent quarters after a court order on a licensing scandal forced several smaller rivals out, bringing back pricing power to the incumbents.
Rapid growth in the usage of high-margin mobile data, fuelled by a surge in cheaper smartphones, has also helped carriers.
It was the fourth straight quarter of profit growth for Bharti Airtel, headed by billionaire Sunil Mittal and also nearly a third owned by Singapore Telecommunications, which reported its first profit growth in four years in the December quarter of 2013.
Bharti Airtel, which acquired money-losing African telecoms operations in 2010 in a $9 billion debt-funded deal, has yet to turn a profit there, weighing on its consolidated financials.
In the three months to September, which is Bharti Airtel's fiscal second quarter, total revenue rose about 7 per cent from a year earlier to Rs 22,845 crore. Mobile data revenue grew 74 per cent in India and 57 per cent in Africa from a year earlier, the company said.
Monthly average revenue per user (ARPU), a key metric for telecoms carriers, fell 2 per cent sequentially to Rs 198 for Bharti's Indian business and was 3 per cent down for the African operations.
Mobile voice realisation and minutes of usage per customer in India also fell from the previous quarter. The July-September period is seen as a seasonally weak quarter for the telecoms industry as frequent power cuts and network outages during monsoon rains hits traffic growth.
Shares in Bharti Airtel, which operates across 20 countries in Asia and Africa, closed 0.6 per cent higher ahead of the results announcement in a Mumbai market that gained almost 1 per cent. India accounts for more than two-thirds of Bharti Airtel's revenue.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Wal-Mart Ups Ante on Holiday ShoppingThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

BSE Sensex  NSE Nifty at record highs on US growth  Bank of Japan stimulusE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Student locked up  Kerala High Court orders closure of schoolPrint
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: October 31, 2014 5:27 pm
Kerala High Court on Friday ordered the closure of an unaided private English medium school in Thiruvananthapuram, which was facing charges of locking up a UKG student in a dog kennel as part of punishment.
It was on September 29 that Jawahar English medium school on the outskirts of the city faced a complaint from a parent that his son was locked up in the kennel for three hours as a punishment for talking to his friends in the class.
Taking a cue from the Childline alert, Kerala police had arrested the school headmistress Sashikala. The student’s class teacher Deepika was also facing case as she also figured in the complaint. But, Deepika was not arrested.
The school has been functioning in a premises attached to a rented house, for several years. Subsequent to the complaint and arrest of the headmistress, the education department ordered the closure of the school, where 120-odd students were studying.
But the parents of other students wanted the school be opened and sought for a detailed probe into the incident. The school management had also alleged foul play in the complaint, saying that the allegation was part of a bid to destroy the school. Adding curiosity to the issue, another private school volunteered to absorb all the student of the controversial Jawahar school.
The school management and the arrested principal sought CBI probe to unravel the conspiracy, which they had found behind locking up the kid in the kennel.
Although the education department wanted closure of the school, Chief Minister Oommen Chandy intervened in such a manner that the issue should not spoil the education of other students. Parents Teachers Association at the school had also petitioned the Chief Minister demanding the opening of the school.
Subsequently, the school was opened, but the parents of the kid, who raised the lock up in the kennel issue, moved the high court demanding the closure of the school.
The high court on Friday stayed the functioning of the school on the ground that it did not have necessary infrastructure and the school was not recognized by the state government.
The controversial school is among hundreds of private schools functioning without government recognition. The PTA of the school had earlier stated that they would fight the case to ensure that the school is reopened.
The school management had stated that they were ready to face any probe in the incident. Although police have registered a case against the headmistress, they could not get any evidence to substantiate the charges that the student was locked up in the kennel. The kid’s sister, studying in the same school, had given statement against the management.

M&M net falls to Rs 947 cr in Q2Home News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Flat tractor sales dentM&M profit in Q2
Our Bureau
Revenue from the automotive segment stood at Rs 6,135.69 crore, an increase of 6.14 per cent as compared to Rs 5,780.52 crore in the same quarter a year ago.
Mumbai, Oct 31:  
Hurt by flat growth of its tractor segment, auto major Mahindra and Mahindra Limited posted a 4.3 per cent drop in its second quarter standalone net profit.
In the July to September period, the Mumbai-based company posted a net profit of Rs 947 crore against Rs 990 crore, a year ago.
The auto maker posted a 7 per cent rise in its standalone total income at Rs 9,544 crore.
Total expenses rose to Rs 8,783 crore during the quarter from Rs 7,982 crore, a year ago.
Pawan Goenka, Executive Director & President – Automotive Farm Equipment Sectors, M&M said, “Auto industry is on the recovery path. However, the tractor segment continues to be flat.”
The company attributed delayed and below average monsoon in some parts of the country and also crop damage caused by cyclones for the flat growth in the domestic tractor industry.
The company said that the harvest will be negatively impacted by delayed and deficient monsoon, thereby impacting the farm equipment segment.
The truck industry has turned around, Goenka added and said that six consecutive months of growth for the industry cannot be an “accident.”
On a combined basis, however, its net profit was up 1.7 per cent.
The figures include the combined performance of Mahindra and Mahindra Limited and Mahindra Vehicle Manufacturers Limited.
The auto-maker posted a combined net profit of Rs 974.1 crore during the three month period ended September 30, 2014 against Rs 957.4 crore, a year ago.
Outlook
As far as the four wheeler segment is concerned, Goenka added, “things are looking up, but up until now the overall growth in the segment has been less than 5 per cent. So, it is highly unlikely that we will cross a 10 per cent growth in the full year.”
Across the various types of vehicles in the four wheeler segment, he said that a very uneven kind of a growth is taking place. “Small commercial vehicles are de-growing and trucks are growing…it is a very complex web,” he said.
Shares of the Mumbai-based company closed at Rs 1303.40, up 1.23 per cent on the BSE.
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

Core industries  growth slows down to 1.9 pct in September; lowest in 8 monthsCore industries' growth slows down to 1.9 pct in September; lowest in 8 months
PTI | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 31 2014, 18:12  IST
Oct 31 2014, 18:12  IST
 

Maha govt s realty agenda: Reviving property marketMaha govt s realty agenda: Reviving property market
IDBI Bank net falls to Rs 118 cr on higher employee cost  provisioningIDBI Bank net dips to Rs 118 cr on higher employee cost, provisioning
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 31:  
IDBI Bank today said its net profit fell by 38 per cent to Rs 118.49 crore in the second quarter ended September 30 in the current financial year on higher employee cost and provisioning.
The bank’s net profit during the same quarter a year ago stood at Rs 192.27 crore.
The bank made provisioning towards bad loans of Rs 990.47 crore during July-September, 2014—15; up from Rs 878.72 crore in the same quarter of 2013—14.
Meanwhile, employee cost went up to 497.31 crore during the quarter from Rs 360.49 crore a year earlier.
“Total income has increased from Rs 7,114.44 crore to Rs 7,610.52 crore for the quarter ended September” it said in a BSE filing.
The non-performing assets (NPAs) rose to 5.72 per cent in Q2—FY15, from 4.98 per cent year ago.
Net NPAs, however, reduced to 2.79 per cent of total advances as of September 30, from 2.82 per cent year earlier.
IDBI Bank shares closed at Rs 70.55 apiece on the BSE today, up 3.37 per cent from the previous close.
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

http://usat.ly/1zRkq2xFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
World's fastest? Hearse from hell has 1,300 horses
Just in time for Halloween comes the hearse from hell. A performance shop wanted what its vice president, Arne Toman, calls a "strange project." And it found one.  The shop, AMS Performance, based near
Post to Facebook
World's fastest? Hearse from hell has 1,300 horses Just in time for Halloween comes the hearse from hell. A performance shop wanted what its vice president, Arne Toman, calls a "strange project." And it found one.  The shop, AMS Performance, based near Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1tHHg8n
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
World's fastest? Hearse from hell has 1,300 horses
Chris Woodyard , USA TODAY 9:09 a.m. EDT October 31, 2014
A 1996 Chevrolet Caprice hearse has been converted into a dragster. It has 1,300 horsepower, yet still plenty of room for a coffin. 
(Photo: AMS Performance)
Yes, it appears the front end is coming off the ground on the drag strip 
(Photo: AMS Performance)
The AMS Performance hearse looks at home in a cemetery 
(Photo: AMS Performance)
But up close, it's a little menacing 
(Photo: AMS Performance)
The engine is a Chevrolet 6-liter V-8 
(Photo: AMS Performance)
The 1,300-horsepower hearse is still fully function for toting around bodies 
(Photo: AMS Performance)
Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries:
Replay

Image of Asia: Watching the iPhone Line in SeoulThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Graham spokesman says white men comment was joke taken out of contextBy Sean Sullivan October 31 Follow @WaPoSean
Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-S.C. (AP Photo/Jeffrey Collins)
Sen. Lindsey Graham's widely reported comments about how white men would do well under his presidency were part of "jokes" that were "taken out of context," his spokesman says.
"Senator Graham is confident the people of South Carolina will judge him based on his record of accomplishment and will also put in its proper perspective these jokes, which were taken out-of-context and delivered in a private roast-type dinner before a well-respected charity in Charleston," said Graham campaign spokesman Tate Zeigler in a Thursday statement.
In audio obtained by CNN and published this week, Graham is heard saying, "White men who are in male-only clubs are going to do great in my presidency." The South Carolina Republican said he made the comments several weeks back at the Hibernian Society of Charleston, an all-male club.
The senator was also recorded cracking wise about Baptists, saying, "they're the ones who drink and don't admit it." Graham is a Southern Baptist.
Graham is expected to cruise to reelection on Tuesday. He has toyed with the idea of running for president, but isn't generally regarded as a top-tier contender.
Brad Hutto, Graham's Democratic challenger, said in a statement earlier this week that Graham "let his true colors show" in his recorded remarks.
Sean Sullivan has covered national politics for The Washington Post since 2012.

Maine asks court to quarantine nurse who treated Ebola patientsBy Brady Dennis and Mark Berman October 31 Follow @brady_dennis Follow @markberman
A judge who had temporarily agreed to quarantine Kaci Hickox, a Maine nurse who had treated Ebola patients, ruled that she did not have to have her movements restricted. (AP)
A judge who had temporarily agreed to quarantine Kaci Hickox, a Maine nurse who had treated Ebola patients, ruled Friday that she did not have to have her movements restricted.
The state of Maine had won a small, brief victory in its quest to quarantine Hickox, as Judge Cearles C. LaVerdiere on Thursday  ordered her to limit her movements and keep a certain distance from members of the public. This order was to stand until the court issued any additional guidance, which LaVerdiere did Friday.
LaVerdiere said Friday that Hickox should continue daily monitoring and coordinate any travel with public-health officials, but said that her movements did not have to be completely restricted.
Limiting her movements to the degree requested by the state is not necessary because Hickox has no symptoms of Ebola and is not symptomatic, LaVerdiere wrote. He ordered her to alert public-health authorities if any symptoms emerge.
Maine’s governor begrudgingly accepted the order on Friday.
“As governor, I have done everything I can to protect the health and safety of Mainers,” Gov. Paul LePage (R) said in a statement Friday. “The judge has eased restrictions with this ruling and I believe it is unfortunate. However, the state will abide by law.”
Before Friday’s decision, LaVerdiere had issued a temporary order saying that Hickox has to submit to “direct active monitoring” as well as stay away from public places. It also said that Hickox has to stay three feet away from people while she is walking, riding a bike or jogging.
Hickox, who recently returned from treating Ebola patients in West Africa, has vowed to fight any court order , saying such a move is unnecessary and would violate her civil rights. She has pointed out that she has no symptoms of the disease – Ebola is transmitted only after symptoms appear – and has been monitoring herself daily in accordance with guidelines from the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
In its request asking for the court to limit her movement, the state had argued that the time most patients develop Ebola is during the second week of the virus’s 21-day incubation period. Hickox currently would be in that period if she had been exposed to Ebola, state health commissioner Mary Mayhew argues.
“The surest way to minimize the public health threat is direct active monitoring and additional restrictions on movement and exposure to other persons or the public until a potentially exposed person has passed the incubation period,” the filing states. For Hickox, that period ends Nov. 10.
Ebola medic Kaci Hickox remains defiant, even as Maine Governor Paule LePage (R) plans to seek legal authority to keep the nurse isolated at home until the incubation period for Ebola has passed. (Reuters)
On Thursday, not long after Hickox took a highly-publicized hour-long bike ride , LePage said that the state had tried to work with Hickox on a way for her to be quarantined at home but also able to take walks or go on bike rides without interacting closely with the public. However, he said that the negotiations with Hickox had failed.
“As a result of the failed effort to reach an agreement, the Governor will exercise the full extent of his authority allowable by law,” his office said in a statement.
Hickox has become the central figure in the ongoing debate over how the government will deal with health-care workers who return to the United States after working in the Ebola-ravaged part of West Africa. Before being allowed to return to Maine, she had been under quarantine in New Jersey , which she criticized during a back-and-forth with Gov. Chris Christie (R).
Public-health experts and medical organizations have criticized calls for quarantining aid workers who return from West Africa, arguing that such quarantines would be unnecessary and could deter people from volunteering to fight the Ebola epidemic there. President Obama on Wednesday dismissed calls for quarantines and more aggressive travel restrictions. He said that the people who serve in West Africa “deserve our gratitude and they deserve to be treated with dignity and respect.”
On Friday, LaVerdiere wrote that Hickox “generously, kindly and with compassion” cared for people with Ebola, saying that gratitude is owed to people like her. Still, while he said there are many misconceptions about Ebola and “not entirely rational fear” surrounding the disease in the United States, he said Hickox should remember that this fear is exist before acting.
In its earlier filing asking for the judge to restrict her movements, Maine essentially requested that Hickox be forced to follow the CDC’s recommendations for people returning from West Africa with “some risk,” which would include health-care workers who have treated Ebola patients while wearing protective gear.
That category of people, the CDC says, should be under “direct active monitoring” for 21 days, which means being observed at least once per day by a health official, with a second daily follow-up by phone. The idea is to ensure that if a person does become symptomatic, he or she could quickly be isolated and evaluated for Ebola.
The CDC also suggest public health authorities assess whether a certain case warrants additional restrictions on movement, which in Hickox’s case Maine argued is valid, given her close contact with Ebola patients.
Meanwhile on Friday, the Canadian government said it planned to stop issuing visas to people coming from the West African countries fighting Ebola.
[This post has been updated. First published: 10:33 a.m. Last updated: 3:33 p.m.]
Related: Defiant Maine nurse Kaci Hickox emerges at center of debate
Brady Dennis is a national reporter for The Washington Post, focusing on food and drug issues.
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He runs Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.

ED registers money laundering case in BurdwanblastPrint
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 31, 2014 8:41 pm
Enforcement Directorate (ED) has registered a money laundering case against suspected Indian operatives and an ultra outfit of Bangladesh to probe “terror funding” crimes in the aftermath of the Burdwan blast in West Bengal.
This action is stated to be one of the rare cases where the ED has registered a Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA) case to probe terror funding in the country and abroad.
“The agency’s Kolkata zonal office has registered a case under the PMLA against Hassan Sahib and other members of Jammat-ul-Mujahideen, Bangladesh in Burdwan blast case. The agency suspects terror funding in this case and it will probe this angle,” the ED said in a statement.
Agency officials said they took over the case after taking cognisance of over half-a-dozen FIRs filed by the West Bengal police in this case and also after studying the NIA criminal complaint which has slapped charges under the Indian Penal Code including the provision for waging war against the country, Explosive Substances Act and various sections of Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act, 1967.
The case pertains to an explosion in a rented house at Khagragarh in the same district on October 2 which led to the death of two persons believed to be members of Jamaat-ul-Mujahideen Bangladesh.
Shakil Ahmed and Suvon Mandal alias Subhan, both hailing from Bangladesh, were killed while assembling Improvised Explosive Devices(IEDs).
A suspected terrorist Hassan Sahib alias Sheikh Hakim of the Murshidabad district, who got injured in the same blast and is hospitalised at present, has also been named by the ED in its criminal complaint.
Officials said the ED will look into the funding channels of procuring arms and ammunition for this suspected terror plot which sleuths believe has multi-country ramifications.
“Recently, a team of the terror financing cell of NIA met ED Special Director (East) Yogesh Gupta in Kolkata with regard to these developments. An ED team also visited the spot of the blasts and all this culminated into the registering of this PMLA case,” they said.
So far, 10 people have bee arrested in this case including six in Assam.

AIFF reduces ban on Atletico de Kolkata coach Antonio LopezHabasBy: Press Trust of India | Posted: October 31, 2014 8:30 pm
All India Football Federation today reduced the four-match suspension handed on Atletico de Kolkata head coach Antonio Lopez Habas to two games after an appeal hearing pertaining to the breach of disciplinary code during the ongoing Indian Super League.
The two-match bans on players Robert Pires (FC Goa) and Fikru Lemessa (Atletico de Kolkata) and one-match suspension on ATK goalkeeping coach Predipkumar Bhaktawer remained the same as the AIFF Disciplinary Committee did not make any other change in their earlier order of October 25.
Habas, however, will be put under “probation” for two months and if he commits another infringement, he will have to serve the full four-match suspension as prescribed under the initial decision of the AIFF Disciplinary Committee.
Both the players and the coach were involved in ugly altercations during an ill-tempered match between Atletico de Kolkata and FC Goa at Margao on October 23.
“The Chairman of AIFF Disciplinary Committee decided the following today i.e. Friday, 31st Oct 2014 in the review petitions filed by both teams under Article 143 of the AIFF Disciplinary Code against order dated 25.10.2014: Antonio Lopez Habas, Head Coach of Atletico de Kolkata shall serve the suspension of 4 (four) matches as under:- Suspension for 2 (two) consecutive matches of ISL played or shall be played by the team after 23rd Oct 2014, as per fixture of ISL,” a release said.
“Further, implementation of sanction of remaining two matches shall remain suspended for a probationary period of two months from 23rd Oct 2014. During this two months probation period, if Antonio Lopez Habas commits another infringement, the suspension shall be automatically revoked and the sanction applied; it will be added to the new sanction pronounced for the new infringement,” it added.
The fine of Rs 5 lakh imposed on Habas and the two players remains the same.
Habas and Pires were reportedly involved in an altercation in the tunnel when the two teams left for the half-time break in the ATK vs FC Goa match at Margao on October 23. Later, FC Goa coach Zico alleged that former France international and Arsenal legend Pires was punched by Habas during the altercation.

Smart universal remote app Peel now has 100 million globalusersPeel works with 3,500 brands of TVs and 600 set-top boxes.
By: Tech Desk | Posted: October 31, 2014 8:29 pm
Peel has announced that its smart universal remote app has reached 100 million total global users in just under 30 months.
“In comparison, Facebook took more than 4 ½ years to acquire its first 100 million users and Twitter and Tumblr more than 5 years. More recently, highly social apps such as Line and Instagram have reached the milestone in 19 months and 26 months respectively. Peel’s accomplishment is just behind chat app Tango’s 29 months and just ahead of Skype’s 32 months,” according to a statement.
“Our plan at the beginning of this year was to triple our overall user base to 125 million and we are ahead of pace to accomplish that goal,” said Thiru Arunachalam, CEO and co-founder of Peel. “Demand in the US as well as in India and Asia has really surprised us. We are now the clear global leader in smart home control.”
Arunachalam, a graduate of National Institute of Technology Tiruchirappalli (NITT) who previously worked at Apple, added that Peel is now preloaded on a variety of popular Android smartphones and tablets sold in India. These include the Galaxy S4 and S5 from Samsung and Xolo’s Q2100.
The Peel Smart Remote app has more than 1 million activated users in India.
Peel works with 3,500 brands of TVs, including popular LG and Samsung models, and 600 set-top boxes, including those from Airtel, Tata Sky, Dish TV, Hathway, DEN and Siti Cable, along with air conditioners and other appliances. For Indian consumers, Peel features TV listings from WhatsOnIndia.
Earlier this month Peel announced that its rapid growth in the smart home control space had attracted $50 million in strategic investment from Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba.
To date, Peel users have generated more than 50 billion smart remote commands, and paired 60 million televisions, 20 million set-top boxes and 2 million air conditioners with the app. Peel counts as a user anyone who has initiated registration in its app.
This past summer, Peel launched its Peel.in Platform, which allows TV networks to share a unique tune-in URL on Twitter and Facebook. It has been used by US networks from HBO and Showtime to Sundance and the Emmys to promote TV shows. Users who click on these links can either tune-in directly if they have the Peel app on their device, or set a calendar reminder if they don’t. Peel has plans to expand the Peel.in platform to India networks in the near future.

Coal unions call one-day strike on November 24Coal India staff to strike on November 24 to protest private mining clause
ET Bureau Nov 1, 2014, 04.13AM IST
(Central trade unions in…)
NEW DELHI: Workers of Coal India plan to go on a one-day strike on November 24 to protest against the government's move to allow private companies in commercial coal mining and reduce its stake in the state-run monopoly.
Four of the five CIL trade unions will participate in the strike to oppose the coal ordinance passed recently to open the sector and auction 204 blocks cancelled by the Supreme Court on September 24. This could lead to a loss of about 1.3 million tonnes to the company.
The unions have served a strike notice to the ministry, asking for scrapping a clause in the ordinance permitting private commercial coal mining. Workers have also demanded that preference be given to Coal India in allocating captive coal blocks and halting of 10% disinvestment in the company.
The Coal Mines (Special Ordinance) was announced on October 21 to allot captive mines to private companies through e-auction and on nomination basis to government entities. "Through this ordinance, the government has acquired powers to allow private companies in mining of coal for commercial purpose. This proposition is unacceptable to workers of the coal industry," the strike notice noted.
Workers also demanded a halt to restructuring of Coal India and restoration of spot sale to enable it to generate additional profits. The Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs had on September 10 approved a proposal to sell 10% stake in Coal India for about Rs 23,000 crore to reduce the fiscal deficit.
INTUC, AITUC, Centre of Indian Trade Unions and HMS are supporting the strike, though BMS skipped a meeting on Friday.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Now you can delete  send timed messages onBBMSimilar to popular photo messaging app Snapchat, BBM will now allow users to set a timer for messages.
By: PTI | New Delhi | Posted: October 31, 2014 8:52 pm
Smartphone maker BlackBerry has introduced new privacy and control features for its messaging app BBM, allowing users to delete messages from chats and share pictures for short duration of time.
Similar to popular photo messaging app Snapchat, BBM will now allow users to set a timer for controlling how long messages and pictures they share with contacts can be viewed within BBM.
The message is hidden until the recipient touches and holds on the chat. Then, once the timer has expired (or if the recipient takes their finger off the screen), the message is no longer visible.
The user also receives a notification if BBM detects that the recipient has taken a screenshot of the image or message.
“At the core of the BBM experience is privacy and control. These two notions are more important today than ever before as people are looking for simple ways to help guard against their messages getting into the wrong hands or being seen by anyone other than the intended recipient,” BlackBerry said in a statement.
The new features for BBM introduced today enable users to communicate with more discretion and freedom, it added.
Using the message retraction feature, users can retract their message to remove it from their BBM chat before or after it has been read, so that it is no longer visible within the BBM chat.
The Timed Messages and Message Retraction will, however, be are premium features. While these will be available free to BBM users for next three months, these will later be offered as part of a broader bundle of features with BBM subscription later.
“These new enhancements to BBM were highly requested so we’re excited to be delivering them to users today,” BlackBerry President Global Enterprise Services John Sims said.
These capabilities will allow users to be more creative in how they deliver their messages while also being confident that their content is kept private and seen only by its intended recipient, he added.
Besides, BBM has introduced a new feature that allows users to request an HD version to enjoy picture they receive on BBM in full detail.
The new features are available for download over the next couple of days for BlackBerry 10 smartphones, iPhones and Android smartphones by installing the latest BBM update in BlackBerry World, Apple App Store and Google Play.
Introduced in 2005, BBM was a popular messaging app on BlackBerry handsets. It was later made available on other platforms like Android and iOS following strong compete from newer apps like WhatsApp, LINE and WeChat.

Do those we know that you voted warnings actually work An expert weighs in.By Philip Bump October 31 Follow @pbump
The favorite distinction of the political hack is between the privacy of your vote and privacy that you vote. Modern politics is heavily dependent on knowing how often you make it to the polls, driving polling, ad targeting, and -- in increasingly direct ways -- efforts to get you to the polls.
Earlier this week, we looked at the trend toward using social pressure to get people to turn out. Since then, more examples have cropped up, spurring an often-negative response.
Like this letter sent from the Democratic Party of New York, reading, in part: "We will be reviewing the New York County official voting records after the upcoming election to determine whether you join your neighbors who voted in 2014. If you do not vote this year, we will be interested to hear why not." Which prompted a perhaps-expected response: Get out of my head, New York Democrats.
And then there's this report from North Carolina about a similar effort -- what some call "vote-shaming" -- by the state Democratic Party. Also, this in Alaska .
But clearly, there's a reason this is being done. To evaluate the utility of those letters and similar efforts, we reached out to Dr. Donald Green of Columbia University, who has been researching turnout techniques, including social pressure, for years. (You may remember that Green also spoke with us last week to assess turnout at large .)
(Washington Post)
We were particularly interested in several experiments, clearly aimed at boosting turnout:
The New York Democrats' letter and a similar postcard received by someone I know
DidTheyVote.org , which lets people see if their friends in Oregon have mailed in their ballots yet
The above-mentioned experiment from a PAC in Alaska listing neighbors' voting histories .
So does it work? "The one in Alaska is patterned after the work of Mark Grebner, who is the one who developed this kind of tactic more than 10 years ago," Green said when we spoke by phone Friday morning. "He's the brains behind that whole idea of basically reminding people that voting is a public record and dramatizing it by presenting them with that record. ... His idea was that people would vote if we were to sort of return to the days of open, village-level elections and people showed up to be counted." The Oregon experiment, which is similar to other experiments in other states, tries to leverage Facebook in a non-confrontational way to do the same thing.
The tool walks a fine line. "The more forceful the social pressure, the bigger the effect," Green says, which inspires campaigns and advocates to push the boundaries. It's a balance along two lines: How confrontational you want to be and how much effort you want to put into it. Something like the Alaska mailer requires a lot more data than the simple "we will be interested to hear why not" eyebrow-raise from the Democrats -- which costs nothing but clearly hopes for the same effect. "That's a new move," Green said of that line in the letter, a different "mix of the ingredients" than he's seen, trying to balance the effects with the negative response.
Green actually warns campaigns about using the tactic. "In our 'Get Out the Vote' book , we warn readers not to use these tactics, lest they encounter a wave of angry responses." In an effort to find a balance, "we've seen quite a lot of research on softening these tactics to make them somewhat more palatable." Some outreach praises voters, some thanks voters for having voted, and some are direct. "The more heavy-handed your approach, the more negative press you're likely to get," he says. "That's why you see the range of postcards and mailings" we've seen over the past few cycles. Experimentation.
As always, the rise of outside spending complicates things. The letter sent in Alaska was from a conservative PAC called Opportunity Alliance. It can target specific voters with specific details -- a forceful social push -- without a campaign or candidate or even political movement bearing the brunt of the blowback. Green has seen this on the rise, too.
If you're one of those who is frustrated by such mailings, Green offers a possible bit of good news: He hasn't seen research tracking the cumulative effect of such reminders over time, and suspects that it might be diminishing. The desperation of groups in the low-turnout midterm election of 2014, in other words, might be peak we're-watching-you, if turnout, as it turns out, didn't see much of a boost.
Over the long run, there's only one way to keep campaigns from breathing down your neck: don't vote. But that, of course, carries its own set of problems.
Philip Bump writes about politics for The Fix. He is based in New York City.

LaVar Arrington dresses up as J.J. Watt and gets accused of wearing white faceBy Scott Allen October 31 Follow @ScottSAllen
The hosts of NFL Network’s “NFL AM” went all out for Halloween on Friday’s show. Terrell Davis appeared as gap-toothed Michael Strahan. Rhett Wilson wore pleated pants as Jim Harbaugh. Jordan Babineaux donned dreadlocks as Marshawn Lynch. And former Redskins great LaVar Arrington transformed into J.J. Watt, paying homage to the six stitches and bloodied nose the Texans defensive end received during Houston’s Week 4 loss to the Seahawks last season.
Catch me on @NFL_AM as the man @JJWatt . #HappyHalloween pic.twitter.com/ZfR0KTriiI — LaVar Leap Arrington (@LaVarArrington) October 31, 2014
Some people loved Arrington’s costume, while others took issue with him lightening the complexion of his skin.
I’m usually a fan of @LaVarArrington but what the hell is he doing in white face this morning!? Seriously, nobody shut this down…? @NFL_AM
— Tom Di Benedetto (@Producer_Tom) October 31, 2014
Did LaVarr Arrington really don whiteface to portray JJ Watt??? — Peter North (@MrLawson) October 31, 2014
I’m not “offended” by Lavar Arrington in whiteface, but he just lost any grounds to be offended by anyone going the other way with it. — Benjamin Allbright (@AllbrightNFL) October 31, 2014
Lavarr Arrington in whiteface on national TV. What a sicko!! — Kingkilla56_OS (@KingMark56) October 31, 2014
It’s racist to do blackface… Yet, Lavarr Arrington can do white face for his JJ Watt costume. #doublestandard #dasracist @nflnetwork
— Justin Kokos (@justinkokos) October 31, 2014
Arrington felt compelled to defend himself against those who accused him of using ‘white face’ on Twitter.
Just so it’s clear I have lighter makeup not white face, cosmetic for the blood on my nose to show up better. It clearly isn’t white makeup — LaVar Leap Arrington (@LaVarArrington) October 31, 2014
Silly to even make a fun moment racial I explained it already enjoy the show
— LaVar Leap Arrington (@LaVarArrington) October 31, 2014
Even if Arrington did wear white makeup for the costume, comparing whiteface to blackface is foolish. That said, if you’re dressing up as another human being this Halloween, it’s probably best to just leave the color of your face alone.
#Halloween on NFLAM= @RhettNFL as Jim Harbaugh, Erin as Belichick, LaVar as JJ Watt & Babs as Beastmode. #TrickorTreat pic.twitter.com/Tz7HRP6EcH — NFL AM (@NFL_AM) October 31, 2014
Here they are in all their glory! The beautiful cast of #NFLAM ! @MollyQerim @RhettNFL #Halloween #costume #fun pic.twitter.com/UhuXb2lXc9 — NFL AM (@NFL_AM) October 31, 2014
Scott Allen writes about all things D.C. sports. Follow him on Twitter @ScottSAllen or e-mail him if you’ve got a tip to share.

Habas did not attack Pires: AIFF Secy GenHabas did not attack Pires: AIFF Secy Gen
BJP credits Modi govt for reduction in petrol  diesel pricesBJP credits Modi govt for reduction in petrol  diesel prices
Gold falls below Rs 26000 on global crash; silver sinksGold falls below Rs 26000 on global crash; silver sinks
PVR Q2 net profit declines 66 per cent to Rs 9.20 crorePVR Q2 net profit declines 66 per cent to Rs 9.20 crore
Petrol price slashed by Rs. 2.41 per litre; diesel by Rs. 2.25Petrol price slashed by Rs. 2.41 per litre; diesel by Rs. 2.25
Oriental carbon rs 386  has posted nice q2 results   revenue up by 14%...Platinum Member
5162 Followers
Oriental Carbon Rs 386 ,has posted Nice Q2 Results , Revenue Up by 14% , Business Profits Up by 40% n Net Profit Up by 67% , that`s a very Solid Result , All ppl whu bought on my advice around Rs 210 , pls continue to hold , Higher Levels of Rs 500-550 are on the cards
9.58 PM Oct 31st  | Track

Ambuja cements results are outCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Its possible it may consolidate at this level for some more timePlatinum Member
372 Followers
Delivery percentage increase is an indication of more stability on upside in coming days... But What is more important news is the FII  which were missing in the Indian markets are back as evident  from   today Market operations for lot of reasons which we can discus later .. They are on shopping  spree from today .. when they do shopping they first put their hands  in Blue chips... In second phase they normally  enter into small and midcaps ... That time sure ,, we can see lot of upsides on this counter...if they come and select this counter  which is quite possible ,,,

Stoploss given arvind remedies by mukeshsingh was 45.stoploss ho gaya....Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

When Sardar Patel stole the thunder from Indira GandhiWhen Sardar Patel stole the thunder from Indira Gandhi
Our Bureau
Cong cries foul as Modi govt ignores former PM’s 30th death anniversary
Prime Minister Narendra Modi flagging off the 'Run for Unity' in New Delhi on Friday. PTI
New Delhi, October 31:  
Political pronouncements were rich in symbolism on Friday. The BJP, led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, devoted the day to commemorate Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel on his birth anniversary while ignoring the death anniversary of Indira Gandhi and simultaneously condemning the anti-Sikh riots that followed her assassination on October 31, 1984.
No senior leader of the BJP visited Shakti Sthal, where Indira was cremated this day exactly three decades ago.
It was left to President Pranab Mukherjee, former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Indira’s immediate family — her daughter-in-law and Congress president Sonia Gandhi and party vice-president Rahul Gandhi — to offer prayers in memory of the slain leader.
At the same time, Modi joined a throng of BJP workers and government officials in the ‘Run for Unity’ organised to commemorate Patel’s birth anniversary which will henceforth be marked as ‘Nation Unity Day’.
His speech at the ‘Run for Unity’ function, was entirely devoted to remembering Sadar Patel. His only reference to Indira particularly underlined the anti-Sikh riots following her assassination by her Sikh bodyguards.
“On the birth anniversary of a great leader like Patel, a horrific event took place. Thousands of people were killed. This was not just a crime against a community. It was a dagger in the heart of a great country and ancient civilisation. It was most condemnable,” he said.
The Congress, whose Sonia once referred to Modi as a maut ka saudagar (merchant of death) for being at the helm of affairs in Gujarat in 2002 when over 2,000 people were killed in anti-Muslim riots, was caught on the wrong foot at the focus on the anti-Sikh riots, in which several Congress leaders were implicated.
No mention
So, while making no mention of either the anti-Sikh riots in 1984 or the anti-Muslim riots in 2002, the Congress spokespersons targeted the ruling party for ignoring Indira.
“It is petty-minded, partisan and disrespectful to those who gave their lives to their country, particularly Indira Gandhi, who sacrificed her life for the unity of this country,” said Congress leader Anand Sharma, adding, “This shows what the PM Modi and the BJP stand for.”
Sharma said that it was ironic that the PM was flagging off a ‘Run for Unity’ and not even mentioning the “supreme sacrifice of one of the greatest leaders of our times.” Sardar Patel, Sharma was quick to point out, was a Congress leader who, as Home Minister, had banned the RSS, the ideological mother of the BJP.
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

India conveys concern to Sri Lanka on death sentence to TN fishermenIndia conveys concern to Sri Lanka on death sentence to TN fishermen
Our Bureau
Lawyers plan appeal
New Delhi, October 31:  
Lawyers for the five Tamil Nadu fishermen who were sentenced to death by a Sri Lankan lower court on Thursday feel that there has been a miscarriage of justice and they will appeal against the lower court’s order.
The fishermen were arrested by the Sri Lankan Navy in November 2011 on drug trafficking charges.
Briefing newspersons here on Friday, a spokesman of the Ministry of External Affairs said the Indian High Commissioner in Colombo had detailed discussions with the lawyers who are waiting for the final copy of the judgment. “Based on that they will take the next action…of course (it) will include a possible appeal to the court of appeal against the judgment,” the spokesman said.
Concerns in the Indian Government over the Sri Lankan lower court order have also been conveyed to the authorities of the island nation both in Colombo and here.
The Indian High Commission has contacted the Sri Lankan Foreign Minister and the Defence Secretary. Besides, the legal architecture between the two nations also provides another option as was the case in the 1990s.
Past cases
At that time two Indian nationals were given the death sentence in Sri Lanka which was commuted to a life sentence by the President in his capacity as the Executive Authority in Sri Lanka.
The spokesman added that following the commuting of the sentence the two had served some time in a Sri Lankan prison and in 2013 were transferred to India to serve out the rest of the sentence.
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

350 national highways to have e-toll collection systems by Dec-end: GadkariElectronic age (from left) Chanda Kochhar, ICICI CEO; RP Singh, NHAI Chairman; Nitin Gadkari, Minister for Road Transport; and Krishna Pal, Minister of State, at the inauguration in New Delhi on Friday. MEETA AHLAWAT
New Delhi, Oct 31:  
Electronic toll collection (ETC) systems will be installed in at least one lane of 350 toll plazas across national highways, advancing the earlier target date by three months, Road Transport and Highways Minister Nitin Gadkari has said.
Given the average waiting time of 10 minutes at toll plazas, there is scope to save Rs 7,000 crore through fuel savings, Gadkari said, while inaugurating electronic tolling system on the Delhi-Mumbai corridor.
Citing a Transport Corporation of India-IIM Kolkata study that said Rs 27,000 crore was lost on account of various delays at checkposts, the Minister said electronic toll collection could save Rs 34,000 crore.
However, even with these estimates, the benefits would accrue only if all vehicles adopt the electronic toll collection mechanism and all toll plazas install the systems.
The electronic clearing house for the ETC system is being facilitated by ICICI Bank and Axis Bank.
ETC has already been installed at 55 toll plazas and their integration with the Central Clearing House (CCH) operators has almost been completed on the Delhi-Mumbai route via Haryana, Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, Gujarat and Maharashtra. A pilot project for an inter-operable ETC system of 10 toll plazas between Mumbai (Charoti) and Ahmedabad has already been tested and seamless ETC on this section is in operation.
The Centre has issued orders to incorporate ETC lanes as a mandatory clause in the contracts awarded for all the highways projects in future. Action will be taken to include ETC system by means of supplementary agreement in those projects which have not yet been started.
For implementing ETC across the country, a new company -- Indian Highways Management Company Limited -- has been formed, with equity participation from National Highways Authority of India (NHAI), concessionaires and financial institutions.
On Friday, Gadkari also launched a project under which a survey will be done to gather data on actual traffic on highways.
The Minister also formally launched NHAI's toll information system website, which helps users by defining toll plaza locations and respective the user fees. Users can check the toll charges through text messages from mobile phones. However, full benefits of such a service will only accrue after similar services are started by all State Governments for toll plazas.
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

Nita Ambani to join global war against cancerHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Nita Ambani to join global war against cancer
Our Bureau
Invited to be on MD Anderson Cancer Centre board
Mumbai, October 31:  
Nita Ambani, Founder and Chairperson, Reliance Foundation, has been invited to join the Board of Visitors of the University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Centre. She will be the first Indian and the second Asian to join the institution’s board.
The MD Anderson Cancer Centre is widely acclaimed as a premier cancer centre, with a commitment to rapidly translate scientific knowledge into better cancer therapies and prevention strategies, resulting in an improved quality of life for patients.
Nita Ambani was nominated by Senator Kay Bailey Hutchison. Inviting her to join the Board, Melvyn N Klein, Chairman of the MD Anderson Board, said in a statement: “By giving your time, talents and treasure, you will help advance the institution’s mission to eliminate cancer, and ultimately make a significant difference in the lives of cancer patients and their families.”
Early detection
Oncology is a thrust area at the Sir HN Reliance Foundation Hospital and Research Centre, which was rededicated to the city of Mumbai last week by Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
The latest equipment that can help early detection of cancer as well as advances in nuclear medicine help doctors to treat cancer patients quickly and with reduced pain. Both the Sir HN Reliance Foundation Hospital and Research Centre and the MD Anderson Cancer Centre will collaborate in the area of oncology and bring to India the latest research findings and discoveries to offer patients high-quality treatment.
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

Intellihot wins $400 000 in Illinois Clean Energy Fund AwardsDanielle Braff
Three other startups also won cash: SiNode Systems, a battery materials maker, $300,000; AllCell Technologies, a battery pack manufacturer, $200,000; and Agentis Energy, maker of a software platform to help energy customers manage power consumption, $100,000.
The money came from a $2.3 million DCEO grant aimed at early growth companies. Clean Energy Trust CEO Amy Francetic said these firms have products in the market and are generating revenue but need capital to sustain growth.
“You need a lot of capital in the clean tech space,” Francetic said. “This is a bridge to more venture funding.”
cComments
"The money came from a $2.3 million DCEO grant ..." Meaning, taxpayer money! I love it when the government renames tax money "grants!" " Don't worry! The Divvy Bike Program is funded by a special grant. No public money was used." So, where did that money...
Calvin N Hobbes

Satyam Case Verdict Likely on December 23You are here: Home Corporates
Satyam Case Verdict Likely on December 23
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 30, 2014 15:54 (IST)
Hyderabad: A special court will give its verdict on December 23 in the accounting fraud in the erstwhile Satyam Computer Services Limited, nearly six years after the multi-crore rupee scam jolted corporate India.
Special judge B V L N Chakravarthi has fixed December 23 for pronouncement of the much-awaited judgement.
All the ten accused in the case, including prime accused Satyam Computers founder and former chairman B Ramalinga Raju and his brother and Satyam's former MD B Rama Raju, appeared in the court, as per its direction. The media was not allowed inside the court.
The others accused in the case are ex-CFO Vadlamani Srinivas, former PwC auditors Subramani Gopalakrishnan and T Srinivas, Raju's another brother B Suryanarayana Raju, former employees G Ramakrishna, D Venkatpathi Raju and Ch Srisailam, and Satyam's former internal chief auditor V S Prabhakar Gupta.
The court, in the meanwhile, heard arguments by the defence and prosecution after Mr Raju had filed an application before it challenging the authenticity of some of the electronic evidence presented by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) that investigated the fraud.
The defence contended that some of the electronic evidence submitted against Mr Raju and the others accused was inadmissible because it was not retrieved in accordance with provisions of the Evidence Act.
Touted as the country's biggest accounting fraud, the scam came to light on January 7, 2009, after Ramalinga Raju allegedly confessed to manipulating his company's account books and inflating profits over many years to the tune of several crores of rupees.
Mr Raju was arrested by the Crime Investigation Department of Andhra Pradesh Police two days later along with his brother Rama Raju and others.
Mr Raju and others were charged with offences like cheating, criminal conspiracy, forgery and breach of trust under relevant sections of IPC for inflating invoices and incomes, account falsification, faking fixed deposits, besides allegedly falsifying returns through violation of various I-T laws.
In February that year, the CBI took over investigation and filed three charge sheets, which were later clubbed into one.
Mr Raju later retracted his confession statement and contended that all charges levelled by the CBI were false.
During the trial, the CBI alleged that the scam caused a loss of Rs 14,000 crore to Satyam shareholders, while the defence countered the charges saying the accused were not responsible for the fraud and all the documents filed by the central agency relating to the case were fabricated and not according to law.
At present, all the accused are out on bail, though the Enforcement Directorate has also filed a charge sheet against them under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act.
Satyam Computer Services Ltd had later merged with Tech Mahindra.
Story first published on: October 30, 2014 15:51 (IST)

Moran s charred wood lamp: more functional art than furniture0
Yes, the lamp's 21-inch base — made of loblolly pine charred in a stove pipe of timber using the ancient Japanese preservation technique of shou-sugi-ban (devised to fend off fire, insects and rot) — might initially strike some as more shabby than chic. But admire it awhile, and you can't help but warm to the ombre effect of the finish, which, along with nickel fixtures and the white linen drum shade made in Kentucky, gives the lamp a refined simplicity.
Moran's work is reflective of a growing trend that blends rough-hewn materials and textures with clean lines and contemporary finishes. The charred lamp would be right at home on a nightstand or side table in a vintage-modern room. Every lamp in the limited-edition collection comes with a history of the tree, details of the design and a commissioned art print. Plus, a portion of each sale benefits the Arbor Day Foundation.

Bosch strike: Global chairman seeks proactive labour reformsVolkmar Denner, Chairman, Board of Management, Robert Bosch
Volkmar Denner says new laws should help manufacturing sector stay competitive
Bangalore, October 30:  
The global chairman of the Bosch board, Dr Volkmar Denner, has said he is extremely concerned about the ongoing strike at the Bangalore plant of the world’s leading auto part maker. He has sought labour reforms of the kind that will help the Indian manufacturing sector remain competitive.
“Labour reforms are necessary provided they help us to remain competitive,” Denner told newspersons during his maiden visit to the country.
The chairman of the Bosch board was peppered with questions on the labour strike, which has been going on for the last 45 days. Nearly 2,300 workers at the company’s Bangalore plant are on strike, seeking better wages to match the higher productivity norms put in place by the auto-parts maker. The Karnataka Government has banned the strike while the workers have filed a writ petition in the High Court against the order.
“We are doing everything to come to an agreeable solution with the workers,” Denner said. He, however, did not describe the kind of labour reforms the Government should implement.
Loss estimate
Meanwhile, in a filing with the BSE, Bosch has said that the estimated loss on account of the labour strike was about 2 per cent of the turnover during the strike period. Mico Employees Union president Prasanna Kumar said there were mainly two issues which the employees union had put forth among their demands.
One was regarding making 369 temporary workers permanent as they have been working in the company for nearly 10 years.
The next was increasing the wages as the management has decided to implement a new wage structure based on Valid Time study which increases production targets to nearly double of the earlier ones.
As per the earlier model, the wage structure was based on negotiations between the workers’ union and the management. If higher productivity was achieved, incentives would be given to the workers. Each of the various plants of Bosch spread across the country has a different wage structure.
Bosch’s managing director, Dr Steffen Berns, said the company offers its workers one of the best wage structures in the industry and was hopeful that, very soon, the strike would be called off.
He said all the orders from various passenger car companies were being met and there has been no lag in production.
(This article was published on October 30, 2014)
Related

The marketers rural superheroTweet
What are the factors that made him one?
Shed the old and preconceived notions of the rural consumer being rustic, unsophisticated and someone who believes only in cheap products! A survey The Rise of India’s Rural Super Consumer by Nielsen India says there is now a breed of shoppers that are economically and emotionally inclined towards higher-ticket, branded consumption, not unlike their urban counterparts. The study notes that this has been a consumer who has always existed – sometimes eluding marketing attention and at other times, revealing themselves to carry a blockbuster product or service to salvation. Better infrastructure in electricity and telecom, as well as literacy, have served to created this breed. This consumer is defined as someone who is confident in his knowledge of the market as well as his needs. Almost 35 per cent of them are tech-savvy and use the Internet. Falling prices of LED and LCD TVs has increased their presence, and marketers find the medium indispensable for connecting to rural markets. These consumers are optimistic about their employment and financial prospects. To them, a brand represents good utility value. Cheapest is not the most obvious choice.
Nielsen conducted the survey from which this report is derived in Andhra Pradesh, Maharashtra, Gujarat and Punjab, which contribute substantially to the country’s agriculture GDP. The study, carried out between April and June 2014, covered only opinion leaders or influential villagers belonging to SEC A and B (rural India) and residing in the most agriculturally progressive districts, zones and villages.
(This article was published on October 30, 2014)
Related

Opening the floor for developmentOpening the floor for development
Meera Siva
Tweet
BL Research Bureau:  
The Union Cabinet approved amending the existing foreign direct investment (FDI) policy for the construction development sector, in line with the Budget announcement, brought cheers to the real estate industry. These players have a long standing request for relaxed FDI rules to attract funding. Shares of realty companies, particularly those with high debt, such as Unitech, DLF and Puravankara climbed after the announcement.
The new rules are investor friendly on multiple fronts. For one, the norms on the minimum development area for a project have been relaxed. For serviced plots - where roads, water, drainage and other conveniences are available – the minimum land size has been waived, from a requirement of 10 hectares earlier. For construction-development projects, the minimum floor area is reduced to 20,000 sq. meters, from 50,000 sq. meters.
These changes will help stoke foreign investor interest in smaller projects and those in tier-2 and tier-3 cities. “The revised policy will first help investment infusion into housing development projects in suburbs and periphery of metropolitan locations as well as for niche housing projects in city centre locations of Delhi, Mumbai and Bengaluru” says Sanjay Dutt, Executive Managing Director, South Asia, Cushman & Wakefield, a real estate consultant. Shares of Mumbai based realtor HDIL shot up 6 per cent.
To boost funding to affordable housing projects, the conditions of minimum floor area as well as capital requirements are waived if at least 30 per cent of the total project cost is committed for low-cost affordable housing. To qualify as an affordable housing project, at least 60 percent of the floor area must be used to build small homes (not more than 650 sq feet). The Government noted that enhancement of the affordable housing stock “is an urgent need” in order to stem the proliferation of slums in and around the cities. Shares of Mahindra Lifespace Developer, which has launched multiple affordable housing projects, were up 3 per cent.
The terms are further sweetened by a reduction in the minimum investment requirements. Investee companies are required to bring in an investment of $5 million, down from $10 million earlier. The move is aimed to bring in more investments into the sector that has seen a decline in fund flow after 2009-10.
The lock-in period for investment has however not been relaxed from 3-years. Foreign investors can however exit earlier if the project is completed. The Government may also permit repatriation of FDI or transfer of stake before project completion on a case to case basis by Foreign Investment Promotion Board.
As a whole, these changes could bring relief debt-laden developers who have been hit by slowing demand, approval delays and rising interest cost. That said, while investors are likely to benefit from the new norms and funding may receive a boost, realty companies may still have to brace for a slow recovery. “FDI will not begin flowing within the next 24 hours. We foresee another 8-12 months for the decision to bear fruit”, says Shishir Baijal, Chairman & Managing Director, Knight Frank India, a real estate consultancy firm.
(This article was published on October 30, 2014)
Related

Espresso Express: Starbucks Plans Delivery Serviceespresso express: starbucks plans delivery service
5 questions you should always ask yourself5 questions you should always ask yourself
Questions
iStock/ Getty Images
We can actually learn a lot by consistently asking ourselves a few simple, yet targeted, questions.
We can actually learn a lot by consistently asking ourselves a few simple, yet targeted, questions. (iStock/ Getty Images)
By Curt Mercadante
'We can actually learn a lot just by consistently asking ourselves a few simple, yet targeted, questions.'
From a very young age, we are taught to ask questions. We’re told that being inquisitive is a good thing because asking questions will help you solve the problem faster. And that’s true. But one thing we never make a habit of, though we should, is asking ourselves questions.
0
What did I accomplish today?
At the end of every day, you should think about what you accomplished that day. And that doesn’t just mean what you checked off your to-do list. Accomplishments can be something big, like finally finishing a long-term project, or something small, such as writing an email you’ve been putting off. Celebrate all your accomplishments, big or small. It’s a sign that you’re moving forward to wherever you want to go.
How could I have done it better?
While you should give yourself a pat on the back for the things you’ve accomplished, you should also give yourself some constructive criticism. Out of the things you’ve done, how could you have it done it better? Constantly and consistently analyzing your thought processes and strategies can help you improve yourself going forward, which in turn maximizes your productivity and efficiency.
What will I do tomorrow?
Think about the present and how you’re making the most of your now, but also plan for the future. What will you do tomorrow? What are you aiming to accomplish? Having a solid plan for the short term will help you plan accordingly for it now, instead of letting it creep up on you later on.
Where do I want to be a week from now? A month? A year?
You should not only think about the short term but the long term as well. After all, what you do now affects what you’re able to do later. So think about it: where do you want to be a week from now? A month from now? Or even a year from now? Create challenging yet realistic goals and start planning out how you’re going to reach them.
What makes me happy?
We’re always trying to move ourselves forward and be better versions of who we were yesterday. But slow down and take a moment to appreciate today. Think about the things that make you happy and the things you are grateful for. The more we do that, the more attainable our futures will be.

What Small Business Owners Need to Know About an IT Security BreachOur lives are on the Internet. From paying your bills online to managing your email,
to sharing your Facebook status, our lives revolve around the web. If you are the
owner of a business or a freelancer like I am, a lot of your work and information is kept through a variety of internet platforms. Additionally, a lot of your transactions are internet based.
Even large companies with IT security teams such as Target, Home Depot, and even TJX Corp have faced security breaches in their database. Millions of clients' information was released, which leads to distrust of the brand. The impact of a security breach could cause a larger effect on your business due to a smaller client base. When you are small business owner, you most likely can't afford your own security team. However, you can do your best to prevent a security breach through a few simple tips. Here are some tips to help keep your business and brand secure:
1. Opt into a IT Security Service with for your computers
Your business is run through your computer. It holds transactions, client information, as well as personal information pertaining to your own business. Companies such as Dell offer programs that offer 24/7 client protection services to protect you against situations such as a possible virus or computer
hacking. This could save you money in the long run.
2. Look into Cyber Security Insurance
Cyber security breaches cost companies an average 9.4 million for one or more incidents. Most small businesses will declare bankruptcy before being able to pay off all of the clients' personal damages. Cyber Security Insurance offers policyholders protection against hackers, security breaches, as well as possible lawsuits in case an incident occurs.
3. Stay Informed
Read up on the latest security breaches and see if it affects you and your company. The Better Business Bureau isn't afraid to shed light on this matter. In fact, they offer tips to keep your business as well as your personal life secure .
4. Change Your Passwords Regularly
Make sure your passwords are different and they are changed regularly. If a hacker knows one password, it can potentially break into everything you own. By changing your passwords and differentiating them, you are giving your business a fighting chance to keep some information secure.
Follow Ashley Massis on Twitter: www.twitter.com/ashleymassis
More:

Coalgate: Court grants bail to ex-coal secretary  2 govt officialsCoalgate: Court grants bail to ex-coal secretary, 2 govt officials
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 31:  
Former coal secretary and four others, including two serving government officials, were today granted bail by a Special Court in connection with a coal blocks allocation scam case.
The five accused, including H C Gupta and two senior serving government servants K S Kropha and K C Samaria, appeared before the court in pursuance to the summons issued against them and sought bail in the case.
After hearing the arguments, Special CBI Judge Bharat Parashar granted bail to all the accused.
Besides Gupta, the then Joint Secretary, Kropha, and the then Director (Coal Allocation-I section), Samaria, Managing Director of Madhya Pradesh-based firm Kamal Sponge Steel and Power Ltd Pawan Kumar Ahluwalia, Chartered Accountant Amit Goyal and authorised representative of the company, appeared before the court.
All of them were already summoned as accused for offences under Sections 120-B (criminal conspiracy), 409 (criminal breach of trust by public servant) and 420 (cheating) under the IPC. Only Gupta has been summoned before the offences punishable under the Prevention of Corruption Act.
The court had summoned them as accused in the case, while refusing to accept the closure report filed by CBI in the case pertaining to alleged irregularities in the allocation of coal blocks to Kamal Sponge Steel.
The court had yesterday allowed CBI to carry out further probe in the case, saying that the agency may place records of the case before the authorities for grant of sanction to prosecute the public servants.
The court had also asked CBI to file a progress report of its further investigation on December 15 and said the agency should be at a liberty to probe any other aspect of the matter if found necessary by it.
On October 13, the court had summoned six accused, including Gupta, Samaria, Kropha and Kamal Sponge Steel.
CBI’s closure report
Refusing to accept the CBI’s closure report, the special court had observed that the probe carried out by it was “sketchy” and its conclusion “apparently wrong’’.
The court, in its detailed order had noted that no cognisance of offences under the Prevention of Corruption Act could be taken against Kropha and Samaria for want of sanction as they are still in government service.
The case pertains to alleged misrepresenting of facts, including inflated net worth, by Kamal Sponge Steel to acquire Thesgora-B/ Rudrapuri coal block in Madhya Pradesh.
According to CBI, the company had allegedly given false statement about its annual turnover for two financial years i.e. 2004-2005 and 2005-2006 in their application form, while applying for coal blocks allocation.
CBI had earlier told the court that the officials of KSSPL had furnished an unaudited balance sheet and had allegedly inflated its capacity to produce sponge iron by 25 per cent.
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

Congress says Modi disrespected Indira Gandhi s sacrificeCong says Modi disrespected Indira's sacrifice
PTI  New Delhi, October 31, 2014
First Published: 15:07 IST(31/10/2014) | Last Updated: 17:18 IST(1/11/2014)
Comments
Congress on Friday termed as 'disgusting' and 'petty-minded' the way the Narendra Modi government marked the death anniversary of Indira Gandhi while the ruling BJP wondered if that party prefers to see history through the 'perspective' of Nehru-Gandhi family.
"It is petty-minded, it is partisan and disrespectful to those who gave their lives to their country, particularly Indira Gandhi who gave hers for the unity of this country," Deputy Leader of the Opposition in Rajya Sabha Anand Sharma told reporters in New Delhi, adding, it showed Modi and BJP for what they are.
The Centre on Friday celebrated Sardar Patel's birth anniversary, which coincides with former Prime Minister Indira Gandhi's death anniversary , as National Unity Day with Modi flagging off the 'Run for Unity' campaign here this morning.
Modi skips event at Indira Gandhi's memorial
Unlike the previous Congress-led UPA Government which used to commemorate Gandhi's death anniversary with wide media publicity and events, the new government has instead chosen to celebrate Patel's birth anniversary.
Sharma said it was "ironical" that Modi was flagging off 'Run for Unity' and not even mentioning "the supreme sacrifice of one of the greatest leaders of our times".
Taking a jibe at BJP, he said Patel was a Congressman who as the then deputy prime minister and home minister had banned RSS, the ideological mentor of the ruling party.
Refuting the allegations of Congress leaders, Union Minister Venkaiah Naidu said there was no question of belittling the importance of any leader while stressing that Patel should be a role model for all.
"There is no question of belittling the importance of any leader...Every leader has their place in history. There is no question of denying that. But Sardar Patel is one of the top most leaders who was a freedom fighter, unifier of India...who should be role model for all," he said.
BJP spokesperson Nalin Kohli said Modi had remembered Gandhi and sent out a tweet about Gandhi's death anniversary and accused Congress of doing politics over the issue.
"Congress is trying consistently to politicise such issues and is in fact raising questions about itself. Are they against unity and they prefer to see everything in history through the perspective of Nehru-Gandhi family," he said.
Congress leader Manish Tewari said it was the responsibility of every government to honour Gandhi's sacrifice and if any dispensation did not do it, then it was detracting from its duty.

DeAngelo Hall tears Achilles tendon again  which could add six to nine months to recovery timeBy Mike Jones October 31 Follow @mikejoneswapo
Trainers tended to Washington Redskins cornerback DeAngelo Hall when he first injured his Achilles’ on Sept. 21 against the Eagles. (Michael Perez/Associated Press)
Redskins cornerback DeAngelo Hall tore his left Achilles’ tendon for the second time in five weeks, a person with knowledge of the situation confirmed. Hall had surgery to repair the tendon on Thursday.
Hall suffered the initial injury against the Philadelphia Eagles on Sept. 21, ending his 11th season in the NFL. He had surgery shortly after and had yet to begin rehab while still recovering.
Hall then re-injured himself at home.
The exact timeline for his recovery following the second surgery remains unclear. It is believed, however, that it could take another six to nine months for him to recover.
Hall, 30, had re-signed with Washington in the offseason, agreeing to a four-year, $17 million deal with $5.65 million guaranteed.
More from The Post:

Duleep Trophy final: On Day 3  Central Zone sneak their way backPrint
Fazal was looking to make amends for getting out on 49 in the first innings and he pulled anything short on offer. (Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
Written by Siddhartha Sharma | New Delhi | Posted: October 31, 2014 6:37 pm | Updated: October 31, 2014 10:26 pm
After having done all the hard work in the first two sessions on the third day of the Duleep Trophy final, irresponsible batting display in the final session left Central Zone staring at a possible defeat as they ended proceedings at 214/4. Central cruised past South Zone’s lead of 103 in the post lunch session, but three quick wickets in the evening have once again pushed them on the back foot. They still lead South Zone by 111 runs in the second innings but the picture looks grim for Central Zone as they will have to bat for at least the entire fourth day to be able to stretch the match to the final day.
After South Zone were bowled out for 379, Central Zone batters walked in with a different attitude. With the Kotla wicket showing signs of wear and tear, openers Faiz Fazal and Jalaj Saxena had no problems facing the South Zone pace battery.
Unlike in the first innings, where the pacers troubled Saxena throughout his 43-ball stay, the opener looked in a positive mood. He drove wholeheartedly through the off side and made sure no easy ball went to waste. Saxena, however, couldn’t transform his form from the Duleep semifinal (where he scored 116) in the first innings at Kotla, but in the second he looked poised to score another hundred.
Fazal, on the other end, looked unperturbed and showed a confident and stylish approach. Because he keeps playing with a straighter bat, his straight drives are a delight to watch. In his knock of 72, he displayed the shot twice while he also used the square cut to his advantage.
Little help for seamers
South Zone skipper Vinay Kumar tried to repeat the ploy he had used in the first innings by sticking to the off-stump corridor. But no swing and zero movement off the track made the pacers look innocuous. Instead, both Fazal and Saxena milked boundaries. After seven overs, the spinners were introduced but Fazal dominated them from the start and kept the scorecard ticking. Central were cruising at six runs an over by the end of 10 overs and it seemed they might make a match of it.
Central went past South’s 103-run lead in just 27 overs.
Having completed their individual fifties against spinners, both Fazal and Saxena knew they will have to put a premium on their wickets if Central have to post a big total.
But in the 38th over, when both looked set for three figure marks, Pragyan Ojha found his spot, trapping Saxena in front. Though the opener made the decision look doubtful, the fact was that at 128, Ojha had continued…

Fadnavis sworn in as Maharashtra CM; Modi  Uddhav attend ceremonyDevendra Fadnavis sworn in as Maharashtra chief minister, Shiv Sena joins bash
HT Correspondents , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, October 31, 2014
First Published: 15:06 IST(31/10/2014) | Last Updated: 08:16 IST(1/11/2014)
Comments
Devendra Fadnavis was sworn in as the BJP’s first chief minister in Maharashtra on Friday but had to share some of the limelight with another man — Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray, who attended the ceremony after a last-minute phone call from BJP chief Amit Shah.
 
Fadnavis — the state’s 27th CM and its youngest at 44 — took the oath of office with a team of nine ministers at Wankhede stadium in Mumbai. In attendance were Prime Minister Narendra Modi, LK Advani, Shah, the CMs of BJP-ruled and friendly states and a crowd of 40,000-50,000, according to BJP estimates.
 
A significant development on the sidelines was the apparent thaw between squabbling ex-allies BJP and Shiv Sena. Thackeray — firm till Thursday night on boycotting the swearing-in over the BJP’s “constant humiliation” of his party — met Shah immediately after the ceremony, setting off talk of a patch-up and post-poll alliance.
BJP National President Amit Shah with Maharashtra CM-designate Devendra Fadnavis during their meeting at his residence in New Delhi. ( Sonu Mehta/HT Photo)
Union minister Arun Jaitley and Fadnavis too had called up Thackeray earlier in the day to make him change his mind. The Sena chief came with wife Rashmi and party MP Vinayak Raut.
 
The Sena has 63 MLAs who can help the BJP — with 121 MLAs in the 288-strong assembly — prove majority without taking the support offered by other parties such as the Nationalist Congress Party.
 
The NCP showed Friday it was more than willing to help the BJP, with most of its senior leaders, barring boss Sharad Pawar, sharing the dais with their BJP counterparts.
 
The new chief minister swung into action almost immediately after assuming charge, saying his government would ensure transparency and bring in a law to ensure an effective service mechanism for the people. “People want their work done without any delay. We will bring in a law under which the government (officers and other staffers) would deliver service as quickly as possible,” Fadnavis said during his first media interaction after being sworn in as chief minister.  
The CM said he would also review decisions taken by the former government, as it involved expenditure of more than Rs. 52,000 crore. “If we were to execute these schemes, we will need to raise loans to finance them. We will examine how feasible these decisions are,” he said.
Fadnavis — a four-time MLA from Nagpur and a lawyer and business management expert by training — said portfolio allocations would be made on Saturday. The CM wants to keep home and finance with himself.  The assembly session is expected to be held between November 10 and 12 during which time the government will table the trust vote.
Council of ministers

Here it comes Still no freeze at major D.C. region weather stationsBy Ian Livingston October 31 Follow @islivingston
Frost in early November 2004. (Kevin Ambrose)
October is when the first freezes typically sweep from the northwest to the southeast across the local region. Downtown D.C. often holds out well into November.
2014 has had none of that just yet. Any local freezes have been spotty and have missed the major reporting locations across the D.C.-Baltimore area.
The month has run warm, ranging from about 1-3+ degrees above normal around the area. Low temperatures, in particular, haven’t been that low.
Setting the first-freeze stage
On average, Dulles, our best long-term indicator for the western suburbs, leads the big local airports in attaining its first freeze, which is around October 15. Baltimore is next up on October 29. D.C. is as warm as it comes in the region, with an average first freeze on November 18.
Numbers vary as detailed last year . Dulles is typically one of the earliest to freeze in the broader region, partly because it sits in a bowl that helps it cool on calm and clear nights.
162 locations were used to create this map which was subsequently further tweaked to try and present as accurate a picture as possible. We have smoothed out many of the isolated “dots” but have left some where there are multiple locations near one another which fit and as an indication that there is some variance in the shaded regions. While elevation is shown to some degree, it is likely we are missing some of that specificity in the interpolation. (Map by Katie Wheatley. Analysis by Ian Livingston, Justin Grieser and Katie Wheatley.)
For the rest of the area, the first freeze has often come and gone by the end of October but that mainly excludes parts of the I-95 urban corridor and locations near the warming influence of the Chesapeake Bay and Potomac,. The cities are usually the real holdouts often not dropping to freezing until after November 15.
To get this far into the fall without a freeze over much of the region, as in this year, becomes increasingly unusual as we get into November. In some spots, it could be characterized as well outside the norm.
Already extra late at Dulles
Dulles has already cracked into top territory for the latest first freeze on record. While its periods of observations – starting in 1963 — is much shorter than D.C. or Baltimore’s which date to the 1880s, it’s still an impressive feat.
A full 90 percent of all years at Dulles have seen a freeze by October 30 or earlier. Only a handful of years (2010, 2009, 2005, 1984, 1971) have seen freezes later than that. All occurred in November.
At this point we seem quite likely to not see a freeze at Dulles until November 3. If that’s the official date, it will tie for the third latest on record. Two times have seen the first freeze occur on the 4th of November, and once on the 11th of November (2005).
If you’re worried what a late freeze might mean for snow. I’d say not necessarily a lot. Note that the winter of 2009-10 didn’t see its first freeze at Dulles until November 4.
How it currently looks here and there
The Midwest Regional Climate Center has a fantastic product that looks at both freeze normals and current-year conditions. It’s experimental, and a bit broad brushed given the limited stations. It does still display a rather concise and clear picture.
Date of the first freeze through October 30. ( MRCC )
The above graphic is missing some of the spots that have touched freezing in the broader region (feel free to check in if you’re one of those spots!), but not too many really. In general, only high elevations have had a freeze thus far in the mid-Atlantic.
Zooming out, we see that a good chunk of the country was freeze-free through yesterday. This will begin to change tonight.
CONUS first freeze dates in 2014 as of October 30. ( MRCC )
So… who’s going to freeze soon around here?
There’s a good chance a large portion of the region will indeed see freezing temperatures with this next cold shot though – Sunday and/or Monday morning – though downtown may escape.
Sunday morning low temperatures forecast from GFS model
GFS forecast lows for Sunday morning – click to enlarge. (Weatherbell.com)
Monday morning forecast low temperatures from GFS model
GFS forecast lows for Monday morning. (Weatherbell.com)
Related: First freeze of fall in the Washington, D.C. area is typical by mid-October (2012)
As we can see above, Sunday and Monday mornings present opportunities for freezing temperatures over parts if not much of the region.
The GFS model forecast, shown here, is about on par with other modeling for those nights. Monday morning is likely to be the coldest. It’s easier and easier to attain freezing temperatures now compared to a few weeks ago. Having a huge chunk of the region escape freeze-free in the days ahead seems relatively unlikely.
Onward to winter we go…
Ian Livingston is a forecaster/photographer and information lead for the Capital Weather Gang. By day, Ian is a defense and national security researcher at a D.C. think tank.

Trotz: Scratched Fehr needs a little nudgeBy Alex Prewitt October 31 Follow @alex_prewitt
(Anne-Marie Sorvin/USA TODAY Sports)
Through nine games this regular season, his 10th in the NHL, Eric Fehr has gone from starting on the Washington Capitals’ top line with Alex Ovechkin and Nicklas Backstrom to rejoining his usual colleagues Joel Ward and Jason Chimera to, most recently, watching from the press box as a healthy scratch.
The most recent development came Wednesday night, when Tom Wilson made his season debut after summer ankle surgery, which bumped Fehr outside the lineup one game after he skated on Washington’s top line for the fifth time. Thursday, explaining his decision, Coach Barry Trotz minced no words.
“I want him to hunt pucks a little more,” Trotz said. “He doesn’t have the puck enough. He’s watching the game more than he needs to. He’s got great puck skills, he’s got good instincts. He’s been moved up on the Backstrom and Ovi’s lines a couple times, and really we haven’t gotten anything out of him in terms of production, but at the same time using him in different role. I know he’s a good player. I know he’s got good instincts and I know he’s going to produce. He’s just off a little bit. Sometimes he needs a little nudge.”
Whether helping the puck-dominant Ovechkin-Backstom pairing or anchoring the Ward-Chimera line, Fehr managed just two assists through eight games. However, his on-ice shot-differential at even strength, measured by the Corsi-for statistic, ranked third among Capitals forward at 56.7 percent , behind Ovechkin and Backstrom. Apart from Ovechkin and Backstrom, however, the 29-year-old’s Corsi-for dips roughly 10 percentage points .
Fehr returned to the lineup Thursday morning, sporting a green sweater and lining as a right winger with Chimera and Evgeny Kuznetsov. Later, Trotz summoned Ward’s recent play to explain why Fehr got scratched. Before the Capitals faced Calgary, Trotz demoted Ward to the fourth line, a response to his mistakes in Edmonton; Ward responded with two goals.
“Wardo was off, needed a nudge and he seems to be back again,” Trotz said. “I think Fehrsie just needs to know he’s got a higher level. I have higher expectations for a guy who’s been in the league five or six years as a good pro, than a guy who’s six or eight games into his NHL career. The expectations are different for everybody. Fehrsie’s a good player.”
Trotz also evoked Troy Brouwer, who ended a five-game goal-less drought Wednesday against Detroit.
“It’s no different; we needed more from Brouwer,” Trotz said. “He was able to score last night; he was more involved. It’s self-evaluation. You got to know when you’re on and when you’re not, and if you’re not, how to manage it.”
The difference, though, is neither Brouwer nor Ward got scratched, which meant they could atone for their mistakes during the next game. But after sitting out one, which no doubt conjured memories of nine straight scratches under Adam Oates last November, Fehr took it in stride.
“Don’t change anything,” he told reporters. “I’ve gotten this far with the play and I’m going to stick to it.
“Any line I play on, I want to try to make effective. It doesn’t matter if I’m on the first line or the fourth line. That’s what I’m going to try to do.”
Alex Prewitt covers the Washington Capitals. Follow him on Twitter @alex_prewitt or email him at alex.prewitt@washpost.com .

Anderson died unpunished: Bhopal tragedy sur...You are here: Home > Collections > Negligence
Former Union Carbide CEO Warren Anderson died unpunished, say survivors of Bhopal gas tragedy
PTI Oct 31, 2014, 08.31PM IST
Tags:
Bhopal gas tragedy
(The organisations held…)
BHOPAL: Organisations working for welfare of survivors of the 1984 Bhopal gas tragedy today alleged that former Union Carbide Chairman Warren Anderson died unpunished due to protection by the US government and deliberate negligence of Indian government in bringing him to justice.
The organisations held a meeting in front of the defunct factory of Union Carbide here after news of the death of Anderson spread.
"Due to the protection offered by the US government and deliberate negligence of Indian government in bringing Anderson to justice, the world's worst corporate criminal died unpunished," said a joint release issued by them today.
The former chief of Union Carbide Corporation, who was wanted in India for the tragedy which claimed more than 3,000 lives in one of the world's most lethal industrial accidents, died in the US state of Florida, aged 92.
Anderson, a Brooklyn carpenter's son who ascended to the top of the Union Carbide Corporation, died on September 29 at a nursing home in Vero Beach, Florida but his death was not announced by his family though it has been confirmed from public records, the New York Times reported.
"He faced grave criminal charges of homicide, grievous assault as well as killing and poisoning of animals. If convicted, he would have spent a lifetime in jail. Yet this man who killed more than 25,000 people and poisoned over half a million people, never spent a single day in jail because the US government protected him to his dying day," Bhopal Gas Peedit Mahila Stationery Karmchari Sangh President Rasheeda Bee said.
Balkrishna Namdeo of the Bhopal Gas Peedit Nirashrit Pensionbhogee Sangharsh Morcha blamed successive Indian governments at the centre for negligence in extradition Anderson from the USA.
FEATURED ARTICLES

A fungus is killing amphibians around the world -- and American pets could be nextBy Rachel Feltman October 31 Follow @rachelfeltman
A Fire salamander with B. salamandrivorans, already suffering from skin lesions. (Frank Pasmans)
Newt and salamander lovers, take note: A disease that's devastated amphibian populations in parts of Europe is almost certainly headed to the United States.
"It's a question of when, not if, this fungus reaches North America," University of Maryland researcher Carly Muletz, co-author of a recent study on the subject, said in a statement .
This parasitic fungus, which originated in Asia, made itself known in 2013 when it killed all but 10 of the remaining fire salamanders in the Netherlands. The fungus, Batrachochytrium salamandrivorans, is similar to one that plagues the tropics, driving hundreds of species of frogs toward extinction.
The Chinese fire-bellied newt, a popular pet, may be carrying the fungus into new countries. (Frank Pasmans)
This new fungus targets salamanders and newts exclusively. It can kill within a week, eating away at the animal's skin.
In a study published Thursday in Science , researchers screened over 5,000 amphibians of 35 different species, hailing from locations across four continents. They also looked at 2,000 skin samples taken from animals in museums and pet stores.
The researchers suspected that the Asian fungus had come to Europe by way of the international animal trade. Several Asian amphibians are popular pets across the world, and they could be carrying unusual fungi into their new homes.
That seems to be the case, with immune Asian amphibians -- who've probably been exposed to the fungus for millions of years -- bringing it to the pet shops of Europe.
While the fungus wasn't detected in any American samples, the researchers warn that it can't be far off. The United States receives a huge number of imported amphibians -- 2.3 million of the popular Chinese fire-bellied newt between 2001 and 2009, for example -- and these imports are rarely tested for disease.
Researchers are worried about wild populations of species, such as the Eastern red-spotted Newt, which has a 100 percent mortality rate and is often kept as a pet. (Nicholas Caruso)
The big concern here isn't that Americans will lose their precious pets to disease, but that the devastating infection could make it out into the wild.
The United States already monitors its imports for pathogens that might infect humans or livestock, and the researchers believe it's time to extend those precautions to include wildlife.
"We've got to work towards controlling pathogens in the wildlife pet trade," co-author Trent Garner of the Zoological Society of London told the BBC . "Moving animals around moves their pathogens with them. Quite often in new situations, these pathogens have the weapons to overwhelm local hosts that haven't been exposed."
If trade regulations aren't put in place, he and the other researchers claim, this fungus -- and other, unknown infections -- could claim entire species.
1 of 15

Burkina Faso president Compaor quitsTraoré assumes power in Burkina Faso
Javier Blas – Africa Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3906f112-60f3-11e4-894b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Burdwan blast: NIA announces cash rewards for arrest ofaccusedPrint
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 31, 2014 9:06 pm | Updated: November 1, 2014 1:15 am
The NIA Friday declared cash rewards ranging from Rs 3 lakh to Rs 10 lakh for information leading to the arrest of 12 absconding accused allegedly involved in the Burdwan blast case. The NIA has offered a reward of Rs 10 lakh for the alleged chief of the Burdwan module Sajid, and for Kauser and Nasirullah alias Nasrulla alias Suhail. All three are suspected to be Bangladeshi nationals. Information leading to the arrest of Talha Sheikh and Bakkar alias Mohammed Yusuf also carries a reward of Rs 10 lakh.
A reward of Rs 5 lakh has been declared for Amjad Ali Sheikh alias Kajal, Sahanur Alom alias doctor and Habibur Rehman Sheikh, while a reward of Rs 3 lakh has been announced for Abul Kalam alias Azad, Burhan Sheikh, Rejaul Karim and Jahirul Shaikh. Public can send emails on “assistance.nia@gov.in” and “info.kol.nia@gov.in” besides contacting the agency on the following phone numbers – 23438200, 8285100100 in Delhi  and 8336926666, 8336926633 in Kolkata.
(With PTI inputs)

BJP  VHP bandh disrupts life inAssamThe Ulubari flyover wears a deserted look during 12-hour Assam bandh called by the Bajrang Dal to protest against the All India United Democratic Front’s (AIUDF) alleged links with jihadi and terror outfits in Bangladesh, in Guwahati. (Source: PTI)
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: October 31, 2014 8:59 pm
A dawn-to-dusk bandh called by the Bajrang Dal and backed by the BJP, ABVP, VHP and Hindu Yuva-Chatra Parishad disrupted normal life in Assam, while the police arrested several hundred bandh supporters in different districts on Friday. The bandh was called demanding arrest of All India United Democratic Front (AIUDF) leader and Lok Sabha member Badruddin Ajmal over his alleged role in recruiting Muslim youths from Assam for jihadi training in Bangladesh.
Shops, establishments, educational institutions and banks remained shut, while public transport remained off the roads. Bandh supporters tried to disrupt railway movement too, but the police removed picketers to clear the tracks.
Attendance in government offices remained thin, with state home commissioner GD Tripathi saying disciplinary action would be initiated against those government employees who remained absent today. “There was no major untoward incident except stray cases of stone-pelting at vehicles in some districts,” he said.
Meanwhile, Ajmal, also president of Jamiat Ulema-e-Hind’s state unit, however has denied the charges and demanded a high-level inquiry into the allegations. Currently in New Delhi, Ajmal is likely to meet prime minister Narendra Modi and home minister Rajnath Singh today. He had already met Kiren Rijiju, MoS Home on Thursday.
The allegations against Ajmal, Lok Sabha member from Dhubri in western Assam, were first leveled by a New Delhi-based satellite TV news channel, but were soon picked up by the BJP and other sangh parivar organizations. Demonstrations against Ajmal and his party have rocked Assam for the past two days.
The Asom Gana Parishad (AGP) too has joined the campaign and organized a torch rally today evening demanding a thorough investigation into the allegations. The regional party has blamed both, the former Congress-led regime and the present BJP-led NDA for the rise of fundamental forces and spread of jihadi tentacles to the state in the recent years.

Sardar Patels school renovated into memorial  openstodayPrint
Written by Kumar Anand | Karamsad (anand) | Posted: October 31, 2014 8:55 pm | Updated: October 31, 2014 8:56 pm
After nearly 50 years, the primary school at Karamsad in Anand district where Sardar Patel studied from Class I to Class VI has been restored with parts of the building converted into anganwadi, skill development centre for women and a memorial showcasing rare photographs of Sardar Patel, several of which have been sourced from Sardar’s family. A good part of the  money for the renovation has come from the MPLAD fund of union minister for Human Resource Development Smriti Irani who is a Rajya Sabha MP from Anand.
The trust-run school had closed down in 1965 after a new primary school was constructed in the vicinity. The school since then lay neglected, and had turned into a dumpyard with overgrown weeds covering the building. The school was under the care of Sardar Patel Trust—managed by Patel’s family members—but the trust could not renovate the building for want of fund and had been approaching the state government for help.
The trust was given care of the school by the then Keshubhai Patel government in 1998, and was even granted some fund that apparently fell short of the required amount. Subsequent governments could turned down the demand for fund by the trust. It was only a year ago, after the then Gujarat CM Narendra Modi took forward his pet project, the Rs 2,600-crore Statue of Unity at Kevadia Colony in Narmada district, in earnest, that the school was again brought to the notice of the state government who asked the trust to hand it over to the Karamsad municipality for further development.
“Until a year ago, virtually nobody was interested in renovating the building which was in a very bad shape. There was shortage of fund for the project and the government was also not much interested. When the trust handed over the school to the municipality a year ago that we took up the matter on a priority basis, with the aim of reviving it by October 31, Patel’s birth anniversary,” said president of Karamsad nagarpalika, Nilesh Patel.
The renovation began around six months back and Rs 95 lakh was spent on it, with the state government offering Rs 25 lakh while a large chunk of Rs 40 lakh coming from the local area development (MPLAD) grant of HRD minister Smriti Irani. Remaining Rs 30 lakh was contributed by the industrial units situated at the nearby GIDC.
The new building with tiled roof replicates the design of the school that Patel attended between 1882 and 1888, its model based on an old photograph that the Karamsad nagarpalika sourced from Patel’s family. Apart from chambers converted into museum displaying around sixty photographs of Patel depicting him as a 17-year-old college going youth and a dapper young man pursuing law at a college in the UK, as well as his different moods during his involvements in India’s freedom struggle, the building also has a two rooms that have been earmarked for a library being developed for senior citizens.

Late-morning links: Much FBI mischiefComments
By Lucy Steigerwald October 31
Editor’s note: This is a guest post by Lucy Steigerwald. She is a contributing editor for AntiWar.com and a columnist for VICE and Rare.
After a tense and very expensive  seven-week manhunt, authorities in northeastern Pennsylvania, caught alleged cop killer and survivalist Eric Frein on Thursday night. (Meaning, among other things, that Halloween is back on for the kids of Barrett Township. And so is hunting season. And children can go back to school.)
The Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) is requesting greater scope in their power to hack computers outside of their jurisdiction, including ones where the physical location of it is unclear.The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) says the FBI is being awfully vague about why this is so essential.
Other FBI news: In July several agents cut the internet to several suites in a Vegas hotel, then disguised themselves as the men come to fix it, all in order to gather evidence of illegal, high-stakes sports betting. One of the men’s lawyer says that this tactic sets an alarming precedent for law enforcement, and the case should be tossed out.
Sen. Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) is mad  about all of this FBI stuff, and he is also not happy about the time the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) made a fake Facebook page under a very real woman’s name in order to snag drug suspects. Leahy says such things may “erode the public’s trust in the judgment and integrity of law enforcement officers.”
Virginia will consider a bill that would mandate a conviction before law enforcement can take your stuff through asset forfeiture. (Or, rather, a conviction will be necessary, otherwise police will have to give your stuff back.)
Police in Kissimmee, Florida raided the wrong apartment on Thursday afternoon, frightening the resident. They did, at least, reportedly tidy the place up afterwards.

In Thrown  the thrill of the fightBy Alyssa Rosenberg October 31 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
Kerry Howley’s “ Thrown ,” a semi-autobiographical book about Howley’s experience following two mixed martial artists, Sean Huffman and Erik Koch, has been hailed as “the only MMA book anyone ever needs to write.” It is absolutely true that Howley manages to conjure the moments that make fights so thrilling. And it is striking that she manages to do so in a book that is also a very funny satire of the ways in which elites — including, famously, Norman Mailer — often make a fetish of violence and the people who commit it.
(Sarabande Books)
Howley’s character, Kit, is enrolled in a philosophy graduate program when she wanders into a local-circuit fight and finds herself, at least temporarily, liberated from her brain. Justifying her new obsession on the grounds that mixed martial arts is a high expression of the pursuit of ecstasy, Howley attaches herself first to Huffman and then to Koch, following them through training and to matches. A scene in which Kit watches Erik stalk a Las Vegas buffet, planning how he will gorge himself once he no longer has to make weight for a fight, is as dark and funny as anything I have read this year.
Kit is an astute observer of fight mechanics, but she has directed all of her analytical capabilities outward with such determination that she has little capacity remaining to devote to self-analysis and self-awareness.
This marks Kit as different from the young women cranking out memoirs and personal essays, though no less prone to tip over into the ridiculous (which has a tendency to keep company with the sublime she is so ardently pursuing). And in a paradox that shadows “Thrown” but that Howley never confronts directly, Kit constantly uses jargon to distance herself from the purity she experienced at her first fight and uses her new obsession to set herself both above her colleagues in academia and the men she sets out to study.
Kit is a snob who discovers her vocation as a spacetaker when she wanders away from a conference that forces her to “explore Husserl with nonsmokers who did not understand him.” As she becomes more absorbed in mixed martial arts, Kit e-mails the director of her graduate program to explain that “I supposed my ongoing study of the phenomenological basis of ecstasy to be more important than taking a few survey courses at what was, after all, a midranked philosophy program.”
Like plenty of highly educated people before her, Kit comes to think of herself as superior to her peers and professors in academia because she believes her attraction to violence to be more honest than their squeamishness. She sees her first fight as “the honest kind of butchery in which the theory-mangling, logic-maiming academics I had just abandoned would never partake,” and indeed, “a portly, well-liked Floridian epistemologist” demands to know if Kit has become desensitized from her time observing the fighters in the octagon.
She rationalizes pulling away from her program as a sort of testament to the purity of her research methods: “I would not fraternize with the healthy-minded; better to leave them to their prenatal yoga, their gluten-free diets, their dull if long lives of quietest self-preserving conformism.”
There is an element of pure, contrarian rebellion in Kit’s attraction to fighting, though, beyond just her dissatisfaction with the requirements of her degree. Mixed martial arts “had been decreed illegal by some undereducated legislators in Des Moines. They replaced the glorious spontaneity of old with prefight paperwork: insurance, licenses, blood tests. Not that I’m complaining, because these paper-pushers only gave credence to my conviction that I’d found the true center of ecstatic activity. It would just take a little more work to get there.”
“ John McCain and his state-level cohorts” is as decent an answer as any to the question “What are you rebelling against?”  But you have to be awfully young to think that the pursuit of ecstasy ought to be paramount in public policy, or that whatever feels fresh and revelatory to you at the moment must necessarily be new and important to everyone else.
And of course, Kit is guilty of many of the same sins of obfuscation and condescension for which she judges her academic colleagues so harshly.
“I remember well that first real conversation with Sean, wherein we lunched on satisfactory dive-bar burgers and I told him I thought his performance an extraordinary physical analogue to phenomenological inquiry,” Kit recalls. “He cocked his head, arched an eyebrow, and said, in a way that seemed quietly pleased with my observation, ‘You’re insane.’ He stirred his soda with a straw. ‘I just like to feel things.’”
There’s a strain of reactionary and awfully prosaic thinking in Kit’s observation that some men “longed merely for this playful absorption, this reprieve from the healthy-minded world of annual reports and sexual harassment training.” And Kit becomes resentful of Alexis, an occasional girlfriend to her first fighter, Sean Huffman. Alexis has become pregnant, and Kit is concerned about the presence of another attachment that might prevent Sean from seeking out more opportunities to be pummeled for Kit’s study.
“I hated this story in a nonsensical way that somehow made me feel implicated, as if Alexis and I were on the same side, in league, both of us using Sean for what we wanted and then watching him crumble from the rearview mirror,” Kit grouses. “But of course my wishes were aligned with his interest in living a worthwhile existence, while Alexis merely sought to extract small amounts of cash.”
Kit may not be doing prenatal yoga or writing her moral judgement of fighting into state law. But finishing “Thrown,” I felt like Kit had succumbed to a ritual just as powerful as the transformation of the fighting octagon into a spiritual space. Rebellions can last only so long before they become sanctimony.
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

Chelsea Handler is topless again. This time  Putin is involved.By Emily Yahr October 31 Follow @emilyyahr
Chelsea Handler (Don Emmert/AFP/Getty Images)
Chelsea Handler has no problem with being naked for a punchline (see: the last episode of her talk show) — but Instagram has other ideas.
On Thursday night, the former E! comedian posted the famous “shirtless Vladimir Putin on a horse” photo — and next to it, added a picture of herself striking a similar post on a horse. Similarly shirtless. “Anything a man can do, a woman has the right to do better. #kremlin,” she wrote as the caption.
Obviously, it was taken down immediately by Instagram, saying it was violation of the site’s “community guidelines” about nude pictures. Handler wasn’t happy. “Taking this down is sexist. I have every right to show I have a better body than Putin,” she wrote, posting the photo again.
A photo posted by Chelsea Handler (@chelseahandler) on
Oct 10, 2014 at 6:54pm PDT
She gave up when the site deleted the picture for a third time, but not before she added some more of her thoughts: “If a man posts a photo of his nipples, it’s ok, but not a woman? Are we in 1825?” she said. “If instagram takes this down again, you’re saying Vladimir Putin Has more 1st amendment rights than me.”
Finally, she Instagrammed a photo of her dogs, writing: “You can now find my dogs and my breasts on Twitter only where my followers have the right to choose what they say. Bye bye instablock.” Indeed, the picture now lives on Twitter.
Handler is far from the first celebrity to have issues with Instagram’s “no topless women” policy (while, say, pictures of shirtless John Stamos live in all their glory.) The site also deleted photos of a risque Rihanna magazine cover and Kendall Jenner’s sheer top on the runway.
Bruce Willis and Demi Moore’s daughter, Scout Willis , started a #FreetheNipple campaign specifically to protest Instagram’s policies, and to show she really meant it, tweeted photos of herself walking topless around New York City. “Legal in NYC but not on @instagram ,” she tweeted.
“It’s so much bigger than @instagram now,” Willis wrote. “This is about helping women feel empowered to make personal choices about their bodies not dictated by what society says is decent.” (“Free the Nipple” really took off among the celebrity set, with supporters including Cara Delevigne and Michelle Rodriguez.)
However, it appears the site will allow some nudity if it doesn’t show anything Instagram deems too racy: Earlier this week, Lena Dunham posted a topless photo of herself as a way to support Planned Parenthood — strategically blurred, of course.
Emily Yahr covers pop culture and entertainment for the Post. Follow her on Twitter @EmilyYahr .

GMCAC takes operational control of Mactan Cebu International AirportGMCAC takes operational control of Mactan Cebu International Airport
GDP growth to be in 5.5-5.9% range: JaitleyComments
India would likely grow at 5.5% to 5.9% this year, finance minister Arun Jaitley said on Friday, rekindling hopes that Asia’s third-largest economy looks set to claw out of its quarter-century slump.
“The major priority of the government is to bring back growth momentum into country’s economy. The economy has potential for achieving and sustaining higher growth,”
Jaitley said while addressing the Consultative Committee meeting.
Jaitley outlined major priorities of the government as reviving and sustaining higher GDP growth, increasing savings, fiscal consolidation, keeping the current account deficit (difference between dollar inflows and outflows) at moderate level and reviving investment cycle, among others.
India’s wholesale inflation rate plunged to 2.38% in September, the lowest in five
years, while retail inflation has fallen to 6.46%, the lowest since 2012.
Falling crude oil prices and lower inflation will aid the recovery in the economy that grew at sub-5% in the last two years, the first since 1987.
Jaitley said the recent decline in international oil prices as also domestic food items point towards lower inflation. “The capital flows to finance CAD is adequate and further moderation can be expected in 2014-15 due to lower oil prices,” he said.
India’s fiscal deficit (the gap between government expenditure and revenue), however, has touched 83% of the full-year target in September-end. “Higher tax refunds are getting reflected in the fiscal deficit number. This year there were pending tax refunds estimated around Rs. 1.20 lakh crore,” he said.

Santelli Exchange: Central bank happinesssantelli exchange: central bank happiness
Burkina Faso s president quits  army chief takes power (Roundup)Burkina Faso s president quits  army chief takes power (Roundup)
General insurers mull hiking premia for natural disastersGeneral insurers mull hiking premia for natural disasters
Devendra Fadnavis takes over as Maharashtra CMDevendra Fadnavis takes over as Maharashtra CM
Our Bureau
Shiv Sena head Uddhav Thackeray greets Prime Minister Narendra Modi and BJP president Amit Shah at the swearing-in ceremony in Mumbai on Friday. PAUL NORONHA
Uddhav Thackeray attends swearing-in ceremony, after all
Mumbai, October 31:  
Amidst thunderous applause from thousands of supporters, Devendra Fadnavis was sworn in as the BJP’s first Maharashtra Chief Minister on Friday afternoon at Mumbai’s Wankhede Stadium. Seven other MLAs were also sworn in as Cabinet Ministers and two as Ministers of State.
The ceremony was attended by Prime Minister Narendra Modi along with a number of his Cabinet colleagues. Also present on the occasion was Shiv Sena President Uddhav Thackeray.
Thackeray’s presence assumes significance as it signals a thawing of the frosty relationship between the Shiv Sena and the BJP. It had worsened just before the Assembly elections, when they broke up a 25-year-old electoral alliance.
A BJP source said Thackeray attending the ceremony could pave the road for a stable government in the State. On Thursday, Shiv Sena MP Vinayak Raut had said his party leaders have been humiliated by BJP leaders’ behaviour, and would therefore not attend the swearing-in.
But today morning Fadnavis and BJP president Amit Shah reportedly called up Thackeray and ensured his attendance.
The new ministers sworn in today included Pankaja Munde, daughter of later Union Minister Gopinath Munde; technocrat Vinod Tawde; and senior northern Maharashtra leader Eknath Khadse.
Among the attendees were top industrialists including Anil Ambani, and Bollywood stars Shah Rukh Khan, Aamir Khan and Amitabh Bachchan.
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

Indiabulls Power renamed as RattanIndia PowerIndiabulls Power renamed as RattanIndia Power
Petrol  diesel prices slashedPetrol  diesel prices slashed
Welspun India consider interim dividendWelspun India consider interim dividend
Gold tanks to multimonth low on global crash silver sinksGold tanks to multimonth low on global crash silver sinks
Eihotel results are outCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Few months back  jkt was trading 3 to 4 multiples while its peers were...Platinum Member
662 Followers
Try to have list of the companies which went up in recent times and u will find many which went up even without any analyst recommending them or without mgmt coming on TV.
You will also find many which did not move much despite analyst and promoters presence in media.
No one cares of MFs exit or any past history. May be very few will think about them. As such Lloyd promoters did not commit any fraud. On other hand, we find many big funds and investors chasing DLF, FT, reliance groups. DLF was noted for its outright cheating of minority investors before its fpo as well as another partner who got relief recently. They are also fined for it anti consumer behavior. The amount that’s at stake was not big for them and could have avoided all the legal trouble. But for its political connections they behaved differently. Reliance promoters settled with sebi for market manipulations also Anil is noted for its rpower ipo. FT we all know its recent saga. Markets puts price for everything, be its scrap or silver, but differently at different times. Every investor tries to capture the best of good and bad times.
I am following Lloyd for around 6 yrs, but the current breakout is biggest for it. It went as low as 14 and and as high as 203. More than 10 times, not bad in a 6 yr period from its low in 2009, still lot to come. Only thing is, if we can think and sure we can capture better returns by investing in moving stocks, that’s different thing.

Eclerx results are outCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

I am actually waiting for mody`s narcs magic!!!Platinum Member
594 Followers
This also reminds me of an incident. When I was in Delhi in 2008, one sr.manager from an MNC asked for my advise on investment. The best option I advised him to buy a 10% of investible funds in TCS. I think TCS was going around 750 or so. He bought a 10% and waited. But the stock came down to 600 or so. He paused for my advise.
I asked him to do nothing as I was not happy TCS coming down to  that level. Very soon it came down to 500.....a 450. Then I asked him to grab the rest. I think he bought the rest of 90% at 430-440 range.
Then there was a bonus.........
Of course, it is a different matter that I did ask him to buy more at 550 Exbonus. I think he bought 50% of his holding only to double it to 750!!!!
He is still holding............
NOTE: This is one of 4 stocks I advised him. .........He must have made millions on this stock by now!!!
11.14 AM Nov 3rd

Crude oil extends losses as IMF cuts global growth forecastsCrude oil extends losses as IMF cuts global growth forecasts
PTI
Tweet
Singapore, Oct 8:  
Oil prices fell further in Asian trade today on demand concerns after the International Monetary Fund (IMF) cut its the global economic growth forecasts, analysts said.
US benchmark West Texas Intermediate for November delivery was down 35 cents at a 17-month low of USD 88.50 a barrel in late-morning trade and Brent crude eased 36 cents to USD 91.75 — lows not seen since mid-2012. Both contracts tumbled yesterday.
Singapore’s United Overseas Bank said in a note that prices were being “pressured by reduced economic and demand growth forecasts“.
The IMF yesterday said the global economy would grow 3.3 per cent this year, down 0.1 percentage point from July’s estimate and 0.4 points off its April forecast.
The Washington-based lender also trimmed its 2015 outlook to 3.8 per cent growth from July’s 4.0 per cent as it warned of stagnation in advanced economies.
“Growth this year has indeed disappointed, especially in the US, EU and Japan,” Singapore’s DBS Bank said.
In the US, the world’s biggest oil consuming nation, “nothing is falling off the cliff”, but while recovery continues “growth there is not accelerating like so many seem to believe“.
It said “Europe and Japan are in more trouble” and that in Europe “the trouble is no longer in the periphery, it’s in the core three countries of Germany, France and Italy“.
The IMF left its forecast for China’s growth this year unchanged at 7.4 per cent but warned that the world’s second-largest economy and top energy consumer faces a range of “near-term growth risks”, especially in real estate.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

Diesel deregulation credit positive: Moodysmarket research
International rating agency Moody’s Investors Service, which has a Baa3 stable rating on the country, on Tuesday said the diesel price deregulation announced over the past weekend is “credit positive”.
In a note issued from Singapore, its senior vice-president for sovereign risk group Atsi Sheth said, “The decision to fully deregulate diesel prices signals fiscal discipline on the part of the sovereign, which we view as credit positive.
“Diesel price deregulation will reduce the subsidy burden for the government, although fiscal savings are likely to be limited.”
Last Saturday, the government linked the retail price of diesel by slashing prices up to Rs 3.77 a litre. Diesel price was cut after a gap of over five years.
She said the government decision to fully liberalise diesel prices and ease controls over natural gas prices, allowing the latter to increase by about 33 per cent, are credit positive.
This is because they allow the market to adjust to global commodity price trends and reduce the exposure of government finances to those trends, she said.
“Our stable outlook on the sovereign is based on our expectation of incremental credit positive policy changes in multiple areas over the coming months, and our assumption that the fuel subsidy reforms, which were introduced some years ago, will continue,” Ms. Sheth said.
It can be noted that since September 2012, the government has implemented various reforms to the fuel subsidy programme, including allowing oil companies to increase diesel prices incrementally by 50 paise a month, withdrawing the subsidy on diesel sold in bulk, and limiting subsidised consumption of cooking gas.
Despite these steps, rising commodity prices actually led to a significant increase in the subsidy outlay, she said, adding in fact, the oil subsidy bill grew nearly six-fold over the past five years to Rs 85,500 crore in FY’14, from Rs 15,000 crore in FY’10. Total fuel subsidies accounted for less than 1 per cent of GDP and under 3 per cent of total government expenditures in FY’14.

AT&T Sued For Reducing Speed Of  Unlimited  Data Plansreddit
The Federal Trade Commission announced on Tuesday that it is suing AT&T for slowing down the data speeds for some customers who thought they were getting an “unlimited” data plan.
After some customers exceeded a certain amount of data during a billing cycle, AT&T slowed, or "throttled," the customers' Internet speed, the agency claims.
"The company has misled millions of its mobile customers, charging them for so-called unlimited data plans that were in reality not unlimited at all," Edith Ramirez, chairwoman of the FTC, said during a call with reporters Tuesday afternoon.
The FTC said AT&T did not "adequately" inform customers who had signed up for the company's unlimited data plan that their speeds would be slowed if they used a certain amount of data, which was sometimes as little as 2 gigabytes during a billing cycle. Streaming one hour of Netflix in HD can use as much as 3 gigabytes.
The agency alleged that in some cases, AT&T slowed the data speeds of some of these customers by more than 90 percent, preventing people from being able to stream movies, load websites or use the phone's GPS function. The FTC said 3.5 million customers have been throttled 25 million times.
In a statement, AT&T's general counsel, Wayne Watts, called the FTC's complaint "baseless" and said that the company has been "completely transparent with customers since the very beginning” that it would throttle people with unlimited plans. The company began the practice in 2011.
"We informed all unlimited data-plan customers via bill notices and a national press release that resulted in nearly 2,000 news stories, well before the program was implemented," Watts wrote in a statement to The Huffington Post.
From 2007 to 2011, AT&T was the only carrier in the U.S. to offer the iPhone. The company stopped offering "unlimited" plans in June 2010. Customers who had previously purchased unlimited plans were "grandfathered" in when they signed new contracts, though the FTC said they weren't informed that they may be throttled.
The FTC said that AT&T got thousands of complaints from customers who said their speeds were slowing down. Then, AT&T went after people who canceled their service, the agency said
"When customers canceled their contracts after being throttled, AT&T charged those customers early termination fees, which typically amount to hundreds of dollars," the FTC said in a statement.
As phones and apps have become more advanced and wireless networks have gotten faster, consumers have gobbled up increasing amounts of data. The average mobile customer in the U.S. used 1.4 gigabytes per month in 2013, according to Cisco , the networking equipment company. That figure is expected to increase to 9.1 gigabytes per month by 2018.
In response to increased data consumption, wireless companies have moved to tiered data plans, which offer a fixed amount of data each month. If a person goes over their plan, they have to pay a penalty.
AT&T said that throttling has to do with managing network congestion -- there is a finite amount of spectrum, and the more people use it, the slower it gets for everyone. But Ramirez told reporters that the throttling "had no particular relation to the network's congestion at the specific time."
"It looks like AT&T was trying to push people into more expensive plans," Delara Derakhshani, policy counsel for Consumers Union, an advocacy organization, said in a statement to HuffPost. “Consumers have been complaining about throttling for years. We’re glad the feds are going after companies that are ripping people off."
"We think that millions of customers have been affected and we hope to put money back in their pockets," Ramirez told reporters.
Disclosure: The author of this post has an unlimited plan with AT&T and may be affected by any settlement that is reached.
More:

What Is Wrong With President Obama Is This How He Leads His White HouseYesterday we learned that anonymous White House officials called Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu a coward and that he is chicken**** to a reporter from The Atlantic.
And today?  More anonymous White House officials and this time they insult Secretary of State John Kerry:
"...Mr. Kerry is vocal and forceful in internal debates, officials said, but he frequently gets out of sync with the White House in his public statements. White House officials joke that he is like the astronaut played by Sandra Bullock in the movie 'Gravity,' somersaulting through space, untethered to the White House..."  (CLICK HERE to read the rest of the New York Times article)
Besides the obvious -- that both Prime Minister Netanyahu and Secretary John Kerry happen to have more experience than President Obama -- these two incidents show President Obama is showing no leadership in the Oval Office. This is HIS staff. Has he no control of them? Or is this a message he covertly sends down from the top since we know he trashed PM Netanyahu on a hot mike in November 2011?
How can President Obama's staff possibly think it is okay to publicly and anonymously insult Prime Minister Netanyahu and Secretary Kerry without a 'nod and wink' that this is acceptable?  And if they are freelancing, are these White House officials THAT arrogant that they think they are so damn smart?  They sure are cowards -- they do drive-by ambushes of leaders anonymously.
And yes, of course President Obama can figure out who is doing this (assuming he is not part of this conspiracy to trash these two leaders).  He can then fire them.  Will he show leadership INSIDE the White House?

Short View: Fed caveatsFed caveats flag greater uncertainty
If investors simplify, data swings will have exaggerated effects on markets
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ee4076b6-6044-11e4-88d1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

QE and emerging marketsShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
EM prospects in a post-QE world
Oct 30, 2014 : Over the past six years, quantitative easing has led to liquidity flowing from developed to developing countries. Now the US Fed has wound down QE, what are the prospects for emerging markets? The FT's emerging markets editor James Kynge finds out.

Footballer gets seven-game ban for racist abuseCeltic winger Tonev banned for seven matches for racial abuse
Reuters –  Thu 30 Oct, 2014
Print
LONDON (Reuters) - Celtic's Bulgarian international winger Aleksandar Tonev was banned for seven matches by the Scottish FA on Thursday for racially abusing Aberdeen defender Shay Logan in a Premiership match in September.
There was no immediate reaction from Aberdeen, but a Celtic spokesperson was quoted on their website (www.celticfc.net) as saying Tonev would appeal the ban.
"Racism has no place in football and as a club for all people, Celtic absolutely abhors racism of any kind," it said in a statement.
"This was a very unfortunate case, but the club has accepted Aleksandar’s explanation that he did not say the words that were alleged to have been said and that he is not a racist.
"We are, therefore, very disappointed by the outcome today and can confirm that Aleksandar will be appealing this decision."
The SFA said on their website (www.scottish.fa.co.uk) that the punishment was imposed by their Disciplinary Tribunal which established that the complaint against Tonev on Sept.13 was proven.
It ruled that Tonev had broken Disciplinary Rule 202 and was guilty of "excessive misconduct by the use of offensive, insulting and abusive language of a racist nature."
Tonev, 24, who has played 16 times for his country, moved to Celtic on loan from Aston Villa in August and the has played eight times in all competitions for the Scottish champions.
Logan accused Tonev, who was making his debut, of racially abusing him when the teams met in a the game Celtic won 2-1 at Celtic Park.
(Reporting by Mike Collett, editing by Pritha Sarkar)
Recommend

Sena to boycott swearing-instate politics
Only BJP Ministers to be inducted; Sena had hoped for two Cabinet berths
The Shiv Sena has decided to boycott the swearing-in of the first Bharatiya Janata Party government of Maharashtra at the Wankhede Stadium on Friday.
Although 23 short of a majority, the BJP has kept its estranged ally on hold. The Sena was hoping to be included in the Ministry at the swearing-in with at least two Cabinet berths.
However, the BJP made it clear that only its Ministers would be sworn in on Friday. Party general secretary Rajiv Pratap Rudy tweeted, “It seems unlikely that the Shiv Sena will be part of the government as of now.”
“If we are not being treated with respect, why should we attend the oath-taking ceremony?” asked Shiv Sena MP Vinayak Raut on Thursday.
Chief Minister-designate Devendra Fadnavis had telephoned Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray to invite him for the ceremony, party sources said.
However, frustration within the Sena is building; a section of the party has demanded that they sit in the Opposition and vote against the trust vote on November 15. The party’s newspaper, Saamna, on Thursday questioned the legitimacy of a minority government.

Fiscal Deficit in H1 Nears 83% of Full-Year TargetIndia's Forex Reserves Up $1.432 Billion to $316.311 Billion
New Delhi:
India's fiscal deficit reached nearly 83 percent of its full-year target in the first half of the year, giving the government a tough job meeting its budget target even with help from a fall in global crude prices that will reduce the oil subsidy bill.
A 25 percent fall in oil prices since June has helped Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government contain oil and fertiliser subsidies, but revenue growth has been slow.
In his maiden budget, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had targeted a reduction in the fiscal deficit to 4.1 percent of the gross domestic product in the current fiscal year, down from 4.5 percent in the previous year.
On Thursday, Prime Minister Modi ordered bureaucrats to stop flying first class, as part of a austerity drive aimed at reducing discretionary spending by 10 percent in the fiscal year to March 2015.
India's fiscal deficit was Rs 4.39 lakh crore during April-September, or 82.6 percent of the full-year target, government data showed on Friday.
The deficit was 76 percent during the comparable period in the previous fiscal year.
Net tax receipts totalled Rs 3.23 lakh crore in six months of the fiscal year.
Officials are worried that slow growth in tax collections could force the government to cut capital spending as it has done in the past two years, in order to maintain its credit ratings.
The government aims to raise around Rs 60,000 crore from the sale of shares in state-run companies and minority stakes in private companies this fiscal year, but it has still to start the process.
"With tax revenue growth underperforming the budgeted target in H1 FY15, revenue buoyancy will crucially hinge upon the success of the telecom auction and disinvestment offerings in the remainder of this fiscal," said Aditi Nair, an economist at ICRA, the Indian arm of rating agency Moody's.
While welcoming the government's efforts to boost growth, Moody's said on Thursday it wanted to see more momentum in reforms for at least the next two years, in order to have a positive impact on India's credit rating.
Moody's rates India at "Baa3", or the lowest investment grade, with a "stable" outlook.
It was the only one among the three major global credit agencies not to downgrade India's outlook to "negative" over the past three years.
"Even though the fiscal deficit reached nearly 83 percent of the budgeted amount in H1 FY15, a sharp slippage relative to the target of 4.1 percent of GDP is unlikely in 2014-15," Ms Nair said.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

2G: Charges framed against A. Raja  Kanimozhi  Dayalujustice and rights
Besides the three, charges were also framed against Swan Telecom promoters Shahid Usman Balwa and Vinod Goenka in the case.
A special court on Friday framed charges against former Telecom Minister A. Raja, DMK Rajya Sabha member Kanimozhi and Dayalu Ammal, wife of party president M. Karunanidhi, for allegedly laundering money in the 2G scam.
Special Judge O.P. Saini fixed November 11 as the date for recording of prosecution evidence.
According to the complaint filed by the Enforcement Directorate, Kalaignar TV, in which Ms. Dayalu Ammal and Ms. Kanimozhi had stake, received Rs. 200 crore as illegal gratification from connected companies of Swan Telecom.
Swan Telecom was allotted Unified Access Services licences allegedly in an illegal manner in 13 service areas with the connivance of Mr. Raja and others.
The complaint said Kalaignar TV had received the alleged bribe on behalf of Mr. Raja. It had later returned the money through the same routes through which it had come with an interest amount of Rs. 31.36 crore to show that it was a genuine loan transaction, the complaint said. The Rs. 200-crore bribe had also been transferred to Kalaignar TV in the same manner after deducting interest amounts to show that it was loan transaction, the complaint added.
“The layering activities of moving varying amounts of funds through a chain of inter-connected companies or firms were nothing but projections made to disguise the proceeds of crime as refund of loan with interest,” Special Judge O.P. Saini said in his 223-page order.
Earlier, the court formally framed charges against all the 19 accused — 10 individuals and nine companies. Mr. Saini said, “All charges are prima facie made out against each accused for laundering of Rs. 200 crore from (the) D.B. Group company to Kalaignar TV.”

12 hideous ways to lose money in October12 hideous ways to lose money in October
By: Matt Krantz October 31, 2014 8:00 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
Getty
October has quite the dismal reputation with investors. Some even avoid the month like the plague. There are a dozen stocks that show why October is one of investors’ worst fears.
There are 12 stocks in the Standard & Poor’s 500, including energy firm Nabors (NBR) , cosmetics company and retailer Avon (AVP) and retailer Urban Outfitters (URBN) that fell 15% or more during the month of October, according to a USA TODAY review of data from S&P Capital IQ. The October losses were so great they pushed seven of these stocks into loss territory for the year or deeper into the red.
What’s funny is despite all the worry about the month of October — and despite the mid-month volatility — it turned out to be a decent period for stocks. The S&P 500 rose a respectable 1% during the month pushing the index up 7.8% for the year. Not great — but not the freak show some feared.
But that’s not the case for investors in the wrong stocks.
The worst stock of October is Nabors Industries, an oil-drilling company. Falling oil prices during the early fall have been a big problem for energy stocks, with the exploration companies like Nabors taking the worst of the hit. The stock lost 23% of its value in October alone, pushing its shares’ gain for the year down to 2.8%.
But it’s hard to find a more frightening stock than Avon Products. Not only is the stock down 21.9% in the month of October, but is off a crushing 42% this year. The stock is way down even though the company on Thursday reported an adjusted quarterly profit of 23 cents a share, topping expectations by 44%. The stock fell 9% to $9.97 on the news, though, since revenue at $2.1 billion missed expectations. Avon is also pressured by the fact revenue is expected to fall 1% next year.
A bright spot to all this horror? All but one of the worst stocks of October, First Solar, are rated “outperform” or “buy” by Wall Street analysts. But for now, investors can only reflect on the pain they’ve endured in during the month.
S&P 500 STOCKS DECLINED THE MOST IN OCTOBER
Company

Higher Tax Refunds Putting Pressure on Fiscal Deficit: Finance MinisterIndia's Forex Reserves Up $1.432 Billion to $316.311 Billion
New Delhi: Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Friday said increased tax refunds in the current financial year (2014-15) are leading to a higher fiscal deficit, which neared 83 per cent of full year target in the April-September 2014.
"Higher tax refunds are getting reflected in fiscal deficit number. This year there were pending tax refunds estimated around Rs 1.20 lakh crore," he told reporters here.
As per the official data, fiscal deficit has touched 82.6 per cent of Budget Estimates for 2014-15 to cross Rs 4.38 lakh crore at the end of September.
For the entire fiscal year 2014-15, fiscal deficit, which is the gap between government expenditure and revenue, has been pegged at Rs 5.31 lakh crore, or 4.1 per cent of GDP.
"It would be challenging to achieve indirect tax aim. Direct tax target would be achievable. We would strive to achieve fiscal deficit aim for this fiscal," Mr Jaitley said.
Net tax receipts in the first half of the fiscal year stood at Rs 3.23 lakh crore, or 33.1 per cent of Budget Estimates.
During April-October 20 period, the tax department has made refunds to the tune of Rs 80,850 crore.
The government aims to collect Rs 7.36 lakh crore from direct taxes in current fiscal year, up from over Rs 6.36 lakh crore collected last year.
As regards indirect tax, the target is to collect over Rs 6.24 lakh crore, up 20.28 per cent over the collection in 2013-14.
Story first published on: October 31, 2014 16:13 (IST)

UK to repay part of perpetual war loansUK to repay tranche of perpetual war loans
Elaine Moore
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/94653f60-60e8-11e4-894b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

IAG raises 2014 profit target© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c8465dfe-60da-11e4-b935-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Petrol price cut by Rs. 2.41 per litre  diesel cheaper by Rs. 2.25New Delhi, October 31, 2014
Updated: November 1, 2014 08:21 IST
Petrol, diesel prices slashed
The Hindu Petrol and diesel prices were cut on Friday on back of falling international oil rates.
TOPICS
petrol
The price revision will be effective Friday midnight.
Oil companies cut petrol price by Rs. 2.41 a litre on Friday, the sixth reduction since August, and diesel price by Rs. 2.25 a litre on the back of falling international oil rates.
“The reduction in rates of petrol and diesel will be effective from midnight,” Indian Oil Corp, the nation’s largest fuel retailer, said. Petrol will cost Rs. 64.25 a litre in Delhi as against Rs. 66.65 at present. In Mumbai, the rate will be cut by Rs. 2.55 a litre to Rs. 71.91. The revised price in Chennai is Rs. 67.01. Diesel will now cost Rs. 53.35 in Delhi, Rs. 57.95 in Kolkata, Rs. 61.04 in Mumbai and Rs. 56.84 in Chennai. Since August, the petrol price has been cumulatively cut by Rs. 9.36 a litre. Diesel rates have been cut for the second time this month. The government freed diesel prices from its control on October 18.
Revised petrol prices in four metros
(Rs. per litre)

This is why the economy has fallen and it cant get upSource: Vox EU
Remember 2007?
It was a simpler time when Beyoncé topped the charts, Hillary was going to be the next president, and Apple's new phone was the talk of the tech world. Okay, so not much has changed. Well, other than the fact that, since then, the economy has fallen and it can't get up.
You can see what this looks like in the chart above. It shows how much more pessimistic the Congressional Budget Office (CBO) has become about the economy, revising its estimate of potential economic activity down in each of the last seven years. The economy, in other words, has grown so little that the CBO doesn't think it can grow quite as much anymore. Although, of course, GDP has still fallen far short of even these diminished expectations.
This is scary stuff. Much more than a series of descending lines can really convey. If it's right, it means that the Great Recession has made us permanently poorer. That the economy will never get back to its pre-crisis trend. Instead, it will stay stuck in a "new normal" of slow growth that feels like a slump—forever.
But why hasn't this big crash been followed by a big comeback? Well, like everything else in economics, it comes down to two things: supply and demand.
Larry Summers , who put this chart together, points out that the economy has needed lower and lower interest rates just to get enough investment to create jobs for everyone who wants one—until now, when it can't push rates any lower. That means that, absent a bubble or stimulus, there might never be enough demand to keep us out of a quasi-recession, or worse.
Not only that, but this "secular stagnation" could turn deficient demand into deficient supply, too. It's what economists call hysteresis, and the idea is that a long slump can hurt the economy's productive capacity. That's because the long-term unemployed could become unemployable, and too little investment today could create bottlenecks that prevent the economy from growing as much tomorrow.
In other words, the economy can't recover on its own, and if it doesn't soon it might never be able to. We need more inflation, more infrastructure spending, and less tut-tutting about the deficit that, unlike our anemic recovery, isn't an urgent problem. We need to realize that just waiting for catchup growth is the new waiting for Godot—and we can't afford for it to not show up.
Otherwise, it might turn out things will never look as good as they did in 2007. Now that's really frightening.
Matt O'Brien is a reporter for Wonkblog covering economic affairs. He was previously a senior associate editor at The Atlantic.

Global shares rally  yen slumps as BOJ ramps up stimulus2
Traders shifted bets on the Federal Reserve's first round of interest-rate increases to July 2015 from September 2015 before the report.
The jobs report caused the yield on U.S. 2-year Treasuries  to rise to its highest since May 2011, according to Reuters data. The yield curve flattened, with the differential between the five-year note and the 30-year bond falling to its lowest level since January 2009.
The benchmark 10-year Treasury note  was off 14/32 and yielding 2.3047 percent.
The dollar rose against a basket of currencies <.DXY> to its highest level since March 2009. The dollar also hit multi-year peaks against the euro  and against the yen . The U.S. dollar index hit a peak of 89.467, up 0.86 percent on the day.
On Wall Street, the Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 58.69 points, or 0.33 percent, to 17,958.79, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 3.45 points, or 0.17 percent, to 2,075.37 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.32 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,780.76.
"Payrolls confirm the strength of the economy, but that strength is reflected in stock prices," said Ronald Sanchez, chief investment officer of Fiduciary Trust Company International in New York
Stock traders balanced the encouraging fundamental strength in the U.S. economy with the prospect of a rate rise.
Financial shares led gains. The S&P financial index <.SPSY> was up 1 percent, with higher interest rates expected to boost earnings in the sector. Utilities, a dividend play, lost ground as Treasuries yields rose. The S&P utility index <.SPLRCU> was down 0.8 percent.
MSCI's global share index <.MIWD00000PUS> was up 0.1 percent, while an index of European shares <.FTEU3> ended up 1.8 percent as a weaker euro boosted exporters.
Gold  dropped more than 1 percent, suffering from the dollar's strength, while Brent  and U.S. crude  continued their slide.
Spot gold  was down 1.2 percent at $1,190.90 an ounce. Brent crude fell 57 cents to settle at $69.07 a barrel, while U.S. crude oil futures dropped 97 cents to settle at $65.84.
(Additional reporting by Michael Connor, Ryan Vlastelica and Dan Bases in New York; Editing by Dan Grebler and Leslie Adler)

BJP  VHP bandh disrupts life in AssamThe Ulubari flyover wears a deserted look during 12-hour Assam bandh called by the Bajrang Dal to protest against the All India United Democratic Front’s (AIUDF) alleged links with jihadi and terror outfits in Bangladesh, in Guwahati. (Source: PTI)
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: October 31, 2014 8:59 pm
A dawn-to-dusk bandh called by the Bajrang Dal and backed by the BJP, ABVP, VHP and Hindu Yuva-Chatra Parishad disrupted normal life in Assam, while the police arrested several hundred bandh supporters in different districts on Friday. The bandh was called demanding arrest of All India United Democratic Front (AIUDF) leader and Lok Sabha member Badruddin Ajmal over his alleged role in recruiting Muslim youths from Assam for jihadi training in Bangladesh.
Shops, establishments, educational institutions and banks remained shut, while public transport remained off the roads. Bandh supporters tried to disrupt railway movement too, but the police removed picketers to clear the tracks.
Attendance in government offices remained thin, with state home commissioner GD Tripathi saying disciplinary action would be initiated against those government employees who remained absent today. “There was no major untoward incident except stray cases of stone-pelting at vehicles in some districts,” he said.
Meanwhile, Ajmal, also president of Jamiat Ulema-e-Hind’s state unit, however has denied the charges and demanded a high-level inquiry into the allegations. Currently in New Delhi, Ajmal is likely to meet prime minister Narendra Modi and home minister Rajnath Singh today. He had already met Kiren Rijiju, MoS Home on Thursday.
The allegations against Ajmal, Lok Sabha member from Dhubri in western Assam, were first leveled by a New Delhi-based satellite TV news channel, but were soon picked up by the BJP and other sangh parivar organizations. Demonstrations against Ajmal and his party have rocked Assam for the past two days.
The Asom Gana Parishad (AGP) too has joined the campaign and organized a torch rally today evening demanding a thorough investigation into the allegations. The regional party has blamed both, the former Congress-led regime and the present BJP-led NDA for the rise of fundamental forces and spread of jihadi tentacles to the state in the recent years.

Ready  Set  Shop for Holiday DealsReady, Set, Shop for Holiday Deals
 
Morning Money Memo:
Online retailers will prepare for the holiday season even earlier this year; Amazon will unveil many of its holiday deals beginning Saturday. Office Depot and Sears will also roll out “Black Friday”-like deals in the coming weeks. Walmart will also reportedly test a program to match prices offered by online retailers such as Amazon, according the Wall Street Journal. The move would keep Walmart competitive this holiday season, but could also affect its fourth-quarter earnings.
Markets were on the rise this morning, with strong results across Asia and Europe and positive sentiment in the United States. Japanese markets were up big, nearly 5 percent, following a controversial and unexpected announcement by the Bank of Japan to provide additional monetary stimulus to the country. Markets across Asia and Europe are awash in green arrows, with many seeing 1-2 percent gains for the day. The Dow was up over 130 point to a new intraday record this morning on the positive data, following a 221 point gain in the Dow Thursday and solid GDP data from the Commerce Department. Meanwhile, oil prices continue to slide, with West Texas crude hovering near $80 a barrel. Gold fell 2 percent to $1,173 per ounce.
This weekend’s box office will see weaker than usual results, with Halloween’s falling on a Friday expected to impact overall sales. Jake Gyllenhaal thriller “Nightcrawler” is expected to win the weekend over holdovers “Ouija”, “John Wick” and “Fury,” grossing upwards of $10 million.
If you want to get the most Halloween bang for your buck, wear a costume wherever you go! Multiple food outlets are offering Halloween-friendly perks to their customers who show up in their spookiest outfits today; including a free doughnut at Krispy Kreme, a $3 burrito (or “Boo-rito”) from Chipotle and free pancakes for kids at iHop (no costume necessary here). And want to maximize the ROI on your candy-seeking excursions? Download the Treat Map app from Nextdoor, which shows the most candy-friendly homes in multiple major metropolitan areas.

C-SPAN professes bewilderment over spat with White HouseC-SPAN spokesman Howard Mortman tells the Erik Wemple Blog that the public affairs network has received scant-to-no cooperation from the White House over the four years since it engaged in a spat with key presidential aides over video footage . “We’ve always been bewildered by this incident,” Mortman said yesterday afternoon.
As reported in Sharyl Attkisson’s new book, “ Stonewalled, ” C-SPAN’s Brian Lamb interviewed President Obama in the Oval Office on Aug. 12, 2010. In that session, Lamb asked Obama what he’d changed in the Oval Office. The president responded, in part: “We have not yet redecorated this room . . . Given that we are in the midst of some very difficult economic times, we decided to hold off last year in terms of making some changes.” Lamb’s session with the president was part of a documentary on the White House that C-SPAN was planning for a later date.
Notwithstanding the decision to “hold off last year,” the Oval Office got a new look just days after the president’s Aug. 12 chat with Lamb. On Aug. 31, The Post published a story on the makeover. Concerned that C-SPAN would publish the interview with Obama in the wake of the news in The Post, White House officials contacted C-SPAN to “make sure” that the network didn’t release the Obama remarks until weeks later, when the full documentary was ready, Attkisson writes.
C-SPAN defines its mission as a “public service, ” a calling at odds with taking orders from the White House. It dropped its Obama-Oval Office footage on Aug. 31. According to Attkisson’s book, Josh Earnest, then deputy press secretary, threatened to “withhold future access” from C-SPAN.
That was four years ago. What has happened since then? “I will say that we’ve not been able to get interviews with the president, vice president or the first lady as well,” says Mortman. And what about lesser-ranking White House officials? “No results at the lower levels,” says Mortman, noting that the White House generally cites scheduling issues in rejecting interview requests. Several C-SPAN programs feature interviews — “Washington Journal,” “Newsmakers,” “Communicators,” “In Depth” and “Q&A” — though the network would commonly invite White House officials for “stand-alone” sessions, according to Mortman.
Does all this mean that the White House has followed through on the pledge to withhold access? Mortman wouldn’t bite on that one, repeating his line about how the network’s interview requests haven’t resulted in interviews. It also bears noting that Obama has gone years without granting interviews to key media outlets , including The Washington Post and the New York Times.
C-SPAN has been doing its thing since 1979. When asked whether it has seen such a prolonged access drought before, Mortman answered, “No.”
Erik Wemple writes the Erik Wemple blog, where he reports and opines on media organizations of all sorts.

Growth to be in 5.5-5.9% Range: JaitleyIndia's Forex Reserves Up $1.432 Billion to $316.311 Billion
New Delhi: Declining prices of crude oil and food will help lower inflation, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said on Friday, expressing confidence that economic growth in the current fiscal year will be in the range of 5.5-5.9 per cent.
"The major priority of the government is to bring back growth momentum into country's economy. The Indian economy has potential for achieving and sustaining higher growth," Mr Jaitley said while addressing the Consultative Committee meeting here.
For 2014-15, he expects that the growth could be in 5.5-5.9 per cent range, said a Finance Ministry statement after the meeting.
Mr Jaitley outlined major priorities of the government as reviving and sustaining higher GDP growth, increasing savings, fiscal consolidation, keeping the current account deficit at moderate level and reviving investment cycle, among others.
Decline in investments and the manufacturing sector output pulled down the economic growth in last two fiscal years to below 5 per cent. Economy grew at 4.7 per cent in 2013-14.
Mr Jaitley said the recent decline in international oil prices as also domestic food items point towards lower inflation in the coming months.
Wholesale price index-based inflation moderated to a five-year low of 2.38 per cent mainly on account of decline in food prices.
"The capital flows to finance Current Account Deficit is adequate and further moderation in CAD can be expected in 2014-15 due to lower oil prices," Mr Jaitley said.
Current account deficit, which is the difference between inflow and outflow of foreign currency, touched a record high of 4.7 per cent in fiscal year 2012-13. It came down to 1.7 per cent in 2013-14.
Meanwhile, Brent crude futures fell below $86 per barrel. The oil benchmark has fallen more than 9 per cent so far in October.
Mr Jaitley also outlined boosting manufacturing sector growth, infrastructure sector and exports, tackling food inflation, rationalising subsidies and reforms in direct and indirect taxes as his priority areas.
"Higher growth leads to more revenue collections, better employment opportunities and increase in Government's capacity to finance social sector programmes," he said.
The meeting was attended by Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha MPs, besides five secretaries in the Finance Ministry.
Story first published on: October 31, 2014 20:44 (IST)

Theres officially a presidential debate on the books. But will the RNC sanction itBy Sean Sullivan October 31 Follow @WaPoSean
Mark your calendars: There's already a presidential debate on the books. It will be held Sept. 16, 2015.
The Ronald Reagan Presidential Foundation announced Thursday that it would host the televised debate for Republican candidates. "While the candidates are still considering whether or not they will seek America's highest office, we are less than a year away from presidential debates that will start the national conversation on important issues," former first lady Nancy Reagan said in a statement.
The obvious unknown is who will be participating, since no major candidates have announced yet. The less obvious variable is whether the Republican National Committee will sanction the debate.
"Our current focus is on taking back the Senate and growing the party this coming Tuesday," RNC spokesman Sean Spicer told the Associated Press when asked about the debate. "By the end of the year the RNC will release a list of sanctioned debates and we look forward to working with networks, venues and groups that have an interest in hosting a debate."
The RNC is moving to limit the number of primary season debates this time around. Why? Because last time, the number of debates exploded, with each one offering underdogs a chance to take some bruising swings at the frontrunners before a national TV audience.
Eventual nominee Mitt Romney was wounded by the debates heading into the general election -- both because of the attacks he faced and the conservative rhetoric he was forced to adopt on key issues like immigration.
The many debates also made it easier for long-shot candidates like Herman Cain to rise in the polls, making the primary process longer and more expensive for the eventual nominee.
Sean Sullivan has covered national politics for The Washington Post since 2012.

Here are the top 4 Google searches for a bunch of candidates -- and what they tell usWhile the below summarizes Google searches over the past 30 days, this chart looks  at just a 14-day period.
You can learn a lot about the state of American politics by looking at what people Google.
And in case you had any questions about why political campaigns spend so much time tearing down their opponents, I bring to you: The top four Google searches for candidates in eight major Senate races (over the past 30 days).
I have bolded the searches that are based on opposition-research hits and/or negative ads run against that candidate (this is admittedly a somewhat subjective exercise). I have also added detail where it's not immediately clear what that Google search is all about.
Before we get to the data, though, a few observations, beyond the negative-ad thing:
1) Most of the searches are basic, looking at a candidate's "bio," his or her "voting record," age, "family" or even spouse. These are usually altogether neutral information-seeking searches.
2) There are very few searches for clearly positive information — with Rep. Tom Cotton's (R-Ark.) "bronze star" search being the notable exception. People don't seem to care as much about how much money Sen. Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.), for instance, has brought back to Kentucky or about Sen. Mary Landrieu's (D-La.) chairmanship of the Senate Energy Committee.
3) Lots of people are interested in the net worths of these candidates.
And now, without further ado ...
Alaska
anchorage mayor dan sullivan (This is actually a different Dan Sullivan .)
dan sullivan politician education
dan sullivan for senate newspaper ads
mark begich dan sullivan attorney general violence (Sullivan was accused of being soft on domestic violence during his time as state attorney general.)
Sen. Mark Begich (D)
Affordable Care Act begich quotes 2009
obama begich

Heat executive rebuts Steve Buckhantzs claim that Miami uses fake crowd noiseBy Scott Allen October 31 Follow @ScottSAllen
(Mike Ehrmann/Getty Images)
During Wednesday’s season-opening loss at Miami, Wizards play-by-play man Steve Buckhantz accused the Heat of using artificial crowd noise in American Airlines Arena.
“They’ve gone to the canned crowd noise here in Miami, which is, I guess, something you have to do when LeBron James leaves,” Buckhantz said.
Heat Executive Vice President Michael McCullough got wind of Buckhantz’s comment and was not amused. McCullough rebutted Buckhantz’s claim to the Sun-Sentinel’s Ira Winderman: 
“I don’t know who Steve Buckhantz is,” McCullough said. “I don’t give a crap who Steve Buckhantz is. I am happy to have him sit in our sound booth and see we don’t pump in extra crowd noise. We don’t have to. We never have, never will, and don’t need to pump in crowd noise. We don’t do that here.”
Dang, Mike. The Wizards return to Miami on Dec. 19, and I really hope Buck takes McCullough up on his offer to visit the Heat’s sound booth. And then I hope he comments on the Heat’s use of canned crowd noise again.
NBA teams don’t take too kindly to artificial noise allegations. Last year, Marv Albert angered the Celtics  by likening the apparent fake crowd noise at TD Garden to a laugh track during a TNT broadcast.
Regarding comments on tonight’s @NBAonTNT broadcast, the @Celtics have never used artificial crowd noise. #iamaceltic #CelticsTalk
— Boston Celtics (@celtics) January 25, 2013
The Celtics also issued a statement denying the claim: “Marv Albert’s comments relating to artificial crowd noise during the TNT Thursday night broadcast of the Knicks vs. Celtics game were completely erroneous. The Celtics absolutely do not utilize artificial crowd noise during our games.”
Thanks to @BulletsForever .
Scott Allen writes about all things D.C. sports. Follow him on Twitter @ScottSAllen or e-mail him if you’ve got a tip to share.

Burdwan blast: NIA announces cash rewards for arrest of accusedPrint
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 31, 2014 9:06 pm | Updated: November 1, 2014 1:15 am
The NIA Friday declared cash rewards ranging from Rs 3 lakh to Rs 10 lakh for information leading to the arrest of 12 absconding accused allegedly involved in the Burdwan blast case. The NIA has offered a reward of Rs 10 lakh for the alleged chief of the Burdwan module Sajid, and for Kauser and Nasirullah alias Nasrulla alias Suhail. All three are suspected to be Bangladeshi nationals. Information leading to the arrest of Talha Sheikh and Bakkar alias Mohammed Yusuf also carries a reward of Rs 10 lakh.
A reward of Rs 5 lakh has been declared for Amjad Ali Sheikh alias Kajal, Sahanur Alom alias doctor and Habibur Rehman Sheikh, while a reward of Rs 3 lakh has been announced for Abul Kalam alias Azad, Burhan Sheikh, Rejaul Karim and Jahirul Shaikh. Public can send emails on “assistance.nia@gov.in” and “info.kol.nia@gov.in” besides contacting the agency on the following phone numbers – 23438200, 8285100100 in Delhi  and 8336926666, 8336926633 in Kolkata.
(With PTI inputs)

Sardar Patels school renovated into memorial  opens todayPrint
Written by Kumar Anand | Karamsad (anand) | Posted: October 31, 2014 8:55 pm | Updated: October 31, 2014 8:56 pm
After nearly 50 years, the primary school at Karamsad in Anand district where Sardar Patel studied from Class I to Class VI has been restored with parts of the building converted into anganwadi, skill development centre for women and a memorial showcasing rare photographs of Sardar Patel, several of which have been sourced from Sardar’s family. A good part of the  money for the renovation has come from the MPLAD fund of union minister for Human Resource Development Smriti Irani who is a Rajya Sabha MP from Anand.
The trust-run school had closed down in 1965 after a new primary school was constructed in the vicinity. The school since then lay neglected, and had turned into a dumpyard with overgrown weeds covering the building. The school was under the care of Sardar Patel Trust—managed by Patel’s family members—but the trust could not renovate the building for want of fund and had been approaching the state government for help.
The trust was given care of the school by the then Keshubhai Patel government in 1998, and was even granted some fund that apparently fell short of the required amount. Subsequent governments could turned down the demand for fund by the trust. It was only a year ago, after the then Gujarat CM Narendra Modi took forward his pet project, the Rs 2,600-crore Statue of Unity at Kevadia Colony in Narmada district, in earnest, that the school was again brought to the notice of the state government who asked the trust to hand it over to the Karamsad municipality for further development.
“Until a year ago, virtually nobody was interested in renovating the building which was in a very bad shape. There was shortage of fund for the project and the government was also not much interested. When the trust handed over the school to the municipality a year ago that we took up the matter on a priority basis, with the aim of reviving it by October 31, Patel’s birth anniversary,” said president of Karamsad nagarpalika, Nilesh Patel.
The renovation began around six months back and Rs 95 lakh was spent on it, with the state government offering Rs 25 lakh while a large chunk of Rs 40 lakh coming from the local area development (MPLAD) grant of HRD minister Smriti Irani. Remaining Rs 30 lakh was contributed by the industrial units situated at the nearby GIDC.
The new building with tiled roof replicates the design of the school that Patel attended between 1882 and 1888, its model based on an old photograph that the Karamsad nagarpalika sourced from Patel’s family. Apart from chambers converted into museum displaying around sixty photographs of Patel depicting him as a 17-year-old college going youth and a dapper young man pursuing law at a college in the UK, as well as his different moods during his involvements in India’s freedom struggle, the building also has a two rooms that have been earmarked for a library being developed for senior citizens.

Maha new CM Fadnavis promises transparent govt | To seek trust vote on Nov 11You are here: Home > Collections > Maharashtra
Devendra Fadnavis promises transparent government in Maharashtra
PTI Oct 31, 2014, 10.46PM IST
Tags:
BJP
(Promising a transparent…)
MUMBAI: Promising a transparent administration, Maharashtra's new Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis today said his government will bring in a legislation for better delivery of services to the people.
44-year-old Fadnavis, who was sworn in as Chief Minister of the first BJP government in the state, got down to work immediately and has instructed Chief Secretary Swadheen Kshatriya to have a draft of the Right to Service Bill ready within a month.
"I have directed the Chief Secretary to prepare a draft of the legislation, a form of citizen's charter, to provide better services to the people who can take legal recourse if they don't get them," he told reporters at a meet the press programme shortly after taking oath.
He said the decision was taken at the first meeting of the Council of Ministers. Portfolios will be allocated to the seven Cabinet and two Ministers of State tomorrow.
"People of Maharshtra have high expectations from us and it is a big responsibility. We will provide an efficient and transparent administration with focus on development," he said.
"The state government's financial condition is not that good. If all the assurances given by the erstwhile (Congress-NCP) government are to be implemented, the government would have to spend Rs 52,000 crore," Fadnavis said.
The Chief Minister said the decisions taken by the previous Congress-NCP government just before the model code of conduct for election kicked in will be reviewed.
"It will take time to bring the administration back on the track but we will do it. We will bring Maharashtra to the number one position," he said.
Asked about the possibility of Shiv Sena joining the new government, Fadnavis said," There was a positive talk between Amit Shah and Uddhav Thckeray today."
On the presence of godmen at the swearing-in ceremony, Fadnavis said, "They belonged to all religions. There is a thin line between belief and superstition. We are against superstition."
He also assured to look into the grievances of the media, particularly incidents of attack on journalists, and said there will be a regular media briefing after state cabinet meetings, a practice discontinued during the tenure of Vilasrao Deshmukh as Chief Minister.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Halftime Report highlightshalftime report highlights
Somali pirates release seven Indian sailorsSomali pirates release seven Indian sailors
Shelters fill up after deadly Sri Lanka mudslideShelters fill up after deadly Sri Lanka mudslide
We will like take Shiv Sena along: BJP leaderWe will like take Shiv Sena along: BJP leader
Ashram Online.Com: Outcome of board meetingAshram Online.Com: Outcome of board meeting
Buy ifb for long term tgt 580 640 720 880..Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Infy should reach 4022 @ any cost.. big punters will not allow it to f...251 Followers
dear pitquote,
I`m very well aware what`s a bonus issue!! There is no meaning in calling it bonus if price halves before it gets credited into your demat.. Yes i agree there could be some dip.. but it will not be 50% from cmp..
For eg:
If u have bought 100 shares of infy @ 3700.. and after bonus it becomes 200 shares.. if ex-bonus date is 31st october.. then u r eligible to get 100 bonus shares by that date.. and you can sell it anytime u want after 31st oct.. Say, price falls 10% by 30th oct from 4000.. your holding shares become 3600.. if u sell, u are in loss of rs.10000.. if u hold, u get 100 shares extra.. means 360000 profit.. and even if u sell next day for a market price of 3000.. its 300000 - 70000 = 230000 profit only!! That`s huge money !!
You try to learn before u comment, when u point finger on someone, 3 fingers point you..
*SDB 1984*

At the same time due to huge debt from indian individuals & corporates...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Sanju bhai parnaammmmCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

