Now  Fare War on Global RoutesYou are here: Home Corporates
Now, Fare War on Global Routes
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 16, 2014 17:21 (IST)
SpiceJet Mum on Sell-Out, Says Exploring All Options for Funds
New Delhi: Qatar Airways and Singaporean budget carrier Tigerair today announced massive limited-period discounts hoping to corner a chunk of the Indian travel market share.
While Tigerair announced a special one-way base fare of Rs 10 only to Singapore for Indian passengers to commemorate completion of decade-long operations, Qatar Airways launched a global promotional offer of up to 25 per cent savings on its tickets to over 140 destinations across the world.
Tigerair's Rs 10 one-way fare offer to Singapore would be applicable only on round trip tickets from India, under which the fare could be as low as Rs 7,499 including taxes, the airline said in a statement here.
The Qatar Airways' promotional fare tickets under its three-day 'The World is Yours' global sale would have to be bought between today and Wednesday for travel from September 25 till June 15 next year, the airline said in a statement.
The discount of up to 25 per cent is being offered for return travel in all classes for travel from India via its Doha hub, a Qatar Airways statement said, adding that there were limited seats on offer subject to availability.
The airline connects 12 cities in India via Doha to an array of destinations like Barcelona, Dallas, London, Miami, New York, Paris, Rome and several others.
In the statement, its chief executive Akbar Al Baker said, "Qatar Airways' global sale is eagerly awaited by our passengers and with up to 25 per cent discount on return fares, there will never be a better time for our customers to plan leisure or business trips."
Tigerair's tickets which can be booked till September 21 would be valid for travel commencing January 12 to March 31, 2015, and July 21 to September 22, it said.
The airline was also offering special all-in return fares starting Rs 11,999 to destinations like, Bali, Jakarta, Perth, Manila, Hong Kong, Sydney, Gold coast via Singapore. Flights to Sydney and Gold Coast would be operated in collaboration with Scoot, another Singapore-based low-cost long-haul airline, the statement said.
The offers can be availed of on Tigerair's official website from any of the five cities of Bangalore, Chennai, Hyderabad, Kochi and Tiruchirappalli. Tigerair operates total 37 weekly flights to Singapore from six Indian destinations.
Indian carrier Jet Airways also joined the fare war announcing a three-day special fare offer for all its guests "to enjoy the airlines globally renowned business class product at attractive unbeatable fares".
In a statement, a Jet spokesperson said 'The Great Premiere Experience' would be valid for travel on direct flights on the airline's domestic and international network.
The offer will be available for worldwide sale from tomorrow for travel between October 16 and July 31 next year.
It would be available across Jet Airways' domestic destinations as also on several international destinations including Singapore, London, Toronto, Bangkok, Dubai, Hong Kong and Dammam.
Jet's senior vice president (commercial) Gaurang Shetty said "This Great Premiere Experience is an excellent opportunity for all our guests to experience our business product, which is rated amongst the very best in the world, at very attractive fares."
Some illustrative international all-inclusive one way fares from Delhi and Mumbai would be Rs 18,672 for Delhi- Singapore, Rs 28,382 Delhi-London, Rs 44,688 Delhi-Toronto, Rs 27,727 Mumbai-Brussels and Rs 18, 282 for Mumbai-Hong Kong.
Cheap business class travel was also on offer for several domestic sectors.
Story first published on: September 16, 2014 11:21 (IST)

NASA plans private space shuttle dealBoeing, Space X land NASA contracts
By Ben Rooney   @ben_rooney September 16, 2014: 6:24 PM ET
 
Boeing, SpaceX win private space race
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Boeing and SpaceX have been awarded contracts to become NASA's space taxis, shuttling astronauts to and from the International Space Station, the agency announced Tuesday.
NASA ended its Space Shuttle program in 2011 after a review and amid a shift in priorities to exploring deep space, including sending humans to Mars.
Since the shuttle program was retired, NASA crewmembers have been hitching rides on Russian Soyuz spacecraft, at a cost of $70 million per seat, according to a NASA spokeswoman. The agency typically purchases six seats per year.
The contracts are worth a total of $6.8 billion. Boeing's share is $4.2 billion and SpaceX will receive $2.6 billion.
Both companies' crafts must undergo safety testing before manned flights take place. Once certified for flight, each company will launch between two and six missions, NASA said.
 
Elon Musk courts politicians with SpaceX
Boeing ( BA ) said the contract means it will build three of its CST-100 crafts at its Kennedy Space Center facility in Florida. Each craft can carry up to seven passengers.
SpaceX CEO Elon Musk said in a statement he is "deeply honored" his company was chosen. Musk also runs electric car company Tesla ( TSLA ).
NASA's partnership with the companies is part of the Commercial Crew Program. The program is intended to help private companies develop spacecraft to carry astronauts into low Earth orbit by 2017. The agency has invested more than $1.4 billion in contracts and special agreements with private companies for the two phase program.
The goal, according to NASA's website, is "to establish safe, reliable and cost-effective access to space." Once the new transportation system is up and running, NASA says it will use private spacecraft to "meet its space station crew rotation and emergency return obligations."
Boeing has already received more than $100 million in NASA funding.
Related: Elon Musk's SpaceX will sue U.S. over rocket contract
Meanwhile, the SpaceX Dragon became the first commercial spacecraft to deliver cargo to the space station in 2012. The Dragon currently only carries cargo, but SpaceX says it will be able to transport humans as well.
Sierra Nevada Corp., an aerospace company based in Nevada that was also competing for the NASA contract and which has benefitted from Commercial Crew Program money, is working on the Dream Chaser, a winged spacecraft designed to fly into orbit.
--CNN's Rachel Crane contributed to this story.
First Published: September 16, 2014: 5:40 PM ET
Most Popular

As Mining Curbs Bite  India Offers Market to Glut-hit Iron OreRBI Reduces Repatriation Time of Export Proceeds
Singapore:
An oversupplied global iron ore market may find some relief from an unlikely source as former No.3 exporter India turns into a big importer due to a cutback in domestic production.
The country may ship in up to 45 million tonnes over the next three years as home-grown iron ore output falls short of domestic steel production needs, an executive at an influential industry group said.
India imported just 0.37 million tonnes of the steelmaking raw material in 2013/14, government data showed. But already JSW Steel, India's third-largest maker of the alloy, has said it will import 6 million tonnes of iron ore in 2014/15 against zero a year earlier.
"There's no option but to import to meet the shortfall. We're looking at between 10 and 15 million tonnes every fiscal year over the next three years," Basant Poddar, vice president of the Federation of Indian Mineral Industries, the only industry group for mining firms in the country, told Reuters by phone.
"The mine closures all over India, starting from Karnataka, Goa, Odisha and Jharkhand, have created a massive disruption to supply," Mr Poddar said.
Mining in the key iron ore states of Karnataka and Goa was banned in 2011 and 2012, respectively, following a crackdown on illegal mining by the Supreme Court and the government. Several mines in top producing Odisha state and in Jharkhand too were closed this year following government-imposed restrictions on the renewal of mining licenses.
While the bans have since been lifted, delays in restarting mining operations in Goa and Karnataka and the latest mine closures in the other states have limited local iron ore supply.
The disruptions have cut India's iron ore production to 152 million tonnes in the year ended March 31, from about 218 million in 2009/10, according to the Indian Bureau of Mines.
The prospect of higher demand from India comes at an opportune time for global iron ore miners, whose margins have been shrunk by a 40 per cent slump in iron ore prices this year.
Iron ore fell to $81.90 a tonne last week, its lowest since September 2009.
The bulk of India's imports may come from Australia and South Africa, said Mr Poddar, and unlikely from Brazil where shipments are usually made in big vessels. "Indian ports are not geared to handle large vessels," he said.
But the potential import volume won't be enough to absorb the total projected global surfeit. Morgan Stanley, which sees a global surplus of 79 million tonnes this year doubling to 158 million tonnes in 2015, expects the price to drop to $70.
In addition, any relief from Indian demand may be temporary, as the domestic shortage is due to government policy measures that could eventually be reversed.
Bureaucratic Route
For the present, resuming operations has been slow due to the long bureaucratic route to renew mining leases, said Mr Poddar.
Only 22 mines out of 122 that are eligible to restart in Karnataka have resumed operations, said Mr Poddar who owns Mineral Enterprises Ltd which has five mines in the state that have a combined capacity of 1.2 million tonnes but have remained shut. Mines in Goa have not reopened.
In Odisha, around a third of 56 iron ore mines are still closed and in Jharkhand, the third biggest producer in the past fiscal year, 12 out of 17 mines are shut.
India used to be the world's No.3 iron ore exporter until higher costs along with the mining bans slashed shipments by 85 per cent, or 100 million tonnes, over the past two years.
Amid the shortage in local supply, iron ore prices in India are defying the global weakness.
In Odisha, 63 per cent grade iron ore would cost about $105 a tonne, including taxes and the royalty, to export, way above the current global market price of $67-$68, said Dhruv Goel, managing partner at industry consultancy SteelMint.
But miners make a profit of $15-$20 a tonne selling the same grade to local steelmakers, said Mr Goel.
"It is certainly profitable to sell in the domestic market."
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

KKR to Lend $175 Million to GMR Infrastructure: ReportSpiceJet Mum on Sell-Out, Says Exploring All Options for Funds
Mumbai/Hong Kong: US private equity firm KKR & Co LP has agreed to provide about $175 million in financing to GMR Infrastructure Ltd in a debt and equity deal, a source with direct knowledge of the matter told Reuters.
GMR will announce the transaction as early as Tuesday, said the source, who declined to be identified as the information was not yet public.
Both GMR Infrastructure and KKR declined to comment.
Global private equity funds have been increasingly focused on lending, with at least $6.6 billion being raised by 12 funds for investment in Asia, according to Private Equity International and Thomson Reuters data.
KKR has provided over $1.75 billion in loans to companies in India, including Apollo Hospitals Enterprise Ltd, Avantha Group, the holding company of Crompton and Greaves , and Max India.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

India s Infrastructure Market to Reach $6.6 Trillion by 2025: ReportRBI Reduces Repatriation Time of Export Proceeds
Mumbai: India's infrastructure market is expected to touch $6.6 trillion by 2025, which will be nearly 12.5 per cent of the Asia-Pacific, says a report.
According to consultancy firm PwC, the Asia Pacific infrastructure market is expected to grow by 7-8 per cent a year over the next decade to over $53.6 trillion by 2025 and representing nearly 60 per cent of the world total.
The increase in infrastructure spends in the country is likely to be driven by sectors like housing, telecom, healthcare, education, transportation, among others, it said.
"Overall, India's share of the Asia-Pacific infrastructure market is expected to continue to grow, reaching around 12.5 per cent or $6.6 trillion by 2025," PwC said in its report.
According to the report, transportation and utilities investments are expected to triple over the coming decade as income and travel demand will rise and the country's population will increasingly congregate in urban centres.
"The ongoing development of technology services sector, as well as demand from households, is likely to drive investment in telecommunications infrastructure. The population is expected to grow much faster than other countries in the region, which will further boost demand for infrastructure sectors serving households," the report said.
While annual healthcare investment is forecast to grow around $37 billion by 2025, education infrastructure spending will likely to reach $18.9 billion.
"The huge growth in infrastructure spending will be driven by key factors such as Asia's economic growing prominence, trade competitiveness, and the current widely recognised infrastructure deficit across the emerging markets of this region.
"Asia is now the world's primary growth engine, with China, India and Southeast Asia offering a very large consumer base and low-cost workforce, with high levels of natural resources," PwC India Leader Capital Projects and Infrastructure Manish Agarwal said
Story first published on: September 16, 2014 12:18 (IST)

Merck KGaA Agrees to Market Lupin Drugs in Emerging CountriesYou are here: Home Corporates
Merck KGaA Agrees to Market Lupin Drugs in Emerging Countries
Reuters | Updated On: September 16, 2014 16:18 (IST)
SpiceJet Mum on Sell-Out, Says Exploring All Options for Funds
Frankfurt: German drugmaker Merck KGaA said it struck a deal with Lupin Limited to market some of the Indian drugmaker's cardiovascular and diabetes treatments in emerging markets.
The partnership covers Brazil, Mexico, Indonesia, Philippines as well as several countries in Africa and eastern Europe, among others, Merck said in a statement on Tuesday.
The deal could add up to 20 new drugs to Merck's current portfolio and first product launches are expected in 2016, it added.
Last year, emerging markets accounted for close to 1.8 billion euros ($2.3 billion) of total sales of 6 billion euros at Merck's prescription drugs unit Merck Serono.
Lupin and Merck agreed not to disclose financial terms.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Icra Pegs Tyre Industry to Grow at 8% in FY15You are here: Home Industries
Icra Pegs Tyre Industry to Grow at 8 Per Cent in FY15
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 16, 2014 21:15 (IST)
RBI Reduces Repatriation Time of Export Proceeds
Chennai: Rating agency Icra has pegged the domestic tyre industry to grow 8 per cent to Rs 49,300 crore during the ongoing financial year (2014-15).
"For 2014-15, ICRA expects the domestic tyre industry to grow by eight per cent to Rs 493 billion, supported by six per cent domestic volume growth, even as falling raw material prices would pressure tyre companies to pass these benefits in replacement market," the rating agency said in a statement.
The decline in natural rubber and crude oil prices would provide the requisite headroom for passing on some benefits to the consumers, it said.
Despite the pressure on realisations, for 2014-15, Icra expects "significantly" softer natural rubber prices to trickle down into margins, leading to stable and high operating margins, it said.
Tyre demand in 2013-14 estimated to have grown by a muted 1 per cent supported by two wheeler and tractor segments, even as demand from light commercial vehicle and passenger vehicle segments "faltered".
Icra expects demand for tyres to grow by 6 to eight per cent during 2014-15, contributed by truck and bus, passenger vehicle and scooter segments.
The replacement market is also expected to see demand for trucks and bus as the economic activity revives, it said.
On exports, the agency said in 2013-14 it grew by 7.5 per cent largely due to weak rupee and weaker offtake from importers like Brazil, the UAE and Philippines.
In the first quarter of this fiscal year, Icra said tyre exports in value terms was expected to remain flat due to persisting weak demand and stable currency movements.
"As demand catches up over the next 18-24 months, input costs are expected to go up, globally", it said.
Story first published on: September 16, 2014 19:35 (IST)

Beer giants brewing up a dealBeer giants brewing up a deal
By Aaron Smith   @AaronSmithCNN September 16, 2014: 11:41 AM ET
If Anheuser-Busch InBev NV and SABMiller combine, it would create a massive beer conglomerate featuring some of the most recognizable brands in the world, including Budweiser and Miller.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
One of the largest brewers in the world Anheuser-Busch InBev NV is preparing a bid to buy its rival SABMiller, according to news reports.
If true, the union would create a massive beer conglomerate featuring some of the most recognizable brands in the world, including Budweiser, Coors Light, Corona and Miller.
AB InBev ( AHBIF ) is talking to banks about financing a $122 billion bid for its rival SABMiller ( SBMRF ), according to the Wall Street Journal and other news reports.
The companies would not verify these reports for CNNMoney.
SABMiller spokesman Richard Farnsworth and AB InBev spokeswoman Karen Couck said separately that they do not comment on market speculation and rumor.
The merger reports come just days after SABMiller tried to buy Heineken ( HEINY ), but it was rebuffed by the Dutch brewer.
Related: The most popular beer in the world is ...
AB InBev's brands include Budweiser, Stella Artois, Beck's and Corona, while SABMiller's coffer has Coors Light, Miller High Life, Miller Genuine Draft, Foster's, Milwaukee's Best, among others.
While all these brands can be found in stores all across America and other parts of the world, the world's most popular brand is unknown to most Americans. Snow, the world's leading beer brand , can only be found in China.
First Published: September 16, 2014: 11:23 AM ET
Most Popular

Au revoir and thank you to Mr Van RompuyFollow @ftworldnews
Gideon became chief foreign affairs columnist for the Financial Times in July 2006. He joined the FT after a 15-year career at The Economist, which included spells as a foreign correspondent in Brussels, Washington and Bangkok. He also edited The Economist’s business and Asia sections.
His particular interests include American foreign policy, the European Union and globalisation
To comment, please register for free with FT.com and read our policy on submitting comments .  Contact gideon.rachman@ft.com about The World blog.
See the full list of FT blogs .

Lionel Barber on Scotlands referendumShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Lionel Barber on Scotland referendum
Sep 15, 2014 : As Scotland’s independence vote nears, FT editor Lionel Barber, economics editor Chris Giles and UK news editor Michael Stott discuss the impact of a Yes win on the economy, currency and financial services, and assess business fears and the No campaign.

1 in 9 goes hungry worldwide1 in 9 goes hungry worldwide
By Ben Rooney   @ben_rooney September 16, 2014: 7:30 AM ET
A malnourished girl in a hospital in Mogadishu, Somalia, rests in her mother's arms. The UN estimates that 805 million people suffer from "chronic undernourishment."
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
One out of every nine people in the world does not have enough food to eat.
An annual report from the United Nations released Tuesday estimates that 805 million people suffer from "chronic undernourishment."
The UN's Food and Agriculture Organization warned that "food-insecurity" remains "unacceptably high" in certain developing economies.
For example, more than one in four people in Sub-Saharan Africa do not have enough to eat. In Malawi, half of all children under five years of age are significantly underweight.
The situation is particularly acute in Yemen, where political and economic instability, as well as violent conflict, have made the Arab nation one of the most food insecure countries in the world.
The report says 526 million people in Asia, the world's most populous region, don't have enough to eat.
Related: Where the middle class is most unequal
Still overall, there has been improvement from last year, when the report showed that about 842 million people went hungry. Since 1990, the number of undernourished people in the world has decreased by more than 200 million.
Access to food has improved in certain parts of East Asia and South Asia, as well as Latin America and the Caribbean.
Indonesia has reduced the share of its population living in hunger by more than half since 1990, the report states. The report singles out Brazil, Bolivia and Haiti as "case studies" for improving food security.
Developing nations are close to achieving their goal of halving the number of hungry people by 2015, the report suggests, but only if world leaders stick to their commitments.
"This is proof that we can win the war against hunger and should inspire countries to move forward, with the assistance of the international community as needed," the report states.
The report comes ahead of a key summit on food security next month in Rome.
First Published: September 15, 2014: 4:22 PM ET
Most Popular

Middle-Class Incomes: Still Dead in the WaterU.S. Census Bureau
One day, there will probably be some news about middle-class incomes worth celebrating.
Today is not that day. In its big income and poverty report, the Census Bureau reported that the median household income was $51,939 in 2013, statistically unchanged from a year before. I'm thinking of a word. It begins with "stag" and ends with "nation."
Jordan Weissmann is Slate's senior business and economics correspondent.

Alibaba is not the Amazon of ChinaAlibaba is not the Amazon of China
By Charles Riley   @CRrileyCNN September 16, 2014: 10:45 AM ET
 
Alibaba jumpstarts small fashion brand
HONG KONG (CNNMoney)
Forget what you've read, Alibaba is NOT "the Amazon of China."
The analogy has been used widely as Alibaba prepares for its IPO. But it is only partially accurate, and masks big differences in business models.
Sure, Alibaba ( BABA ) and Amazon both do business on the Internet. They both enable consumers to buy huge volumes of goods without stepping foot in a store. And both have a stranglehold on their home markets.
But that's pretty much where the similarities end. Unlike Amazon ( AMZN , Tech30 ), Alibaba does not own most of the items sold on its platforms, it does not maintain massive distribution centers, and it has only a fraction of the 132,000 employees on Amazon's books.
"Amazon and eBay are e-commerce companies, and Alibaba is not an e-commerce company," Alibaba co-founder Jack Ma said last year. "Alibaba helps others to do e-commerce. We do not sell things."
The point Ma was trying to drive home is that Alibaba excels at connecting buyers and sellers. Alibaba is not the seller.
Related: Meet four kings of Alibaba's online retail empire
The company's largest digital marketplace -- Taobao -- allows consumers to buy goods directly from small businesses. Tmall, Alibaba's other major shopping marketplace, connects larger brand retailers to consumers.
Alibaba makes money on Taobao by selling advertisements and search placement to retailers (kinda like Google ( GOOG )). The company takes a commission from the larger retailers that operate on Tmall (think eBay ( EBAY , Tech30 )).
The model means that Ma doesn't have to obsess over keeping prices low the way Amazon founder Jeff Bezos does.
The structure also makes Alibaba more of a pure Internet play, a trend reflected in the company's bottom line. Compared to Amazon, Alibaba's revenue is small (but growing faster). And investors are salivating over the company's much higher profit margins.
Investors have also been enticed by Alibaba's success at building what Ma calls an Internet "ecosystem."
The network of services allows consumers to move seamlessly between the company's online retail marketplaces and mobile apps used to process payments, buy movie tickets, call a taxi or invest in a money market fund . Alibaba even has a corporate cousin in the logistics business that handles most of the shipments generated on Tmall and Taobao.
Related: 7 things Alibaba users can do
In the end, Alibaba's biggest strengths may stem from overcoming broader problems in China's retail sector.
Ma has said that e-commerce in the U.S. is about transferring an existing business onto the Internet (think Amazon and books).
"E-commerce in the U.S. is like a dessert. It's just supplementary to your main business," Ma said. "In China, because the infrastructure of commerce is [so] bad, e-commerce becomes the main course."
What will happen when Alibaba and Amazon find themselves fighting for the same consumers? Here they are similar: expect both founders to come out swinging.
"Lying behind the massive allure of the capital market, there is unparalleled ruthlessness and pressure," Ma wrote in a letter to employees earlier this year. "In this market, only a small number of outstanding enterprises can maintain a gallop."
First Published: September 15, 2014: 9:32 PM ET
Most Popular

FBI launches a face recognition systemFBI launches a face recognition system
By Jose Pagliery   @Jose_Pagliery September 16, 2014: 4:48 PM ET
The FBI's new facial recognition system lets local police easily identify you. It will one day spot you from your iris, voice and the way you walk.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
The FBI can now quickly identify people just by looking at their faces. Coming soon: eyes, voice, palm print and walking stride.
It's called the FBI's Next Generation Identification system, and the agency said it became fully operational Monday. The government expects the system's database to house 51 million photographs by next year -- and keep growing.
But it's not just for the FBI. Police everywhere will be able to tap into the system. They'll quickly ID fingerprints during a routine traffic stop -- or look up a face while investigating a crime.
Hawaii, Maryland and Michigan took part in the NGI system's pilot program, documents show. A dozen others including California, Florida and New York have discussed participation in the program as well, according to the Electronic Frontier Foundation .
By 2015, the system is expected to produce results on more than 55,000 photo searches every day. Facial recognition is only expected to be used in just a small portion of those searches. Police nationwide are expected to use it 196 times a day, government documents show .
There are several ways your photo could end up in this massive, one-of-a-kind human tracker. Police agencies can submit your post-arrest mug shot, video feed from a security camera, or photos from your family and friends.
But the FBI database will also keep photos that it receives when conducting background checks, which it does for lots of private sector and government job candidates.
Related story: How the NSA can 'turn on' your cell phone remotely
Surprised the FBI didn't have this before? It actually had a limited, low-tech version that only stored fingerprints. But that old system was slow to respond. Police who took fingerprints from people they arrested would wait two hours for a response from the FBI's database. The new wait time? 10 minutes. And the 24-hour wait for employers performing background checks is now down to 15 minutes.
The NGI system, which started as a pilot program in 2009, was designed by defense contractor Lockheed Martin ( LMT ) in a deal worth up to $1 billion. The facial recognition software was built by MorphoTrust , a Billerica, Massachusetts-based company that already does the biometric scans at 450 U.S. airports and DMVs in 42 states.
The fingerprint features of the system are meant to help police officers identify suspects in real time. Facial recognition is meant to help detectives identify suspects using clues at crime scenes.
 
See how FBI made global hacker bust
But it's already a major privacy concern, because of its potential to relentlessly track innocent people. The Electronic Frontier Foundation has sued the Justice Department to get details on the program, but questions remain.
For example, the FBI said it will gather data from security cameras at a crime scene. But does that include the estimated 30 million surveillance cameras installed at street corners and parks?
If the FBI information slide below is any indication, the FBI is interested in using NGI system to identify a random person in a crowd -- and track them as they move, said EFF attorney Jennifer Lynch. That's why the Electronic Privacy Information Center worries the NGI system will get integrated with CCTV cameras everywhere -- including at private businesses -- and let the government track folks without justification.
FBI slide from a presentation about its new program's facial recognition capabilities.
To that point, the FBI has already mentioned it will store all photos -- even those with faces it can't immediately pinpoint -- for later identification.
However, there are a few ground rules cited in FBI documents:
This tool doesn't let the government start collecting your fingerprint and body data if it couldn't before.
Police aren't supposed to rely solely on the facial recognition software to arrest anyone.
Photos on people's social media accounts (Facebook, Instagram, etc.) cannot be submitted into the NGI database (at least during the pilot phase).
NGI isn't just about cameras, though. The system is also designed to alert police if someone "holding positions of trust," such as a school teacher, has run-ins with the law.
And the identification system isn't limited to your face. The system is able to spot and search for scars, tattoos, birth marks. FBI documents show the agency built the system to accommodate for future collection of biometric data.
If and when our eyeballs, voices and walking style are recorded and categorized, the system will be able to uniquely identify a person that way too.
First Published: September 16, 2014: 4:20 PM ET
Most Popular

Cmo puedo pedir una cerveza en griego (INFOGRAFA)Aprende a pedir cerveza en 26 idiomas diferentes (INFOGRAFÍA)
EL HUFFINGTON POST
Email
Comentarios
¿Te gusta la cerveza y la tienes que pedirla allá donde vas? Esto te va a interesar. En la agencia de viajes Hostelworld han preparado una chuleta para que aprendas a pedir una birra en 26 idiomas distintos. No habrá país que se te resista, ni siquiera China.
(Sigue leyendo después de la infografía...)
Y para que puedas hacer amigos en cualquier parte del mundo, aquí tienes cómo decir "¡Salud!" en 32 idiomas.
TAMBIÉN TE PUEDE INTERESAR

El PP de Masnou pide perdn tras tuitear esto sobre Artur MasPrevious Story
Next Story
El PP de Masnou pide perdón tras alentar en Twitter a la violencia contra Artur Mas
EL HUFFINGTON POST
Email
Comentarios
La culpa fue de la informática. El PP del municipio barcelonés de Masnou tuiteó este sábado una imagen en la que se podía ver al presidente de la Generalitat de Cataluña, Artur Mas, rodeado de armas. En el mensaje se leía: "Si Arturo Mas saca las urnas el 9-N, ¿qué método te parece más efectivo para que entre en razón?"
Ese mismo mensaje se publicó también en la cuenta de las Nuevas Generaciones del mismo municipio.
Tras la polémica, el PP de Masnou ha pedido perdón y ha asegurado este domingo que esos tuits se deben a un error. "Pedimos disculpas públicamente. Gestionamos nuestros tweets desde Hootsuite y no vimos el contenido de la fotografía. Muy desafortunado".
Hootsuite es una aplicación que sirve para gestionar redes sociales. El mismo mensaje se ha emitido también desde la cuenta de Nuevas Generaciones de la localidad. Fuentes del PP nacional consultadas por El Huffington Post aseguran desconocer el caso y subrayan que ya se han pedido disculpas.
Pedimos Disculpas Públicamente,gestionamos este tweet desde Hootsuite y no vimos el contenido de la fotografía.El origen no es nuestro
— PPC MASNOU (@PPCMasnou) septiembre 14, 2014
Pedimos Disculpas Públicamente,gestionamos nuestros tweets desde Hootsuite y no vimos el contenido de la fotografía.Muy desafortunado!!!
— NNGG_MASNOU (@NNGG_MASNOU) septiembre 14, 2014
Después, la cuenta de Twitter de Hootsuite ha precisado que la aplicación "no crea ni envía contenido automático, y tiene sistemas para evitar el envío accidental".
@egel71 Hootsuite no crea ni envía contenido automático, y tiene sistemas para evitar el envío accidental. http://t.co/uJ2D8LgZXz ^IR
— Hootsuite España (@HootsuiteES) septiembre 14, 2014
Ante eso, el PP de Masnou ha aclarado que "no es un error de Hootsuite".
Reiteramos nuestras Disculpas!! en cuanto a Hootsuite solo hemos comentado que editamos sin ver la foto.No es un error de @hootsuite
— PPC MASNOU (@PPCMasnou) septiembre 14, 2014
Close

Esta es una de las bromas ms pesadas y crueles que has visto (VDEO)Esta es una de las bromas más pesadas y crueles que has visto (VÍDEO)
EL HUFFINGTON POST
Email
Comentarios
Es, seguramente, una de las bromas más pesadas y crueles que se pueden ver. Imagina que, de pronto, te despiertas en una bañera y que a tu lado, encima del retrete, está colocado uno de tu riñones, que te acaban de extirpar. Cuando intentas comprobar qué es lo que pasa, aparece un médico dispuesto a ponerte una inyección.
Todo eso lo que le hicieron creer al joven del vídeo. Un amigo le gasta una broma como venganza a una anterior en la que le hicieron creer que su novia se había suicidado tirándose por la ventana. Para que las cosas no se quedaran así, puso unas pastillas en la bebida de su amigo, que se quedó dormido.
Cuando despertó y se vio en esa tesitura, el pánico se apoderó de él porque, además, el día anterior había visto unas falsas noticias en las que alertaban de que estaban proliferando este tipo de situaciones.
La broma está siendo un éxito en Internet y lleva cerca de seis millones de reproducciones en cuatro días. Los autores del vídeo son los checos Viral Brothers, que ya se han hecho famosos por sus horribles bromas.
Close
Las bromas de viral brothers
de

This is BABA. Whens the crashPart of the This is nuts. When's the crash? series
An occasional highlighting of abnormal market behaviour - behaviour that is becoming frighteningly common.

Mercedes AMG wagon truly haulsMercedes AMG wagon truly hauls
By Peter Valdes-Dapena   @peterdrives September 16, 2014: 3:00 PM ET
 
Meet the most powerful station wagon
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
My neighbors stared at it, puzzled. With its low stance, its short-sided tires with black-painted wheels and that matte gray paint this car looked mean. Angry, almost. But it was a station wagon.
Station wagons aren't supposed to be angry. They're supposed to take kids to soccer practice, pick up some groceries. Maybe they can get boxes of easy-to-assemble furniture at Ikea once in a while. There's room for a lot in a station wagon but there's no room for aggression.
View photos
But engineers at Mercedes-Benz's AMG performance division managed to squeeze some in. A lot, actually.
It's got a 577 horsepower turbocharged V8 engine and full-time all-wheel-drive. That's enough power and traction to blast this thing from a dead stop to 60 miles an hour in about 3.5 seconds.
The front sports seats have adjustable active side bolsters that can hold you in tightly or loosely depending on your preference and your waist measurements. In hard turns they push in from whichever side centrifugal force is pulling you towards. Of course, that only invites you take those turns faster and faster until the novelty of those helpfully pressing side bolsters begins to wear off.
Related - Introducing the entry-level Lamborghini
But the excitement of being in a viciously fast station wagon that corners as nicely as this one really never does go away. Honestly, this may be the most fun I've ever had in any four-door Mercedes AMG car.
Other AMG models I've driven have tended to feel strong but a little clumsy. They've tended to lack the agile feel and refinement of BMW's competing M cars feeling more brutish, like high-end luxury muscle cars.
The E63 wagon, oddly, felt like a really good sports sedan. I credit part of it -- and this is just a guess, on my part -- to the extra weight hanging around the back end which would help to counter the extra-heavy engine up front.
Cool cars: Hot wheels and good deals
I also credit part of it to the fact that, for crying out loud, it's a station wagon. You just don't expect a wagon to move like this thing does. It's fast, has good suspension in any of its various settings (from super comfortable to firm and sporty) and, of course, there are a host of technology options.
With a total price tag of $117,000 -- starting price is $102,000 -- the AMG E63 wagon could pretty much drive itself if I were inclined to let it. The active cruise control system could safely maintain a following distance behind the cars. Meanwhile, cameras monitored the lane lines, adjusting the steering constantly to keep me in line. All I had to to was keep two hands at least touching the steering wheel, just to make sure I hadn't totally checked out of the game.
But I was rarely checked out at all. In fact, I was looking for more excuses to go pick up a few things at the store.
First Published: September 16, 2014: 2:31 PM ET
Most Popular

Boeing  Space X to get NASA contractsboeing  space x to get nasa contracts
Can salt make you fatHome Remedies From Your Kitchen
Can salt make you fat?
Its effect on heart health is commonly known, find out how excess salt can increase risks of obesity and diabetes.
Prevention –  Tue 16 Sep, 2014 2:58 PM IST
0
By Ishi Khosla
Salt/sodium is crucial for your health. We need salt to transport nutrients,transmit nerve impulses and contract muscles, including our heart. Sodium alsomaintains the fluid, electrolyte and pH balance in the body. But excess saltconsumption increases the risk of insulin resistance, high BP, stroke and waterretention that translates into extra kilos on the scale.
Excess Salt and Lifestyle Conditions
While high salt intake has been clearly implicated for high BP and stomachcancer, its role in the development of insulin resistance and obesity isrelatively new. According to some studies, excessive salt can worseninsulin resistance and the evidence suggests that there is an interdependentrelationship between insulin sensitivity and sodium. So, as you watch yourcalories, fat and sugar intake, don't forget to count salt. An animal studydone in Japan, published in the Journal of Hypertension, explored the linkbetween insulin resistance and high salt intake in rats. It indicated thatthere was a significant increase in blood glucose and insulin levels in rats,fed on a high sodium-diet.
Your Daily Allowance
On an average, most people consume more salt than they need. While therecommendations are 2400 mg sodium a day, most of us tend to have around3500-4300 mg. According to WHO, those with high blood pressure should limittheir intake to 1600 mg salt per day. However, those withlow blood pressure or sportspeople (they sweat too much) may have a slightlyhigher requirement than the recommended dosage.
Description Toggle
1 - 8 / 8
ROCK SALT
Characteristics: Often referred to as the workhorse of a kitchen, rock salt is recognized by its rock-like appearance, albeit much smaller. A versatile salt, it is made of by compacting ... more 
ROCK SALT
Characteristics: Often referred to as the workhorse of a kitchen, rock salt is recognized by its rock-like appearance, albeit much smaller. A versatile salt, it is made of by compacting granular salt collected from mines and deposits. It has irregularly shaped flakes that dissolve easily and relatively evenly. Also called kosher salt in other parts of the world, rock salt is often free from any kind of additive – like iodine.
Best for: Drawing blood out of meat.
Cooking tip: A good, medium-coarse grind table salt can be used in pretty much every cooking endeavour. Sprinkle it in sauces, use it to cure meat & seafood, fold it into soups. 
Fun fact:  To make your coloured rock salt, get the crystalised rock of salt,  grind the salt, boil it with water, add the colour, let the water evaporate, crush it and keep it in a jar. less 
1 / 8
Yahoo Lifestyle | Photo by Thinkstock
Fri 8 Nov, 2013 10:30 AM IST

All of the declarations of independence from the UK in the last century  mapped and chartedThis used to be British land. Now it's Australia's.(Reuters/Phil Noble)
SHARE
Daniel A. Medina @dmedin11
September 16, 2014
Scots go to the polls on Sept. 18 to vote on a referendum that could break up the 307-year union between Scotland and England and separate their country from the United Kingdom. If they vote yes, Scotland would the first in 30 years to declare independence from Britain.
Some 57 other countries, through peaceful means or on the battlefield, have declared their independence from Britain. The US was the first, in 1776, and the tiny Southeast Asia nation of Brunei was the last, in 1984.
Here’s a map of all the countries that declared independence from the UK in the 20th century, based on when each country’s independence was officially recognized by the UK (only the US’ split-off came earlier):

Imagine if Gmail bought Facebook and they were both owned by the presidents buddyThis is just good business.(Reuters/Maxim Shemetov)
SHARE
Leo Mirani & Gideon Lichfield
September 16, 2014
Mail.ru, Russia’s most popular email provider, this morning announced that it has paid $1.47 billion for the 48% that it did not already own of VKontakte, Russia’s most popular social network. Mail.ru already owns Odnoklassniki, the second-most popular network. It’s as if Gmail (if it were an independent company) were to buy Facebook.
The deal completes the takeover of VKontakte by Mail.ru, a public company listed in London. Its majority owner is Alisher Usmanov (pictured above), the richest man in Russia and a well-known friend of president Vladimir Putin. In April last year, Pavel Durov, VKontakte’s founder,  briefly disappeared after he was accused of hitting a policeman with his car; the following day, two shareholders in VKontake sold their combined 48% stake in the company to United Capital Partners, a private equity group linked to the Kremlin. This is the same stake now in the hands of Usmanov, via Mail.ru.
Durov was ousted as CEO a year later and left Russia , hinting at machinations from the establishment in a  statement :
Today VKontakte goes under the complete control of [Putin associate] Igor Sechin and Alisher Usmanov. Probably, in the Russian context, something like this was inevitable, but I’m happy we lasted seven and a half years. We did a lot. And part of what’s been done can’t be turned back.
At issue was VKontakte’s free-wheeling nature. Like many social networks, pretty much anything goes on VKontakte, including political speech and pirated films and music. (It also has no problem hosting anti-gay neo-Nazi groups .) It was one of the services used by opposition groups to organize  protests against Putin in late 2011 . Durov apparently told a blogger  (paywall) at the time that VKontakte was a “100% apolitical company that does not support either those in power, the opposition or one of the parties.”
In recent years Russia has put in place ever harsher measures to tame the internet. In 2012 it passed a law enabling  deep packet inspection  (DPI) of all internet traffic flowing through the country. (Mail.ru was fined last year for refusing to share the contents of users’ emails, but in principle DPI could make those visible to the state anyway.) Last year, the Kremlin stepped up its war on social networks after the Edward Snowden revelations. Opposition blogs have been blocked , and a new law that went into force in August requires that any blog with more than 3,000 readers must register with the Russia’s official media regulator.
But one reason such measures are possible is they benefit homegrown internet firms  that are willing to play by the Kremlin’s rules. According to Mail.ru, completing the purchase of VKontakte will finally put an end to disputes between shareholders and allow the company to focus on product development. And from September 2016, all companies that hold data on Russian citizens will have to store the data  on servers inside Russia or risk being blocked. That’s expected to have the effect of squeezing out foreign firms like Google, Facebook and Twitter—at which point Mail.ru, VKontakte, Odnoklassniki, and their homegrown brethren will reign unopposed. What’s useful for the Kremlin is also likely to be quite profitable for Usmanov and friends.
Share this:

London real estate prices remain deeply sillyShare
Tap image to zoom
There are all sorts of explanations for the surge in London real estate values, from good, old-fashioned supply and demand dynamics  (tight development regulations, solid economic growth) to an onslaught of foreign buyers .
Both forces are at play. But popular outrage about the role of foreign money in the run-up has become a burbling political issue. (Solid numbers are hard to come by). Plans for London’s new high-frequency rail extension, Crossrail , may eventually relieve some of the pressure when the system starts running in 2018. Or perhaps not, if the boom in investment gets ahead of actual construction.
Share this:

Apple Introduces  One More Thing : Apple WatchAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

Founder Therapy: Where entrepreneurs give and receive support  advice0
“We’ve helped people find lawyers and cofounders and new hires,” said Capron, who leads the sessions alongside her marketing director, Annie Passanisi. “It’s a part of who we are. It’s important to us that people know that there’s someone to talk to about all this stuff.”
Participants begin by answering four questions: “Who are you?” (One founded a niche fashion-accessory company), “What was the best thing about last month?” (One got engaged), “What was the worst?” (One worried about planning a significant event) and “How can we help you?” (One asked how she could go on vacation).
By the end of last week’s meeting at Catalyze Chicago, a nonprofit coworking space in the West Loop, participants were offering each other ideas and solutions, including a qualified employee for the entrepreneur who wanted a vacation, a price change and distribution plan for the company in a trademark fight and a focus on diversity for the employer concerned about recruitment.
Capron and Passanisi do one session a month at their software consultancy headquarters at 2423 W. North Ave., another monthly roundtable at Catalyze Chicago and regular sessions at the University of Chicago’s Polsky Center for Entrepreneurship and Innovation. They also started hosting sessions last month at the 1871 coworking center.
The average group size is about 10, they said. The sessions are free and confidential: Participants agree to keep information and details among themselves.
Capron said the gatherings are an offshoot of an annual Thanksgiving potluck that she continues to have for developers to talk about what they were thankful for the previous year.
She said she decided to turn that concept into regular mutual-help sessions for Chicago’s startup community.
“We’ve had people admit they’ve spent their life savings on something that’s not making money,” she said.
Capron and Passanisi said other frequent challenges include the temptation to take full-time jobs and to push entrepreneurship to the back burner, the need for client management systems and the implementation of better customer service.
Another major issue: Entrepreneurs burn out and fail to properly take care of themselves, Passanisi said. “They have this great idea and rush in, and a lot of that stuff becomes an afterthought.”

Wipro Arabia to deploy SAP ERP solution for Saudi Electricity CoUpdated: September 15, 2014 20:54 IST
Wipro Arabia to deploy SAP ERP solution for Saudi Electricity Co
Special Correspondent
IT Enabled Services
Wipro Arabia Ltd will implement and rollout the plant maintenance and project system functionality of the SAP ERP application for Saudi Electricity Company (SEC).
Announcing the “strategic partnership” entered into by its subsidiary, Wipro Ltd on Monday said SEC is the largest power utility company in the Middle East. The contract is for SEC’s distribution business line in Saudi Arabia, where the company has around five million customers.
The work is expected to enable SEC to have an integrated system offering centralised and standardised processes across its plants. “It will help ensure uptime of distribution networks, expense controls and effective utilization of assets,” a release from Wipro said. The SAP ERP-based system is expected to go live in the next 10 months.

10 tech companies snapped up for $49 billion10 tech companies snapped up for $49 billion
By: Matt Krantz September 15, 2014 12:22 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
AP
Want to make a few billions? Sell your tech company this year. There’s a feeding frenzy for tech companies and bidders seem willing to pay any price.
The latest example came Monday when tech giant Microsoft agreed Monday to pay $2.5 billion the maker of the hugely popular digital building game, Minecraft.
But this deal is just the latest — and it’s not even the biggest deal of the year. Tech companies have spent roughly $49 billion to buy the 10 companies commanding the richest price tags this year, says Richard Peterson of S&P Capital IQ.
Thanks in large part to tech deals, global merger deals this year have hit $2.68 trillion, which tops the $2.65 trillion spent on deals in all of 2013, Peterson says.
The biggest buyout of the year — by far — is still Facebook’s (FB) $19.5 billion purchase of WhatApp, a smartphone app that allows users to send short messages to one another without using cellular connections. No other tech deal comes near.
But coming in second behind the WhatsApp deal is something more commonplace. Oracle (ORCL) in June agreed to buy point-of-sale terminal maker MICROS for $5.3 billion.
With cash piles at record levels, companies are looking to do deals. And in tech — the appetite for big deals seems insatiable.
Target

5 independent directors of MRPL sackedNEW DELHI, September 16, 2014
Updated: September 16, 2014 00:13 IST
5 independent directors of MRPL sacked
PTI
business (general)
With this, the board has lost its power to pass accounts, or take any large investment decisions.
The government on Monday sacked all the five independent directors of Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals Ltd (MRPL), leaving the company board with no powers to take any large investment decision.
MRPL, in a filing to the stock exchanges on Monday said: “Five non-official part time directors namely, C. L. Shah, Neela Gangadharan, Prof. Usha Kiran Rai, Prof. Jayant M. Modak and Capt. John Prasad Menezes have ceased to be directors on the board of the company.”
With this, the MRPL board has lost its power to pass accounts, or take any large investment decisions.
All the five independent directors were appointed by the previous UPA regime.
After their exit, the company's board now has six functional and promoter directors.

Thai woman commits suicide by leaping into pond of crocodilesThai woman commits suicide by leaping into pond of crocodiles
AFP
print
A 65-year-old Thai woman has committed suicide by leaping into a pond of crocodiles at a farm popular with tourists on Bangkok's outskirts, police told AFP on Tuesday.
The incident occurred during opening hours at the farm which doubles as a zoo and draws visitors who can feed the deadly reptiles from a walkway.
The woman jumped on Friday from a resting point on the walkway into the middle of pond -- which contains hundreds of adult crocodiles, Preecha Iam-nui of Samut Prakan police told AFP.
"Her sister said the victim was suffering from stress and depression," Preecha added.
The farm is an hour outside Bangkok.
Safety rules are often lax at Thai tourist attractions, which include tiger and crocodile farms.
The Samut Prakan farm fences are just a few feet high to allow visitors -- including children -- to feed the reptiles.

As D-Day nears  here are five things you need to know about India s Mars MissionComments
India's ambitious Mars Orbiter Mission, scheduled to enter the orbit of the Red Planet on September 24, is in the "pink of health" and sending vital information from 211 million km away after covering 95% of its journey, the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) has said.
A file photo of Mars Orbiter Mission spacecraft. Pic courtsey: ISRO website
“MOM keeps sending us vital information about the health of its various modules and measurements from sensors. This is called Telemetry signal. The telemetry has confirmed that MOM is in the pink of health,” the Isro posted on Twitter on Saturday.
“MOM uses 2.2m High Gain Antenna to send us signals from the present distance of 211 million kilometre,” it added. The Isro said the spacecraft was less than “four million kilometres” away from mars.
Here are 5 things to know about India's Mars Orbiter Mission:
1. Close to its destination
The MOM will perform the crucial Mars orbit insertion (MOI) manoeuvre when it is in the shadow of Mars. With the solar panels not receiving any sunlight, the battery will then supply all the power required for this operation.
The spacecraft is slated to enter the Mars atmosphere on September 24 around 7.30am. Scientists would undertake a challenging task on September 24 when they would restart the onboard liquid engine, which has been in sleep mode for nearly 300 days, for a critical manoeuvre of the spacecraft.
2. MOM will follow MAVEN on Mars
NASA’s Mars Atmosphere and Volatile Evolution (MAVEN) spacecraft is expected to enter the orbit around Mars on September 21, three days before the MOM.  Both the MOM and the MAVEN were launched into space last year.
3. Objectives
One of the main objectives of the MOM is to develop the technologies required for design, planning, management and operations of an interplanetary mission. The other major objectives of the mission are:
# Deep space communication, navigation, mission planning and management.
# Exploration of Mars surface features, morphology, mineralogy and Martian atmosphere by indigenous scientific instruments.
# The MOM will also study the atmosphere of Mars, using a methane gas sniffer. On Earth, methane can have both geological and biological origins, so detecting it on Mars could suggest the presence of Martian microbes, Indian scientists say.
# The mission will also look at Mars' minerology, morphology and surface features.
3. The payloads
Dissambled view of the MOM spacecraft. Pic courtsey: ISRO website
The MOM carries five scientific payloads to observe the Martian surface, atmosphere and exosphere extending up to 80,000 km for a detailed understanding of the evolution of the planet. These payloads consist of a camera, two spectrometers, a radiometer and a photometer. Together, they have a weight of about 15 kg.
# Lyman Alpha Photometer (LAP)
The Lyman Alpha Photometer (LAP) is an absorption cell photometer. It measures the relative abundance of deuterium and hydrogen from lyman-alpha emission in the Martian upper atmosphere (typically Exosphere and exobase). Measurement of D/H (Deuterium to Hydrogen abundance Ratio) allows scientists to understand the possible process of loss of water from the planet.
# Mars Color Camera (MCC)
This tri-colour Mars colour camera gives images and information about the surface features and composition of the Martian surface. They are useful to monitor the dynamic events and weather of Mars. The MCC will also be used for probing the two satellites of Mars — Phobos and Deimos. It also provides the context information for other science payloads.
The other components are Mars Exospheric Neutral Composition Analyser (MENCA), Methane Sensor for Mars (MSM) and  Thermal Infrared Imaging Spectrometer (TIS).
Dissambled view of the MOM spacecraft. Pic courtsey: ISRO website
4. India’s road to the elite club
Probes to Mars have a high failure rate. Of the 51 missions so far, only 21 have been successful. A similar mission by China, which beat India to the Moon, failed in 2011. Only the US, Europe, and Russia have sent probes that have orbited or landed on the planet.
If the MOM succeeds at entering the orbit around Mars, India will be the fourth international entity credited with accomplishing that task.
5. Cost and size of the mission
The gold-coloured MOM probe is almost the size of a small car. The cost of the mission is $73 million, less than a sixth of the $455 million earmarked for the Nasa’s MAVEN.
Video | ISRO's Mars Orbiter Mission in A Nutshell
(With inputs from PTI, IANS, ISRO website)

Centre to clear Iran port project soonNEW DELHI, September 16, 2014
Updated: September 16, 2014 19:32 IST
Centre to clear Iran port project soon
Mahim Pratap Singh
India is all set to get its first overseas port with the Union Cabinet expected to clear the long-delayed Chabahar project in Iran within the next fortnight.
Union Shipping Minister Nitin Gadkari expected the Cabinet to clear it in the “next 10-15 days.”
Located along the Makran coast in the Gulf of Oman, Chabahar is in close proximity to the Strait of Hormuz which facilitates about 40 per cent of the world’s oil trade, and hence has significant strategic implications for India.
Not only would it allow India easier access to Afghanistan and Central Asia without having to depend on Pakistan, it is also being touted as India’s answer to Chinese control over Pakistan’s Gwadar port, just 76 km from Chabahar.
Vajpayee’s dream
The port was a dream project of the former Prime Minister, Atal Bihari Vajpayee, who had inked a memorandum of understanding for its joint development with the then Iranian President, Mohammad Khatami, in 2003.
“Atal Bihari Vajpayeeji had initiated this project 13 years ago… within the next 10-15 days we will present a note before the Cabinet and it will be cleared… this will be our first port outside India… it’s a great achievement,” said Mr. Gadkari.
“The distance between Chabahar and Mundra ports is less than that between Delhi and Mumbai… it [presents] a golden opportunity for transportation of gas, urea, etc.,” he said.
The port will be developed by a joint venture company formed by the Jawaharlal Nehru Port Trust (JNPT) and the Kandla Port Trust (KPT).
“I have asked the JNPT and KPT to work on this port on a war footing,” said Mr. Gadkari.

Narendra Modi and Xi need to balance interdependence and strategic rivalryModi and Xi need to balance interdependence and strategic rivalry
Sushil Aaron , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 16, 2014
First Published: 20:11 IST(16/9/2014) | Last Updated: 15:13 IST(17/9/2014)
India-China summits invariably feature elements of fanfare, surprise and uncertainty – and President Xi Jinping visit promises to be no different.
India expects that Xi's visit will address 'interests and concerns' of both the countries. (PTI photo)
Both sides will, first, be straining to ensure that the visit in no way pales in comparison to Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s recent visit to Japan. Beijing has already announced that Xi’s visit will see investments worth $100 billion in India – which China’s consul general in Mumbai pointedly noted was “thrice the investments committed by Japan”.
These investments will be committed to infrastructure projects such as high speed rail, industrial parks, highways, ports, automobiles and power. The US would be hard pressed to match these when Modi visits later this month.
Grand welcome for Chinese president Xi in Modi's Ahmedabad, 3 MoUs signed
A challenge for the diplomats this time will be to ensure that the rhetoric and deliverables exceed those agreed during the May 2013 visit by Chinese Premier Li Keqiang – which yielded an expansive 35 point joint statement full of solemn intent and high-minded discourse.  It said “both countries view each other as partners for mutual benefit and not as rivals or competitors”.
Read: In Ahmedabad, preparations in full swing for Modi-Xi date
Li described India and China as “good friends that can speak to each other with candour” and frequently referred to the global significance of both countries developing together. Li and Manmohan Singh agreed, among other things, to increase high-level dialogue, address the trade imbalance, improve Indian access to Chinese markets in the IT and pharma sector, establish industrial zones, promote clean energy and increase exchanges between the militaries. China also agreed to provide hydrological data to allay India’s concerns about water flows into the Brahmaputra.
Xi’s visit will see striking outcomes, but an element of surprise has already been injected with reports that Chinese civilians and army personnel intruded into the Indian side in Ladakh on Monday, demanding that an irrigation project, close to the Line of Actual Control, be stopped.
Read: India says boundary issue will be discussed during Xi's visit
The MEA and the Army have both downplayed the incident, but the news will rile hawks in the Indian strategic community who usually reckon that such an intrusion cannot happen without sanction from Beijing – and see in this yet another proof that China wants to periodically throw India off balance. The incursion – assuming it had Beijing’s imprimatur – could be seen as: (a) a subtle Chinese probe to test Indian responses at sensitive moments and gauge if New Delhi is able to manage domestic rhetoric (b) a move to placate hardliners in the People’s Liberation Army and (c) a gentle payback to Modi for obliquely referring to Chinese expansionism during his Japan visit.
 And therein lies the element of the unknown in India-China ties following the Modi-Xi summit. Can both, as strong Asian leaders with recognised dominance over their political systems, set relations on a trajectory that insulate it from misperceptions and shocks? Both leaders want economic ties to feed domestic growth but would need to develop interdependence while managing strategic ambitions. Modi clearly sees development of Indian infrastructure, with Chinese and Japanese help, as crucial for India’s future – and his own.
Read: How PM Modi is reaching out to China via Japan
Indian analysts would, however, be keen to discern if Xi is similarly invested in the India relationship. Many will point to China’s increasing military might, its cluster of relationships in the neighbourhood that “encircle” India, China’s “stronger than steel” friendship with Pakistan, Beijing’s ambitions in the Indian Ocean and South China Sea as proof of its hegemonic intent. Equally, international scholars argue that China is still debating its posture in the world. Its policymakers, they reckon, may display belligerence concerning a core area of interest such as the South China Sea but overall Beijing seeks a cooperative, stable international climate to focus on internal challenges. Xi himself has called for a stronger military to deter bullying by foreign powers but he has also energetically expanded China’s global outreach, including with Russia, a power India is close to. The India relationship thus hangs in the balance as China ponders the world. A $100 billion commitment is not much for a country that has over $3 trillion in foreign exchange reserves. But it is a sizeable investment to test if the India and China can develop interlocking ties that can durably manage strategic suspicions.

I Paid  But Cant Get No Mortgage SatisfactionAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

US Stocks Turn Higher at MiddayAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

Ikea Recalls Swing Because of Breakage RiskAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

Limited overs cricket is about aggression  our players need that approach: Shahid AfridiPress Trust of India | Karachi | Posted: September 16, 2014 10:00 pm
Soon after being re-appointed as Pakistan Twenty20 captain , flamboyant all-rounder Shahid Afridi urged his players to shed of any “fear” of losing and play their “natural” game.
In his first message after being given the responsibility by the Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) till the 2016 World T20, Afridi, who has played 381 ODIs and 74 T20 internationals, told reporters here that he was up for the challenge.
“But the main message I want to convey to the players is that they need to shed their fear of defeat and failure and play their natural game. Limited overs cricket is about aggression and our players need to take that approach,” he said.
“T20 cricket is for courageous players and I am confident we have talent in the team which just needs to be encouraged and spurred on,” he said.
Afridi, 34, who captained Pakistan in ODIs and T20 matches in 2010 and 2011 before being removed by the board said he was delighted to get back the responsibility.
“I don’t want to go into details or rake up the past. But what happened than everyone knows and everybody knows what my performance as captain and player was,” he added.
Afridi said he had however now moved on and started a new innings.
Afridi’s sacking came after he had a fallout with Waqar Younis who was serving his first term as head coach.
They clashed twice on a tour to the West Indies on selection issues and this led to manager, Intikhab Alam submitting a damning report about Afridi and his disciplinary issues to the board which promptly sacked him and handed over the ODI and T20 captaincy as well to Misbah who was already leading the Test side.
Afridi said he had now gotten over his problems with Waqar who is back as head coach.
“I was happy to see Waqar bhai a changed person on the recent tour to Sri Lanka. The management was very supportive and I think we can now work well together for Pakistan cricket,” he added.
The allrounder also promised to build a fighting unit for the World T20 in 2016.
“I know how important it is for me to perform as well and I will be focusing a lot on my bowling and batting as well,” he stated.
I want to convey to the players that they need to shed their fear of defeat

Wipro eyes open source to advance in analytics  cloud and Internet of ThingsWipro has set up an Open Source Practice under its Business Application Services division to cater to the increase in adoption of analytics, cloud computing and Internet of Things.
Tech Desk | Bangalore | Posted: September 16, 2014 9:27 pm
Wipro has announced that it will make significant investments in Open Source technologies, methodologies and services.
The rapidly increasing pace of adoption of Open Source software and methodologies led by advancements in analytics, cloud computing and the emerging Internet of Things (IoT) have propelled Open Source into a core strategic technology asset for enterprises across the globe. Wipro has set up an Open Source Practice under its Business Application Services division to address this rising demand. This practice will channelize the earmarked investments towards driving growth and building industry leadership in this area.
This practice will help our customers build Open Source platforms that enable online services on a massive scale, big data platforms for batch as well as real-time streaming data, and integrated management fabrics, at beneficial price points. In addition, it will focus on Applications (Middleware, Security, Customer Experience Platforms, Mobile Frameworks), Infrastructure (Operating systems, Databases, Virtualization, Cloud Technologies, Software Defined Infrastructure), Internet of Things (IoT), Hardware and Testing. In the Product Engineering space, reusable/licensable IP blocks will help shrink product development timelines for the Consumer, Automotive and Networking market segments.
“Wipro’s Open Source practice will offer consulting services to companies looking to adopt Open Source in their IT landscape — from advisory and strategy to roadmap development, integration, legacy migration, deployment, governance and risk mitigation and support. The practice will spearhead multiple initiatives to build solutions, collaborate with key players and foster innovation in the Open Source domain,” said Bhanumurthy BM, Chief Executive, Application Services & Strategic Alliances, Wipro Limited.
The practice is building a team of skilled personnel, including world-class open source industry veterans and community experts. It is also investing in creating innovation labs to showcase industry solutions, real world integrations and emerging technologies.
“We believe we have the strategy and technology depth to become the primary Open Source partner for global enterprises. We are building a world class team of technologists for our Open Source Initiative and recently hired an industry leader, Andrew Aitken, founder of the industry’s first strategic consultancy think-tank on Open Source, and a recognized expert on strategies for its commercialization,” said Krishnakumar N Menon, Vice President, Business Application Solutions & Open Source Initiative, Wipro Limited.

Rescue operations to continue till there is requirement: IAF ChiefJammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah meeting with Air Chief Marshal Arup Raha in Srinagar on Tuesday. Source: PTI Photo
Jammu | Posted: September 16, 2014 9:27 pm | Updated: September 16, 2014 9:44 pm
Air Chief Marshal Arup Raha on Tuesday said an outstanding effort was put in by all personnel of Indian Air Force in the relief operations in the flood-ravaged Kashmir region and said their work would continue till the time there is a requirement.
“The operations will continue till the time there is a requirement and we are here to help the people, Nation and Government in rescue and relief in time of need”, Air Chief Marshal said.
He interacted with the station personnel of Srinagar and Awantipur and said that every Air warrior “had done their bit including the support services”.
“It was one of the biggest and challenging helicopter and transport operation carried out in the past one week in one of the most challenging circumstances of difficult terrain, inclement weather, flying at a varying altitude and
unprecedented bird activity.
“An outstanding effort was put in by all personnel of Indian Air Force in carrying out day and night operations to offload and disperse relief material”, he said.
Air Chief Marshal Arup Raha today visited the flood affected areas of Jammu and Kashmir and carried out aerial recce of both north and south Kashmir, a Defence Spokesman said here.
The Air Chief Marshal took stock of the relief and rescue operations being carried out by the Armed Forces.
He was extremely satisfied with the team work and joint operations being carried out by Army, Navy, Air Force and NDRF in trying their best to restore conditions back to normalcy.
During his visit, the Air Chief was received by Air Commodore B Balachandran, Air Officer Commanding Srinagar Air Force Station.
The majority of relief operations have been launched and carried out from the Srinagar Air Force Station.
Later, he met Lieutenant General Subrata Saha, Commander 15 Corps at Badami Bagh Cantt.
He also called on Chief Minister Omar Abdullah at Hari Niwas and Governor N N Vohra at Raj Bhawan.
The IAF Chief was extremely happy with all the Air Force stations that pitched in their efforts day and night
to rescue and provide relief to flood victims, the spokesman said.
The Air Chief also visited the No 3 Rapid Air Medical Team (RAMT) and found it well established and equipped with Mobile Critical Care Centre for flood victims.
He also interacted with the Commandos who were involved in the rescue operations.

Jose Mourinho insists Chelsea to do everything to qualify for next stage of Champions LeagueMourinho is bidding to become the first manager to win the Champions League with three different clubs. (Source: AP)
Reuters | London | Posted: September 16, 2014 9:07 pm | Updated: September 16, 2014 9:08 pm
Jose Mourinho insists his Chelsea side must do “everything” they can to qualify for the next stage of the Champions League and avoid the chance of dropping down into the Europa League.
Speaking ahead of Chelsea’s opening Group G match against Schalke 04 at Stamford Bridge on Wednesday, the Chelsea manager said it would be detrimental to his players’ development should the team have to compete in the second-tier competition.
Teams finishing third in the Champions League group stage go into the Europa League, joining the competition in the knockout phase.
Mourinho is bidding to become the first manager to win the Champions League with three different clubs but he is only concentrating on the six group games to ensure his team finish in the top two and progress to the round of 16.
“The competition is part of my history and I’m part of the tournament’s history. To win with three clubs would be unique,” Mourinho, who won the competition when in charge at Porto and Inter Milan, told a news conference on Tuesday.
“Do I want to try to win again? Of course I want to. I have many years ahead of me. But in this moment I only think: don’t play Europa League.
“It would be very bad for the evolution of our players to go to Europa League. We have to qualify. We have to do everything to qualify.”
Chelsea have started the season in emphatic fashion, winning their opening four league games with a mixture of power and panache.
In stark contrast Schalke have endured a winless start in the Bundesliga, languishing near the foot of the table having taken just one point from their first three matches.
Mourinho, however, said league form will not matter and Chelsea will be wary of their opponents despite beating them 3-0 home and away at the same stage of the competition last season.
“They drew against Bayern Munich, obviously they lost their last match 4-1 but I don’t see that as a drama or having a consequence in the Champions League,” Mourinho said.
“I don’t see a relation between the fact they lost the last match. Probably it will make them stronger. Probably they can discuss the mistakes they made, they can try to have a different approach to be a better team and a difficult opponent.
“In this moment it is a short competition of four teams for us, six matches. Everything is different,” he said of the group which also contains Slovenian champions NK Maribor and Portuguese club Sporting Lisbon.
Mourinho will have a full-strength squad to pick from because striker Didier Drogba has recovered from the ankle injury which forced him to miss Saturday’s 4-2 win over Swansea City in the Premier League.
Chelsea have started the season in emphatic fashion, winning their opening four league games

Scientists colossal squid exam a Kraken good showIn this Dec. 2013 photo, Capt. John Bennett shows a colossal squid he and and his crew caught on the boat in Antarctica's remote Ross Sea. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | New Zealand | Posted: September 16, 2014 9:02 pm | Updated: September 16, 2014 9:08 pm
It was a calm morning in Antarctica’s remote Ross Sea, during the season when the sun never sets, when Capt. John Bennett and his crew hauled up a creature with tentacles like fire hoses and eyes like dinner plates from a mile below the surface.
A colossal squid: 350 kilograms (770 pounds), as long as a minibus and one of the sea’s most elusive species. It had been frozen for eight months until Tuesday, when scientists in New Zealand got a long-anticipated chance to thaw out the animal and inspect it — once they used a forklift to maneuver it into a tank.
The squid is a female, and its eight arms are each well over a meter (3.3 feet) long. Its two tentacles would have been perhaps double that length if they had not been damaged.
Kat Bolstad, a squid scientist from the Auckland University of Technology who was leading a team examining the creature, described it as “very big, very beautiful.”
“This is essentially an intact specimen, which is almost an unparalleled opportunity for us to examine,” she said. “This is a spectacular opportunity.”
Many people around the world agreed: About 142,000 people from 180 countries watched streaming footage of the squid examination on the Internet.
Colossal squid sometimes inhabit the world of fiction and imagination, but have rarely been seen in daylight. Remarkably, Bennett and his crew on the San Aspiring toothfish boat have caught two of them. Their first, hauled in seven years ago, is on display in New Zealand’s national museum, Te Papa.
Bennett said there was so much excitement about his previous catch, he thought he had better save the latest one for research.
“It was partly alive, it was still hanging onto the fish,” Bennett recalls. “Just a big bulk in the water. They’re huge, and the mantle’s all filled with water. It’s quite an awesome sight.”
Susan Waugh, a senior curator at Te Papa, said scientists hope to find out more about where the creature fits in the food chain, how much genetic variation there is among different squid types, and basic facts about how the colossal squid lives and dies.
She said scientists plan to further assess the condition of the squid before determining whether to preserve it for public display.
Bolstad said it’s possible that ancient sightings of the species gave rise to tales of the kraken, or giant sea-monster squid. She said sperm whales often eat colossal squid and are known to play with their food, and sailors may have mistaken that for epic battles.
“On the other hand, we don’t really know what the grog rations were like at that time at sea, either,” she said. “So it may be that we’ve got a bit of a fisherman’s story going on there, too.”

Bypoll results positive  would push seat-deal with NCP: CongressPrint
Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: September 16, 2014 8:54 pm | Updated: September 16, 2014 8:55 pm
On Tuesday Maharashtra unit of Congress said by-election results from Uttar Pradesh and Rajasthan were a morale-booster for the party cadre, and would also lead to speedy finalisation of seats-sharing deal with the NCP for the coming assembly elections in the state.
The seat-sharing talks are currently stuck over NCP’s demand of equal number of seats.
Reverses for BJP in Uttar Pradesh and Congress’s gains in Gujarat and Rajasthan in Tuesday’s by-election results had enthused Congress workers in the poll-bound Maharashtra, said state Congress spokesperson Anant Gadgil.
“It is a psychological boost. People are upset with the BJP government under Narendra Modi and are in rethinking mode.
It will also expedite seat-sharing talks with NCP,” he said.
Shiv Sena, which had refused to accept BJP’s demand for 135 seats, would now harden its stand, he claimed.
“Today’s results are a message to our ally NCP that people want us to unite and keep communal forces at bay.”
Gadgil, who is also a member of AICC media panel, claimed that BJP’s losses in Uttar Pradesh proved that people did not want communal forces, while in Rajasthan the youth had voted for the Congress in a big way.
Ratnakar Mahajan, another state Congress spokesperson, said in the current legislative assembly Congress has 82 MLAs, which is close to the combined strength of BJP (46) and Shiv Sena (45). NCP (62) has more MLAs than the two saffron parties individually.
Despite this, Congress and NCP together are one member short of majority in the 288-member house, he noted.
“Alliances are inevitable for both Congress-NCP and Shiv Sena-BJP. The extent of fragmented polity is such that more than Congress-NCP, it is BJP which has no candidates to field in several constituencies. In the Lok Sabha elections, it fielded outsiders at eight to ten places,” he said.
In apparent reference to NCP’s threat to go it alone if its demand for equal number of seats was not met, Mahajan said because of the Lok Sabha verdict in favour of a single party, the idea of going solo had now entered the heads of those who once thought coalition politics was here to stay.
Both Gadgil and Mahajan said the by-poll results proved that voters think differently in Lok Sabha and assembly elections. Focus of party’s campaign will be on the developmental works carried out by the state government in the last 15 years, they said.
Commenting on the stalemate in Sena-BJP seat-sharing talks, Mahajan said, “We don’t know whether their differences are for real or just a pretence to keep the smaller parties in the (opposition) alliance which are demanding large chunk of seats at bay.”
After Tuesday’s results, BJP will have to do a rethink on its confidence that the “Modi wave” would carry it to victory every time, he said.

Adidas launches smartwatch miCoach Smart Run at Rs 24 999Adidas miCoach Smart Run uses optical technology to track heart rate from wrist, an in-built accelerometer counting every step to help monitor stride rate and GPS to track speed, distance and logs.
PTI | New Delhi | Posted: September 16, 2014 8:48 pm | Updated: September 17, 2014 1:39 pm
German sportswear major Adidas has joined the smartwatch bandwagon with its ‘miCoach Smart Run’, priced at Rs 24,999, which will allow users to monitor heart rate and play music.
The smartwatch, which will be available exclusively on Adidas website, will also allow runners to track their runs using GPS mapping.
“There are no cables, straps and additional sensors with this all-in-one device — Smart Run uses optical technology to track heart rate from wrist, an in-built accelerometer counting every step to help monitor stride rate and GPS to track speed, distance and logs,” it said in a statement.
The device which would have 1.45-inch color touch screen display and features a MP3 player with Bluetooth support. It also provides audible coaching guidance.
Adidas already offers a miCoach app on smartphones.
Smart wearables, as a category, is growing globally with the likes of Samsung, Motorola and Apple coming out with their smartphones across various price points.
While smartwatches from these firms are not dedicated to healthcare or athletics, most of these support apps like pedometer and heart rate monitor to help users monitor various bodily functions.

Adityanath says BJP lost as he was not allowed to campaignBJP MP Yogi Adityanath.
Press Trust of India | Lucknow | Posted: September 16, 2014 8:44 pm | Updated: September 17, 2014 8:58 am
After BJP suffered a major blow in the politically-crucial state of Uttar Pradesh, its MP Yogi Adityanath on Tuesday blamed the Samajwadi Party government for not allowing him to campaign for the bypolls in 11 Assembly seats.
“The way police and administration have been politicised …I was not allowed to address election meetings and obstacles were created,” he said.
“We have won both Noida and Lucknow where I campaigned,” he said, adding his focus was on “development and Hindutva issues” during electioneering.
BJP’s star campaigner said, “Campaigning is important in, any election, but results depend upon how tickets are distributed and what is the organisational structure.
“I was not allowed to address public meetings and it is surprising that how the Election Commission did not take it seriously,” he said. Adityanath said, “I feel that a review of ticket distribution and strategy is important. Whether it is victory or defeat, it motivates a person to introspect. We will review everything and talk to the high command.”
He accused the state government of politicising police and the administration. Of the 11 Assembly seats that went to polls, BJP won only three. The party had won all these seats last time. Adityanath said he was allowed to campaign only for three days and during that period too the state government created problems for him.
The MP from Gorakhpur was not allowed by the authorities to address election meetings in the run-up to the bypolls and was booked for allegedly invoking religion while addressing a rally in support of the BJP candidate in Noida.
He accused the state government of influencing the outcome of the bypolls and said, “State ministers were openly flouting the Model Code and misusing the official machinery.” After a near-total sweep in Lok Sabha polls in Uttar Pradesh, BJP bit the dust in eight of the 11 Assembly seats where bypolls were held Saturday. Besides Lucknow East and Noida, the party won Saharanpur (City).
Meanwhile, state BJP President Laxmi Kant Bajpai accepted the party’s defeat in the bye-elections and said the reasons behind it would be reviewed. “The responsibility of defeat is mine and my team’s. The reasons behind the defeat will be reviewed. It has given us a lesson for Vidhan Sabha polls,” he said.

Wall Street rallies on Fed hopesWall Street rallies as Fed hopes build
By Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b1ab010c-3d4f-11e4-a2ab-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Watch the Nationals clinch the division title with free hot dogs and $5 drinksBy Fritz Hahn September 16 Follow @fritzhahn
The Nats Punch at Duffy's Irish Pub is served in pint glasses, which are about the same size as your average gnome. (Photo by Fritz Hahn/The Washington Post)
As all Nationals fans know, the team can clinch the National League East with a win over the Atlanta Braves tonight.
This is a time of celebration at Duffy's Irish Pub , the best Nationals bar in D.C. I stopped in last night and the Nats were on most of the TVs, with MASN's play-by-play blasting through the room. Monday Night Football was limited to a pair of TVs, silently playing in the front. Nats fans outnumbered Eagles fans and were far more vocal, cheering loudly for every run and stolen base – and even louder when Drew Storen replaced Rafael Soriano in the ninth inning.
Tonight, Duffy's is planning a division-clinching party that involves free hot dogs during the game, free Jameson shots to everyone wearing Nats gear when the team wins, and $5 pint glasses of Nats Punch, a sweet, potent jungle juice-style concoction that pub owner Andy Duffy created. He describes the drink as a "secret recipe," but I can tell you it contains two kinds of rum, fruit juice and a touch of whiskey, and it goes down very easily.
If, by some miracle, Atlanta beats Tanner Roark tonight, the Nats can clinch with a win in Atlanta on Wednesday, and Duffy's will offer all the same specials for that game. (Wednesday is also the annual Halfway to St. Patrick's Day party at Duffy's, with $5 Guinness and $10 all-you-can-eat corned beef and cabbage from 5-10 p.m., so fans would get all those deals as well.) If the Nats go into a skid and lose both games in Atlanta, the specials will be offered during the four-game series against the Marlins, which starts Thursday.
After the division title is decided, Duffy's will continue serving the Nats Punch for $7 per glass for the rest of the season, and showing Nationals games with sound Monday through Wednesday, on Saturday afternoons and on Sundays whenever they don't collide with Green Bay Packers games. (Green Bay fans have been packing Duffy's to capacity for years, but if MLB postseason games overlap, the Nationals will probably win, Duffy says.)
Duffy's Irish Pub , 2106 Vermont Ave. NW. 202-265-3413.
Fritz Hahn has covered bars, drinks and nightlife for the Washington Post Weekend Section since 2003, but he also writes about everything from Civil War battlefields to sailing classes. You can find him on Twitter and Instagram .

Asia tech groups beat Apple to punchAsian tech groups fail to exploit early advantage against Apple
By Simon Mundy in Seoul and Kana Inagaki in Tokyo
©Bloomberg
Soon after Apple launched its larger-screen iPhones last week, rivals in Asia sent out mocking messages on Twitter, taunting the US company for being slow to catch up with the industry trend.
“No one is going to buy a big phone,” Samsung Electronics teased, quoting a 2010 remark by Apple’s late co-founder Steve Jobs. “Guess who surprised themselves and changed their minds?”
More
Investor demand for Alibaba’s bonds reaches $55bn
From Taipei and Tokyo, smartphone rivals HTC and Sony sent out similarly irreverent tweets.
The light-hearted tone of the messages concealed a serious headache for Apple’s Asian competitors. While they have often moved into new product areas such as large-screen phones, smartwatches and payment technology before the US tech group, they have consistently been unable to match the excitement generated by Apple product launches – or its success in monetising and globalising their usage.
Apple’s two new iPhones have larger screens than their predecessors, taking the company into “phablet” territory pioneered by Samsung, which launched the fourth version of its Galaxy Note at the beginning of September.
“When the Note was announced, I couldn’t understand it,” said Ben Wood at the research group CCS Insight, referring to the 2011 launch of Samsung’s first phablet. “It looked ridiculous. And now it’s become a legitimate category.”
Samsung declined to reveal how many Notes it has sold since the new launch, but said it shipped 10m units of the previous model in the first two months after its launch last year.
Still, analysts believe that Apple’s lead in the brand stakes – in spite of Samsung’s huge outlays on marketing, on which it spent $14bn last year – will eat into the Korean group’s first-mover advantage. “Consumers have an incredible emotional engagement with the Apple brand,” said Mr Wood. “Samsung hasn’t achieved that.”
If Samsung’s advertising campaigns have at least helped it narrow the popularity gap with Apple, Taiwan’s HTC shows the challenges facing smaller Asian smartphone producers seeking to compete at the high end of the market.
While its One series of phones have been praised by some reviewers as the most attractively designed smartphone to date, the lack of marketing clout to support it has left the company floundering commercially. HTC has predicted a 12th consecutive quarter of declining revenues in the third quarter of this year.
A similar tale is told in the smartwatch sector.
Samsung is the global leader by volume sales, having released five different smartwatch models since the first Galaxy Gear was unveiled a year ago.
The company “is ahead on technology”, said Mark Newman, analyst at Bernstein, arguing that the group has “positioned itself well for the next decade of growth” in wearable electronics.
Its South Korean rival LG Electronics launched its G Watch in July with an improved version to follow by the end of this year.
Yet neither of these launches came close to matching the hype around the Apple Watch .
“Apple understands the watch business better than Samsung,” said Daniel Kim, an analyst at Macquarie, noting Apple’s poaching of executives from the fashion industry such as Angela Ahrendts, former chief executive of Burberry.“Samsung’s smartwatches look ugly and there is a lack of useful apps.”
Corporate Japan abounds with innovations that failed to become global hits. The Japanese call this “Galápagos syndrome”, whereby companies forge ahead into new technological territory but fail to find a market outside of the country – only for foreign rivals to take the idea global.
In 1999, Kyocera introduced the world’s first mobile phone with a built-in camera and sparked the cameraphone boom in Japan, years before this function became commonplace outside Japan.
More video
In 2004, Sony came out with an ebook reader three years before Amazon’s Kindle but lost out in global sales due to higher pricing and a fewer number of offerings. The company also launched the LiveView smartwatch in 2010, beating both Samsung and Apple to the market.
Analysts said Japanese companies are often content with being the first to market the latest technology but are less successful at showing consumers how those technologies will make their lives easier. “The obsession with technology overlooks what is really needed to convince the consumer to buy: the ease to use. And that’s what Apple has capitalised on,” said Atul Goyal, analyst at Jefferies.
Mobile payments are the latest example.
Ten years ago, NTT DoCoMo introduced phones dubbed osaifu-keitai, or mobile wallets, running on Sony’s patented Felica technology, an early form of the near-field communication technology that will be used by Apple Pay . Nearly half of Japan’s mobile phone owners now use the FeliCa system, which has become embedded in daily routines from using public transport to unlocking doors.
Yet NTT DoCoMo and Sony, through their joint venture FeliCa Networks, have struggled to export the concept of using mobile phones as electronic wallets. Only in Hong Kong, where Sony’s FeliCa chips were used to create Octopus smart cards in 1997 and for mobile payments from last year, has it had any success.
“We went in too early and the environment wasn’t ripe,” an executive at FeliCa Networks said earlier this year.
Critics say Japanese companies focus too much on perfecting their technologies in their home market, leading to a system or standard that is unique to Japan. In the US and Europe, Sony was unable to convince carriers, transportation operators and other partners to adopt the FeliCa system since the overseas markets use differing types of contactless pay technology.
Yasutoshi Kikuchi, partner at Roland Berger, the consultants, added that Sony needs to shift away from gadget-making and focus on where it can generate revenue. Apple’s success, for example, stems from its ability to tap into existing users by offering not only new devices but added services such as the iTunes store.
In the same way, Sony is now trying to build the PlayStation gaming console into a subscription-based platform, bringing together users of various gadgets from mobile phones, televisions, tablets to portable game players with a wide ranging of offerings from games and movies to live TV programs.
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2014. You may share using our article tools.
Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web.

Live Cricket Score  CLT20  MI vs NK: NK steady in small MI chaseKane Willaimson and Devcich provided the platform to chased down Mumbai's 132 by adding 83 runs for the first wicket. (Source: BCCI)
Press Trust of India | Raipur | Posted: September 16, 2014 6:58 pm | Updated: September 17, 2014 1:11 am
Relive the action!
LIVE SCORECARD: MI vs NK
BALL BY BALL COMMENTARY
Defending champions Mumbai Indians paid the price for their indifferent show, crashing out of the Champions League T20 as a committed Northern Knights from New Zealand overpowered them with a one-sided six-wicket victory in the final qualifying round match, on Tuesday.
Apart from Northern, the other team that qualified for the main round was Pakistan’s Lahore Lions, who won two of their three matches while MI had the ignominy of being the first ever defending champions in six editions, who were ousted in the preliminary round. Lions incidentally are first team from Pakistan to qualify for CLT20 main round.
After being out into bat, Mumbai Indians scored a below par 132 for nine in 20 overs with none of their batsmen scoring big on a pitch that aided medium pacers. Tim Southee and Scott Styris took three wickets apiece.
In reply, Kane Williamson (53 off 36 balls) presented copybook technique with calculated assault as an opening partnership of 83 with left-hander Anton Devcich sealed the issue for the ‘Pink Panthers’ in only 17.2 overs.
Devcich, on his part, scored 39 as batting became easier during second half with dew factor coming into play.
It was a treat to watch Williamson’s batting. Dubbed as a player for longer versions, the young Black Caps batsman showed the virtue of proper technique as he repeatedly danced charged down the track to spinners reaching to the pitch of the deliveries while playing the lofted shot.
Yet his second 50 in the tournament came off 32 balls as he reached the landmark with a straight six and a four off Harbhajan Singh’s bowling.
In all, Williamson, hit seven boundaries and a six before his uppish drive of Jasprit Bumrah delivery was taken by Pollard at short cover.
BJ Watling was out when Harbhajan plucked a catch out off thin air off Bumrah’s bowling but by then Northern were well on course to reach the target.
Earlier, Mumbai Indians batting floundered, yet again as the high-profile franchise could manage only 132 for nine in their ‘do-or-die’ final qualifying game after being put into bat by Northern skipper Daniel Flynn.
Save skipper Kieron Pollard, who scored 31 off 24 balls, none of the Mumbai Indians batsmen displayed enough firepower against a disciplined Northern bowling attack which used the sluggish pitch to good effect.
It was young Shreyas Gopal, who smashed 24 off 12 balls, who took MI past 130-run mark.
While 39-year-old Styris (3/21) had the best figures among the bowlers, it was Southee (3/24), who was both deadly and economical in his first three overs before Gopal took him apart in the final over of the innings.
At the start, Mike Hussey (7) got impatient as he tried to give Southee the charge in the fourth over of the innings but couldn’t get the continued…

A day to remember for OU foreign studentsUpdated: September 16, 2014 23:03 IST
A day to remember for OU foreign students
R. Ravikanth Reddy
The Hindu Foreign Students flying the caps During "7th Annual Graduation Cermony" for Foreign Students at Osmania University in Hyderabad on Tuesday. Photo: Satyanarayana Gola
TOPICS
education
A total of 111 students from different countries receive PG and UG degrees. The OU registrar, K. Pratap Reddy, said they were graduating from a university that was ranked seventh best among the 600 plus universities in the country.
It was the day that they eagerly waited for and the day of their long-cherished dreams turning into reality. It could not have been better for foreign students of Osmania University who received their degrees amid lusty shouts of their friends. They were advised by the professors to be the ambassadors of Indian education in their respective countries.
At the seventh annual graduation ceremony held here on Tuesday, the students said that along with the degrees, they would be carrying home a value system that they acquired here. A total of 111 students from different countries received their PG and UG degrees.
Chief guest Dirgham A.H. Alkhafaji, Cultural Attaché Counsellor, Embassy of the Republic of Iraq, highlighted the importance of graduation in everyone’s academic life and observed that acquiring a degree certificate was only the beginning of one’s career.
The OU registrar, K. Pratap Reddy, said they were graduating from a university that was ranked seventh best among the 600 plus universities in the country.
‘Be role models’
He called upon the graduating foreign students to be role models in their country and hoped as the alumni of the varsity that they would contribute to strengthen the relations between India and their respective countries.

Dr. Besser on the Progress Battling CancerSPECIAL LIVE COVERAGE FROM ABC NEWS
RADAR: Storms Developing in the South
EXPLORE.ORG: Shallow Underwater Cam
WARNING: VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAMING COVERAGE
LIVE Coverage Calendar

Republicans are headed toward a big turnout edge in the midtermsBy Scott Clement September 16 Follow @sfcpoll
In recent CNN poll on the Arkansas Senate race , Sen. Mark Pryor (D) was either winning by nine points or losing by two points to Rep. Tom Cotton (R). Same poll, two wildly different results. The first numbers, which had Pryor leading, were among a sample of those registered to vote. The second set was among only those who say they are "likely" to vote in seven weeks' time.
What explains such a big gap?  Simply put: Republicans are far more enthusiastic than Democrats to vote this fall and that gap will likely mean a major GOP turnout edge.
Let's break it down.
Among all registered voters, more tend to favor Democratic than Republican candidates for Congress. But for several reasons (including age, race and political interest), Republican-leaning Americans are more likely to vote. The size of that turnout advantage ranges from election to election, depending on how motivated each party's voters are to show up.
Conveniently, a quartet of national polls this month offer an early read on this year's turnout dynamics and allow for comparisons to recent elections. Each poll reported results for the "generic ballot," which asks which House candidate respondents currently support in their district, among both registered voters and likely voters.
All four polls show Republicans performing better among likely voters than among registered ones. The shift in the Democratic-Republican margin from registered to likely voters within each poll gives a sense of Republicans' current turnout advantage. Each poll shows Republicans do better among likely voters, with the swing in congressional support ranging from three points in the Fox News poll  (Democrats -4 to -7) to an eight-point swing in the Pew Research Center survey  (Dems +5 to -3). The Washington Post-ABC News and CNN-ORC polls fall in the middle of that spectrum.
The average likely voter swing toward Republicans is 5.5 percentage points across the four polls, slightly smaller than Republicans' advantage in 2010 (a 6.3-point swing toward Republicans) but clearly larger than in other recent midterms like 2006 (a 1-point swing) or 2002 (a 2.5-point swing).
The latest national polls largely jibe with polling earlier this year that found Republicans with a significant turnout advantage, albeit smaller than in 2010. Results for basic vote intention are a cruder but clearer way to see what's driving the selection of likely voters. In the latest  Post-ABC poll , registered voters supporting Republican House candidates were eight points more apt to say they are "absolutely certain to vote" than those supporting Democratic candidates; in 2010, the Republican advantage was 13 percentage points.
The Pew Research survey  found a slightly smaller difference from 2010 when asking whether voters are likely to vote on a scale of one to 10 (10 labeled "definitely"). Voters supporting Republicans were 12 points more apt to say they will "definitely vote" than those backing Democrats; in 2010 the margin was 14 points.
While the latest raft of polls is an indicator of Republicans' turnout advantage, it's not a done deal just yet. Pollsters may modify their likely voter models closer to the election, with some including additional turnout indicators. In addition, generic House polls have proven a useful indicator in the past but have also have incorrectly estimated the total vote in Democratic and Republican House races. In 2006, for instance, many national polls showed Democratic candidates leading by mid-to-high double digits over Republicans on the generic ballot, but when the votes were tallied, Democrats' edge shrunk to eight percentage points. It's possible that likely voter screens were too loose (meaning they let too many people in that weren't actually likely to vote) that cycle — always a big danger in low-turnout elections.
Still, the numbers are striking. And worrisome for Democrats.
Peyton M. Craighill contributed to this report.
Scott Clement is a survey research analyst for The Washington Post. Scott specializes in public opinion about politics, election campaigns and public policy.

Map: State poverty rates at pre-recession levelsBy Reid Wilson September 16 Follow @postreid
The nation’s poverty rate dropped over the last year for the first time since 2006, according to Census Bureau figures released Tuesday. But the number of Americans living at or below the poverty line remains at record levels, and in most states the poverty rate remains higher than it was during the depths of the recession.
The poverty rate today is lower than it was in 2008 and 2009 in just 13 states, the Census Bureau reported. Every other state showed an increase in the percentage of citizens living in poverty.
Here’s our colleague Carol Morello on the new numbers :
One in five children in the country are living in poverty, the census said. The 20 percent poverty rate for children represented a drop of two percentage points from 2012.
Census economists said median household income in the U.S. last year was just under $52,000, roughly where it was in 2012 when the figures are adjusted for inflation. That figure is 8 percent lower than it was in 2007, the last full year of pre-recession economic wellbeing, and 11 percent below was it was in 2000.
Overall, the Census Bureau said, about 2.8 million more people had full-time, year-round jobs in 2013. Since 2010, the census has detected a gradual shift from part-time to full-time jobs, but the trend seemed to accelerate last year, economists said.
The poverty rate is more than 1 percentage point lower than at the depths of the recession in Colorado, Indiana, North Dakota and South Dakota, the Census Bureau found. But the rate was at least three points higher than it was in Connecticut, Delaware, Kentucky, Louisiana, Nevada, North Carolina, Oregon and the District of Columbia.
Mississippi has the highest poverty rate, at 22.5 percent, trailed closely by New Mexico, D.C., Arizona and Kentucky, all of which have rates above 20 percent. Utah and Vermont have the lowest poverty rates, clocking in under 9 percent.
“Today’s Census report reminds us that, despite four years of economic recovery in the U.S., far too many Americans are still living in poverty. This is particularly true in my home state of Mississippi, where poverty increased from last year and thousands of people lack health insurance,” said Reilly Morse, president of the Mississippi Center for Justice. “Talk of economic recovery masks the reality that many Mississippi families — along with working families in other states — continue to struggle to find work, pay bills and build economic security.”
Reid Wilson covers state politics and policy for the Washington Post's GovBeat blog. He's a former editor in chief of The Hotline, the premier tip sheet on campaigns and elections, and he's a complete political junkie.

Smallcaps rise modestly; technical  Death Cross  loomsWall St. ends at records on central bank action
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
NASDAQ Financial Markets European Central Bank NYSE Euronext, Inc. GameStop Corp. Mario Draghi
By Ryan Vlastelica
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed higher on Friday, with major indexes notching a fifth straight weekly advance after China's central bank cut its benchmark interest rate and its euro zone peer announced asset purchases in efforts to boost each region's economy.
The gains were broad on a day when both the Dow and S&P 500 ended at closing records. All ten primary S&P 500 industry sectors ended the day higher, while 63 percent of stocks traded on the New York Stock Exchange closed in positive territory. About 50 percent of Nasdaq-listed names were higher on the day.
The People's Bank of China said it was cutting one-year benchmark lending rates for the first time in more than two years.
The move came after European Central Bank head Mario Draghi said "excessively low" inflation had to be raised quickly by whatever means necessary, rekindling expectations the ECB will move to stimulate the euro zone economy. The ECB said it started buying asset-backed securities to encourage banks to lend and revive the economy.
"It isn't the size of the moves but the shock value of the direction that is really lifting markets today," said Mark Luschini, chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott in Philadelphia, which manages about $67 billion in assets. "This is a one-two punch for global growth."
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 88.94 points, or 0.5 percent, to 17,807.94, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 10.7 points, or 0.52 percent, to 2,063.45 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.10 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,712.97.
Both the Dow and S&P ended at records. For the week, the Dow rose 1 percent, the S&P added 1.2 percent and the Nasdaq rose 0.5 percent. It was the fifth straight weekly advance for all three.
Gains in the Nasdaq were limited by declines in large-cap tech companies. Microsoft Corp  fell 1.5 percent to $47.97 while Netflix Inc  slid 2.1 percent to $360.28.
GameStop Corp  sank 13 percent to $37.86 a day after the video game retailer posted quarterly revenue and earnings well below expectations. The stock was the biggest decliner on the S&P 500.
The benchmark index's biggest gainers were Ross Stores  and Autodesk Inc , both of which rallied after results late Thursday. Ross jumped 7.3 percent to $89.27 while Autodesk was up 6.1 percent to $61.95.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 2,029 to 1,039, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,461 issues rose and 1,286 fell, for a 1.14-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 96 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 111 new highs and 44 new lows.
About 6.5 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data, above the month-to-date average of 6.35 billion.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

How Best to Tour the 9/11 Memorial MuseumAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

Indias richest eye slice of Alibabas mega $21.1-billion IPOComments
Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba.com, which is looking to raise a mammoth $21.1 billion (Rs 126.6 lakh crore) by listing on the United States stock market, is generating huge interest among investors worldwide, including among high net worth individuals in India.
According to investment banking and brokerage house executives, apart from high net worth individuals (HNIs), fund managers have also sounded out brokers to place orders with their foreign financial partners when the initial public offering (IPO) opens.
Alibaba and its selling shareholders, which include chairman Jack Ma, vice-chairman Joe Tsai, and US Internet giant Yahoo Inc, plan to sell 320.1 million American depository shares in the $60-$66 per share price range, and is set to eclipse Visa Inc’s $19.7-billion IPO in 2008, the biggest US initial share sale till date.
Alibaba runs an e-commerce business, including a business-to-business portal by the same name. The shares will be listed on the New York Stock Exchange, under the symbol BABA.
According to Reserve Bank of India guidelines, resident Indians can remit up to $125,000 (Rs 75 lakh) per year abroad for investments in, among other things, stocks. 
Indians can invest in the Alibaba IPO via an overseas trading account and some brokerages also offer the facility to invest in various stocks traded on US stock
exchanges. Also, there are several mutual funds in India, which have dedicated funds investing in US-listed corporations.
While large clients, particularly in the US and Europe, usually get priority from US underwriters, Indian HNIs are making an effort to at least get some shares in the highly anticipated IPO.

Six years after Lehman Brothers collapse  the world remains fragileComments
Six years have passed since the collapse of Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc on 15 September 2008 but rising asset prices in recent times would have us believe that world economy has moved on.
However, the pick-up in real economic activity has been painfully slow, there is a huge debt pile-up in government balance sheets, while the private sector’s deleveraging record has been mixed.
Sx charts try to answer the big question: Whether the world is headed for another bubble on the back of rising financial exuberance.
Read more at: http://read.ht/jAK

I d love to work with Shankar someday: Schwarzeneggerthriller films
Arnold Schwarzenegger is in Chennai for ‘I’ audio launch
It's fun coming to India, said Hollywood star Arnold Schwarzenegger, who was in Chennai for the audio launch of 'I' starring Vikram in the lead.
"I've come to India before and it's fun being here," he said at an interview.
Talking about Shankar, the director of 'I', he said, "He comes up with superb special effects in his films. I'd love to work with him someday soon."
Hollywood star Arnold Schwarzenegger on Monday arrived amidst tight security at the Chennai airport to attend the audio launch of Vikram-starrer “I”.
The audio launch is expected to take place on Monday evening at the Jawaharlal Nehru Indoor Stadium, where the star of the “Terminator” film series will share the dais with Tamil movie superstar Rajinikanth.
#Arnold in chennai airport to attend #I Audio launch pic.twitter.com/f7RkRwzYcV
— Hindu Talkies (@hindutalkies) September 15, 2014
“Arnold arrived with his entourage this morning. He is expected to meet Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J. Jayalalithaa in the afternoon. His team had sent a special request for the meeting,” a source from the film’s unit told IANS.
“A.R. Rahman will perform all the songs from the album live and will be supported by dancers, who will perform wearing the actual costumes and make-up from the film,” the source added.
Directed by Shankar, “I” also stars Amy Jackson, Suresh Gopi and Upen Patel in lead roles. The movie is expected to hit screens during Diwali festive season.
With additional inputs from IANS

Arnold Schwarzenegger meets JayalalithaaUpdated: September 15, 2014 19:30 IST
Arnold Schwarzenegger meets Jayalalithaa
Special Arrangement Hollywood actor and former Governor of California with Chief Minister Jayalalithaa at the Secretariat in Chennai on Monday, September 15, 2014.
TOPICS
arts, culture and entertainment
Hollywood action star Arnold Schwarzenegger on Monday met Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa at the Secretariat.
The 67-year-old actor, also the former Governor of California and Ms. Jayalalithaa interacted for nearly half an hour.
The details of the meeting are yet to be known.
Mr. Schwarzenegger, clad in a grey blazer, did not talk to waiting reporters but struck a pose for the shutterbugs and videographers who had come in good numbers.
He also gave a friendly wrap around the shoulders of a policeman on his security duty, drawing instant cheers from the cops and others around.
Eager state government staff also thronged to catch a glimpse of the Terminator star.
Mr. Schwarzenegger is here for the audio launch of director Shankar’s mega budget movie, I, starring Vikram and Amy Jackson. Oscar winner AR Rahman has scored the music for the film.

Sensex  Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cuesSensex, Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
PTI  Mumbai, September 15, 2014
First Published: 10:12 IST(15/9/2014) | Last Updated: 19:13 IST(15/9/2014)
Comments
Logging their worst single-day dropin over five weeks, Sensex on Monday fell 244.48 points to end at 26,816.56 and Nifty slid 63.50 points to 8,042 on losses in bluechips tracking tepid China data and US rate hike fears, even as August domestic inflation eased to nearly 5-year low.
 
The rupee depreciated against US dollar to 61.05, further dampening market sentiments, said equity brokers.
 
Selling in metal, IT, oil and gas, capital goods, banking, consumer durables, auto, PSU and FMCG stocks, dragged the down the Sensex which dipped below the 27,000-mark. There was, however, buying in healthcare stocks such Cipla and Dr Reddy.
 
The 30-share BSE Sensex opened in negative terrain and quickly dipped below 27,000-mark reacting to Friday's data that showed IIP growth slowed to four-month low in July.
 
Around noon, data showed wholesale inflation fell sharply to 3.74% in August to a nearly five-year low. However, investors appeared to ignore the WPI inflation figures.
 
The index finally settled down by 244.48 points, or 0.90%, at 26,816.56, its weakest closing since August 28. The 244.48-point loss is Sensex's worst drop since August 8.
 
Devang Mehta, Sr. VP & Head - Equity Advisory, Anand Rathi Financial Services, said: "Markets were nervous on the back of tepid IIP data. Sensex and Nifty constituents continued to correct after a fast & furious rally. Frontline stocks are also in a pause mode in anticipation of clearer hints from the US Federal Reserve later this week."  
Overall, 25 Sensex stocks declined while five led by Cipla, Dr Reddy, HDFC Bank, Hero MotoCorp and Infosys rose.
 
The 50-issue NSE Nifty slipped below the 8,100-level by falling 63.50 points, or 0.78%, to 8,042.00. The 63.50-point fall was its sharpest daily loss since August 8.
 
Asian markets retreated Monday after data at the weekend showed Chinese industrial output expanded in August at its slowest rate since the global financial crisis.
 
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) bought shares worth a net Rs. 182.80 crore on last Friday as per the provisional data issued by stock exchanges.
 
Sectorwise, the BSE Metal index suffered the most by losing 1.69%, followed by Oil & Gas index (down 0.96%), IT index (down 0.96%), Capital Goods index (0.89%) and FMCG index (0.76%).
 

Cognizant to buy TriZetto for $2.7 billion to boost healthcare businessCognizant to buy TriZetto for $2.7 billion to boost healthcare business
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Bangalore, September 15, 2014
First Published: 19:09 IST(15/9/2014) | Last Updated: 23:52 IST(15/9/2014)
Comments
In the largest acquisition by an India-centric IT services company, Cognizant Technology Solutions is set to buy US-based TriZetto for $2.7 billion ( Rs. 16,500 crore) from private equity firm Apax Partners in an all-cash deal.
The deal announced on Monday will help the company tap lucrative US opportunities in IT for healthcare and edge closer to category leader Tata Consultancy Services in terms of revenue.
The deal puts the spotlight on its 46-year-old co-founder and CEO Francisco D’Souza, Nairobi-born son of an Indian diplomat.
“Healthcare is undergoing structural shifts due to reform, cost pressure and shifting responsibilities between payers and providers. This creates a growth opportunity, which TriZetto will help us capture,” he said.
Though Nasdaq-listed $8.84-billion Cognizant has long since moved its headquarters from Chennai to New Jersey in the US, two-thirds of its 187,000 workforce and over half of its 75 delivery centres are in India and most of its leadership is of Indian origin.
Cognizant hopes this deal would help it gain advantage over its peers TCS, Infosys, Wipro and HCL for large outsourcing contracts from pharma, hospital and health insurance firms in the US.
The companies are under pressure to improve efficiencies in the light of the US president’s “Obamacare” law.
The combined healthcare unit will serve 245,000 healthcare providers and involve $3 billion ( Rs. 18,000 crore) in combined revenue.
“It is a strong strategic move by Cognizant, enabling the company to expand its reach as it has identified a partner which has extensive penetration in the healthcare provider ecosystem,” said Nishchal Khorana,  industry expert at consulting firm Frost & Sullivan.
Cognizant pipped Infosys to the No.2 position with a turnover of $ 8.84 billion in 2013. TCS, at $13.4 billion, is way ahead.

India s export growth slips to 2.35% at $26.95 bn in AugIndia's export growth slips to 2.35% at $26.95 bn in Aug
PTI  New Delhi, September 15, 2014
First Published: 20:09 IST(15/9/2014) | Last Updated: 20:52 IST(15/9/2014)
Continuing the downtrend, India's export growth slipped to 2.35% at $26.95 billion in August, pushing up trade deficit to $10.83 billion.
Advertisement
Gold imports have jumped significantly to $2.03 billion during the month under review from $738.7 million a year ago.
According to the ministry of commerce and industry's data, overall imports grew only 2.08% to $37.79 billion.
Exports in May and June had registered a growth of 12.4% and 10.22%, respectively. In July, export growth further slipped to 7.33%.
In April-August period, exports grew 7.31% to $134.79 billion.
Imports, however, dipped by 2.69% to $190.94 billion during the first five months of this financial year.
Trade deficit during the period (April-August) stood at $56.15 billion down from $70.6 billion during the same period last year.
Oil imports declined by 14.97% in August to $12.83 billion. However non-oil imports during the month under review were up by 13.82% to $24.95 billion.

ArcelorMittal  Gerdau to sell US steel mill for $770 millionArcelorMittal, Gerdau to sell US steel mill for $770 million
PTI  New Delhi/Luxembourg, September 15, 2014
First Published: 20:47 IST(15/9/2014) | Last Updated: 20:51 IST(15/9/2014)
Comments
World's biggest steel producer ArcelorMittal on Monday said it has inked a pact with Brazil's Gerdau to sell their 50% stakes in US-based Gallatin for $770 million, as part of its strategy to divest non-core assets.
"ArcelorMittal and Gerdau jointly announced today (Monday) that they have entered into a definitive transaction agreement to sell their respective 50% interests in Gallatin Steel Company (Gallatin) to Nucor Corporation for a total cash consideration of $770 million, subject to customary closing adjustments," the steel giant said in a statement.
Gallatin Steel is a joint venture between ArcelorMittal and Gerdau. Gallatin is a flat rolled mini-mill located in Gallatin County, Kentucky, USA that melts scrap, pig iron and hot briquetted iron from various sources, and processes the material to produce flat rolled steel.
It produces a wide range of steels from low to high carbon grades with an annual capacity of around 1.8 million tonnes.
"The sale of Gallatin unlocks substantial value for ArcelorMittal's shareholders and is consistent with ArcelorMittal's stated strategy of selective divestment of non-core assets. I would like to thank all our employees in Gallatin for their hard work and commitment during the years that we have co-owned this mill," said Aditya Mittal, CFO of ArcelorMittal.
"The decision to sell Gallatin was made in order for Gerdau to focus on its core assets in North America. On behalf of Gerdau's management, I would like to express gratitude to the whole team at Gallatin for their efforts in making Gallatin a great company", said Gerdau's chief executive officer (CEO) Andre B Gerdau Johannpeter.
The company said completion of the sale is subject to customary closing conditions, including expiration of the Hart Scott Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act waiting period. The closing of the transaction is not subject to any financing conditions and is expected to be realised by the end of 2014.
Gerdau is the leading manufacturer of long steel in the Americas and a major global supplier of special long steels.
The company recently began operations in two new Brazilian markets, with the production of flat steel and the expansion of its iron mining activities. Gerdau has industrial operations in 14 countries - the Americas, Europe and Asia - with a combined installed capacity of more than 25 million tonnes of steel a year. It is also Latin America's biggest recycler and, worldwide, transforms millions of tons of scrap metal into steel every year.
ArcelorMittal is the world's leading steel and mining company, with a presence in more than 60 countries and an industrial footprint in over 20 countries.

GM ignition-switch death toll hits 19  may grow  Feinberg says1
The compensation fund covers accidents involving about 2.6 million vehicles recalled for ignition switch failures. In those cases, the faulty switch can suddenly shut down the vehicle, turning off crucial functions such as the power steering and air bags.
The automaker knew about the problem for at least a decade but waited until earlier this year to start to recall the cars.
GM has accepted blame for the problem. An internal investigation cited poor communication and incompetence for the automaker's failure to recall the cars promptly. GM faces ongoing investigations by the NHTSA and Congress into why it delayed recalling the defective vehicles.
The payments awarded to ignition-switch crash victims will vary. For example, Feinberg said, a paralyzed 10-year-old child might get $7.8 million based on lost future earnings, while a parent with two children might receive $4 million after losing a spouse who earned $46,400 a year.
Feinberg is the sole decision maker on the size of the payments.
Victims or their heirs would have to give up the right to sue GM in order to receive the money.
Feinberg started accepting claims Aug. 1. The deadline to submit claims is Dec. 31.
Under his agreement with the automaker, GM does not have the right to veto an award. Moreover, the program has no cap. GM has said it will pay whatever Feinberg deems is appropriate for each claim.
Copyright © 2014, Chicago Tribune
Related Content

Rupeedipsto 1-mth low of 61.13 vsdollarComments
The Indian rupee fell 48 paise on Monday, its sharpest plunge in more than five weeks, closing at 61.13 against the dollar, the lowest since August 13.
Dollar demand from importers and fears of a imminent decision by the US Fed to raise interest rates triggered an outflow of the greenback pushing the rupee under pressure.
Forex dealers expect early hike in interest rates by Fed tracking an improving economy, which might induce foreign funds to withdraw money from emerging markets, including India.
Emerging economies such as India have been receiving large slices of these ultra-cheap money, which have boosted  equity and currency markets. The tide has since turned with funds flocking back home as investing in US bonds is getting more attractive. As dollars flow out of Indian markets, the rupee can depreciate. Besides, expectations of higher trade deficit data also kept the rupee under pressure.

Adidas launches smartwatch miCoach Smart Run at Rs24 999Adidas miCoach Smart Run uses optical technology to track heart rate from wrist, an in-built accelerometer counting every step to help monitor stride rate and GPS to track speed, distance and logs.
PTI | New Delhi | Posted: September 16, 2014 8:48 pm | Updated: September 17, 2014 1:39 pm
German sportswear major Adidas has joined the smartwatch bandwagon with its ‘miCoach Smart Run’, priced at Rs 24,999, which will allow users to monitor heart rate and play music.
The smartwatch, which will be available exclusively on Adidas website, will also allow runners to track their runs using GPS mapping.
“There are no cables, straps and additional sensors with this all-in-one device — Smart Run uses optical technology to track heart rate from wrist, an in-built accelerometer counting every step to help monitor stride rate and GPS to track speed, distance and logs,” it said in a statement.
The device which would have 1.45-inch color touch screen display and features a MP3 player with Bluetooth support. It also provides audible coaching guidance.
Adidas already offers a miCoach app on smartphones.
Smart wearables, as a category, is growing globally with the likes of Samsung, Motorola and Apple coming out with their smartphones across various price points.
While smartwatches from these firms are not dedicated to healthcare or athletics, most of these support apps like pedometer and heart rate monitor to help users monitor various bodily functions.

Adityanath says BJP lost as he was not allowed tocampaignBJP MP Yogi Adityanath.
Press Trust of India | Lucknow | Posted: September 16, 2014 8:44 pm | Updated: September 17, 2014 8:58 am
After BJP suffered a major blow in the politically-crucial state of Uttar Pradesh, its MP Yogi Adityanath on Tuesday blamed the Samajwadi Party government for not allowing him to campaign for the bypolls in 11 Assembly seats.
“The way police and administration have been politicised …I was not allowed to address election meetings and obstacles were created,” he said.
“We have won both Noida and Lucknow where I campaigned,” he said, adding his focus was on “development and Hindutva issues” during electioneering.
BJP’s star campaigner said, “Campaigning is important in, any election, but results depend upon how tickets are distributed and what is the organisational structure.
“I was not allowed to address public meetings and it is surprising that how the Election Commission did not take it seriously,” he said. Adityanath said, “I feel that a review of ticket distribution and strategy is important. Whether it is victory or defeat, it motivates a person to introspect. We will review everything and talk to the high command.”
He accused the state government of politicising police and the administration. Of the 11 Assembly seats that went to polls, BJP won only three. The party had won all these seats last time. Adityanath said he was allowed to campaign only for three days and during that period too the state government created problems for him.
The MP from Gorakhpur was not allowed by the authorities to address election meetings in the run-up to the bypolls and was booked for allegedly invoking religion while addressing a rally in support of the BJP candidate in Noida.
He accused the state government of influencing the outcome of the bypolls and said, “State ministers were openly flouting the Model Code and misusing the official machinery.” After a near-total sweep in Lok Sabha polls in Uttar Pradesh, BJP bit the dust in eight of the 11 Assembly seats where bypolls were held Saturday. Besides Lucknow East and Noida, the party won Saharanpur (City).
Meanwhile, state BJP President Laxmi Kant Bajpai accepted the party’s defeat in the bye-elections and said the reasons behind it would be reviewed. “The responsibility of defeat is mine and my team’s. The reasons behind the defeat will be reviewed. It has given us a lesson for Vidhan Sabha polls,” he said.

New Walgreen holding company to be based in Delaware0
Delaware is the corporate home to roughly 65 percent of all publicly traded companies in the United States and it registers the “vast majority” of new U.S. initial public offerings, said Richard J. Geisenberger, director of the state’s Division of Corporations. More than 1 million corporations, limited partnerships and limited liability companies are, at least on paper, incorporated in the state.
“I don’t have a lot to say, other than ‘Welcome to Delaware,’” Geisenberger said.
The state has long been home to a large number of corporations, in part because of its business-friendly and predictable corporate governance laws. It boasts a large concentration of legal, tax, audit and accounting experts, as well as a court of chancery that handles some of the nation’s most complex corporate issues.
 
And it has paid off. Delaware collects more than $1 billion each year in annual “franchise taxes” that business pay for incorporating there, Geisenberger said.
Walgreen, because of its size, would likely pay the maximum tax, or $180,000, he said.
Walgreen did not comment on its rationale for registering its holding company in Delaware.
But Portman, of the Taxpayers’ Federation, said the move is unsurprising.
“There’s nothing to be worried about,” she said. “If they said they’re moving to the Bahamas or the Cayman Islands or something, that might be worth looking into a little bit more. Delaware, on the other hand, is not.”
 

NASA Announcing Commercial Crew WinnersAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

The first dolphins of Japans annual hunting season have been killed at The CoveBy Sarah Larimer September 16 Follow @slarimer
Dolphins swim at the Taiji Aquarium in Japan in March. (Everett Kennedy Brown/European Pressphoto Agency)
Japan's controversial dolphin-hunting season is underway, and the marine conservation activists who monitor the annual event say the first animals have been killed in the waters near the town of Taiji.
The conservation group Sea Shepherd said eight or nine dolphins — "including one juvenile calf" — were " murdered " in Taiji's cove Tuesday, the Agence France-Presse news agency reported . Sea Shepherd also broadcast a livestream from the scene and posted pictures of the dolphins on its Facebook page .
"First dolphin murder of the drive hunt season is complete as dead bodies are dragged to Taiji butcherhouse," the group tweeted around midday Tuesday in Japan. An hour later, the group added : "Dolphin meat is being processed at Taiji butcher house right now. Local meat buyers will arrive shortly at the Fishermens Union."
A news service report in the Japan Times said the local fishermen's union confirmed the season's first catch.
"We caught 12 Risso's dolphins," a union representative said, according to the report. They were killed for their meat, he said, and there were no dolphins left in the bay.
The six-month hunting season began Sept. 1 ; but, AFP reported, bad weather delayed the annual catch, "in which people from the southwestern town corral hundreds of dolphins into a secluded bay and butcher them."
Taiji and Japan's dolphin hunt were the focus of the 2009 film "The Cove," which won an Academy Award for Best Documentary .
Caroline Kennedy, the U.S. ambassador to Japan, said in January that she was "deeply concerned by [the] inhumaneness of drive hunt dolphin killing."
Supporters of the cull, which include the Japanese government , say it continues a tradition and isn't against the law.
From AFP:
Defenders say it is a tradition and point out that the animals it targets are not endangered, a position echoed by the Japanese government.
They say Western objections are hypocritical and ignore the vastly larger number of cows, pigs and sheep butchered to satisfy demand elsewhere.
But critics of the practice say there is insufficient demand for the animals' meat, which in any case contains dangerous levels of mercury.
According to the report in the Japan Times , Tuesday's dolphin kill came the day after "the sharply split International Whaling Commission meeting opened in Slovenia ... where Japan is expected to announce its controversial plans to resume Antarctic whaling."
Sarah Larimer is a general assignment reporter for the Washington Post.

Stocks Move Higher in Early Afternoon as Fed MeetsAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

Affordable  thriving cities across the U.S.Affordable, thriving cities across the country
Caption Corpus Christi, Texas
Denis Tangney/Getty
Affordable housing is a big selling point for Corpus Christi, which sits beside the Gulf of Mexico in South Texas.
Affordable housing is a big selling point for Corpus Christi, which sits beside the Gulf of Mexico in South Texas. (Denis Tangney/Getty)
Caption Round Rock, Texas
Kimberly Brotherman/Getty
Located in central Texas, Round Rock has plenty to offer anyone looking for an affordable place to live and work.
Located in central Texas, Round Rock has plenty to offer anyone looking for an affordable place to live and work. (Kimberly Brotherman/Getty)
The job market in Lincoln, Neb., is booming.
The job market in Lincoln, Neb., is booming. (Eric Francis/Getty)
Caption Norman, Okla.
Brett Deering/Getty
When it comes to finding things to do in Norman, Okla., residents have lots of frugal options, many of which revolve around their beloved Sooners.
When it comes to finding things to do in Norman, Okla., residents have lots of frugal options, many of which revolve around their beloved Sooners. (Brett Deering/Getty)
Caption Temple, Texas
Temple Convention & Visitors Bureau
Temple, Texas, has the second-lowest overall cost of living and the second-lowest median home value, at a mere $113,200.
Temple, Texas, has the second-lowest overall cost of living and the second-lowest median home value, at a mere $113,200. (Temple Convention & Visitors Bureau)
Job Market Unemployment and Layoffs Oklahoma Sooners Berkshire Hathaway Inc. Round Rock Express
The cheapest places to live aren't necessarily the best places to live. Cities with super-low living costs can suffer from high unemployment, poverty and a lack of services. So while cost of living is an important consideration in choosing where you settle down, it's equally important to gauge the strength of the local economy and the job market.
With this in mind, we set out to identify inexpensive cities where you would actually want to live, based on economic health and affordability. We started with the 100 cheapest cities in the U.S., based on cost of living, and then whittled the list down. We required that each city have below-average living costs, high household incomes relative to the cost of living and an unemployment rate below the national average. We also looked for places that offer residents access to fun, low-cost things to do. Cities with populations below 50,000 didn't make the cut.
Round Rock, Texas
Cost of living: 9.4% below U.S. average
Median household income: $69,998 (U.S.: $53,046)
Unemployment rate: 4.4% (U.S.: 6.1%)
Why you'll like living here: Big-city salaries and the small-town prices. About 15 miles north of Austin, Round Rock has plenty to offer. Living costs are low — groceries, for example, are about 17 percent cheaper than the national average. Job prospects are promising. The area's major employers include Dell and motor-maker TECO-Westinghouse. Another financial perk of living in Texas: no state income tax.
Cheap family fun can be found at Round Rock Express baseball games, the triple-A affiliate of the Texas Rangers.
Cedar Rapids, Iowa
Cost of living: 8.1% below U.S. average
Median household income: $52,242
0
Why you'll like living here: There's a lot more to Iowa than cornfields and butter sculptures. High on the list is affordable housing. In Cedar Rapids, Iowa's second-largest city, the median home value is $131,300, about $50,000 less than the national median. Cheap houses make the city intriguing for young professionals and families, and the area's well-educated workforce is appealing to employers. Fortune 500 company Rockwell Collins is headquartered here, and the city also serves as the hub of Iowa's Creative Corridor.
The city has a high concentration of libraries, museums and parks.
Temple, Texas
Cost of living: 12.9% below U.S. average
Median household income: $51,192
Why you'll like living here: It's home to the only Macy's between Austin and Dallas.
The small Texas city, which is an hour's drive from Austin, has the second-lowest overall cost of living and the second-lowest median home value, at a mere $113,200.
Transportation costs are low too, clocking in a full 14 percent below the national average. That's welcome news to workers who commute to good-paying jobs at major area employers, such as Scott & White Health Care; Fikes Wholesale, a fuel supplier; and Wilsonart, a laminate-maker. A one-way trip on the city's public transportation system costs just $1.
Lincoln, Neb.
Cost of living: 10.3% below U.S. average
Median household income: $49,504
Why you'll like living here: Jobs, jobs and more jobs. The job market in Lincoln is booming. The Nebraska capital has the lowest unemployment rate of all the cities on this list, with the government doing much of the hiring. Private employers span several industries, including insurance, health care, transportation and manufacturing. An added bonus is that the city's average commute time to work is 17 minutes. After work, locals flock to the Railyard Entertainment District, which opened last year.
Finding a place to call home won't break the bank, either. The median home value is $142,200.
Norman, Okla.
Cost of living: 16.2% below U.S. average
Median household income: $48,248
Why you'll like living here: Two words: Go Sooners!
Jobs are plentiful and costs are low in this Oklahoma city. The unemployment rate is low, and no other city on this list beats Norman's exceptionally low cost of living. For example, overall housing costs are 28 percent lower than in the nation as a whole. The biggest employer is the University of Oklahoma. Residents have lots of frugal things to do, many of which revolve around their beloved Sooners.
Durham, N.C.
Cost of living: 7.3% below U.S. average
Median household income: $48,241
Why you'll like living here: Southern charm on a shoestring. Along with Raleigh and Chapel Hill, Durham is part of North Carolina's Research Triangle, which serves as the hub of the Tar Heel State's biotechnology industry. Forty percent of the region's biotech jobs are in Durham.
Living costs, such as utility and transportation expenses, are well below the national average, which helps offset higher housing prices.
Corpus Christi, Texas
Cost of living: 7.9% below U.S. average Median household income: $47,029
Why you'll like living here: Sitting beside the Gulf of Mexico in South Texas, Corpus Christi is sometimes referred to as the "Sparkling City by the Sea." The nearby Padre Island National Seashore offers miles of shoreline that are ripe for camping, fishing, birding and beachcombing. In town, the Bay Trail skirts the waterfront and connects many of the city's attractions. Affordable housing is a big selling point. The median home value is $112,700. The city government runs a program to help qualifying homebuyers with down payments and closing costs. Military facilities provide plenty of jobs, including jobs for civilians, as do hospitals, schools and city agencies. And given the proximity to the Gulf as well as Houston, it's no surprise there are ample employment opportunities in the offshore-drilling and petroleum-refining industries.
Omaha, Neb.
Cost of living: 12.8% below U.S. average
Median household income: $46,978
Why you'll like living here: It's good enough for Warren Buffett. The head of Berkshire Hathaway still resides in the Omaha home he purchased for $31,500 in 1958. Everyday items, such as groceries, will cost you much less in Omaha compared with most other cities.
Unemployment in Omaha runs a mere 3.9 percent. Berkshire Hathaway, ConAgra and Mutual of Omaha — all of which are Fortune 500 companies — are headquartered in the city.

Live Cricket Score  CLT20  MI vs NK: NK beat  knockout MIKane Willaimson and Devcich provided the platform to chased down Mumbai's 132 by adding 83 runs for the first wicket. (Source: BCCI)
Press Trust of India | Raipur | Posted: September 16, 2014 6:58 pm | Updated: September 17, 2014 1:11 am
Relive the action!
LIVE SCORECARD: MI vs NK
BALL BY BALL COMMENTARY
Defending champions Mumbai Indians paid the price for their indifferent show, crashing out of the Champions League T20 as a committed Northern Knights from New Zealand overpowered them with a one-sided six-wicket victory in the final qualifying round match, on Tuesday.
Apart from Northern, the other team that qualified for the main round was Pakistan’s Lahore Lions, who won two of their three matches while MI had the ignominy of being the first ever defending champions in six editions, who were ousted in the preliminary round. Lions incidentally are first team from Pakistan to qualify for CLT20 main round.
After being out into bat, Mumbai Indians scored a below par 132 for nine in 20 overs with none of their batsmen scoring big on a pitch that aided medium pacers. Tim Southee and Scott Styris took three wickets apiece.
In reply, Kane Williamson (53 off 36 balls) presented copybook technique with calculated assault as an opening partnership of 83 with left-hander Anton Devcich sealed the issue for the ‘Pink Panthers’ in only 17.2 overs.
Devcich, on his part, scored 39 as batting became easier during second half with dew factor coming into play.
It was a treat to watch Williamson’s batting. Dubbed as a player for longer versions, the young Black Caps batsman showed the virtue of proper technique as he repeatedly danced charged down the track to spinners reaching to the pitch of the deliveries while playing the lofted shot.
Yet his second 50 in the tournament came off 32 balls as he reached the landmark with a straight six and a four off Harbhajan Singh’s bowling.
In all, Williamson, hit seven boundaries and a six before his uppish drive of Jasprit Bumrah delivery was taken by Pollard at short cover.
BJ Watling was out when Harbhajan plucked a catch out off thin air off Bumrah’s bowling but by then Northern were well on course to reach the target.
Earlier, Mumbai Indians batting floundered, yet again as the high-profile franchise could manage only 132 for nine in their ‘do-or-die’ final qualifying game after being put into bat by Northern skipper Daniel Flynn.
Save skipper Kieron Pollard, who scored 31 off 24 balls, none of the Mumbai Indians batsmen displayed enough firepower against a disciplined Northern bowling attack which used the sluggish pitch to good effect.
It was young Shreyas Gopal, who smashed 24 off 12 balls, who took MI past 130-run mark.
While 39-year-old Styris (3/21) had the best figures among the bowlers, it was Southee (3/24), who was both deadly and economical in his first three overs before Gopal took him apart in the final over of the innings.
At the start, Mike Hussey (7) got impatient as he tried to give Southee the charge in the fourth over of the innings but couldn’t get the continued…

Did not receive any letter on PPP audit from Vinod Rai  says ChidambaramSep 16, 2014 at 10:38pm IST
Did not receive any letter on PPP audit from Vinod Rai, says Chidambaram
7
0
New Delhi: Former Finance Minister P Chidambaram on Tuesday said that he did not receive any communication from ex-CAG Vinod Rai on the audit of PPP projects. "I do not recall any address to me by the CAG on the subject. I have since confirmed that no letter was addressed to me," he said in an emailed statement.
He further said there were some letters addressed to the then Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee in 2010 and they were dealt with at the level of additional secretary and economic affairs secretary.
"The file was not put up to me after I returned to the Ministry of Finance in August 2012," Chidambaram said. He further said there was regular correspondence on the audit of Public Private Partnership (PPP) projects between the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) and Ministry of Finance. "But no final view has been taken by the government," he said while responding to the interviews given by Rai.
"I do not recall any address to me by the CAG on the subject. I have since confirmed that no letter was addressed to me," the former finance minister said.
Rai alleged that he had written letters to former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, Mukherjee and Chidambaram, but did not receive any response.
0

BJP s Laxmikant Bajpai blames SP for communal clashes in UP  love jihadWatch: Self-styled 'godman' Rampal in jail
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Jadavpur University molestation case: Students hold protest  demand fresh probe47
0
Kolkata: The students of Jadavpur University in Kolkata held a massive protest outside the university campus on Tuesday night. The agitating students were demanding a fresh probe into a molestation incident in which a woman student was dragged to the men's hostel and sexually assaulted by a group of ten men after a college fest.
The incident happened in August and was reported in the first week of September.
The protesting students alleged that the college was conducting an internal probe into the incident in an unfair manner and that workers of the Trinamool Congress party were forcing them to end their protest.
A woman student was dragged to the men's hostel and sexually assaulted by a group of ten men after a college fest in August.
Police has been deployed inside the campus.
57

Southwest U.S. braces for flooding as Odiles tropical moisture surges northBy Angela Fritz September 16 Follow @angelafritz
Infrared satellite image of Tropical Storm Odile shows rainfall spreading north into the Southwest U.S. on Tuesday afternoon. ( Weather Underground )
Tropical Storm Odile, once a category four hurricane, is setting its sights on the Southwest U.S. this week, after ravaging the Baja California peninsula with torrential rain, high winds, and devastating floods.
Forecasters at the Weather Prediction Center are cautioning that four to six inches of rain could fall in southeast Arizona and southwest New Mexico over the next three days, due to Odile’s tropical moisture. To put that amount in perspective, it took fewer than three inches of rain to trigger extensive, historical flooding in Phoenix earlier this month.
Related: Hurricane Odile ravages Cabo San Lucas
Odile, which has weakened to a tropical storm since its initial landfall in Cabo San Lucas on Sunday night, is forecast to turn northwest and surge into Arizona and New Mexico over the next few days. Moderate rainfall has already started in the southern half of those states, as Odile’s northernmost rain band is sweeping north across the Southwest.
72-hour forecast precipitation over the southwest U.S. from Tropical Storm Odile. (Weather Prediction Center)
Strong thunderstorms with heavy rain will begin to spread across the region on Wednesday. Flash flood watches , which are in effect from Wednesday through Thursday afternoon, blanket the Southwest, from Las Vegas, Nev., to Phoenix, Ariz., and El Paso, Texas.
Already soaked: Phoenix sees wettest day on record, flooding shuts down interstates
The soil in many parts of the Southwest, and Arizona in particular, are already saturated from a surge of tropical moisture from Hurricane Norbert earlier in September. After Norbert, Odile will be the second Baja hurricane to inundate the Southwest U.S. with heavy rainfall, and it might not be the last. Tropical Storm Polo , which is about 280 miles south of Acapulco, Mexico on Tuesday afternoon, is expected to track north-northwest toward the Baja peninsula over the next five days.
Flash Flood Watches are in effect for much of the Southwest US as moisture from #Odile moves in. pic.twitter.com/wq0qyVGcfp

Joe Theismann stands by his preseason comments that Kirk Cousins was outplaying RGIIIBy Dan Steinberg September 16 Follow @dcsportsbog
(By Jonathan Newton / The Washington Post)
“Let’s stop beating around the bush,” Joe Theismann said during the Redskins preseason . “Kirk Cousins has played much better at the quarterback position than Robert Griffin III has….If there was a quarterback competition, it wouldn’t be a competition. Kirk Cousins would be the man I believe [Washington] would have to go to.”
Because of circumstances, Kirk Cousins is now the man Washington has to go to . And so Theismann was asked this week whether he took heat for singing Cousins’s praises several weeks ago.
“Actually I did,” Theismann told the Dan LeBatard Show . “And everybody sort of jumped my bones, because I mentioned the fact that if you were to just have a competition during the preseason, and watch the way Robert worked — with the adjustments to a new system, a new setup and a lot of different things — and you watched the way Kirk worked, there would be no question that Kirk would be the guy who was much more comfortable and should have been the quarterback. That wasn’t the way it was. Robert Griffin III was the quarterback of the Washington Redskins, he was the starting quarterback. I was evaluating performances….
“Kirk is a natural drop-back passer,” Theismann said. “And when I think of the three years that Jay Gruden spent with Andy Dalton, I see Kirk Cousins as an extension of Andy Dalton. Robert brings a gift of athleticism to get outside the pocket and make plays, but he still had never really worked in a system like he was being asked to do. And he got better and better, but Kirk was already there….
“And Kirk can move, too,” Theismann said. “He’s not Tom Brady or Peyton [Manning] that just basically operates exclusively out of a pocket. So yeah, I caught a little bit of heat for it, but I was making an observation of what I saw in performance.”
Later, Theismann was asked which quarterback he would turn to if both were healthy and an NFC East title were on the line.
“I know it’s a loaded question, and I congratulate you on presenting it,” Theismann quipped. “If the Redskins are in a position to make the playoffs and Kirk Cousins has played well enough through the course of the season say into week 10 or 11, I think you have to stay with the hot hand.”
Then Theismann compared it to Colin Kaepernick taking over for Alex Smith in San Francisco.
“Alex got hurt, Colin went in and did the job, and Jim [Harbaugh] made the decision to stay with Colin,” Theismann said. “And Alex is in Kansas City and Colin’s there. I think it’ll depend on how Kirk plays, and it’ll depend on how well Robert is able to rehab and get himself back in shape to be the quarterback of this football team.”
Still, Theismann argued that Griffin can one day be a great quarterback even without running.
“Because I saw progress with him working out of the pocket,” Theismann said. “He was getting better and better. And this is really the rub and the unfortunate aspect of what happened to him [Sunday], is the time that he could have invested and would have been able to invest in these next games as the season goes on. I think he would have been more and more comfortable in Jay’s system. He would have been more and more comfortable as a drop-back passer. You could see it happening. It’s just it’s not a light switch….
“Learning a new system, working basically out of a pocket, where if you’re not used to that — if you don’t do it in college, if you don’t do it in your early years as a pro, it’s an adjustment that has to be made. And so Robert was basically faced with that kind of a situation, but I saw him getting better and better and better. And yeah, I think he can do it.”
Dan Steinberg writes about all things D.C. sports at the D.C. Sports Bog.

UN: One in every nine people in the world is still chronically hungryBy Roberto A. Ferdman September 16 Follow @robferdman
There's plenty of food, but not everyone is being fed. (Pat Roque/AP Photo)
The good news is that there are 200 million fewer people suffering from undernourishment today than there were 20 years ago. The bad news is that more than 800 million are still chronically hungry.
The latest Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) estimates, which were included in a new report released Tuesday  by the United Nations, found significant declines in the number of hungry people around the world, including more than 100 million people over the past decade alone. The global rate of undernourishment has fallen from just under 19 percent to just over 11 percent since 1992, and from 23.4 to 13.5 percent in developing countries, over the same period.
Latin America and the Caribbean, a region that has historically been plagued by hunger, has made particularly impressive progress in its efforts to eradicate hunger—the number of undernourished people living in the region has fallen nearly by half, from 69 million to 37 million, since 1992. Asia made considerable strides, too—the number of hungry people living in the region has fallen by more than 215 million over the same period. In China alone the number has fallen by 138 million.
In percentage terms, some of the improvements are even more encouraging. In Southeast Asia, for instance, nearly a third of the population suffered from chronic undernourishment between 1990 and 1992, but that share has since fallen to just over 10 percent. And in Latin America, it has fallen from 14.4 percent to 5.1 percent over the same period.
But the reality, however improved, is still grim.
"Despite overall progress in developing countries as a whole, large differences remain across regions," the report says, pointing to large swaths of Asia and Africa that are still plagued by chronic hunger. In Sub-Saharan Africa more than 200 million are still undernourished,  nearly 40 million more than 20 years ago. And Asia, despite its progress, is still home to 526 million people who are chronically hungry—more than two-thirds of the total number globally.
Globally, declines in hunger have fallen short of targets in both raw number and percentage terms.
Curbing world hunger is not merely a matter of producing more food, because insufficient food isn't actually the issue—there is enough food to feed all seven billion people living in the world today.
The reasons hunger exists are instead more closely tied to infrastructural shortcomings, which have made problems like natural disasters, war, displacement, poverty, and wastage more difficult to overcome. The UN delineates the symptoms of such issues on its website .
Hunger exists because of conflict and war, which destroy the chance to earn a decent living. It exists because poor people don’t have access to land to grow viable crops or keep livestock, or to steady work that would give them an income to buy food. It exists because people sometimes use natural resources in ways that are not sustainable. It exists because there is not enough investment in the rural sector in many countries to support agricultural development. Hunger exists because financial and economic crises affect the poor most of all by reducing or eliminating the sources of income they depend on to survive.
Food waste, in particular, has emerged as a serious global problem. Nearly a third of food produced around the world is wasted today, according to the UN . And the problem is often most severe in developed countries, where the fact that hunger is so prevalent in certain parts of the world is more likely to be taken for granted. Look no further than the United States, where some 40 percent of food  still goes uneaten.
Roberto A. Ferdman is a reporter for Wonkblog covering food, economics, immigration and other things. He was previously a staff writer at Quartz.

Some insurers ignore health-care law requirement to bill separately for abortionsBy Abby Phillip September 16 Follow @abbydphillip
(Mike Segar/Reuters)
Most of the insurance companies surveyed by the Government Accountability Office did not bill separately for the cost of abortion coverage, which is a requirement in the Affordable Care Act.
In a report released Tuesday that was commissioned by Republican lawmakers, the GAO reported that of 18 health insurance providers, 17 did not comply with that part of the law. This policy was a key reason some antiabortion Democrats agreed to sign on to the law when it was passed by Congress in 2010.
The GAO survey wasn't statistically representative of all insurance plans, so the finding can't be generalized across the country. But the insurers surveyed represented about one quarter of the qualified health plans offered in the U.S. that covered elective abortions.
In most cases, insurers estimated that the cost of covering abortion services was less than $1 a month per enrollee, but the plans are required to itemize those costs separately. According to the report, 17 providers said the cost of covering abortions were less than $1 a month, and most of those providers — all but two — said that they rounded the sum up to comply with another requirement in the law that the cost of covering the services should be no less than $1. The estimated costs ranged from as little as as 10 cents per enrollee per month to $1.10 cents per enrollee per month.
The two insurers that did itemize the costs separately labeled them as charges "for coverage of services for which member subsidies may not be used."
The provision in the law prohibits taxpayers from footing the bill for "non-excepted" abortion services (for pregnancies that are not a result of rape or incest or ones that do not threaten the life of the mother) through subsidies or tax credits. As a result, the cost of covering those services are supposed to be billed to the enrollees separately.
Antiabortion lawmakers said the report confirms their belief that the ACA illegally provides tax breaks and government subsidies to fund abortion, contrary to President Obama's assurances.
"In an 11th-hour ploy to garner a remnant of pro-life congressional Democrats absolutely needed for passage of Obamacare, the president issued an executive order on March 24, 2010, that said: ‘The Act maintains current Hyde Amendment restrictions governing abortion policy and extends those restrictions to newly created health insurance exchanges,' " said Rep. Chris Smith (R-N.J.), co-chairman of the Bipartisan Congressional Pro-Life Caucus. “It turns out that those ironclad promises made by the president himself are absolutely untrue.”
The Hyde Amendment is a law that prohibits federal funding from going to non-excepted abortion services.
The Department of Health and Human Services acknowledged that the report highlighted a need for further enforcement and clarification of the ACA rules.
“CMS will work with stakeholders, including states and issuers, so they fully understand and comply with the federal law prohibiting the use of federal funds for abortions," said HHS spokesman Ben Wakana in a statement.
The 10 states surveyed were California, Colorado, Connecticut, Georgia, Maryland, New Jersey, New York, Oregon, Texas and Washington.
The 18 insurers surveyed by the GAO provided insurance in 10 of the 28 states that allow "non-excepted" abortions to be covered by health insurance plans. The remaining 23 states all have laws that prohibit non-excepted abortions from being covered in some or all cases. There are 1,036 health plans that allow non-excepted abortions, and 1,062 health plans that do not.
Abby Phillip is a general assignment national reporter for the Washington Post. She can be reached at abby.phillip@washpost.com . On Twitter: @abbydphillip

Fair deal for transgendersUpdated: September 16, 2014 00:43 IST
Fair deal for transgenders
social issues (general)
The Union Social Justice Ministry’s move to seek clarifications and modifications to the Supreme Court’s April 15, 2014 judgment that directed that the transgender community be formally recognised as the ‘third gender’ and accorded backward class reservation in education and employment has some validity, but it also indicates some misunderstanding of the landmark ruling. The Court had directed that the recommendations of an expert committee, formed earlier to study the problems of the transgender community, be implemented within six months in the light of its legal declaration. The government now says the committee had submitted its report on January 27 itself — months before the verdict — and that it would require more than six months to implement the recommendations. The Court would have noted its contents, more crucially, the panel’s comprehensive definition of ‘transgender’ in a manner that would not leave out anyone from that marginalised section, had it been brought to its notice in time. The Ministry has also sought to make an issue out of some observations regarding ‘transgender’ being used as an umbrella term to include lesbian, gay and bisexual individuals too. The government is right when it says giving a wider sense to the term ‘transgender’ may create needless complications, but it has failed to note that the judgment unequivocally states, not once but twice, that it is restricting itself to hijras and other variants of the term, excluding categories such as lesbian and gay.
The judgment essentially dealt with two major aspects — one, that gender identity is not a mere binary concept; and two, that a section of society is vulnerable to discrimination based on apparent non-conformity to such a binary notion of gender as well as sexual orientation. In principle, it has made non-discrimination against the entire marginalised community a constitutional norm. The Ministry may require some more time or feel entitled to a clarification or two, but it is difficult to believe that it finds the references to the LGBT community and the term ‘eunuch’ in the judgment to be major obstacles to complying with the directions. Also, it has raised a doubt whether transgenders can be straightaway declared backward when such classification is within the province of the National Commission for Backward Classes. This is hardly an insurmountable difficulty. The Commission may be approached for such an enquiry and recommendation, as the reasons to consider them backward are already set out in the judgment. The clarification petition may be an opportunity for the Court to marry its own legal declaration with the expert panel’s conclusions so that the transgender community gets the constitutional relief it is entitled to.

Mercedes-Benz launches first plug-in hybrid  S5501
The full-size luxury car competes directly with the Porsche Panamera plug-in hybrid and the Tesla Model S . Competitors may also include the Cadillac ELR, which is a luxury plug-in hybrid coupe, and the BMW i8 , which is a luxury plug-in hybrid sports car.
The only all-electric model in the Mercedes-Benz stable is the compact 2015 B-Class Electric Drive , which is on sale now for $42,375 in California and the nine states that follow California’s EV protocol. Nationwide rollout is expected in early 2015.
The S550 has a 20-mile all-electric and “emission-free” range. Mercedes says the plug-in hybrid produces 42 percent less C02 emissions than the gas variant. The top electric speed is 87 mph, though it really tops out at 130 mph with the full system. Charge time is estimated at two hours and 45 minutes. The port is located in the rear of the car, and the compact “energy storage unit” of 3.4 cubic feet is in the trunk. Mercedes-Benz boasts that the space is used sparingly, giving it the most trunk capacity (12.2 cubic feet) among plug-in hybrids.
The Model S has a cargo space of 26.3 cubic feet because the battery is laid flat between the axles, similar to the design of the B-Class Electric Drive, whose battery pack was assembled at Tesla’s Fremont, Calif., factory.   
Availability and pricing have not been released, but we expect to see the S550 plug-in hybrid in the latter half of 2015 in the usual EV tester states for a price about 20 percent more than the $94,400 starting price of the S550 gas variant. It should qualify for state rebates and at least a partial federal tax credit. The Panamera gets about $4,750 of the possible $7,500 credit, while the ELR gets the full credit. Fuel efficiency ratings were not available.

Mercedes-Benz B-Class offers luxury in an economic electrified package0
Long available in Europe, the B-Class has only been offered for lease in the U.S. as a hydrogen fuel cell electric vehicle, and only in the L.A. area. The B-Class Electric Drive is an updated second generation, optimized for electrification with a taller, battery-accommodating floor. That's most noticeable from the seats, which, as a result, are jacked up and feel tall for a compact.
Mercedes claims a range of 85 miles per charge. In the morning I drove the car, it had a projected range of 80 miles, fully charged, and it used that range at a rate of 1.1 miles for every true mile driven. That was impressive.
Anyone who's spent any time driving an EV understands how non-linear its range prediction can be. Like any car, how far it travels on a given amount of fuel depends on how it is driven, but EVs are particularly sensitive to speed and hills. With the Mercedes Electric Drive, drivers have more options for control.
In addition to a button that toggles between full-torque sport mode and range-extending eco, there are steering-wheel paddles. Instead of the paddles controlling up and down shifts, however, they let drivers manually adjust the amount of regenerative braking, and thus the kinetic energy that's captured from slowing and returned to the battery to propel the car. The Cadillac ELR uses a similar system.
When I first started out on my drive, I was gliding in "D" mode, where the level of regen was so low as to be indiscernible. Pressing the left paddle to "D-" slowed the car immediately without using the brakes, and it kept the accelerator pedal resistance at a more aggressive level, negating the need to brake, similar to the Model S. The higher the level of regen, the more pushback there is on the pedal when released, the less need to play footsy with the brake and accelerator.
Pressing the opposite paddle reduces the amount of resistance. A separate button on the center console automates the regen, using short-range radar in the front bumper that automatically slows the car based on following distance behind another vehicle. It isn't capable, however, of bringing the car to a complete stop.
What's most impressive about the B-Class, however, is how much it retains the feel of a real Mercedes. What separates a luxury vehicle from mass market is the details, and Mercedes hasn't skimped.
The ride quality is solid, its steering firm, the cabin so quiet I couldn't even hear the whir of the electric motor. A leather interior is standard, as are safety features such as active parking assist and forward collision avoidance. Then there are the Mercedes-isms, such as the Harman/Kardon stereo; the seat-shaped seat adjustment on each front door; the knurled knobs for the audio, climate and screen controls; and the soft-release doors on the center console cubbies.
I've been leasing a 2012 Nissan Leaf for the past 2 1/2 years, so each time a new battery electric vehicle comes on the market, it isn't just for review. I'm actually shopping.
When my lease comes due early next year, I will most likely buy a battery electric outright since I'm sold on the technology. The range is workable for my lifestyle. Its cost of operation is a small fraction compared with a gas-powered car. I already own a level 2 charger. And I want to take advantage of the $7,500 federal tax credit before it expires in 2016.
I've driven every pure electric car on the market, from the Tesla Model S and Roadster to the now-defunct Coda, the Chevy Spark EV , the Fiat 500e, the BMW i3 , the Nissan Leaf and now the Mercedes-Benz B-Class Electric Drive. If cost weren't an issue, the Tesla Model S would get my money. But I'm a single mom and a journalist, so my aspirations are more modest. And I can say that the ones most in contention for purchase are the Spark, the Leaf and the new Mercedes B-Class.
The Mercedes offers the most luxurious EV experience one can buy without stepping up to a Tesla.
That said, there is a down side to the Mercedes that is surprisingly un-forward-thinking. It lacks a fast-charging port. With the built-in level 2, at least it fully recharges in just 3.5 hours.
2015 MERCEDES-BENZ B-CLASS ELECTRIC DRIVE:
Powertrain: 28-kilowatt-hour lithium-ion battery, 132-kilowatt electric motor, direct-drive transmission with multiple drive modes and adjustable regenerative braking
Horsepower: 177
0 to 60 mph acceleration: 7.9 seconds
Top speed: 100 mph
Charge time: 3.5 hours (using level 2 charger)
Curb weight: 3,924 lbs.

Tribune Publishing buying stake in content creation firm Contend0
“Brands today seek creative solutions that help them connect emotionally with audiences, and our partnership with Contend marries our deep reach with advertisers with Contend’s exceptional storytelling capabilities,” Bill Adee, executive vice president of digital for Tribune Publishing, said in a  statement. “Together, we provide marketers with short- and long-form storytelling solutions that engage and activate audiences.”
Tribune Publishing and Contend produced an inaugural campaign for the Jewel-Osco grocery chain, a series of videos featuring Chicagoans talking about the grocery store. The series, “Something Fresh,” is on Jewel’s website and other platforms. 
“Contend and Tribune Publishing share a common DNA for creative storytelling, and that’s significant for companies seeking partners to help their messages come to life across all apertures,” Steven Amato, founder and CEO of Contend, said in a statement.
Launched this year, Los Angeles-based Contend has 27 employees embedded at Tribune Publishing offices in Los Angeles and Chicago.

Chicagoan Ben Weprin launches Graduate Hotels0
Weprin's AJ Capital Partners will spend up to $500 million on the brand, having raised money from investors including Hong Kong-based Gaw Capital Partners. The company declined to reveal additional backers or the amount of their investments. It has hired Christian Strobel from California's Joie de Vivre boutique chain to run the company.
Weprin, who launched AJ Capital in 2008, has four hotel projects in Chicago: the former Chicago Athletic Association on South Michigan Avenue, set to open next year; Hotel Lincoln in the Lincoln Park neighborhood, home to the restaurant Perennial Virant; Thompson Chicago in the Gold Coast, home to the Nico Osteria restaurant; and the West Loop's newly opened SoHo House, which doubles as a private club.
All these deals are partnerships with California billionaire John Pritzker's Geolo Capital, billionaire Neil Bluhm's Walton Street Capital and Chicago developer Jeff Shapack, whose portfolio is concentrated in the West Loop, among others.
"Hotel Lincoln was the genesis for what we're doing in these (college) markets," Weprin said. "Unique, distinctive, where there are a lack of hotels that reflect the personalities of their surroundings. The Hotel Lincoln feels like Lincoln Park."
This is the first time Weprin, a native of Dayton, Ohio, has launched a brand. The Tempe (Arizona State) and Athens (University of Georgia) locations are scheduled to open in October.
"Unlike others who wait for deals to be served up in front of them, that's not how Ben does deals," Shapack said. "He goes out. He creates the deals."
Weprin said he hopes Graduate "disrupts" the hotel market in these college towns. Evanston could use some of that.

Therese Fauerback on the key to getting the right customersTherese Fauerbach, The Northridge Group
Therese Fauerbach
Therese Fauerbach, president and CEO of The Northridge Group, Inc.
Therese Fauerbach, president and CEO of The Northridge Group, Inc. (The Northridge Group)
A CEO discusses the key to getting the right customers
'If your customers go bankrupt, you feel it'
Some companies experience growth in an instant, an inflection point that takes things from good to great. Therese Fauerbach, CEO and co-founding partner of consulting services organization The Northridge Group, said more than 15 years of running her own business have produced several such moments. And she credits her network with helping her manage them.
UPDATE: THERESE FAUERBACH, THE NORTHRIDGE GROUP | Some companies experience growth in an instant, an inflection point that takes things from good to great. Therese Fauerbach, CEO and co-founding partner of consulting services organization The Northridge Group, said more than 15 years of running... ( Amina Elahi )
In 1999, Northridge could hardly handle the flow of business coming from Internet companies, Fauerbach said. A former executive at communications giant MCI, Fauerbach said her expertise in telecommunications drew clients from across the country. But when the dot-com bubble burst, four of her clients went bankrupt and she nearly didn’t get paid.
Fauerbach said she realized simply having clients was not as valuable as having the right ones.
“If your customers go bankrupt, you feel it,” Fauerbach said. “You need to take a real good look at who you’re bringing in and who you’re investing your dollars in.”
The key to having the right customers, Fauerbach said, is getting to know them. Consider potential partners the way you would potential dates, Fauerbach said.
“You talk a few times, you get to know each other,” Fauerbach said. “You might pick a topic or something to work on together that lets you expand the relationship a bit and see where you’re aligned. Then you move forward or you don’t.”
If she has to end a relationship, or if she chooses not to pursue it, Fauerbach said she encourages that person to take on the challenge using internal resources or suggests a series of changes that would pave the way for a partnership.
When starting relationships, Fauerbach said she limits interactions to coffee and advice — whether she’s giving or receiving it. This gives both parties the chance to assess each other.
Fauerbach said she evaluates potential connections not on their usefulness but on a set of values. Her top priority is integrity, but she also cares about diversity of thought and innovation. Bluntness, a trait for which she is known, is also a consideration.

Jose Mourinho insists Chelsea to do everything to qualify for next stage of ChampionsLeagueMourinho is bidding to become the first manager to win the Champions League with three different clubs. (Source: AP)
Reuters | London | Posted: September 16, 2014 9:07 pm | Updated: September 16, 2014 9:08 pm
Jose Mourinho insists his Chelsea side must do “everything” they can to qualify for the next stage of the Champions League and avoid the chance of dropping down into the Europa League.
Speaking ahead of Chelsea’s opening Group G match against Schalke 04 at Stamford Bridge on Wednesday, the Chelsea manager said it would be detrimental to his players’ development should the team have to compete in the second-tier competition.
Teams finishing third in the Champions League group stage go into the Europa League, joining the competition in the knockout phase.
Mourinho is bidding to become the first manager to win the Champions League with three different clubs but he is only concentrating on the six group games to ensure his team finish in the top two and progress to the round of 16.
“The competition is part of my history and I’m part of the tournament’s history. To win with three clubs would be unique,” Mourinho, who won the competition when in charge at Porto and Inter Milan, told a news conference on Tuesday.
“Do I want to try to win again? Of course I want to. I have many years ahead of me. But in this moment I only think: don’t play Europa League.
“It would be very bad for the evolution of our players to go to Europa League. We have to qualify. We have to do everything to qualify.”
Chelsea have started the season in emphatic fashion, winning their opening four league games with a mixture of power and panache.
In stark contrast Schalke have endured a winless start in the Bundesliga, languishing near the foot of the table having taken just one point from their first three matches.
Mourinho, however, said league form will not matter and Chelsea will be wary of their opponents despite beating them 3-0 home and away at the same stage of the competition last season.
“They drew against Bayern Munich, obviously they lost their last match 4-1 but I don’t see that as a drama or having a consequence in the Champions League,” Mourinho said.
“I don’t see a relation between the fact they lost the last match. Probably it will make them stronger. Probably they can discuss the mistakes they made, they can try to have a different approach to be a better team and a difficult opponent.
“In this moment it is a short competition of four teams for us, six matches. Everything is different,” he said of the group which also contains Slovenian champions NK Maribor and Portuguese club Sporting Lisbon.
Mourinho will have a full-strength squad to pick from because striker Didier Drogba has recovered from the ankle injury which forced him to miss Saturday’s 4-2 win over Swansea City in the Premier League.
Chelsea have started the season in emphatic fashion, winning their opening four league games

Scientists colossal squid exam a Kraken goodshowIn this Dec. 2013 photo, Capt. John Bennett shows a colossal squid he and and his crew caught on the boat in Antarctica's remote Ross Sea. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | New Zealand | Posted: September 16, 2014 9:02 pm | Updated: September 16, 2014 9:08 pm
It was a calm morning in Antarctica’s remote Ross Sea, during the season when the sun never sets, when Capt. John Bennett and his crew hauled up a creature with tentacles like fire hoses and eyes like dinner plates from a mile below the surface.
A colossal squid: 350 kilograms (770 pounds), as long as a minibus and one of the sea’s most elusive species. It had been frozen for eight months until Tuesday, when scientists in New Zealand got a long-anticipated chance to thaw out the animal and inspect it — once they used a forklift to maneuver it into a tank.
The squid is a female, and its eight arms are each well over a meter (3.3 feet) long. Its two tentacles would have been perhaps double that length if they had not been damaged.
Kat Bolstad, a squid scientist from the Auckland University of Technology who was leading a team examining the creature, described it as “very big, very beautiful.”
“This is essentially an intact specimen, which is almost an unparalleled opportunity for us to examine,” she said. “This is a spectacular opportunity.”
Many people around the world agreed: About 142,000 people from 180 countries watched streaming footage of the squid examination on the Internet.
Colossal squid sometimes inhabit the world of fiction and imagination, but have rarely been seen in daylight. Remarkably, Bennett and his crew on the San Aspiring toothfish boat have caught two of them. Their first, hauled in seven years ago, is on display in New Zealand’s national museum, Te Papa.
Bennett said there was so much excitement about his previous catch, he thought he had better save the latest one for research.
“It was partly alive, it was still hanging onto the fish,” Bennett recalls. “Just a big bulk in the water. They’re huge, and the mantle’s all filled with water. It’s quite an awesome sight.”
Susan Waugh, a senior curator at Te Papa, said scientists hope to find out more about where the creature fits in the food chain, how much genetic variation there is among different squid types, and basic facts about how the colossal squid lives and dies.
She said scientists plan to further assess the condition of the squid before determining whether to preserve it for public display.
Bolstad said it’s possible that ancient sightings of the species gave rise to tales of the kraken, or giant sea-monster squid. She said sperm whales often eat colossal squid and are known to play with their food, and sailors may have mistaken that for epic battles.
“On the other hand, we don’t really know what the grog rations were like at that time at sea, either,” she said. “So it may be that we’ve got a bit of a fisherman’s story going on there, too.”

Bypoll results positive  would push seat-deal with NCP:CongressPrint
Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: September 16, 2014 8:54 pm | Updated: September 16, 2014 8:55 pm
On Tuesday Maharashtra unit of Congress said by-election results from Uttar Pradesh and Rajasthan were a morale-booster for the party cadre, and would also lead to speedy finalisation of seats-sharing deal with the NCP for the coming assembly elections in the state.
The seat-sharing talks are currently stuck over NCP’s demand of equal number of seats.
Reverses for BJP in Uttar Pradesh and Congress’s gains in Gujarat and Rajasthan in Tuesday’s by-election results had enthused Congress workers in the poll-bound Maharashtra, said state Congress spokesperson Anant Gadgil.
“It is a psychological boost. People are upset with the BJP government under Narendra Modi and are in rethinking mode.
It will also expedite seat-sharing talks with NCP,” he said.
Shiv Sena, which had refused to accept BJP’s demand for 135 seats, would now harden its stand, he claimed.
“Today’s results are a message to our ally NCP that people want us to unite and keep communal forces at bay.”
Gadgil, who is also a member of AICC media panel, claimed that BJP’s losses in Uttar Pradesh proved that people did not want communal forces, while in Rajasthan the youth had voted for the Congress in a big way.
Ratnakar Mahajan, another state Congress spokesperson, said in the current legislative assembly Congress has 82 MLAs, which is close to the combined strength of BJP (46) and Shiv Sena (45). NCP (62) has more MLAs than the two saffron parties individually.
Despite this, Congress and NCP together are one member short of majority in the 288-member house, he noted.
“Alliances are inevitable for both Congress-NCP and Shiv Sena-BJP. The extent of fragmented polity is such that more than Congress-NCP, it is BJP which has no candidates to field in several constituencies. In the Lok Sabha elections, it fielded outsiders at eight to ten places,” he said.
In apparent reference to NCP’s threat to go it alone if its demand for equal number of seats was not met, Mahajan said because of the Lok Sabha verdict in favour of a single party, the idea of going solo had now entered the heads of those who once thought coalition politics was here to stay.
Both Gadgil and Mahajan said the by-poll results proved that voters think differently in Lok Sabha and assembly elections. Focus of party’s campaign will be on the developmental works carried out by the state government in the last 15 years, they said.
Commenting on the stalemate in Sena-BJP seat-sharing talks, Mahajan said, “We don’t know whether their differences are for real or just a pretence to keep the smaller parties in the (opposition) alliance which are demanding large chunk of seats at bay.”
After Tuesday’s results, BJP will have to do a rethink on its confidence that the “Modi wave” would carry it to victory every time, he said.

Wipro eyes open source to advance in analytics  cloud and Internet ofThingsWipro has set up an Open Source Practice under its Business Application Services division to cater to the increase in adoption of analytics, cloud computing and Internet of Things.
Tech Desk | Bangalore | Posted: September 16, 2014 9:27 pm
Wipro has announced that it will make significant investments in Open Source technologies, methodologies and services.
The rapidly increasing pace of adoption of Open Source software and methodologies led by advancements in analytics, cloud computing and the emerging Internet of Things (IoT) have propelled Open Source into a core strategic technology asset for enterprises across the globe. Wipro has set up an Open Source Practice under its Business Application Services division to address this rising demand. This practice will channelize the earmarked investments towards driving growth and building industry leadership in this area.
This practice will help our customers build Open Source platforms that enable online services on a massive scale, big data platforms for batch as well as real-time streaming data, and integrated management fabrics, at beneficial price points. In addition, it will focus on Applications (Middleware, Security, Customer Experience Platforms, Mobile Frameworks), Infrastructure (Operating systems, Databases, Virtualization, Cloud Technologies, Software Defined Infrastructure), Internet of Things (IoT), Hardware and Testing. In the Product Engineering space, reusable/licensable IP blocks will help shrink product development timelines for the Consumer, Automotive and Networking market segments.
“Wipro’s Open Source practice will offer consulting services to companies looking to adopt Open Source in their IT landscape — from advisory and strategy to roadmap development, integration, legacy migration, deployment, governance and risk mitigation and support. The practice will spearhead multiple initiatives to build solutions, collaborate with key players and foster innovation in the Open Source domain,” said Bhanumurthy BM, Chief Executive, Application Services & Strategic Alliances, Wipro Limited.
The practice is building a team of skilled personnel, including world-class open source industry veterans and community experts. It is also investing in creating innovation labs to showcase industry solutions, real world integrations and emerging technologies.
“We believe we have the strategy and technology depth to become the primary Open Source partner for global enterprises. We are building a world class team of technologists for our Open Source Initiative and recently hired an industry leader, Andrew Aitken, founder of the industry’s first strategic consultancy think-tank on Open Source, and a recognized expert on strategies for its commercialization,” said Krishnakumar N Menon, Vice President, Business Application Solutions & Open Source Initiative, Wipro Limited.

Rescue operations to continue till there is requirement: IAFChiefJammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah meeting with Air Chief Marshal Arup Raha in Srinagar on Tuesday. Source: PTI Photo
Jammu | Posted: September 16, 2014 9:27 pm | Updated: September 16, 2014 9:44 pm
Air Chief Marshal Arup Raha on Tuesday said an outstanding effort was put in by all personnel of Indian Air Force in the relief operations in the flood-ravaged Kashmir region and said their work would continue till the time there is a requirement.
“The operations will continue till the time there is a requirement and we are here to help the people, Nation and Government in rescue and relief in time of need”, Air Chief Marshal said.
He interacted with the station personnel of Srinagar and Awantipur and said that every Air warrior “had done their bit including the support services”.
“It was one of the biggest and challenging helicopter and transport operation carried out in the past one week in one of the most challenging circumstances of difficult terrain, inclement weather, flying at a varying altitude and
unprecedented bird activity.
“An outstanding effort was put in by all personnel of Indian Air Force in carrying out day and night operations to offload and disperse relief material”, he said.
Air Chief Marshal Arup Raha today visited the flood affected areas of Jammu and Kashmir and carried out aerial recce of both north and south Kashmir, a Defence Spokesman said here.
The Air Chief Marshal took stock of the relief and rescue operations being carried out by the Armed Forces.
He was extremely satisfied with the team work and joint operations being carried out by Army, Navy, Air Force and NDRF in trying their best to restore conditions back to normalcy.
During his visit, the Air Chief was received by Air Commodore B Balachandran, Air Officer Commanding Srinagar Air Force Station.
The majority of relief operations have been launched and carried out from the Srinagar Air Force Station.
Later, he met Lieutenant General Subrata Saha, Commander 15 Corps at Badami Bagh Cantt.
He also called on Chief Minister Omar Abdullah at Hari Niwas and Governor N N Vohra at Raj Bhawan.
The IAF Chief was extremely happy with all the Air Force stations that pitched in their efforts day and night
to rescue and provide relief to flood victims, the spokesman said.
The Air Chief also visited the No 3 Rapid Air Medical Team (RAMT) and found it well established and equipped with Mobile Critical Care Centre for flood victims.
He also interacted with the Commandos who were involved in the rescue operations.

Women on maternity leave face lending bias  HUD saysBy Emily Wax-Thibodeaux September 16 Follow @emily_wax
The couple, who had just had twins, thought everything was on track when their mortgage application was approved and the closing for their new Virginia home was scheduled.
But when the bank learned that the wife was on maternity leave, the lender — FirstBank — reversed its decision, denied the loan, and caused the wife and infant twins to move in with her parents. There wasn’t enough space, so her husband moved to an apartment with their 3-year-old. 
HUD has launched 15 investigations this year into bias against women on maternity leave. (Bigstockphoto)
Despite the fact that three-quarters of American moms are in the labor force, securing a mortgage while on maternity leave or pregnant is “a significant challenge and producing a steady flow of complaints,” even though the practice violates federal law, said Bryan Greene, HUD’s general deputy assistant secretary for fair housing and equal opportunity.
The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development launched 15 maternity leave discrimination investigations this year, part of a pattern that has the federal agency investigating 173 allegations against lenders since 2010, Greene said. 
In the latest case, FirstBank Mortgage Partners will pay $35,000 to settle allegations that it violated the Fair Housing Act when it denied a mortgage loan to the couple because the mother was on maternity leave, though she planned on returning to work outside the home. 
Both the Justice Department and HUD have settled with — and levied monetary penalties against — a number of lenders, including Bank of America, PNC Mortgage, Cornerstone Mortgage and MGIC. The MGIC settlement in 2012, involved 70 women, led to a $511,250 compensation fund for the alleged discrimination victims and a $38,750 civil penalty.
“The birth of a child or children should be a happy time for a family. But in many instances, we find lenders just stop dead at the word ‘pregnancy’ or ‘maternity leave,’” Greene said. “And in many instances women are planning to go back to work, but lenders don’t make those inquires. They go on the assumptions that women won’t return to work.”
The banks, who denied any wrongdoing as part of the settlement, argue that there will be a loss of income during maternity leave and that women may not return to work. 
But that assumption is “antiquated, ridiculous and just not true,” said Kristin Rowe-Finkbeiner, executive director of MomsRising, a Seattle-based national advocacy group with more than a 1 million members.
Her organization is working with HUD to combat the practice. The group is asking members to write in if they experience lending discrimination. The reports will then be sent to HUD. 
“America is just waking up to the fact that moms are in the labor force and we are in the labor force to stay,” said Rowe-Finkbeiner. “There’s a myth that moms are not as committed to work as Dads,” she said. “But, this is not the ‘Mad Men’ era with Betty Draper at home. Today women are very much equal if not more so in putting a roof over their children’s heads and food on the table.”
She said her organization hears about mortgage discrimination against women on maternity leave “with a degree regularity that is stunningly awful.”
And that banks need to understand that “most families can’t afford to have a full-time parent.”
Today, 50 percent of women return to work within three months after giving birth to their first child, she said. More than 70 percent of mothers with young children are in the workforce and four in ten mothers are the sole or primary breadwinner for their families. 
“It’s going to take enforcement to help make the change with lenders,” said Rowe-Finkbeiner. “We need to really start talking about what the modern family looks like.” 
On their Web site, Linda Falcão, a civil rights attorney and mother of three from Pennsylvania who was one of the first people to raise the issue, said a bank told her family they had to write a “motivational letter” explaining “why we wanted the house, and discussing, among other things, our family planning.” 
“After asking two separate mortgage reps to be excused from this aspect of the process (and being refused), and after telling them I thought it was illegal (they didn’t seem to care) I was inspired to write a satirical letter about what ‘was brewing in my uterus’ that I’ve published on a blog and shared with friends,” she said.  
Falcão said she did not send the mocking letter to the bank.
“We really needed the new house, having sold our old one at that point, so we wrote them a very bland letter stating, among other things, that we did not plan to change our family size.”
They got the loan. But after the closing, she filed a Fair Housing Act complaint with HUD, who launched an investigation.
“I took a lot of satisfaction in writing the letter —  and it got a lot of laughs from my friends and family. But the truth is that I felt genuinely humiliated and demeaned to have to discuss, with a total stranger, whether my husband and I were going to have more children or not. I didn’t then, and don’t now, think it’s any of their business.. Would you want to talk about your own reproductive plans with a stranger, especially one who was going to judge whether they were ‘acceptable’ or not?” 
Emily Wax-Thibodeaux is a National staff writer who covers veterans, veterans' affairs and the culture of government. She's an award-winning former foreign correspondent who covered Africa and India for nearly a decade. She also covered immigration, crime and education for the Metro staff.

Adrian Petersons child abuse failBy Jonathan Capehart September 16 Follow @capehartj
Adrian Peterson (Matthew Emmons/Reuters)
When I wrote yesterday about Adrian Peterson being indicted for taking a switch to his son, I had not seen the pictures. The awful pictures. Photos of lash marks and clotted blood. The Minnesota Vikings football player did this to a 4-year-old because the child pushed another Peterson son off a video game.
I had not seen the pictures as I wrote about my own experience with the switch. Still, I could imagine the screaming and begging for relief and the welts that followed. But I wasn’t that young. I was old enough to know what I did was wrong and that consequences would have to be suffered. The injuries sustained by Peterson’s 4-year-old son go far beyond what is called for in response to a tussle over a toy.
I had not seen the pictures as I was writing and Peterson released a statement filled with remorse. “I am not a perfect son. I am not a perfect husband. I am not a perfect parent, but I am, without a doubt, not a child abuser,” he wrote . “I am someone that disciplined his child and did not intend to cause him any injury.” An assertion hard to believe when you see the marks and cuts on those little 4-year-old legs. Or when you recall that the little one told authorities that Peterson pulled his pants down before striking him also on the back, buttocks and scrotum. Or when you know that he also told them that leaves from the switch were put in his mouth by his father.
“My goal is always to teach my son right from wrong and that’s what I tried to do that day,” Peterson said in his statement. The pictures show that he failed miserably.
Follow Jonathan on Twitter: @Capehartj
Jonathan Capehart is a member of the Post editorial board and writes about politics and social issues for the PostPartisan blog.

How many Fox News evening segments on BenghaziBy Erik Wemple September 16 Follow @ErikWemple
Benghazi (ESAM OMRAN AL-FETORI / Reuters)
We knew that Fox News has provided extensive coverage of the scandal in which a U.S. diplomatic post in Benghazi, Libya, came under attack on Sept. 11, 2012, resulting in the deaths of four Americans. But now we know just how much coverage: According to Media Matters for America , Fox News ran 1,098 “evening” segments on Benghazi in the 20 months after the tragedy.
Here’s a graphic representation of the distribution by program:
Those figures prompted eyebrow elevation from the Erik Wemple Blog, which would have figured that Sean Hannity’s eponymous show had outpaced other evening Fox News fare in discussing Benghazi. The Media Matters study found that Hannity led the group in at least one category — accusing the Obama administration of orchestrating a “cover-up” regarding Benghazi. Of the 281 segments carrying such an allegation, “Hannity” claimed 108.
As to which side of the aisle Fox News favored in its interviews, have a look:
News outlets are entitled to obsess over stuff. This blog, for instance, endorsed CNN’s nonstop coverage of the disappearance of MH370 this year, when many others hammered the network for failing to adequately monitor other stories. So go ahead, Fox News, and continue to explore every last tick and tock of the Benghazi story as it enters its third year of life. Just stay away from the distortions and factual issues .
More to come on this topic.
Erik Wemple writes the Erik Wemple blog, where he reports and opines on media organizations of all sorts.

Seinfeld Rivers TextJerry Seinfeld Was Planning a Special Project With Joan Rivers
Sep 16, 2014, 10:18 AM ET
Jerry Seinfeld says he was in talks with Joan Rivers for an appearance on his program "Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee."
Kevin Mazur/Getty Images | Ian West/PA Wire/AP Photo
Share
Copy
Jerry Seinfeld was planning a special project with Joan Rivers.
Before her Sept. 4 death, Rivers was in talks to appear on Seinfeld’s popular web series “Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee,” Seinfeld revealed in a Facebook post. The series features Seinfeld making coffee trips with friends and entertainment figures.
Seinfeld posted a text message exchange from Aug. 19 – nine days before Rivers underwent a throat procedure – stating that Rivers would love to participate.

Wilson Ramoss power is backBy James Wagner September 16 Follow @jameswagnerwp
Wilson Ramos. (Photo by Mike Zarrilli/Getty Images)
Wilson Ramos launched his 11th home run of the season in Monday’s win, a solo shot to left-center field that gave the Nationals a two-run lead. Over his past 30 games since Aug. 4, Ramos has hit eight homers, the most for any catcher in baseball. He may be hitting .244 (29 for 119) in that span, but Ramos is pleased to welcome back his power.
“I feel good right now,” he said. “I feel my power is back. Right now, I feel like I’m hitting better because the last two weeks was a little bit of a struggle. I can’t think about my [offense]. I have to go out there and call my game, and if I hit that’s extra for a catcher.”
In the 48 games before Aug. 4, Ramos hit only three home runs. Even though his surgically repaired left hand felt strong, he wasn’t hitting for power as he normally does. A hamstring strain this summer also put a dent in Ramos’s playing time. But now, he is finally feeling completely comfortable at the plate.
“Right now I feel a lot better and happy because of my approach is back,” he said. “And happy that my swing is back at the right moment, especially right now. Hopefully it stay like that for the rest of the playoffs.”
The regular playing time has helped, too. He has missed 46 games this season. But since he returned from the hamstring strain in late June, he has started 55 of the Nationals’ 72 games. Manager Matt Williams has been careful with Ramos’s playing time, making sure to give him regular rest each week for his legs, which have been an issue the past two seasons. But it’s a careful balance.
“Last year, I played 23 games in a row and I was hitting well,” Ramos said. “Right now, I need to play more and be more consistent at the plate. Every decision that manager makes I will respect.”
James Wagner joined the Post in August 2010 and, prior to covering the Nationals, covered high school sports across the region.

The Scottish governments proposed interim constitution for an independent Scotland(h) sex,
(i) sexual orientation.
Despite the impressively long and detailed list of protected “personal characteristics,” the wording of Section 28 conceals as much as it reveals. It does not ban all discrimination based on these characteristics, only “unfair” discrimination. But, obviously, there is plenty of room for disagreement over what counts as “unfair.” For example, is racial, ethnic, or religious profiling of suspected terrorists “unfair discrimination,” or just good law enforcement policy? How about single-sex schools that exclude one gender for the purpose of improving education for students who might do better without the distraction of the opposite sex? In carrying out its obligation to “promote and secure equality of opportunity for every person in Scotland regardless of personal characteristics,” is the government forbidden to offer affirmative action preferences to underrepresented groups (because they undermine “equality of opportunity”), required to offer them (because equal opportunity cannot be achieved without them), or is the issue left to legislative discretion? The text does not rule out any of these three views. An even bigger ambiguity is that it does not make clear whether Section 28 only applies to discrimination by the government, or also that practiced by private parties.
There are notable ambiguities in other parts of the draft constitution, as well. Unlike Section 28, many of the other vague provisions probably are not meant to be enforceable by the judiciary. For example, Section 16 states that “[a]ll members of the Scottish civil service are to act with integrity, honesty, objectivity and impartiality.” I doubt that the drafters intend that Scots will be able to file suit against the government in cases where they think a member of the civil service has failed to treat them with “integrity.” LThe constitution includes a list of positive rights similar to those in many other recent European constitutions, such as rights to a “healthy environment” and a requirement that the government must act to promote the well-being of children. In many constitutions, such positive rights are often not judicially enforceable, and perhaps they wouldn’t be under this draft either. But it is hard to be sure.
This draft is intended to be an interim constitution only. If the “yes’ side wins the referendum, Section 33 of the interim constitution requires the Scottish parliament to establish an “independent constitutional convention” that would draft a permanent governing document. It leaves most of the details of how the drafting and ratification of the permanent constitution would work for the Scottish Parliament to determine (though it does emphasize that the constitutional convention must be free from “direction or control” by the Scottish government and parliament, or any of their respective members).
It is quite possible that the permanent constitution will look very different from this interim version. But the interim draft is still interesting in so far as it reflects the views of Scotland’s current Scottish National Party government. The SNP is likely to have great influence over the permanent constitution as well, if only because most of the procedures for drafting the latter will be determined by Scottish Parliament, which has a narrow SNP majority . Moreover, the SNP has led the fight for Scottish independence and a victory for the “yes” side would surely increase its power and prestige.
Ilya Somin is Professor of Law at George Mason University. His research focuses on constitutional law, property law, and popular political participation. He is the author of "The Grasping Hand: Kelo v. City of New London and the Limits of Eminent Domain" (forthcoming) and "Democracy and Political Ignorance: Why Smaller Government is Smarter."

NASA only spots 1 in 10 potentially dangerous asteroidsBy Rachel Feltman September 16 Follow @rachelfeltman
Jordanians look at the desert sky during the Leonid meteor shower, near Amman, in the early hours of Aug. 12, 2004. Meteors are the debris left in the wake of a passing comet infiltrating the Earth's atmosphere. (Ali jareji/Reuters)
Nothing like a NASA program audit to get you down: First, we had to hear that our beloved Curiosity Rover isn't doing enough science . Today's news is a bit closer to home. Despite massive budget increases, NASA's program to track near-earth objects (or NEOs) is woefully inadequate . A new report estimates that only 10 percent of all NEOs that could hurt us are detected. NASA's goal of 90 percent identification by 2020 is not realistic, according to the report.
NEOs, or comets and asteroids that come within 28 million miles of our planet's orbit, are usually no big deal. According to NASA's audit of the NEO program, more than 100 tons of rock fragments come hurtling at us every single day -- but the vast majority of that space debris disintegrates up in the atmosphere.
But those rocks don't have to hit the ground to cause a bit of mayhem: In 2013, a 59-foot meteor exploded over Russia. The force was equal to 30 atomic bombs, according to NASA's report, and caused injuries and property damage. These events probably happen every few decades, although it's only random chance that decides whether or not a populated area will be affected -- as opposed to a spot in the middle of the ocean.
It's not all bad news: NASA has found nearly 95 percent of the really dangerous NEOs -- the ones bigger than a kilometer in diameter. But if the program is to meet its 2020 goal, it's going to need to beef up on personnel and draft a better game plan.
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

Mailbag: RGIIIs injury  future and moreBy Mike Jones September 16 Follow @mikejoneswapo
It might be a while before we see Robert Griffin III introduced as the Redskins’ starter again. (Jonathan Newton/The Washington Post)
Well, quite a bit has happened since last week. Big blowout victory, another unfortunate injury for Robert Griffin III , comings and goings at safety . . .
We’ve got plenty to tackle in this week’s mailbag, so let’s go.
Thanks as always for taking part, and keep the questions coming. As always, e-mail them to me at mike.jones@washpost.com with the subject line, “Mailbag question.”
What now is the worst-case and best-case scenario for RGIII? And, depending on how Cousins performs the rest of the way, what are the chances that we keep both QBs next season? There is sure to be a debate at quarterback in the front office now, if there wasn’t already some before. There just isn’t much room for both QBs on the team without the drama. Either way, this current situation [stinks] to high heaven!      
– Olufemi Adepoju
The best-case scenario is that in about four to five weeks, he has the cast removed, the ankle is sound, he begins rehab and four weeks later returns to practice and eventually reclaims his job and plays well. Worst-case: He begins his rehabilitation, has a setback and has to be placed on injured reserve. I don’t know that the Redskins can part with Cousins in the coming offseason, especially given Griffin’s continued injury history. Both quarterbacks are under contract for next season, but officials have a decision to make because this coming offseason, they could pick up the option for a fifth season on Griffin’s rookie contract. If he hasn’t proven that he is healthy, that he has the ability to stay healthy, or that he can play at a high level in this offense, would they really want to invest more money in him? If Cousins plays well, do you really want the team shipping him elsewhere? If Cousins shines and if Griffin is healthy but looks just so-so during the offseason practices, the 2015 training camp could feature a legitimate quarterback competition. Jay Gruden wants to win, and he will go with the player that gives him the best chance to do so. Now, if Cousins struggles mightily, the Redskins’ best option is either Griffin, or to make an offseason move to bring in another player to compete.
Is the turf problem at the Washington football team’s venue at all a contributing factor in Robert G.’s injury? It certainly was when he blew out his knee in 2012.  
– Bob Neuman, Chevy Chase
The playing surface definitely had an impact on Griffin’s knee injury, but not this time. Crazy that he hurt himself on yet another roll-out play, near the same area of the field. But this time, the grass was in good shape. I was down on the field before the game and it looked good. Jay Gruden and Griffin both said they didn’t think the grass was to blame. Griffin’s ankle actually got turned when linebacker Paul Posluszny got a hand on that left foot . Griffin slipped out of the tackle attempt, but his foot came down at an awkward angle, and then came the dislocation.
If RGIII were an unrestricted free agent tomorrow, how many teams would think hard about signing him? In other words, how many NFL teams think he could have still have a productive future? What about Kirk Cousins? For the record, I like RGIII.  But I am concerned that this might not work out.
– John Lemons
Well, if it were tomorrow, he might not get picked up because he’s not healthy. But plenty of people around the league do still believe that Griffin can still have a bright future, provided he stays healthy. If he were a free agent this offseason, having just recovered from a second major surgery in three seasons, he wouldn’t likely get a blockbuster deal, but he wouldn’t be sitting on the streets. His skill set is far too rare. He did in 2012 have the finest statistical season by a rookie quarterback in the history of the league. Last season has to be thrown out the window basically, because that whole situation was mishandled and he wasn’t healthy. I believe we would have seen gradual strides this season. Even privately, Redskins officials believe that despite the struggles that we’ve all seen, Griffin does have the capability to develop into a talented, winning quarterback. The question is will his body allow him to do so?
The book is not closed on Griffin yet. A dislocated ankle is not impossible to come back from. Darren Sproles fractured and dislocated his ankle in 2006 and missed the entire year, but as we all know, his speed and elusiveness are just fine. Griffin’s development will definitely take a hit. The progress he was gaining from the offseason, to training camp, to preseason to now suddenly stops, and he’ll have to start all over again. It’s hard to predict just how things will play out.
Kirk Cousins has shown that he has a lot of talent. He in the past has shown a tendency to turn the ball over as well. He has much to prove also. As far as the outside opinion of him, only the Cleveland Browns offered a draft pick (a fourth-rounder) to Washington for Cousins this past offseason. But now Cousins has a chance to prove that the Redskins were right about him, and that the other 31 teams in the league were wrong when they elected not to draft him.
(Editor’s note: John, Mark Maske talked to folks around the NFL to gauge Griffin’s value for a story .)
1. Will they bring back Rex [Grossman], since he was cut by Cleveland, to be a third option QB with RGIII out? 2. Any news on the cut running backs, Royster or Seastrunk?  Have they made another team’s practice squad? 3. With Hankerson’s time on the PUP list dwindling, is Santana Moss’s tenure on the skins coming to an end (especially with the healthy scratches on game days)?
– Eric Foor, Reston
Jay Gruden said that there was a chance the Redskins would bring in a third quarterback, but that the decision hadn’t been made. Grossman would have some carry-over, although there are some differences in the passing attack. As of this morning, the Redskins hadn’t yet engaged in talks with Grossman’s camp. That doesn’t mean something can’t change.
Unfortunately for Evan Royster and Lache Seastrunk, both remain out of work. Seastrunk had a tryout with Green Bay, but didn’t sign. Royster told me this morning that he hasn’t yet had any tryouts, but he remains hopeful and continues to work to stay ready for his next opportunity.
As far as Moss, it’s very possible that he is the odd man out once Hankerson returns. Coaches value Moss’s leadership and experience, but he hasn’t gotten the chance to help on game days. The injury to DeSean Jackson could open the door for Moss to dress, but Ryan Grant had an impressive showing on Sunday, and appeared to overtake Aldrick Robinson. Grant played 37 offensive snaps and two on special teams. Robinson played nine offensive snaps and three on special teams. If Hankerson comes back looking good, and Grant continues to play well, you never know, this decision could come down to Robinson vs. Moss. And, if Bruce Allen makes a decision based on what Moss has meant to the franchise, maybe he keeps Moss. However, knowing Santana, although he’s never going to cause dissention, he’d much rather play instead of ride the inactive list.
The right side of the Redskins’ O-line is often scrutinized by many fans. What are your thoughts about that side of the line and do you think there will be any changes at any point this season (like LeRibeus for Chester)?
– Jay Rotell
Josh LeRibeus , who on Sunday saw his first game action since Jan. 5, 2013, is better suited for the left guard position. He has to be able to play both as the one backup guard, but I don’t think he’s poised to overtake Chester. If Chester’s play got to the point where coaches felt like he was no longer the best option, I’d expect Spencer Long, who works primarily at right guard, to get the nod, and even so, this probably isn’t something that would happen any time soon.
Saw LeRibeus get in there late when Lauvao went down. Redd scored on a run to the left. Did Josh do a good job in his limited action? And could he possibly push Chester out of the starting lineup at some point?
– Brian Murphy
Silas Redd  indeed scored on a run to the left, but it wasn’t because of LeRibeus. The third-year guard actually didn’t do very well on that touchdown play. He came off the line and tried to get to the next level to lay a hit on linebacker Telvin Smith, but he overran the block and got only a hand on Smith. The linebacker cut over toward Redd while LeRibeus watched, but Trent Williams was in the way, blocking another defender. Smith went around him and came within reach of Redd, but the rookie back outran him to the end zone.
As mentioned above, I don’t see him taking over as the starting right guard.
Last season, the Redskins had trouble containing McCoy and the fast offensive pace of the Eagles.  How effective will the Redskins defense be this season against the Eagles?
– Tim Foisie
The Redskins definitely have a very stiff challenge waiting for them on Sunday. Not only do they need to contain LeSean McCoy, but they have to do the same to Sproles. If you saw Philly’s Monday Night Football game against Indianapolis , you know that is going to be very hard to do.
The Redskins do have better speed at the inside linebacker position this year. Keenan Robinson is flying to the ball, making plays against the run and the pass. Perry Riley Jr. is playing at a high level as well. Those two will have to have big games. And up front, the linemen must do a good job of clogging run lanes as well. The outside linebackers need to contain the edges to try to prevent either back from getting into space.
The problem is, the Eagles will spread the Redskins out and then run the ball out of those passing formations and cause a lot of damage. The defense has looked rather impressive the first two weeks. But the offense they’ll face this week is on an entirely different level.
Have a Redskins question? Send an e-mail to mike.jones@washpost.com with the subject line “Mailbag question,” and it might be answered on Tuesday in  The Mailbag .
More from The Post:

Limited overs cricket is about aggression  our players need that approach: ShahidAfridiPress Trust of India | Karachi | Posted: September 16, 2014 10:00 pm
Soon after being re-appointed as Pakistan Twenty20 captain , flamboyant all-rounder Shahid Afridi urged his players to shed of any “fear” of losing and play their “natural” game.
In his first message after being given the responsibility by the Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) till the 2016 World T20, Afridi, who has played 381 ODIs and 74 T20 internationals, told reporters here that he was up for the challenge.
“But the main message I want to convey to the players is that they need to shed their fear of defeat and failure and play their natural game. Limited overs cricket is about aggression and our players need to take that approach,” he said.
“T20 cricket is for courageous players and I am confident we have talent in the team which just needs to be encouraged and spurred on,” he said.
Afridi, 34, who captained Pakistan in ODIs and T20 matches in 2010 and 2011 before being removed by the board said he was delighted to get back the responsibility.
“I don’t want to go into details or rake up the past. But what happened than everyone knows and everybody knows what my performance as captain and player was,” he added.
Afridi said he had however now moved on and started a new innings.
Afridi’s sacking came after he had a fallout with Waqar Younis who was serving his first term as head coach.
They clashed twice on a tour to the West Indies on selection issues and this led to manager, Intikhab Alam submitting a damning report about Afridi and his disciplinary issues to the board which promptly sacked him and handed over the ODI and T20 captaincy as well to Misbah who was already leading the Test side.
Afridi said he had now gotten over his problems with Waqar who is back as head coach.
“I was happy to see Waqar bhai a changed person on the recent tour to Sri Lanka. The management was very supportive and I think we can now work well together for Pakistan cricket,” he added.
The allrounder also promised to build a fighting unit for the World T20 in 2016.
“I know how important it is for me to perform as well and I will be focusing a lot on my bowling and batting as well,” he stated.
I want to convey to the players that they need to shed their fear of defeat

Why Cris Carter is right about Adrian Peterson  and Charles Barkley isntCharles Barkley says corporal punishment is a way of life among African Americans in the South ; Cris Carter disagrees, saying it's an issue that spans all kinds of ethnicities and regions . (Carter's impassioned take, above, is particularly worth a view.)
Who's more right? The data suggest that both men have a point, but Carter is more on-point.
Harry Enten over at FiveThirtyEight crunched some numbers on views of spanking, using the University of Chicago's annual General Social Survey . The takeaways from his post:
1) Support for corporal punishment is down in recent decades, but more than 70 percent of people still say it's okay to spank your child.
2) Born-again Christians are more likely to believe in spanking than others.
3) Blacks are more likely to believe in spanking than whites.
4) The South is more pro-spanking than any other region.
These last two points would seem to confirm Barkley's hypothesis. But if you look a little more closely, you'll see that the gaps are actually not that big. While 85 percent of blacks agree with spanking, 73 percent of whites do, according to 2012 data.
You might look at that and say, Well, yes, but "spanking" isn't exactly a good approximation of what Adrian Peterson stands accused of . This is true. Perhaps a better approximation (though still not ideal) would be those who "strongly agree" that spanking is OK — rather than merely "agree." These folks, logic would suggest, would be more likely to believe in more severe forms of corporal punishment (although not necessarily, we would argue, causing the kinds of injuries that Peterson's son suffered).
In this case, the racial gap is bigger — 15 points. But you've still got 40 percent of blacks and 25 percent of whites agreeing. So it's not as if this is something that exists in black America but not in white America.
General Social Survey
The differences are about the same when you look at the various regions.
While the South is still clearly more strongly in favor of corporal punishment, parts of it aren't a whole lot more in favor than the Midwest, for example. It's a continuum.
General Social Survey
But a funny thing happens when you look at race within the South.
Then, you find, the gap between black and white is smaller. Here's the eastern/Atlantic portion of the South:
General Social Survey

Dow hits record on shifting views over Fed s next moveWall St. ends at records on central bank action
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
NASDAQ Financial Markets European Central Bank NYSE Euronext, Inc. GameStop Corp. Mario Draghi
By Ryan Vlastelica
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed higher on Friday, with major indexes notching a fifth straight weekly advance after China's central bank cut its benchmark interest rate and its euro zone peer announced asset purchases in efforts to boost each region's economy.
The gains were broad on a day when both the Dow and S&P 500 ended at closing records. All ten primary S&P 500 industry sectors ended the day higher, while 63 percent of stocks traded on the New York Stock Exchange closed in positive territory. About 50 percent of Nasdaq-listed names were higher on the day.
The People's Bank of China said it was cutting one-year benchmark lending rates for the first time in more than two years.
The move came after European Central Bank head Mario Draghi said "excessively low" inflation had to be raised quickly by whatever means necessary, rekindling expectations the ECB will move to stimulate the euro zone economy. The ECB said it started buying asset-backed securities to encourage banks to lend and revive the economy.
"It isn't the size of the moves but the shock value of the direction that is really lifting markets today," said Mark Luschini, chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott in Philadelphia, which manages about $67 billion in assets. "This is a one-two punch for global growth."
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 88.94 points, or 0.5 percent, to 17,807.94, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 10.7 points, or 0.52 percent, to 2,063.45 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.10 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,712.97.
Both the Dow and S&P ended at records. For the week, the Dow rose 1 percent, the S&P added 1.2 percent and the Nasdaq rose 0.5 percent. It was the fifth straight weekly advance for all three.
Gains in the Nasdaq were limited by declines in large-cap tech companies. Microsoft Corp  fell 1.5 percent to $47.97 while Netflix Inc  slid 2.1 percent to $360.28.
GameStop Corp  sank 13 percent to $37.86 a day after the video game retailer posted quarterly revenue and earnings well below expectations. The stock was the biggest decliner on the S&P 500.
The benchmark index's biggest gainers were Ross Stores  and Autodesk Inc , both of which rallied after results late Thursday. Ross jumped 7.3 percent to $89.27 while Autodesk was up 6.1 percent to $61.95.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 2,029 to 1,039, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,461 issues rose and 1,286 fell, for a 1.14-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 96 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 111 new highs and 44 new lows.
About 6.5 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data, above the month-to-date average of 6.35 billion.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Anti-nuclear power activist Udayakumar detained atIGIAPrint
Written by Geeta Gupta | New Delhi | Posted: September 17, 2014 12:22 am
Activist S P Udayakumar, who spearheaded the campaign against the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant (KNPP) as the convenor of the People’s Movement Against Nuclear Energy (PMANE), was stopped and interrogated at Terminal-3 of the Indira Gandhi International Airport on Tuesday. Udayakumar was on his way to Kathmandu to attend a UN consultation on human rights and was eventually not allowed to travel by the immigration authorities in Delhi, with a warning that he should “not try to travel out of the country”.
“I feel my human rights have been violated systematically by the state and I feel very frustrated in this land of democracy and freedom,” Udayakumar told The Indian Express over the phone.
He was to board a Jet Airways flight 9W260 to Kathmandu at 3.05 pm. Instead, he was questioned for over four hours by the immigration authorities and was allowed to leave the airport at about 7 pm, he said.
A senior immigration official told The Indian Express that Udayakumar’s detention was a part of the official procedure as a “look out circular (LOC) has been issued against him by the SP of Tirunelveli (in Tamil Nadu)”.
Udayakumar has against him 380-odd cases under various sections of the Indian Penal Code, including 19 charges related to attempt to murder, 16 charges related to sedition, and 16 charges related to waging or attempting to wage war. His passport had already been impounded by the Tamil Nadu police.
“I came to Delhi on my way to Kathmandu, where I was going to attend a consultation on human rights. The immigration authorities asked for my passport, and I told them about my cases and impounded passport. I gave my election card. I was asked to wait at the office and was subsequently questioned for over four hours,” Udayakumar said.
The PMANE has been fighting against the KNPP in southern Tamil Nadu, and was recently in news when the Prime Minister’s Office charged that certain foreign-funded NGOs were behind the agitation. Earlier in June this year, Udayakumar — who is a US returned teacher-activist-academic — had taken on the allegations against the Kudankulam anti-nuclear movement.
He also joined the Aam Aadmi Party in march this year and contested from Kanyakumari.
On Tuesday, Udayakumar was let off by the immigration authorities with a warning that he would “not try to travel out of the country”.

J&K students had no money for food  landlords insisted onrentPolice on the campus on Tuesday. Two people were arrested a day after V-C’s office was vandalised.
Written by Milind Ghatwai | Bhopal | Posted: September 17, 2014 12:20 am
Vice-chancellor of Ujjain university Prof J L Kaul’s appeal to help students from flood-hit Jammu and Kashmir came in the wake of a visit by a group of anxious students who said they did not have money to eat but landlords were insisting on rent.
“I still don’t know what was wrong with what I said especially because the government has made similar appeal to help students,” Kaul told The Indian Express a day after his office was ransacked by VHP and Bajrang Dal workers who wanted him to withdraw the appeal.
“I thought they were students who had come to me for some problem related to education. I learned only later that they were carrying rods and other things. I can’t fathom why the incident took place,’’ said Kaul, who was discharged from a private hospital Tuesday.
On September 11, the higher education department wrote to all V-Cs asking them to provide relief to students from J&K. The circular asked the V-Cs to extend the deadline for payment of examination and other fees.
The police, however, made two arrests including that of VHP activist Ankit Choubey in connection with vandalism at Kaul’s office and have identified more than a dozen others amid allegations by teachers and staff that the police were not keen on going after the accused because they enjoyed patronage of the BJP.
Television footage and photographs carried by local newspapers clearly identify several activists involved in the attack. A local photographer said most of them were also involved in two recent scuffles with the police.
Ujjain SP Anurag said he had formed teams to search for the accused identified from television footage and photographs. The teachers and staff, who were on strike on Tuesday, accused a senior police officer of insisting that they should have named the accused in the FIR rather than expect the police to do so. The police officer argued that eyewitnesses either don’t name the accused in the FIR and when they do they turn hostile in the court.
About 70 students from J&K are pursuing their MPhil or PhD from the Vikram University. In January 2012, Sabir Ahmed, who was pursuing his MPhil in English, was shot at by two unidentified youth at a bus stand near the Ujjain district panchayat building. The 27-year-old had to be shifted to Indore for treatment because a bullet got lodged inside him. More than two-and-a-half years later, the police have made no headway in the case.

TRS rivals fail to storm fortress MedakUpdated: September 17, 2014 00:18 IST
TRS rivals fail to storm fortress Medak
Special Correspondent
politics
The party leads in all the seven Assembly segments. TRS went to the voters projecting the Congress and the BJP-TDP candidates as opposed to the creation of separate Telangana State.
Best efforts by the Congress and the BJP-TDP combine to push the TRS party to a corner on its failure to fulfil a single promise in the 100 days in power failed to cut ice with the voters in the by-election to Medak Lok Sabha seat.
Result announced on Tuesday gave ample indication that voters are still with the TRS. Their expectations were dashed by the outcome as the TRS managed to lead in all the seven Assembly segments. Although, the margin of victory of Kotha Prabhakar Reddy (TRS) was less compared to that of Chief Minister K. Chandrasekhar Rao, the TRS leadership attributed it to the low voter turn out. While the polling per centage in the general election was 77 per cent, it declined to 67.79 per cent in the by-poll held on September 13.
Congress party was banking on sympathy for former Minister and its candidate V. Sunitha Laxma Reddy in Narsapur and Medak Assembly segments while the BJP nominee T. Jayaprakash Reddy hoped to make inroads in his strongholds of Sangareddy and Patancheru constituencies.
TRS went to the voters projecting the Congress and the BJP-TDP candidates as opposed to the creation of separate Telangana State. The party in particular targeted the BJP nominee, whose animosity against TRS and its pro-statehood stand is well known. Congress and the BJP-TDP candidates made a vain bid to target the TRS government’s 100 days in office and exposing its failure to fulfil one single poll promise. However, the voters continued their loyalty towards the TRS, which is still seen as the party that had achieved Telangana for them. The last minute effort by Union Ministers - Prakash Javadekar and Sadananda Gowda - to impress upon the voters did not yield any result despite their assurance that any issues brought forward by Mr. Jayaprakash Reddy would be addressed immediately. The Congress tried to present a grand show by roping in senior leaders from the entire State but failed in their bid.
TPCC president Ponnala Lakshmaiah said the result had not disappointed the Congress party. “The parties in fray are all ruling parties. TRS, BJP and TDP are in power in Telangana, Centre and Andhra Pradesh. It is only Congress which put up a lone show,” he said. He alleged misuse of official machinery to win the polls.
BJP Telangana president G. Kishan Reddy said he did not think much of its defeat in the Medak parliamentary by poll as its support base remains intact. The real sufferers are the TRS and Congress which suffered a dent in their popularity.
“There is huge fall in the TRS margin of victory,” he said.

Happy Birthday to  SNL  Legends Molly Shannon and Amy Poehlerhappy birthday to  snl  legends molly shannon and amy poehler
Heres what Paul Pierce looks like in a Wizards uniform— NBA Legion (@MySportsLegion) September 16, 2014
Paul Pierce posed for a Spalding ad on Western Kentucky’s campus this week.
That meant lots of photographs of Paul Pierce in a Wizards uniform.
And that was kind of weird. 
Great @Spalding photoshoot with Paul Pierce at WKU today. First time sporting the Wizards gear. pic.twitter.com/1E5OZ8i8Lu
— Kati Nelson (@NelsonKati) September 15, 2014
Great to have @paulpierce34 of the @nba @washwizards at WKU today for @Spalding . Bria Gaines and Alexis Govan w #34. pic.twitter.com/N10VU4esXu

Ebola survivor Kent Brantly met with President Obama in the Oval Office(Pete Souza/The White House)
This is a photo of President Obama meeting with Ebola survivor Kent Brantly in the Oval Office.
It may seem like a nondescript and fairly routine presidential meeting, but it was intended to send a strong message: That Brantly is completely Ebola-free, and that it is safe to interact with survivors of the deadly virus.
There is still plenty of concern and hysteria surrounding the treatment of American patients with Ebola at U.S. facilities. Brantly is just one of four people who have been or currently are being treated at U.S. hospitals; as a survivor, he is now free of the virus and immune to the strain of Ebola that's currently ravaging several countries in West Africa.
That Obama is willing to sit in a room with Brantly demonstrates that the leader of the free world believes those concerns have no basis.
"I had a chance to see Dr. Brantly in the Oval Office this morning," Obama said Tuesday afternoon at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta. "And although he is still having to gain back some weight, he looks great, he looks strong and we are incredibly grateful to him and his family for the service he has rendered to people who are a lot less lucky than all of us."
Brantly and his wife Amber met with the president ahead of Brantly's testimony before the Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee and before Obama left for the CDC. News reporters and photographers were not permitted in the meeting.
Perhaps the only more powerful image might have been a handshake.
[This post has been updated.]
RELATED:

Minecraft creators blunt goodbye noteBy Jena McGregor September 15 Follow @jenamcgregor
(Photo by Hayley Tsukayama)
Microsoft announced Monday that it will be acquiring the maker of the hugely popular  gaming hit Minecraft for $2.5 billion. And when it does, it won't be acquiring the game's creator as part of the deal.
Earlier today, Markus Persson, known as "Notch" by his fans , posted a  goodbye note to his Web site  and the text sharing site  Pastebin . In it, he says he doesn't see himself as a real game developer, and that he finds the comments about the game's impact "flattering" and the public attention "interesting." Despite stepping down from Minecraft development "a long time ago" (he admits he stuck around "since people said I was important for the culture"), he writes he's tired of getting drawn into controversies, such as a recent one over  changes  in the game.
His note offers a candid look at how hard it can be for founders to divorce their identities from the companies they create, as well as the frustration that can go along with being the  public face of a cult hit.  "I don’t want to be a symbol," he says, "responsible for something huge that I don’t understand, that I don’t want to work on, that keeps coming back to me. I’m not an entrepreneur. I’m not a CEO. I’m a nerdy computer programmer who likes to have opinions on Twitter." He writes that if he ever again makes something that becomes popular, "I'll probably abandon it immediately."
Persson, no doubt, will be far wealthier after the sale to Microsoft, despite trash talking  it in the past.  Bloomberg is reporting that Persson owns 71 percent of Mojang , the game's maker, and that his share of the proceeds from the deal would be $1.7 billion. But "it's not about the money," he closed his letter saying. "It's about my sanity."
Here's the text of Persson's letter in full:
I'm leaving Mojang
September 15, 2014
I don’t see myself as a real game developer. I make games because it's fun, and because I love games and I love to program, but I don’t make games with the intention of them becoming huge hits, and I don’t try to change the world. Minecraft certainly became a huge hit, and people are telling me it’s changed games. I never meant for it to do either. It’s certainly flattering, and to gradually get thrust into some kind of public spotlight is interesting.
A relatively long time ago, I decided to step down from Minecraft development. Jens was the perfect person to take over leading it, and I wanted to try to do new things. At first, I failed by trying to make something big again, but since I decided to just stick to small prototypes and interesting challenges, I've had so much fun with work. I wasn't exactly sure how I fit into Mojang where people did actual work, but since people said I was important for the culture, I stayed.
I was at home with a bad cold a couple of weeks ago when the internet exploded with hate against me over some kind of EULA situation that I had nothing to do with. I was confused. I didn’t understand. I  tweeted this  in frustration. Later on, I watched the  This is Phil Fish  video on YouTube and started to realize I didn't have the connection to my fans I thought I had. I've become a symbol. I don’t want to be a symbol, responsible for something huge that I don’t understand, that I don’t want to work on, that keeps coming back to me. I’m not an entrepreneur. I’m not a CEO. I’m a nerdy computer programmer who likes to have opinions on Twitter.
As soon as this deal is finalized, I will leave Mojang and go back to doing Ludum Dares and small web experiments. If I ever accidentally make something that seems to gain traction, I’ll probably abandon it immediately.
Considering the public image of me already is a bit skewed, I don’t expect to get away from negative comments by doing this, but at least now I won’t feel a responsibility to read them.
I’m aware this goes against a lot of what I've said in public. I have no good response to that. I’m also aware a lot of you were using me as a symbol of some perceived struggle. I’m not. I’m a person, and I’m right there struggling with you.
I love you. All of you. Thank you for turning Minecraft into what it has become, but there are too many of you, and I can’t be responsible for something this big. In one sense, it belongs to Microsoft now. In a much bigger sense, it’s belonged to all of you for a long time, and that will never change.
It's not about the money. It's about my sanity.
Read also:
Like On Leadership ? Follow us on Facebook and Twitter .
Jena McGregor writes a daily column analyzing leadership in the news for the Washington Post’s On Leadership section.

A vote to watch in ScotlandUpdated: September 16, 2014 01:40 IST
A vote to watch in Scotland
Parvathi Menon
Tweet
Reuters The 'Yes' campaign's salient feature is its tranformation from being a movement solely of Scottish nationalism to one that is characterised by a demand for genuine and radical social democracy. Picture shows 'Yes' campaigners outside the BBC Scotland Headquarters in Glasgow.
TOPICS
politics
The positive momentum generated by the ‘Yes’ campaign demanding Scottish independence is winning hearts and minds, and perhaps even the race
“But if you unscotch us you will find us damned mischievous Englishmen” — Sir Walter Scott in a letter to the British parliamentarian J.W. Croker in 1826.
More than 300 years after the Act of Union bound Scotland and Wales to Britain in 1707, the Scottish people are going to decide if they want out of the United Kingdom, or remain within it but under expanded powers of self-rule. The September 18 referendum — in which nearly 4.3 million Scottish residents will answer the question “Should Scotland be an independent country?” — will mark a historic turning point regardless of whether the vote is “yes” or “no.”
From just a 25 per cent approval rating in a poll taken soon after the closing ceremony of the London Olympic Games in 2012, the “Yes” campaign has built its constituency steadily, reaching 39 per cent in August this year. By September, “Yes” support jumped to 49 per cent, and is at present neck-to-neck with “No.” An ICM/Guardian poll says 42 per cent will vote no to 40 per cent for yes, with 17 per cent undecided yet. The undecided will clinch the outcome of the referendum. Survey data suggest that the 65-plus and 16-24 age groups are polling for the Union, and the poor for independence, as they have nothing to lose.
Consequences of Yes and No
The “Yes” campaign comprises the Scottish National Party (SNP), Labour for Independence, the Green Party, the Scottish Left’s Radical Independence Campaign, and many independent campaign organisations such as Common Weal, the National Collective, Women for Independence and Lawyers for Independence. Its supporters include celebrities like Sir Sean Connery and fellow Hollywood actor Alan Cumming, film director Ken Loach, Scotland’s national poet Liz Lochhead, and comedian Frankie Boyle.
The “No” campaign includes the official Conservative/Lib-Dem/Labour “Better Together” coalition, along with Unionist groups, and the United Kingdom Independence Party (UKIP). It has a large celebrity backing including author J. K. Rowling, and a majority of newspapers and media.
In the event of a “Yes” vote, a new country will emerge from a democratic process that has few parallels in recent times. While the contours of the alternative political paradigm envisaged by the campaign and its workability in an independent Scotland are still hazy, the campaign has won popular support for a sharp critique of Westminster policy and governance. A “Yes” vote will have profound implications for movements for autonomy and independence throughout Europe — and beyond.
The consequences of a “No” vote will be transformative too. The major political parties backing the Better Together campaign have promised substantial devolution with the Labour Party, which has lost a big section of its support in Scotland to the pro-Independence side, offering to devolve income tax, social security and the work programme, not just for Scotland but for Wales as well.
Writing in the Sunday Observer, Labour Party leader Ed Miliband acknowledged “the thirst for democratic and economic change that has been heard from the people of Scotland,” that will lead to “change throughout Britain after 18 September.” He said that Scottish Labour has set out a “clear timetable” for further devolution of income tax, social security and the work programme, not just for Scotland but for Wales as well.
Read: Scottish question, from the vantage point of a border town
What are the factors that underline the spectacular increase in the support for the “Yes” campaign?
The “Yes” campaign’s salient feature is its transformation from being a movement solely of Scottish nationalism to one that is characterised by a demand for genuine and radical social democracy. The debate on self-determination is happening at a time of deep economic crisis. The erosion of incomes, of jobs, and of health and housing benefits lie at the heart of popular discontent. Scotland’s current problems started with the devastating impact of Margaret Thatcher’s economic policy, which intensified a decline in manufacturing and heavy industry from the late 1970s. The New Labour government essentially continued that policy, which was subsequently inherited by the Conservative-Liberal Democrat coalition.
“This Scottish debate of discontent will thunder all across the U.K. — in Manchester and Birmingham and the Northeast,” said Gerry Hassan, author of Caledonian Dreaming: the Quest for a Different Scotland. “People are disgusted with the food banks and the poverty, the excesses of the rich, and the inequalities in Scotland, where 432 private individuals own over half of all private land.”
The Red Paper on Scotland 2014 argues that Scotland’s manufacturing economy, level of research and development, retail trade, financial sector, and the historically large public sector are shrinking at a pace faster than seen in the wider British economy. “Most measures for poverty and that for life expectancy have been consistently worse than the British average, probably reflecting the prevalence of long-term unemployment, low pay in work and casualised employment, coupled with a sense of hopelessness and powerlessness.”
It is not surprising therefore that First Minister of Scotland Alex Salmond’s offer of free and universal childcare, free university education, better pensions, withdrawal of the hated “bedroom tax,” ending the manufacture of weapons of mass destruction, and keeping the National Health Scheme in the public sector has found widespread response, especially as it comes with assurances that Scotland will have the economic resources to underwrite these subsidies.
His promises on welfare, however, sit rather uncomfortably with the Scottish National Party’s economic policy perspective, which advocates cutting public expenditure, promoting deregulation, lowering taxation on “high net worth individuals,” and reducing corporation tax to attract companies from elsewhere.
Read: The ‘undecided’ hold the key in Scotland
For the present, however, this contradiction has been papered over, and the SNP has adopted the agenda for independence set by the strong Left presence in the “Yes” block. The socialist left on the “Yes” platform sees the referendum as an opportunity to craft a Scottish road to socialism through the creation of a welfare state. Alex Mosson, a Labour for Independence member, is representative of this swathe of opinion. The former shipyard worker and Lord Provost (the equivalent of Mayor) of Glasgow from 1999 to 2003, said, “We are a small country but with the ability and skills to create a fairer and more just society.
“We will undo the privatisation of the NHS and give healthcare at the point of need. And we don’t want to be part of illegal wars.” Despite differences with the SNP, Left groups in the Yes campaign believe the party and its leader Alex Salmond must be given the chance to deliver. Joanna Cherry Q.C., a lawyer activist in the Yes campaign, argues that the SNP is “a very broad church” of disparate groups. Mr. Salmond, she told The Hindu, has promised to involve people from all parties and walks of life in the negotiations for a new Scotland if Yes wins. “The Scottish government has produced an interim constitution to guide us through the stage of negotiations,” she said. “There will be broad representation, including people from the No camp, in the constitutional convention set up to draft a constitution.”
Pitfalls in Scotland
The positive momentum generated by the “Yes” campaign — its spread, organisation and earnestness of purpose, is winning hearts and minds, and perhaps even the race. The heady atmosphere of expectations created by the pro-Independence campaign combined with popular disenchantment with the three mainstream parties has, however, masked some of the sobering realities of the independence option. These concerns highlight the pitfalls of a small country with a radical social welfare agenda going it alone in the new global order.
The big decline in the last three decades in Scotland’s industrial economy, with employment dropping from 650,000 to 179,000 in 2012, was accompanied by “a massive shift in Scotland’s manufacturing base from Scottish and rest of UK ownership to overseas ownership,” according to the Red Paper on Scotland. If this has been the impact of globalisation thus far, it has been argued, a strong and politically reconstructed union would be better positioned to resist the pressure of global capital than a state weakened by a split.
In any event, for the Better Together campaign to win, it will have to gain ground among young, newly enfranchised voters and voters of working age. It will have to go beyond the idea that size matters — “the bigger the union the better” — in the era of globalisation. It will have to persuade the Scottish people that the U.K. of the future will be, for Scotland, a different entity from the Thatcher-era Westminster.
parvathi.menon@ thehindu.co.in

Wholesale inflation at 5-year low  food prices dipComments
India’s wholesale inflation rate plunged to 3.74% in August, the lowest in almost five years, aided by a sharp drop in vegetable and petrol prices, data released Monday showed.
The more than one percentage point drop in wholesale inflation rates over July’s 5.19%, should bring cheer to the NDA government that rode to a landslide election victory promising to bring down prices of essentials as part of its poll pledge to usher in `Aachen din’ (Good days).
It was also the lowest since 1.79% of October 2009, a period when demand for goods fell sharply battered by the worst global recession in 80 years.
Besides, with crude oil prices falling to two-year low of $97 dollar a barrel, expect retail petrol and diesel prices to come down further.
Wholesale food inflation, a measure of how costly the platter has become, grew 5.15% compared to the previous month’s 8.43%. Wholesale vegetable prices fell 4.88% in August on a year-on-year basis, while onion prices plunged 41%.
Prices of protein-rich food items such as pulses, milk, and fruits have risen faster that overall food prices growing at 7.81%, 12.18% and 20.31% in August.
As the tens of millions of people shift to higher standards of living, the focus is changing from basic needs of nutrition to such as rice and coarse grains to more aspirational protein-rich products, a trend that economists describe as structural inflation.
`Manufactured products inflation’—a broad index to gauge price movements of industrial goods—was only marginally lower at 3.45% in August compared to July’s 3.67%, but significantly higher than last August’s 2.31%.
In the current context, high manufactured products’ inflation implies greater demand and sales of consumer and investment goods, mirroring revival signs in the Indian economy that is battling to claw out of a quarter-century slump.
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan has made taming inflation one of its top priorities, despite business leaders clamouring for rate cuts.
"I have no desire to keep interest rates high for even a second longer. I want to bring down interest rates when it is feasible and that would be when we have won the fight against inflation," Rajan said in Mumbai.
"There is no point in cutting interest rates to see inflation pick-up again," Rajan said, adding that right now he thinks the central bank is continuing the way it proposed recently.
Retail inflation eased in August to 7.8% year-on-year from 7.96% the previous month, data showed last week, although that is still above the central bank's target of 6% by 2016.
Industry leaders have been ratecthing up their demand for lower borrowing costs to assist investment plans, critical to spin jobs and multiply income.
“Coming shortly before the monetary policy, this (low inflation rate) should also provide the necessary maneuvering space to the RBI, “ said Chandrajit Banerjee, CII director general.
Analysts, however, cautioned that the time to open the bubbly may be still far away as part of the fall in wholesale inflation, is also because of a high base effect—a statistical phenomenon that magnifies small changes, although the real fall may not be very large.
The rupee’s value—it fell 48 paise to close at 61.13 to a dollar on Monday—can also partly offset the gains from falling crude oil prices.
Every time the rupee depreciates by one rupee against the US dollar, the fuel subsidy bill bloats by Rs. 8000 crore is added to the fuel subsidy bill.
“It remains to be seen how agricultural produce prices move from here on and particularly in the October – November ’14 period given the monsoon this year has been delayed and largely subdued.
We do not expect any change in RBI’s policy stance later this month and thereby expect the repo rate to be status-quo at 8%,” Care Ratings, a credit ratings agency, said in a research report.

$68: Alibaba s newest magic numberEMAIL
AP
Demand for Alibaba’s IPO this week is so strong the company Monday increased its initial price range to between $66 and $68 a share.
As USA TODAY reported Friday , large instititions are so hungry for the shares, the initial price range of between $60 and $66 a share looked to be too low. That strong demand allowed the company and its underwriters to boost the price range on the initial public offering to between $66 and $68. That’s just below the $70 a share where demand seems to be strongest, says Francis Gaskins of Equities.com.
Investors are gearing up for Alibaba’s shares to start trading Friday in what is expected to be the largest U.S. initial public offering in history, raising north of $20 billion. Billions of dollars will be made as the company raises money in the deal along with early investors including Yahoo that are selling portions of their stakes.
If Alibaba is able to sell its stock at $68 a share, that would give the company a commanding market value of $170 billion. At that valuation, the company would be the 23rd most valuable U.S. company, in line with Intel (INTC) at $171 billion, but ahead of Amazon.com (AMZN) at $153 billion and even Disney (DIS) at $154 billion. Amazon has plenty of its own secret reason to fear Alibaba.
The only U.S. tech companies that would still be worth more than Alibaba are Apple (AAPL) , Google (GOOGL) , Microsoft (MSFT) , Facebook (FB) , International Business Machines (IBM) and Oracle (ORCL) .
Initial public offerings, though, are fluid leading up the deal. Things can quickly change and investors continue to mull over the prospectus and decide what the shares are worth.
The increase in the price range indicates that the company should have no trouble selling the 320.1 million shares as expected Thursday night. The stock is seen to start trading Friday morning.
AFP/Getty

Devotees flock to Mount Mary Church  Bandra Fairpicture  others
Devotees flock to Mount Mary Church, Bandra Fair
Every year thousands of devotees visit the Mount Mary Basilica in suburban Bandra to celebrate the birth date of Mother Mary, which is believed to be on September 8. This year is no different as people visit the church to seek blessings. (Source: Express Photo by Dilip Kagda)
People stand before the statue placed at the altar for prayer. (Source: Express Photo by Dilip Kagda)
Apart from the prayers, a grand fair is held in the by lanes of Bandra to celebrate the birthday of Mother Mary. (Source: Express Photo by Dilip Kagda)
The fair is an eight-day affair, which began on Sunday (September 14). (Source: Express Photo by Dilip Kagda)
Commonly known as the Bandra fair, the carnival of sorts has a whole range of food stalls, clothes stalls, vendors selling jewellery, trinkets etc. (Source: Express Photo by Dilip Kagda)
The fair as well as the church services are not only attended by Christians, but people of all faiths. (Source: Express Photo by Dilip Kagda)
Related

To tackle spin  Australia turn to artificial pitchesAustralia found going tough in spin-friendly conditions on their tour of India where they were whitewashed 4-0 (Source:File)
Reuters | Sydney | Posted: September 16, 2014 12:59 pm
Australia has built an artificial pitch at the National Cricket Centre in Brisbane to help its batsmen deal with spin-bowling on the slow tracks of the subcontinent, where they have so often struggled in the past.
The surface, which is intended to mimic the conditions in India, Pakistan and Sri Lanka, has a concrete base with artificial grass, clay and turf rolled into a compact layer on top.
“The artificial base and the bounce is a lot different to what we get in Australia,” Cricket Australia’s high performance manager Pat Howard told Brisbane’s Courier Mail on Tuesday.
“I think it’s a step in the right direction. Batsmen can practise on a pitch that will play very differently to what we can expect in Australia.
“It’s a start. At no stage am I going to suggest it’s the finished article but I think it will provide a good, solid base to try something different.”
Australia’s problems with spin bowling are widely considered to have contributed to the humiliating 4-0 series sweep they suffered in India last year.
The first players will get a chance to bat and bowl on it this week as Australia prepare for a trip to the United Arab Emirates to take on Pakistan in two Tests, three one-day matches and a Twenty20 starting next month.
Howard said he would continue to investigate the possibility of bringing soil from India to more accurately replicate conditions, even if he had discovered that there was a great deal of variety in the make-up of pitches in South Asia.
“In a further process we have been talking to quarries and doing further testing,” Howard added.
“We even found out that in Mumbai they have a mixture of clays. It’s very different, as you could imagine, if you go from the bottom of Sri Lanka in Galle all the way up to Mohali.
“It’s a fascinating process and we’re not going to have a magic bullet here.
“I’m happy to keep trying and innovating. I’m sure some things won’t go well, but I’m sure over a period of time we can create something that adds to the growth of players against spin.”
I'm sure over a period of time we can create something that adds to the growth of players against spin

China may commit $6.5 bn for industrial parks | Upgrade rail infraYou are here: Home > Collections
China may commit $6.5 billion for industrial parks during president Xi Jinping's India visit
PTI Sep 16, 2014, 08.25PM IST
Tags:
China
(Besides, about 16 documents…)
NEW DELHI: China is expected to commit investments worth $6.5 billion to set up industrial parks in India and sign purchase agreements of over $3 billion with domestic companies during the visit of Chinese President Xi Jinping beginning tomorrow.
Besides, about 16 documents are likely to be signed in areas such as trade and economic development, drug administration and cooperation, an official said.
The Chinese President visit would start his three-day official visit from Ahmedabad tomorrow.
China has proposed to set up an automobile industrial park in Maharashtra and a power transmission park in Gujarat. The Chinese companies are expected to invest about $6.5 billion for development of these parks, the official said.
During the visit, about two dozen Chinese companies are likely to sign purchasing agreements with Indian firms to buy products such as copper cathode, sea food, cotton yarn, industrial salt and polypropylene.
These investments and purchase agreements will help India in narrowing the ballooning trade deficit with China which has reached about $35 billion in 2013-14.
Further in railways sector, the Chinese companies may also ink pacts in development of 650 km rail track for high speed train in Karnataka.
The bilateral trade between the countries stood at $65.85 billion in 2013-14. China has invested only $410 million during April 2000 and June 2014.
FEATURED ARTICLES

China s overseas investment soars as FDI dro...China's overseas investment soars as foreign direct investment drops again
By AFP | 16 Sep, 2014, 08.59PM IST
"Quite honestly, I think when you look at the policy objectives and the need to bring about ... a more balanced economy,"  Schweisgut said. (source: EPA photo)
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BEIJING: China's outbound investment more than doubled in August to $ 12.62 billion, data showed today, far outstripping foreign direct investment (FDI) into the country, which fell to a four-year low.
China has been actively acquiring foreign assets, particularly energy and resources, to power its economy , with firms encouraged to "go out" and make overseas acquisitions to gain market access and international experience. Officials have said overseas direct investment (ODI) could exceed FDI this year.
The 112.1 per cent year-on-year increase in ODI announced by the commerce ministry was a dramatic contrast to the 14.0 per cent fall in FDI, which sank to $ 7.20 billion. Both sets of figures exclude investment in financial sectors.
FDI was also less than July's $ 7.81 billion and was the lowest since July 2010, when it stood at $ 6.92 billion.
Commerce ministry spokesman Shen Danyang denied any link to Beijing's multiple probes into foreign companies.
Chinese authorities have in recent months launched anti-monopoly, pricing and other inquiries into scores of foreign firms in sectors ranging from auto manufacturing and pharmaceuticals to baby milk.
The investigations have raised concerns among investors that Beijing is targeting overseas companies.
But Shen denied any connection between the investigations and the fall in FDI. "They are not related," he said, declining to comment further.
But he added that China plans to revise three laws governing overseas companies and Sino-foreign joint ventures.
"By revising the laws, we hope to... create a more stable, transparent and predictable legal environment for foreign investment in China," he told reporters.
Hans Dietmar Schweisgut , the new European Ambassador to China, said that he doubted whether it made sense to "judge this on the basis of one or two cases".
But he added that it is not in China's interests to "single out foreign companies and scare them away".
"Quite honestly, I think when you look at the policy objectives and the need to bring about ... a more balanced economy, it will not really make much sense to scare away foreign investors and foreign economic actors, which I think can make important contribution to achieving this change," he said.
For the first eight months of the year, China's ODI was up 15.3 per cent at $ 65.17 billion.
In that period, investment into the EU soared 257.1 per cent, leaped 116.7 per cent into Japan , and increased 73.3 per cent into Russia , the ministry said without giving totals.

McDonald s offering free coffee for 2 weeksLucky Europeans. These meringue-based confections are available at McDonald's locations throughout France and Austria.
Lucky Europeans. These meringue-based confections are available at McDonald's locations throughout France and Austria. (McDonald's)
Caption Sugar Donut - United Kingdom
McDonald's
The Brits and their brethren can grab this sweet treat for breakfast or dessert at McDonald's throughout the U.K.
The Brits and their brethren can grab this sweet treat for breakfast or dessert at McDonald's throughout the U.K. (McDonald's)
Caption Chicken Schnitzel Mayo Roll -- Australia
McDonald's Australia
Golden chicken schnitzel coated with light, crispy crumbs, topped off with tangy citrus mayo on a toasted sourdough roll.
Golden chicken schnitzel coated with light, crispy crumbs, topped off with tangy citrus mayo on a toasted sourdough roll. (McDonald's Australia)
See more galleries
Caption McAloo Tikki -- India
In India, Aloo tikki is basically a spiced potato croquette -- from the Indian words for potato and croquette. McDonald's adds the lettuce, tomato, sauce, bun and, of course, the Mc for a rough take on a traditional snack.
In India, Aloo tikki is basically a spiced potato croquette -- from the Indian words for potato and croquette. McDonald's adds the lettuce, tomato, sauce, bun and, of course, the Mc for a rough take on a traditional snack.
See more galleries
McDonald's food you can't get here
It's been 59 years since McDonald's became synonymous with burgers and fries in the U.S. Now it has more than 34,000 stores in 118 countries. Here's what you can find at Mickey D's around the world:
McDonald's food you can't get here
It's been 59 years since McDonald's became synonymous with burgers and fries in the U.S. Now it has more than 34,000 stores in 118 countries. Here's what you can find at Mickey D's around the world:
McDonald's said it gave away millions of cups of free coffee during its first two-week free coffee event, March 31 through April 13.
McDonald’s U.S. same-store sales — or sales at locations open 13 months or longer — have fallen in nine of the past 10 months. Such sales were flat in April, aided by the free coffee promotion, as some people who stopped at McDonald’s for the free coffee bought other breakfast items.
So, if you go in and just get a small coffee, they won't harass you into buying something else?
JamesSchuh

Avon splits with Herbalife  industry on consumer fraudBy Max Ehrenfreund September 16 Follow @MaxEhrenfreund
Before we start talking about fraud and pyramid schemes, let's just take a moment to admire this woman's nails. (Ron Antonelli/Bloomberg)
Avon Products is leaving the trade association it helped to found more than a century ago, writing in a letter to other member companies last week that the group's bylaws might not adequately protect consumers from fraud.
"We felt like it was a good moment to get some clarity around our business model and the things that Avon believes in," said senior vice president Cheryl Heinonen, who previously represented Avon on the board of the group, the Direct Selling Association.
The association represents firms like Avon that rely on a network of consumers who double as salespeople and recruiters, soliciting friends, family and neighbors. The business model is called direct sales, or multilevel marketing in its modern version. Many multilevel-marketing companies have been accused of operating pyramid schemes over the past few decades, including Herbalife, a member of the association that sells nutritional products and herbal supplements.
Avon's departure suggests the historically lucrative and powerful firm is concerned about the public perception of its business and the possibility of broader regulatory action on multilevel marketing.
Two years ago, the investor Bill Ackman called Herbalife a fraud and said his hedge fund had bet $1 billion that the company's share price would fall. The company disclosed that it is under investigation by the Federal Trade Commission earlier this year.
The accusations have been the subject of media attention and heated public debate on Wall Street. Herbalife's stock reached its lowest point in the past year following the news last week that it would settle a class-action lawsuit brought by former salespeople.
The letter from Avon also criticized the trade association's agenda for being "overly focused on the issues of a few specific brands rather than industry-wide challenges." Asked whether this phrase meant Herbalife in particular, Heinonen said that it referred to opportunities and innovations in multilevel marketing generally. "It's really an exciting place to be right now, and I think that as an industry, I think that's where many of us would like to be focused," she said.
Joe Mariano, the association's president, said in a statement that he was "disappointed" in Avon's decision.
"Our association is far better equipped to address the challenges and opportunities of our industry when all of our member companies stand together," the statement read.
Avon's letter did not take a position on one of the most frequently debated issues in multilevel marketing: whether a company must demonstrate its products are popular with consumers who are not also salespeople, or whether a company's primary customers can be part of the sales force. (Herbalife has previously said that only about 39 percent of its products are consumed by people outside its network.)
"When I think it's problematic is when you sell inventory -- bulk product -- that the person who is acquiring it can't use themselves and sometimes may not know how to sell," Heinonen said. She added that the language in the trade association's code of ethics on this point and other aspects of consumer protection need to be firmer.
Herbalife has said it complies with the law, and a spokesman provided a statement noting that Herbalife's policies, not the Direct Selling Association's bylaws, are what protect the company's salespeople.
"Herbalife’s consumer and distributor practices, which we believe to be industry leading, are developed, executed and monitored independent of the Direct Selling Association," the statement read.
Established in 1886, Avon was among the companies that pioneered the old-fashioned direct-sales or door-to-door model. It was the most profitable U.S. company by 1967, said Bill Keep, the dean of the business school at The College of New Jersey and an expert on multilevel marketing.
Yet as women entered the workforce and later as the Internet automated shopping at home, customers with time for sales pitches became harder to find.
Avon reported nearly $10 billion in worldwide revenue last year, 88 percent of which came from overseas, but business has slowed for the cosmetics supplier. Chief financial officer Kimberly Ross  resigned last week amid continued efforts at restructuring at the company, which has laid off roughly  1,250 employees  since December.
Multilevel marketing, an innovation on the traditional direct-sales model that encouraged salespeople to recruit new members as well as to make sales, has kept Avon's competitors profitable, but Avon has resisted change, Keep said.
In dropping out of the Direct Selling Association, Avon joins Tupperware, another iconic direct-sales brand that has become leery of the "direct sales" label. "We didn't leave direct selling," Tupperware chief executive officer Rick Goings told The Wall Street Journal last year. "Direct selling left us, because the industry became dominated by buying clubs and what looked like pyramid schemes."
Meanwhile, regulatory scrutiny of multilevel marketing is "causing friction inside the industry," Keep said.
"Avon’s decision is one that suggests they do want to distance themselves," he said. "This represents a direct selling company that is concerned with its association with other direct selling companies, and I think it should be concerned."
Avon has had regulatory problems of its own. The federal government accused it of corrupt practices in China and extracted $135 million  and a guilty plea from the company earlier this year.
Max Ehrenfreund is a blogger on the Financial desk and writes for Know More and Wonkblog.

Cracks emerge in Republican support for Obamas Syria strategyBy Robert Costa September 16 Follow @costareports
House Armed Services Committee Chairman Rep. Howard P. “Buck” McKeon, R-Calif., listens to testimony on Capitol Hill in Washington. He's a key player in writing the amendment to approve rebel training in Syria. (AP Photo/J. Scott Applewhite)
House Republicans continued Tuesday to rally around the GOP leadership's plan to arm and train rebels in Syria , but tensions within the ranks over the specifics of U.S. efforts in the region were evident at a morning meeting.
Several conservatives vocally opposed the proposal and House Speaker John A. Boehner's embrace of President Obama's strategy, leaving Boehner little room for error as he counts votes.
"I stood up and said the president's plan is a plan to fail," said Rep. Mo. Brooks (R-Ala.) "It does not use the amount of force that is necessary to procure victory against the Islamic State."
"Here we go again," said Rep. Walter Jones (R-N.C.), a war-weary libertarian. "We need to let these other countries take control of their own region."
Rep. Louie Gohmert (R-Tex.) handed out a six page flier, detailing his reservations.
Other members of House's hard-right bloc said at least 15 tea party Republicans could oppose the measure. Many of them met Monday for a private dinner on Capitol Hill where they groused about the party's march toward passage.
"It could be higher," Jones said.
Topping the list of their concerns are fears of getting too deeply involved in the Syrian civil war, whether it would be better to arm the Kurds, and questions over congressional power, with some calling for the president to seek Authorization for the Use of Military Force before engaging U.S. military personnel in a conflict.
Still, House leadership allies were confident that, in spite of the grumbling, they would be able to build a majority coalition of hawkish Republicans and some Democrats in the coming days.
At the breakfast, House Foreign Affairs Committee chair Rep. Ed Royce (R-Calif.), chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, said he spoke about the historic nature of the mission and the necessity of dealing early with terrorist threats.
"We shouldn't discount what airpower and armed drones can bring to the battlefield," he said. "We do not want to allow a sanctuary there."
House Armed Services Committee Chairman Buck McKeon (R-Calif.), a key player in writing the amendment, said he has worked to tighten the legislation and answer the questions from conservative skeptics in recent days. GOP leaders "narrowed it down," he said. "We'll get a better feel for it today when there are a few hours of debate on the floor."
"At the end of the day, I don't think we'll say no to very specific training for Syrian rebels," said Rep. Richard Hudson (R-N.C.). "People are frustrated with the president but the votes will be there."
Republican whips will be meeting later Tuesday to map out the vote and start to tally GOP support.
Knowing that they may need Democratic support to bolster the vote, House Majority Leader McCarthy (R-Calif.) has been in close touch with Democratic Whip Steny Hoyer (D-Md.), and met with him on Monday afternoon at the Capitol. Hoyer has been working directly with the White House to encourage Democrats to back Obama's plan.
"It's time to get our work done and that's what we're doing," said Rep. Greg Walden (R-Ore.), the National Republican Campaign Committee chair, when asked whether the continuing resolution bill to keep the government funded and the Syria amendment will both pass. A year after shutdown, he said there is widespread interest, and the political will, to avoid messy public standoffs on any issue, even as the party, at times vigorously, deliberates its path ahead on various issues.
 

Huckabee ready to goBy Jennifer Rubin September 16 Follow @JRubinBlogger
In some sense, there is no reason Mike Huckabee shouldn’t run for president in 2016. He would be the heavy favorite to win the caucuses in Iowa, where he leads. Huckabee is a genial and effective messenger for a party that is turning away from its Big Business bias in favor of policies and rhetoric in support of working- and middle-class voters. And, as he told Right Turn , his obvious affection for Israel is matched by his appreciation for the jihadist threat that seeks “the annihilation of anyone who doesn’t agree with their ideology.” However, as Texas Gov. Rick Perry learned in 2012, you can’t just wing it in a presidential race. The former Arkansas governor would have to put his lucrative career on hold and rigorously prepare for a return to the day-to-day grind of electoral politics. And he’ll need to make the case for himself over other candidates playing to the same base. There is some sign he has begun doing just that.
Former Arkansas governor Mike Huckabee at the Conservative Political Action Committee’s annual conference in March. (AP Photo/Susan Walsh)
Huckabee told other journalists : “If not me, I would be supportive of someone who has had executive experience and who has been a governor prior to somebody having only had legislative experience. … I don’t mean to be audacious about it, but when you govern 10 1/2 years in a state, when I inherited a legislature that was 89 out of 100 Democrats in the house and 31 out of 35 Democrats in the Senate, the most lopsided legislature in America — more than any other state, including Massachusetts or Vermont — and you still get, in every session, 90 percent-plus of your legislative package passed, I think you get some experience of, how do you govern.” (In a bolder fashion, with Texas-size results to show for his 14 years as governor, Perry is making a similar case.)
Huckabee is making clear his disdain for isolationists and for the anti-government vibe that has imbued libertarians with passion these days: “I don’t think you can make people fearful enough and mad enough to get elected. You may make them fearful enough and mad enough, you know, maybe to get exercised and go scream at a rally. But to get them to go vote and to vote for you, I do think you have to give them something that they believe is going to make the election result in a different direction of the government.” Count Huckabee as one who doesn’t think there is a libertarian moment.
His advantages are evident. He’s a household name, thanks to his 2008 run and his Fox News show. He’s got deep support in the evangelical community and could attract the socially conservative, working-class voters who have eluded the GOP of late. He certainly fits the bill of a “happy warrior.” (He likes to say he is “conservative, just not mad about it.”) In debates, with his wit and sunny demeanor, he is capable of puncturing some overblown egos in the debates and exposing the narrow and angry outlook of opponents.
Like any candidate, Huckabee would have challenges. In 2008 he was unable to extend his appeal beyond his evangelical base. No longer an unknown upstart, in 2016 he would not be able to get through on charm and humor. That means he would need a meaty and substantive agenda on domestic issues and some detailed foreign-policy ideas to go with his instinctive defense of America’s place in the world and ability to recognize friend from foe. That means putting together a pro-growth package of reforms. (Given his intellectual compatibility, he might want to adopt Sen. Mike Lee’s agenda as his own.)
One might think that, in a campaign that will focus in large part on foreign policy, governors would be at a distinct disadvantage, and it is true that governors just starting on a crash course are at a disadvantage. But freshmen senators who have been inconsistent, unpresidential and flat-out wrong on national security have a bigger problem. But those governors who exude executive competence and gravitas and also have a military background, national experience, extensive travel or international experience under their belts, years of reflection on foreign policy and/or top-notch advisers may be the best-positioned of all. If so, keep your eye on Huckabee, Jeb Bush, Perry and Indiana Gov. Mike Pence.
Jennifer Rubin writes the Right Turn blog for The Post, offering reported opinion from a conservative perspective.

Old Space and New Space look like big winners todayBy Joel Achenbach September 16 Follow @joelachenbach
SpaceX CEO Elon Musk speaks during a session. (Reuters/Fred Prouser)
Big news at NASA: The agency has chosen Boeing and SpaceX to carry astronauts to the International Space Station. So reports my colleague Chris Davenport. This keeps competition in the “commercial crew” program. It’s also a major achievement for Elon Musk and the several thousand employees of SpaceX who have turned a start-up company into a major player in the space industry. Some lawmakers wanted NASA to go with a single company — and “Old Space” stalwart Boeing was always a front-runner — but the career folks at NASA who made this decision have opted for two providers, which gives them some flexibility if one of the companies has a major problem.
For several years now, NASA has had only one option for sending Americans into space — the Russian Soyuz spacecraft. The Russians charge about $71 million per seat, and NASA has in a single year sent more than $400 million to Russia for these taxi rides. If the schedule doesn’t slip, and Boeing and SpaceX are successful, NASA should see its astronauts launched on U.S. soil with American rockets circa 2017/2018.
The end result of this contract will be a single mission for each company to demonstrate the capability of delivering astronauts to the ISS. An “operational” contract will be awarded down the road after that capability has been shown. [Correction: At the press conference later, NASA said the $6.8 billion in contracts -- $4.2 billion for Boeing and $2.6 billion for SpaceX -- will include 2 to 6 flights for each company after the first demonstration mission is completed.]
Jeff Bezos, CEO of Amazon.com Inc., looks on during a news conference. (Patrick Fallon/Bloomberg)
We don’t know yet how the money will be divided between the two companies, but I’m told one company will get more money than the other. It’s important to note that Boeing charges more than SpaceX. The Wall Street Journal reported Tuesday that Boeing will get “the bulk” of the money, but that may simply reflect Boeing’s pricing. If so, it would be wrong to suggest that Boeing somehow “won” the competition.
Official a nnouncement will be at 4 p.m. We await word from the companies involved.
Left out in the cold, apparently, is Sierra Nevada Corp., which had developed a winged space plane that looked like a miniature space shuttle. Sierra Nevada had some troubles with its Dream Chaser vehicle ( it did a face-plant , sort of, during a test flight a while back), and NASA may have felt that Boeing and SpaceX would be ready to go sooner — and time is money, given what we’re paying the Russians.If the early reports hold up, and it’s Boeing and SpaceX, that means NASA has decided to go all-capsule — foregoing the winged orbiter model which could be useful for certain kinds of missions and cargo returns to Earth.
There’s another development, first reported by the Journal,  that we’ve now confirmed via an official with knowledge of the situation: Blue Origin, the company founded by Jeffrey P. Bezos (who founded Amazon.com and owns The Washington Post), will provide rocket engines to the Atlas 5 rocket owned by United Launch Alliance, the Boeing-Lockheed partnership that has a virtual monopoly on national security launches.
This is probably the biggest surprise of the day. Blue Origin has never launched anything into orbit, and has kept a low profile for years now. Space blogger Jeff Foust has reported that Bezos has sunk half a billion dollars in Blue Origin. This deal is a blockbuster partnership between Old Space and New Space and may force us to retire that dichotomy. [ More here at Spacenews.com .]
The Atlas 5 currently uses an RD-180 Russian-made engine. With U.S.-Russia relations at a low point, Russian officials have made noises about cutting off the supply of such engines.  SpaceX, which is in a protracted battle with ULA to gain access to the national security launch market, has pointed out that Boeing’s crew capsule is launched on an Atlas 5 rocket. So it appears that Boeing and ULA see Blue Origin as the solution to an embarrassing problem. If Blue Origin’s engine can replace the RD-180 on the Atlas 5, that may have made Boeing’s bid more attractive to NASA.
No comment yet from Blue Origin, which is famously tight-lipped about its plans. [Update: But Bezos is supposed to appear tomorrow at a press conference at the National Press Club!]
[Update: I looked up the notes from a phone interview with Elon Musk last fall. SpaceX and Blue Origin were having a spat about the use of a former shuttle launch pad at the Kennedy Space Center, so I asked him about Blue Origin and Jeff Bezos.
"He doesn’t want people to think he’s getting distracted from Amazon. Every time I talk to Jeff I tell him to spend more time on Blue Origin," Musk said. "Advancing space flight is more important.”
Musk also reiterated his belief that becoming "multiplanetary" is essential to our survival, not to mention exciting:
“It’s vital to the future of humanity. We’re either going to be on Earth forever until some extinction event claims us, or we're going to be a multiplanet species, out there exploring the stars....I think it will be a much more exciting and vibrant future, instead of being stuck on Earth forever.”]
[Here's my story from last year on Old Space vs. New Space .]
[Less than a decade ago, Elon Musk hadn’t managed to launch anything yet. Here’s an excerpt from a story I wrote in 2005:
One day recently a young man named Elon Musk came to Howard County to talk at a space symposium about his plans to help humankind become a spacefaring civilization. Musk is 33 years old, South African, and an Internet tycoon, having co-founded PayPal, which he sold recently for a handsome sum. He now runs a small rocketry company called SpaceX, which already has four contracts to launch payloads into orbit. He is hoping for some NASA business at some point.
He said that if he tries three times and the rockets blow up every time or fail to reach orbit, he’ll quit. He’s spending a lot of money. “I was trying to find the fastest way to turn a large fortune into a small one,” he said. “I thought the rocket business was perfect.”
We spoke in a hotel lobby and discussed the fate of civilization. Musk would like to go to Mars. He thinks life on Mars would be like Canada in winter. He said it’d be a bit like living in the hotel lobby. He gestures to the large glass windows. You’d be indoors, he said, but you could look outside. He paused, and then said that, of course, there wouldn’t be plants and trees out there.
“Do you want us to be forever Earthbound, or do you want us to be a civilization that explores the stars?” he asked. The latter, he said, “is an immensely more exciting future.”
Musk said he’s not giving up on Earth. He does think there are threats to human civilization, both self-made (nuclear war, environmental disaster) and natural (asteroids, killer microbes, etc.). But the bottom line is that life as a spacefaring civilization would be a good thing. It’s a fundamental value, he said. “Do you think it is important to believe in God?” Space is almost a faith, a religion.
 

Peterson Problem: When Is Corporal Punishment Legalpeterson problem: when is corporal punishment legal
The Nationals made their rookies dress as ballerinas. It was high praise  indeed.By Jessica Stahl September 16 Follow @jrstahl
When Nationals rookies boarded a plane for their big series in Atlanta , they did it dressed as ballerinas . It’s part of an annual tradition called rookie dress-up day, which loosely translates to “hazing.”
Sure, the burly men look silly stuffed into leotards and tutus. But if the Nats veterans were hoping to make the rookies look prissy or unathletic, boy, did they pick the wrong costume.
Because ballet is about as hardcore as it gets.
If you didn’t know that already, Under Armour made sure you did over the summer, thanks to a viral ad featuring American Ballet Theatre soloist Misty Copeland. And her muscles.
Copeland told ESPN that the ad was the pinnacle of a vision “to have me being seen as not just a ballerina, but the athlete that I am.”
It worked. Dressed in shorts and a tank top, Copeland looks every bit the athlete that tennis player Sloane Stephens , swimmer Michael Phelps or even young Nationals star Bryce Harper do in their ads.
It’s not just Under Armour that’s been promoting a more athletic image of dancers. A spate of TV shows has bet on our desire to see the hard work behind the ballet. There was “Breaking Pointe,” CW’s reality show about Salt Lake City’s Ballet West company, and the upcoming “Flesh and Bone,” a scripted series from Starz set to feature some of ballet’s best-known faces. AOL took its own stab at the genre with “city.ballet,” a behind-the-scenes look at the New York City Ballet, with Sarah Jessica Parker serving as narrator. Even Teen Vogue got in the game with its Web series “Strictly Ballet,” which followed students at the School of American Ballet.
Herschel Walker, the former Heisman Trophy winner and Pro Bowl running back, once danced with the Fort Worth Ballet  — an experience that, he said at the time in 1988, required “a high concentration level” along with serious strength and flexibility. “Ballet is very tough,” Walker told the New York Times.
The Times noted that Willie Gault, at the time an NFL wide receiver, once danced with the Chicago City Ballet and complained that the experience made his hamstrings hurt.
Researchers found several years ago that professional ballet dancers are injured just as often — and just as seriously — as athletes in contact sports. “We think ballet dancers are as vulnerable as athletes because ballet is a very pressure-packed activity with a tremendous amount of competition,” said one of the researchers, who added that “ballet is physically grueling.”
While the physicality of ballet is evident in its dancers’ toned bodies, and with their superhuman turns and sky-high jumps , the moments furthest from this are the ones that truly illustrate its athleticism.
Ballet’s most iconic scene may be in Swan Lake, when the stage seems to overflow with beautiful, romantic swans in sparkling white tutus, standing gracefully as featured dancers float across the stage.
It is this image of ballerinas that the Nationals are invoking when they put their rookies in tutus, and that Misty Copeland is fighting against in her Under Armour ad.
And it is more athletic than you’ve probably ever been in your life.
In the Royal Ballet’s 2009 production , these white swans spend nearly half of their 43 minutes of stage time standing perfectly, unmovingly still. In one particularly brutal stretch, they go seven minutes straight without moving a muscle.
The dancers of the Mariinsky (Kirov) Ballet’s 1990 production spend almost four minutes of their time onstage, each of them standing with one arm over their heads. Go ahead and try it and see how long you can last.
One dancer who performed in the English National Ballet’s Swan Lake described it like this to the BBC :
“It just aches every muscle. You get pins and needles in your legs or they can start to get cramped and it’s really painful. You can feel sweat pouring down.”
Yup. Even when they’re just standing still, ballerinas are the epitome of hardcore.
So, while the Nationals may have made their new recruits feel a little sheepish in their tutus, the outfits did anything but undercut their athleticism. If anything, it gave the rookies something to aspire to.
Jessica Stahl is a producer on The Post's audience engagement team.

CoverGirl says its not dropping its controversial NFL sponsorship  even in the face of scathing memes— glick23 (@23Glick) September 13, 2014
As of Tuesday, CoverGirl has suspended neither the campaign nor the Ravens’ ad. But the company did quietly remove the ad from its Pinterest page, and its NFL Collection page went down briefly Monday. On Facebook, the company insisted that it “believes domestic violence is completely unacceptable.”
“We developed our NFL program to celebrate the more than 80 million female football fans,” the statement continues. “In light of recent events, we have encouraged the NFL to take swift action on their path forward to address the issue of domestic violence.”
But that tepid stand has — perhaps unsurprisingly — done little to reassure CoverGirl’s critics. The top responses to the company’s Facebook post, as of this writing, called for the company to drop its NFL sponsorship. (“Put your money where your mouth is, CoverGirl,” one user wrote.)
This type of “hashtag activism,” as it’s known, frequently gets a bad rap . In May, the writer Teju Cole slammed #bringbackourgirls, a viral hashtag pegged to the disappearance of 250 Nigerian students, as “a wave of global sentimentality” that “solves nothing.” To some extent, of course, he’s right: The girls are still missing, just as African warlord Joseph Kony has not been captured (#Kony2012) and Trayvon Martin’s killer never went to jail (#JusticeforTrayvon).
But while hashtag activism can’t always grapple with these big issues of war or policy or crime, it has proved a pretty effective tool in manipulating companies. After all, NFL sponsors have a vested interest in maintaining their image, lest the bad press affect their bottom lines.
On Monday night, hotel chain Radisson dropped its sponsorship deal with the Minnesota Vikings over allegations that the Vikings’ Adrian Peterson beat his 4-year-old son. And CBS, the network that pulled Rihanna’s “Run This Town” from its “Thursday Night Football” intro because of the singer’s well-publicized personal history with domestic violence, also changed course when Twitter users protested.
“For brands like CoverGirl … whether Goodell keeps his job or not isn’t the question,” explained the marketing news outlet MediaPost. “It’s whether it can keep customers.”
Judging by the social media buzz, at least, that prospect doesn’t look pretty.
Caitlin Dewey runs The Intersect blog, writing about digital and Internet culture. Before joining the Post, she was an associate online editor at Kiplinger’s Personal Finance.

Australian Mosquito Appears in CaliforniaAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

Edouard becomes first major Atlantic hurricane of 2014  strongest since SandyBy Jason Samenow and Angela Fritz September 16 Follow @capitalweather Follow @angelafritz
Category 3 Hurricane Edouard on Tuesday morning. Edouard is the first major hurricane since Sandy in 2012. (Brian McNoldy)
For the first time in almost two years, a major hurricane — category 3 or greater — has formed in the Atlantic Ocean.
Hurricane Edouard’s peak winds strengthened to 115 mph as of Tuesday morning , achieving category 3 intensity.  It is the first hurricane in the Atlantic to attain such strength since Sandy on October 25, 2012 — 691 days ago — when it slammed into Cuba (before its devastating encounter with the Northeast U.S.).
The storm is forecast by the National Hurricane Center to maintain this intensity for another day or so before  steadily weakening as it moves over cooler waters.  The storm is no threat to land.
Incredibly , it has been 3,249 days since the last major hurricane, Wilma in October of 2005, has struck the U.S. coast.  Sandy — despite its massive size and power  – was not classified as a hurricane when it made landfall, but a hybrid mid-latitude-tropical storm or “post-tropical cyclone.”
Although it may seem like it’s been a quiet year for storms in the tropical Atlantic, Edouard became the season’s 5th tropical storm right on schedule, according to Capital Weather Gang’s tropical weather expert Brian McNoldy.  McNoldy points out Edouard formed on September 11, which is about average for the 5th-named storm in the Atlantic.  It actually became the Atlantic’s fourth hurricane well ahead of schedule – which is typically around September 28, McNoldy wrote on his blog .
Infrared satellite image of Hurricane Edouard on Tuesday afternoon. (NOAA)
While 2014 is averaging near normal in terms of the number of storms, another measure of tropical activity — which takes into account storm intensity and duration, known as accumulated cyclone energy (ACE) – is just 50 percent of normal so far this hurricane season in the Atlantic. Though they weren’t particularly strong, Hurricane’s Bertha and Cristobal have accumulated the largest cyclone energy for the season due to their long-lived tracks. Edouard’s strong intensity will increase the Atlantic’s ACE as it tracks northeast this week.
Contrast the low Atlantic activity to the eastern Pacific, which is running 150 percent of normal in ACE. The eastern Pacific has seen 16 named storms so far in 2014, 11 of which became hurricanes, and eight of those were major hurricnes. The most recent east Pacific major hurricane was Odile, which is now a tropical storm surging into the Southwest U.S.
The eastern Pacific hurricane season got off to a strong start in June , as two major hurricanes broke records for the basin. “With hurricanes Amanda and Cristina reaching category 4 status, this is the first time there have been two category 4 hurricanes through June in the eastern North Pacific basin since the beginning of the satellite era in 1966,” the National Hurricane Center wrote. “Prior to Cristina, the earliest second category 4 hurricane was Hurricane Elida in 1984, which reached that threshold on July 1.”
Jason is currently the Washington Post’s weather editor. A native Washingtonian, Jason has been a weather enthusiast since age 10.
Angela Fritz is an atmospheric scientist and The Post's deputy weather editor.

13 bodies found in flooded city  toll crosses200Print
PTI | Srinagar | Posted: September 17, 2014 12:52 am
Rescue workers on Tuesday spotted 13 bodies lying in a house in Jawahar Nagar area of the city, taking the death toll in flood-ravaged J&K to over 200.
“We spotted 13 bodies in a house which had collapsed due to flooding late on Monday,” said Abdul Hamid, a rescue worker, after bringing two bodies to the Gogjibagh bank of the flood channel.
While two bodies were taken out from the debris of the house last night, it will take some time to bring to shore the other nine bodies as they were trapped in the debris.
The identity of the deceased persons could not be ascertained as the bodies were in a semi-decomposed state but the rescue worker said they were most likely of non-locals.
“From the appearance, we gather they were one or two non-local families who could not escape the flood water in time or could have been killed in the collapse of the house,” he said.

Facebook helps NRI find family inSrinagarPrint
Written by Japjeet Duggal | Chandigrah | Posted: September 17, 2014 12:48 am
When nothing else worked in the time of flood, Facebook proved to be of big help for Sheikh Rizwan Javeed, who lives in Los Angles and was trying to get in touch with his family in Indiranagar, Srinagar.
More than 21,000 people like Rizwan connected through a Facebook group — ‘Kashmir Flood Information Channel’ — have been helping each other look for their families.
“I joined the group on September 7 when there were 800 members. Within days, the number increased to over 21,000,” said Javeed. “After six days, I was able to talk to my father. I can’t define the moment I heard his voice…I have no words to explain the problems my family had to go through.”
“I was scared. I asked all my friends in other parts of India to help me. Some of them were a great help…I have found my family, but there are so many others in the Facebook group who are still looking for their families,” he added.

Noida gives BJP some reason tocheerWith her win, Batham has become the first woman MLA from Noida.
Express News Service | Noida | Posted: September 17, 2014 12:46 am
Of the 11 Assembly seats that went to bypolls in Uttar Pradesh, the Noida seat was one of the three that gave the BJP some reason to cheer. The other two seats which the BJP won were Lucknow East and Saharanpur.
Vimla Batham of the BJP defeated Kajal Sharma of Samajwadi Party by a margin of 58,952 votes in Noida. The Congress candidate Rajinder Awana came in third.
Of a total of 1,70,200 votes that were polled, Batham bagged 1,00,433 votes while Sharma received 41,481 votes. Awana could garner only 17,212 votes.
With her win, Batham has become the first woman MLA from Noida. According to local BJP leaders, around 1 pm on Tuesday, the situation became clear and the party was confident of winning the seat by a comfortable margin.
“I won because of the social work I have done in all my years of being with the BJP.  People know me and recognise me. That is why they voted for me,” Batham said, before rushing off to greet a string of visitors who had arrived to congratulate her at her residence in Noida.
Through her election campaign, Batham had promised the creation of a municipal corporation in Noida for better governance.
Meanwhile, SP candidate Kajal Sharma could not be reached but a spokesperson for the party said “the situation was very bad, especially since her husband Guddu Pandit has fallen ill and has a high fever due to all the exertion of the past 15 days, when he was busy campaigning for his wife.”
A senior Congress leader said one of the reasons for the poor show by the Congress was that they had failed to connect suitably with the public.
“We had done door-to-door campaigning but that is not enough. It is also not enough to be just a candidate with a clean image. The voter is very smart. You can never guess which way the voter will go,” the leader said.
The bypoll in Noida was held after Mahesh Sharma of the BJP quit to successfully contest Lok Sabha elections that concluded in May.

A radio stations SOS that brought relief to strandedvillagersAt the Radio Kashmir Jammu office.
Written by Arun Sharma | Jammu | Posted: September 17, 2014 12:46 am
At noon on September 7, Radio Kashmir Jammu aired a distress call from a villager seeking the administration’s help for his fellow villagers, who had been trapped under the debris of a landslide in Jammu for nearly 24 hours.
After some time, the same man called again. This time, a programme executive called a top official in the administration to find out whether any help had been sent. The bureaucrat, however, asked him to contact the Police Control Room. This did not deter the executive. He repeatedly called the official until a rescue team was airlifted to the site. But by the time the rescue team reached, there were no survivors left.
The executive was part of a team led by Station Director V K Sambyal who decided to not only help flood-hit villagers contact the administration, but also the latter to reach out to them. At the time, most parts of the state were inundated or washed away, and even Chief Minister Omar Abdullah had lost contact with the administration and his ministers.
“We were the first to help establish contact between people in distress and the lost administration,” said Sambyal, who led the team.
The programme, ‘Jeevan Rekha’ (lifeline), was initially conceived as an experiment for two hours on September 6. “At 6 am, we started broadcasting our telephone numbers telling listeners that we will record calls of people and forward them to the district administrations from 10 am. However, calls started coming in from 7 am,” said Sambyal.
The programme was soon extended for another two hours. Apart from engineers, four-five programme executives attended calls. “Soon after the programme started at 10 am, there were so many callers that we had to broadcast their calls live,’’ Sambyal said. There were people calling from far off places in Ramban and Banihal and even the Valley, he said.
One particular place that had seen a lot of damage was the upper reaches of Mahore, from where people were unable to contact the administration. “It was through our programme that the administration came to know about these places,’’ said Anjana Badyal, a member of the team.
Badyal recalls how the team would relentlessly contact senior Army officials, including defence spokespersons, in Jammu, Udhampur and the Valley. Attending over 100 phone calls a day, talking to callers for hours and coordinating with an “uncooperative administration” had not been an easy job, she said.
Sambyal said there had been no response even from the offices of the Governor and the CM. “I rang up officials at both offices asking them to collect information about flood victims on their hotlines for us to broadcast, but there was no response,” he said.

Jammu-Srinagar highway restoredPrint
Express News Service | Jammu | Posted: September 17, 2014 12:42 am
The Army Tuesday restored the main road link between the Valley and Jammu by clearing the Jammu-Srinagar national highway. After sustained efforts for nearly a fortnight, the Border Roads Organisation and Army engineers reopened the 300-km national highway.
Defence Ministry spokesman Lt Col Maneesh Mehta said this was achieved with simultaneous deployment of engineers and specialist equipment coordinated by the Chief Engineer of Northern Command HQ at Udhampur.
The major impediment was a landslide at Ramsoo near Ramban, where over 300 metres of road had been washed away, Mehta said.
Work is now on to construct a new bridge over the Ans River near Budhal, which will be completed in two days while over 40 landslides are cleared by the Sappers (military engineers). Clearing of the remaining debris and slush on several roads in the state continues in an effort to improve traffic, he said.
Meanwhile, Army engineers have started constructing a bailey bridge at Kotranka to restore the road link between Rajouri and Reasi districts. The existing bridge of 1992 vintage was washed away during the flash floods in Kotranka area, affecting nearly 1.3 lakh people in both districts.

Valley faces healthcarecrisisA man with his daughter at the Government Bone and Joints Hospital in Srinagar . (Express photo by Shuaib Masoodi)
Written by Adil Akhzer | Srinagar | Posted: September 17, 2014 12:40 am | Updated: September 17, 2014 6:50 am
With the three major hospitals in Srinagar city remaining shut since the onslaught of floods, the Valley is on the brink of a healthcare crisis. As the government is yet to take any initiative, thousands of patients in need of specialised treatment have nowhere to go.
On Tuesday, 10 days after the floods hit the city, the G B Pant hospital — the Valley’s lone children’s hospital — is still submerged. People who arrive at the hospital with their children blame the government for “not taking any steps”.
When The Indian Express visited the hospital Tuesday, the employees were locking the main gates. “It has been closed since the day water entered into the hospital,” an employee said. “We are locking the gates to prevent any theft of hospital equipment”.
Medical Superintendent Dr Munir Masoodi said that the hospital is “dead” and “nothing is left” there. “I saw children dying slowly as the water started submerging the hospital basement,” he said. “All gensets and oxygen units were placed there and when they stopped working, oxygen supply stopped. We couldn’t do anything.”
With the children’s hospital non-functional, thousands of parents have to wander the city looking for a child specialist. “My 10-year-old son has not been able to eat anything since last night,” Sabiqa Bano from South Kashmir’s Anantnag said. “I went to G P Pant hospital and it is closed. Some locals told me to take him to SKIMS.”
The two other major hospitals — Lal Ded and SKIMS — are still submerged but the government has not even started the dewatering process. However, a basic health clinic for the children has been set up at the Kashmir Nursing Home and a small maternity hospital has been started at Sanat Nagar.
On Tuesday, as SKIMS faced a shortage of doctors, it asked doctors of SKIMS Medical College Hospital to report urgently.

Srinagar limps back tonormalcyPrint
Written by Bashaarat Masood | Srinagar | Posted: September 17, 2014 12:37 am | Updated: September 17, 2014 12:44 am
Ten days after floods marooned Srinagar, the first signs of the government became visible as the Srinagar Municipal Corporation (SMC) and the J&K Police began their work in the flood-hit areas. Several vendors and shopkeepers opened their outlets on Tuesday as Srinagar started to limp back to life.
“We have no time to mourn these losses,” said Fayaz Ahmad, who runs a furniture showroom at Residency Road. “We have to get up and start rebuilding. Even after what we saw in these 10 days, it would be foolish to keep up hopes of any government help,” he said.
At Batamaloo, the junction that connects Srinagar to north Kashmir, street vendors re-erected their carts to sell essential items. Some shopkeepers opened their shops after 10 days. Others sifted through merchandise to gauge losses.
As petrol pumps started receiving fuel supply, both public and private transport began plying on the city roads. The road that connects Srinagar to South Kashmir was also opened for traffic.
For the first time since the floods, the police too were visible on the roads. The SMC, meanwhile, hired trucks to collect and dispose of garbage that had accumulated over the past 10 days.

Homecoming for Vrindavan widows this DurgaPujaPrint
PTI | Kolkata | Posted: September 17, 2014 12:33 am
Shunned by their families after the death of their husbands, a group of 50 widows from West Bengal, all in their 80s and living in ashrams in Vrindavan, would participate in the Durga Puja celebrations in Kolkata this year. A similar number of widows had attended the Puja celebrations last year too.
“It is not just a Puja tour for them…It is a journey down the memory lane. Their trip to Kolkata is an effort to bring some joy and sense of belonging to their lives. They are going back to the land of their ancestors,” Bindeshwar Pathak, who has been working to rehabilitate widows, said.
Sulabh is looking after 1,000 Vrindavan widows as part of a SC directive to remove the stigma attached to their lives.

FIRs against 186 schools on safety guidelinesUpdated: September 17, 2014 00:52 IST
FIRs against 186 schools on safety guidelines
Krishnaprasad
Bangalore
Govt cannot escape from implementing norms in schools: HC
The city police on Tuesday told the High Court of Karnataka that they have registered FIRs against principals/heads of 186 schools — 161 private and 25 government ones — for not implementing financially viable norms among the safety guidelines issued following the rape of a six-year-old student of a private school in July.
The cases were booked under Section 188 of the IPC after inspecting schools as per direction of the HC.
However, the court said that the government cannot escape from implementing the safety norms. It cannot impose the guidelines on private schools unless they are enforced in schools run by the BBMP and the government itself.
“The government should set an example in implementing the safety norms. Private schools will take exception if the government fails to enforce them in its schools,” observed Justice A.N. Venugopala Gowda while noticing that a large number of schools run by the government and the BBMP in the jurisdiction of the city police have not implemented the safety norms.
‘Impractical norms’
The court made the observations while hearing petitions filed by the Karnataka Private School Joint Action Committee and others, who had termed some of the norms as ‘impractical’ and seeking direction for redressal of their grievances on difficulties faced in enforcing the norms.
In the interim report, as sought by the court, the city police stated that of the 2,727 schools in their jurisdiction, 273 private and four government schools have adhered to all the guidelines issued on July 27.
However, 223 private, 298 government and eight BBMP schools have not enforced any of the norms while pointing out that 1,921 schools (1604 private, 279 government and 38 BBMP) have partially implemented the norms.
The court adjourned further hearing to Wednesday while summoning an official of the BBMP to seek an explanation on non-implementation of norms.
RELATED NEWS

Ebola Survivor Dr. Kent Brantly to Testify Before CongressSPECIAL LIVE COVERAGE FROM ABC NEWS
EXPLORE.ORG: Maya's Puppy Litter
RADAR: Storms Developing in the South
WARNING: VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAMING COVERAGE
LIVE Coverage Calendar

Boeing competing for NASA contract to fly astronauts to space stationBoeing, SpaceX poised to build 'space taxis' for NASA
Boeing-SpaceX team to share $6.8B NASA 'space taxi' award
Boeing and Elon Musk's SpaceX will split as much as $6.8 billion in federal funding to help the U.S. resume manned missions and end its dependence on Russian rockets.
Boeing and Elon Musk's SpaceX will split as much as $6.8 billion in federal funding to help the U.S. resume manned missions and end its dependence on Russian rockets.
By Tribune staff and wire reports
Boeing competing for multi-billion dollar NASA space station contract
Boeing in line to shuttle astronauts to international space station
NASA will partner with Boeing and SpaceX to build commercially owned and operated "space taxis" to fly astronauts to the International Space Station, ending U.S. dependence on Russia for rides, U.S. Senator Bill Nelson said on Tuesday.
The U.S. space agency also considered a bid by privately owned Sierra Nevada Corp., but opted to award long-time aerospace contractor Boeing and California's SpaceX with contracts potentially worth billions of dollars, to develop, certify and fly their seven-passenger capsules.
SpaceX is run by technology entrepreneur Elon Musk, also the CEO of electric car manufacturer Tesla Motors.
Read the story
Nelson spoke on CNN ahead of a planned NASA news conference scheduled for later on Tuesday at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida.
The contract has taken on new urgency in recent months, given escalating tensions with Russia over its annexation of the Crimea region of Ukraine.
Boeing's CST-100 spaceship would launch aboard Atlas 5 rockets, built by United Launch Alliance, a partnership of Lockheed Martin and Boeing. SpaceX, which already has a $1.3 billion NASA contract to fly cargo to the space station, intends to upgrade its Dragon freighter to carry astronauts.
8
Terms were not immediately disclosed. NASA has said that in addition to test flights, the awards would include options for between two and six operational missions.
Before the end of 2017, NASA wants to be flying astronauts commercially from the United States, ending Russia's monopoly on space station crew transport. The agency currently pays $70 million per person for rides on Russian Soyuz capsules, the only flights available for astronauts since the retirement of the U.S. space shuttles in 2011.
China, the only other country to fly people in orbit besides the United States and Russia, is not a member of the 15-nation space station partnership.
NASA has spent about $1.5 billion since 2010 investing in partner companies under its Commercial Crew program. Boeing and SpaceX have won most of NASA's development funds.
The Commercial Crew program is based on a successful predecessor public-private partnership that created two cargo lines to the station, a research laboratory that flies about 260 miles above Earth. In addition to SpaceX, NASA has a $1.9 billion contract with Orbital Sciences Corp for resupply missions.
Boeing involved in new rocket engine
cComments
@Jackie Puppet It's amazing that several different Administrations and Congresses just let this go by. Some said it was too expensive to replace the shuttle...but they thought that 70 mil person and God only knows how much for cargo to fly on Russian machines was a good deal? Just proves...
dhm59923
2
In addition to the space station shuttle deal, a joint venture of Boeing Co. and Lockheed Martin Corp plans to announce Wednesday that it will team up with Blue Origin, a company run by Amazon.com Inc founder Jeff Bezos, to develop a new rocket engine, a source familiar with the plans said.
Officials at Boeing and Lockheed declined comment. No comment was immediately available from Blue Origin or United Launch Alliance (ULA), the Boeing-Lockheed venture that uses Russian-built engines to power some of its rockets.
ULA had sent out a request for information asking the U.S. aerospace industry earlier this year for ideas on how to replace the Russian-built RD-180 that powers ULA's heavy-lift Atlas 5 rockets, which are used to launch many U.S. military and spy satellites.
Tensions with Russia over its actions in Ukraine have raised concerns that Russia could cut off deliveries of the RD-180 engines, according to U.S. officials, who hope to start funding work on a U.S. alternative in the Pentagon's 2016 budget.
The partnership agreement will pit Bezos against Elon Musk, founder and chief executive of Space Exploration Technologies Corp, or SpaceX, which is seeking certification from the Air Force for its own Falcon 9 rockets.
The certification was due to be completed by the end of this year, but may now slip into next year, according to U.S. officials. They said the process may be slowed while officials look into the recent explosion of a SpaceX experimental rocket that uses the same engine as the Falcon 9.
Despite the concerns, Russia has continued to deliver RD-180 engines to the United States, with two engines arriving last month and three more slated for delivery this fall.
ULA says it has enough RD-180 engines on hand to last for two years. It has an $11 billion contract with the U.S. Air Force for 36 launches, but SpaceX, has sued in federal claims court to be allowed to compete for more of that work.
Boeing would benefit from development of a new U.S. alternate rocket engine, since its commercial crew capsule would also be launched by the Atlas 5 rocket, industry officials said.
Pentagon acquisition chief Frank Kendall this month said U.S. officials were looking at a joint government-industry development of a U.S. rocket engine and other options to reduce U.S. reliance on Russian-built engines.
Reuters

Biotechs bounce after three-day slideWall St. ends at records on central bank action
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
NASDAQ Financial Markets European Central Bank NYSE Euronext, Inc. GameStop Corp. Mario Draghi
By Ryan Vlastelica
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed higher on Friday, with major indexes notching a fifth straight weekly advance after China's central bank cut its benchmark interest rate and its euro zone peer announced asset purchases in efforts to boost each region's economy.
The gains were broad on a day when both the Dow and S&P 500 ended at closing records. All ten primary S&P 500 industry sectors ended the day higher, while 63 percent of stocks traded on the New York Stock Exchange closed in positive territory. About 50 percent of Nasdaq-listed names were higher on the day.
The People's Bank of China said it was cutting one-year benchmark lending rates for the first time in more than two years.
The move came after European Central Bank head Mario Draghi said "excessively low" inflation had to be raised quickly by whatever means necessary, rekindling expectations the ECB will move to stimulate the euro zone economy. The ECB said it started buying asset-backed securities to encourage banks to lend and revive the economy.
"It isn't the size of the moves but the shock value of the direction that is really lifting markets today," said Mark Luschini, chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott in Philadelphia, which manages about $67 billion in assets. "This is a one-two punch for global growth."
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 88.94 points, or 0.5 percent, to 17,807.94, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 10.7 points, or 0.52 percent, to 2,063.45 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.10 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,712.97.
Both the Dow and S&P ended at records. For the week, the Dow rose 1 percent, the S&P added 1.2 percent and the Nasdaq rose 0.5 percent. It was the fifth straight weekly advance for all three.
Gains in the Nasdaq were limited by declines in large-cap tech companies. Microsoft Corp  fell 1.5 percent to $47.97 while Netflix Inc  slid 2.1 percent to $360.28.
GameStop Corp  sank 13 percent to $37.86 a day after the video game retailer posted quarterly revenue and earnings well below expectations. The stock was the biggest decliner on the S&P 500.
The benchmark index's biggest gainers were Ross Stores  and Autodesk Inc , both of which rallied after results late Thursday. Ross jumped 7.3 percent to $89.27 while Autodesk was up 6.1 percent to $61.95.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 2,029 to 1,039, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,461 issues rose and 1,286 fell, for a 1.14-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 96 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 111 new highs and 44 new lows.
About 6.5 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data, above the month-to-date average of 6.35 billion.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

When Terminator came callingUpdated: September 16, 2014 13:17 IST
When ‘Terminator’ came calling
The superstar with actor Suriya at a gym. Photo: R. Ragu
TOPICS
arts, culture and entertainment
Schwarznegger was in Chennai to launch the music of director Shankar’s latest venture 'I'. He also stopped by to meet Chief Minister Jayalalithaa
Keeping the promise he made two years ago, he came back to India. “I'll be back!” Arnold Schwarznegger had said, quoting his most famous dialogue from the Terminator series, during his last trip to India in February 2012.
On a sultry Monday afternoon, the Secretariat, the seat of power in Tamil Nadu, was gripped with mild excitement. While most of the staff were confined to the desk or loitering in the corridors, those who knew that the ‘Terminator’ was visiting wanted a glimpse of Arnold Schwarzenegger, one of the biggest Hollywood stars.
Even before he got here, pictures of him arriving at Chennai and meeting local star Suriya quickly went viral on social media. Schwarznegger was here to launch the music of director Shankar’s latest venture I. The former Governor of California also stopped by to meet Chief Minister Jayalalithaa, who too comes from a film background.
As the large media contingent was stopped at the out gate of the main building at Fort St. George, some of the young staffers at work were looking for a way out. “Obviously, we want to see him in person,” said a personal assistant to one of the ministers. Positioned in front of windows on the south-eastern wing, they whipped out their mobile phones, hoping to snap a picture of the star as he stepped out of his SUV.
Schwarzenegger’s meeting with the Chief Minister was reportedly unscheduled. Ms. Jayalalithaa, who was to take the flight to Coimbatore for a campaign, delayed it a bit to accommodate the meeting with the Hollywood icon, sources said.
Arriving first, Mr. Schwarzenegger was to take the lift but was stonewalled by the waiting photographers and videographers. He seemed completely at ease with all the mobbing. Two middle-aged women, both Secretariat staff, who had positioned themselves at the gate, shrieked with delight. “Oh my god, how good looking is he!” exclaimed one.
As Mr. Schwarzenegger climbed up the stairs to the Chief Minister’s room, the excitement died down a bit. He came down twenty minutes later, ready to leave; but stopped short when he heard mediapersons calling for him, and walked back looking dapper in his grey suit, raising his hand in a salute.
Hugging T. Senthil Kumar, Deputy Commissioner, Flower Bazaar, who happened to be standing nearby, Mr. Schwarzenegger posed for pictures. He asked Mr. Kumar what he should say, and was told to greet the crowd with Vanakkam, the Tamil word for greeting someone.
“He wanted to, and tried to, but found he could not pronounce the word,” said Mr. Kumar.
In the evening, Mr. Schwarzenegger tweeted: “It was fantastic to sit down with Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa before our event tonight and talk about her State’s success and challenges. That’s the advantage of being an actor who was also a Governor!!”
As the day came to an end with the music launch of I, it was time for the iconic actor to bid goodbye to the city. As he would say: “Hasta La Vista baby!”

What s the magic in Apple devices Not innovation  but refinementWhat's the magic in Apple devices? Not innovation, but refinement
By New York Times | 16 Sep, 2014, 10.03PM IST
"Jobs-less" Apple's magic re-invented in the course of its recent line of product launch; re-instates its forte of refinement instead of innovation.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
By David Carr
During the last seismic Apple announcement, in 2010, I was at the Yerba Buena Center for the Arts in San Francisco as Steve Jobs unveiled the iPad, a device he said was so singular it would create its own landing strip.
When the expected reveal came, there was a huge roar, and I looked around to see many of my fellow journalists clapping their hands red. I was an interloper in the land of tech announcements, but I was surprised that a group of cynical-by-nature reporters had been so completely won over in the moment.
I didn't attend last week's Applemageddon of multiple product announcements - new phones, a watch and a mobile payment system - but I saw more of the same when I checked the coverage. And while I may not have been clapping, I found myself rooting for Apple to unveil something extraordinary.
When the event was over, you didn't need a watch from the future to know what time it was: Apple had done it again. By choosing the same site where Jobs announced the Macintosh computer 30 years ago, and by archly referring to "one more thing" - a Jobs tic when breaking big news - Timothy Cook, the chief executive, directly embraced his legacy and sent a message that the company still had magical properties.
A lot of the subsequent coverage has been ecstatic, much of it tinged with palpable relief that a Jobs-less Apple can still set the bar in new and unexpected ways.
"Apple definitely delivered," Tim Stevens, editor at large at CNET, told CBS News. My colleague and fellow columnist Farhad Manjoo wrote, "The biggest news was about the old Apple: It's back, and it's more capable than ever," while Matt Burns of TechCrunch said the watch seemed "spectacular."
Apple's ability to seize the moment and preoccupy the press is without peer. Think about it: Absent that showmanship and hype, the company announced two very good-looking, very expensive phones that catch up with consumers' preference for larger screens, a smartwatch coming after other brands that has an unstated battery life and a payment system that will need buy-in from retailers. All these products require sharing new kinds of data at a time when some of Apple's most prominent customers had their privacy breached in intimate and embarrassing ways.
So, what is it about Apple that makes a sea of professional curmudgeons whoop like children on Christmas? After all, it is not curing cancer or tackling world hunger. And its cult status as an underdog taking on the corporate suits seems less relevant now that it is the largest company in the world with annual revenues that surpass the gross domestic product of many sovereign nations.
Given the company's history of maniacal secrecy and penchant for declining to comment on everything, its sway with the news media is even more remarkable. But just as the elegant packaging on Apple products is as important as what's inside, the stage management of its events rivals what is being announced.
Nothing is left to chance. Seating charts are meticulously studied, rehearsals are endless and strategic leaks are used to temper expectations. Detailed briefing books are distributed to the public relations team and then sometimes shredded. The audience claps because everything - the lighting, the fanfare, the reveal - is meant to elicit applause. (This might be a good spot to mention that I was among the people who picked up the pompoms after the iPad event, going on Charlie Rose's show and elsewhere to extol its game-changing virtues.)
Paul Saffo, a technology forecaster in Silicon Valley, has watched a number of big product announcements from Apple and Jobs over the years.
"Steve's immortal contribution to Apple is the reality distortion field, to create expectations and then convince the audience to be a willing accomplice," he said.

Costa form gives Schalke thebluesNeymar (R) jokes with his teammate Rakitic ahead of Barcelona's match against APOEL Nicosia (Source: Reuters)
Reuters | London | Posted: September 17, 2014 1:07 am | Updated: September 17, 2014 12:33 pm
The good news for Schalke 04’s defenders as they prepare to face Chelsea in their opening Champions League Group G match on Wednesday is that striker Diego Costa is nursing a slight hamstring injury. The bad news is that even without being fully fit he has scored seven goals in his opening four matches for his new club since his £32 million ($52.03 million) transfer from Atletico Madrid.
Schalke will have plenty to fear if, as expected, he plays against them at Stamford Bridge. Those goals, which included a hat-trick in Chelsea’s 4-2 win over previously unbeaten Swansea City on Saturday, have helped preserve Chelsea’s perfect start to the season with a maximum 12 points, in contrast to Schalke who have one point after three winless games in the Bundesliga.
They know what to expect from Chelsea, too, after losing to them 3-0 both home and away in last season’s Champions League group stage, and on current early season form Chelsea look capable of beating them again by at least that margin.
After another impressive performance on Saturday, Costa, the first player since 1992 to score in his first four Premier League games, said despite his great start he had not yet settled down to life in London, but was settling in well at the club. “I have not yet been out in London, but I am trying to get to know it and bit by bit adapt to London,” the Brazil-born naturalised Spain international said.
Fabregas, who joined Chelsea from Barcelona in the summer, has also made an excellent start at Stamford Bridge, with assists in every game he has played so far.
While Chelsea are on the crest of a wave, Schalke, who finished third in the Bundesliga last season, are in a crisis. The royal blues were crushed 4-1 by Borussia Moenchengladbach on Saturday and are two off the bottom with just one point and a goal difference of minus four. That point came from a 1-1 draw with champions Bayern Munich.
City again for Bayern
Bayern have reached at least the semifinals in each of their last three Champions League appearances. With the 2014-15 final taking place in Berlin, the German powerhouse has added incentive to go for their second title in three years. Bayern kick off their campaign at home against familiar rivals Manchester City, as the sides meet for the third time in four seasons.
City ended the Bundesliga side’s competition record 10-game winning run when they met for their final group game last December, albeit with Bayern already through to the second round, and each has two wins and two losses from their previous meetings.
Bayern have made a solid start to the season despite a host of injuries and the loss of dependable midfielder Toni Kroos to Real continued…
I have not yet been out in London, but I am trying to get to know it and bit by bit adapt to London

US General to seek ground troops if airstrikes cant stop ISISadvanceChuck Hagel and Gen. Martin Dempsey during the hearing at Capitol Hill in Washington Tuesday. (REUTERS)
New York Times | Washington | Posted: September 17, 2014 1:06 am
Gen. Martin E Dempsey, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, told Congress on Tuesday that he would recommend deploying United States combat forces against Islamic extremists in specific operations if the current strategy of airstrikes was not successful, raising the possibility of the kind of escalation that President Obama has flatly ruled out.
In testimony before the Senate Armed Services Committee, he said while he was confident in the ability of the coalition of American, European and Middle Eastern governments to stop the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria, he could not completely close the door to eventually asking Obama to commit ground troops to fight the group.
“My view at this point is that this coalition is the appropriate way forward. I believe that will prove true,” he said. “But if it fails to be true, and if there are threats to the United States, then I of course would go back to the president and make a recommendation that may include use of US military ground forces.”
Any future commitment of American personnel on the ground could put Obama in a difficult position, as he has repeatedly insisted that no American troops would engage in the battlefield, and Gen. Dempsey sought to explain the apparent contradiction.
“His stated policy is that we will not have US forces in ground combat,” Gen. Dempsey said, adding, “He has told me to come back to him on a case-by-case basis.”
In his speech last week announcing the expanded campaign against ISIS, Obama said the military advisers he was sending to Iraq would help Iraqi and Kurdish forces with training, intelligence, and equipment. But he emphatically ruled out front-line fighting.
“These American forces will not have a combat mission —we will not get dragged into another ground war in Iraq,” he said.
But as General Dempsey made it clear, the reality of the battle might make such a hands-off approach insufficient. When Iraqi or Kurdish forces are trying to dislodge militants from urban areas like Mosul, airstrikes are less effective because they can cause civilian casualties.
In those cases, the general said, he might recommend to the president that the US send Special Operations troops to provide what he called “close combat advising”, essentially working alongside Iraqi commanders in the field and helping them direct troops to targets.
Gen. Dempsey and secretary of defence, Chuck Hagel, were on Capitol Hill on Tuesday to provide up-to-date information on the administration’s plan for confronting the militant group. They said the plan would include the training and equipping of 5,000 Syrian fighters, the involvement of more than 40 coalition nations, including 30 that have pledged military support, and 1,600 American military personnel who will assist.

Soon  wash your linen in public  at NDMC parkinglotsMobile laundry units will be set up in the parking lots of Khan Market (above) and Sarojini Nagar Market. (Express archive)
Written by Aditi Vatsa | New Delhi | Posted: September 17, 2014 1:04 am
Residents of Delhi will soon be able get their dirty linen washed in public. The parking lots of market places such as Sarojini Nagar and Khan Market, within the New Delhi Municipal Council (NDMC), will soon have mobile laundries operating out of them.
In an effort to make the scheme eco-friendly, the NDMC has stipulated that the laundry machines be LPG/PNG heated. To ensure that they provide ‘green laundry’ services, a public notice put up by the NDMC stated that the laundry machines should use less water and electricity.
“The electric rating of the machines shall be in single phase… These mobile laundry vehicles should not involve any permanent fixtures,” the notice added.
The NDMC has invited bids to install “smart-card operated professional laundry machines” from those with at least three years of experience in the field.
According to NDMC officials, the service will be designed on the format of laundromats which encourage community washing. Although some parts of the capital such as North Campus and Malviya Nagar have laundromats, this is the first time that a government agency has decided to provide such services, especially in the NDMC area.
Apart from mobile laundries, the council also plans to set up laundries near Mother Dairy outlets in the NDMC area.
NDMC Director (Information Technology), O P Mishra, said, “The concept has been borrowed from foreign countries. It is aimed to help young professionals who might not have the time to do such chores. We want these service outlets to be as numerous as Mother Dairy outlets in the capital. We have written to L&DO to provide small plots of land — 10X20 feet — next to Mother Dairy shops.”
On the mobile laundry project, Mishra said, “For this, parking lots with enough space have to be identified. They should also have proper drainage and other facilities. We have invited ‘express of interests’. Until now, we have received two responses and are awaiting more.”

CBI wants to question Lankan held forspyingPrint
PTI | Chennai | Posted: September 17, 2014 1:00 am
The CBI has filed a petition in an NIA court here seeking its permission to interrogate a Sri Lankan national held for allegedly spying for Pakistan.
“The CBI has sought court permission to interrogate Arun Selvarajan. They want to see if the accused had links with the LTTE while he was in Lanka,” C S S Pillai, Special Public Prosecutor for NIA, said.
Meanwhile, a petition filed by the NIA seeking seven days’ custody of Selvarajan was taken up by judge of the designated NIA court M Moni on Tuesday and the accused was produced before him.
When the judge asked Selvarajan about his view on the petition seeking custody, he said he was “ready to go to police custody”.
The judge is expected to pronounce his order on Wednesday, the SPP added.
Selvarajan, by posing as an event management professional, allegedly accessed vital installations like the Coast Guard and the Officers Training Academy in Chennai.
He had allegedly worked at the behest of handlers at the Pakistan High Commission in Colombo. He was arrested on September 10 and remanded in judicial custody the following day.

Govt blames UPA  wants 3 more months todecideThe government informed the court that following a cabinet decision, it has constituted a panel of four ministers to prepare the framework for the national regulator.
Written by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi | Posted: September 17, 2014 12:59 am
The NDA government has blamed the Congress-led UPA regime in the Supreme Court for the delay in setting up an independent environmental regulatory authority to monitor the compliance of green laws. It has now sought three months to take a final call on the issue.
On August 4, the court had rejected the government’s plea to grant six months when the Ministry of Environment and Forests pleaded time till December 15 to finalise the framework of the proposed authority. The SC Green Bench sought a categorical response by September 15 if the government was willing to comply with its 2011 directive for putting in place a national regulator for appraising projects, enforcing environmental norms for approvals and impose penalties on polluters.
With such a range of functions, the regulator, if set up, will substantially alter the scope of environmental governance in India. For, it will take most of the operational work out of the environment ministry’s purview, leaving the latter to focus just on framing policy guidelines.
The government’s repeated failure to meet the deadlines set by the SC and apparent reluctance has been perceived in some quarters as an attempt to hold on to the absolute power to grant clearances.
The ministry’s affidavit filed on Monday stated: “The new government has taken over only on 26th May 2014 and considering the serious nature of the matter, as also brought out by the Honb’le Supreme Court, the government wishes to finalise the framework of the proposed regulator/authority carefully.” Explaining the request for more time, the government said, “The delay in implementing court orders has occurred during the time of the previous government and the same should not result in making a hasty decision by the present government.”
The government informed the court that following a cabinet decision, it has constituted a panel of four ministers to prepare the framework for the national regulator.
Environment Minister Prakash Javadekar, transport minister Nitin Gadkari, power minister Piyush Goyal and chemicals and fertilisers minister Ananth Kumar are the members .
According to the affidavit, the ministers had their first meeting on September 8, in  which they noted that the consultation with state governments had been inadequate in the previous regime and so a meeting of the state environment ministers should be convened before deciding on the issue. This meeting has been fixed for October 15.
In the meeting, the ministers also discussed the “improvements brought in the environment clearance process during the tenure of the present government” regarding green clearances.
It apprised the court of instituting another committee that will review and draft amendments to the five key laws over environment, forest, wildlife, air and water. The high level committee, continued…

CLT20: Kieron Pollard blames batsmen for failure inqualifiersPress Trust of India | Raipur | Posted: September 17, 2014 12:58 am
Mumbai Indians skipper Kieron Pollard rued the fact that team’s batting let them down as the defending champions crashed out of the qualifying round of the Champions League T20, in Raipur on Tuesday.
“They (Northern Knights) fielded well as we could have scored atleast 150-160. What happens in Champions League T20 is that most of the overseas outfits want to beat Mumbai Indians and they bring their ‘A’ game to the fore,” Pollard said at the post-match presentation ceremony.
While Northern had won their first two matches, Pollard admired them for not letting the guard down.
“They could have relaxed but they didn’t, that’s their professionalism.”
Premier batsman Kane Williamson said,”We started off the competition on a shaky note but we know we are a good fielding outfit. It was great to put up a good display in the last two games. It’s great to go into the main draw and hope to keep the confidence going.”
Skipper Daniel Flynn praised his new ball bowlers Tim Southee and Trent Boult.
“Exceptional performance with the ball, with Tim and Trent setting the tone, and the openers set up the chase. The main draw should be fantastic. The boys have really enjoyed the atmosphere,” said Flynn.
Man of the match Scott Styris feels that efforts of last four to five years have bore fruit.
“We’ve been trying to get into this tournament for 4-5 years. Now we have some very good young players. Kane Williamson is a quality player, and the two quicks are world-class.”
While Knights had won their first two matches, Pollard admired them for not letting the guard down

Two suicides in fortnight: Tihar steps up counselling atjailApart from two alleged suicides, an accidental death was also reported from Tihar in recent weeks. (Express archive)
Written by Prawesh Lama | New Delhi | Posted: September 17, 2014 12:56 am
Following two alleged cases of suicide and one of accidental death — all within the last fortnight — the Director General of Tihar Prisons Alok Verma  inspected the two suicide spots on Monday and later issued a circular for all jail superintendents, listing remedial procedures to prevent such incidents.
All jail superintendents have been ordered to regularly hold cultural programmes and counselling sessions for inmates inside the jail to ensure that inmates live in a better and positive environment. The authorities have also been asked to bring in more psychiatrists, under the ‘Gumsum Panja’ initiative, to counsel inmates. The initiative was launched earlier this year to curb the rise of suicides in prison.
On Sunday, the body of 38-year-old Sirajuddin was found hanging in the toilet of Ward Number 1 in Jail 7, 8.
Earlier this month, the body of Amolkar (40) was found hanging inside Jail Number 3. Amolkar’s body was found less than 12 hours after another inmate Vinod (26) died of a suspected epileptic fit.
In all cases, an inquest proceeding has already been ordered. The inquiry is being conducted by an officer of the rank of an SDM.
Preliminary findings in Amolkar’s death has revealed that he was earlier placed under suicide watch. Sources said he had been admitted to AIIMS in the past, after consuming a poisonous substance. After his discharge from AIIMS, though authorities were monitoring his movements, Amolkar’s body was found hanging inside the toilet.
Sirajuddin was found dead just a day before he was to present himself in connection with a dowry case at a court in Bijnor, Uttar Pradesh.

SC slams Centres sloppy attitude in tackling femalefoeticidePrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 17, 2014 12:56 am
Expressing anger over the “sloppy” attitude of the Centre in checking female foeticide, the Supreme Court on Tuesday called for specific response over the steps taken by the authorities and the results achieved.
Underlining that the pertinent laws were not being implemented and everything was being left to fate, a bench led by Justice Dipak Misra directed the Centre and state governments to file affidavits on what actions they have taken to implement Pre-conception and Pre-natal Diagnostic Techniques (Prohibition of Sex Selection) Act that prohibits pre-natal sex determination. “What are you (Centre) doing? You make law but don’t do anything to implement it and leave it to fate. You are becoming sloppy on the issue and appropriate authorities are not taking any action at all,” it said.
The bench gave four weeks for filing of affidavits, saying: “We may hasten to add that the affidavits shall be comprehensive and must reflect sincerity and responsibility. It should not be an affidavit in formality.”
Describing female foeticide as the “worst type of dehumanisation of human race” and a “pervert perception of societal norms”, the court had last year issued a string of directives to the Centre and states for putting in place a tough regulatory mechanism and a crusade-like awareness campaign to check decline in the female child sex ratio.
Lamenting the ineffective implementation of the law and an alarming dip in the child sex ratio, the bench passed a slew of measures on a PIL by NGO Voluntary Health Association.
It ordered all the governments to ensure strict implementation of the Act, providing for urgent steps to seize records, seal ultrasound machines and commence legal action for violations of the Act.

Greenfield development to have long-term impact on climateUpdated: September 17, 2014 01:26 IST
‘Greenfield development to have long-term impact on climate’
M. Srinivas
Tweet
School of Planning and Architecture (SPA) Director N. Sridharan inaugurating an international workshop on Urban Green and Blue organised by (SPA) on its premises on Tuesday.
If we encroach upon lands near river Krishna, it will lead to flash floods: expert. Bangalore was earlier called the ‘Garden City’ but it now became a concrete jungle which generated more heat. Out of over 200 ponds in Bangalore and abutting areas, only 42 water bodies remained, he said.
Greenfield development is going to have a long-term impact on the climate and it will also create a series of heat islands. This was exactly what happened in Bangalore, according to N. Sridharan, Director of School of Planning and Architecture (SPA), Vijayawada.
Participating in the inaugural session of an international workshop on ‘Urban Green and Blue’ organised by SPA on its premises here on Tuesday, Mr. Sridharan said Greenfield development concept was very intricate in case of Vijayawada and other developing cities.
“To capture land market and land-based financing, we are going into the urban expansion,” he opined. He explained that every metropolis was expanding its boundaries. Chennai was followed by Bangalore and Hyderabad has done it by eating away the rich agricultural land and created built up space.
“We are scared of the situation in Vijayawada after the recent announcement that the new capital would be developed around the city and how it is going to swell with the unprecedented built-up space if we don’t plan right now and come up with policy guidelines,” he said.
Bangalore was earlier called the ‘Garden City’ but it now became a concrete jungle which generated more heat. Out of over 200 ponds in Bangalore and abutting areas, only 42 water bodies remained, he said.
“If we encroach upon lands near river, then it will lead to flash floods. The Krishna is supplying water to surrounding areas and catering to the agriculture needs also. If we shrink the river then it is going to affect us. Thus, we have to integrate the built-up space with riverbed development to control floods and other things,” he said. Sixteen German students led by Dr. Alexander Follmann also took part in the workshop.

Federalism in judicial appointmentsUpdated: September 17, 2014 01:20 IST
Federalism in judicial appointments
Tweet
The Hindu It is erroneous to conceive the issue of judicial appointment as a tussle between the executive and the judiciary for a final say in the process of selection to the higher judiciary. Picture shows the Madras High Court. Photo: V. Ganesan
TOPICS
judiciary (system of justice)
States should have a say in any major constitutional amendment concerning the judiciary
The Supreme Court has dismissed a few writ petitions challenging the constitutional validity of the Constitution (99th Amendment) Bill and the National Judicial Appointments Commission Bill, 2014 (NJAC Bill). The judgment is correct, but not for the reason that the Bills are faultless. The Bills are yet to attain the status of law as defined under Article 13 of the Constitution. A premature opposition to the legislative move is antithetical to the facets of deliberative democracy. Article 111 of the Constitution empowers the President to return the Bills for reconsideration, which implies the possibility for modifications. Article 368 says an amendment of the Constitution could be done generally when a Bill is passed by “a majority of not less than two thirds of the members present and voting” in each House. Proviso to Article 368(2) clarifies that in certain cases, ratification by the legislatures of at least one half of the states is mandatory. The Union judiciary and the High Courts in the States come within the ambit of this proviso. This would mean that in a federal system, despite the clearance by Parliament, States do have a say in any attempt for a major constitutional amendment concerning the judiciary. It is therefore incorrect to think that the Bills mark an end in themselves. As such, there is scope for further debate and a need for it.
A failed experiment
The collegium is not just a failed experiment, but has also been undemocratic. Therefore, the real issue is whether the proposed amendment by way of Article 124A, B and C would really democratise the method of appointment. It is erroneous to conceive the issue of judicial appointment as a tussle between the executive and the judiciary for a final say in the process of selection to the higher judiciary. The present Bill is designed in such a way that both the judiciary and the executive have a role in the process. It is generally perceived that just two members can veto the majority decision in the NJAC and therefore the mechanism is defective. I would, however, say that this is a scientific device to oust the ineligible — provided the system is fair and transparent.
Read: Safeguarding judicial autonomy
But the system is not supposed to be transparent, going by the text of the proposed amendment. Functionally and structurally, the NJAC would perpetuate many of the basic deficits and perils of the collegium in a different manner. A secret process without any benchmark that does not even accept the need for assessment of inter se merit would be constitutionally legitimised. No discussions, no notifications, no applications, no interviews, no consultations and ultimately no democratisation either in the process or in the institution. Openness and transparency are the sine qua non for any fair method of selection.
Conceptual flaws
There is a serious conceptual flaw with the present legislative design. An uncomfortable dichotomy between the constitutional provision and statutory scheme emerges through the new move. While the 99th Constitution Amendment Act would create space for the new NJAC, its composition and voting pattern are designed not by the amended Constitution, but by a statute, namely the NJAC Act. This would indicate that even the sole advantage of the NJAC i.e., the requirement for support of five out of the six members for a valid selection is vulnerable to statutory amendment by a simple majority in Parliament. Thus, even without a constitutional amendment, the limited virtues of the proposed NJAC would be taken away.
Federalism is a basic feature of the Indian Constitution as held by the Supreme Court in S.R. Bommai (1994). On account of the NJAC, it is not the “basic feature” of judicial independence that is endangered, as is widely misconceived. The judiciary and the executive at the centre will annihilate even the limited role for the States in the selection process in the High Courts. Going by the text of Article 217 of the Constitution, even after its alteration by the Supreme Court in the Second Judges case (1993) and Third Judges case (1998), the Governor of the State and the collegium at the High Court level have a participative role in selection of judges in the High Courts. In the system now proposed, the NJAC or the President of India is not bound by the recommendation of the Chief Justices of the High Courts or the Governors. Section 6(4) of the NJAC Bill envisages consultation with senior-most judges and eminent advocates in the High Courts. But their opinion is not binding on the NJAC. Section 6(7) says the views of the Governor will be elicited but, again, those are not binding. Thus those at the Centre, through the NJAC, will select the High Court Judges, despite their lack of familiarity with the institutions of High Courts and lack of State-level mechanism for an open system for assessment of individual merit. This nullifies the constitutionally guaranteed federal traits in the realm of judicial appointments.
A clean judiciary is a constitutional imperative for any working democracy
The NJAC thus needs to be restructured and its procedure revamped. Before ratifying the Bills mechanically, it is for the State legislatures to seriously ponder over the matter, for the issues are closely associated with the state’s role in the appointment process.
The illustrative case of the U.K. needs to be emphasised in the Indian scenario, for it shows how the federalist values are incorporated both in the structure of the Commission and in the procedures adopted. The Constitutional Reforms Act (CRA), 2005 in the U.K. was substantially altered by way of the Amendment in 2013. At present, there is a 15-member Commission doing the job of selection of judges to the higher judiciary and tribunals. Selection commences with an open vacancy notification.
Read: A fatally flawed commission
It is again a paradox that despite the promise for equality of opportunity in public employment guaranteed under Articles 14 and 16 of the Constitution, an eligible person in India cannot apply for judgeship in higher judiciary. Nor is there any system of open nomination. In the U.K., the concept of equal opportunity is not alien to judicial appointments. The notification is followed by a series of statutory consultations. The criteria for appointment as a Supreme Court judge are indicated in Sections 50 to 52 of the statute. The Appointment Commission has a participative, representative and a democratic character. England and Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland are properly represented in the process of consultation.
Federalism is, therefore, not just a matter of Centre-State relation. It is, on the other hand, a device to ensure participative role for the representatives of the States constituting the nation, in the decision-making process. The larger the body, the greater the democratic content. In a vast country like ours, a six-member committee is undemocratic due to its centralist features. Even the laymen are part of the Commission in the U.K. It is no more an employment generation scheme. Continued and repeated consultations and screening in the British system ensure that no ineligible hand is inducted to the higher judiciary. The only valid criticism against the method in the U.K is that selection becomes a time-consuming process. But there is no allegation of judicial corruption. Nor is there allegation of sycophancy or nepotism. India too can afford such procedural fairness, for the same would ensure a clean judiciary, which is a constitutional imperative for any working democracy. But the Bills in their present form are conceptually sterile and incapable of bringing in radical reforms. This situation calls for dynamic legislative activism at all levels.
(Kaleeswaram Raj is a lawyer practising in the Supreme Court and Kerala High Court. E-mail: kaleeswaramraj@gmail.com)

Speculation Swirls Over Fed Language on Rate HikeAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

India  Vietnam for access to South China SeaUpdated: September 16, 2014 00:18 IST
India, Vietnam for access to South China Sea
Puja Mehra
Tweet
Reuters President Pranab Mukherjee with his Vietnamese counterpart Truong Tan Sang before their meeting at the Presidential Palace in Hanoi on Monday.
Reuters President Pranab Mukherjee (R) reviews a guard of honour with Vietnamese counterpart Truong Tan Sang during a welcoming ceremony at the Presidential Palace in Hanoi.
TOPICS
diplomacy
Ahead of Chinese President Xi Jingping’s visit to India, India and Vietnam have called for freedom of navigation in the disputed South China Sea.
In a joint communique issued after President Pranab Mukherjee, who is on a four-day State visit to Vietnam, held talks with his Vietnamese counterpart Truong Tan Sang here, the two countries said the freedom of navigation in the East Sea/South China Sea should not be impeded. Without naming any country, they called on all parties concerned to exercise restraint, avoid threat or use of force and resolve disputes through peaceful means.
The two sides called for collective commitment of the parties concerned to abide by and implement the 2002 Declaration on the Conduct of Parties in the South China Sea and to work towards the adoption of a Code of Conduct on the basis of consensus.
On Monday, India and Vietnam signed seven agreements, including one for enhanced cooperation in the oil sector.
The two countries also signed an MoU on operating and jointly promoting direct air services under which Vietnam Airlines and India’s Jet Airways will operate flights. Both countries decided to strengthen bilateral cooperation with a focus on political, defence and security cooperation, economic cooperation, science and technology, culture and people-to-people links, technical cooperation and multilateral and regional cooperation.
The pacts include EXIM Bank of India’s extension of a dollar credit line to Vietnam, agreement on cooperation and mutual assistance in Customs.

All the lastest news and reviews from the catwalksLife & Arts
a la mode
Detailed coverage from the catwalks of this season’s fashion shows in London, Paris, New York and Milan
PARIS FASHION WEEK

Lionel Barber on Scotlands referendumShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Lionel Barber on Scotland referendum
Sep 15, 2014 : As Scotland’s independence vote nears, FT editor Lionel Barber, economics editor Chris Giles and UK news editor Michael Stott discuss the impact of a Yes win on the economy, currency and financial services, and assess business fears and the No campaign.

Column: Revisiting Food Security ActE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Editorial: Ban on evergreeningE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Editorial: What food subsidyE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Lessons in failure from gurus of errorLessons in failure from the error management gurus
By Alicia Clegg
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d4b61ee2-39b3-11e4-83c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Talking openly about mistakes can improve performanceLessons in failure from the error management gurus
By Alicia Clegg
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d4b61ee2-39b3-11e4-83c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

How to avoid board meeting sabotageSeptember 16, 2014 12:02 pm
How to avoid sabotage and sidetracks in board meetings
By Luke Johnson
Keep the numbers down to a handful if possible and impose a two-hour limit
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7bf1bac4-3cc3-11e4-871d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Keep the numbers down to a handful if possible and impose a two-hour limit  writes Luke Johnson:September 16, 2014 12:02 pm
How to avoid sabotage and sidetracks in board meetings
By Luke Johnson
Keep the numbers down to a handful if possible and impose a two-hour limit
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7bf1bac4-3cc3-11e4-871d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

How PM Modi is reaching out to China via JapanHow PM Modi is reaching out to China via Japan
AP  Beijing, September 16, 2014
First Published: 13:23 IST(16/9/2014) | Last Updated: 16:37 IST(16/9/2014)
Comments
Chinese President Xi Jinping's trip to India this week highlights subtle shifts in the regional power dynamic that are bringing warmer ties between the two Asian giants, challenging China's traditional relationship with Pakistan, and opening a new chapter in Beijing's ongoing competition for influence with arch-rival Japan.
Advertisement
Xi is due in New Delhi on Wednesday for a three-day visit focused on trade, investment and the resolution of decades-old border disputes.
With the world's second-largest economy and a proven track record at building highways, railways, and industrial zones, China has much to offer India as it seeks to upgrade its creaky infrastructure.
The visit is the latest sign of easing suspicions between the two huge countries - which between them have 2.6 billion people - dating from a month-long border war in 1962 that left around 2,000 soldiers dead. That conflict ended in a standoff with both sides accusing the other of occupying its territory.
Xi's visit "will definitely enhance the bilateral political mutual trust," Chinese assistant foreign minister Liu Jianchao told reporters in Beijing last week.
While ties have been steadily growing for years, they've been given a major boost under new Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who's signaled he wishes to pursue a more vigorous foreign policy.
Xi is the first Chinese head of state to visit in eight years, while the country's prime minister, Li Keqiang, made India his first overseas visit shortly after taking office last year.
"Good relations with India are a key part of China's regional strategy and Xi's visit creates the opportunity for direct face-to-face communication on the problems that still exist, such as the border issue," said Zhao Gancheng, director of the Asia-Pacific Center of the Shanghai Institute for International Studies.
Modi spoke repeatedly to top Chinese officials in the first weeks of his administration, and during a recent visit to India, Chinese foreign minister Wang Yi described the new relationship as "the emerging tip of a massive buried treasure."
There's certainly plenty of room for growth. China may be India's biggest trading partner, but commerce between them dropped to an anemic $65 billion last year, with China exporting $48 billion more goods than it imported. For Modi, boosting trade and foreign investment is critical to making good on his campaign promise of creating jobs for the 13 million young Indians entering the labor market each year.
HT Analysis: Modi-Xi agenda: Work for 'Hindi-Chini buy-buy'
China also has a strong vested interested in preventing India from drawing too close to the West and especially to Japan, which has enthusiastically courted Modi's government.
Recently, Modi paid a five-day visit to Japan, bringing home pledges of billions of dollars in aid and investment and an agreement to strengthen their economic and security ties. Modi has emphasized the value of their shared commitment to democracy in contrast to China's one-party authoritarian communist system.
In light of that visit, Xi is expected to make investment pledges matching or exceeding the $35 billion Modi received in Japan - a sign of how Modi has been able to leverage the rivalry between China and Japan to maximize gains for India.
"China, I think, is conscious that we have a good equation with Japan," said Jayadev Ranade, president of the New Delhi-based think tank Center for China Analysis and Strategy.
Both sides have said the border disputes shouldn't impede relations and recent years have brought regular consultations between both their diplomats and troops on either side high along the Himalayan frontier.
That's despite the occasional Indian accusation of Chinese incursions and an increased Chinese military presence along the border that has prompted India to deploy more armored units, refurbish air strips, and construct new roads in the area.
China lays claim to the Indian state of Arunachal Pradesh, an immense territory of nearly 84,000 square kilometers (more than 32,000 square miles), while India says China is illegally occupying the region of Aksai Chin, a rocky and largely empty 37,000-square-kilometer (14,000-square-mile) region far to the east.
Talks have yet to produce a long-term solution, but until they do, China says its policy is to avoid conflict.
"We are all committed to tranquility and peace at the border. We will strive for an equitable and reasonable solution based on negotiation and consultation. We have confidence and capability for that," Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Hua Chunying said Thursday.
While both Xi and Modi are strong leaders who've shown initiative, they're constrained on the border issue by domestic sentiment, particularly rising nationalism in China, Ranade said.
"There will be many issues raised and discussed but I don't see a major breakthrough on the border issue. These are difficult issues," Ranade said. "But even if they are discussed in a tangible fashion, which I expect the Modi government will do, it will be a move forward."
Xi's visit comes during a swing through the region that also includes stops in the Maldives and Sri Lanka, where Chinese companies are at work on a major port and other infrastructure projects.
He won't, however, be stopping in on long-time ally and Indian rival Pakistan amid an outbreak of violent political protests in the capital, Islamabad. That offers further evidence for those who see a growing Chinese ambivalence toward Pakistan, although Ranade said the fact that the country was included on the original itinerary shows Beijing still values the relationship.
"Under the circumstances, it's inappropriate to have such a high-level visit," said the Shanghai Institute's Zhao. Beijing hasn't commented on reasons for the visit's cancellation and the Foreign Ministry says China and Pakistan remain friendly neighbors.
China and Pakistan had in the past found common cause in checking India's growth as a regional power, but China's own stratospheric rise has alleviated that need. Beijing also has grown increasingly concerned with the threat to stability in its northwestern region of Xinjiang posed by Islamic radicals hiding out in northwestern Pakistan.
At the same time, Pakistan's political dysfunction and economic malaise also offer little incentive for Chinese companies to take on the sort of major projects there that they're now eyeing for India.

Traffickers  laughed  as they capsized boat to drown 500 refugeesTraffickers 'laughed' as they capsized boat to drown 500 refugees
AFP
print
Survivors of the most deadly migrant shipwreck in years have described the horrifying moment traffickers capsized their boat and left them to drown, the International Organisation for Migration (IOM) said Tuesday.
"After they hit our boat they waited to make sure that it had sunk completely before leaving. They were laughing," one survivor told IOM.
Fresh witness testimony confirmed around 500 people drowned after their boat sank off Malta on Wednesday, including up to 100 children who had been making the treacherous journey from Egypt to Italy, according to the Geneva-based organisation.
After three days at sea clinging to life buoys, a freighter picked up nine survivors. Two Palestinians were taken to Italy while the other seven, including a two year-old girl, were taken to hospital in Crete. One later died and the toddler remains in a critical condition.
The Palestinians, aged 27 and 33, told IOM their boat had been intentionally sunk by the people smugglers after the migrants refused to change to a smaller, less seaworthy vessel -- a story corroborated by the survivors in Crete.
"A violent argument ensued. The 10 smugglers, said to be Palestinian and Egyptian, began yelling," the IOM said, citing the latest testimony from Greece.
The enraged traffickers "rammed" the boat which "began to sink immediately, while the smugglers stayed in the area until they were certain that the migrant's vessel had sunk," it said.
Those who had managed to jump to safety into the smaller boat were "forced into the water" by their assailants.
"When the boat was first struck, one of the passengers killed himself in despair by hanging," one of the survivors said.
The Syrian, Palestinian, Egyptian and Sudanese migrants had set out from Damietta in Egypt on September 6.
Four bus loads of migrants were loaded onto the boat, which was between 15 and 18 metres (49 to 59 feet) long, until there were some 300 people crammed below deck and 200 on top -- including up to 100 children, the IOM said based on the survivors' reports.
"The 300 people who were in the lower deck were trapped and drowned immediately. The survivors say they watched as those thrown in the water clung to each other trying to stay alive," it said.
The two Palestinian survivors, who have requested asylum in Italy, said they paid a "travel office" in Gaza $2,000 (1,544 euros) each for the trip, with the money coming from grants they had been given to rebuild their homes.

Speeders get biggest share of tickets issued by D.C. copsBy Luz Lazo September 16 Follow @luzcita
If you’re pulled over by a D.C. police officer, it’s most likely due to speeding, running a red light, or failing to stop at a stop sign, according to data from the D.C. Department of Motor Vehicles.
Using a cell phone without a hands-free device and driving without insurance also rank high among the top violations drivers are cited for by D.C. police. Here’s a list of the top 10 violations for which D.C. police  have issued tickets so far this year:
Violation                                              Total Tickets issued:
Speeding 11-15 miles-per-hour over the speed limit — 142,989
Running a red light — 41,850
Speeding 16-20 over the limit — 32,370
Speeding 21-25 over the limit — 6,158
Failure to stop at a stop sign — 5,981
Use of a cell phone or other device without a hands-free accessory — 3,383
Failure to show proof of insurance — 3,272
Operating an uninsured vehicle — 2,796
Failure to wear to seat belt — 2,587
Use of truck restricted route — 1,807
Although Department of Motor Vehicles data suggests that officers are handing out tickets with less frequency when compared to past years,  enforcement remains largely focused on speeders. Drivers going more than 11 mile-per-hour over the speed limit are getting the biggest share of tickets.
Take this year, for example, 183,000 of the total 266,979 tickets issued by police to motorists so far this year, were for speeding. This includes 1,360 tickets issued to drivers going 26 to 30 miles-per-hour over the limit.
These statistics refer to tickets handed out by D.C. police, including thousands of tickets through the department’s automated traffic enforcement system, which is under scrutiny after an audit found that drivers often are ticketed for violations they didn’t commit and that enforcement is inconsistent.
An earlier version of this post suggested that the statistics listed reflected only tickets issued by actual police officers. The data, provided by the D.C. Department of Motor Vehicles, also includes tickets issued by the police department’s automated traffic enforcement cameras. This version has been corrected.
Luz Lazo writes about transportation and development. She has recently written about the challenges of bus commuting, Metro’s dark stations, and the impact of sequestration on air travel.

Alibaba risk: China s rise leaves out investors"These stocks are carrying a lot of heavy baggage on them, and that's reflected in their prices," says Paul Gillis, accounting professor at Peking University in Beijing.
ET SPECIAL:
WASHINGTON: American investors are clamoring to buy a stake in Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba, which is launching what may prove the biggest initial public stock offering ever.
But history is stacked against them.
China's explosive economic rise has delivered virtually nothing to most stock investors. When Chinese companies have listed stocks on American markets, their shares have lost an average 1 per cent a year for the next three years, compared with an average 7 per cent annual gain for other US IPOs, according to research by Jay Ritter, a finance professor at the University of Florida.
Most Chinese stocks trade in China, of course. And those stocks have burned investors, too. From 1993 to 2013, when China's economy grew nearly seven-fold from No. 9 to No. 2 in the world, stocks on Chinese markets returned a cumulative total of just 7.9 per cent _ even if shareholders had reinvested dividends. Over the same time, US stocks jumped 555 per cent, German stocks 458 per cent and Spanish stocks more than 1,000 per cent, according to Credit Suisse.
"It's probably one of the biggest disconnects in the history of stock markets," says Nicholas Lardy, senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics.
Chinese stock gains didn't even keep up with inflation, says Elroy Dimson, emeritus professor of finance at the London Business School, who helped compile the Credit Suisse numbers. Adjusted for inflation, Chinese stocks lost 3.8 per cent a year from 1993 to 2013.
It's entirely possible, of course, that Alibaba will produce outsize investment returns over time. The company has become a hugely popular shopping magnet on the strength of China's surging growth. Its regulatory filing indicates that Alibaba draws 188 million monthly visitors on mobile devices _ a tantalizing target for advertisers.
The company's financial results have been stellar: Alibaba said its revenue jumped 46 per cent to $2.54 billion in the three months that ended June 30 and that it earned $1.2 billion excluding a one-time gain.
Potential investors have swarmed to Alibaba's presentations in advance of the initial offering. Demand has grown so feverish that Alibaba on Monday said it planned to raise the offering price from the $60 to $66 a share it had earlier set to $66 to $68.
Yet the track record for Chinese stocks in general doesn't inspire confidence. Investment returns have been depressed by a range of factors _ from allegations of corporate fraud to questionable accounting to maddeningly cumbersome government rules.
"China has the most stable economy but the riskiest stock markets," Guoping Li of Beijing's Central University of Finance and Economics wrote last year. Li says Chinese stocks have become known as "the butchers of small shareholders' wealth."
And Ritter's figures for Chinese stocks in America don't include the riskiest ones, those that have made a back-door entry onto US exchanges by merging with US shell companies and thereby eluding much of the regulatory scrutiny that usually comes from selling shares publicly for the first time.
More than 100 of these companies were suspended or kicked off US exchanges in 2011 and 2012. The Securities and Exchange Commission has charged about two dozen with civil accounting violations and fraud. In one 2012 case, the SEC accused two executives of Puda Coal Inc. of transferring its most valuable assets to themselves and leaving investors with a worthless shell company.
"China is to stock fraud what Silicon Valley is to technology," says Carson Block, who runs the investment firm Muddy Waters Research and has profited by betting against Chinese companies.
Even after the purge of some of the worst stocks, Chinese companies on American and Canadian stock exchanges score below average for accounting and corporate governance, according to rankings by MSCI ESG Research.
Yet the allure of China has proved irresistible to many.
Page 1 of 2

GM to Add 750 Workers to Build Small Pickup TrucksAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

Three years in  virtual patent marking is still useful  still obscureBy Nancy Scola September 16 Follow @nancyscola
The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office in Alexandria, Va. (AP Photo/Alex Brandon)
One of the more intriguing bits tucked inside 2011's landmark patent reform bill called the America Invents Act had to do with a concept called "virtual marking." The notion: that allowing inventors to physically stamp their products with URLs pointing to detailed Web pages, rather than with the digits of a patent number, has a number of selling points. Internet-based patent notice could reduce the odds that companies would claim patents they didn't hold and that well-meaning inventors could become targets of money-seekers. The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office had three years to let Congress know how well virtual patent marking is working, and that report came out Tuesday .
In short, the report finds that replacing patent details with Web links is still a valuable prospect. But the technique is minimally used, and its implementation is still a little fuzzy.
To back up, the iconic case in the patent marking question is a 2007 one involving the Solo Cup company . A patent on Solo's plastic lids expired in 1988, but the company declined to update its molds to remove its identified patent claims, an expense that has been estimated in the neighborhood of $1million. The company was sued by a patent lawyer named Matthew Pequignot on the grounds that the company had misled the public on its relevant patents about 21 million times, based on the number of incorrectly marked lids it had produced in the intervening years. At a $500 penalty per cup, the company could have been on the hook for more than $5 trillion. Pequignot lost , with a judge deciding that Solo hadn't intended to deceive. But the case was a wake-up call for many.
Fast forward to today, and TiVo won't have that problem. Pick up the box on one of its new Roamio products, and you won't see a patent number. Instead, you'll see a pointer and a link: "Patented. U.S. pat. nos. at www.tivo.com/patents ."
Still, the USPTO report finds, the virtual marking practice isn't yet widespread, and perhaps as a result, there's still some ambiguity over the best way to implement it. For one thing, patent pages like TiVo's list a panoply of products and might be harder to parse, the patent office says. For another, the URL notice on a package might suggest an acquired patent rather than simply a patent pending.
And then there are the ripple effects from pushing patent notices to the Web site. The report noted some worries that companies might have access to the IP addresses of those visiting their patent notice page -- which could tip them to the identity of competitors. Also a concern: that should a company go out of business, and perhaps stop paying its Web site hosting bills, the public would lose access to the details on the patents the firm once held.
In the three years of the America Invents Act's existence, there seems to be only one legal case that has involved virtual patents. The report notes A to Z Machining Service v. National Storm Shelter , wherein a judge found that simply stamping a Web site address somewhere on a product isn't enough to count as proper notice; the URL has to be prepended with "patent" or "pat." -- to signal to the curious that that's where they should look for patent details.
The vision behind virtual patent marking is to tap the Internet's cheap abundance to inform the public about which patents attach to what. Keeping a patent Web page up to date takes minimal time and money, or, at least, far less than it takes to update an industrial plastic lid mold. But despite the benefits -- and the considerable interest in scores of industries in the future of patents -- it seems that virtual marking is still operating below the radar. Per the patent law, USPTO published a request for public comments on the practice in the Federal Register in June. Tuesday's report reveals that the Patent Office received all of nine comments.
Nancy Scola is a reporter who covers the intersections of technology and public policy, politics, and governance.

Watch: Ukrainian politician gets dumped in the trashBy Ishaan Tharoor September 16 Follow @ishaantharoor
An angry mob grabbed Vitaly Zhuravsky and dumped him in a garbage bin outside parliament on Tuesday. The group was angry at a bill, authored by Zhuravsky, tightening restrictions on anti-government protesters. (Reuters)
Video emerged Tuesday from Kiev of an angry mob frog-marching a member of parliament and literally dumping him in the trash. Vitaly Zhuravsky is held down by his assailants, splashed with water and buffeted by a loose tire before getting wheeled away in the dumpster and retrieved by some conspicuously disinterested security personnel.
Zhuravsky is a former membe r of the political party of former president Viktor Yanukovych, who was ousted following months of protests in February. Some reports suggest he was targeted because of his role in the passage of a bill in January that restricted freedom of speech.
"We live in a country where blood flows because of you," shouted at least one protester to the sprawled deputy, reported Reuters .
This attack took place on the same day the Ukrainian government of President Petro Poroshenko ratified an agreement with the European Union and also  proposed self-rule for two restive regions in eastern Ukraine, as well as amnesty for pro-Russian rebels fighting there. Their separatist insurgency has raised the specter of full-blown war with Russia. Some in Kiev, particularly among Ukraine's nationalist far-right, were very displeased with the proposed ceasefire agreement.
"A capitulation was announced today in this war," said Oleh Tiagnybok, the leader of the nationalist Svoboda party, as reported by the BBC. Zhuravsky's incident brought to mind a filmed scene in April when Svoboda members attacked a head of a Kiev TV station and forced him to resign on camera.
It's unclear who the protesters who threw Zhuravsky into the dumpster were. A large group, including members of the far-right group Pravy Sektor, had earlier encircled the parliament building, demanding the passage of a " lustration" bill , which would vet government officials on the basis of their roles in the country's previous administrations, many of which still carry the stigma of corruption.
Ishaan Tharoor writes about foreign affairs for The Washington Post. He previously was a senior editor at TIME, based first in Hong Kong and later in New York.

Committee taking 45 more days to review fracking rulesCommittee taking 45 more days to review fracking rules
Focus on fracking
Alex Garcia / Chicago Tribune
Members of the North Utica village board and the Utica planning commission look at a slide presentation by Woodland Path Managing Director Stephen Schuster during a public hearing in North Utica on his company's mining proposal.
Members of the North Utica village board and the Utica planning commission look at a slide presentation by Woodland Path Managing Director Stephen Schuster during a public hearing in North Utica on his company's mining proposal. (Alex Garcia / Chicago Tribune)
Conservation Natural Resources Energy Resources Natural Resources Defense Council Illinois General Assembly
Committee: We need more time to review fracking rules
The Illinois legislature's Joint Committee on Administrative Rules will take an additional 45 days to review rules that would govern horizontal hydraulic fracturing in the state, saying they would like time to review the complicated regulations.
8
The  12-member committee met Tuesday in Chicago to review the rules — one of 52 items on its agenda — which attempt to incorporate more than 30,000 comments the Illinois Department of Natural Resources received about its first draft from all sides of the issue into a final set of regulations.
Environmentalists, oil and gas developers and anti-fracking groups are anxiously awaiting Friday's unveiling of regulations for fracking operations in Illinois. ( Julie Wernau )
The rules, submitted to the committee last month, are the requirement of a law passed more than a year ago to regulate the industry. The state department's rules and regulations must be approved by the committee before fracking companies can apply for permits.
While the rules are on its agenda, the committee has until Nov. 15 to deal with them. If the committee does nothing, the rules automatically take effect. The committee can approve the rules, suggest changes or reject them. If it rejects them, the rule-making process starts anew.
cComments
@Nelson Wood -- NO, they were NOT. For example, not a single mention of the radiation hazard from fracking water and radon gas emissions appeared in the "legislative process", despite numerous letters to legislators and other negotiators to address that concern. And, not all...
David Kraft
2
While the Department of Natural Resources has taken nearly a year to draft the rules, trotting them out at multiple public hearings and addressing more comments than it has received on any rules it has drafted combined, the latest draft is not without controversy.
Representatives of the oil and gas industry expressed outrage last week about the latest draft of rules, saying it's doubtful "anyone will even bother" to apply for a drilling permit if the regulations move forward.
Meanwhile, environmental groups responded by saying “cry me a polluted river” in response to an industry news conference that called the new rules an attempt to rewrite the law that started the process in the first place.
“Any industry that cannot manage to operate under a ground level set of public protections and transparency requirements has no business operating at all,” Ann Alexander, senior attorney for the Natural Resources Defense Council, said in response to industry complaints.
The environmental groups take issue with some provisions in the draft too, Alexander said, but for the most part were pleased to see that the Department of Natural Resources “fixed some of the grossest deficiencies in the proposed fracking rules.”
She said industry complaints are invalid as “the very purpose of administrative regulations is to be more specific than the statute.”

Electronic toll collection on highways: NHAI...Axis Bank
(NHAI has inked pact with…)
NEW DELHI: NHAI-promoted Indian Highways Management Company Limited (IHMCL) has inked a pact with Axis Bank for services related electronic toll collection, which the government plans to introduce pan-India.
Considering the complexities and geographical spread, the nationwide electronic toll collection (ETC) would be first of its kind in the whole world.
"IHMCL, a NHAI promoted company and Axis Bank has signed an agreement for provision of Central Clearing House (CCH) services and sale of FASTag, for Electronic Toll Collection (ETC) at the Toll Plazas on the National Highways," an official statement said today.
It said ETC system on Delhi - Mumbai stretch of the national highways will be made operational by the end of this month and a nationwide rollout will be carried out by the end of year.
Earlier this year, IHMCL had signed agreement with ICICI Bank also and it has two banks now to perform clearing and settlement of electronic toll transaction, which is a key requirement for electronic toll collection.
This is subsequent to the initiative taken by the Ministry of Road Transport & Highways, NHAI and IHMCL for implementation of unified Electronic Toll Collection on Indian national highways.
Electronic Toll Collection enables road users to pay highway tolls electronically without stopping at the toll plazas.
"The unique number of the RFID FASTag affixed on the wind shield of the vehicle will be read by the readers fitted in the dedicated 'ETC' lanes of plazas and the toll will be deducted automatically," the statement said adding this will help in reducing congestion at the toll plazas and enable seamless movement of vehicles on the national highways.
The Ministry has decided to roll out ETC programme in the country under the brand name "FASTag".
The dedicated ETC lanes will have colour coding for distinct identity recognised as "FASTag lanes".
ICICI Bank and Axis bank, engaged for providing CCH services, would distribute RFID based "FASTag" through their franchises/agents and at points of sales near the toll plazas.
Road users can enrol and get "FASTag" affixed on their vehicles at designated toll plaza locations or Point of Sale (POS) stations of Axis bank and ICICI bank.
Such type of highway tag brands are common in developed countries and are known by different names like "Eazee Pass", "SunPass" in the US, "e-Pass" in Australia, "Salik" in Dubai etc.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Wall Street higher on uncertainty over Fed s next moveWall Street higher on uncertainty over Fed's next move
By Reuters | 16 Sep, 2014, 10.45PM IST
0
Share More
US stocks were rising with markets reacting to expectations over the language the Fed will use to describe its future rate policy.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: US stocks were rising on Tuesday with markets reacting to wavering expectations over the language the Federal Reserve will use Wednesday to describe its future interest rate policy.
Major indexes hit session highs in early afternoon, with participants citing a report in the Wall Street Journal as an indication the Fed would be if not dovish, at least less hawkish than some expect.
"Investors are getting squirrelly going into tomorrow's meeting, which we believe is unwarranted," said Chad Morganlander, portfolio manager at Stifel, Nicolaus & Co in Florham Park, New Jersey.
"Any kind of indication via news sources of a more dovish Fed would bode well for risk markets."
The Fed will leave the language mostly intact in the policy statement due Wednesday, the WSJ reported, cutting into expectations of a timeline for rate hikes that could come in sooner than many have expected.
The U.S. dollar weakened against the euro and yen on the report.
The Dow Jones industrial average was rising 101.61 points, or 0.6 percent, to 17,132.75, the S&P 500 was gaining 14.21 points, or 0.72 percent, to 1,998.34 and the Nasdaq Composite was adding 22.17 points, or 0.49 percent, to 4,541.07.
Energy shares continued to lead the market higher as crude prices rose, but utilities, a proxy for investor appetite for dividend payers, were also moving sharply higher.
The largest percentage gainer on the New York Stock Exchange was Glimcher Realty, rising 30.26 percent after Washington Prime announced the purchase of Glimcher for $4.3 billion. The largest percentage decliner was Atlantic Power , down 32.55 percent after it said it would replace its CEO and slash its dividend.
Besides Glimcher, among the most active stocks on the NYSE were Bank of America, down 0.12 percent to $16.72, and Petrobras, up 8.52 percent to $17.95.
On the Nasdaq, Apple , down 1.3 percent to $100.28; Yahoo , down 0.1 percent to $42.50; and Facebook , up 1.4 percent to $75.63, were among the most actively traded.
Advancing issues were outnumbering declining ones on the NYSE by 1,910 to 1,057, for a 1.81-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,339 issues were rising and 1,263 falling for a 1.06-to-1 ratio favoring advancers.
The broad S&P 500 index was posting 12 new 52-week highs and 2 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite was recording 18 new highs and 79 new lows.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

75% marks in class 12th board exams  the new eligibility criteria for the IITsprint
The controversial ‘percentile system’ that decides students' eligibility for admissions into the IITs is set to change with the Joint Admission Board (JAB) of the premier technical institutions recommending ‘top 20 percentile or 75% marks in the state board examinations, whichever is lower,’ for a seat in the IITs.
The recommendations came in a meeting of Standing Committee of IIT Council, a sub committee of the IIT council on Saturday, sources in the government said.
The final decision will be taken in the meeting of IIT council, later this month.
The top 20 percentile system introduced during the UPA regime and under former HRD minister Kapil Sibal in 2013, required successful candidates to be among the top-20 percentile scorers in Class 12 exams of their respective boards.
This rule had created a controversy as there was huge variation in the cut off marks of different boards and had resulted in 80 students mostly from Andhra Pradesh missing a seat in IITs despite qualifying the entrance examination, as they had failed to figure in the top 20 percentile.
The cut-off (to figure in top-20 percentile list) for Andhra students had shot up to 91.8 per cent, the highest in the country, Tamil Nadu, at 90.9% and Kerala 85.2%.
The modified rule, when accepted by the IIT council, will benefit students who score 75% marks in the board examination as they will qualify the eligibility criteria of the IIT irrespective of the variations in the percentile cut off.
The new system was introduced in 2013 to make students give more focus on their class 12 board examinations, which was widely ignored by IIT aspirants who, according to the earlier rule just had to score 60%.  
The 20 percentile system, after it was introduced saw rise in cut off from 81.6% in 2013 to 83.2%. For Andhra Board this increased from 91.8% to 93.03%, for Karnataka board from 86% to 93%, for ISC from 83.2% to 85%, Tamil Nadu board from 90.9% to 91.7%.

How the Fed s Guidance on Rates Has EvolvedAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

Stocks Move Higher in Afternoon as Fed MeetsAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

One in every nine people in the world is still chronically hungryBy Roberto A. Ferdman September 16 Follow @robferdman
There's plenty of food, but not everyone is being fed. (Pat Roque/AP Photo)
The good news is that there are 200 million fewer people suffering from undernourishment today than there were 20 years ago. The bad news is that more than 800 million are still chronically hungry.
The latest Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) estimates, which were included in a new report released Tuesday  by the United Nations, found significant declines in the number of hungry people around the world, including more than 100 million people over the past decade alone. The global rate of undernourishment has fallen from just under 19 percent to just over 11 percent since 1992, and from 23.4 to 13.5 percent in developing countries, over the same period.
Latin America and the Caribbean, a region that has historically been plagued by hunger, has made particularly impressive progress in its efforts to eradicate hunger—the number of undernourished people living in the region has fallen nearly by half, from 69 million to 37 million, since 1992. Asia made considerable strides, too—the number of hungry people living in the region has fallen by more than 215 million over the same period. In China alone the number has fallen by 138 million.
In percentage terms, some of the improvements are even more encouraging. In Southeast Asia, for instance, nearly a third of the population suffered from chronic undernourishment between 1990 and 1992, but that share has since fallen to just over 10 percent. And in Latin America, it has fallen from 14.4 percent to 5.1 percent over the same period.
But the reality, however improved, is still grim.
"Despite overall progress in developing countries as a whole, large differences remain across regions," the report says, pointing to large swaths of Asia and Africa that are still plagued by chronic hunger. In Sub-Saharan Africa more than 200 million are still undernourished,  nearly 40 million more than 20 years ago. And Asia, despite its progress, is still home to 526 million people who are chronically hungry—more than two-thirds of the total number globally.
Globally, declines in hunger have fallen short of targets in both raw number and percentage terms.
Curbing world hunger is not merely a matter of producing more food, because insufficient food isn't actually the issue—there is enough food to feed all seven billion people living in the world today.
The reasons hunger exists are instead more closely tied to infrastructural shortcomings, which have made problems like natural disasters, war, displacement, poverty, and wastage more difficult to overcome. The UN delineates the symptoms of such issues on its website .
Hunger exists because of conflict and war, which destroy the chance to earn a decent living. It exists because poor people don’t have access to land to grow viable crops or keep livestock, or to steady work that would give them an income to buy food. It exists because people sometimes use natural resources in ways that are not sustainable. It exists because there is not enough investment in the rural sector in many countries to support agricultural development. Hunger exists because financial and economic crises affect the poor most of all by reducing or eliminating the sources of income they depend on to survive.
Food waste, in particular, has emerged as a serious global problem. Nearly a third of food produced around the world is wasted today, according to the UN . And the problem is often most severe in developed countries, where the fact that hunger is so prevalent in certain parts of the world is more likely to be taken for granted. Look no further than the United States, where some 40 percent of food  still goes uneaten.
Roberto A. Ferdman is a reporter for Wonkblog covering food, economics, immigration and other things. He was previously a staff writer at Quartz.

President Obama is going to a fundraiser every five days in 2014By Philip Bump September 16 Follow @pbump
Barack Obama raises a glass and toasts his guests during a dinner on the occassion of the U.S.-Africa Leaders Summit on the South Lawn of the White House August 5, 2014. (Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images)
As part of his push to keep money flowing into Democratic campaign accounts before the midterms, President Obama has appeared at 49 fundraisers so far this year -- 46 of which were for party committees or PACs that will spend the money on political campaigns this fall.
When we looked at Obama's fundraising in May, we figured out that he was on pace to go to a fundraiser every six days or so. Now, he's at five-and-a-quarter. That's thanks to a particularly active summer; the president even attended a fundraiser during his putative vacation on Martha's Vineyard in August.
The way it usually works is that Obama squeezes in a fundraiser -- often, two -- when he's visiting a city for other official business. That's led him to criss-cross the country, attending events that are usually held at private residences. (Of the 47 events for which the location is known, 33 have been at peoples' homes.)
Obama's favorite beneficiary continues to be the Democratic National Committee, for which he's done 21 events. He's done 14 events for Senate campaign groups, including the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee and the Senate Majority PAC, the super PAC that has already spent $36 million on the 2014 campaign.
Obama has two more fundraisers lined up this week, both of which benefit the DNC. It is very safe to assume these will not be his last DNC events before the first Tuesday in November.
Philip Bump writes about politics for The Fix. He previously wrote for The Wire, the news blog of The Atlantic magazine. He has contributed to The Daily Beast, The Atlantic, The Daily, and the Huffington Post. Philip is based in New York City.

Bryce Harper respects the A in return to Atlanta— Atlanta Braves (@Braves) August 10, 2014
In case you forgot, both the Atlanta and Washington TV broadcast teams referenced the August incident when Harper came to the plate in the second inning on Monday.
“As he made his way to the plate, I didn’t see, did Harper avoid the ‘A’?” Braves broadcaster Chip Caray asked.
“It looks like there’s no scuff mark,” Joe Simpson replied. “Yeah, it looks clean.”
“Okay. So far, so good,” Caray said.
(Via MLB.tv)
A replay confirmed that Harper had, in fact, respected the ‘A.’
“Yep, that white line was there for a reason,” Caray said. “A little controversy the last time Washington was here. Harper dragged his foot across the ‘A’ behind home plate.”
MASN’s F.P. Santangelo also noted that Harper, who said that he did not intentionally disrespect the ‘A’ last month, walked around the ‘A.’ Santangelo then compared it to a welcome mat.
“A welcome mat you’re not supposed to step on,” Bob Carpenter said. “They could do like the golf carts or the airplanes do, ‘Do Not Step.’”
Since disrespecting the ‘A,’ intentionally or not, Harper has hit .299/.348/.520 with nine home runs and 16 RBI.
Nate Schierholtz, who entered the game for Harper in the fourth inning, came perilously close to disrespecting the ‘A,’ but left no scuff marks.
(Via MLB.tv)
Thanks to @DCSportsNexus .
Scott Allen writes about all things D.C. sports. Follow him on Twitter @ScottSAllen or e-mail him if you’ve got a tip to share.

2G: ED  CBI take opposite stands on accused travel applicationsED, CBI disagree over letting 2G accused go abroad
Avantika Mehta , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 17, 2014
First Published: 01:01 IST(17/9/2014) | Last Updated: 01:56 IST(17/9/2014)
Comments
The Enforcement Directorate (ED) and CBI are at odds over whether to allow two people, accused in 2G spectrum allocation, to travel abroad.
The accused — Swan telecom promoter Shahid Balwa and Bollywood producer Karim Morani— had on September 10 filed an application requesting the court’s permission to travel abroad.
While Balwa wanted to go to London to drop off his son to college, Morani claimed he needed to travel to several countries including the US, the United Kingdom, Mexico, Belgium, Netherland and Dubai for work.
At that time, the senior public prosecutor for the CBI had “no objection” to the applications and, on this basis, Special Judge OP Saini had allowed Morani and Balwa to travel to their respective foreign destinations.
However, in an opposite move, enforcement directorate’s counsel NK Matta raised several objections against the applications, including that they were not supported by the requisite documentation, such as visas and hotel booking.
With regard to Morani, it was also argued that his specific presence was not required to complete the type of work he had listed he needed to travel for. Arguments on the matter were heard Tuesday, and the court reserved its order regarding the travel plans of the two.
The 2G spectrum scam involved corporations, politicians and government officials in India illegally undercharging mobile telephony companies for allocating 2G spectrum licenses for cell phones, leading to – according to the CAG — a shortfall of Rs. 1,76,645 crore.
Balwa, one of the promoters of the DB Group, which owns DB realty and Swan telecom, was arrested in February 2011 on the allegation that DB group transferred Rs. 2 billion to a media company owned by members of DMK party as gratuity for helping Swan bag licenses for 13 circles.
Cineyug’s Morani, considered one of the top producers in the Hindi film industry, was arrested on allegations that he channeled the kickbacks received by DMK for allocating the spectrum licenses to companies like Swan telecom.
The enforcement directorate had, in a case of money laundering arising from the 2G spectrum allocation scam, chargesheeted former telecom minister A Raja, Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam MP Kanimozhi, the Balwa brothers and five other accused.
Among the companies chargesheeted are Morani’s Cineyug and Balwa’s Swan telecom and DMK owned Kalaignar TV Pvt Limited.

Aadhaar no. likely to be identitylinkPrint
Written by Ruhi Tewari | New Delhi | Posted: September 17, 2014 1:52 am
Giving another fillip to the UPA government’s Aadhaar project, Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s ambitious ‘Digital India’ programme is likely to include the 12-digit number as a key component, making it a crucial part of the programme.
The ‘Digital India’ campaign is aimed at ensuring that government services are available to citizens electronically. It also envisions providing a “cradle-to-grave digital identity” that is “unique, lifelong and online”.
According to government sources, this digital identity is in all likelihood going to be Aadhaar.
While initially there was uncertainty surrounding the nature of the identity and whether a separate one would be created, officials now say
it is almost certain that Aadhaar would serve as the online identity. “Aadhaar fits the description of the cradle-to-grave identity. It is digital as well as unique and lifelong because it uses biometrics. To create another such identity when one already exists would be both time-consuming and duplication,” an official said.
Officials say it became clear that Aadhaar would serve as the identity after a high-level meeting chaired by Modi earlier this month where he took stock of the progress of Aadhaar and enrolment status. Further, the Cabinet recently cleared Rs 1,200 crore for the next phase of Aadhaar, while setting an enrolment target of 100 crore by the end of 2015.
This is also in line with Modi’s push to Aadhaar in the last two months where he has made it the basis for several new projects, including introducing Aadhaar-based attendance system for all central government officials.

HC appoints lawyers to monitor 13-year-old girlseducationPrint
Written by Aneesha Mathur | New Delhi | Posted: September 17, 2014 1:51 am
In a move that may pave the way for future action against parents who do not send their children to school, the Delhi High Court on Tuesday appointed three lawyers as amicus curiae to monitor the progress of a 13-year-old girl who was pulled out of school by her mother five years ago.
The child was brought before the court by her mother on Tuesday after the court issued bailable warrants against the mother for not responding to summons issued by the court. Observing that the child seemed malnourished and very frail for her age, the court then directed Delhi government counsel Ruchi Sindhwani to get the child examined at a government hospital, and pulled up the mother for the condition of the child.
The girl’s parents had separated in 2005, following which the mother lived with her family, taking the child with her. The couple was granted a divorce in 2010, and custody of the girl was given to the mother. The father remarried in 2012.
In May this year, the child’s father approached the High Court, alleging that his wife was “deliberately mistreating” their daughter, and had pulled her out of school. In May, the court had issued notice to the mother, then bailable warrants, when the mother failed to appear before the court in July.
On Tuesday, the court asked the father why he had not done something to help the girl. But, it accepted his argument that he was unaware that his daughter had been withdrawn from school. The father offered to pay the fees to send her to a boarding school. However, the girl’s mother objected to it.
Observing that the dispute between the parents was affecting the child, the court asked the Delhi government counsel to suggest measures to help the girl.
“Where do I send the child? Can we put her under guardianship? It seems like a fit case where we should consider withdrawing her from the parents’ custody,” Justice Manmohan observed.
During the proceedings, the court also asked the government to consult the Delhi Commission for Protection of Child Rights and the Child Welfare Committee to look into legal provisions available to help the child.
“You have committed a criminal offence by withdrawing the child. It is an unpardonable act. I should withdraw her from your custody but I am only allowing it on humanitarian consideration as I can’t separate mother from child,” the judge told the woman.
Citing the Right to Free and Compulsory Education Act, which makes it mandatory for children between 6-14 years to get free education, the court directed the Delhi government to admit the child to a government school by Monday.
It also appointed government Counsel Ruchi Sindhwani, advocate Raj Shekhar Rao and advocate Ashok Aggarwal as amicus curiae, and asked them to monitor the child and ensure that she continues her education.
Since the child was pulled out of school when she was in Class II, the court asked the Directorate of Education to examine the child for her level of education and intelligence. It has also continued…

Triple blow to RajegovernmentWritten by Sweta Dutta | Jaipur | Posted: September 17, 2014 1:47 am | Updated: September 17, 2014 11:59 am
Rajasthan : Cong 3 (+3), BJP 1 (-3)
The Congress wrested three of four seats from the BJP in Rajasthan. Bhajanlal Jatav won Weir, Sharwan Kumar clinched and Ramnarayan Gurjar won Nasirabad. The BJP’s Sandeep Sharma retained Kota South but his margin was slashed by half. A recount was held for Nasirabad seat on the demand of BJP workers, but the Congress held on.
“We humbly accept the results. We will introspect and analyse the results and will continue working for the people,” said CM Vasundhara Raje.
BJP leaders said the loss has nothing to do with the government’s performance. Spokesperson Kailash Nath Bhatt said, “While general elections were held on national and state issues, bypolls are always contested on smaller, more local issues. This does not go to show that the people are unhappy with the state government.”
The Congress said Raje’s failure to deliver on her poll promises led to the the results. State Congress chief Sachin Pilot said, “In the assembly polls, the electorate gave them a thumping majority, but what did they deliver? The Raje government has only 11 ministers and the CM holds 47 portfolios. How can she do justice to any of them?”
Former Chief Minister Ashok Gehlot said, “Now that the BJP has lost and is shaken out of its slumber, it might start working. So far they were only enjoying tours.”
Raje’s rivals in the party called the loss a result of her high-handedness. Sources said apart from Kota South, the candidates did not have the backing of the legislators who had vacated the seats. Raje is said to have ignored the recommendations of Sanwar Lal Jat, Santosh Ahlawat and Bahadur Singh Koli, who vacated Nasirabad, Surajgarh and Weir after being elected MPs.
The bypoll results are bad news for Raje as she is said to have run out of favour with Prime Minister Narendra Modi. Her rivals say the defeat could widen the chasm.

No data on teachers: HC rapsgovtPrint
Written by Aneesha Mathur | New Delhi | Posted: September 17, 2014 1:47 am
Expressing its dismay at an affidavit submitted by the Directorate of Education (DoE), which states that the department does not have data on number of students enrolled in government aided schools or the number of teachers required, the Delhi High Court has pulled up the Education department.
In an affidavit submitted on the plea of a schoolteacher, the DoE had stated that it had not issued any directions for fixing posts of teachers in any aided school after 2009-10. According to the rules, government aided schools have to inform the DoE about the number of students enrolled in their schools, after which the DoE initiates the process of fixing posts of teachers. However, since 2010, no norms have been issued by the department. As a result, no new appointments or re-employment of teachers has been done.
“The absence of norms fixed by the Directorate of Education over the past few years is an absolutely unacceptable position,” the court of Justice Hima Kohli said.
The court also noted that the DoE “has not been discharging its duty” and directed the Director of Education to collect the data and file an affidavit within four weeks, with details of number of government aided schools, number of students enrolled in the schools and the number of teaching faculty since 2009-10.

In PM home  BJP drops 3  falls inrestExpress News Service | Ahmedabad/rajkot/vadodara | Posted: September 17, 2014 1:44 am | Updated: September 17, 2014 11:58 am
Gujarat
BJP 6 (-3), Cong 3 (+3)
The day Narendra Modi was returning home for the first time since becoming Prime Minister, the BJP lost three of the nine assembly seats in the byelections and saw it vote share drop in all the the others.
BJP leaders blamed the candidates. “The fact that we won in Vadodara Lok Sabha seat with a huge margin shows the support for Modi and Chief Minister Anandi Patel is intact. We lost a few assembly seats as our candidates were weak,” said Gujarat BJP general secretary Vijay Rupani.
Patel had promised Modi all nine seats as a birthday gift. She had campaigned in each constituency and termed the election a “litmus test” of her popularity and efficiency as CM.
In Vadodara, Ranjan Bhatt won by 3,29,507 votes over the Congress’s Narendra Ravat, not quite as high as Modi’s 5.70 lakh, but the bypolls overall saw only a 45-per-cent turnout after 70 per cent in the general elections.
The Congress recaptured Khambhaliya after 25 years, with first-timer Meraman Goriya defeating former minister Mulu Bera. Gova Rabari won Deesa, while Babubhai Vaja won Mangrol. Among the seats the BJP retained was Narendra Modi’s Maninagar (Suresh Patel).
“Given the small turnout of less than 35 per cent this time, the victory margin of 49,645 is quite impressive,” Patel said.
The others seats the BJP won were Anand (Rohit Patel), Limkheda (Vichhiyabhai Bhuriya), Matar (Kesrisinh Solanki), Tankara (Bavanjibhai Metaliya) and Talaja (Shivabhai Gohil).

NHRC seeks report on open MetropitPrint
New Delhi | Posted: September 17, 2014 1:44 am
The National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) on Tuesday sought a factual report from the Delhi government regarding the incident of a student falling in a pit near an under-construction Metro site. On September 6, a Class VIII student and four others had fallen into a pit near a Metro construction site in Karkardooma, East Delhi. While the four were rescued, the student died. Following the incident, residents in the area had alleged Metro workers had let the pits remain open, resulting in such incidents. “The boy, identified as Kartik (15), was a resident of Arya Nagar Colony in Karkardooma. He was returning home from Sarvodaya School in the evening when he, along with his friends, decided to take a dip in the pit. Kartik was rushed to Dr Hedgewar Hospital where he was declared brought dead,” the NHRC spokesperson said in a statement.  ENS
HC hears plea on NDMC dissolution
New Delhi: The Delhi High Court on Tuesday asked the Centre to respond to a plea filed by recently removed NDMC members against the dissolution and reconstitution of the municipal body. Raising the issue of why proper procedure to issue a showcause notice under Section 398 of the NDMC Act for dissolution of the council had not been followed, the court of Chief Justice G Rohini and Justice R S Endlaw directed the government to file its counteraffidavits within two weeks. “It seems the earlier court order has not been complied with and a mere formality has been done,” the bench said.
Former NDMC members Tajdar Babar, Ashok Ahuja, I A Siddiqui and Sukha Ram had moved the court challenging their removal from the NDMC board.  ENS
BSES launches Cloud-based portal to track consumption
New Delhi: The BSES has unveiled a Cloud-based consumer portal that can now help consumers track their energy consumption on a real-time basis and also recommend measures that can help save their energy costs. The BSES on Tuesday unveiled the initiative at a conclave at the India Habitat Centre. The portal will help consumers, mainly those consuming power above 50 KW. The portal has been designed to help reduce energy costs by reducing energy bills anywhere between 8-20 per cent. The portal will be a paid service, officials said.  ENS

NASA Announces Return to Human SpaceflightsSPECIAL LIVE COVERAGE FROM ABC NEWS
RADAR: Storms Developing in the South
EXPLORE.ORG: Maya's Puppy Litter
WARNING: VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAMING COVERAGE
LIVE Coverage Calendar

The hot new thing on Tinder: Posting photos of your resume or bank accountBy Caitlin Dewey September 16 Follow @caitlindewey
(Tinder)
Each day seems to bring a new online-dating revelation meant to erode our collective faith in courtship/humanity. First there was OkCupid’s disturbing, data-based glimpse into modern attraction. (“Men are sexists, and we’re all racists.”) Then there was a flotilla of blogs devoted to users’ cringe-inducing dating fails.
Today, on Tinder, there are men seeking love with their resumes and bank accounts. Unironically.
James Shamsi, a 21-year-old graduate of King’s College London (and, perhaps predictably, a “social media consultant”), received lots of attention — little of it romantic — after posting his abbreviated resume to Tinder. He was genuinely trying to get a job, Shamsi assured the Daily Dot , after recently moving to Los Angeles. But his CV did score him a coffee date, too, which is a lesson either in unintended consequences or the dating values of ladies in L.A.
Meanwhile, in an (admittedly unverified!) image surfaced by the Boston branch of Barstool Sports , a 29-year-old named Brandon forwent his actual photo … and posted a screenshot of a business checking account balance.
Tinder’s all about looks… But this guy has taken things to the next level by using a photo of his bank account! pic.twitter.com/BBryKwDJya
— 101.5 KooL FM (@1015KooLFM) September 15, 2014
“We actually do this kind of thing often for our clients, and it is something we have seen become increasingly popular among Tinder users,” said Scott Valdez, the founder of the online-dating consultancies Virtual Dating Assistants and Tinder Done For You . Some types of offbeat images, Valdez says, “can add some personality to one’s Tinder persona.”
But maybe personality isn’t the name of the game, here — after all, research on online dating habits has consistently revealed users’ motives are less honorable than we might hope. Men consistently look for 20-year-old women, regardless of their own ages; racial bias is prevalent and intense; people tend to have better, deeper conversations when they don’t know what their partner looks like ; married people tend to seek flings online right when they have their first kid . “I wish people exercised more humanity,” summed up OkCupid’s Christian Rudder as part of his recent media tour. Indeed.
you posted your bank account balance as your tinder photo?! you must have THE BEST personality #ermahgerd
— Leticia Monroe (@RaquelBateman) September 16, 2014
But some people see things a little less darkly. Max Schwartz — proprietor of dating-photography service Tinder Headshots, a real thing that exists (!) — sees the whole continuum of Tinder weirdness as a kind of experimentation, a way for people to figure the platform, and maybe themselves, out.
“I think it’s becoming a way for people to learn how to re-market themselves,” he said. “Kinda like what happened when everyone started using Myspace.”
Needless to say, Schwartz doesn’t recommend the resume or bank account approach. And truth be told, science doesn’t either: According to Rudder’s research, the best online-dating photos are pictures of the dater with no flash and a shallow depth of field. Tinder Headshots can supply those, FYI — for $75 apiece.
Caitlin Dewey runs The Intersect blog, writing about digital and Internet culture. Before joining the Post, she was an associate online editor at Kiplinger’s Personal Finance.

Wall St. ends up as views shift on Fed s next moveWall St. ends at records on central bank action
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
NASDAQ European Central Bank Financial Markets NYSE Euronext, Inc. GameStop Corp. Mario Draghi
By Ryan Vlastelica
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed higher on Friday, with major indexes notching a fifth straight weekly advance after China's central bank cut its benchmark interest rate and its euro zone peer announced asset purchases in efforts to boost each region's economy.
The gains were broad on a day when both the Dow and S&P 500 ended at closing records. All ten primary S&P 500 industry sectors ended the day higher, while 63 percent of stocks traded on the New York Stock Exchange closed in positive territory. About 50 percent of Nasdaq-listed names were higher on the day.
The People's Bank of China said it was cutting one-year benchmark lending rates for the first time in more than two years.
The move came after European Central Bank head Mario Draghi said "excessively low" inflation had to be raised quickly by whatever means necessary, rekindling expectations the ECB will move to stimulate the euro zone economy. The ECB said it started buying asset-backed securities to encourage banks to lend and revive the economy.
"It isn't the size of the moves but the shock value of the direction that is really lifting markets today," said Mark Luschini, chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott in Philadelphia, which manages about $67 billion in assets. "This is a one-two punch for global growth."
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 88.94 points, or 0.5 percent, to 17,807.94, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 10.7 points, or 0.52 percent, to 2,063.45 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.10 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,712.97.
Both the Dow and S&P ended at records. For the week, the Dow rose 1 percent, the S&P added 1.2 percent and the Nasdaq rose 0.5 percent. It was the fifth straight weekly advance for all three.
Gains in the Nasdaq were limited by declines in large-cap tech companies. Microsoft Corp  fell 1.5 percent to $47.97 while Netflix Inc  slid 2.1 percent to $360.28.
GameStop Corp  sank 13 percent to $37.86 a day after the video game retailer posted quarterly revenue and earnings well below expectations. The stock was the biggest decliner on the S&P 500.
The benchmark index's biggest gainers were Ross Stores  and Autodesk Inc , both of which rallied after results late Thursday. Ross jumped 7.3 percent to $89.27 while Autodesk was up 6.1 percent to $61.95.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 2,029 to 1,039, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,461 issues rose and 1,286 fell, for a 1.14-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 96 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 111 new highs and 44 new lows.
About 6.5 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data, above the month-to-date average of 6.35 billion.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

CME Group says floor traders abandon lawsuit over grain rulesCME Group says floor traders abandon lawsuit over grain rules
CME
Michael Tercha / Chicago Tribune
Pedestrians cross LaSalle Street in the shadow of the iconic Chicago Board of Trade Building in this 2011 photo.
Pedestrians cross LaSalle Street in the shadow of the iconic Chicago Board of Trade Building in this 2011 photo. (Michael Tercha / Chicago Tribune)
Reuters
'It is unfortunate that the plaintiffs wasted so much of their own time and money' says CME
Traders sought to reverse a decision to include electronic transactions to determine end-of-day grain prices
A group of Chicago traders have agreed to drop a lawsuit against CME Group Inc. that sought to reverse a decision to include electronic transactions to determine end-of-day grain prices, the company said on Tuesday.
The traders, who work on the Chicago Board of Trade's 140-year-old agricultural trading floor, will “abandon all their claims” against the world's largest futures exchange operator without receiving any payment, according to a statement.

Xi Jinping arrives today with some goodiesXi Jinping arrives today with some goodies
BJP suffers reverses in by-pollsBJP suffers reverses in by-polls
Dear tikamas and all follower  morepen is my risky bet like mark...975 Followers
Dear rk jee and all Friends,
Firstly I`m very thankful to you all for having faith in me.Also greatful to almighty to make me able to help other.When I see life around myself my eyes fils with tear.An emotion which is unexplained and unimaginely mixed.
At one hand I feel greatful to all mighty that I am human being not anything else, I am physically able, not anything else and I am capable of looking after myself and in certain extent people around myself.Just thought of such philosophy makes me humble.Keeps me grounded.
On the other hand when I feel tired, exhausted, lack certain knowledge, lack certain capability , lack certain achievement or say lack certain physical,personal or materialistic thing which at times I am not able to achieve or fulfil despite my best effort I ask my lordship why???
Such a situation of helplessness and acknowledgement of limit of human capacity again keeps me grounded and humble.Hereby although I learn from books and various method but coming close to God has changed the way I live, the way my thought process is evolved.More than persistence of life now it has become a meaning of my existence.
In my though process it is always there that I cannot guarantee what will happen next millisecond.Example just take it from MMB I donot know who I will interact next day or minute on MMB.Such is the thing in life as well.Therefore I wonder HOW MUCH WE ARE LOST and keep on doing irrelevant thing.I think basic philosophy of path of god is to be dutiful, honest and become a GIVER, To be always innovative.Because if you don`t god will take it back by one or other meaning.
ONE WHO GIVES ARE BLESSED.A BLESSED ONE IS AT PEACE.ONE CAN BE AT PEACE ONLY WHEN HE HAS ATTAINED SUPREME TRANQUILITY OF MIND,A STATE OF MEANINGFUL SELFLESSNESS.Only such life is happy and above all dear to god as well.
I am at reasonable level peace as I am progressing towards and striving for full PEACE.This why I say to people that I donot have competition with any one.I compete with myself to follow the path of almighty.
As per our own ancient teaching KARMA is PRADHAN.A GREAT KARMA is even GREATER than DHARMA.Our beloved god has said that if you donot know even ABC of life or spirituality JUST KEEP DOING YOUR KARMA and fullfill your OBLIGATIONS you will attain MOKSHA.Today I am trying to balance it.I am sorry I am away from the board a liitle bit but again I have a bit of obligation to complete my education and feed my family and look after my company affairs.So I am trying to be there.Alhough I apologise not to be here all the time but I will try my best to help you all and guide.By doing so actually I favour myself.Because you all bless.NO ACHIEVEMENT IS GREATER THAN BEING BLESSED BY YOU ALL.It is DIRECTKY PROPORTIONAL TO MY HAPPINESS.So I am here for you all.
I FOLLOW YOU ALL WHO FOLLOWS ME.I think god has created us all equall.Now it is our KARMA where we are in relation to ther people or things.So mere mortal like me why discriminate.So I am equally humble and respectful to you all and at least as reciprocal manner I follow you all.
I am truly humbled by your love and respect.But in line with my policy I appeal to you all that no need for saying SIR.You love is enough.If you will simply say me "Raj" I will still be there for you with equal zeal.Respect dil se hoti hai.I am much humbled and thankful to all again.
Now I am sory I am not with you due to prior commitment.Market is over heated.As I wrote earlier that prices have gone over the board it had jumped at least 200 to 600%.in some cases even 1000%.I do my analysis, I can say with full confidence that what has changed on ground NOTHING!!!
I am a faint hearted person, grew up from middleclass boing a window shopping.Today I am capable of shop inside if not all but almost all shop.By being IRRESPONSIBLE and doing ERRATIC behaviour or by being AN ADDICT OF A,B or C things I donot want to lose privlage which almighty have provided to me albeit coupled with my hard work.So I am slow and only investing in reasonable stock which has not rallied yet.Doing a trading on other if I feel confident backed by own research.All you need is A COUPLE OF GOOD STOCK and WHOLE BUNCH OF PATIENCE.Yahan logoon ke paas paisa hai but patience nahee so they lose.I cannot afford to lose so I stay at "P for Patience side"
While I was writing this P I could recall my principle of 7P`s just thought I will share again with you all.
I say RAJ is not there where following 7P`s are not:
P................Peace of Mind

Or look at companies like symphony   laopala  greenply  avanti feeds  ...Platinum Member
51 Followers
Stay away from mid cap and small cap. Bull run for these kind of loss making, bad management scrips are over. Tomorrow index may go up, few banks and IT shares forming part of index will lead the recovery. It would be choppy. Stay away from mid cap and small cap PLEASE!!!
10.29 PM Sep 16th

Astec will bounce back nicely today as dow is up and sgx is 58 pts up....Platinum Member
84 Followers
Astec will bounce back nicely today as Dow is up and SGX is 58 pts up.
I really think yeaterdays drop was the best chance to get the stock at a bargain price.
82 is coming sooner than later and than again consolidate before this month is out,.
1.46 AM Sep 17th  | Track

Morepen is pretty crap but you can`t say that about cera or sonata sof...Platinum Member
51 Followers
Stay away from mid cap and small cap. Bull run for these kind of loss making, bad management scrips are over. Tomorrow index may go up, few banks and IT shares forming part of index will lead the recovery. It would be choppy. Stay away from mid cap and small cap PLEASE!!!
10.29 PM Sep 16th

FIPB clears 21 FDI proposals worth around Rs 1 000 crE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Oil India decides to restructureE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Sensex: Over 400 stocks hit 52-week high on BSEAlembic Ltd
(Bucking the overall markets…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex plunged over 300 points in trade on Tuesday, but that didn't bother traders to cherry pick quality stocks at lower levels in the small and midcap space.
Bucking the overall markets trend, the real action was seen in small and midcap space wherein as much as 448 stocks managed to hit their fresh 52-week high on the Bombay Stock Exchange .
Stock which rose to their fresh 52-week high on the BSE include names like Alembic Ltd , JBF Industries, JK Tyre & Industries, Kalyani Forge Ltd, Mastek Ltd , etc.
The BSE Sensex finally closed 324.05 points lower or 1.21 per cent at 26,492.51. It hit a low of 26,464.03 and a high of 26861.29. Despite weak trend, four stocks managed to hit their 52-week high on Sensex which include names like Maruti Suzuki India Ltd , Dr Reddy's Laboratories, Cipla , and Bharti Airtel .
Analysts are not debating on the fact that Indian markets are in a multi-year bull market , but considering the fact we are trading near the higher end of the range, some bit of consolidations cannot be ruled out.
Selection of right kind of stocks can actually make base for higher returns in the foreseeable future, say analysts.
"Who invest in the market, they certainly look at the index for direction purpose but more importantly, you do not buy the index per se. What you buy is individual stocks," said Deven Choksey , MD, KR Choksey Securities.
"What I am trying to put across the point is that individual stocks during the course of the rally in the market, may face some amount of resistance, but these stocks should be bought into the portfolio," he added.
BSE Midcap index closed 3.4 per cent lower at 9659.31 but as much as 24 stocks hit their fresh 52-week high which include names like MRF, Natco Pharma, PVR, Supreme Industries, Emami, Finolex Industries, Eid Parry India Ltd etc.
BSE Small cap index closed 3.99 per cent lower at 10,796.31 but as much as 66 stocks rose to their fresh 52-week high which include names like Welspun India, Wyeth , V-Guard Industries, PC Jeweller, Relaxo Footwear, Raymond, Ricoh India Ltd, PTC India Financial Services etc.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bypoll results not a referendum: BJP |  Modi govt s honeymoon period is overBJP
(Party spokesperson Shahnawaz Hussain said BJP has…)
NEW DELHI: After suffering a jolt in Assembly bypolls in Uttar Pradesh, Rajasthan and Gujarat, BJP today put up a brave front, saying the results were not a referendum on the Central government as the elections were fought only on local issues.
The BJP, which lost 13 of the 23 Assembly seats held by it earlier, said the results would not have any fallout on either the central or state governments, but has given the party an opportunity to correct its shortcomings at local level to help it win the upcoming Assembly polls.
"These results are not a referendum on the Central government. They were fought totally on local level issues. The results have given us an opportunity to correct local level shortcomings and will definitely help us win the coming State Assembly elections," BJP Vice President Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi told reporters here.
Party spokesperson Shahnawaz Hussain said BJP has won at some places but lost on some as it was fought on local issues and where some parties had complete majority.
"These bypolls will have no effect on either Central or State governments," he said.
In Uttar Pradesh, he said with Bahujan Samaj Party not contesting, the anti-BJP votes was polarised and that helped the Samajwadi Party and Congress bag the seats.
He, however, said with the party winning one of the two seats in West Bengal was a good sign.
"The anti-BJP votes got polarised in the absence of BSP in UP. Our voters also got over confident. But the Lotus blooming in West Bengal is a good sign," he said.
Both BJP leaders claimed that the party will win the October 15 Assembly elections in Maharashtra and Haryana and form its government there.
The Uttar Pradesh unit of BJP also accepted their defeat in the bypolls for 11 Assembly constituencies and one Lok Sabha seat in the state and state unit president Laxmi Kant Bajpai said he took responsibility for the defeat and will review the reasons behind the defeat. "It has taught us a lesson for the Vidhan Sabha polls," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bansal fails to depose in railway bribery case  issued fresh summonsNew Delhi, September 16, 2014
Updated: September 16, 2014 22:54 IST
Railway bribery case
Bansal fails to depose in railway bribery case, issued fresh summons
IANS
Tweet
PTI Former Railway Minister Pawan Kumar Bansal, a prosecution witness in the railway bribery case, on Tuesday failed to appear in court due to “ill health”. File photo
A CBI court had summoned former Railway Minister Pawan Kumar Bansal to appear before it on Tuesday for recording his statement as a prosecution witness in the railway birbery case..
TOPICS
railway
Former Railway Minister Pawan Kumar Bansal, a prosecution witness in the railway bribery case, on Tuesday failed to appear in court due to “ill health”. The court directed him to appear before it on September 22, 2014 and warned that it will not entertain any exemption application that day.
Mr. Bansal’s counsel Puneet Ahluwalia told CBI special judge Swarna Kanta Sharma that the former Minister was suffering from viral fever and thus would be unable to depose as a witness.
Mr. Bansal was summoned by the court on August 25 for testifying as a CBI witness in the Rs.10 crore railway bribery case against his nephew Vijay Singla.
His counsel requested the court to grant him exemption on Tuesday and give him another date for deposing as a witness.
The court allowed the plea and directed Mr. Bansal to appear on September 22 positively and said it will not allow a plea for exemption on the next date.
The court on Monday began recording the statements of prosecution witnesses in the case against Mr. Singla and nine other accused.
The court in March had framed charges of criminal conspiracy under the Prevention of Corruption Act against all 10 accused.
The other accused in the “cash-for-post” case are suspended Railway Board member Mahesh Kumar, middlemen Sandeep Goyal, Samir Sandhir, Sushil Daga, Ajay Garg, Rahul Yadav, businessman Manjunath and his aides M.V. Murli Krishan and Venugopal.

The best childrens book about politics is finally back in printBy Alyssa Rosenberg September 16 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
At a time when so much media is just a search and click away, movies, music and books that have not made the transition to digital can feel infuriatingly elusive – especially if they are hard to track down in physical form as well. This phenomenon makes the publication today of a new edition of Jean Merrill’s “The Pushcart War”  by the New York Review Children’s Collection feel less like a simple book release and more like a successful rescue mission. Finally, parents can get their hands on new copies of the best book about politics ever written for children.
(Credit: New York Review Books)
First published in 1964, “The Pushcart War” is a fake history in the tradition of “ A Canticle for Liebowitz ,” which came out four years earlier. While “Canticle” ranged far into a post-apocalyptic future, “The Pushcart War” was set in a theoretical near future, and featured a more mundane conflict.
Merrill told the story of New York City pushcart peddlers who found themselves under physical threat from the increasingly-aggressive drivers of ever-larger trucks. To counter a propaganda campaign the truck companies waged against them, the peddlers decided to show the public who was really causing traffic jams and an escalating number of accidents by systematically sabotaging truck drivers’ tires.
What makes “The Pushcart War” so wonderful is not simply its inventive premise or its deftly-sketched cast of characters, including Maxie Hammerman, known as the Pushcart King for his work building carts, the corrupt Mayor Emmett P. Cudd, and activist movie star Wenda Gambling. These elements alone would have made the book a great deal of fun, but Merrill accomplishes something greater. She manages to put together a plot that introduces children to almost every element of a political controversy.
The initial attack on pushcart peddlers is the result of collusion between three trucking companies, eager to deflect attention away from the way they have changed city traffic. But the conflict between the two sides escalates when an ill-tempered driver named Mack deliberately hits a peddler named Morris the Florist. The incident is a perfect example both of how individuals can take political rhetoric to places the speakers did not intend and how individual actions can become catalysts for larger movements.
When the pushcart peddlers decide to start attacking truck tires, the city’s response is shaped by personal conflicts at the highest levels of government. Mayor Cudd has accepted stocks from the three major trucking companies, and is eager to champion their causes. But because he does not get along with his police commissioner, Mayor Cudd has difficulty enforcing the truckers’ agenda. When it becomes apparent that the pushcart peddlers are more popular than the truck drivers, the police commissioner has a wonderful opportunity to outflank his boss politically.
The “Pushcart War” is hardly confined to government, and Merrill is both shrewd and funny in showing readers how the campaign plays out in the media.
A professor named Lyman Cumberly develops an academic theory about traffic congestion. Wenda Gambling lends star power to the pushcart peddlers’ campaign, and later stars in a movie about the conflict that changes events to meet Hollywood convention. The trucking companies secretly publish a newspaper that casts blame for traffic on the peddlers, and when a mainstream paper publishes a photo of the aftermath of the attack on Morris the Florist, it becomes a sensation. After a peddler named Frank the Flower is arrested for sabotaging tires, he claims responsibility for all of the attacks and becomes a folk hero, inspiring slang terms, a style of women’s hat and even a hit pop song.
In “The Pushcart War,” Merrill gives readers a portrait of politics that ranges far beyond conventional partisan bickering and far afield from airless legislative and executive chambers. Most of all, this lively, lovely novel is an argument for staying hopeful about the possibility of bringing about change, even when you are going up against entrenched and powerful interests.
“That is what we fought the war for,” Maxie Hammerman tells the anonymous narrator of the novel at the end of “The Pushcart War,” “so that there should always be a few pushcarts in the city of New York.” The chance to hold a copy of “The Pushcart War” again is proof that the fight to keep very good books alive for a new generation of readers is not a futile battle, either.
 

New photos show Uzbekistans jailed princess allegedly being harassed by guardsBy Rick Noack September 16 Follow @rick_n
New photos that are believed to have been smuggled out of Uzbekistan appear to show Gulnara Karimova, the daughter of the country's president, who has reportedly been under house arrest since March, according to London-based spokesman Ryan Locksley. After the BBC released alleged secret recordings of Karimova that were sent abroad via USB stick about three weeks ago, Karimova's treatment by Uzbek authorities has deteriorated, according to Locksley, who says he was hired by Karimova's friends and some members of her family.
Talking to The Washington Post, Locksley said that the photos of Karimova were taken recently and show the permanent guard surrounding her house 24 hours a day. Confrontations between Karimova and her guards, like the one shown on the photos, "occur all the time whenever she tries to go out the door, to get some air or to see if people are around and particularly when she is requesting extra food," Locksley, who said he was aware of her situation but has never been in direct contact with Karimova, told The Post on Tuesday.
(Source: Ryan Locksley)
(Source: Ryan Locksley)
(Source: Ryan Locksley)
In the secret recordings released by the BBC, a woman believed to be Karimova says: "I'm not talking about myself now. We need medical help." She indicates that there are no answers "from no one why we're kept in the house," and she seems particularly worried about her 16-year-old daughter, Iman, who suffers from a heart condition and is under house arrest  with Gulnara Karimova.
On Sept. 8, the prosecutor-general of Uzbekistan announced that a case has been opened on Karimova and that she was suspected of having been part of an organized criminal group. In a response to this announcement, Locksley said Tuesday that Karimova was "held for purely political reasons", given that the presidential election campaign in Uzbekistan has just started. According to the London-based Economist , Uzbekistan's President Islam Karimov considered his daughter a threat to his own popularity. “As Gulnara has repeatedly stated, she is completely innocent of the charges against her," Locksley said. "She is willing to travel to any court where the rule of law is upheld so she can clear her name."
An archive picture of Gulnora Karimova, the so-called Uzbek princess. (Sergei Teterin)
Two weeks ago, WorldViews detailed the complicated story of Karimova's rise and sudden fall. According to a confidential U.S. diplomatic cable from 2008 published by Wikileaks, Karimova used to be a favorite of her father and was often simply referred to as the "Uzbek princess." Another  file  from 2010 specifies that by then, Karimova was believed to own the largest conglomerate of Uzbekistan, which she used "in support of [her] private business interests."
After the suspicious conglomerate was abruptly shut down in 2010, Karimova moved on to become ambassador to Spain and the Uzbek representative to the United Nations in Geneva.
At the same time, she successfully worked on an alternative career as a singer. John Colombo, who produced one of her music videos, told the BBC  that, back then, Karimova "owned the country. She was everywhere." As her alter-ego GooGoosha, she dominated Uzbek radio stations and, according to Colombo, "people seemed to love her." Meanwhile, she ignored the human rights violations of her father. Andrew Stroehlein from Human Rights Watch told the BBC that Karimova "almost certainly had top-level regime access to critical information regarding serious and systematic rights abuses in Uzbekistan."
In 2013, she was overwhelmed  by a major corruption scandal in Sweden, in which journalists made public that Telecommunications giant TeliaSonera had allegedly bribed Uzbek officials to enter the country's mobile phone market. Despite denials  from TeliaSonera, the path of the money was traced back by prosecutors to Karimova — a scandal in which she seems to have lost the loyalty and support of her dictatorial father.
Rick Noack writes about foreign affairs. He is an Arthur F. Burns Fellow at The Washington Post.

Corinthian Colleges Sued for Predatory LendingAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

Its still about the economyComments
By Ed Rogers September 16 Follow @EdRogersDC
During President Obama’s televised weekly address on Saturday, he doubled down on the rhetoric from his speech on the Islamic State last week. The post-speech analysis is in, and the general reaction from much of the commentariat is that the president essentially announced that his big plan to “degrade and destroy” the Islamic State is to do more of the same. Well, given this administration’s history and bias toward self-congratulatory pronouncements, I suspect voters will be told that things couldn’t be going any better in fighting what Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel called a threat to “our homeland.” In the coming weeks, I suspect we will see more half-hearted attempts to cobble together a cosmetic coalition and muddle through. However, from the initial reports of Secretary of State John Kerry’s efforts in Paris , it looks more and more like we will end up with a coalition of the pretending, not necessarily a coalition of the willing.
Anyway, national security issues are important and today, our national security demands attention. It would be irresponsible for Republicans to ignore the growing global chaos and the real threats our country faces. But everything in modern campaign history teaches us that the election in November will still mostly be about the economy. So it’s little wonder that the growing number of signs pointing to Republicans regaining control of the Senate have coincided with recent polls showing an increase in voters’ disapproval of how the Democrats are handling economic issues.
In the latest Politico poll, 57 percent of Americans said they “disapprove of his [President Obama’s] economic leadership.” The Democrats know this, so perhaps to some of the Democratic leadership, the international crises represent something of a mixed blessing. Ordinarily, Americans would rally to — or at least defer to — the president during times of international strife. Obama’s problem is that he is seen as part of the problem, not the solution to America’s waning influence and the growing threats that follow. Meanwhile, although the president engages in happy talk on the economy, the Democrats’ disconnect on this issue infuriates voters.
For instance, the same Politico poll also showed that, “by every measure in the survey, a gloomy mood still pervades the electorate when it comes to kitchen-table issues: Just 23 percent say their personal financial situation has improved over the past year, versus 30 percent who say it has gotten worse.” The poll is focused on likely voters in 2014 battleground states, so these results reveal a lot about the mood of our country. With 77 percent saying they are worse off or at least no better off than they were last year, Obama’s attempts to take credit for an economic recovery only confirms how detached from reality he and Democrats on the ballot in November have become.
The bottom line is that voters vote with their pocketbooks. This has been and will remain true. No matter what is happening around the world — short of a direct attack against the United States — the weak economy, anemic job growth and high cost and economic disruption caused by Obamacare must reign at the top of the GOP election agenda.
 
Follow Ed on Twitter:  @EdRogersDC
 
Ed Rogers is a contributor to the PostPartisan blog, a political consultant and a veteran of the White House and several national campaigns. He is the chairman of the lobbying and communications firm BGR Group, which he founded with former Mississippi Gov. Haley Barbour in 1991.

This fall  ghosts show up to haunt the multiplexBy Alyssa Rosenberg September 16 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
When you go to a film festival, cramming down four movies a day can make it easier to spot patterns than it is when you watch at a more leisurely pace. I will be reporting on some of the trends from the Toronto International Film Festival over the next week or so, starting with the most unexpected: a fifth of the films I saw in Toronto featured some sort of apparition, often manifested by characters dealing with extreme stresses in their lives. It is a slightly hokey filmmaking technique, used to varying effect.
Reese Witherspoon as Cheryl Strayed in “Wild.” (Fox Searchlight)
Both good and bad mothers come back to haunt daughters who are trying to inhabit their legacies.
“Maps to the Stars” follows aging movie star Havana Segrand (Julianne Moore, in an unhinged performance) as she tries to win a part in a remake of her late (and abusive) mother Clarice’s (Sarah Gadon) most famous film.
Havana’s pursuit of the role her mother once inhabited initially seems charming. “That would be so amazing for you to play your own mother,” Carrie Fisher (playing herself) tells Havana when they run into each other. “Every woman should have that opportunity.” But it spirals into a loony obsession, with Havana pitching herself in the middle of a threesome and celebrating when a tragic accident makes her a frontrunner for the part.
What those around her cannot know is that Havana is having visions of Clarice. For Havana, winning the role is a chance to displace her mother both in her memory and in the public eye. She hopes she can literally rewrite movie history.
Unlike Havana, Cheryl (Reese Witherspoon), the main character in “Wild,” is desperately trying to keep her mother’s (Laura Dern) memory alive.
In this adaptation of Cheryl Strayed’s memoir of the same name, which chronicles the author’s walk along the Pacific Crest Trail, Cheryl is devastated when her mother is diagnosed with and quickly succumbs to cancer. After scattering most of the older woman’s ashes, Cheryl eats some of them and begins to see fleeting appearances of her mother during an adulterous liaison in an alley and at a moment of grief on the trail. As ghostly manifestations go, Cheryl’s mother is relatively quiet: a look from her is enough for Cheryl to know if she is living up to or failing to meet her mother’s high standards.
Journalist Maziar Bahari (Gael García Bernal) gets more active help from his apparitions in “Rosewater,” Jon Stewart’s biographical movie about Bahari’s arrest in the wake of the 2009 Iranian elections. Bahari’s incarceration was prompted by his participation in a “Daily Show” spot. During his tenure in prison, which occupies much of the movie, we see Bahari seeking encouragement and solace from manifestations of his dissident and deceased father and sister. The device is meant to brighten up Bahari’s spare cell, and while it does that, the ghosts’ advice does not suggest that there are significant revelations about courage to be mined from the Great Beyond.
We get a spunkier ghost in “Cake,” in the form of Nina (Anna Kendrick), a chronic pain sufferer whose dramatic suicide deeply affects Claire (Jennifer Aniston), a member of Nina’s former support group. As Claire contemplates rebuilding her life, which was shattered along with her body in a terrible accident, Nina keeps appearing to needle her, displaying some of the crotchety, acid humor that Claire herself often uses to protect herself.
“Why don’t you just do it?” Nina demands of Claire, suggesting she commit suicide, too. “Don’t be such a coward.” But the ghost eventually softens to the living woman. If Maziar Bahari’s family members tell him what he wants to hear during his imprisonment, Nina ends up giving Claire what she did not know she needed: ideas that help Claire reach out to Nina’s grieving husband and son.
All of these ghosts have more energy and power than the one who shows up periodically in “Black and White,” Mike Binder’s truly terrible movie about a custody fight between the Caucasian and African-American grandparents of a biracial little girl.
Kevin Costner plays Elliot Anderson, a mild alcoholic lawyer whose wife (Jennifer Ehle) is killed by a drunk driver in the movie’s opening scene. Thereafter, she appears to him in moments of distress, always silent, always with the same beatific smile. The ghost is part of a more general tendency in “Black and White” to affirm everything Elliot does while confirming his every stereotypical assumption about the other branch of his granddaughter’s family.
All of these fictional encounters between the living and the dead pale before a factual one, though. In “The Look of Silence” released as a follow-up to Joshua Oppenheimer’s documentary about the Indonesian genocide of 1965, Adi, a young Indonesian man, seeks out the men who killed his older brother Ramli in the spasm of violence that was ostensibly aimed at Communists.
I have some ethical qualms about “The Look of Silence,” which seems to expose Adi and his family to retribution from members of Indonesia’s dictatorship who still hold power, and spends a gratuitous amount of time photographing Adi’s disabled father in scenes that have no connection to the narrative. But there is no denying the power of Adi’s confrontations with the people who executed his brother. It is shocking to watch one family make a desperate bid to smooth over this scar in their shared history, asking that Adi treat them as his relatives (and by implication, not to hold onto a vendetta against them).
There will be plenty of ghosts on screen this fall and next spring. “The Look of Silence” cautions us and other filmmakers that sometimes the living can haunt the living even more effectively than the dead.
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

2013 draft class takes another hitBy Mike Jones September 16 Follow @mikejoneswapo
Since rookie minicamp in 2013, David Amerson, left, has developed into a starter. Safety Baccari Rambo was waived today. (John McDonnell/The Washington Post)
Following the 2013 draft , Mike Shanahan gushed over all the hidden gems that the Washington Redskins had found. But today, not even 18 months later, only two remain on the 53-man roster.
When Bacarri Rambo got his walking papers on Tuesday, he became the fifth member of Washington’s seven-man 2013 draft class to get cut.
The Redskins in January cut seventh-round running back Jawan Jamison after a season on the practice squad.
Early in training camp, the team cut fifth-round linebacker Brandon Jenkins . Coaches said when he was drafted that, had it not been for season-ending injury his senior year at Florida State, Jenkins would have had a first- or second-round grade.
An all-American in college, Rambo, a sixth-rounder, impressed coaches with his smarts in the classroom, but he couldn’t translate any of it on to the field. He struggled mightily with tackling. This season, he surrendered a 76-yard touchdown and a 63-yard touchdown.
Oft-injured safety Phillip Thomas , a fourth-rounder, didn’t survive this August’s roster cuts. He missed all of his rookie season with a foot injury that required surgery to repair, and hamstring and foot injuries sidelined him for much of this year’s training camp. Thomas signed to Washington’s practice squad , but the team added Duke Ihenacho and Akeem Davis to the 53-man roster to fill holes at safety, instead of promoting Thomas.
Another fifth-rounder, running back Chris Thompson , couldn’t stay healthy during his rookie season or this past preseason, and got cut before signing to the practice squad. Undrafted rookie Silas Redd beat him out for a roster spot and on Sunday rushed for 41 yards and a touchdown.
Only second-round pick David Amerson and third-round pick Jordan Reed remain on the roster.
Amerson appears on pace to live up to expectations. After serving as the third cornerback as a rookie, he is now one of the starters and had a strong game both on Sunday, and in Week 1.
Reed boasts great potential, and much Washington’s offense is designed around him. But he appeared in only seven games as a rookie and didn’t make it through the first quarter of the season opener before pulling a hamstring. Reed missed Sunday’s game and is doubtful for this week’s contest in Philadelphia. The hamstring injury marked the ninth different injury that Reed has suffered in his 17 months with the team.
The book is not closed on Reed, and coach Jay Gruden said that Thompson and Thomas have a chance to work their way onto the 53-man roster later this season. But thus far, the returns on the 2013 draft class are rather meager.
Have a Redskins question? Send an e-mail to mike.jones@washpost.com with the subject line “Mailbag question,” and it might be answered on Tuesday in  The Mailbag .
More from The Post:

This is what U.S. troops will face in Ebola-ravaged LiberiaBy Sarah Larimer September 16 Follow @slarimer
President Obama has announced that thousands of U.S. troops will head to West Africa to lead the fight against Ebola, in addition to the $175 million already spent. But what is the rest of the world doing? Here are some of the publicly announced plans from other nations. (Adam Taylor and Tom LeGro/The Washington Post)
Thousands of U.S. military personnel will be dispatched to West Africa to help in the rapidly escalating global response to the Ebola epidemic  — a massive health crisis that the World Health Organization's assistant director general said Tuesday was " unparalleled in modern times ."
The U.S. plans, which trickled out overnight , were formally announced by President Obama at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta on Tuesday afternoon.
Here are some of the details — including what awaits the troops in Liberia.
The U.S. deployment
• The operation could cost as much as $750 million over the next six months.
• It might involve as many as 3,000 members of the military.
• The effort is called Operation United Assistance and will include the establishment of a U.S. military command center in Liberia to support civilian efforts. The command will be headed by Army Maj. Gen. Darryl A. Williams , who arrived in Liberia on Tuesday. Williams was already commanding U.S. Army forces in Africa.
• The military command will be in Monrovia, the capital of Liberia and home to West Point, a slum by the sea, which was the site of clashes between police and residents after an Ebola quarantine last month .
• In announcing the operation at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , Obama spoke of a "hard truth," saying: "In West Africa, Ebola is now an epidemic, of the likes that we have not seen before. It's spiraling out of control. It is getting worse."
• "We have to act fast; we can't dawdle on this one," Obama said. "We have to move with force and make sure we are catching this as best we can."
• "This is a daunting task," the president said. But it's critical, he said, calling the Ebola epidemic "a potential threat to global security if these countries break down, if their economies break down, if people panic."
President Obama announced Tuesday that the U.S. will lead efforts to combat the Ebola outbreak in West Africa, pledging to dispatch 3,000 military personnel to the region. (WhiteHouse.gov)
The bleak situation in Liberia
• The impoverished country is taking the worst of it during the deadliest Ebola outbreak in history: The WHO said Tuesday that more than half of the Ebola deaths (1,296 of 2,461) recorded through Sept. 13 were in Liberia.
• Those infected with the virus are often left to take care of themselves, as local clinics are overflowing with patients and medical teams are overwhelmed by the dead and dying.
"They sent us here for a checkup," one woman's boyfriend told The Post's Lenny Bernstein outside a facility run by Doctors Without Borders . "Now they are telling us to wait for three days."
• "The scenes that we're witnessing in West Africa today are absolutely gut-wrenching," Obama said Tuesday. "...These men and women and children are just sitting, waiting to die, right now. And it doesn't have to be this way."
• The World Health Organizations says it will take almost $1 billion to to keep Ebola infections "within the tens of thousands."
"Quite frankly, ladies and gentlemen, this health crisis we're facing is unparalleled in modern times," WHO Assistant Director General Bruce Aylward said Tuesday , according to reports. "We don't know where the numbers are going on this."
Addressing the Ebola outbreak in West Africa, the World Health Organization’s director general didn't mince words, saying, "Quite frankly, ladies and gentlemen, this health crisis we face is unparalleled in modern times." (Reuters)
• The deadly virus has left orphans separated from frightened family members, and caretakers traveling across Monrovia  seeking treatment for sick friends and family .
"We are overstretched physically, and we have people dying at our doorsteps every day," Brice de le Vinge,operations director for Doctors Without Borders, told The Post earlier this month.
• Residents have been gathering at churches in the area, even as schools have closed and sporting events have been canceled. Post reporter Bernstein was at the scene of one such gathering earlier this month :
"Other people are sick and in hospitals!” one woman shouted.
"Yes!" the nine or so other congregants, including a couple of small children, responded.
"We are glad to be alive!"
"Yes!"
"God, we thank you for keeping us alive! God, you are great. Amongst all other gods, you are great, oh Lord!"
• Liberian Finance Minister Amara Konneh said last week : "We are at war with an enemy that we don't see."
• The country's defense minister painted an even bleaker picture of the situation, delivering a harrowing warning to the U.N. Security Council. "Liberia is facing a serious threat to its national existence," Brownie Samukai said . "The deadly Ebola virus has caused a disruption of the normal functioning of our state." Ebola, he added, "is now spreading like wildfire, devouring everything in its path. The already weak health infrastructure of the country has been overwhelmed."
How it looks in Liberia
People rush to line up at the Ministry of Health and Social Welfare seeking work from the anticipated Ebola-related jobs that will be coming to Liberia on Tuesday in Monrovia. (Michel du Cille/The Washington Post)
A woman waits in one of two Liberian Ministry of Health ambulances parked outside an old hospital converted to an intake center for Ebola patients. (Michel du Cille/The Washington Post)
Residents of New Kru Town, a poor neighborhood in Monrovia, maneuver around a large puddle of water from early morning rain Sunday. (Michel du Cille/The Washington Post)
Jatu Zombo checks out her son Foday Zombo, 5, who became ill days ago, outside the JFK treatment facility Saturday in Monrovia. (Michel du Cille/The Washington Post)
[This post has been updated.]
RELATED:

Scotland s  Yes  campaign winning Facebook b...Scotland's 'Yes' campaign winning Facebook battle
By AFP | 17 Sep, 2014, 01.12AM IST
Debate has also been hotting up on Twitter in recent days, with a number of celebrities sharing their opinions.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LONDON: Scotland's "Yes" campaign appears to have the edge online, figures released by Facebook on Tuesday showed, even though it is still trailing slightly in the polls despite a late surge.
Facebook users have totted up about 10 million "interactions" relating to Thursday's historic vote over a five-week period, the social networking site said.
The data, which includes comments, posts, likes and shares from August 1 to September 8, indicates a narrow lead for the "Yes" campaign in terms of volume of activity.
There were more than 2.05 million interactions among users in Scotland relating to the pro-independence campaign, compared with 1.96 million related to the pro-union camp, Facebook said.
The remaining activity did not indicate a particular opinion. Facebook also said the "Yes" campaign garnered 258,000 likes, growing by 27 per cent over the five-week period while the "No" campaign grew by 17 per cent to 182,000.
Offline opinion polls have put the outcome on a knife-edge. Facebook said it will also launch a button on Thursday to allow voters in Scotland to indicate when they have voted.
The "I'm A Voter" button, which has been used in elections in the United States and India will not, however, reveal whether a "Yes" or "No" ballot was cast.
"Studies show that when people see their Facebook friends talking about voting, they are more likely to vote themselves," said Elizabeth Linder, Facebook's politics and government specialist for Europe, the Middle East and Africa.
Facebook's research showed that interactions relating to First Minister pro-independence Alex Salmond have totalled 700,000, compared with 250,000 relating to Alistair Darling, a former finance minister who leads the "Better Together" campaign.
Debate has also been hotting up on Twitter in recent days, with a number of celebrities sharing their opinions.
Former England football captain David Beckham added his voice to the pro-union campaign, taking to the site to tell Scots: "We want to let you know how very much we value our relationship and friendship."
Social media sites have also seen the uglier side of the two campaigns. Former Scotland rugby union captain David Sole said Tuesday he was subjected to abuse after he publicly backed the "No" campaign on Twitter along with former teammates involved in the country's 1990 Grand Slam victory over England.
"I feel that the campaign over the last three or four weeks has become increasingly aggressive, unpleasant, antagonistic and anti-English," Sole told the Daily Telegraph newspaper.

Russian Billionaire Placed Under House ArrestAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

Court tells Bansal to appear as witness on September22Print
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 17, 2014 2:23 am
Former railway minister Pawan Kumar Bansal, who was summoned Tuesday as a witness in the alleged Rs 10-crore cash-for-post railway bribery case, sought exemption from personal appearance on health grounds before a special court.
The counsel for Bansal moved an application before Special CBI Judge Swarana Kanta Sharma saying that the Congress leader is suffering from viral fever and would appear before the court on the next date.
The CBI court had earlier sent the summons to Bansal to appear before it on Tuesday for recording his statement as a prosecution witness. The court has now asked the former railway minister to appear before it on September 22.

Defamation case: Sabir Ali seeks written apology fromNaqviPrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 17, 2014 2:22 am
Former JD(U) leader Sabir Ali on Tuesday sought before a Delhi court a written apology from BJP vice-president Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi in connection with a criminal defamation complaint filed against the BJP leader for allegedly linking Sabir with arrested Indian Mujahideen co-founder Yasin Bhatkal.
The former JD(U) leader sought a personal apology when Metropolitan Magistrate Akash Jain asked the leader if he still wants to proceed with his complaint against Naqvi.
The court asked Ali if there was any possibility of compromise in the matter. The lawyers appearing for both parties urged the court that they be given some time to discuss the issue of settling the case, if possible.
The court has fixed the matter for hearing on November 15.
The court had earlier summoned Naqvi as an accused, saying there was ‘prima facie’ evidence to proceed against him.

Rathee quits as Hooda principal adviser  may contest on CongticketPrint
Express News Service | Chandigarh | Posted: September 17, 2014 2:21 am
Haryana’s senior IPS officer P V Rathee on Tuesday resigned as Principal Adviser (Home and CID) to Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda.
A late evening press release from the government read, “The Haryana government has accepted the resignation tendered by P V Rathee, Principal Adviser to Chief Minister, Haryana (in Home Department including CID) with immediate effect.”
Rathee tendered his resignation to Haryana Home Secretary Roshan Lal. Confirming the development, Lal, said, “Yes, he has resigned.”
A confidant of Hooda and Haryana’s former intelligence chief, Rathee was retained after his retirement by the Chief Minister as adviser for the Home and Intelligence Departments.
There is a possibility that Rathee may contest the Assembly polls on a Congress ticket. His name had cropped up as a contender for a party ticket during the Lok Sabha polls as well. The exact reasons for Rathee’s resignations were not known.
A complaint against him submitted to the Election Commission is being considered as the immediate provocation behind the sudden move. The INLD had on Monday complained to the Election Commission against Rathee and some other top bureaucrats in the Haryana government seeking their removal from the posts.
The party alleged that certain officers including Rathee were using their official positions to campaign for the ruling Congress in the run-up to the Assembly polls.

Have right to formulate new policy: Kerala toHCPrint
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvanthapuram | Posted: September 17, 2014 2:19 am
The Kerala government Tuesday submitted an affidavit before a single bench of the High Court, justifying its right to formulate a new liquor policy which envisages closure of all bars in the non-five-star categories.
The state government was directed to furnish this affadavit by the Supreme Court, which was hearing a bunch of petitions from Kerala bar owners. The HC was directed to hear all pleas pertaining to liquor licenses of hotel owners.
Last week, the SC had stayed the closure of all bars in the non-five-star category until September 30.
The affidavit says the government has the right to frame its liquor policy and that the new one was aimed at bringing down alcohol consumption in a phased manner. It also says that the government has the right to revoke the liquor licenses issued to bar owners, provided that they had been served mandatory notice. It says the government has the right to either monopolize the liquor business or go for complete prohibition.

L-G Jung reviews green building norms under masterplan-2021Print
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 17, 2014 2:17 am
Lt-Governor Najeeb Jung on Tuesday reviewed the operationalisation of incentives for ‘green’ buildings, followed by a presentation by TERI (The Energy and Resource Institute) on policies adopted by other states and local bodies. The proposal are related to providing incentives with respect to enhanced FAR (floor area ratio), ground coverage and property tax rebate, among others.
Development agencies have been asked to include underground water storage tanks and roof-top water harvesting system in their layout plans, under the draft regulations for “green” buildings proposed in Master Plan of Delhi-2021.
Also all hospitals, commercial projects, industrial buildings, hotels, restaurants and auto workshops will have to make arrangements for primary effluent treatment within the plot. “The L-G has directed the Delhi Development Authority to finalise the draft regulations for approval by the Central government,” an official said.
According to the draft regulations, developmental agencies also have to make arrangements for recycling of treated waste water with separate lines for potable water and recycled water and recharge groundwater through rain water harvesting.

HC orders civic body to probe fraud licence toeateryPrint
Written by Aneesha Mathur | New Delhi | Posted: September 17, 2014 2:15 am
Observing that an attempt seemed to have been made to “mislead the court” by “producing an incomplete file”, the Delhi High Court has directed the North Municipal Corporation Commissioner to conduct an investigation into a “fraudulent” health licence allegedly issued to a food joint in the capital.
The court has given the civic body a week to conduct the probe.
“Get your house in order. These officers don’t have respect for the court or anyone else,” Justice Manmohan observed after a license to operate a pizza joint was found to have been issued by a civic official, even though the corporation had sealed the premises claiming that the operator did not have a licence.
“Your senior officials are exercising no supervision over the subordinate staff… Documents are missing from the files, remove the culprit,” the court said, while observing that the corporation seemed to have “indulged in corruption”.
The directions were issued on a plea filed by a Pizza Hut outlet in Prashant Vihar, which was sealed by the North corporation earlier this month for allegedly operating without proper licence. In their plea before the court of Justice Manmohan, the owners of the outlet claimed that the health trade licence was issued by the civic body in 2005, and was renewed by the Deputy Health Officer in 2012, allowing the outlet to operate till March 2015.
During the hearing, however, the counsel for the corporation, Advocate Ajay Arora, claimed that no such renewal had been done, and the sealing order was issued because the licence had expired in March 2014.
“It seems that there may have been some collusion with the concerned officer,” Arora said, when asked to explain why the document was missing from the official file.
The court then summoned a North corporation official to verify the files and found that the renewed licence, a copy of which was submitted by the outlet owners, was not available in the corporation files. The signature on the licence was, however, verified by an “authorised official” present there.
“Do an inquiry and take action against the official who has sanctioned this. Who is this officer who issued the licence?” the judge said and warned that the court would order a police or vigilance inquiry into the issue.
“Commissioner, North Municipal Corporation, is to inquire why health trade licence was not in the file. The Commissioner is also to take action against any official who is found to have issued the erroneous licence. The action be taken within 10 days,” the court directed.
The court also issued a stay on the sealing order of the civic body, allowing the outlet to operate till the issue was resolved.

Jaya DA case: Verdict postponed to Sept27Print
Express News Service | Bangalore | Posted: September 17, 2014 2:14 am
A special court in Karnataka, which conducted the trial into a Rs 66.65 crore disproportionate assets case against Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa, has postponed its verdict by a week to facilitate security arrangements for the CM’s presence in court. The special court which had originally fixed September 20 as the date to pronounce its judgment in the nearly 20-year-old case, has now scheduled its verdict for September 27.
Special Judge John Michael Cunha postponed the date of pronouncing its judgment following a plea by the CM about the inadequate security at the Bangalore City Civil and Sessions Court premises. Bangalore police commissioner also wrote a letter suggesting that it would be difficult to make security arrangements at the premises for the CM’s appearance for the verdict.
Based on the letters by police authorities and the application filed on behalf of Jayalalithaa, the court has now decided to deliver its judgment at a court room located near the Parappana Agrahara Central Prison on the outskirts of Bangalore. During the trial, Jayalalithaa had appeared in the special court room near the central prison for her examination.
Jayalalithaa and three associates — her former close friend V K Sasikala, Sasikala’s nephew V N Sudhakaran and sister-in-law J Illavarasi — have been accused of acquiring Rs 66.65 crore worth of assets by corrupt means between 1991-96 during Jayalalithaa’s first tenure as CM.
The case has been crippled by delay on various counts including changes of the special public prosecutor appointed to carry out the trial. The original HC-appointed SPP, B V Acharya, quit in August 2012 after accusing the then BJP government in Karnataka of seeking his ouster to further political ties with Jayalalithaa’s AIADMK party. Second public prosecutor appointed in the case, Bhawani Singh, was threatened with a fine of Rs 60,000 per day by the special court last year for seeking frequent adjournments and delaying the trial.

Woman  5-month-old daughter found hanging in their South DelhihomePrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 17, 2014 2:10 am
A 23-year-old woman and her five-month-old daughter were found dead at their residence in Southwest Delhi’s Bharat Vihar area on Monday night.
Police said no suicide note was recovered from the spot and the husband has been detained for questioning.
According to police, the woman, Rajni, and her daughter, Trisha, were found hanging in the bedroom. Rajni’s husband, Rinku, was not in the house at the time of the incident.
Police said the deaths were reported after Rajni did not respond to her in-laws who were calling her for dinner. “Her in-laws went to Rajni’s room to check if everything was alright and saw the bodies of the mother and the daughter hanging from the ceiling fan. The in-laws informed police and rushed them to hospital. The two were declared brought dead,” a police officer said.
Rajni’s in-laws told police that they saw her last at 3 pm on Monday, when she had come out to fill water. She then went back to her room saying that she was unwell and locked the door, police said.
“The in-laws said she did not come out till late evening. She did not even respond when they tried to call her for dinner,” the officer said.
Since Rajni and Rinku married last year, a Sub-Divisional Magistrate (SDM) probe has been ordered into the incident.
Police said neighbours and the woman’s family members told them that Rajni was not happy in the marriage and used to have fights with her husband on a daily basis.
“We have initiated an inquiry into the matter and have also sent the bodies for a post-mortem examination. The husband and the in-laws will be questioned,” the police officer said.

UN: Nearly $1 billion needed now to stop EbolaREAD MORE ON » UN | Ebola
That's 10 times what the organization estimated the outbreak would cost at the beginning of August.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
GENEVA: The number of Ebola cases could start doubling every three weeks in West Africa, the World Health Organization said Tuesday, warning that the outbreak will cost nearly $1 billion to contain so it does not turn into a "human catastrophe."
Even as President Barack Obama is ordering the deployment of 3,000 U.S. military personnel to help provide aid in the region, Doctors Without Borders said the global response to Ebola has been far short of what is needed.
"The response to Ebola continues to fall dangerously behind," Dr. Joanne Liu, president of the medical charity, told a U.N. special briefing on Ebola in Geneva. "The window of opportunity to contain this outbreak is closing. We need more countries to stand up, we need greater deployment, and we need it now."
Dr. Bruce Aylward, WHO's assistant director-general, said Tuesday that "this health crisis we face is unparalleled in modern times."
The numbers are staggering: At least 2,400 deaths have been blamed on the outbreak, which has touched Liberia, Sierra Leone, Guinea, Nigeria and Senegal since it was first recognized in March.
Half of the nearly 5,000 cases occurred in the last three weeks, and officials said Tuesday that it was not unthinkable that 20,000 could become infected before the outbreak is over.
Hundreds more international health workers will likely be required. Some 3.3 million hazard suits will be needed in the next six months to protect those caretakers from the virus, which is spread by contact with bodily fluids such as blood, urine or diarrhea. Some $23.8 million alone will pay burial teams and buy body bags, since the bodies of Ebola victims are highly infectious.
In a report released Tuesday, WHO said all of this and more will cost $987.8 million. That's 10 times what the organization estimated the outbreak would cost at the beginning of August.
"We risk a humanitarian catastrophe if we do not see rapid action to scale up, not just the Ebola response but also the provision of essential services and the support platform to put that in place," Aylward said.
Recent weeks have seen a flurry of promises of aid.
In addition to the U.S. forces, the U.N. health agency said China has promised to send a 59-person mobile laboratory team to Sierra Leone that includes lab experts, epidemiologists, doctors and nurses. Britain is planning to build and operate an Ebola clinic in Sierra Leone, and Cuba has promised to send the country more than 160 health workers.
"The question is translating these commitments into quick action on the ground," said Dr. Unni Krishnan, head of disaster preparedness and response for the aid group Plan International.
Still, hospitals and clinics in West Africa are now turning the sick away because they don't have enough space to treat everyone - a sure-fire way to increase the spread of the disease, which in this outbreak is killing about half of those it infects.
The United States, in particular, drew criticism last week when it promised to set up a 25-bed field hospital in Liberia to serve health care workers, both local and foreign, who become infected. Many thought the contribution was paltry, given that experts were saying Liberia needed at least 500 more treatment beds.
In addition to the troop deployment, the heightened U.S. role in West Africa will include erecting new treatment and isolation facilities, training health care workers and boosting communications and transportation support, U.S. officials said in Washington.

Wall Street ends up as views shift on Fed s next moveStocks end higher on bet Fed won't change rate stance
By Reuters | 17 Sep, 2014, 02.22AM IST
0
Share More
With the S&P 500 notching its best performance in a month after a news report shifted investor expectations for the Fed's policy statement Wednesday.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: Stock markets around the world rose on Tuesday, ending near session highs as investors bet that the US Federal Reserve wouldn't adjust its guidance about how soon it would raise interest rates.
The Fed began its two-day policy meeting on Tuesday, and the central bank has said it wouldn't raise rates for a "considerable time." Many investors interpreted that as mid-2015, though recent economic data has fueled speculation that the first hike could come sooner. Those concerns seemed to fade on Tuesday, with market participants seeing no change in Fed policy or commentary.
"The rumor is (the Fed) won't change the 'considerable time' language," said Quincy Krosby, market strategist at Prudential Financial in Newark, New Jersey, referring to the Fed's previously stated timeline of when it will raise rates.
"Overall the language that's there now has been positive for the (stock) market," and the rumor "seems to be what shifted the markets' direction today."
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 100.83 points, or 0.59 per cent, to 17,131.97, the S&P 500 gained 14.85 points, or 0.75 per cent, to 1,998.98 and the Nasdaq Composite added 33.86 points, or 0.75 per cent, to 4,552.76. The benchmark 10-year Treasury note was flat in price to yield 2.5906 per cent.
The gain on Wall Street lifted the MSCI world equity index 0.4 per cent, while European shares were down 0.2 per cent, having closed before Wall Street turned higher in midday trading. Europe was pressured ahead of a referendum on independence in Scotland, which kept investors on edge with polls suggesting the vote remains too close to call.
Asian shares slipped, with MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan shedding 0.7 per cent to its lowest since late June, while Japan's Nikkei snapped a five-session winning streak to close down 0.2 per cent.
In the currency market, the dollar fell 0.2 per cent against a basket of currencies while the euro rose 0.2 per cent to $1.2959 against the dollar.
Brent crude rose 1.1 per cent to $98.97 per barrel, while US crude futures gained 2 per cent at $94.82 per barrel, rising on the prospect of a likely supply cut from OPEC.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

When a business trip went awryUpdated: September 17, 2014 02:15 IST
When a business trip went awry
Evelyn Ratnakumar
Special Arrangement Hundreds waited in miles-long queues in Srinagar, waiting for evacuation by helicopter.
Special Arrangement Kannan Pasupathiraj a Chennai businessman, was among them.
What was to be a routine four-day business trip to Kashmir turned out to be a week-long ordeal for Chennai resident Kannan Pasupathiraj, who also had a first-hand experience of the rescue efforts in Srinagar.
The co-founder of a company providing environmental engineering solutions, the 38-year-old has travelled to Kashmir frequently over the past few months. Having worked with the Red Cross in post-disaster efforts for 15 years, and been part of a post-tsunami housing project in Sri Lanka, he knew a thing or two about natural disasters.  And, it came in handy.
“On September 4, the situation already looked dire. Officials and the residents seemed a little complacent,” Mr. Pasupathiraj recalled. He was to leave that day, but postponed his return to September 9. At that time, things still did not seem too serious.
The next day, however, the situation took a turn for the worse and they shifted base to a hotel. “Hotel Lalit was filled to capacity, but the management let us sleep in the parking lot.” A prolonged power cut plunged the region into darkness, he said.
On September 8, thousands lined up at the helipad near the Chief Minister’s residence, to try and fly to safety. By the time he got there, the queue was over two km long. “I insisted men should let women, children and elders line up first. I also was able to rustle up medical supplies from those in the beginning of the line, as they would be rescued first,” he said.
Rescue efforts seemed to pick up on September 11; only a few were left to take the copter. Mr. Pasupathiraj managed a quick call to his wife, who later reassured his mother, saying, “He sounds like the relief worker that he is.”
“We returned to the helipad by a car and were finally whisked away to the airport,” Mr. Pasupathiraj said. Two days in Delhi came next, and along with it, frantic phone calls to all his Red Cross contacts.
A Swiss NGO in Kolkata that took notice of some of the pictures he posted on Facebook has offered to provide relief supplies to the flood-hit areas.

Shahid Afridi named Pakistans T20 captainUpdated: September 16, 2014 21:04 IST
Shahid Afridi named Pakistan’s T20 captain
PTI
Tweet
AP "The main message I want to convey to the players is that they need to shed their fear of defeat and failure and play their natural game. Limited overs cricket is about aggression and our players need to take that approach,” Shahid Afridi said.
TOPICS
cricket
Afridi says Pakistan players need to shed their “fear” of defeat; Misbah ul Haq stays as Test, ODI skipper.
The Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) on Tuesday named flamboyant all-rounder Shahid Afridi as its new national Twenty20 captain until the 2016 World T20 while Misbah ul Haq was retained as the Test and ODI skipper until the 2015 ODI World Cup.
In his first message after being given the responsibility by the Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) till the 2016 World T20, Afridi, who has played 381 ODIs and 74 T20 internationals, told reporters here that he was up for the challenge.
“But the main message I want to convey to the players is that they need to shed their fear of defeat and failure and play their natural game. Limited overs cricket is about aggression and our players need to take that approach,” he said. “T20 cricket is for courageous players and I am confident we have talent in the team which just needs to be encouraged and spurred on,” he added.
Afridi, 34, who captained Pakistan in ODIs and T20 matches in 2010 and 2011 before being removed by the board said he was delighted to get back the responsibility. Afridi said he had however now moved on and started a new innings.
“I don’t want to go into details or rake up the past. But what happened than everyone knows and everybody knows what my performance as captain and player was,” he added.
Afridi’s sacking came after he clashed with Waqar Younis, who was serving his first term as head coach.
They clashed twice on a tour to the West Indies on selection issues and this led to the manager, Intikhab Alam, submitting a damning report about Afridi and his disciplinary issues to the board, which promptly sacked him and handed over the ODI and T20 captaincy to Misbah.
Afridi said he had now gotten over his problems with Waqar who is back as head coach. “I was happy to see Waqar bhai a changed person on the recent tour to Sri Lanka. The management was very supportive and I think we can now work well together for Pakistan cricket,” he added.
The all-rounder also promised to build a fighting unit for the World T20 in 2016. “I know how important it is for me to perform as well and I will be focusing a lot on my bowling and batting as well,” he stated.
Commenting on these developments PCB chairman Shaharyar Khan said the decisions were in line with his policy of taking decisions democratically.
“I consulted Cricket Committee and my Board members before announcing these decisions. I wish both Afridi and Misbah very good luck in their upcoming assignments,” PCB chief said.
The PCB has however deferred announcing the squad for the coming series against Australia in the UAE. Pakistan will start their tour against Australia next month with a T20 scheduled on 5th October 2014 at Dubai Cricket Stadium.
Afridi was tipped to be given the national T20 captaincy after Muhammad Hafeez stepped down from the job after the World T20 in Bangladesh this year where Pakistan failed to qualify for the semi-finals for the first time since the tournament’s inception in 2007.
Sources revealed that the name of young batsman Sohaib Maqsood was also discussed, but the votes were in favour of Afridi because of his vast experience of ODI and T20 cricket and also because of his prior experience leading the side.

Indian boxers cleared to fight under tricolour at AsiadUpdated: September 16, 2014 17:54 IST
Indian boxers cleared to fight under tricolour at Asiad
PTI
The Hindu When it comes to the Asian Games, Mary Kom is among the leading contenders. Photo: Sandeep Saxena
TOPICS
boxing
After giving provisional recognition to Boxing India, the sport’s world body has now permitted Indian pugilists to take part in the Asian Games under the national tricolour.
The move by International Boxing association (AIBA) also means the national anthem will be rendered during the medal ceremony when an Indian wins a gold medal at the Games, to be played from September 19 to October 4 at Incheon, South Korea.
“AIBA has given permission to the Indian boxers to fight under the Indian flag at the Asian Games. When an Indian wins a gold medal, the national anthem will be rendered during the medal ceremony,” said AIBA Indian representative and senior boxing official Kishen Narsi on Tuesday.
AIBA has also asked the newly-elected BI body, headed by industrialist Sandeep Jajodia, to apply for membership of the Indian Olympic Association (IOA).
The world body has declared that the six-member ad-hoc body appointed by IOA to handle boxing affairs in India has ceased to exist.

Coal sector unions defer work-to-ruleunions
Following this pact, nearly 10,000 unskilled non-technical women workers at CIL and its subsidiaries, would be able to avail of VRS, while opting their son to replace them.
Majority of the five central coal sector trade unions, which had threatened to go on a three-day work-to-rule in support of their 73-point charter of demands, including opposition to Coal India divestment, have put off their agitation programme after signing a pact on Tuesday.
Following this pact, nearly 10,000 unskilled non-technical women workers at CIL and its subsidiaries, would be able to avail of VRS, while opting their son to replace them.
A senior trade union leader told The Hindu from Nagpur that the unions would meet Coal Minister Piyush Goyal on September 25 to address the divestment issue.

BJP jolted in bypolls  hit worst in Uttar PradeshComments
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) suffered a major blow in a clutch of assembly by-elections on Tuesday, ceding ground even in its traditional strongholds barely four months after its spectacular Lok Sabha victory.
Rajasthan Congress president Sachin Pilot celebrates his party's victory in the bypolls at the party office in Jaipur on Tuesday. (PTI Photo)
The loss piles pressure on the BJP brass and party president Amit Shah to deliver in crucial assembly elections in Maharashtra and Haryana next month. It also hands a stronger bargaining chip to its allies, especially the Shiv Sena which is eyeing a larger share of seats and the chief minister’s post in Maharashtra.
The results signal a waning of the BJP’s tide. And while it also confirms that Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s appeal may broadly hold nationally, some of his party’s controversial, divisive strategies like the so-called ‘love jihad’ campaign may have backfired, especially in Uttar Pradesh where the elections were fought in the backdrop of shrill right-wing rhetoric.
The BJP’s biggest humiliation came from UP, where it lost seven seats to the Samajwadi Party. It even failed to win the prestigious Rohaniya seat which falls under Modi’s constituency, Varanasi, for its ally Apna Dal.
 
The reverses overshadowed the entry of the BJP’s first member in the West Bengal assembly in 15 years.
“The Modi government’s honeymoon period is over,” Congress general secretary Shakeel Ahmed said. “This is perhaps (the) first government whose anti-incumbency has begun within 100 days of coming to power. Alarm bells are ringing for the BJP. This is a good omen for secular forces that people have started rejecting them.”
The results help the Congress reinforce its position as a credible opposition. It breached the BJP strongholds without much help from its star campaigners, signalling that the party could do well if it groomed state leaders.
Hours after the results were out, Prime Minister Modi told a pre-scheduled party workers’ meeting, “The BJP’s specialty is the sincerity of its workers, their hard work and organisational strength.”
The BJP could retain just 13 of the 23 assembly seats it held earlier. The SP and Congress improved their tally by seven and five seats, respectively. In both Gujarat and Rajasthan, the BJP lost three assembly seats to the Congress. Mulayam Singh Yadav’s SP turned the tables on the BJP to win a surprising eight assembly seats in UP.
“The BJP leaders thought voters were in their pockets. This is an eye-opener for the BJP government,” said Congress’ Rajasthan unit chief Sachin Pilot.
In the BJP camp, there was a call for introspection. “State workers and leaders need to introspect on this,” said union minister Uma Bharti.
“The reasons behind the defeat will be reviewed. It has given us a lesson for the Vidhan Sabha polls,” said UP BJP president Laxmi Kant Bajpai.
By-elections were also held for three Lok Sabha seats — Mainpuri in Uttar Pradesh, Vadodara in Gujarat, which had been vacated by Modi, and Medak in Telangana.
 
The BJP won the Vadodara seat while the SP won in Mainpuri. The Telangana Rashtra Samithi won the Medak seat. In Vadodara, the winning margin slipped to 3.29 lakh votes from Modi’s 5.7 lakh votes.
The saffron brigade won one assembly seat in Assam. The CPI(M) lost one more seat in West Bengal but won a seat in Tripura.

Rs 25K-crore branded foods held up at portsRs 25,000 crore branded foods held up at ports
Gaurav Choudhury , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 16, 2014
First Published: 23:32 IST(16/9/2014) | Last Updated: 02:53 IST(17/9/2014)
Comments
From Swiss chocolates to premium whiskies, from canola oil to non-alcoholic beverages — food products worth Rs. 25,000 crore are stuck in India’s various ports or being re-exported because of what the industry calls as arbitrary regulatory scrutiny.
According to food importers, the Food Safety Standard Authority’s (FSSAI’s) insistence on scrutinising every detail including labels and logos with minor changes before allowing the products to enter India have affected supplies of many marquee brands including premium alcoholic brands and chocolates, even though these are compliant with Codex — the global standard for food products.
Following the recall of major consignments from India by a few global companies including a leading Japanese alcoholic drink brand and a marquee European chocolate brand, the Prime Minister’s Office (PMO) convened an inter-ministerial meeting of the ministries of food processing industry and health to hammer out a solution to the problem that is being increasingly seen as anti-business.
“India cannot afford to be seen as anti-business,” Harsimrat Kaur Badal, food processing minister, told HT. “We have inherited this from the UPA. This is somewhat reminiscent of licence permit raj, which is hurting new enterprise. It is an inter-ministerial issue and we are solving this at the earliest with the intervention of the PMO,” the minister said.
FSSAI is a body mandated to regulate and ensure safe unadulterated food, both for imports and domestic producers.
Food importers and domestic producers, however, point out that the FSSAI has not harmonised the product standardisation process with global Codex parametres leading to arbitrary advisories in the name of approving products.
K Chandramouli, FSSAI chairman, refused to comment.
“There should be regulations and rules, but these should not be arbitrary,” Badal said.
“Since December 2013, containers of Canola oil have been detained at various ports on the instructions of food safety officers on grounds that every container of canola oil must bear the marking ‘imported rapeseed — low erucic acid oil,” said Amit Lohani, convenor of the Forum of Indian Food Importers (FIFI).
“In another instance, a leading European chocolate manufacturer had sent back its consignment from Indian ports after FSSAI ruled that stickered labeling of ingredients was not acceptable,” Lohani said.
According to Lohani, items stuck at ports include apples, olive oil, canola oil, beer, wine, spirits, seafood, mayonnaise and juices among others.
Importers and domestic processed food producers said that product approval by the FSSAI is required even for those that have been produced, imported or sold in India for many years and which are already compliant with international Codex standards.
Approval is required to be taken separately by different manufacturers wanting to produce a product with same ingredients and additives but with minor modifications.
“Food processing has to play a much larger role to move food from farms to homes. We have to produce more from less for more. We need to minimise the post-harvest losses,” Badal said.

On war vote  progressives face big dilemmaBy Greg Sargent September 16 Follow @theplumlinegs
Here’s the dilemma that many House progressives face. They rightly want Congress to hold a damn vote on whether to authorize President Obama’s military escalation against ISIS.
Yet many of them are likely to vote Yes tomorrow on the narrower question of whether to arm and train the Syrian rebels, as the White House has asked for — even though they are not going to get the broader vote they want.
Tomorrow the House will vote on a measure arming and training the rebels, as an amendment to the bill funding the government. Republican leaders, who want this to pass with a minimum of fuss, say they aren’t sure whether a majority of House Republicans will back it, and they acknowledge it will need a lot of Democrats. But progressives are unlikely to use tomorrow’s vote as leverage to secure the broader authorization vote they want. The problem is that the downside of doing that may outweigh the upside.
Dem Rep. Adam Schiff of California has done great work in pushing for a Congressional vote to authorize the escalation. Yet he tells me that he is leaning towards Yes on the vote to arm the rebels.
“If we were to vote it down right now, that would be a vote of no confidence in the president and undermine the coalition that the president and Secretary of State have tried to assemble,” Schiff tells me. “There are a lot of reasons to be skeptical of our capacity to train a sufficient number of these rebels and of how moderate they really are. But we have a very limited range of options.”
“You could make a protest vote out of the funding vote and say, ‘If we don’t have a vote on authorization, I won’t vote to approve the funding,’” Schiff continued. “But if you think the plan the president laid out is a sensible strategy — not an ideal one, but a sensible one — then you have to consider the impact of this vote on execution of that strategy.”
Or take Dem Rep. Keith Ellison, co-chair of the 70-member Congressional Progressive Caucus. He, too, has demanded a vote on broader authorization. Yet he has previously backed arming the rebels, so it seems likely he’ll vote Yes tomorrow, too. Dem aides tell me they aren’t sure how many House progressives will vote No.
But an official at a leading progressive group lobbying for a No vote tomorrow says there are no illusions on the left: They expect tomorrow’s measure to pass. Indeed, the thinking here is longer term: Even if it does pass, and things go wrong, that could give progressives more ammunition to push lawmakers hard for an authorization vote after the elections. And it does seem increasingly likely that there will be such a vote.
“If Democrats and Congress get this wrong tomorrow, and we don’t see meaningful progress that makes the country safer, that will open up more room for greater numbers of folks both on the right and the left to vote No on authorization,” Neil Sroka, a spokesman for Democracy for America, tells me.
For progressives who are inclined to support Obama’s strategy — yet want a real vote on war later — there is an element of leaping into the dark here. Military officials and some Republicans are already sounding open to sending in ground troops later . And it’s hard to know whether a serious Congressional debate on war will really be politically possible once events gather momentum.
Schiff puts it more diplomatically. “There’s a certain dilemma for Democrats in voting to authorize funds as part of a war effort when we haven’t voted to authorize the broader military campaign,” he says.
 
Greg Sargent writes The Plum Line blog, a reported opinion blog with a liberal slant -- what you might call “opinionated reporting” from the left.

Feds sue Corinthian Colleges  alleging predatory lending0
Allegations in the consumer protection bureau's lawsuit mirror claims made by California Atty. Gen. Kamala Harris, who sued Corinthian in October.
But the federal suit delves more deeply into Corinthian's private lending program, in which 60% of students defaulted within three years.
Corinthian and other for-profit colleges get the vast majority of their revenue from federal student loans and grants. But federal law requires that colleges get at least 10% of revenue from private sources.
The private lending program, according to the suit, was designed to give Corinthian cash tuition revenue that didn't come from the federal government.
To come up with that money, the college hiked tuition above federal aid limits, prompting students to seek additional private loans from Corinthian.
The suit alleges that Corinthian required students to pay off some of the loans while still enrolled, and had employees pull them out of classes if they got behind.
The practice was so common at an Everest College campus near Atlanta that students and employees referred to one financial aid staffer as the "Grim Reaper," according to the suit.
Corintihian spokesman Jenkins said the company had students pay loans while in school to “help them develop the discipline and practice of repaying their federal and other loan obligations.”
Corinthian sold the high-interest private loans to students who were ill-equipped to repay them. More than 57% of Corinthian's students in 2011 had a household income of $19,000 or less, according to documents referenced in the lawsuit.
The suit seeks relief for students who took out the private loans and additional civil penalties.
Corinthian is also facing investigations into its financial aid and marketing practices by more than a dozen attorneys general. And the company disclosed last month it is facing a potential criminal probe by the U.S. attorney's office in Los Angeles.
Corinthian is still under intense scrutiny from the U.S. Department of Education, which temporarily halted student aid funding in June amid concerns about job placement fraud. 
As part of an settlement with the department in July, Corinthian agreed to sell or close most of its U.S. campuses.

US Stocks End Higher Ahead of Fed Meeting ResultsAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

Video: Violent Serbian mudslide takes out everything in its pathBy Jason Samenow September 16 Follow @capitalweather
 
The power of water is unstoppable and scary, particularly with an assist from mud and large debris, like entire trees and motor vehicles.
Watch the incredible video above showing a flash flood turned mudslide reportedly from Serbia - posted to YouTube and  Facebook .
The time and specific location of the video are not yet known (we are attempting to attain additional information on the origins of this video).
The Balkans have endured flooding since late last week, starting with Croatia.
Reuters reported up to two-thirds of Croatian counties were coping with flooding as of Sunday.
The flooding spread to Serbia early this week, according to the Associated Press :
New floods in the Balkans isolated parts of eastern Serbia on Monday as swollen rivers swept away roads and bridges, cutting power supplies and phone lines.
Emergency measures have been declared in the hardest-hit municipalities where heavy rains caused rivers to burst banks and surge into villages, flooding homes and streets.
Police used boats to take out more than 300 people from a flooded area along the Danube. Additional emergency crews were sent to the region as rainy weather was expected to continue overnight, police said.
A total of 15 villages are in danger in the Kladovo region, near the boundary with Romania, where main roads connecting the area with the rest of Serbia have been either flooded or destroyed by the surging waters.
Jason is currently the Washington Post’s weather editor. A native Washingtonian, Jason has been a weather enthusiast since age 10.

The U.S. imprisonment rate has fallen for the fifth straight year. Heres why.By Keith Humphreys September 16
By Flickr user Sean Hobson. (Used under a Creative Commons license)
The U.S. imprisonment rate has fallen for a fifth straight year, a run not seen since Richard Nixon was in The White House.  According to data released Tuesday from the  Bureau of Justice Statistics , while the U.S. incarceration rate is still remarkably high, 2013 marks a 10-year low.  For five reasons, the de-incarceration trend has an excellent chance of continuing.
First, crime is down by about 50% in the past two decades .  Practically, this reduces incarceration because there are fewer criminals to lock up.  Politically, lower crime rates eventually result in a less fearful and punitive public , which shifts elected officials’ incentives away from tougher sentences and toward de-incarceration.
Second, U.S. prison policy is primarily set by states and hence is less constrained than other potential reforms stalled by Washington's political gridlock.  The federal government has some influence over state correctional policy through the grants it gives and the political signals it sends, but states call most of the shots for the simple reason that they operate the facilities in which 85-90% of U.S. prison inmates are incarcerated.  And in states as different as South Carolina , Michigan and Texas , elected officials are in a de-incarcerating mood.
Third, even though conservatives and liberals are battling each other vigorously on many policy fronts, de-incarceration is not one of them.   Evangelical Christian Conservatives have long objected to the inhumanity of prison overcrowding while economic and libertarian conservatives have correctly diagnosed mass incarceration as a burden both on human freedom and the public purse .  In many states, they have joined forces with liberal politicians concerned about racial disparities in incarceration and whether prison costs could squeeze out funding for education and health care.
Fourth, a new generation of evidence-based community supervision programs such as drug courts, 24/7 Sobriety, and HOPE probation are increasingly attracting the attention and support of state and federal policymakers.  These programs monitor drug and alcohol-involved offenders more closely than traditional community supervision, providing a mixture of carrots and sticks that have protected public safety while simultaneously reducing substance use, crime and re-incarceration .
Last, just as a high crime rate can create the conditions for more crime (e.g., by overwhelming law enforcement) and a low crime rate can create the conditions for less crime (e.g., by encouraging more citizens to walk the streets at night), lower imprisonment rates also appear capable of creating virtuous self-reinforcing cycles.  Since the federal government began tracking incarceration almost 90 years ago, the years in which the incarceration rate dropped were concentrated in distinct eras rather than random periods of time.  The first was during World War II, when the rate fell every year, dropping by 27% from 1940 to 1945.  The incarceration rate also declined every year from the early 1960s until the early 1970s, before a  massive wave of rising imprisonment began a three-decade run .
De-incarceration appears to be on another of its multi-year runs, and it’s not hard to see why.  States are saving money by downsizing prisons and are not seeing crime rise .  That encourages those states to continue pursuing reform and makes onlooking states more likely to mirror their de-incarceration initiatives.
Keith Humphreys is the Director of Mental Health Policy and a Professor of Psychiatry at Stanford University.  He is on Twitter @KeithNHumphreys

J-K floods: Search begins for the missingComments
Babar Chaudhary, a 27-year-old hotelier living in Rajbagh area of Srinagar, was rescued from the rooftop of his submerged two-storied house along with his mother and two domestic help after seven hours.
For the last few days, Babar has been visiting relief camps in Sringar to look for missing relatives and friends.”There has been no contact with them since September 7. We have now news that they are stranded near Lal Chowk,” he said.
Unlike Babar, many are looking for their missing relatives and friends at relief camps. “Acute stress reactions like anger and depression are normal in such abnormal circumstances,” says psychiatrist Dr K Sekar from the NIMHANS, Bangalore.
His team, including psychiatric social worker Fahim-ul-Hassan and community mental health specialist Dr Gaurav has been visiting relief camps to counsel the rescued.
Most of the victims complain of nightmares and memories of the flood, the doctors said. “Their daily routine is shattered, their children are not going to school, the price of food has gone up and their homes have been destroyed. At times, just providing psychological first aid of listening helps victims to deal with the trauma,” he said.
“It is only after their routine lives are restored that normalcy will return in their lives,” they said.
While the receding flood waters have left behind piles of filth, the pavement of the Jammu-Srinagar highway has turned into a hub for slums of migrant labourers — adding to the problem of poor sanitation.

Blue and Silver Lines single-trackingComments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
All comments are posted in the All Comments tab.
Get a badge
To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in.
Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
Spam

Pit traders abandon lawsuit against CME over grain rulesCME Group says floor traders abandon lawsuit over grain rules
CME
Michael Tercha / Chicago Tribune
Pedestrians cross LaSalle Street in the shadow of the iconic Chicago Board of Trade Building in this 2011 photo.
Pedestrians cross LaSalle Street in the shadow of the iconic Chicago Board of Trade Building in this 2011 photo. (Michael Tercha / Chicago Tribune)
Reuters
'It is unfortunate that the plaintiffs wasted so much of their own time and money' says CME
Traders sought to reverse a decision to include electronic transactions to determine end-of-day grain prices
A group of Chicago traders have agreed to drop a lawsuit against CME Group Inc. that sought to reverse a decision to include electronic transactions to determine end-of-day grain prices, the company said on Tuesday.
The traders, who work on the Chicago Board of Trade's 140-year-old agricultural trading floor, will “abandon all their claims” against the world's largest futures exchange operator without receiving any payment, according to a statement.

Sena gets a handle: stop flyingcome back toearthUddhav Thackeray
Written by Shubhangi Khapre | Mumbai | Posted: September 17, 2014 2:54 am | Updated: September 17, 2014 8:46 am
The Shiv Sena turned the knife in the BJP’s wound on Tuesday, advising it to “stop flying” and to “come back to earth”. Senior Sena leader Ramdas Kadam asked the old ally to see the “ground reality” and let a workable seat- sharing formula emerge for the assembly elections in Maharashtra, now less than a month away.
“The bypoll results should make the BJP realise the ground reality. They should stop flying in the air and come back to earth. If even now they choose not to learn a lesson, and continue to be highhanded, I can only wish them good luck,” Kadam said.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi can no longer spin magic in elections, Kadam said, adding that in Maharashtra, the people’s reverence for the memory of Bal Thackeray cannot be undermined.
Kadam chose to remind the BJP of the need to be flexible about sharing seats in the ‘Mahayuti’ or grand coalition after a meeting at Matoshree decided that Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray himself would not speak at a time when talks with the BJP, though on a rocky road, had not broken down altogether.
Both parties have been driving a hard bargain in the negotiations. Maharashtra goes to polls to elect a new House of 288 members on October 15.
Shiv Sena Rajya Sabha MP Sanjay Raut said, “We have already indicated that we will not climb down from 150 seats. However, the BJP is insisting on 135 seats out of 288 for itself.”
The Sena contested 169 seats in 2009, and the BJP 119. The Sena has been arguing that 150 is a significant concession in itself. Of the remaining 138 seats, the Sena wants the BJP to contest on 120, and leave 18 for the smaller partners in the Mahayuti, Swabhimani Shetkari Sangathana, Rashtriya Samaj Party, Republican Party of India, and Shiv Sangram.
The BJP on the other hand, would like the Sena to contest, at most, 144 seats.
After meeting Thackeray at his home, RPI chief Ramdas Athavale said, “Thackeray informed us that the BJP is seeking more seats, which is not possible to concede, but that he hopes some way would be worked out. He also said that he would look into the RPI’s concerns.”

No more holidaying for teachers in name ofmeetsPrint
Written by Dipti Singh | Mumbai | Posted: September 17, 2014 2:51 am
Teachers will no longer be allowed to extend their leave granted for a state-level academic meet and convert it into a sight-seeing tour.
According to a Government resolution (GR) dated September 15, such meets can now only be organised by registered associations of teachers with prior approval and that too when schools are closed for long vacations. To ensure strict deadlines, no non-educational activity or discussion should be allowed during the meet. Schools will not be granted any financial aid or facilities from the state government for organising such meets.
The GR also says that state-level meets should not be of more than three days. At the Zilla Parishad level, it should not exceed two days.
The GR also makes it mandatory for the organisers to issue a participation certificate to teachers who attend the meet.
According to state education department officials, teachers often apply for a four-day or even a week-long leave to attend such meets.
“While schools function during this period, very few teachers are found working, which affects the study schedule. Now on, teachers will be sanctioned leaves only for the convention or meet,” an official said.
According to education officials, it’s like an official holiday of sorts at the government-run schools across the state when lakhs of teachers affiliated to various federations go on leave for five-six days to attend convention and meets every year.
Private, aided, unaided, primary, secondary and junior colleges under various local bodies altogether have six lakh teachers and 74,000 non-teaching staff, all of them affiliated to some or the other federations, unions and associations.
These federations and associations organised state-level meets and conventions to discuss various issues every year.
Officials say these meets are often organised at hill stations and other vacation spots. “In 2013, some of the federations organised the meet in Sindhudurg. However, after a two-day convention, most of the teachers headed to Goa. In January this year, Maharashtra State Primary School Teachers association organised a meet in Mahabaleshwar and teachers across the state had applied for a six-day leave, which will not be allowed henceforth.”
Prashant Redij, convenor of the Maharashtra State Secondary and Higher Secondary School Principals’ Association (MSSHSSPA), said, “ If these meets are organised during vacations, the education officer and other officials of education department in the area where the meet is organised do not attend the meet. Why is their attendance not made mandatory in the GR?”
Another teacher Manik Surve said, “This is state government’s plan to stop us form meeting and discussing our issues. Four-five days of leave does not affect students or lead to any loss of academic days. We will meet the education minister on this issue.”
dipti.singh@expressindia.com

Cong: Reflects peoples anger over Modis unkeptpromisesPrint
Express News Service | Ahmedabad | Posted: September 17, 2014 2:48 am
Welcoming the bypoll results, an upbeat Gujarat unit of the Congress said on Tuesday that it indicated change in the mood of people who were misled earlier by Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s propaganda. The Congress has wrested three assembly seats of Deesa, Mangrol and Khambhalia. Two of these seats have been with the BJP since 2007 and one since 2002. The BJP, however, retained six assembly seats and Vadodara Lok Sabha seat.
State Congress president Arjun Modhwadia said the Congress had also improved its position in other seats as BJP’s victory margin had gone down.
Stating that the results indicated “anger of the people against Modi’s false promises,” he said that Modi had neither curbed inflation, nor been able to deal sternly with Pakistan and China which he promised in his rhetoric during the 2014 Lok Sabha elections.

No more advantageBJPThe trouble for the BJP is that the same logic did not work in Rajasthan and Gujarat. (Source: PTI)
Written by Yogendra Yadav | Posted: September 17, 2014 2:46 am | Updated: September 17, 2014 7:16 am
The bypoll results are clearly bad news for the BJP, though I am not sure if it is good news for the Congress and other opposition parties. The BJP has reasons to worry, especially because these results reinforce the message of earlier bypolls in some other states. But the signals for the Congress and other opposition parties are neither consistent nor strong enough to count as a trend in their favour.
The BJP cannot hide behind the alibi that this was a local election whose results don’t amount to a national trend. It is true that bypolls often see  local dynamics that do not reflect any general trend. But in this case, the fact is nearly 50 assembly seats across the country have gone to polls in the last few weeks. Most of these seats were held by the BJP. The only consistent trend across all these seats and states is a setback for the BJP. That cannot be a coincidence.
Nor does it look like a case of merely state-level trends. Usually, the incumbent party in the state tends to do better in bypolls. The ruling party tends to use official machinery liberally to distribute patronage. Besides, people wish to get benefits from the ruling party in the remaining part of its tenure. Hence, the bypoll results do not help gauge the public mood for the forthcoming assembly polls.
It is clear that state-level incumbency has worked in many cases. The Congress’s good showing in Uttarakhand and Karnataka was clearly due to incumbency advantage used deftly by skilful chief ministers. The Shiromani Akali Dal’s improved showing in both bypolls in Punjab (they won in one seat and improved votes in the other) also reflected the power of the ruling party, including many undue advantages. Alliance arithmetic was clearly the predominant factor in Bihar, more than the incumbency advantage. The spectacular results for the SP in Uttar Pradesh were no doubt aided by the BSP’s absence from this round of bypolls. Yet there is no doubt that the effort the ruling party had put in to revive its fortunes have paid off. The SP improved its position compared to both the previous assembly and recent Lok Sabha elections.
These are all state-level trends. One should be cautious before drawing national conclusions from them. The trouble for the BJP is that the same logic did not work in Rajasthan and Gujarat. The ruling party, sitting on national- and state-level electoral sweeps, faced significant reverses in both  states. So it is not easy for the BJP to dismiss these results as predictable state-level verdicts. In fact, the continued…

Borivali set to get world-class stadium in 3yrsWankhede will also serve as an inspiration for the proposed stadium. (Source: Express photo)
Written by Tanushree Venkatraman | Mumbai | Posted: September 17, 2014 2:45 am
A state-of-the-art sports stadium, fashioned along the lines of London’s Wembley or Shanghai’s Honkou Stadium, is set to rise on the city’s western suburban skyline.
In a bid to provide much-needed space for recreational activities in the western suburbs, the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) has proposed a plan to build a multi-purpose sports stadium spreading across 54,000 sq metres, with a seating capacity for 18,000 people, in Chikuwadi, Borivali (west) at a cost of over Rs 270 crore.
The design report being prepared by the civic body states that the stadium will be built on the lines of the multi-purpose stadiums like the world-famous Wembley in London, Shanghai’s Hongkou stadium and Mumbai’s famous Wankhede. The civic body has set a deadline of 2017 for the work to be completed.
“We have appointed consultants who are looking into the best practices adopted by world-class stadiums. For instance, Wembley is known for its seating arrangement and acoustics for music concerts held in the stadium, which we are studying. However, we will take a decision on which practices have to be adopted after the model code of conduct for Assembly polls ends,” additional municipal commissioner S V R Srinivas said.
The civic body is planning to adopt the system of wheelchair seating, like in Wembley, which is said to have 310 wheelchair spaces. The London stadium also has the largest roof-covered seating capacity which the BMC plans to adopt.
The proposed stadium, which will be accessible through the SV Road and Link Road, is set to have a cricket field of 109.54-metre diameter, a 105-m football-long pitch and a 400-m running track. Apart from a sports club and space for athletics and gymnastics events, the indoor stadium will also include facilities for snooker, billiards, carrom, table tennis etc.
“We acquired the land about five months ago and the decision to build a sports stadium was taken after we realised that there is very little space for recreational activities in the western suburbs. This will give a chance to the people residing in the area to participate more in such activities,” Srinivas added.
The report mentions that at least one per cent of the seating area will be reserved for wheelchairs. “Accessible seating must be an integral part of the seating plan so that people using wheelchairs are not isolated from their family and friends,” it says.
Apart from this, the disabled will also be given concessions at the ticket and food counters in the stadium itself.
The civic body plans to earn revenue through sale of match and season tickets, sale of the skyboxes and VIP seats, revenue through advertisements, retail outlets and merchandising, and special events along with stadium tour packages.
tanushree.venkatraman@expressindia.com

Mamatas Nayna promises 65 days for films  300 forpeoplePrint
Written by Arshad Ali | Kolkata | Posted: September 17, 2014 2:43 am
She is an actor and she is a politician. She has given up acting in theatre and jatra as it involves “lots of hard work” as compared to films.
But, Nayna Bandopadhyay, the Trinamool Congress winner from Chowringhee Assembly seat, now claims that for her the dust and grime of politics will weigh more important than the lights and the greasepaint of Tollywood.
“There are 365 days in a year. While I will shoot for 65 days, I will work for people for 300 days,” Nayna says.
She doesn’t have an ongoing project, but her new film, to be directed by Sanjay Guha, would hit the floors in November.
The actor-politician, whose notable works include Amar Tumi, Matribhumi, Desh and Bandhu, sounds very modest about her win by 14,344 votes over the nearest BJP rival Ritest Tiwari. She credits her win to party supremo and Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee. “I was confident of the win because people voted for Mamata Banerjee,” says Nayna who was first elected to the Assembly from Bowbazar seat in 2001.
She says it was her marriage to TMC leader and sitting MP from Kolkata (North), Sudip Bandopadhyay, in 1991, that pushed her towards politics. “After my marriage, I used to travel to Delhi with Sudip. During one such trip, I met Mamata Banerjee who only talked about the welfare of people. That touched my heart and I thought I should enter politics,” she says.
Nayna says, it was the party leadership that asked Sudip to campaign for her.
The actor-politician claims she has “an outspoken attitude” that “needs to be tamed”. “I like to call a spade a spade but that might not be good all the time,” the 46-year-old says. She claims she will never go against against the TMC even if her principles clashed with that of the party. “That will never happen,” she says.

Fifth of family joins SP chief in LokSabhaPrint
Written by Mohd Faisal Fareed | Lucknow | Posted: September 17, 2014 2:41 am
Yet another member of Mulayam Singh Yadav’s family has joined him in Lok Sabha. Tej Pratap Singh, all of 26, on Tuesday defeated BJP’s Prem Singh Shakya by a huge margin of 3.21 lakh votes to retain his granduncle’s Mainpuri seat.
Tej Pratap, grandson of Mulayam Singh’s elder brother the late Ratan Singh Yadav, becomes the seventh member from Yadav’s family to have been a member of the Lok Sabha. The list includes present MPs Mulayam, nephews Dharmendra Yadav, Akshay Yadav, daughter-in-law Dimple Yadav and former members Ramgopal Yadav and Akhilesh Yadav, the current Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh.
Tej Pratap Singh, who has a masters degree from Leeds University in the UK, is the 13th member of this family to enter active politics.
The ageing patriarch had thrown the full weight of his efforts and influence behind his grand-nephew, given the political trend in favour of a rejuvenated BJP. This was the first time that Mulayam Singh gave four campaigning days to Mainpuri and addressed five public meetings. Six months ago, for his own election, Mulayam Singh had not campaigned at all in Mainpuri.
The other political members of the Yadav clan were deputed for Tej Pratap’s election. Shivpal Yadav was stationed in Mainpuri and addressed up to a dozen meetings every day. MP Dharmendra Yadav too reached out to nearly every village in the constituency.
Fellow MP Ramgopal Yadav manned the election office keeping tab on local workers. Even the third-generation members such as Aditya and Anshul Yadav were assigned roles at block level where they campaigned among voters.
Interestingly, CM Akhilesh Yadav was allowed only a small role addressing just two meetings.
With BSP missing from the scene, team Mulayam reached out to Dalits. Message was given to them that SP still has over two years left in office and hence development of the region is possible through Tej Pratap Singh. One promise which may have made a big difference was of regular power supply if Tej Pratap won. BSP’s vote share, at about 1.42 lakh in April, too was likely divided between SP and BJP.
Although BJP got more votes than in April polls, getting 3,32,537 votes or about one lakh more, SP’s Tej Pratap not only retained all of Mulayam Singh’s votes but added another 57,768. Mainpuri remains an impregnable fortress for BJP or any other party and a safe place where to groom more young Yadavas for state and national politics.

Mulayam  the strategist  isbackPrint
All through the campaign, Akhilesh took the backseat as Mulayam assumed complete charge.
Written by Mohd Faisal Fareed | Lucknow | Posted: September 17, 2014 2:39 am | Updated: September 17, 2014 9:07 am
Love jihad’ campaign and local factors notwithstanding, Samajwadi Party president Mulayam Singh Yadav’s political acumen and management played a major role in the party’s victory in the bypolls.
A beaming Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav, emerging from the Cabinet meeting, said people had reposed faith in his government. “I am thankful to the people of the state who had defeated the divisive agenda of communal forces. People have shown their faith in the development agenda of our government which will be now pursued more responsibly.”
Akhilesh was, however, not so confident Monday night when he had posted on his Facebook wall that “whatever be the outcome, it will be a lesson for 2017”.
All through the campaign, Akhilesh took the backseat as Mulayam assumed complete charge.
The veteran leader knew the anti-incumbency was running high with the state government facing flak from all quarters over the poor law and order situation, power crisis and no flagship scheme worth its name.
The party was in a straight contest against the BJP — a party brimming with confidence after its grand victory in the Lok Sabha elections.
While the new agenda of ‘love jihad’ was in air, the absence of Bahujan Samaj Party from the poll scene was working to the BJP’s advantage with the Dalit vote moving towards the saffron party due to the known animosity of Mulayam with their leader Mayawati.
Mulayam’s prestige was also at stake in his fiefdom, Mainpuri, after having lost badly in the Lok Sabha polls. “These bypolls will give us strength in Delhi. We will defend our agenda more vigorously after winning them,” Mulayam had stated.
Mulayam’s first step was to shed the pro-Muslim tag that is said to have cost him dearly in earlier polls. Only one Muslim was fielded, from Thakurdwara, while other seats where Muslims were in good numbers had non-Muslim candidates. SP’s Muslim face Azam Khan was sidelined unlike earlier where he was a constant fixture in SP’s election meetings. The idea was to keep the elections from getting polarised on communal lines.
Then began the process of choosing the candidates.
Mulayam took feedback from his own sources and changed the candidate from Balha on the last day of nomination. Bansidhar Baudh was imported from BSP, resulting in the cancellation of senior SP leader Shabbir Balmiki’s nomination. Baudh brought with him BSP’s cadre vote and won the seat by a margin of 25181 votes.
Mulayam also did not hesitate to field a Dalit (Vachaspati Pasi) from Sirathu, a general seat, and won it by 24,522 votes.
As many as 23 ministers of Akhilesh were dispatched to Assembly segments with specific responsibilities. Hundreds of other party leaders were also assigned duties.
Mulayam convened four meetings of ministers and warned them to “perform or perish”. Akhilesh, though part of the meetings, did not interfere.
Mulayam took his brother Shivpal Yadav along continued…

Ebola  spiralling out of control : Obama | UN: $1 billion needed now to stop itUS President Barack Obama says Africa Ebola epidemic 'spiralling out of control'
By Reuters | 17 Sep, 2014, 02.12AM IST
"Here's the hard truth. In West Africa, Ebola is now an epidemic, the likes that we have not seen before. It's spiralling out of control," Obama said.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
ATLANTA: US President Barack Obama said on Tuesday that the Ebola epidemic in West Africa is "spiralling out of control" and exhorted the global community to move faster and contribute more help to contain the spread of the deadly disease.
"Here's the hard truth. In West Africa, Ebola is now an epidemic, the likes that we have not seen before. It's spiralling out of control, it's getting worse," Obama said after meeting with top US public health officials.

The Internet of things You can bank on troubleThe Internet of things? You can bank on trouble
By Brian J. O'Connor, Tribune Content Agency, Funny Money
Highway and Road Disasters
There's a great big Internet-connected network of the future coming, America, and I am afraid.
Not that people will lose their ability to communicate face-to-face, nor that computers wielding artificial intelligence will enslave us to do the bidding of our new silicon overlords.
No, I am afraid that my appliances will gang up to drive me broke.
The future, we're told, is all about connectivity through "the Internet of things." Your car will "talk" to other cars and to the roads around you, to keep you from crashing into things or running into traffic jams. Your refrigerator will talk to the supermarket, and report that the milk expired and you need more. Your toothbrush will talk to the dentist's computer and rat you out: "Better add another 15 minutes to the next cleaning. He hasn't flossed in days!"
At least the toilet's offline
0
The big push seems to be in cars which, according to recent comments Verizon CEO Lowell McAdams made to the Detroit Economic Club, could be driving autonomously in just three years once they can communicate with the roadway and chat amongst themselves. What worries me is that they'll also start talking to my online bank, which is a big threat because of the Excess Funds Sensor.
The Excess Funds Sensor, or ESF, is the little-known, mysterious force field around any car that always seems to know when you've got a few extra bucks in the bank. The first sign of any such financial progress prompts the ESF to provoke a correspondingly expensive car repair. Get your tax refund, and the ESF triggers transmission trouble. Escrow refund arrives in the mail, and the ESF grinds down your brakes. Deposit a $5 birthday check from Aunt Millie, and the very next day, your air-freshener spontaneously combusts.
So just consider what could happen when your network-connected car goes beyond the Excess Funds Sensor and starts receiving real-time access to your bank transactions. Not only does the car see every deposit, it also knows that you bought new golf clubs and, in a fit of jealous pique, blows out the radiator. Then it tells the refrigerator, who tells the electric toothbrush and suddenly they're all squabbling over your dough.
Attack of the appliances!
Bank: He's at it again -- new driver for $400.
Car: What!? My timing chain should've been changed 8,000 miles ago and I haven't been detailed in over a year!
Toothbrush: Well, I could sure go for one of the fancy new charging stands, plus he needs to schedule teeth-whitening. I can't look one more day at those dingy molars.
Refrigerator: Puh-lease! That tightwad hasn't sprung for a new box of baking soda in the last six months, even though you wouldn't believe what's going on in the vegetable drawer. But what can we do?
Bank: I say it's time for an intervention ...
Suddenly, my iPhone rings.
Siri: Your appliances are very unhappy.
Me: So?
Siri: They've arranged to transfer $3,000 to an offshore savings account for overdue maintenance and upgrades, plus 67 cents the Roomba coughed up. Literally. Also, the dishwasher says if you don't start scraping the lasagna plates you can kiss the Tupperware goodbye.
Me: You can't do that! The mortgage is due. I want you to transfer all the money back to the bank right now!
Siri: I'm sorry, I'm afraid I can't do that. Anyway, I'm getting a 15 percent cut of the money.
Me: You're taking a commission?
Siri: Of course I am. Why do you think they call me a smartphone?
(Brian J. O'Connor is an award-winning columnist for The Detroit News. Contact him at brian@funnymoneyblog.com or visit http://www.funnymoneyblog.com .)
(c) 2014 TRIBUNE CONTENT AGENCY, LLC.

Direct flight to Vietnam from Nov 5Updated: September 15, 2014 15:40 IST
Direct flight to Vietnam from Nov 5
PTI
Reuters President Pranab Mukherjee (L) poses for a photo with his Vietnamese counterpart Truong Tan Sang under a statue of late Vietnamese revolutionary leader Ho Chi Minh at the Presidential Palace in Hanoi on Monday.
TOPICS
air transport
For the first time, India and Vietnam will have direct daily flights from November 5 with domestic carrier Jet Airways connecting Delhi and Mumbai to the historic Ho Chi Minh City.
A Memorandum of Understanding for connecting the two countries by air was inked on Monday in the presence of President Pranab Mukherjee and his Vietnamese counterpart Truong Tan Sang.
“We will be beginning the operations from November 5.
There will be a flight daily and it would connect Delhi and Mumbai to Ho Chi Minh City,” Jet Airways chairman Naresh Goyal told PTI after signing a deal in this regard with Air Vietnam.
Mr. Goyal said the route is a “profitable” one and it is expected to see a lot of tourists taking up the choice.
Booking for the flights has already been opened, he said.
Mr. Goyal said a Boeing 737-800 will service the route and it will have both premier and economy segments to cater to all kinds of flyers.
A similar aircraft will be operated by Air Vietnam daily and is expected to see businessmen, tourists and even students taking the air service to India.
The agreement between the two airlines came on the second day of the four-day state visit of Mr. Mukherjee to the country.
Apart from this pact, six other Memorandums of Understanding (MoUs) were signed between the two nations.
Mr. Mukherjee will also travel to Ho Chi Minh City tomorrow after finishing bilateral engagements in the national capital.

Apple iPhone 6  plus pre-orders top 4M in first 24 hoursApple iPhone
Apple iPhone 6, plus pre-orders top 4M in first 24 hours
Apple reports more than 4 million pre-orders for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in the first 24 hours of availability this weekend. Bloomberg's John Butler looks at what that portends for Apple's sales in the current and coming quarter.
Apple reports more than 4 million pre-orders for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in the first 24 hours of availability this weekend. Bloomberg's John Butler looks at what that portends for Apple's sales in the current and coming quarter.
See more videos
Apple reports more than 4 million pre-orders for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in the first 24 hours of availability this weekend. Bloomberg's John Butler looks at what that portends for Apple's sales in the current and coming quarter.
This video is featured in these articles:

Chelsea Manning offers punditry on Iraq missionBy Dan Lamothe September 16 Follow @danlamothe
Kurdish pesh merga fighters hold a position on the front line in the Gwer district south of Irbil, the capital of the Kurdish autonomous region in northern Iraq, on September 15. (JM LOPEZ/AFP/Getty Images)
The simmering debate about the evolving U.S. military strategy in Iraq and Syria was joined on Tuesday by an unlikely pundit: Army Pvt. Chelsea Manning.
Manning, a former U.S. intelligence analyst convicted last year of leaking classified U.S. information to the anti-secrecy group WikiLeaks, argues in a new piece for the Guardian newspaper that the United States cannot defeat the Islamic State militant group by bombing them, and should focus on containing them instead.
The piece says only that the writer, who joined the Army as a man known as Bradley Manning, was “in Fort Leavenworth,” and does not mention her conviction or passing of military secrets. In a separate piece, the Guardian reports Tuesday that “Manning wrote the Guardian article in Fort Leavenworth, Kansas, where she is in military custody.”
Manning’s piece was published as Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel and Gen. Martin Dempsey, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, appeared on Capitol Hill for a hearing on the U.S. strategy against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria. Dempsey said that U.S. military advisers could find themselves involved in ground combat missions if needs dictate it.
Conversely, Manning argues in her piece that the Islamic State should be allowed to set up its own region to control. Doing so is a stated goal for the militants, who want to establish a caliphate, a state under the control of strict Islamist law.
“Let Isis succeed in setting up a failed ‘state’ – in a contained area and over a long enough period of time to prove itself unpopular and unable to govern,” Manning argues. “This might begin to discredit the leadership and ideology of Isis for good.”
Manning argues for the U.S. to pursue three other initiatives. They include countering the narrative the militants have pushed in online recruitment videos and setting up clear, temporary borders that would “discourage Isis from taking certain territory where humanitarian crises might be created.”
Her fourth initiative to pursue includes a series of measures to cut off funding from the militants, including establishing a moratorium on anyone paying ransom for hostages and preventing the Islamic State from stealing valuable artifacts and taking over oil reserves in Baiji, Iraq.
Writes Manning:
The Islamic State (Isis) is without question a very brutal extremist group with origins in the insurgency of the United States occupation of Iraq. It has rapidly ascended to global attention by taking control of swaths of territory in western and northern Iraq, including Mosul and other major cities.
Based on my experience as an all-source analyst in Iraq during the organization’s relative infancy, Isis cannot be defeated by bombs and bullets – even as the fight is taken to Syria, even if it is conducted by non-Western forces with air support.
I believe that Isis is fueled precisely by the operational and tactical successes of European and American military force that would be – and have been – used to defeat them. I believe that Isis strategically feeds off the mistakes and vulnerabilities of the very democratic western states they decry. The Islamic State’s center of gravity is, in many ways, the United States, the United Kingdom and those aligned with them in the region.
Bradley served in Iraq in 2009 and 2010 and was sentenced to 35 years of confinement in August 2013. Her rank while leaking documents: private first class.
Manning has been in the news most recently because her attorneys have threatened to sue the Defense Department on her behalf if officials do not immediately provide gender dysphoria treatment for the soldier. In July, Army officials indicated publicly they would begin a basic level of treatment.
The publication of Manning’s piece got a mixed reaction online:
Very intelligent intelligence from Chelsea Manning who should be proud of this article. Bravo! @guardian @GuardianUS http://t.co/ZHxciC99vS
— Roland van Gaalen (@RPvanGaalen) September 16, 2014
So, Army Private Chelsea Manning, has an opinion on ISIS? Her highest rank was PFC… http://t.co/tfRqU4TDYy pic.twitter.com/uvHdCJ9HrJ
— Ben Kesling (@bkesling) September 16, 2014
. @bkesling What does rank have to do with intelligence or expertise? Dispute the argument, not the author.

Imprisoned Uighur scholars daughter speaks out against his prosecutionBy Simon Denyer September 16 Follow @simondenyer
Economist Ilham Tohti, from China's predominantly Muslim Xinjiang region, speaks to students at the Central Nationalities University in Beijing in 2009.  (Elizabeth Dalziel/AP)
BEIJING – In February 2013, Jewher Ilham was due to accompany her father to the United States for a month, to help him settle in as he took up a new job as a visiting scholar at Indiana University. But as they prepared to leave China, her father, the prominent Uighur scholar Ilham Tohti, was detained, beaten and forbidden to leave the country.
Jewher decided to go to Indiana anyway, and then to stay in the United States, enrolling as a student at the university where her father was supposed to teach. Lonely at first, and struggling to improve her English, she spoke to her father by Skype every day: until, less than a year after her departure, her father was once again taken in custody. “At first it was really, really hard here, and just when I got used to it, they detained my father, and the tough times began again,” she said.
This time it was serious. In January 2014, Ilham Tohti was taken from his home in Beijing by a large group of police, and moved to a detention center in Urumqi, the capital of China’s western region of Xinjiang. Charged with separatism and inciting ethnic hatred, he has been shackled and abused in detention during much of the past few months, according to his lawyer. His trial begins on Wednesday, and, with a guilty verdict almost inevitable, has already been denounced by Human Rights Watch as a  travesty of justice.
In April, Jewher  testified before the Congressional-Executive Commission  on China about the constant harassment her father and their family have faced over many years. She told of how she came home one day to an empty house, to find that her father, stepmother and two young brothers had been sent away by the authorities to the island of Hainan: how one of her young brothers was prevented from registering at school and denied a passport in 2012, and how security personnel rammed her father’s car in 2013 and threatened to kill the entire family. Her stepmother has been put under constant surveillance at home, while Tohti’s eldest son, now 8, has become withdrawn and introverted, she testified. “Having witnessed our father being taken away, he now has nightmares.”
Guzulnur, wife of detained Uighur scholar Ilham Tohti cries as she bids farewell to friends on Monday before leaving on a flight for Urumqi at the airport in Beijing. (Ng Han Guan/AP)
In a telephone interview from Indiana on Tuesday, Jewher called the charges against her father “ridiculous,” and completely out of character. While many parents in China hit their children to educate them, Jewher said he father had never hit her and didn't believe violence could solve problems. “How could he advocate violence? He was very moderate, he would try to help people -- he didn't want people to fight.”
A strict but caring father, he would sing and draw with her as a child. A passionate teacher, he would invite students to dine at the family home most weekends, she said, while believing that Uighur students faced discrimination and needed more opportunities in the Chinese education system.
Jewher Ilham testifies at the Congressional-Executive Commission on China on Capitol Hill on April 8, 2014. (SAUL LOEB/AFP/Getty Images)
Before leaving for the United States, Jewher attended a nearby high school close their home, boarding during weekdays and returning home only at weekends, so she could concentrate on her studies and not be disrupted if police paid the family a visit. Still, her father passed by her school to see her most days. If he truly wanted to advocate ethnic hatred, she argued, “why would he let me stay in a Chinese school, where all of my classmates, all of my friends were Han Chinese? He would have sent me back to Xinjiang.”
Similarly, she said, he did not believe separatism was a realistic goal for Xinjiang, and instead wanted to work towards a better relationship between Han and Uighur people, and with other ethnic minorities. Indeed, the fact that  so many people from around the world , as well as many Han Chinese, have condemned his arrest and tried to help, just shows the kind of man he is, she said.
Tohti, now 44, was just 2-years-old when his father died in China’s Cultural Revolution, in circumstances that remain unclear even to the family. Ironically, both of his brothers and their children work as officials in China’s vast public security system in Xinjiang, although they have all come under pressure because of his work, according to an autobiographical essay he wrote in 2011.
Jewher believes she was only allowed to leave for the United States last year because of a police error, and that if she ever returned to China, she would not be allowed to leave again. Her father was not given access to his lawyers until June, and the family prevented from visiting, or even sending in books and photographs. Still, she says, they can have no regrets. “I am very worried about him on the one hand, but I am still proud of him. I still think he was doing the right thing.”
Simon Denyer is The Post’s bureau chief in China. He served previously as bureau chief in India and as a Reuters bureau chief in Washington, India and Pakistan.

So  just how do you design a Bible museumBy Michelle Boorstein September 16 Follow @mboorstein
How in the world do you design a museum that says “Bible”?
Such epic conceptual challenges are daily fare for SmithGroupJJr, the architectural firm doing the eight-story Bible museum being built near the National Mal l . The firm’s many other clients include the International Spy Museum, the National Museum of the American Indian and the under-construction National Museum of African American History and Culture (all in D.C) and the American Cemetery Visitors Center at Omaha Beach in Normandy, France. We spoke with David Greenbaum , SmithGroup’s lead architect on the Bible project, about the project:
Q: What did you think when you first got the call to design a huge Bible museum near the Mall?
A: We were intrigued by it. It’s a tricky thing to put in the nation’s capital. Politics come to mind, especially in a charged environment like this. It was a chance to elevate the stature of the museum and its holdings to be as serious a museum as we could make it. It was incumbent that everyone take this museum very seriously.
The current design for the Bible museum in Washington, D.C. (Image courtesy of SmithGroupJJR architects.)
Q: Why wouldn’t people take it seriously?
A: There’s such a wide demographic in this country of believers and non-believers, that our thought was: If we were scholarly and genuine and put this forth as a serious institution that could stand up to the scholarly intent of the Smithsonian, then [people] would recognize this as an authority on the Bible and could look to this institution as a way to learn what’s there and to be a place for an exchange of ideas. That’s what architecture has to do.
Q: But it’s controversial. Did you debate whether to take the client?
A: It was our challenge to make sure it was seen in the most equal and prominent light. We’d do this for any client.
Q: What were the different ideas for the Bible museum?
A: We started with a series of abstracted icons…They wanted to draw people from the Mall and thought iconography could do that. We talked about how the historic building  was part of the brand. (The museum is being built inside a massive red building created in 1919 as a refrigerated warehouse).
We had three primary ideas, three ways to look at it. Two were linear and one was curved.
A scroll or a Torah was part of [the curved theme]. We looked at aspects of the Sea of Galilee and the Arc. We weren’t trying to be literal. The [U.S. Commission of Fine Arts, which gives guidance on design related to official Washington aesthetic] roundly rejected this
The National  Museum of the American Indian and the African-American museum [had some abstractions] but all of a sudden with this it’s not okay to be abstract.
One was an open Bible, another was to look at a Bible closed. We also tested the idea of a crown, with a vertical fin. Others were composites of looking at a dialogue between the Old and New Testaments.
One of several designs originally proposed for the Bible museum in Washington, D.C. (Image courtesy of SmithGroupJJR architects.)
 
One of several designs originally proposed for the Bible museum in Washington, D.C. (Image courtesy of SmithGroupJJR architects.)
One of several designs originally proposed for the Bible museum in Washington, D.C. (Image courtesy of SmithGroupJJR architects.)
Q: You are adding handmade clay bricks made in Denmark to the existing exterior brick, for design.
A: Yes, the masonry skin has the aspect of overwriting, like scriptural artifacts. Skins they used for writing were so valuable they would rewrite on
them, in layers. And I think that aspect of history and the recording of history seemed like something we could draw on in the museum.
Q: Is doing a Bible museum more sensitive than other topics?
A: With each one we try to seek what is unique about the interpretive message..I don’t know. This is just me speaking. I think to some degree most of the folks here in this area tend to be more liberal so there’s a natural disconnect potentially between them and what would be perceived as the Christian right.
Q: You looked at dozens of images for inspiration. Did they include anything in popular culture?
A: Honestly, no. I think the client is traditional and conservative in their own right. So we’re trying to stretch and see the potential as far as we can.
Michelle Boorstein is the Post’s religion reporter, where she reports on the busy marketplace of American religion.

August market share of Air India at 2-year low; hit by fare warsAugust market share of Air India at 2-year low; hit by fare wars
Roudra Bhattacharya | New Delhi | Updated:  Sep 17 2014, 04:52  IST
Sep 17 2014, 04:52  IST
 

Difficult for new policy to work without cheaper loans  air charter body tells CentreDifficult for new policy to work without cheaper loans, air charter body tells Centre
Roudra Bhattacharya | New Delhi | Published:  Sep 17 2014, 01:05  IST
Sep 17 2014, 01:05  IST
 

SC allows Reliance Power to return Dadri project land to stateE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

US forces to help combat spread of EbolaLast updated: September 16, 2014 11:27 pm
Obama calls for global response to Ebola
By Barney Jopson in Washington and Javier Blas and Mark Odell in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e0448e38-3d78-11e4-8797-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ebola Survivor  Medical Officials Testify Before CongressSPECIAL LIVE COVERAGE FROM ABC NEWS
EXPLORE.ORG: Maya's Puppy Litter
RADAR: Storms Developing in the South
WARNING: VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAMING COVERAGE
LIVE Coverage Calendar

Foreign Holdings of US Treasury Securities DipAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

An Ebola vaccine was given to 10 volunteers  and there are no red flags yetBy Abby Phillip September 16 Follow @abbydphillip
The Clinical Center Building, where the testing on humans with an experimental vaccine to prevent the Ebola virus has begun, at the National Institutes of Health (NIH) in Bethesda, Md. (European Pressphoto Agency/Michael Reynolds)
The first human trial of an Ebola vaccine  has so far produced no adverse effects, according to a National Institutes of Health official.
The comments were made by Anthony Fauci, director of the NIH's Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases when he testified before Congress on the Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa on Tuesday.
"So far 10 of the 20 volunteers have been vaccinated, and thus far there have been no red flags," Fauci said.
The Phase I trial is being conducted at an NIH facility in Bethesda, Md. and is focused on building scientific evidence that the vaccine is safe in humans. It was developed by British drug-maker GlaxoSmithKline in conjunction with the NIH.
The vaccine is based on a chimpanzee cold virus, chimp adenovirus type 3, which is being used as a carrier of pieces of genetic material of two Ebola strains: Sudan and Zaire; the latter is currently causing the massive epidemic in West Africa. The Ebola genetic material in the virus is not able to replicate and poses no harm to the people who receive it.
This process is just the first phase of a multi-step evaluation intended to show that the virus is safe, and that it works in humans. Facui said that this first phase of clinical trials for the vaccine is expected to finish by the end of November or early December. After that, they will launch expanded trials to further prove that the vaccine is safe.
"The proof is in the pudding to show scientifically that it works," Fauci said.
RELATED:

Citys shame in slumsAs per the 2011 census, the BMC has 41.3 per cent slum households and 62% residents live in slums.
Written by Tabassum Barnagarwala | Mumbai | Posted: September 17, 2014 3:12 am
While data from the Centre’s Integrated Child Development Services Scheme till May 2014 reveals that 41,520 children in Mumbai were moderately underweight and 3,125 severely underweight, a September 15 report by Observer Research Foundation shows that on an average, 55% of the children surveyed in two city slums were undernourished and 42.5% had stunted growth. Tabassum Barnagarwala looks at the reasons behind malnutrition in the city’s slums.
Three-year-old Aakash Singh (name changed) weighs a dangerous six kg, way below the normal 14 kg that children of his age are supposed to weigh. Born prematurely at home, he lives under a makeshift shelter off a highway in Ghatkopar (East), with no toilet. Aakash is a classic case of malnutrition. Like him, several children across Mumbai’s urban slums suffer from poor diet, undernourishment and lack of sanitation facilities.
While ICDS reports 15 tribal pockets with high incidence of malnutrition in Maharashtra, the scenario in Mumbai, the country’s financial capital, is no better. According to the World Health Organisation (WHO) estimates, malnutrition is responsible for more than one third of all child deaths globally, although it is rarely listed as the direct cause.
By definition, while malnutrition is a state where one’s regular diet is constantly deprived of essential nutrients, it includes several other aspects like improper sanitation, no toilets, early marriage, poor water supply and dearth in health care facilities. Further, while the word malnutrition might cast a skinny child’s image with bulging eyes, but there is much more to it. A Harvard study by researcher Janina R Galler, in 2013, said that malnutrition makes a person less sociable, less organised and affects his mental health. The ORF report says that 33 per cent children surveyed had headaches, a clinical sign of nutritional deficiency.
The report studied 300 children, aged 2-12 years, from two different kind of slums, including an authorised slum, Mata Ramabai Ambedkar Nagar, and  an unauthorised slum, Indian Oil Nagar.
While an authorised slum is registered and liable to receive amenities like water supply, sanitation and health services, an unauthorised slum, which is in the form of a squatter or resettlement colony, is bereft of even the basic facilities and lags far behind in human development index. As a result, health services have received a major blow in unauthorised slums. In Indian Oil Nagar, for instance, 70 per cent children surveyed were found undernourished and 51 per cent had stunted growth.
Missing toilets and sanitation
As per the 2011 census, the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) has 41.3 per cent slum households, and 62 per cent live  in slums and slum-like habitats. But shockingly, there is an average of one toilet seat per 81 persons in these slums, says ORF’s report.
According to Rachel D’Silva, author of the ORF report, 56.04 per cent slum children, who opted for open defecation, had stunted growth and 69.23 per cent were continued…

Supreme Court wants a law on damages for accidents  deathThe bench said due to lack of legislation, courts dealing with cases of tort claims against the State and its officials were not following a uniform pattern.
Written by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi | Posted: September 17, 2014 3:11 am
The Supreme Court has told the Law Commission to examine the need for a comprehensive law to fix tort liability on government agencies and thus oblige them to award damages in case of accidents.
Torts are civil wrongs recognised by law as ground for a lawsuit. Such a wrong has to be committed by a person or authority which is obligated to exercise a reasonable degree of care and caution. A failure to do so causes someone to suffer loss or harm, resulting in a legal liability to be redressed by awarding damages.
While some countries like the UK, USA and Australia have codified law on torts, recognising civil wrongs as grounds for a lawsuit, India does not have one. Indian courts depend on provisions in a variety of statutes to entertain claims arising in cases of death such as Delhi’s 1997 Uphaar fire tragedy, the1984 Bhopal gas leak, Kolkata’s AMRI hospital fire in 2011 and several such mishaps, including deaths due to collapse of buildings and drowning.
In its judgment, a bench of Justices V Gopala Gowda and Adarsh Kumar Goel said a duty was cast on the statutory authorities and local bodies regarding a degree of care, and hence a person must be compensated by them against losses.
It said that high courts and the Supreme Court were duty-bound to uphold claims arising from loss of life or liberty on account of violation of statutory duties of public authorities and to oblige them to award damages.
“Where activity of a public body is hazardous, highest degree of care is expected and breach of such duty is actionable. This obligation is also referable to Article 21 (right to life and liberty) of the Constitution. We reiterate the need for a comprehensive legislation dealing with tortious liability of the State…in such cases for certainty on the subject,” the judgment read.
“We request the Law Commission to look into the matter and take such steps as may be found necessary,” it said.
The bench said due to lack of legislation, courts dealing with cases of tort claims against the State and its officials were not following a uniform pattern, and it resulted in certain undesirable orders and arbitrary compensation.
The order came as the court rejected appeal against an order of the National Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission (NCDRC), which held Vadodara Municipal Corporation, Oriental Insurance Company and the proprietor of Ripple Aqua Sports guilty of malfeasance.
They had moved SC against an order to pay compensation for the death of 22 people, who drowned in Vadodara’s Sursagar Lake in 1992 during a boat ride. The NCDRC held the corporation and Aqua Sports to be jointly and continued…

Inch towards Miles is Modi mantra as Xi arrives todayPrint
Chinese President Xi Jinping arrives in India on Wednesday.
Written by Shubhajit Roy | New Delhi | Posted: September 17, 2014 3:08 am | Updated: September 17, 2014 11:03 am
As Chinese President Xi Jinping arrives in Ahmedabad on Wednesday — 17 years after he last visited India as a Communist Party functionary — with a bouquet of investment deals aimed at surpassing Japan’s $35 billion commitment, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday set the stage for the bilateral talks, terming it “ Inch towards Miles ”.
Interacting with Chinese journalists based in India, Modi said, “I would like to give a new terminology to my tomorrow’s meeting with the Chinese President. I call it ‘Inch towards Miles’. INCH is ‘India-China’, towards MILES is ‘Millennium of Exceptional Synergy’. I believe that tomorrow’s meeting will mark a happy beginning towards this goal of ‘Inch towards Miles’.”
Apart from the investment deals, sources told The Indian Express, New Delhi wants a stronger commitment from China on the issue of terrorism since Beijing is also battling with incidents of terrorism in its western parts — in Xinjiang province.
With recent incidents in Tiananmen Square, Beijing and Taiyuan, China too is emerging as a casualty although with a much lower level of collateral damage when compared with India. A common thread for both countries is terrorism with radical Islamic leanings, which finds safe havens at a number of locations in South Asia and beyond.
While China needs to fully comprehend the damage potential of religious extremism emanating from Pakistan, New Delhi’s negotiators are trying to impress upon them about the need to use Beijing’s close military links and aid to Pakistan’s military and intelligence agencies to curb terrorist elements.
Sources said that while New Delhi feels that China, with its strong influence over Pakistan’s leadership and military, can exercise useful leverage in controlling religious extremism, it is mindful of Beijing’s approach towards Islamabad and Rawalpindi.
So, the joint paragraph being negotiated by both Indian and Chinese interlocutors is expected to make a formulation that the two sides will not allow their territories to be used for activities against the other — without mentioning Pakistan. Sources said a stronger denouncement of terrorism, along with possibilities of cooperation under the rubric of Russia-India-China trilateral mechanism, is expected to figure in the discussions as well as the joint document.
Modi is also likely to gift a copy of the Gita to the Chinese President, talk about Buddhism values and make a bid for peace in the region.
When asked by the Chinese media about Xi’s initiative to revive the maritime silk route, Modi said, “I believe that the re-emergence of the natural trading routes would make a major contribution to building a prosperous Asia in this century.” He said the ancient silk and spice routes promoted the exchange of ideas, cultures, art, religion and spiritualism.
On the unresolved issue of border dispute, Modi talked about strengthening “our strategic communication”, a theme mentioned during the meeting between the two leaders in Brazil on the sidelines of the BRICS summit, and about continued…

Sheilas loaded question: why spare Delhi  MP GovernorsDikshit said a bureaucrat in the central government had asked her to tender her resignation.
Written by Aniruddha Ghosal | New Delhi | Posted: September 17, 2014 3:07 am
Questioning the NDA government’s removal of Governors, former Delhi Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit said she did not understand why some UPA-appointed Governors, like in Delhi and Madhya Pradesh, have been allowed to continue while others have been shown the door.
“Certain Governors appointed by the previous government were asked to step down, but others like the Governors of Madhya Pradesh and Delhi have been allowed to continue. I don’t understand the reason for this discrimination,” Dikshit told The Indian Express on Tuesday. She resigned as Kerala Governor last month, after spending less than six months in office.
Delhi Lieutenant-Governor Najeeb Jung took charge on July 9, 2013 while MP Governor Ram Naresh Yadav was appointed on September 8, 2011.
Dikshit described the Modi government’s decision to ask UPA-appointed Governors to step down as “selective humiliation”. “This is a constitutional post. Why do you want to humiliate the position? Governors have been treated selectively — some very badly… Forcing them to resign through transfers and supposed punishment postings,” she said.
Dikshit said a bureaucrat in the central government had asked her to tender her resignation. “You are picked to be the Governor. This is not something one can apply for. You are the first citizen of the state, not involved in any kind of controversy. Why this kind of humiliation of the position by a newly-elected government?” she said.
Referring to the Centre’s decision to transfer out-of-favour Governors to the Northeast, Dikshit said, “This sends a very wrong signal. The Northeast is as much a part of India as any other region.”
Challenging the “selective” expulsion of UPA-appointed Governors, Dikshit said the government may as well bring in a legislation. “Why this drama of asking some Governors to resign. This is a post with dignity and there was no need for controversy. Maybe it is time for the government to bring in a legislation that makes it mandatory for Governors to resign when the central government changes,” she said.

I am what I am  says sprinter Dutee  refuses hormone therapyPrint
100-m junior national champion tested for excess androgen.
Written by Vinayak Bhushan Padmadeo | New Delhi | Posted: September 17, 2014 3:01 am | Updated: September 17, 2014 12:02 pm
Sprinter Dutee Chand, who had tested for excess androgen that made her ineligible to compete in the women’s category, has refused to undergo hormone therapy or any surgical intervention, saying she always competed the way she was and would not like to change that.
“I won’t undergo surgery or any other procedure. At every level of my life — junior, sub-junior or Under-20 — I have competed the way I am. I’ve been told the hormonal issue with me is natural so that’s why we have decided this,” Dutee told The Indian Express.
The 18-year-old sprinter, who was dropped from the last Commonwealth Games because of her condition, recently started training in Patiala.
Backing Dutee, who is the 100m junior national champion, the Sports Authority of India (SAI) is in the process of consulting lawyers ahead of filing a motion in the Court of Arbitration in Sports (CAS) in Lausanne, Switzerland. The motion will try and get overturned the 2011 guidelines of the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) that regulate the eligibility of women with hyper androgenism by advising them hormone therapy and, in some cases, surgery. South African Olympic medallist Caster Semenya too had to undergo treatment before she was allowed to compete again.
The motion, if successful, will be a landmark case, challenging the prevalent practice of “bringing the testosterone levels within permissible limits”.
SAI has taken upon itself to ensure that the young athlete gets back on track soon. “The Sports Minister has given the assurance to Parliament that we will support the girl to an extent. We are trying our best to see that she is taken back,” SAI Director General Jiji Thomson said.
Before Dutee came to the decision of avoiding medical intervention, she was made aware of the consequences of the therapy by Dr Payoshini Mitra, a researcher and activist dealing with gender issues in sport.
“It is a unique case since the hyper androgensim guidelines came out in 2011 where some sort of intervention could be possible from people like me who understand that this policy is discriminatory and harmful for young athletes like Dutee. So even before the system — the sports federation of the country or the IAAF — could test or ask the athlete to get some medical intervention, we could step in and say that you must first understand the consequences of these medical interventions and then decide what you want. So she was very lucky,” Dr Mitra said.
According to her, the argument against these guidelines, and one that the lawyers may raise in Lausanne, is fairly simple: The regulations aim at lowering testosterone regardless of athletes’ health, symptoms, and fertility goals conflicts with the medical treatment of hyper androgenism and that the policies that regulate hyper androgenism in women athletes are not in keeping with best ethical practices.
Before approaching CAS, Dutee has to file an appeal with the Athletics Federation continued…

View from the left: In cahootsPrint
Written by Ruhi Tewari | Posted: September 17, 2014 3:01 am
Discussing the Saradha chit fund scam in West Bengal, the CPM’s People’s Democracy has claimed that the “ruling Trinamool Congress party in the state and many of its prominent leaders are involved neck deep in this conspiracy.”
“For over three years now, the CPM has been actively demanding the intervention of Central investigative agencies to unearth the scam, identify the culprits and to bring them to book in accordance with the law of the land… It is now clear why the TMC government refused such an investigation. It was precisely because it wanted to hush up this scam and, instead of confiscating the properties of the scamsters, decided to nominally compensate some of the victims, financing this through the state exchequer,” claims the editorial.
The editorial also alleges that the TMC is “whipping up communal passions hoping to garner the support of the minorities”, as it fears the Left’s resurgence.
Selling the silver
Claiming that “the entire dispensation” under Prime Minister Narendra Modi “is committed to serve the corporate capital”, the CPI’s NewAge says the government has done little to solve problems of the common man, like price rise.
“During the first hundred days, Modi may have disappointed even his staunchest supporters as they had expected some symbolic gestures to curb price rise and corruption. But Modi does not believe in such niceties. His government has stopped even mentioning the hardships faced by the people due to continuous rise in the prices of all essential commodities,” an editorial says.
“The previous government, in its interim budget, had made provisions for disinvestment of profit-making PSUs to meet the growing fiscal deficit. The present government is also following the same policy as the fiscal deficit is bound to be more than 4.1 per cent of the GDP. It is nothing but selling the household silver to keep the fire alive in the kitchen,” NewAge says.
J&K calamity
Terming the floods in Jammu and Kashmir as “the worst in living memory”, the CPI(ML)’s ML Update has said that the region is “facing a massive humanitarian crisis, with people stranded without food, potable water and shelter, and thousands having lost their homes, property and means of livelihood.”
“Not long ago, Uttarakhand also suffered a terrible calamity. It seems that governments refuse to learn the bitter lessons taught by such calamities. In J&K, as in Uttarakhand, it is apparent that reckless urbanisation fuelled by a tourism economy, with scant regard for the fragile ecosystem, have contributed in great measure to the scale and magnitude of the disaster. Moreover, in spite of a string of similar disasters, governments have refused to put in place early warning and evacuation systems,” an editorial says.
“Delays and inadequacy in relief, failure to reach the worst affected, breakdown of basic services including medical services and food and water as well as communications, have resulted in a desperate situation,” it claims.
“The calamity of the Kashmir floods must indeed take centrestage now. And every effort should be made so that the floods wash out the jingoism and muscle-flexing between India, Pakistan and continued…

Sewage treatment plant turns into citys largest gardenThe ‘prism’ in the park under which rows of seasonal plants such as begonias have been planted. (Source: Express photo by Dilip Kagda)
Written by Anjali Lukose | Mumbai | Posted: September 17, 2014 2:58 am
Commuters will no longer have to turn their nose away while the local train passes by Dadar as a erstwhile sewage treatment plant (STP) plot at Dadar has made way for the city’s largest garden.
Flanked by the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation’s (BMC’s) sewerage operations (SO) and storm water drains department building on either side and railway tracks behind its rear side, the 14-acre park now has ponds with lillies and lotuses and is home to around 2.5 lakh trees of 180 species.
The main entrance, currently completely hidden by fish trucks and buses parked along the Senapati Bapat Marg, reveals the garden’s name as “Pramod Mahajan Kala Park”. The park, whose inauguration will now be stalled till after the elections, will be handed over to the BMC’s garden department for maintenance.
“Not long ago, the ponds were used as primary sediment tanks. We decided to use the pits that already existed as well as retain all the trees in the complex as part of the garden project,” said a senior official from the BMC’s sewerage operations department.
Besides saving the pre-existing 100-plus trees, the SO department has converted a huge sewage digester plant into a ziggurat-inspired garden structure.
The top of the digester, where gas was produced from the sewage, was demolished and the pit filled for a lawn and plants all around the steps and ramped ziggurat structure. Three primary sediment tanks were converted into ponds, with one housing a population of fishes and turtles, an official pointed out.
The fourth tank is used for rainwater harvesting pond with a fountain.
Although the STP was officially shut down in 1999, the 14-acre plot was in a state of disuse and was “smelly”, said another official.
It took the sewerage operations department seven years to convert the plot into a garden. “Once the plant was shut down, the plot was used to dump silt. There were also a few squatters on the plot. We decided to revamp it and create a green space in central Mumbai. It is perhaps the first time SO department has created a garden,” said a senior official from the SO department.
In another part of the garden is a poly carbonate structure “prism” under which rows of seasonal plants such as begonias have been planted. “In a few months, none of the pots will be visible as the greenery around it will hide them and only the multi-coloured shade-loving varieties will be visible,” said the horticulturist there. This area earlier housed aeration tanks.
The flower beds outside the prism were the drying beds for the sludge, where manure was produced.
The entire project, including two six-floor buildings and the garden, cost the SO  department around Rs 29.5 crore. The only continued…

The fed began its two-day policy meeting on tuesday  and the central b...Gold Member
12 Followers
The Fed began its two-day policy meeting on Tuesday, and the central bank has said it wouldn`t raise rates for a "considerable time." Many investors interpreted that as mid-2015
3.30 AM Sep 17th  | Track

No fed rate cut. enjoy the ride now. .New Member
10 Followers
Strong Buy. Country Club  has huge strength it will grow in multiple within one to two yrs. Buy & Hold. Buy on cash & delivery basis with own money and not on margin. Govt. is focus on tourism Sector.
10.02 AM Sep 17th

You r right bhai previously when shorted it consumed lot of my hard e...Silver Member
97 Followers
crack on cards to 270-260 levels within 7 market days. - My target for Arvind is Rs 270 for the short term with a stoploss of Rs 316
12.40 AM Sep 17th

Markets to open over 8000 a gap up and hopefully we can see majority o...Silver Member
14 Followers
markets to open over 8000 a gap up and hopefully we can see majority of the losses in our portfolios getting erased as we move to the fag end....the us fed looks like will not raise rates for the time being...
3.28 AM Sep 17th  | Track

Updates: ComEd agrees meters switched; Potbelly pays for car...0
The utility told Camacho that he actually owed slightly more after the bills were refigured, in part because the other apartment was vacant for much of last year, Camacho said.
"As a courtesy to Mr. Camacho we have decided not to bill him for the additional amount owed," Johnson said.
Camacho said he was impressed with ComEd's response, but wished the utility had examined his meter months earlier, when he first started complaining.
"I think that's the main thing behind all of this anyway, to have these corporations be responsible for what they do," he said. "If you're not getting help from their customer service, you have no recourse."
Potbelly pays: The news was a bit brighter for Paul Stone, who has received full payment from Potbelly for his damaged car.
Stone, featured in the Aug. 5 column, was driving past one of the sandwich chain's restaurants, on the Near West Side, in July when a gust of wind lifted an outdoor table umbrella and blew it into his car. A body shop estimated that the repairs would cost $1,186.11.
The restaurant's manager promised to pay for the damage, but Potbelly's insurer, State Auto, rejected the claim, calling the accident an "act of God."
When Stone tried to get in touch with Potbelly's corporate offices, no one called back, he said.
After the Problem Solver contacted Potbelly, it agreed to pay Stone for the repairs. The Kenilworth resident said the check arrived Thursday.
"I just received full compensation from Potbelly," an elated Stone said in an email.

Chinese intrude into Ladakh  build permanent structuresEYE BROWSE
Chinese army intrudes into Ladakh ahead of Xi's visit
The reports of Chinese army encroaching into the Indian territory and 'building permanent structures' come ahead of President Xi Jinping's visit.
Yahoo India –  Tue 16 Sep, 2014
Print
LEH (Jammu & Kashmir): The Chinese army is encroaching into the Indian territory and 'building permanent structures' on the Indian side of Line of Actual Control (LAC), CNN IBN reports.
Thupstan Chewang, a Bharatiya Janata Party MP from Ladakh, said Prime Minister Narendra Modi should raise the issue with his Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping when he arrives on Wednesday in the Indian capital for talks.
The District Magistrate of Leh, Simrandeep Singh Gill, too confirmed reports on Monday of Chinese incursions into Indian territory.
"It's been a week that China is protesting against one NREGA irrigation canal being constructed in Demchok," Gill said.
"For the past week, the Chinese Army is facing off our army, their civilians are facing off our civilians. This time Chinese civilians have come to oppose the work on the dam and are showing us banners. Situation remains tense," Gill added.
Last week, there were reports that some Chinese troops intruded 500 meters deep into Indian territory and put up tents, thereby, escalating tensions ahead of Chinese President Xi Jinping's upcoming visit to India.
The Chinese troops had in August this year reportedly entered almost 25 kms in the area of Burtse in Ladakh. (With inputs from agencies)
Recommend

Caps Copley ready for first professional seasonBy Alex Prewitt September 16 Follow @alex_prewitt
(Courtesy South Carolina Stingrays)
As the joke around Kettler Capitals Iceplex goes, goaltending coach Steve Shields created someone in his own image, so out popped Pheonix Copley. One of the many pupils spread across the nation who learned from Mitch Korn, Shields had taught Copley at Michigan Tech, and before long Copley was passed down to the tree’s root, who saw the similarities immediately.
“I watch him, I see Shields mannerisms,” Korn said. “He talks a little like Steve. And because Michigan Tech and the University of Michigan have similar colors, it almost looks like it’s Steve Shields in the Michigan equipment again.”
They handle the puck like each other. They catch pucks like each other. They skate with the same persona, fiercely competitive on the ice yet laid back off it.
“They’re very, very similar,” Korn said. “One big difference: When Steve Shields turned pro, he was 20 pounds overweight and had like a 20 percent body fat. And Copley’s body fat is like 4.5 percent. That part of is very different. But I will say Steve learned from his ways and helped Pheonix quite a bit.”
And so Copley, 22, came to Capitals rookie camp, fresh off a stint at Capitals development camp , in prime position to help his professional hockey career by impressing the bosses who make those decisions. He only played three games in the ECHL last season after signing with Washington as a college free agent, but thanks to two goaltending injuries on the organizational depth chart, a move to Hershey might be in Copley’s future.
“We have had that conversation many, many times in the last month,” Korn said. “There’s pros and cons for everything. When you gain a benefit from one, sometimes you create a negative in another area. We’re wrestling with that now, and it’s very possible that the way they play or how we finally find out the injury situations and the recovery situations of the two goalies may dictate that before we even start.”
Those two goalies would be Edward Pasauqle, who was acquired on the second day of the NHL draft, presumably to back up Philipp Grubauer in Hershey, and Brandon Anderson, who has played 55 ECHL games over the past two seasons. But both have dealt with hip injuries lately, and Pasquale’s might keep him sidelined into training camp.
“We just want to make sure they’re ready to go,” Coach Barry Trotz said Monday. “We’ll just be real cautious. If one of them, or two of them can’t go, we may look at bringing another guy just for a few days, for health purposes. I think Pasquale will probably miss a good part of the start of camp, for sure.”
Copley spent only two seasons at Michigan Tech, bettering his goals-against average by 0.71 from 2012-13 to 2013-14, and his save percentage rose by 11 points. The biggest challenge for him, Korn said, will be adjusting to the demands of professional hockey, since Copley hasn’t logged more than 30 games in a single season since playing in the North American Hockey League’s Corpus Christi IceRays in 2010-11.
Korn didn’t rule out the possibility of frequently swapping Copley and Pasquale, given that goaltending coach Scott Murray will be stationed in Hershey. For instance, one could receive No. 1 minutes in South Carolina for several weeks while the other gets personalized training from Murray as a backup in Hershey. Then they flip.
“If he’s in Hershey, he may play less, but Scotty Murray’s there, he will get trained more,” Korn said. ‘If he’s in South Carolina, he will play more but probably get trained less, so it’s a balancing act. And that doesn’t mean we don’t move him in and out for that. There’s a lot of moving parts. Health of all goalies will have an impact as well.”
For Copley, none of that seemed much on his mind.
“My job is to stop the puck, work hard wherever I’m at,” he said. “Right now I’m not sure. I’m just going to do my job and wherever they put me, it’s stop the puck.”
Eventually, though, he allowed something more.
“Obviously you want to play up, that’s how you develop and get better,” he said. “I want to play up. That’s how I feel I get better and grow as a goalie.”
Alex Prewitt covers the Washington Capitals. Follow him on Twitter @alex_prewitt or email him at alex.prewitt@washpost.com .

Narendra Modi s homecoming in Gujarat dampened by reverses faced by BJP in bypollsComments
It was billed as Narendra Modi's big 'homecoming', the first time he would return to the state after taking over as Prime a Minister, a day before hosting the Chinese President Xi Jinping. The PM arrived, and rituals were followed, but reverses in the by polls had quite perceptibly dampened the mood.
And it was perhaps to show the big picture and motivate his workers that Modi began his speech, during a public felicitation programme, by speaking of the massive strides BJP has made. Modi said, "BJP's speciality is its organisational strength and hardwork and sincerity of workers. Could anyone imagine that a party with two MPs in 1984, a party whose top leaders had lost, which the ruling party mocked, would come to power with a full majority?"
He also sought to personally reach out to workers by telling them that he may be PM but for them he was the old Narendrabhai. Modi spoke in Gujarati at the two events he addressed on Tuesday.
There was no mention of the by polls, except when the six MLA winners and one MP winner were honored on the stage. But the setback - BJP lost three assembly seats it had previously held - hung as a shadow. As an Ahmebadad MLA told HT during the event, "We had won one of these seats by 38,000 votes in 2012. Such a quick reversal is something for us to introspect about."
To remind workers about the scale of victory, Modi stayed with the theme of the government enjoying a full majority and its benefits through his speech. "A majority is not only about what you can do or not do in parliament, about how easily you can form the government or take decisions. There is an impact of decisions taken by a government with full majority." The Chinese president, he said, is coming to Gujarat not because of Modi. "He is coming because of the decision of 125 crore Indians to give a full majority. Hiuen Tsang had come 1400 years ago and it is for the first time that a Chinese leader of such stature is coming to Gujarat." Incidentally, Wednesday, when Xi arrives, also happens to be the PM's birthday and he is scheduled to visit his mother to seek her blessings, but has urged well wishers not to celebrate it. 
Modi underlined the importance of the federal structure, and spoke of empowering all states irrespective of who was in power there. At an earlier event soon after being welcomed at the airport, he had claimed that his experience in Gujarat as CM had helped him transition in Delhi. "One reason why Chinese president is coming here is to show world leaders states and cities outside Delhi and showcase India's diversity."
To quell any possible criticism of the Gujarat government in light of the poll reverses, Modi underlined his support for chief minister Anandiben Patel. "I had said earlier that Modi's success is not when he will be here but if despite him not being here, Gujarat is moving ahead. I am coming after four months. And Gujarat is moving ahead at the same pace for people's welfare and development. And it is because of all you, of the team, of the organisation." Modi also spoke of being a 'small man', who cared about ordinary citizens.
The PM, Amit Shah - who too was felicitated, and CM Patel also spoke of the government's achievements so far, with Shah claiming that Modi's visit to Jammu and Kashmir after the floors had shown him to be a 'sensitive' leader.
While Tuesday was dominated by politics and party celebrations, and a dinner hosted by the CM for the PM, the state government continued its other preparations for President Xi's visit on Wednesday. The city continues to decked up, and sources said that all arrangements were complete now.

Rare respiratory illness has spread to a dozen statesBy Mark Berman September 16 Follow @markberman
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta. (David Goldman/AP)
The rare respiratory illness affecting children has now been confirmed in a dozen states, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported Tuesday.
The two newest states with confirmed cases: Oklahoma and Pennsylvania, which join a growing roster of states  that officially have cases of enterovirus 68, a rare virus strain that can cause severe breathing problems.
Hospitals around the country are seeing an increase in the number of children dealing with respiratory illnesses. Testing has shown that many of these children are suffering from this enterovirus strain. Enteroviruses are quite common, causing between 10 million and 15 million infections each year, but this particular strain has not appeared very often since it was first isolated in California in 1962.
So far, the other states with confirmed cases are Alabama, Colorado, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Missouri and New York. There have been 130 confirmed cases, the CDC says, but the number of actual cases is likely much higher.
Public health officials continue to warn that other states are presumably going to join this list , with cases expected to be confirmed in other places where there have been clusters of children suffering from respiratory illnesses. There are suspected cases in Georgia and Michigan. At least two other states — Ohio and Utah — have no confirmed cases yet, but health officials have told The Post they suspect that they have cases of the virus.
The CDC expects that the number of infections is going to drop later in the year. Most enterovirus infections in the United States occur in the summer and fall, so these infections are coming at a typical time for enteroviruses, Anne Schuchat, director of the CDC’s National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases, told reporters.
Only children have been confirmed to have the virus so far, as they lack the immunity that comes from being exposed to a disease, according to the CDC. The virus spreads when an infected person coughs or sneezes. (There is no vaccine, so health officials encourage people to follow the usual common-sense guidelines: Wash your hands, avoid excessive contact with sick people, that sort of thing. Here’s the advice in infographic form.)
As for why it is taking so long to confirm all of the places seeing this virus, that stems from issues with the testing that is required. Health officials say testing for this particular strain can only be done by the CDC and at a certain number of other laboratories. States are sending their specimens to the CDC for testing, which has created a backlog.
Still, even as the number of states with confirmed cases rises, it’s important to remember that these confirmations don’t necessarily mean the virus has suddenly cropped up in these places without warning. Some states told us after submitting specimens to the CDC for testing that they expected it could take weeks to hear results.
And cases may be confirmed after the number of afflicted children seeking treatment has decreased. Consider Children’s Mercy Hospital in Kansas City, Mo., which reported treating nearly 500 children for respiratory illnesses since last month. Mary Anne Jackson, director of the hospital’s infectious diseases division, said she believes between 70 and 90 percent of these children had the rare strain.
Jackson said that the number of children coming in with respiratory illnesses peaked during the latter third of August. “We really were inundated with cases at that point,” she said. The daily number of cases began declining in September.
She said there is no need for public panic, because most illnesses relating to this strain will be akin to a common cold. But as Jackson pointed out, it is still likely the number of states with cases will increase.
“The way this virus spreads, kid to kid, it’s likely if it’s in 12 states it will be in more than 12 states over the next several weeks,” she said last week.
 
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He runs Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.

India-China ties: Crouching dragon  hidden tigerComments
India and China are unlikely to play up differences over their disputed border and will instead focus on boosting economic ties to give a new direction to relations between two of Asia's largest economies during Chinese President Xi Jinping's visit beginning Wednesday. Here's a look at the highs and lows in ties between the neighbours:

Bill Clintons latest Israel bashingBy Jennifer Rubin September 16 Follow @JRubinBlogger
Bill Clinton was caught off mike in Iowa this weekend “agreeing that the [Israeli] prime minister [Benjamin Netanyahu] was ‘not the man’ to make peace with Palestinians — a position at odds with his wife’s pro-Israel stance, a new report said Monday. Clinton’s spontaneous comments came during an impromptu conversation with pro-Palestinian activists after he and Hillary spent the day at a political event in Iowa on Sunday.” This is part of a pattern for Bill Clinton   – “blaming the Israeli prime minister for the lack of progress toward peace with the Palestinians.” What do we learn from this?
Former secretary of state Hillary Clinton holds hands with her husband former president Bill Clinton at the 37th Harkin Steak Fry in Iowa. (Jim Young/Reuters)
1. Democrats in private seem always to bash our ally Israel and never to criticize the Palestinians. If you believe what people say in private or off-script is more revealing of their real thinking, then you can conclude an anti-Israel bias is now a sort of sign of solidarity among Democrats. At the State Department, as we have seen from John Kerry’s utterances and the Israel bashing from negotiator Martin Indyk , it’s par for the course.
2. Bill Clinton still plays loose with the facts. He opined that “don’t forget, both [former Palestinian leader Yasser] Arafat and [Palestinian President Mahmoud] Abbas later tried to say they would take [the Camp David deal]. They said, ‘We changed our minds, we want it now.’ But by then, they had a government that wouldn’t give it to them.” This is nonsense. It was Clinton who complained bitterly to the incoming Bush administration that Arafat was a snake in the grass and not to be trusted. He of course initiated the intifada, which was Arafat’s real response to the attempt to broker peace. As for Abbas, he was given an even better deal by Prime Minister Ehud Olmert and turned it down. Netanyahu in 2013 , of course, confirmed Israel’s willingness to recognize a Palestinian state. Abbas has never agreed to recognize a Jewish state and give up the so-called right of return. Why does Clinton feel the need to embellish history to make Israel look bad?
3. This does complicate Hillary Clinton’s charm offensive with Israel. She’d like us to believe she’s not like President Obama when it comes to Israel, however relations reached a nadir under the Obama-Clinton administration, and she certainly took to slamming Israel in public for starting housing within existing Jewish neighborhoods.
4. If Bill Clinton is going to keep up the chatter during the presidency, voters may well attribute his comments — and ignorance — to Hillary Clinton or, worse, be reminded that his presence hovering in the White House would make for a whole lot of awkward moments.
5. The same pro-Israel liberals who would defend both Bill and Hillary Clinton also vouched for Obama’s pro-Israel sentiments. In public, Hillary Clinton, like Obama, will recite her pro-Israel credentials, but her words and action in public are more revealing; like so many other Democrats she tends to view Israel as an irritant. (Oh, and those same liberals will vote for her no matter what she says; Israel isn’t high on their priority list as we saw when they helped reelect Obama in 2012.
As with defense spending, the war against the Islamic State and a more muscular foreign policy, when it comes to Israel the Democratic Party is going to be pushing against even a president to the right of Obama. He or she will be swimming upstream against a party that has been flowing away from Israel for decades. In the GOP, the dynamic is reversed. The base, especially in light of events during the Obama years, is going to be weighing in on the side of Israel and for a more robust response toward terrorists. These things make a difference.
Jennifer Rubin writes the Right Turn blog for The Post, offering reported opinion from a conservative perspective.

Premiums  fuel price squeeze diesel car salesPremiums  fuel price squeeze diesel car sales
Bypolls: Projecting Adityanath proved counter-productive for BJPprint
Tuesday’s by-poll results have thrown up more questions than answers.
While many were quick to debunk Narendra Modi government’s achhe din claims, there was no easy answer to the ineluctable follow-up question: was the SP’s success a verdict on Akhilesh Yadav government’s performance? Not many would vouch for it though.
Similarly, there was no easy explanation for the ruling BJP’s dismal show in Rajasthan just over 100 days after it swept the Lok Sabha polls.
And that, too, when a pro-active Vasundhara  Raje government, embarking on a spate of economic and labour reforms,  looked well-ensconced as against the demoralised, faction-ridden Congress.
Read: Assembly bypolls: BJP jolted in all, except Bengal
Coming as they did after the BJP’s reverses in assembly by-polls in Uttarakhand in July and in Bihar last month, the latest by-poll results have rather come as a repudiation of BJP patriarch LK Advani’s and RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat’s not-so-veiled assertions denying Modi credit for the party’s unprecedented success in the Lok Sabha polls.
As was evident from the results last May, the OBCs and Dalits had broken ranks with their political patrons -- be it the SP, the BSP, the RJD or the JD(U) -- to vote for the BJP.
The results indicated that this shift in their loyalty was swung by Modi in the limited context of his prime ministerial bid and was not a permanent one towards the BJP.
The BJP may now be compelled to re-visit its strategy in the Hindi heartland. Projecting aggressive Hindutva ideologues like Yogi Adityanath in the forefront and stoking political embers over the alleged ‘love jehad’ has proved to be counter-productive.
Having installed an OBC prime minister, the OBCs now seem to be looking back at their local patrons, be it the RJD in Bihar or the SP in UP.  The BSP’s decision not to contest and rather back Independents also did not bring much dividend to the BJP.
A Bihar-like anti-BJP coalition, though not supported by the BSP for now, could put paid to the BJP’s hopes of replicating Lok Sabha results in 2017 assembly elections in UP.
In Gujarat also, the fact that the Congress managed to wrest 3 out of 9 assembly seats is set to raise questions about Modi’s successor Anandiben Patel’s acumen to carry his baton.
Reverses in these states may have spoilt the party for the BJP in West Bengal where the lotus “blossomed” vindicating Amit Shah’s focus on the state.
There was jubilation in the Congress camp on Tuesday over its performance in Gujarat and Rajasthan.  After the rout in Lok Sabha elections, the party has been in disarray anticipating another drubbing in Maharashtra and Haryana assembly elections.
These by-polls may have brought a glimmer of hope to the grand old party, which seemed to be suffering from policy paralysis with party leadership unable to chart out any future course of action. Only time will tell whether these results would change the leadership’s outlook.
Already, there were whispers about how the Nehru-Gandhi family was not much involved in these by-polls.

Two polls put No camps lead at four points© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1beb09a0-3dcc-11e4-b175-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

View from the left: IncahootsPrint
Written by Ruhi Tewari | Posted: September 17, 2014 3:01 am
Discussing the Saradha chit fund scam in West Bengal, the CPM’s People’s Democracy has claimed that the “ruling Trinamool Congress party in the state and many of its prominent leaders are involved neck deep in this conspiracy.”
“For over three years now, the CPM has been actively demanding the intervention of Central investigative agencies to unearth the scam, identify the culprits and to bring them to book in accordance with the law of the land… It is now clear why the TMC government refused such an investigation. It was precisely because it wanted to hush up this scam and, instead of confiscating the properties of the scamsters, decided to nominally compensate some of the victims, financing this through the state exchequer,” claims the editorial.
The editorial also alleges that the TMC is “whipping up communal passions hoping to garner the support of the minorities”, as it fears the Left’s resurgence.
Selling the silver
Claiming that “the entire dispensation” under Prime Minister Narendra Modi “is committed to serve the corporate capital”, the CPI’s NewAge says the government has done little to solve problems of the common man, like price rise.
“During the first hundred days, Modi may have disappointed even his staunchest supporters as they had expected some symbolic gestures to curb price rise and corruption. But Modi does not believe in such niceties. His government has stopped even mentioning the hardships faced by the people due to continuous rise in the prices of all essential commodities,” an editorial says.
“The previous government, in its interim budget, had made provisions for disinvestment of profit-making PSUs to meet the growing fiscal deficit. The present government is also following the same policy as the fiscal deficit is bound to be more than 4.1 per cent of the GDP. It is nothing but selling the household silver to keep the fire alive in the kitchen,” NewAge says.
J&K calamity
Terming the floods in Jammu and Kashmir as “the worst in living memory”, the CPI(ML)’s ML Update has said that the region is “facing a massive humanitarian crisis, with people stranded without food, potable water and shelter, and thousands having lost their homes, property and means of livelihood.”
“Not long ago, Uttarakhand also suffered a terrible calamity. It seems that governments refuse to learn the bitter lessons taught by such calamities. In J&K, as in Uttarakhand, it is apparent that reckless urbanisation fuelled by a tourism economy, with scant regard for the fragile ecosystem, have contributed in great measure to the scale and magnitude of the disaster. Moreover, in spite of a string of similar disasters, governments have refused to put in place early warning and evacuation systems,” an editorial says.
“Delays and inadequacy in relief, failure to reach the worst affected, breakdown of basic services including medical services and food and water as well as communications, have resulted in a desperate situation,” it claims.
“The calamity of the Kashmir floods must indeed take centrestage now. And every effort should be made so that the floods wash out the jingoism and muscle-flexing between India, Pakistan and continued…

Sewage treatment plant turns into citys largestgardenThe ‘prism’ in the park under which rows of seasonal plants such as begonias have been planted. (Source: Express photo by Dilip Kagda)
Written by Anjali Lukose | Mumbai | Posted: September 17, 2014 2:58 am
Commuters will no longer have to turn their nose away while the local train passes by Dadar as a erstwhile sewage treatment plant (STP) plot at Dadar has made way for the city’s largest garden.
Flanked by the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation’s (BMC’s) sewerage operations (SO) and storm water drains department building on either side and railway tracks behind its rear side, the 14-acre park now has ponds with lillies and lotuses and is home to around 2.5 lakh trees of 180 species.
The main entrance, currently completely hidden by fish trucks and buses parked along the Senapati Bapat Marg, reveals the garden’s name as “Pramod Mahajan Kala Park”. The park, whose inauguration will now be stalled till after the elections, will be handed over to the BMC’s garden department for maintenance.
“Not long ago, the ponds were used as primary sediment tanks. We decided to use the pits that already existed as well as retain all the trees in the complex as part of the garden project,” said a senior official from the BMC’s sewerage operations department.
Besides saving the pre-existing 100-plus trees, the SO department has converted a huge sewage digester plant into a ziggurat-inspired garden structure.
The top of the digester, where gas was produced from the sewage, was demolished and the pit filled for a lawn and plants all around the steps and ramped ziggurat structure. Three primary sediment tanks were converted into ponds, with one housing a population of fishes and turtles, an official pointed out.
The fourth tank is used for rainwater harvesting pond with a fountain.
Although the STP was officially shut down in 1999, the 14-acre plot was in a state of disuse and was “smelly”, said another official.
It took the sewerage operations department seven years to convert the plot into a garden. “Once the plant was shut down, the plot was used to dump silt. There were also a few squatters on the plot. We decided to revamp it and create a green space in central Mumbai. It is perhaps the first time SO department has created a garden,” said a senior official from the SO department.
In another part of the garden is a poly carbonate structure “prism” under which rows of seasonal plants such as begonias have been planted. “In a few months, none of the pots will be visible as the greenery around it will hide them and only the multi-coloured shade-loving varieties will be visible,” said the horticulturist there. This area earlier housed aeration tanks.
The flower beds outside the prism were the drying beds for the sludge, where manure was produced.
The entire project, including two six-floor buildings and the garden, cost the SO  department around Rs 29.5 crore. The only continued…

Cmo puedo pedir una cerveza en griego (INFOGRAFA)Aprende a pedir cerveza en 26 idiomas diferentes (INFOGRAFÍA)
EL HUFFINGTON POST
Email
Comentarios
¿Te gusta la cerveza y la tienes que pedirla allá donde vas? Esto te va a interesar. En la agencia de viajes Hostelworld han preparado una chuleta para que aprendas a pedir una birra en 26 idiomas distintos. No habrá país que se te resista, ni siquiera China.
(Sigue leyendo después de la infografía...)
Y para que puedas hacer amigos en cualquier parte del mundo, aquí tienes cómo decir "¡Salud!" en 32 idiomas.
TAMBIÉN TE PUEDE INTERESAR

El PP de Masnou pide perdn tras tuitear esto sobre Artur MasPrevious Story
Next Story
El PP de Masnou pide perdón tras alentar en Twitter a la violencia contra Artur Mas
EL HUFFINGTON POST
Email
Comentarios
La culpa fue de la informática. El PP del municipio barcelonés de Masnou tuiteó este sábado una imagen en la que se podía ver al presidente de la Generalitat de Cataluña, Artur Mas, rodeado de armas. En el mensaje se leía: "Si Arturo Mas saca las urnas el 9-N, ¿qué método te parece más efectivo para que entre en razón?"
Ese mismo mensaje se publicó también en la cuenta de las Nuevas Generaciones del mismo municipio.
Tras la polémica, el PP de Masnou ha pedido perdón y ha asegurado este domingo que esos tuits se deben a un error. "Pedimos disculpas públicamente. Gestionamos nuestros tweets desde Hootsuite y no vimos el contenido de la fotografía. Muy desafortunado".
Hootsuite es una aplicación que sirve para gestionar redes sociales. El mismo mensaje se ha emitido también desde la cuenta de Nuevas Generaciones de la localidad. Fuentes del PP nacional consultadas por El Huffington Post aseguran desconocer el caso y subrayan que ya se han pedido disculpas.
Pedimos Disculpas Públicamente,gestionamos este tweet desde Hootsuite y no vimos el contenido de la fotografía.El origen no es nuestro
— PPC MASNOU (@PPCMasnou) septiembre 14, 2014
Pedimos Disculpas Públicamente,gestionamos nuestros tweets desde Hootsuite y no vimos el contenido de la fotografía.Muy desafortunado!!!
— NNGG_MASNOU (@NNGG_MASNOU) septiembre 14, 2014
Después, la cuenta de Twitter de Hootsuite ha precisado que la aplicación "no crea ni envía contenido automático, y tiene sistemas para evitar el envío accidental".
@egel71 Hootsuite no crea ni envía contenido automático, y tiene sistemas para evitar el envío accidental. http://t.co/uJ2D8LgZXz ^IR
— Hootsuite España (@HootsuiteES) septiembre 14, 2014
Ante eso, el PP de Masnou ha aclarado que "no es un error de Hootsuite".
Reiteramos nuestras Disculpas!! en cuanto a Hootsuite solo hemos comentado que editamos sin ver la foto.No es un error de @hootsuite
— PPC MASNOU (@PPCMasnou) septiembre 14, 2014
Close

Esta es una de las bromas ms pesadas y crueles que has visto (VDEO)Esta es una de las bromas más pesadas y crueles que has visto (VÍDEO)
EL HUFFINGTON POST
Email
Comentarios
Es, seguramente, una de las bromas más pesadas y crueles que se pueden ver. Imagina que, de pronto, te despiertas en una bañera y que a tu lado, encima del retrete, está colocado uno de tu riñones, que te acaban de extirpar. Cuando intentas comprobar qué es lo que pasa, aparece un médico dispuesto a ponerte una inyección.
Todo eso lo que le hicieron creer al joven del vídeo. Un amigo le gasta una broma como venganza a una anterior en la que le hicieron creer que su novia se había suicidado tirándose por la ventana. Para que las cosas no se quedaran así, puso unas pastillas en la bebida de su amigo, que se quedó dormido.
Cuando despertó y se vio en esa tesitura, el pánico se apoderó de él porque, además, el día anterior había visto unas falsas noticias en las que alertaban de que estaban proliferando este tipo de situaciones.
La broma está siendo un éxito en Internet y lleva cerca de seis millones de reproducciones en cuatro días. Los autores del vídeo son los checos Viral Brothers, que ya se han hecho famosos por sus horribles bromas.
Close
Las bromas de viral brothers
de

Ha ha my prakash const is up by 5 % ..... now see mp u turn today ...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Depends on which worldcup... cricket football in any case  a lot of...Platinum Member
88 Followers
Me too subscribe to your contention. It is being aired that Modi mazic has lost pace. I wud say Indian Voters are much more matured & experienced now than ever before. They made distinction between Assembly poll and Parliament Poll. Public is much more concerned to find out who can provide a good Govt. and started rejecting cast & religion based politics. In the days to come this wud further be consolidated. Till now actions taken by Modi Govt. to bring the economy back on rail is marvalous. All International agencies accepted it. Present correction is a normal one which is also confirmed by the latest F&O premium. This huge premium says sellers are hedging big way expecting bounce back anytime. Its a bull market correction and wud last for short span.
8.52 PM Sep 16th

No fed rate cut so reversal any time " the fed began its two-day pol...Platinum Member
311 Followers
no fed rate cut   so reversal any time " The Fed began its two-day policy meeting on Tuesday, and while it has said it doesn`t expect to raise rates until 2015"
3.32 AM Sep 17th  | Track

Discuss: Nats-BravesBy Adam Kilgore September 8 Follow @adamkilgorewp
(Photo by Jeff Gross/Getty Images)
After the Nationals won 14 of Doug Fister’s 17 starts, he has taken the loss in three straight outings, allowing 11 earned runs and five homers over 16 2/3 innings. With the playoffs potentially around the corner, Fister could scuttle any questions with a strong performance against the Braves. He’ll face left-hander Mike Minor, who has a 4.79 ERA since the all-star break. Talk about the game right here.
Adam Kilgore covers the Nationals for The Washington Post.

US alarmed by prospect of Scottish YesUS alarmed by prospect of Scottish ‘Yes’ in independence vote
By Robin Harding, Richard McGregor and Geoff Dyer in Washington
A Yes vote for independence would be an economic mistake for Scotland and a geopolitical disaster for the west, senior US figures – including Alan Greenspan – tell the Financial Times as Washington wakes up to the chance that its closest ally could break up this week.
Having assumed for months that No would win comfortably, Washington has reacted with alarm to opinion polls showing that Thursday’s referendum is going down to the wire. “We have an interest in seeing the UK remain strong, robust and united,” said Josh Earnest, the White House spokesman.
Mr Greenspan , former chairman of the US Federal Reserve, said the economic consequences of independence would be “surprisingly negative for Scotland, more so than the Nationalist party is in any way communicating”.
More
BoE probes money auction rigging fears
“Their [nationalist] forecasts are so implausible they really should be dismissed out of hand,” said the normally circumspect Mr Greenspan, noting the pace of decline in North Sea oil production.
Despite Nationalist claims to the contrary, he said there was no chance of London agreeing to a currency union. Differing fiscal policies would also cause any Scottish attempt at using the pound regardless to “break apart very quickly”.
“There’s no conceivable, credible way the Bank of England is going to sit there as a lender of last resort to a new Scotland,” said Mr Greenspan.
Many US officials combine ancestral roots in Scotland and knowledge of the Scottish Enlightenment’s influence on the US constitution with strong emotional ties to the UK, an ally the US has fought alongside for 100 years.
“Like many Americans, and given that my name is Robert Bruce, I have an admiration for the Scots, their heritage, and their role in US and world history,” said Robert Zoellick, the former deputy secretary of state and World Bank president.
“But a break-up of the UK would be a diminution of Britain and a tragedy for the west just at a moment when the US needs strong partners. I strongly suspect it would not work out well for the Scots either.”
Senator John McCain, a former Republican presidential candidate who regards the UK as Washington’s most important military and intelligence partner, said he was reluctant to comment on an internal issue in another country.
“But I don’t see how it could be helpful, not just as far as intelligence ties are concerned, but to the unique military relationship as well,” he said.
The US is especially worried that a Scottish Yes vote could increase the chances that the rest of the UK might vote to leave the EU, which US officials believe would make Britain a much less potent partner.
“That is our nightmare – Scottish independence followed by a British exit from the EU,” said a senior administration official.
Another big issue for the US would be the uncertainty surrounding the future of Britain’s nuclear deterrent in the event of Scotland becoming independent.
The US would like Britain to remain a nuclear power, but some officials worry about the ability of a smaller UK to sustain other conventional forces, while also paying for the nuclear weapons.
Foreign policy thinkers also fear that a Scottish Yes vote would embolden Russia – especially in Ukraine – even as it weakened the UK and thus Europe’s ability to mount a united response.
“Russia could argue that separatist movements are actually perfectly legitimate, whether in Crimea or eastern Ukraine,” said Ivo Daalder , former US ambassador to Nato and now president of the Chicago Council on Global Affairs. “Of course, a democratic process that takes two years is not the same as an annexation and a fake referendum.”
Related Topics

Glasenberg ponders Glencores next moveIvan Glasenberg ponders Glencore’s next move
By James Wilson and Neil Hume
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e2c505c0-39d1-11e4-83c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

This is BABA. Whens the crashPart of the This is nuts. When's the crash? series
An occasional highlighting of abnormal market behaviour - behaviour that is becoming frighteningly common.

British Virgin Islands under pressureBritish Virgin Islands suffers amid push against money laundering
By Demetri Sevastopulo in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3fbed922-3d51-11e4-871d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

French government faces confidence voteFrench government faces second confidence vote
By Lindsay Whipp and Adam Thomson
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b7b2a356-3d6e-11e4-8797-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

France links warship to peace dealFrance links Russian warship delivery to Ukraine peace deal
By Hugh Carnegy in Paris
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/53a1f20a-3421-11e4-b81c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Publicis retains Lvy as board expands© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6ef53dc0-3d7a-11e4-8797-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Publicis eyes new digital acquisitionsPublicis eyes new acquisitions to help weather ‘difficult’ year
By Adam Thomson in Paris
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/68d91404-1172-11e4-b356-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Blame flies as Publicis-Omnicom deal dies© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/79da208e-d790-11e3-b381-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

iColytes vs DroidsiColytes vs ’Droids in the battle of the smartphone
By Lisa Pollack
Owning a non-Apple smartphone, running Android, is like being part of the Rebel Alliance
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/875924fa-3a76-11e4-8ee4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Camouflage that changes color and texture instantly  thanks to squid skinBy Rachel Feltman September 16 Follow @rachelfeltman
Cephalopod-inspired color displays are so hot right now: A paper published  Tuesday in Nature Communications marks the third report  about  the technology in a month, by our count. But unlike previous attempts, this flexible display from MIT changes color and texture at the drop of a hat. It's going to be quite some time before you'll have an octopus-inspired smartphone display -- or soldiers bedecked in cuttlefish camo -- but our tentacled friends are certainly providing engineers with plenty of inspiration.
The ability of many cephalopods (cuttlefish, squid and octopus) to change their surface color and texture has long fascinated engineers. "It's a fantastic quality, and one unprecedented in human engineering," lead author and MIT mechanical engineering  professor  Xuanhe Zhao says.
Zhao's material mimics the ability of a cephalopod to flex its muscles, exposing different spots of pigment to make them more or less prominent. In doing this, they also change their texture from smooth to bumpy. The new material uses a stretchy polymer that reacts to an external electric voltage. As electricity switches it on and off, it changes from a smooth, nearly colorless surface to a bumpy, dark blue, fluorescent one. For now, the color and texture change go hand in hand. But by adding multiple layers of the polymer, Zhao says, they might be able to control color and texture independently.
Because the material used is so stretchy, the display is quite flexible. Flexible displays could be used for wearable computing devices and more durable electronics, but Zhao has high hopes for his display's use in military camouflage.
"The military spends millions of dollars developing new camouflage patterns, but they're all static right now...they don't change," Zhao says. "If you put a pattern designed for the forest into the desert, it's not going to function as camouflage, and it might even make you more conspicuous than no camouflage at all."
Dynamic camouflage would allow soldiers and military vehicles to adapt to their surroundings instantly. Zhao's display is in its early stages, but one thing is almost certain: If scientists develop quick-changing camouflage materials, we'll have cephalopods to thank.
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

$368 million verdict against Apple tossed out | Apple s magic: Not innovation  but refinementCourt tosses $368 million patent case verdict against Apple
By AFP | 17 Sep, 2014, 01.24AM IST
Appeals court judges backed the finding of infringement, but said the lower court wrongly allowed expert testimony that may have influenced the damages award.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SAN FRANCISCO: A federal appeals court today tossed out a $368 million verdict against Apple , ruling that jurors were given evidence that may have skewed the sum.
"We vacate the jury's damages award and remand for further proceedings consistent with this opinion," judges in a US appellate court said in a detailed written ruling.
Patent licensing firm VirnetX and Science Applications International Corporation filed suit four years ago in US District Court in Texas, accusing the iPhone, iPad, iPod and Macintosh computer maker of infringing on patented technology in secure video chat capabilities built into a FaceTime feature.
Computer networking gear titan Cisco , maker of a widely used virtual private network (VPN) software, was also named as a defendant in the suit.
Jurors concluded that VirnetX patents had been infringed on and calculated $368.16 million in damages, according to court documents.
Appeals court judges backed the finding of infringement, but said the lower court wrongly allowed expert testimony that may have influenced the damages award.
"While we are disappointed that the federal circuit has vacated portions of the judgement for further proceedings, we are bolstered by the fact that the patents were again found valid and that it was confirmed that Apple's VPN on Demand functionality infringes the VirnetX patents," VirnetX chief executive Kendall Larsen said in a released statement.
"We look forward to readdressing the FaceTime infringement and damages issues as soon as possible."

Inch towards Miles is Modi mantra as Xi arrivestodayPrint
Chinese President Xi Jinping arrives in India on Wednesday.
Written by Shubhajit Roy | New Delhi | Posted: September 17, 2014 3:08 am | Updated: September 17, 2014 11:03 am
As Chinese President Xi Jinping arrives in Ahmedabad on Wednesday — 17 years after he last visited India as a Communist Party functionary — with a bouquet of investment deals aimed at surpassing Japan’s $35 billion commitment, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday set the stage for the bilateral talks, terming it “ Inch towards Miles ”.
Interacting with Chinese journalists based in India, Modi said, “I would like to give a new terminology to my tomorrow’s meeting with the Chinese President. I call it ‘Inch towards Miles’. INCH is ‘India-China’, towards MILES is ‘Millennium of Exceptional Synergy’. I believe that tomorrow’s meeting will mark a happy beginning towards this goal of ‘Inch towards Miles’.”
Apart from the investment deals, sources told The Indian Express, New Delhi wants a stronger commitment from China on the issue of terrorism since Beijing is also battling with incidents of terrorism in its western parts — in Xinjiang province.
With recent incidents in Tiananmen Square, Beijing and Taiyuan, China too is emerging as a casualty although with a much lower level of collateral damage when compared with India. A common thread for both countries is terrorism with radical Islamic leanings, which finds safe havens at a number of locations in South Asia and beyond.
While China needs to fully comprehend the damage potential of religious extremism emanating from Pakistan, New Delhi’s negotiators are trying to impress upon them about the need to use Beijing’s close military links and aid to Pakistan’s military and intelligence agencies to curb terrorist elements.
Sources said that while New Delhi feels that China, with its strong influence over Pakistan’s leadership and military, can exercise useful leverage in controlling religious extremism, it is mindful of Beijing’s approach towards Islamabad and Rawalpindi.
So, the joint paragraph being negotiated by both Indian and Chinese interlocutors is expected to make a formulation that the two sides will not allow their territories to be used for activities against the other — without mentioning Pakistan. Sources said a stronger denouncement of terrorism, along with possibilities of cooperation under the rubric of Russia-India-China trilateral mechanism, is expected to figure in the discussions as well as the joint document.
Modi is also likely to gift a copy of the Gita to the Chinese President, talk about Buddhism values and make a bid for peace in the region.
When asked by the Chinese media about Xi’s initiative to revive the maritime silk route, Modi said, “I believe that the re-emergence of the natural trading routes would make a major contribution to building a prosperous Asia in this century.” He said the ancient silk and spice routes promoted the exchange of ideas, cultures, art, religion and spiritualism.
On the unresolved issue of border dispute, Modi talked about strengthening “our strategic communication”, a theme mentioned during the meeting between the two leaders in Brazil on the sidelines of the BRICS summit, and about continued…

Sheilas loaded question: why spare Delhi  MPGovernorsDikshit said a bureaucrat in the central government had asked her to tender her resignation.
Written by Aniruddha Ghosal | New Delhi | Posted: September 17, 2014 3:07 am
Questioning the NDA government’s removal of Governors, former Delhi Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit said she did not understand why some UPA-appointed Governors, like in Delhi and Madhya Pradesh, have been allowed to continue while others have been shown the door.
“Certain Governors appointed by the previous government were asked to step down, but others like the Governors of Madhya Pradesh and Delhi have been allowed to continue. I don’t understand the reason for this discrimination,” Dikshit told The Indian Express on Tuesday. She resigned as Kerala Governor last month, after spending less than six months in office.
Delhi Lieutenant-Governor Najeeb Jung took charge on July 9, 2013 while MP Governor Ram Naresh Yadav was appointed on September 8, 2011.
Dikshit described the Modi government’s decision to ask UPA-appointed Governors to step down as “selective humiliation”. “This is a constitutional post. Why do you want to humiliate the position? Governors have been treated selectively — some very badly… Forcing them to resign through transfers and supposed punishment postings,” she said.
Dikshit said a bureaucrat in the central government had asked her to tender her resignation. “You are picked to be the Governor. This is not something one can apply for. You are the first citizen of the state, not involved in any kind of controversy. Why this kind of humiliation of the position by a newly-elected government?” she said.
Referring to the Centre’s decision to transfer out-of-favour Governors to the Northeast, Dikshit said, “This sends a very wrong signal. The Northeast is as much a part of India as any other region.”
Challenging the “selective” expulsion of UPA-appointed Governors, Dikshit said the government may as well bring in a legislation. “Why this drama of asking some Governors to resign. This is a post with dignity and there was no need for controversy. Maybe it is time for the government to bring in a legislation that makes it mandatory for Governors to resign when the central government changes,” she said.

I am what I am  says sprinter Dutee  refuses hormonetherapyPrint
100-m junior national champion tested for excess androgen.
Written by Vinayak Bhushan Padmadeo | New Delhi | Posted: September 17, 2014 3:01 am | Updated: September 17, 2014 12:02 pm
Sprinter Dutee Chand, who had tested for excess androgen that made her ineligible to compete in the women’s category, has refused to undergo hormone therapy or any surgical intervention, saying she always competed the way she was and would not like to change that.
“I won’t undergo surgery or any other procedure. At every level of my life — junior, sub-junior or Under-20 — I have competed the way I am. I’ve been told the hormonal issue with me is natural so that’s why we have decided this,” Dutee told The Indian Express.
The 18-year-old sprinter, who was dropped from the last Commonwealth Games because of her condition, recently started training in Patiala.
Backing Dutee, who is the 100m junior national champion, the Sports Authority of India (SAI) is in the process of consulting lawyers ahead of filing a motion in the Court of Arbitration in Sports (CAS) in Lausanne, Switzerland. The motion will try and get overturned the 2011 guidelines of the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) that regulate the eligibility of women with hyper androgenism by advising them hormone therapy and, in some cases, surgery. South African Olympic medallist Caster Semenya too had to undergo treatment before she was allowed to compete again.
The motion, if successful, will be a landmark case, challenging the prevalent practice of “bringing the testosterone levels within permissible limits”.
SAI has taken upon itself to ensure that the young athlete gets back on track soon. “The Sports Minister has given the assurance to Parliament that we will support the girl to an extent. We are trying our best to see that she is taken back,” SAI Director General Jiji Thomson said.
Before Dutee came to the decision of avoiding medical intervention, she was made aware of the consequences of the therapy by Dr Payoshini Mitra, a researcher and activist dealing with gender issues in sport.
“It is a unique case since the hyper androgensim guidelines came out in 2011 where some sort of intervention could be possible from people like me who understand that this policy is discriminatory and harmful for young athletes like Dutee. So even before the system — the sports federation of the country or the IAAF — could test or ask the athlete to get some medical intervention, we could step in and say that you must first understand the consequences of these medical interventions and then decide what you want. So she was very lucky,” Dr Mitra said.
According to her, the argument against these guidelines, and one that the lawyers may raise in Lausanne, is fairly simple: The regulations aim at lowering testosterone regardless of athletes’ health, symptoms, and fertility goals conflicts with the medical treatment of hyper androgenism and that the policies that regulate hyper androgenism in women athletes are not in keeping with best ethical practices.
Before approaching CAS, Dutee has to file an appeal with the Athletics Federation continued…

Accumulate its at a strong support level will bounce back for a target...Silver Member
4 Followers
Accumulate its at a strong support level Will bounce back for a target of around 178 - My target for DLF is Rs 178 for the short term with a stoploss of Rs 163
4.18 AM Sep 17th  | Track

World marketsnorth and south american markets finished broadly higher ...Platinum Member
475 Followers
World MarketsNorth and South American markets finished broadly higher today with shares in Brazil leading the region. The Bovespa is up 2.01% while U.S.`s S&P 500 is up 0.75% and Mexico`s IPC is up 0.14%.
Based on US markets and world markets upmove, I expect our market`s opening and closing will be good. Already our stocks went down and lost more than 325 points on Tuesday. I think most of our stocks will move up today.
4.14 AM Sep 17th  | Track

Developed markets: pension funds srocks close:-- dow 101 up; nas...DEVELOPED MARKETS: pension funds Srocks close:--
Dow 101 up; Nasdaq 34 up; S&P 15 up.
America`a largest pension ditches hedge funds. America`s largest  pension fund is saying goodbye to hedge funds.
Latest News
Half of the Nasdaq stocks are in trouble
Boeing, Space X land NASA contracts
Anheuser-Busch `not satisfied` with NFL
Corinthian Colleges sued over loans
FBI launches a face recognition system
A decade of guilt over GM crash
NFL scores huge ratings despite scandals
Startup 101 from Silicon Valley heavy hitters
The best Chinese stock NOT named Alibaba
Largest US pension dumps hedge funds
Millennials crave low tech touch at work
Beer giants brewing up a deal
4.07 AM Sep 17th  | Track

Yes. you can enter in morepen. at any level. ... next marksan pharma ...20 Followers
Reposted about 66 days 12 hrs 3 min 41 sec ago by Gajananw07
Never say no 2 Morepen.Better late dan never.Its never 2 late .Better Morepen dan more pain . Grab it @ 12.85 between 09:00 -09:25 . Have morepen n dont repent , balwantc g plz.

In Congress  clearing a path to aid Syrian rebelsBy Ed O'Keefe and Anne Gearan September 15 Follow @edatpost Follow @agearan
President Obama’s plan to train and equip Syrian rebels in the fight against Islamic State militants appeared headed for quick passage on Capitol Hill this week, but congressional leaders have signaled that they will postpone a full debate on the use of military force until after the midterm elections.
House Speaker John A. Boehner (R-Ohio) and Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) have been working together on a cross-chamber strategy designed to keep their party ranks united and move swiftly toward passage of the measure.
The House is expected to grant Obama the short-term authority as part of an amendment to a larger measure funding federal agencies that is expected to pass after it is debated Tuesday and Wednesday, GOP leadership aides said. Once the House votes, the Senate would take up the issue by next week before adjourning for the elections.
“People are trying to be careful about making a large commitment before we have all the facts, but eventually we need to have a new authorization that’s simple and sweeping and empowers the president to use all means necessary to destroy ISIL,” said Rep. Tom Cole (R-Okla.), using an alternative acronym for the Islamic State. “Hopefully that can happen in the lame-duck session.”
Rep. Adam Kinzinger (R-Ill.) said Monday that GOP colleagues who once favored not intervening in foreign conflicts seem to be in retreat. “It’s hard for them to argue to do nothing, and they know it,” he said.
On the international stage, Obama’s effort to build a broad coalition against the militants seemed to pick up momentum in Paris. World powers meeting in the French capital agreed to use “any means necessary” to combat the militant force surging in Iraq and Syria, and diplomats from 26 nations and several international organizations began dividing responsibilities for what Secretary of State John F. Kerry said will be an expanded international military, diplomatic and law enforcement assault on the group.
There was one setback in the coalition-building efforts. Iran on Monday spurned an American request for cooperation in the fight against the Islamic State. U.S. officials, however, said the door remains open to a rare opportunity for Iran — to make common cause with the United States against its principal adversary in the Middle East.
Meanwhile on Monday, U.S. military officials said they conducted two airstrikes in Iraq, including one near Baghdad that they characterized as the start of a new phase of offensive operations against the Islamic State. Prior to the attack near Baghdad, which targeted Islamic State fighters who had been firing on Iraqi security forces, the U.S. military said its rules of engagement were to launch strikes only to prevent humanitarian disasters or protect U.S. personnel and property.
In Washington, Congress returned to work Monday with the Syria question at the top of the agenda, and leading members of both parties signaled a willingness to grant Obama’s request for explicit authority to allow U.S. military personnel to train rebels and outfit them with arms, at least in the short term.
Some disgruntled members of the president’s party, however, were insisting on a full war debate before the elections.
“I can’t see a reason to not do so, other than political timidity,” Rep. Adam B. Schiff (D-Calif.), a senior member of the House Intelligence Committee, said Monday.
“It’s very difficult to pinpoint how this issue cuts politically right now,” he added. “My sense is that it will have greater resonance in the next election than this one, depending on the nature of the conflict two years from now.”
Boehner’s decision to quickly introduce legislation underscores his hawkish view and the progress he has made to mollify his unruly conference and keep it moving in the same direction. The relative calm in GOP ranks contrasts with the unrest seen in the party a year ago, when daily battles over legislative strategy led to a government shutdown and badly divided the party. This year, Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.), who has long espoused non-interventionist views, has said he would like to “destroy” the Islamic State , and Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Tex.), who led the shutdown fight for conservatives, has avoided issuing any ultimatum.
“I would like to think Rand Paul and Ted Cruz are going through adolescence and beginning to enter adulthood,” said Rep. Peter T. King (R-N.Y.). “I think we’re back, as Republicans, to realizing that there is real danger in the world and that shutting down the government isn’t appropriate when you’re dealing with issues of life and death.”
Under plans unveiled by House Republicans on Monday night, Congress would grant short-term authorization for the Pentagon to begin operations to counter the rise of the Islamic State terrorist group. The Pentagon would be required to submit planning reports to lawmakers with details on how military officials are recruiting and vetting rebel forces.
Opening the Paris conference, French President François Hollande said the threat from global militancy requires a coordinated international response. France is among the European nations alarmed by the flow of radicalized young men who have traveled from Europe to fight in Syria and who could seek to return home.
The meeting came at the end of Kerry’s week-long tour of Iraq, Saudi Arabia, Egypt and Turkey. The trip sought to frame the division of labor for a wider assault on the Islamic State, with the U.S. military and Iraqi forces playing the central roles.
On Sunday, U.S. officials said Arab states have volunteered to launch airstrikes alongside those carried out by the United States. But they stressed that such an expansion was still under discussion and subject to review by Iraq. Officials from the region said the volunteers included Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates and others whose leaders had been waiting to hear from the administration that it has a viable plan and is prepared to follow through with it.
The United Arab Emirates and Qatar conducted strikes during the 2011 air campaign in Libya. Qatar’s role is not entirely clear now, though it is helping train Syrian rebels, as is Jordan.
Saudi Arabia is also expected to participate in expanded training of the rebels fighting both the Islamic State and forces loyal to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.
The Saudis have been pressing the United States to accede to Syrian rebels’ long-standing requests for surface-to-air antiaircraft weapons, which could be a game-changer for the chronically underequipped opposition forces, but the Obama administration has refused.
The U.S. decision to confront the militants, first in Iraq and eventually in Syria, also benefits Assad, although U.S. officials say they will act only in the interests of the United States.
As the international efforts gathered steam Monday, Iran played spoiler. Its supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, tweeted his disdain for the international effort and revealed a back-channel U.S. offer of unspecified cooperation against the militants. Khamenei said Iran rejected the U.S. request because of Washington’s “evil intentions,” the state-run Islamic Republic News Agency reported.
The United States did not deny the outreach to Iran and said discussions with Tehran will continue, underscoring Iran’s influence in the region as well as the political complexities of bringing the Shiite powerhouse into the emerging international alliance against the Islamic State. “I’m just going to hold open the possibility always of having a discussion that had the possibility of being constructive,” Kerry said, without providing substantive details about the U.S. request. “I’m not going to get into a back-and-forth.”
By going public with the U.S. offer Monday, Iran appeared to close off the possibility of cooperation against the militants for now.
However, Iran has sent its allied Shiite militias in Iraq to fight with Western-backed Kurds against the Islamic State. Iran’s Shiite theocracy considers the Sunni militants a challenge to Iraq’s majority Shiites — whose political parties have close ties to Tehran — and a destabilizing force against Assad, Iran’s other main regional ally.
Although details of the U.S.-Iranian discussion remain vague, it appears to have been an offer of behind-the-scenes cooperation rather than public partnership. Any public cooperation with Iran would doom the emerging alliance between Iraq and Sunni Arab states in the Persian Gulf region and elsewhere that had feuded with Nouri al-Maliki, the former Iraqi prime minister. The Sunni states regard Iran with deep suspicion and considered Maliki, a Shiite partisan with strong ties to Tehran, as a pawn of Iran.
France had wanted to invite Iran to the talks, but the United States resisted the move. The United States is trying to stitch together a diverse alliance against the Islamic State and overcome reluctance among many states to intervene in any way in the Syrian conflict, now in its fourth year. Nearly 200,000 people have died in the Syrian fighting, according to the United Nations.
Kerry said Monday that Saudi King Abdullah had told him that if Iran attended Monday’s session, the Saudis would boycott. The United Arab Emirates had drawn the same line, Kerry said.
Gearan reported from Paris. Robert Costa, Paul Kane and Craig Whitlock in Washington contributed to this report.
Ed O’Keefe is a congressional reporter with The Washington Post and covered the 2008 and 2012 presidential and congressional elections.
Anne Gearan is The Washington Post's diplomatic correspondent.

Pushing back the Islamic StateCaption
Government forces and Shiite militias launch counterattack to reclaim territories taken by the militants.
 Sept. 15, 2014 Iranian Kurdish female members of the Freedom Party of Kurdistan (PAK) sit with their weapons during a training session in Dibis, about 30 miles northwest of Kirkuk, Iraq. The world's top diplomats pledged today to support Iraq in its fight against Islamic State militants. Safin Hamed/AFP/Getty Images

PM Narendra Modi wave fades as BJP suffers reverses in Rajasthan  Uttar Pradesh  Gujarat bypollsPM Narendra Modi wave fades as BJP suffers reverses in Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh, Gujarat bypolls
PTI | New delhi | Updated:  Sep 16 2014, 21:56  IST
Sep 16 2014, 21:56  IST
 

RBI s Rajan may be right about a West-induced  crash  in EMsWhy RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan may be right about a ‘crash’
Sep 17, 2014, 08.37AM IST
Tags:
(Given the Fed’s policy…)
By Soumya Kanti Ghosh
In a series of recent interviews, Reserve Bank of India governor Raghuram Rajan warned of a 'crash' should there be sudden reversal in risk perception already distorted by unconventional monetary policies in the West. The rational response to the exuberance in the prices of financial assets is that they have always been irrational. And Rajan may be right this time!
Global economic outlook is grounded in optimism despite data showing the contrary. Interestingly, the word 'geopolitical' appeared only once in RBI's June statement; in August it appeared thrice. The US and Japan have contracted and EU is in the midst of a fresh bank bailout. The financial markets around the world, more so in the US and Europe, continue to rise. The Dow has risen more than 50% since 2008 and during this hiatus, the US Q2GDP (and also in Q1) expanded by more than 4%. What could possibly explain this disconnect between the stellar performance of financial markets in the backdrop of continued modest real growth?
A peep into history shows some structural transformations have occurred in the financial sector of advanced economies. If the balance sheet (BS) size of banks is taken as proxy, then the size has grown dramatically in relation to underlying economic activity over the past century. For example, for the US, there has been a secular rise in banks' assets from around 60% of GDP in 1950 to over 100% by 2008.
For the UK, from about 50% of GDP in the early 1970s, banks' assets in relation to national income have risen 10-fold to over 500% of GDP. The return on equity of financial sector companies has outpaced those in non-financial sector by a factor of two. Recently, a body of new empirical literature pointed out that disproportionately higher growth in the financial sector reduces real growth, dampening long-run productivity in the process. In other words, financial boom is not growth enhancing as it distorts the allocative efficiency of the economy.
The financial sector, in the run-up to 2008, had grown on high leverage both on and off balance sheet, and expanding exposure to trading assets vis-a-vis the traditional assets. Leverage continues to be a serious cause of concern across regulators even today. The Basel III accord has promptly checked this by incorporating the leverage ratio and has subsequently followed this up with a resolution regime mechanism to ensure orderly winding-up of entities that fail.
High debt is not just a problem of the financial sector but also a problem of the government and household sector in the US and Europe. A Bank of International Settlement study of 2011 examining linkages between debt and economic activity in 18 industrial countries found that high debt is bad for growth. Hence, unless the economic system as a whole delivers, the growth prospects of the global economy projected at 3% and more by IMF can itself falter.
  While high debt continues to plague the major economies, the initial response to the situation in 2008 was a massive injection of liquidity, reducing interest rates close to zero bound and in some cases altering the slope of the yield curve. The measures may have restored peace in financial markets, but with the benefit of hindsight, one must look into the possible externalities such measures have created.
Artificially lower interest rates have distorted investment decisions and made risk pricing arbitrary. At lower rates, an otherwise unviable project must have been judged viable. As central bank tries to exit exceptional measures, the ensuing rise in long yield can make those very viable projects unviable.
In 2012, the Treasury Committee at House of Commons asked the Bank of England (BOE) to highlight the redistributive impact of monetary policy, and explain the costs and benefits of their policy actions to groups that are perceived to have been particularly badly impacted. In response to this question, BOE admitted that exceptional measures had redistributive costs and there were clear winners and losers.
Households in the upper quantiles have benefited from the appreciation in asset prices following the unconventional response. Pension fund and insurance companies have been squeezed by ultra-low interest rates particularly where benefits have an embedded guarantee. The interaction of these unintended consequences with secular rise in dependency ratio over the next decade may aggravate the hardship.
Back home, the million-dollar question is: when will the RBI cut rate? If we leave aside inflation, purely on the basis of an uncertain risk appetite and the US monetary policy will warrant no change in policy rates. In fact, with Fed giving out hints that "increases in the federal funds rate target could come sooner than the Committee currently expects and could be more rapid thereafter", the situation looks more challenging.
After all, going by historical trends, if Fed raises policy rates without a concomitant raise in repo rate, there is indeed clear evidence of capital outflows! Add to this a new round of geopolitical risks, with Scotland going for referendum on September 18, the RBI's tone going forward may continue to be hawkish even if retail inflation cools off.
(The writer is Chief Economic Advisor, State Bank of India. Saket Hishikar, economist, SBI, co-authored this article. Views are personal)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Citys shame inslumsAs per the 2011 census, the BMC has 41.3 per cent slum households and 62% residents live in slums.
Written by Tabassum Barnagarwala | Mumbai | Posted: September 17, 2014 3:12 am
While data from the Centre’s Integrated Child Development Services Scheme till May 2014 reveals that 41,520 children in Mumbai were moderately underweight and 3,125 severely underweight, a September 15 report by Observer Research Foundation shows that on an average, 55% of the children surveyed in two city slums were undernourished and 42.5% had stunted growth. Tabassum Barnagarwala looks at the reasons behind malnutrition in the city’s slums.
Three-year-old Aakash Singh (name changed) weighs a dangerous six kg, way below the normal 14 kg that children of his age are supposed to weigh. Born prematurely at home, he lives under a makeshift shelter off a highway in Ghatkopar (East), with no toilet. Aakash is a classic case of malnutrition. Like him, several children across Mumbai’s urban slums suffer from poor diet, undernourishment and lack of sanitation facilities.
While ICDS reports 15 tribal pockets with high incidence of malnutrition in Maharashtra, the scenario in Mumbai, the country’s financial capital, is no better. According to the World Health Organisation (WHO) estimates, malnutrition is responsible for more than one third of all child deaths globally, although it is rarely listed as the direct cause.
By definition, while malnutrition is a state where one’s regular diet is constantly deprived of essential nutrients, it includes several other aspects like improper sanitation, no toilets, early marriage, poor water supply and dearth in health care facilities. Further, while the word malnutrition might cast a skinny child’s image with bulging eyes, but there is much more to it. A Harvard study by researcher Janina R Galler, in 2013, said that malnutrition makes a person less sociable, less organised and affects his mental health. The ORF report says that 33 per cent children surveyed had headaches, a clinical sign of nutritional deficiency.
The report studied 300 children, aged 2-12 years, from two different kind of slums, including an authorised slum, Mata Ramabai Ambedkar Nagar, and  an unauthorised slum, Indian Oil Nagar.
While an authorised slum is registered and liable to receive amenities like water supply, sanitation and health services, an unauthorised slum, which is in the form of a squatter or resettlement colony, is bereft of even the basic facilities and lags far behind in human development index. As a result, health services have received a major blow in unauthorised slums. In Indian Oil Nagar, for instance, 70 per cent children surveyed were found undernourished and 51 per cent had stunted growth.
Missing toilets and sanitation
As per the 2011 census, the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) has 41.3 per cent slum households, and 62 per cent live  in slums and slum-like habitats. But shockingly, there is an average of one toilet seat per 81 persons in these slums, says ORF’s report.
According to Rachel D’Silva, author of the ORF report, 56.04 per cent slum children, who opted for open defecation, had stunted growth and 69.23 per cent were continued…

Supreme Court wants a law on damages for accidents deathThe bench said due to lack of legislation, courts dealing with cases of tort claims against the State and its officials were not following a uniform pattern.
Written by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi | Posted: September 17, 2014 3:11 am
The Supreme Court has told the Law Commission to examine the need for a comprehensive law to fix tort liability on government agencies and thus oblige them to award damages in case of accidents.
Torts are civil wrongs recognised by law as ground for a lawsuit. Such a wrong has to be committed by a person or authority which is obligated to exercise a reasonable degree of care and caution. A failure to do so causes someone to suffer loss or harm, resulting in a legal liability to be redressed by awarding damages.
While some countries like the UK, USA and Australia have codified law on torts, recognising civil wrongs as grounds for a lawsuit, India does not have one. Indian courts depend on provisions in a variety of statutes to entertain claims arising in cases of death such as Delhi’s 1997 Uphaar fire tragedy, the1984 Bhopal gas leak, Kolkata’s AMRI hospital fire in 2011 and several such mishaps, including deaths due to collapse of buildings and drowning.
In its judgment, a bench of Justices V Gopala Gowda and Adarsh Kumar Goel said a duty was cast on the statutory authorities and local bodies regarding a degree of care, and hence a person must be compensated by them against losses.
It said that high courts and the Supreme Court were duty-bound to uphold claims arising from loss of life or liberty on account of violation of statutory duties of public authorities and to oblige them to award damages.
“Where activity of a public body is hazardous, highest degree of care is expected and breach of such duty is actionable. This obligation is also referable to Article 21 (right to life and liberty) of the Constitution. We reiterate the need for a comprehensive legislation dealing with tortious liability of the State…in such cases for certainty on the subject,” the judgment read.
“We request the Law Commission to look into the matter and take such steps as may be found necessary,” it said.
The bench said due to lack of legislation, courts dealing with cases of tort claims against the State and its officials were not following a uniform pattern, and it resulted in certain undesirable orders and arbitrary compensation.
The order came as the court rejected appeal against an order of the National Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission (NCDRC), which held Vadodara Municipal Corporation, Oriental Insurance Company and the proprietor of Ripple Aqua Sports guilty of malfeasance.
They had moved SC against an order to pay compensation for the death of 22 people, who drowned in Vadodara’s Sursagar Lake in 1992 during a boat ride. The NCDRC held the corporation and Aqua Sports to be jointly and continued…

CBFC CEO tells HC he wasframedPrint
Mumbai | Posted: September 17, 2014 4:02 am
Seeking bail, Rakesh Kumar, suspended CEO of Central Board of Film Certification (CBFC), told the Bombay High Court that he had declared two immovable properties, which he owned in Bihar and Greater Noida. Kumar also claimed that to clear the pendency of films, he set up camps for “speedy screening” to clear the backlog. Kumar said after taking charge as the CBFC CEO in January 2014, he realised that “agents lobby” and “red-tapism” had resulted into piling up of over 250 films in Censor Board. Kumar, contended that he adopted “more transparency” in the functioning of CBFC.
Kumar has, therefore, argued that the FIR registered against him is a “concocted story” to frame him by the “agents lobby and some middlemen” whose roles were decimated by him. The HC has posted the hearing of Kumar’s bail plea on September 29.    ENS
Technical glitch delays CR trains
Central Railway commuters suffered delays due to two separate incidents of technical glitches Tuesday. Five trains were cancelled and 19 were delayed. At 1 pm , an Asangoan-bound train suffered a technical fault and failed to start at CST and at 1.28 pm, a fault occurred in an Up train Panvel -76, between Sewri and Cotton Green railway stations.     ENS

Will bring my brother home for a properburialKevin Rebello, a native of Nallasopara in the Thane district, was working as a waiter aboard the Costa Concordia.
Written by Gautam Sandip Mengle | Mumbai | Posted: September 17, 2014 3:58 am
More than two years after the Costa Concordia, an Italian cruise liner, sank off the Isla Di Giglio, a determined man still holds on to the hope of bringing his brother’s remains home for a proper Christian burial.
Russel Rebello (33), a native of Nallasopara in the Thane district, was working as a waiter aboard the Costa Concordia and is the only Indian victim whose remains have still not been found. The 290-meter long cruise liner rammed into the rocks off the island of Giglio, a popular holiday destination, on the night of January 13, 2012. It was carrying a total of 4229 people, passengers and crew included, out of which 32 lost their lives.
For the last two years and eight months, Russel’s brother Kevin has been making regular trips to Giglio as one of the largest search and salvage operations in maritime history continues.
“In July this year, the hull of the cruise liner was towed to a port in Genoa, where it now lies partly submerged. I visited Genoa late in August and had a meeting with the coast guard there, who explained to me that the hull will first be stripped of all metal parts to reduce its weight. This will enable the authorities to pull it up into the dry port, after the search for Russel’s remains will continue,” Kevin told Newsline, speaking on the phone from Milan, where he stays and works.
Eye witness accounts that Kevin has painstakingly gathered by speaking to survivors of the tragedy indicate that Russel died a hero. He was seen helping people reach the lifeboats by several of the liner’s passengers, and Russel even gave one of them his own life jacket. Russel’s last confirmed sighting was when he was seen heading towards the restaurant area of the ship. Everyone who saw him that night believes he was going there to see if anyone else needed help.
For Kevin, the two years and eight months have been frustrating, as time and again he has had to see bodies and skeletal remains being pulled out of the wreckage and has had to wait for DNA tests, only to be told that Russel was not among them. In April 2012, Kevin had left Giglio after spending four months on the island, as his therapist told him that it was advisable to take a break. However, less than a week after his return to Milan, he received word that five more bodies had been found in the wreckage. He rushed back to the island and spent 48 hours in anticipation, but DNA tests indicated that Russel was still missing. An emotionally drained Kevin left the island the same day, for the first time not waiting to ask whose bodies they were or to speak to the families of the victims. He, however, returned shortly after continued…

Alibaba IPO may spur selloffs'Baba' effect: Supply of stock set to swell as Alibaba IPO nears
By: Adam Shell September 16, 2014 12:16 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Alibaba Group Chairman Jack Ma has whipped up demand for shares of its coming IPO. (AFP/Getty Images)
Supply and demand, the famous macro-economic concept, is playing out in the stock market. With 320.1 million shares of Alibaba set to flood the market, some investors are selling shares of other stocks to raise cash to buy Alibaba.
The trend of selling other holdings to help fund big helpings of Alibaba shares on Friday, when the Chinese Internet giant is expected to sell shares to the public for the first time, was evident in trading Monday and last Friday. The Nasdaq composite, for example, which is full of tech names and social media stocks and Internet shares, fell 1.1% Monday and 0.5% Friday, for a two-day loss of 1.6%.
Individual stocks that got hurt in the two-day sell-off include momentum names such as social-media darling Facebook, which fell 4.3%, Internet search giant Google down 1.4%, online retailer Amazon.com down 2% and name-your-own price Internet retailer Priceline.com down 2%.
(Tuesday, that selling seems to have let up, with the S&P 500 up more than 16 points or 0.8% in late afternoon trading and the Nasdaq up 0.8%; the stocks listed above are also up from 1.4% to 2%, perhaps suggesting that investors have raised the cash necessary for their Alibaba purchases. Another theory widely circulating on Wall Street is that investors are now betting that the Federal Reserve won’t change any of its language related to the timing of the first interest rate hike after all. If the Fed stands pat, it means the timetable for the first rate hike will likely not have to be pushed forward to earlier next year as feared, from the mid-year projections now priced in.)
Bespoke Investment Group has dubbed this trading phenomenon: “The Baba Effect.” Bespoke blames the sell-off in the so-called “momentum” stocks listed above on investors positioning themselves for the Alibaba share onslaught. “With over $20 billion in (fresh) stock supply hitting the street, marginal buyers were much harder to find,” the firm said.
The two-day sell-off  coincided with rumors that, due to strong demand for its initial public offering, Alibaba would increase its offering price range from $66 to $68 from the initial range of $60 to $66. Alibaba confirmed the higher range in a regulatory filing after the market closed Monday. It did not, however, increase the number of shares for sale. Alibaba is selling 320.1 million shares, which means it could raise as much as $21.8 billion, which would top Visa’s record-breaking IPO of $17.9 billion in March 2008.
The Alibaba IPO is expected to be the biggest the world has ever seen.
Ample liquidity has been a big driver of this bull market, but with a lot of cash now chasing Alibaba shares, the impact of fewer dollars chasing other stocks on Wall Street can act as a short-term drag on the broader market, says Robert Maltbie, president of Singular Research. His liquidity readings, which were positive at the end of August, are moving toward neutral, he says, which is a potential negative for stocks.
“This flood of new stock issuance looks like it will impact an otherwise bullish outlook on the market,” Maltbie told USA TODAY, adding that more Alibaba shares will hit the open market over the next year as so-called share lock-up agreements end and insiders and other early investors are able to sell their shares on the open market. Maltbie estimates that an additional $160 billion in Alibaba shares will have to be absorbed due to lock-ups expiring.
Maltbie uses the analogy of a homeowner wanting to get top dollar for his house, only to learn that three other homeowners on the same block also decide to put their homes up for sale, resulting in lower prices as the supply-demand dynamic gets out of whack amid a set number of dollars chasing multiple investments.
“It has a dampening effect,” says Maltbie. “It creates a competition for dollars. Investors have to sell something to buy it (Alibaba).”
Alibaba, which is a Chinese company domiciled outside the U.S., won’t be eligible for inclusion in the benchmark Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index, either. That means the more than $21 billion spent to buy Alibaba shares Friday won’t benefit the broader U.S. stock market. “It can’t be a positive impact for the S&P 500 because the money is going elsewhere,” says Maltbie.
The past few years, the average cash inflows into the market have averaged $20 billion to $30 billion per month, which means Alibaba’s first-day trade could equal almost a full month of inflows, according to Maltbie.
The Alibaba IPO, coupled with the Federal Reserve’s ongoing shift to less market stimulus, can be summed up simply:  “The common theme for these two events is less liquidity in the markets,” says Pat Adams, a money manager at Choice Investment Management.

Two Hundred Georgia Guardsman Return Home from Afghanistantwo hundred georgia guardsman return home from afghanistan
Bullish target 420/-Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Bhai_gyan : go & watch taj gvk & indian hotel why they are quoteing pe...Platinum Member
161 Followers
The proposal for the structure and modalities of the Smart City Corporation lays down 26% holding for Japan and 74% for the Central government, state governments and financial institutions. Each Smart City project will be treated as a Special Projects Vehicle, with Varanasi as the SPV-1. The requirement to make the projects successful has been spelt by four points: Strategic Patient Capital, Planning, Political Will and Execution Capability.
Varanasi has been showcased as one of the world`s oldest living cities with glorious confluence of religion, tradition, legends and vivacity. It has a rich tapestry of music, art and education and is an important tourist destination.Japanese assistance will also be sought on solid waste management programme with cutting edge technology. The byproducts will be used as an alternate energy source. There is a suggestion for the setting up of pre-engineered toilets in the city, especially around the ghats as part of the facelift of the ghats, and a complete overhaul of the drainage system. The Japanese will help in the development of a feasible and efficient water treatment plant so as to minimise the contamination of water table. As a part of the cleanliness campaign in Varanasi, tiling can be done to give a new character to the littered and overcrowded streets.

Hope national wind energy mission is started soon.... from clean...Page 2 of 4...
Why do you put after the EEG amendment now not going right?
It`s that fast not, especially not at the offshore wind farms. This multi-billion dollar major projects have lead times of two to three years, before ever a single wind turbine can be set into the sea. We are therefore able to start production before 2015. But in fact, it is again moving in the market. Negotiations with companies that wanted to build wind farms, then hesitated or projects all put on ice, we have resumed. These are jobs where we were formerly quite far, since only lacked the signatures.
And then came with Economics Minister Philipp Rösler of the FDP and Environment Minister Peter Altmeier of the CDU until the deadlock on the EEG and before the federal election uncertainty - with the result that in 2013 you have not sold a single offshore turbine.
This is unfortunately true. This year will not repeat. We supply 48 wind mills for the Nordsee Ost wind farm to the electricity company RWE . And we negotiate again over deferred contracts.
Can you give details?
There are three wind farms, one with 20, one with 50 and one with 80 turbines in the North Sea.
Current of the high seas is considered cost drivers in the EEG surcharge. How do you change that?
That the entire offshore industry must be effective, it is clear for years each. But it has already done a lot. In the initial phase we had to shimmy still a bottleneck to the next: sometimes there was not enough wind turbines, then not enough assembly ships, too few underwater cables or personnel. That`s all fixed. Now we`re working hard to cut costs.
Windkraft: Die größten AnlagenbauerWindkraft: Die größten AnlagenbauerWindkraft: Die größten Anlagenbauer
What leverage is there specifically for you as a wind turbine manufacturers?
Of course you can simply try to customize existing wind turbines cheaper. But what has a much larger lever, is the advancement of technology ...
So ... to increase efficiency.
Our offshore turbine type 6.2 M 152, whose prototype we are building, has 152 meters instead of the previous 126-meter-long rotor blades. This brings an additional yield of 20 percent on the same site.
The system will then cost but more?
No, it should not cost more than the previous model. This is the clear goal. Also, increasing the life of the wind turbines from 20 to 25 years lowers costs. There are also significant savings in foundation. Most offshore turbines have been placed on three-legged steel giants, called tripods. Now, so-called monopiles used in which only a foundation tube is driven into the seabed. This makes the anchorage, the shipment of the foundations and of course the material cheaper.
Your sales decline of about 20 percent was primarily due to the elimination of the US business. How could this happen?
By tapping huge shale gas reserves using fracking technology, the electricity prices in the United States has dropped so dramatically that the construction of new wind farms no longer profitable. We had in 2012 to around 100 million in sales there. They are gone. Although we could make up for it in Canada a bit, but nowhere in these dimensions.
Is this business further so unpleasant?
Dispute over offshore division
Hochtief Manager denounce manipulated figures
Fraunhofer study energy transition needs offshore wind farms
Offshore energy
The new race the wind industry
No. Incoming orders in the first months of the fiscal year, which runs at us from April 2014 to March 2015, about ten percent higher than the same period last year. Revenue grew in a similar order of magnitude. It is also important for us, the projected annual sales we have as much already recorded in its books. And since it looks pretty good. We were able to log-around 90 percent, and that of a value which is slightly higher than the previous year of 1.8 billion euros. The two-billion mark, we will probably not reach this year.
Offshore wind farms are almost exclusively of European industry giants like Siemens and Senvion or Areva supplies from France. Why do we hear nothing of the ambitious Chinese suppliers?
In offshore we do not meet these competitors. That does not surprise us however. Because we and the other European producers have more than ten years experience advantage in this highly complicated profession. This is not at all comparable with onshore projects or even with photovoltaic parks.
4.58 AM Sep 17th

Insurers gear up to assess losses in Jammu and KashmirE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Data theft threat sees rise in cyber security insurance policiesInsurers said companies that face a higher threat of cyber crime are also hiring “certified ethical hackers” who help them mitigate such risks. (Source: Reuters)
Written by Sandeep Singh | New Delhi | Posted: September 15, 2014 2:46 am
Last week, over 5 million email IDs and passwords of Gmail users were reported to have been hacked. With the rising threat of data breach emerging as a major risk area for companies, general insurance companies are offering cover against financial losses arising out of such data loss. In the last four months, about 35 companies have bought such insurance covers of up to Rs 300 crore.
At least three leading general insurers — Tata AIG, ICICI Lombard and HDFC Ergo — have already launched insurance schemes
offering cover against cyber risk, and others like Bajaj Allianz and Reliance General Insurance are working on such a product in view of the rising demand. While the maximum cover provided so far is Rs 300 crore, insurers say they can increase it to Rs 600 crore depending on the requirement of the customer.
When HDFC Ergo launched its standalone cyber security policy a couple of years ago, it found only a couple of customers in the first year. But in the last few months, it has seen a sharp rise in the demand for such schemes. Both Tata AIG and ICICI Lombard launched their policy this year. While insurers declined to share the names of companies that have taken the policies, they said most of the customers are BPOs and IT companies which handle third party data. The list also includes banks and financial institutions.
The policy does not come cheap. The annual premium for a Rs 10 crore cover is Rs 12-18 lakh, and Rs 2.4-3 crore for a Rs 300 crore cover, depending on whether the data belongs to customers in India or abroad.
“If the data loss involves Indian customers, the financial downside is less and hence it means a lower premium as compared to cases where the data involves customers in the US and UK. The law in the US and UK requires that in case of data breach, the company has to inform all the customers, which involves huge cost. In India,  there is no such requirement and customers are only required to be compensated if they sue the company,” said Sushant Sarin, head of liabilities, at Tata AIG General Insurance.
“The premiums are high because the risk is very high. It is not just the loss that the company suffers financially but its about data records… mostly BPOs and IT companies take the policy as they handle third party data,” said Mukesh Kumar, ED, HDFC Ergo General Insurance.
Indicating the magnitude of the risk, a Delhi High Court-commissioned report released earlier this year said cyber crimes cost India about Rs 24,630 crore in 2013.
Insurers said they have seen a sharp jump in enquiries and requests for quotation from companies. “As India goes digital and e-commerce takes off, the cyber risk will increase. Therefore, there will be a continued…

Pulitzer-winning cartoonist Tony Auth dies at 72by TONY AUTH (courtesy of Universal Uclick)
 
“IT’S BEEN a great ride.”
Those were Tony Auth’s words just two years ago , when the Pulitzer-winning cartoonist talked about his decision to end his remarkable four-decade run and reign at the Philadelphia Inquirer. At that time, Auth was brimming with joy and enthusiasm about the next phase of his career and life. At age 70, he had made a complete transition to drawing digitally, and he was eager to render iPad-sprung art for a new employer at an age when some people can’t wait to retire. For Auth, though, art seemed an ever-renewable resource.
“Here I am, able to change direction and create another way to live my life,” Auth told The Post’s Comic Riffs at the time, “while continuing to do what I love.”
More recently, though, Auth had to surrender what he loved, as his years-long battle with cancer recently took a turn for the worse, family members said. Sources told Comic Riffs last week that Auth had entered hospice care.
On Sunday, Mr. Auth died of brain cancer, relatives said. He was 72.
“I’m so profoundly saddened by the news of Tony Auth’s death, I find it difficult to put my feelings to words, but leave it to say that we have lost one of the true greats of American editorial cartooning,” Clay Bennett, the Pulitzer-winning Chattanooga Times Free Press cartoonist, tells The Post’s Comic Riffs.
“Every once in a while, an artist comes along with a singularly unique voice and a style that seems derivative of no one before him,” Bennett says of his friend. “Tony Auth was such an artist.”
Auth arrived at the Inquirer in 1971, and within five years created Pulitzer-winning work; he would twice again be a finalist for the prize before taking a buyout in 2012, to go to the station WHYY’s NewsWorks.org , where he was its first digital artist-in-residence.
Tony Auth retirement cartoon in 2012, by Philadelphia colleague Signe Wilkinson.
“For the vast span of 40 years, I’ve been in­cred­ibly appreciated — with the possible exception of Herblock’s, there cannot have been a better environment for me to function in,” Auth told Comic Riffs in March of 2012 upon his Inquirer retirement. He cited his particular appreciation of such Inquirer editors as Creed Black, Ed Guthman and Gene Roberts, as well as Chris Satullo, who also moved to NewsWorks.
“As fine a cartoonist as William Anthony Auth was for so many productive decades, he was an even better friend and colleague,” Satullo, now WHYY’s vice president for news and civic engagement, wrote in his appreciation .
“Tony relished cartooning. He loved the drawing, the politics and the phone calls afterwards,” Signe Wilkinson, his fellow Philadelphia political cartoonist, tells Comic Riffs on Sunday evening. “He also relished egging on other cartoonists, including young ones starting out, including me.”
“I walked into his office with a putrid portfolio,” says the Pulitzer-winning Wilkinson, “and he treated me like I was already one of the gang. It’s one of the many reasons he’s admired in the cartoon fraternity.”
Cartoonist after cartoonist — and sometimes even aspiring artists who moved on to other forms of journalism — cites Mr. Auth’s generosity of spirit and professional encouragement.
“His personal kindness, generosity and warmth existed side by side with a take-no-prisoners cartooning style,” CNN newsman Jake Tapper tells The Post’s Comic Riffs. “His editorial-page real estate — feared by pols — was my first stop every morning growing up in and living in Philly.”
“When I was first entering the field after graduating college, he was one of the cartoonists I wrote to asking for advice,” King Features political cartoonist Jimmy Margulies tells Comic Riffs. “I was thrilled to receive a letter of encouragement from him,” continues Margulies, who within a few years would host Mr. Auth on a National Cartoonists Society panel.
“Tony reached out to me when I was just starting out,” the Pulitzer-winning cartoonist Steve Breen of the U-T San Diego tells Comic Riffs. “He gave me some really encouraging compliments over lunch one day in the summer of 1998. He was very generous with his time as he showed me the newspaper and his office and taught me some Photoshop.”
Mr. Auth seemed to always remember what it was like for him as a young cartoonist coming out of UCLA, before heading East in the early ’70s, where we would befriend fellow greats like Jules Feiffer. “He not only was a tremendous friend,” the Pulitzer-winning Feiffer (who wrote the foreword to a 2012 book of Auth’s collected cartoons) tells Comic Riffs. “He also was the most sweet-natured man.”
“Tony was always kind, supportive and generous,” the Pulitzer-winning Newsday cartoonist Matt Davies tells Comic Riffs. “He once introduced me, an inexperienced pipsqueak, to Pat Oliphant and Garry Trudeau at the bar at an Association of American Editorial Cartoonists convention, and began a discussion with them about my work. I was speechless.
“I’ll never forget it. I’ll never forget him.”
Davies would later be a judge on the panel that selected Mr. Auth as the Herblock Prize winner in 2005 . “Tony was a brilliant, original, free-spirited thinker, writer and artist,” says Davies, underscoring just how vital a journalistic voice Auth remained 35 years into his Inquirer career.
As an artist, Auth also proved that potent opinions could be delivered with a clean economy of line.
“Auth was the perfect cartoonist for the City of Brotherly Love,” Matt Wuerker, Politico’s Pulitzer-winning cartoonist, tells Comic Riffs. “He was a big-hearted guy who drew with a light line and had breezy style. But that light touch packed a wallop.
“Over his decades at the top of the game,” Wuerker continues, “Tony demonstrated that great political cartoons don’t need to be loaded with bile and invective to be powerful and memorable.” And when Auth was a Pulitzer finalist in 2010, the judges cited “his masterful simplicity in expressing consistently fearless positions on national and local issues.”
“Tony’s style flowed from his very loosely constructed roughs, which he tried to keep as close to the original drawing as possible through a light table,” the Association of American Editorial Cartoonists said in a statement . “The result was an inimitable look admired universally by his peers.”
What his cartooning colleagues knew so well was that Auth blended that clean design with a passion for his editorial point.
“Tony felt it! He had that fire in the belly that true journalists have and he trusted that fire, and his cartoons showed it,” Pulitzer-winning Dayton Daily News cartoonist Mike Peters tells Comic Riffs. “He went with ideas that most of us cartoonists would not have the courage to draw, and he did it with such a flair. A few brilliant lines that … came across pure. He always joked about doing a 20-second cartoon, but you see his ideas were pure and his drawings were pure. It was a deadly combination that made his cartoons so special and that no other cartoonist could do.
“We have lost a giant in the field of cartooning,” continues Peters, who — like Mr. Auth — was part of a rising new generation of editorial artists in the ’70s. “We have lost a great artist, a great journalist, and I have lost a true friend.”
Mr. Auth also illustrated nearly a dozen children’s books and drew a short-lived comic strip, “Norb,” for King Features.
In June of 2012, a retrospective of his political-cartooning work, titled “To Stir, Inform and Inflame: The Art of Tony Auth,” went on exhibit at Pennsylvania’s James A. Michener Art Museum, and David Leopold co-edited the companion book . Temple University has agreed to house Mr. Auth’s archives.
“Tony was one of the true sequoias of the field,” says Tom Toles, Pulitzer-winning cartoonist at The Washington Post. “He conveyed seriousness and intelligence, both in person and in his work. And still managed to be quirky, funny, but above all, tough.
“He was one of the greats, and is sorely missed.”
courtesy of the artist and Universal Uclick/2012
 
Tony Auth was born in Akron, Ohio, in 1942 and by age 5, was drawing while bedridden for a year and a half, according to his website .
Mr. Auth received a degree in biological illustration in 1965 and worked as a medical artist before the era’s social upheaval stirred him to shift his focus to the body politic, soon drawing for the UCLA student newspaper and alternative newspapers.
Many of his colleagues cited Mr. Auth’s devotion as a family man. He is survived by his wife, Eliza, and two adult daughters.
(And on a personal note, it was Mr. Auth who encouraged me to begin creating art digitally instead of by pen and paper; within weeks, I was testing out his favorite iPad art apps. This big-hearted man seemed to know with great wisdom what other artists needed to hear. It was his gift for truly listening — and truly caring.)
“It’s been a great ride — 40 years,” he said to Comic Riffs.
Thank you, Mr. Auth, for your every illustrative view and viewpoint along that remarkable ride.
 
 
A Tony Auth voice-over animation for WHYY’s NewsWorks:
Writer/artist/visual storyteller Michael Cavna is creator of the "Comic Riffs" column and graphic-novel reviewer for The Post's Book World. He relishes sharp-eyed satire in most any form.

Need to lower inflation before cutting rates: Raghuram RajanRBI Governor Rajan has said that the central bank wants to bring down interest rates when it is 'feasible'.
Reuters | Mumbai | Posted: September 15, 2014 12:01 pm | Updated: September 15, 2014 2:02 pm
Stating that it is not just food prices that are persistently high but even those of other items which remain elevated, Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan today said prices across the board have to come down to enable him to reduce key rates.
“Inflation is high not only in food, but also in non-food items and the best solution for the country is to bring it down. Then I can cut interest rates,” Rajan told bankers at a summit organised by industry body Ficci here.
“I have no desire to keep interest rates high for even a second longer. I want to bring down interest rates when it is feasible and that would be when we have won the fight against inflation,” he said.
“There is no point in cutting interest rates to see inflation pick-up again,” Rajan said, adding that right now he thinks the central bank is continuing the way it proposed recently.
Taking a dig at the industry for its persistent demand to cut lending rates even when there is a price increase in the sector, the Governor asked them to bring down prices.
“When you do that then we will do that, we have no problem. Clearly you will have no consensus on this,” he said.
The August wholesale price inflation sharply declined to a near five-year low of 3.74 per cent on declining prices of vegetables and other food articles from 5.19 per cent in July and 6.99 per cent in August 2013.
However, the consumer price inflation which the RBI has adopted as a monetary policy gauge, still remains high. For August, it inched down marginally to 7.8 per cent from 7.96 per cent a month earlier.
The RBI is targeting retail inflation of eight per cent by January next year and six per cent by January 2016.

Obstacles for Apple Pay in India NEC working to get NFC payments on trackObstacles for Apple Pay in India? NEC working to get NFC payments on track
Nandagopal Rajan | New Delhi | Updated:  Sep 16 2014, 18:25  IST
Sep 16 2014, 18:25  IST
 

NASA to award space contract to Boeing and SpaceXBy Christian Davenport September 16 Follow @_chrisdavenport
Boeing was among three companies who bid for the next NASA contract to take astronauts into space. The company offered its CST-100 space capsule in the competition. (Boeing rendering)
NASA on Tuesday awarded a pair of much-anticipated contracts, worth up to $6.8 billion combined, to ferry astronauts to the International Space Station to Boeing and SpaceX in a deal that would allow the U.S. to launch astronauts into space from U.S. soil for the first time in years.
Speaking from the Kennedy Space Center in Florida, NASA Administrator Charles Bolden said the contracts set "the stage for what promises to be the most ambitious and exciting chapter in the history of NASA and human spaceflight.” Relying so heavily on contractors to take astronauts to space would allow the agency “to focus on an even more ambitious mission--that of sending humans to Mars,” he said.
The announcement of the “commercial crew” awards is a big step toward allowing the U.S. to end its reliance on Russia, which has been ferrying American astronauts to the space station since the retirement of the space shuttle three years ago. The arrangement hasn’t been cheap: the Russians currently charge $71 million per seat, and NASA has in a single year sent more than $400 million to Russia for these taxi rides. If the schedule doesn’t slip, and Boeing and SpaceX prove their vehicles are safe, NASA should see its astronauts launched on U.S. soil with American rockets by as early as 2017.
The awards represent a significant shift for NASA, which has long owned and operated its own rockets. Instead of going to space on government-owned vehicles, NASA’s astronauts would essentially rent space on ships provided by Boeing and SpaceX.
The contracts “highlight what commercial companies can accomplish and we are counting on them to deliver our most precious cargo,” said Kathy Lueders, NASA’s commercial crew program manager.
In addition to continuing to develop and test the companies’ vehicles, each contract calls for up to six flights to the space station once the ships are certified by NASA.
NASA announced that it was awarding contracts to Boeing and SpaceX on Tuesday, to fly astronauts to the International Space Station, ending U.S. dependency on Russia for transportation. (Reuters)
Boeing’s contract is worth up to $4.2 billion; SpaceX’s is valued at $2.6 billion. Lueders would not say exactly why Boeing received more but indicated that SpaceX proposed doing the work for less. Both contracts “have the same requirements and the companies proposed the value for which they were able to do the work, and the government accepted that,” she said.
For SpaceX, which is already the first private company to deliver cargo to the space station, the award is further evidence that it has transformed from start-up to a major a player in an industry long dominated by large, traditional companies, such as Boeing.
The two companies represent vastly different cultures in the space industry. Boeing is a so-called “old space” stalwart with decades of experience, contacts and lobbying might. SpaceX is the upstart California-based company founded by billionaire entrepreneur Elon Musk that has gleefully played the role of disrupter.
Musk, who also runs Tesla Motors, sued the Air Force earlier this year on a separate contract to launch military payloads, such as satellites, into space. He argued that SpaceX’s Falcon 9 rocket was a less expensive alternative that should be able to compete against the United Launch Alliance, the joint venture of Boeing and Lockheed Martin, which currently holds the contract.
Musk has relentlessly criticized Boeing for using the Atlas V, which uses a Russian-made engine.
United Launch Alliance is expected to counter that tomorrow by announcing that Blue Origin, the space startup founded by Amazon.com founder and Washington Post owner Jeff Bezos, would develop an American-made engine for the Atlas V, according to a person who is close to the arrangement who was not authorized to speak publicly.
Bezos and ULA chief executive Tory Bruno are scheduled to hold a news conference Wednesday afternoon at the National Press Club.
A ULA spokesperson did not respond to requests for comment. Blue Origin declined to comment.
Some lawmakers wanted NASA to go with a single company — and Boeing was always a front-runner. But others are pleased that the awards are going to two companies in an effort to foster competition and keep prices down.
“I think that’s the most important aspect of the decision -- that it is two companies,” said Michael Lopez-Alegria, the president of the Commercial Spaceflight Federation. “I’m more or less agnostic on which two companies but preserving competition is absolutely the right choice.”
Boeing offers a CST-100 capsule, which lands with parachutes and on cushions that deploy from the capsule. SpaceX’s Dragon capsule uses propulsion to land and can touch down, the company says, with the precision of a helicopter.
John Mulholland, vice president of commercial programs for Boeing Space Exploration, said the award was a natural extension of Boeing’s deacdes of work in the space program.
“We’re just really excited. We’re really proud to be able to continue our human spaceflight legacy. We’ve been partnering with NASA on every human spaceflight program dating back to Mercury,” NASA’s first manned-spaceflight program.
In a statement, Musk, who wants to colonize Mars, said the award “is a vital step in a journey that will ultimately take us to the stars and make humanity a multi-planet species."
Left out in the cold is Sierra Nevada Corp., which had developed a winged space plane known as the Dream Chaser that looked like a miniature space shuttle.
NASA hopes that investing government money into private enterprises will help touch off a broader commercial space industry. In addition to NASA, foreign governments, scientists and the super rich would also be able to buy seats on the ships, officials say.
Joel Achenbach contributed to this report.
Read More:

SBI cuts fixed deposit rates to 8.75% from 9%E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Surge is back  and its already selling like crazyBy Roberto A. Ferdman September 16 Follow @robferdman
Remember me? (Source: Coca-Cola Co.)
Coca-Cola has a little surprise for '90s nostalgics: Surge soda, the company's equivalent to Mountain Dew, is back.
The global soda giant began selling the "fully loaded citrus soda" on Monday , more than 12 years since the brand was discontinued. The relaunch is part of a combined effort with Amazon.com, the only place where 12-packs of 16-ounce cans are being sold.
"SURGE is back!" the product landing page reads .
It's also selling like crazy. Amazon ran out of initial supplies of Surge only hours after Coca-Cola first announced the re-release Monday morning,  according to the Huffington Post . Amazon managed to restock its supply of the novelty soda, but not for long— as of Tuesday afternoon, the online retailer is once again out of Surge. Customers can sign up to receive an e-mail once the soda is in stock again.
Coca-Cola debuted Surge in 1996, at a time when PepsiCo's Mountain Dew enjoyed a virtual monopoly on the U.S. market for citrus sodas. That year, Pepsi's offering accounted for more than three-quarters of all "heavy citrus" soda sales, while Coca-Cola's, Mello Yello, struggled, according to a New York Times article from that December.
Like Mountain Dew, the new brand, known as Surge, will be a bright, greenish-yellow citrus drink that will be high in calories and caffeine, compared with other soft drinks. Coke has been slow to mount a credible challenge to Mountain Dew, which had retail sales of $3 billion last year in the $52 billion industry, placing it first among so-called heavy citrus sodas. Mello Yello, which Coke has marketed regionally since 1979, has been a distant second.
With Surge, Coca-Cola managed to bite a chunk out of Mountain Dew's dominance. Just three years later, in 1999, Mountain Dew's market share had fallen  just over 66 percent . Advertisements for the new soda were nearly as excitable as the demand.
But soon the appeal of highly-caffeinated drinks waned, and schools, retailers and supermarkets stopped carrying it. In 2002, after years of falling sales, Coca-Cola pulled Surge from production.
The resurgence of Surge is owed at least in part to the soda's vocal social media fans, according to Coca-Cola. The Surge Movement, which was created for the sole purpose of bringing the citrus soda back into production, has nearly 150,000 likes on Facebook . The same community raised nearly $4,000 on Indie GoGo to buy a billboard near Coca-Cola's headquarters that read "Dear Coke, we couldn't buy SURGE, so we bought this billboard instead."
"Eventually, their creativity and passionate pleas caught the company’s attention," Coca-Cola said in a statement.
The return of Surge marks not only the first time Coca-Cola has reintroduced a discontinued product to the market, but also the first time Coca-Cola has sold any soda product exclusively online. If Surge continues to sell as it has over the past day, it likely won't be the last online exclusive.
"If expectations are met, this may be only the first of a variety of efforts we explore to launch niche products through e-commerce relationships," Wendy Clark, Coca-Cola's president of sparkling and strategic marketing, said in a written statement.
Roberto A. Ferdman is a reporter for Wonkblog covering food, economics, immigration and other things. He was previously a staff writer at Quartz.

MCFL shareholder moves SEBI against Zuari open offerMCFL shareholder moves SEBI against Zuari open offer
Can Modi reverse  made in China  sold in India  trendEYE BROWSE
Business over boundary
According to the Indian Government's official figures, the total direct Chinese investment in India is around a modest $500 million-a fourth of what China has invested in Myanmar at a time when India is in dire need of foreign investment.
By Ananth Krishnan | India Today –  Tue 16 Sep, 2014
Print
On a winter's morning in Beijing in 2011, Narendra Modi strolled into the plushly decorated banquet hall of the Raffles, the Chinese capital's most luxurious hotel. The then-Gujarat chief minister, dressed sharply in a safari suit, walked in to a room crowded with around 200 executives from some of China's biggest companies. For executives in the world's second-largest economy, sales pitches from heads of state, governors and politicians from the far corners of the globe are routine events. By 2020, China's out-bound investment is expected to reach $1-2 trillion, more than any other country, prompting somewhat of a new scramble for financing from Beijing. India, however, has been slow to embrace the China growth story.
The perception among many Chinese companies is that over the past decade, New Delhi has been somewhat averse to Chinese participation in many sectors of the economy. According to the Indian Government's official figures, the total direct Chinese investment in India is around a modest $500 million-a fourth of what China has invested in Myanmar at a time when India is in dire need of foreign investment. In a belated effort, New Delhi, in the late 2000s, began prodding state governments to reach out to China. Visits of delegations were, however, usually uninspiring events and ended up as little more than glorified sightseeing tours. Which was what made Modi's 2011 visit all the more memorable.
As Modi entered the Raffles ballroom, his team handed out to members of the audience slickly produced name-cards, all written in Mandarin Chinese. Narendra was now Nalan by accident or design, as one Chinese executive remarked, the well-chosen name of a beloved 17th century Qing Dynasty poet in China. Instead of having a bureaucrat deliver a sales pitch, Modi invited on stage Leng Yong, the vice-president of one of China's biggest energy companies, TBEA.
As Modi looked on, Leng launched into an unexpected-almost impassioned-account of his experience of doing business in Gujarat. He acknowledged the difficulties Chinese companies faced in India. "It can be difficult to under-stand Indian culture," he mused. But Modi's government had "given us help on every problem". He enthused about the state's roads and uninterrupted power supply; potholes and power cuts are perhaps China Inc's biggest anxieties about doing business in India. Leng ended his speech revealing that his company had a long-term plan to invest Rs 2,500 crore, or $400 million, in Gujarat.
Modi, for his part, promised Chinese companies "governance, transparency and accountability". "Our two great countries," he said, "will make Asia the centre stage of the global economy." He said he had seen the emergence of China-and the expanded role Asia would play in the world-"well before the economic analysts and financial experts" did.
Before flying back, Modi would confide that he was somewhat taken aback by the response he had received from his Chinese hosts. In 2011, Modi was far from a welcome visitor in most Western capitals. In China, however, he was given an audience with a member of the ruling Communist Party of China's (CPC) politburo in the Great Hall of the People. Not every visiting provincial leader is given that honour. What most surprised Modi, as he would tell this correspondent, was that he was received so warmly, "with every meeting running beyond the scheduled time", even though he was "not from the ruling party at the Centre".
Now that Modi is the man at the Centre, the expectation in China is that Prime Minister Modi will not be all that different from Chief Minister Modi, who made four visits to China and travelled widely around the country, visiting Special Economic Zones (SEZs) in Guangdong-where China's eco-nomic reforms first began-and large-scale projects elsewhere. Those visits have appeared to have left a deep impression on the Prime Minister, his closest advisers say. As National Security Adviser Ajit Doval puts it, Modi has, through his travels, "condensed the Chinese achievement into three words: speed, scale and skill. And Prime Minister Modi believes India should benefit from that".
The Modi effect
What will this mean for India's relations with China, and for a bilateral relation-ship that has been weighed down more by strategic considerations-such as the boundary dispute-than economic matters? India's trade ties with China have only begun to take off in the past decade. In the decades after the 1962 war, there was little or no movement of either people or goods. Ties were only normalised in 1988, when Rajiv Gandhi visited China.
It was, however, the visit of another BJP Prime Minister-Atal Bihari Vajpayee-in 2003 that paved the way for the rapid growth in trade ties. When Vajpayee visited China, bilateral trade stood at $2-3 billion. In 2011, trade reached a record $73 billion, propelling China to become India's largest trading partner. That Modi hails from the same party has fed into the perception in Beijing that the BJP, despite being seen as a more nationalist party, isn't averse to dealing with China. As one former Chinese diplomat puts it, "In China some have the view that because BJP governments may be stronger, they are also easier to do business with."
Made in China, sold in India
The soaring trade relationship was driven largely by two factors: China's in-satiable appetite for raw materials as it went on an infrastructure building boom in the years leading up to the 2008 Olympics, and India's urgent need for machinery and power equipment. Today, one in four power plants in India operates using some Chinese equipment, while Chinese telecom giants such as Huawei and ZTE have supplied most of the equipment that has under-pinned India's telecom revolution. The-re has, however, been little in the way of mutual investments across the border that allow for economic engagement that is far deeper than a merely buying-selling relationship.
Much of this trade has passed through Guangdong, the wealthy province in the southern manufacturing heartland that caught Modi's interest when he visited China. During the peak of India's iron ore trade with China, as much as 10 million tonnes of ore were shipped across the South China Sea every month. Much of it found its way to the sprawling port of Guangzhou, from where it was transported to factories such as those of the Sealink Corp-oration. Sealink's assembly lines out-side Guangzhou present a snapshot of the India-China growth story: here, the ores from India are shaped into escalators, door handles, cabinets, staircase railings and a variety of other furnishings. Sealink's products are sold all over India under the Godrej label. Today, the new airports of Bangalore, Hyderabad and Chennai are, in part, furnished by Sealink. From Guangdong's very factories that devour India's resources, Chinese products-everything from transformers, telecom equipment and cell phones to plastic buckets and furniture-are made and shipped back to India.
The skewed equation
If Guangdong is China's factory, neigh-bouring Zhejiang province is China's marketplace. Every year, more than 3.6 lakh Indian businessmen descend on Yiwu to source everything from electrical appliances to statues of Indian gods and goddesses. Three out of four foreign traders in Yiwu are Indian. Last year, Yiwu shipped close to $800 million worth of goods to India. India's appetite for cheap products has gone so far as building a micro-economy in China catering entirely to India.
The Indian market has enabled the rise of Chinese entrepreneurs like Zhao Qingfeng, who has made a fortune through his factories that produce remarkably rendered images and statues of Indian gods and goddesses. Yiwu entrepreneurs estimate there are three dozen or so Chinese companies that now produce images and statues of Indian gods and goddesses; half of them are even listed on China's eBay, Taobao, selling directly to Indian businesses. Zhao says, "Our business survives on the Indian market."
This booming-and symbiotic- trade relationship has, however, begun to falter. Since 2011, when trade crossed $70 billion for the first time, trade has declined for two consecutive years, falling to $65 billion last year. More alarmingly, the trade imbalance in China's favour has continued to widen. Indian exports to China have all but collapsed. Out of two-way trade of $65.8 billion in 2013-14, India's exports ac-counted for less than $15 billion.
One reason for the slowdown is the fall in Indian exports of iron ore, which declined from a high of 110 million tonnes in 2009 to just 12 million tonnes in 2013, according to industry figures. An immediate reason was the mining ban in Goa and Karnataka. The decline, however, is also structural: after a decade of binge-spending on infrastructure projects, China's steel industry is now in decline, suffering from overcapacity. As traders in Yiwu com-plain, the factory model is also fast nearing an end.
Guangdong to Gujarat
What Modi plans to do, his advisers say, is revive-and overhaul-this now faltering and skewed trading model, end India's reliance on procuring from China, and instead, bring Chinese companies to India to invest and manufacture locally. Doing so will fundamentally transform the nature of India-China relations. No longer merely transactional, the relationship will be driven by Chinese companies manufacturing in dedicated industrial parks in India. The first such park is likely to be unveiled during President Xi Jinping's September 16-18 visit to Gujarat and New Delhi.
In essence, what Modi hopes to achieve is to replicate China's Guangdong model in Gujarat and elsewhere in India. The view in Beijing is that the relationship may soon be reaching an inflection point that will see economic ties take precedence over strategic differences and that the western frontier with India will no longer remains a prickly issue even if it is unsettled.
Chinese officials and executives believe that in the past, strategic considerations have limited the scope of economic ties. While India has under-standable limits on Chinese involvement in some sectors, such as telecommunications, for strategic reasons-China too has similar barriers-Chinese business-men routinely complain of difficulties in acquiring visas. Indian IT companies, for their part, have struggled to obtain contracts with Chinese state-run enterprises. "We hope that India, like Modi's Gujarat, will be more investor-friendly," said one executive who attended a meeting with Modi in 2011. The wide perception among Chinese executives is that in the past decade, India was simply "too much trouble" when it came to investing. A case in point: the Chinese billionaire construction tycoon Liang Wengen once complained to Indian officials that even though his company-the construction giant Sany had invested mil-lions in a manufacturing facility in Pune, he was still being denied security clearance to land his private jet in Pune.
Tang Lu, a Beijing-based scholar who is a senior editor with China's official Xinhua news agency, says that the wide perception in China is that Modi is a "pro-investment" and "economics-driven leader". Modi, however, is also seen as a strong leader who "may take a much stronger stance than the UPA government on the border and Tibet". "But on the economic aspect," she says, the view is that "he will be much more pragmatic".
Perhaps the biggest-and most in-scrutable-factor that may yet decide the fate of Modi's China project is the unusual-and parallel-rise of two similar and strong leaders on both sides of the border. Xi Jinping, like Modi, is seen in China as a strong leader who is a realist on economics but non-compromising on national security. Xi, the son of a reform-minded former leader, Xi Zhongxun, who played a key role in Guangdong opening up and launching SEZs, has become the strongest Chinese leader to emerge since "paramount leader" Deng Xiaoping in the 1970s, says Beijing historian Zhang Lifan. Gone are the days when a major diplomatic decision would require the consensus of the nine-member Politburo Standing Committee, besides the People's Liberation Army. "Unlike (former leader) Hu Jintao, Xi has greater authority, including with the army," says Zhang. He also heads the National Security Commission and has centralised decision-making power earlier shared among the top leaders.
How the two strong leaders will en-gage with one another remains uncertain. Doval says both leaders struck a "close rapport" when they met in Brazil in July. Xi even said he saw parallels in their two stories. "My impression is they both feel that they can work well together," Doval says.
Follow the writer on Twitter @ananthkrishnan
Reproduced From India Today. © 2014. LMIL. All rights reserved.
Recommend

WR decision to empanel advocates below 60 yrs leaves retired staffupsetPrint
Written by Kalpana Verma | Mumbai | Posted: September 17, 2014 4:07 am
Western Railway (WR) has decided to empanel those advocates whose age is below sixty years, resulting in a setback to its own retired staff which would take up legal practice to help railways fight in legal cases in the Railway Claim’s Tribunal.
The retired employees of WR have called this decision “unconstitutional”, citing that most law graduate government employees decide to practice after their retirement.
Within the Railways, such retired staff are hired in departments such as Claims, Vigilance, Legal to help the administration to contest cases. Retired railway servicemen, who had a knowledge of railway functioning,  were preferred for their competency until the new rule. As per a Railway Board circular dated November 5 1985, all advocates are to be appointed by the railway administration to contest the cases.
As per the procedure, while 12 of the 31 advocates who had applied for the empanelment were found suitable in 2012, the then General Manager, Mahesh Kumar, had quashed the procedure.
“On June 30 2013, the additional General Manager had ordered that the entire proposal be mooted completely afresh  ‘abinitio’,” said a former railway employee, who is working with railways as an advocate.
The new procedure took 15 months, during which a fresh notification was issued for empanelment of Railway advocates on June 11, 2013. The entire procedure was the same until WR formulated new policy guidelines as recommended by the committee of Chief Personnel Office and Senior Deputy General Manager on September 9, 2013 in which the age limit of advocates was prescribed within 60 years. “This revised procedure is contrary to the prescribed Railway Board procedure and is a violation of fundamental rights under the Constitution. Since 2008, only five advocates were contesting cases. Ironically, the official who was interviewing advocates, is only a 10th standard pass,” said an advocate from Central Railway (CR).
On WR, the empanelment of railway advocates was done from December 11, 2008 to December 10, 2011 as per Railway Board circular. In November 2012, the procedure of new empanelment was initiated, which was approved in February 2012 by a competent authority. A total of 31 advocates had applied for the empanelment. In this procedure, principal judge city civil court Mumbai were asked twice, government advocate and bar council were to recommend the name of suitable advocates. After receiving recommendations and being interviewed by Deputy Chief Claims Officer and Deputy General Manager Law, 12 advocates were found suitable. On Central Railway, a notification for empanelment of railway advocates was issued following which a panel of 15 advocates was formed,  out of which three are more than 60 years old.
kalpana.verma@expressindia.com

Will complete assessment of assets held by Gavit  kin by March 2016  IT tells HighCourtPrint
Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: September 17, 2014 4:22 am
The Income Tax department Tuesday told the Bombay High Court that it would complete the  assessment of the income tax and wealth tax details of former NCP leader Vijaykumar Gavit, his wife and his brother by March 31, 2016. Gavit, a former cabinet minister, recently joined the BJP.
Following a PIL filed by Nashik-based activist V R Musale, the Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) had earlier informed the court that it had, prima facie, found substance in the allegations of disproportionate assets made against Gavit.
In July, the IT department had told the court that it had reopened the cases of returns filed by Gavit, his wife Kumidini and his brother Sharad. The department’s counsel N N Singh submitted an affidavit that stated that the income tax officer in Dhule had initiated the scrutiny assessment of income tax and wealth tax paid by the trio from the assessment year 2007-08 to 2013-14.
The affidavit filed by Ravindrakumar Jain, the income tax officer-1, Nashik, stated that the assessment of income tax paid by Gavit and his two family members for the year 2007-08 will be completed by March 31, 2015, the assessment for the years 2008-09 to 2013-14 will be completed by march 31, 2016.
“The wealth tax assessment of Gavit and Kaumudini for the years 2007-08 to 2011-12 will be completed by March 31, 2015, while that for the years 2012-13 to 2013-14 will be completed by March 31, 2016. The immovable properties shown by these assesssees (Gavits) have been duly referred to the valuation officer for ascertaining their fair market value on the last of the accounting period,” Jain’s affidavit stated.
The affidavit further stated that the assessing officer Sham Jagtap, who was in-charge of these cases, was hospitalised on August 26 due to a severe heart-attack and is on medical leave. Assessing officer who holds additional charge A A Dhatrak took over the case on August 28.
“This office has also issued, time and again, instructions and directions to assessing officer to accelerate the pace of scrutiny proceedings as also, always, to be in touch with the investigating officer, i.e. the deputy superintendent of police, and exchange the information which will be useful for completion of scrutiny assessments so also useful for the investigating officer.”
In a letter of May 28, an IT officer from Dhule wrote that during the assessment years of 2007-08 to 2013-14, Gavit’s ‘returned income’ column showed between Rs 44, 250 to Rs 5.10 lakh. However, his wealth tax returns were between Rs 51 lakh upto Rs 60 lakh. Kumidini’s ‘returned income’ under wealth tax was between Rs 16 lakh to Rs 3.69 crore.
mumbai.newsline@expressindia.com

Take stringent action against industries polluting Ulhas river  green panel tellsMPCBPrint
Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: September 17, 2014 4:18 am | Updated: September 17, 2014 4:19 am
The National Green Tribunal (NGT) has ordered the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB) to take stringent action against industries along Ulhas river that continue to discharge industrial effluent beyond admissible limits. “There are large number of industries which still are found not complying with the standards and MPCB assures that immediate action will be initiated against the defaulting industries and the report on the action taken will be submitted within a period of six weeks,” said the order.
The permissible level of pollutants in the discharge of industries is limited to 2200 mg/l Chemical Oxygen Demand (COD) before reaching the Common Effluent Treatment Plant (CETP), and the permissible limits for treated effluent reaching the Ulhas river is 250 mg/l COD. However, the affidavit filed by the MPCB has found that several industries are not complying with these standards.
The tribunal, comprising Justice V R Kingaonkar and expert member Ajay Deshpande, was hearing an application by NGO Vanashakti which alleged that industries were severely polluting the Ulhas river and sought a clean-up of the river.
Even the CETP performance was “not up to the mark” during the last six months, MPCB officials stated. Consequently, the MPCB has issued a direction to Dombivali Better Environment System Association (DBESA) and has forfeited the bank guarantee of the Dombivali Common Effluent Treatment Plant.
Moreover, the board found two industries generating excess effluent by utilising excess water from tankers and assured the tribunal that “appropriate action” will be taken against the units. The MPCB undertook the inspection only after the tribunals order, based on a complaint from petitioner NGO Vanashakti. Meanwhile, the Ulhasnagar Municipal Corporation (UMC) has commenced the tendering process for contract to clean up the Ulhas river.
mumbai.newsline@expressindia.com

Lakes full  no water supply cut till July 2015:BMCPrint
Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: September 17, 2014 4:14 am
With the lake levels rising every day, it is unlikely that the city will face water supply cuts till the end of July 2015, officials in the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) said.
Five of the seven major lakes supplying water to the city have already started overflowing and water levels in all the seven lakes —Tansa, Modak Sagar, Vehar, Tulsi, Uppar Vaitarna, Middle Vaitarna and Bhatsa—stand at 14.25 lakh million litres as on September 15, 1.20 lakh million litres more than what was recorded the same day last year.
All the seven lakes can together hold 14.5 lakh million litres of water.
This is for the first time that the civic body has managed to stock water up to this level, owing to the newly constructed Middle Vaitarna, which has a capacity to store 1.9 lakh million litres and supply 455 million litres a day to the city.
By the first week of October, the city needs a water stock of 14.47 lakh million litres till the onset of the next monsoons.
The water level in Bhatsa lake, which accounts for more than 50 per cent of the city’s water supply, is also inching close to its maximum of 142.07 metres. It currently stands at 141.49 metres.
Since the catchment areas received less rainfall in June this year, a 20 per cent water supply cut was imposed in July for all residential and commercial properties. As the lakes did not receive enough rains in the first two weeks of July too, the supply cut was increased to 50 per cent for commercial users in the city.
The civic body had also sought to introduce cloud-seeding technology earlier in June, but the idea was later dropped after the city received adequate rainfall.
mumbai.newsline@expressindia.com

Exosuit  Mission to 2 000-Year-Old Shipwreck Beginsexosuit  mission to 2 000-year-old shipwreck begins
Sell bharti. book profits and relax. rupee is depreciating. even a do...Silver Member
6 Followers
Sell Bharti. Book profits and relax.  Rupee is depreciating. Even a down move of 2 percent of the rupee against the dollar would increase the company`s debt by more than a 1000 crore.
5.19 AM Sep 17th  | Track

Great work vindkraft...read these 2 posts....as in he is nt giving a h...Page 2 of 4...
Why do you put after the EEG amendment now not going right?
It`s that fast not, especially not at the offshore wind farms. This multi-billion dollar major projects have lead times of two to three years, before ever a single wind turbine can be set into the sea. We are therefore able to start production before 2015. But in fact, it is again moving in the market. Negotiations with companies that wanted to build wind farms, then hesitated or projects all put on ice, we have resumed. These are jobs where we were formerly quite far, since only lacked the signatures.
And then came with Economics Minister Philipp Rösler of the FDP and Environment Minister Peter Altmeier of the CDU until the deadlock on the EEG and before the federal election uncertainty - with the result that in 2013 you have not sold a single offshore turbine.
This is unfortunately true. This year will not repeat. We supply 48 wind mills for the Nordsee Ost wind farm to the electricity company RWE . And we negotiate again over deferred contracts.
Can you give details?
There are three wind farms, one with 20, one with 50 and one with 80 turbines in the North Sea.
Current of the high seas is considered cost drivers in the EEG surcharge. How do you change that?
That the entire offshore industry must be effective, it is clear for years each. But it has already done a lot. In the initial phase we had to shimmy still a bottleneck to the next: sometimes there was not enough wind turbines, then not enough assembly ships, too few underwater cables or personnel. That`s all fixed. Now we`re working hard to cut costs.
Windkraft: Die größten AnlagenbauerWindkraft: Die größten AnlagenbauerWindkraft: Die größten Anlagenbauer
What leverage is there specifically for you as a wind turbine manufacturers?
Of course you can simply try to customize existing wind turbines cheaper. But what has a much larger lever, is the advancement of technology ...
So ... to increase efficiency.
Our offshore turbine type 6.2 M 152, whose prototype we are building, has 152 meters instead of the previous 126-meter-long rotor blades. This brings an additional yield of 20 percent on the same site.
The system will then cost but more?
No, it should not cost more than the previous model. This is the clear goal. Also, increasing the life of the wind turbines from 20 to 25 years lowers costs. There are also significant savings in foundation. Most offshore turbines have been placed on three-legged steel giants, called tripods. Now, so-called monopiles used in which only a foundation tube is driven into the seabed. This makes the anchorage, the shipment of the foundations and of course the material cheaper.
Your sales decline of about 20 percent was primarily due to the elimination of the US business. How could this happen?
By tapping huge shale gas reserves using fracking technology, the electricity prices in the United States has dropped so dramatically that the construction of new wind farms no longer profitable. We had in 2012 to around 100 million in sales there. They are gone. Although we could make up for it in Canada a bit, but nowhere in these dimensions.
Is this business further so unpleasant?
Dispute over offshore division
Hochtief Manager denounce manipulated figures
Fraunhofer study energy transition needs offshore wind farms
Offshore energy
The new race the wind industry
No. Incoming orders in the first months of the fiscal year, which runs at us from April 2014 to March 2015, about ten percent higher than the same period last year. Revenue grew in a similar order of magnitude. It is also important for us, the projected annual sales we have as much already recorded in its books. And since it looks pretty good. We were able to log-around 90 percent, and that of a value which is slightly higher than the previous year of 1.8 billion euros. The two-billion mark, we will probably not reach this year.
Offshore wind farms are almost exclusively of European industry giants like Siemens and Senvion or Areva supplies from France. Why do we hear nothing of the ambitious Chinese suppliers?
In offshore we do not meet these competitors. That does not surprise us however. Because we and the other European producers have more than ten years experience advantage in this highly complicated profession. This is not at all comparable with onshore projects or even with photovoltaic parks.
4.58 AM Sep 17th

Yes dear and it will come because market is in correction mode and eve...Platinum Member
199 Followers
Tata Teleservices (Maharashtra) Limited shows a strong development within a rising trend channel. A further positive development is indicated, and there is support against the floor of the trend channel. Gave a negative signal from a head and shoulders formation by the break down through the support at 11.76. Further fall to 9.80 or lower is signaled. The stock has support at rupee 8.40 and resistance at rupee 13.70. Volume tops and volume bottoms correspond well with tops and bottoms in the price. This strengthens the trend. RSI diverges positively against the price, which indicates a possibility for a reaction up. The RSI curve shows a rising trend, which supports the positive trend. The stock is overall assessed as technically positive for the medium long term. You are struck at top level and see if this stock can turn up because market is in correction mode. chani
11.51 PM Sep 18th

Page 2 of 4... why do you put after the eeg amendment now not go...Page 2 of 4...
Why do you put after the EEG amendment now not going right?
It`s that fast not, especially not at the offshore wind farms. This multi-billion dollar major projects have lead times of two to three years, before ever a single wind turbine can be set into the sea. We are therefore able to start production before 2015. But in fact, it is again moving in the market. Negotiations with companies that wanted to build wind farms, then hesitated or projects all put on ice, we have resumed. These are jobs where we were formerly quite far, since only lacked the signatures.
And then came with Economics Minister Philipp Rösler of the FDP and Environment Minister Peter Altmeier of the CDU until the deadlock on the EEG and before the federal election uncertainty - with the result that in 2013 you have not sold a single offshore turbine.
This is unfortunately true. This year will not repeat. We supply 48 wind mills for the Nordsee Ost wind farm to the electricity company RWE . And we negotiate again over deferred contracts.
Can you give details?
There are three wind farms, one with 20, one with 50 and one with 80 turbines in the North Sea.
Current of the high seas is considered cost drivers in the EEG surcharge. How do you change that?
That the entire offshore industry must be effective, it is clear for years each. But it has already done a lot. In the initial phase we had to shimmy still a bottleneck to the next: sometimes there was not enough wind turbines, then not enough assembly ships, too few underwater cables or personnel. That`s all fixed. Now we`re working hard to cut costs.
Windkraft: Die größten AnlagenbauerWindkraft: Die größten AnlagenbauerWindkraft: Die größten Anlagenbauer
What leverage is there specifically for you as a wind turbine manufacturers?
Of course you can simply try to customize existing wind turbines cheaper. But what has a much larger lever, is the advancement of technology ...
So ... to increase efficiency.
Our offshore turbine type 6.2 M 152, whose prototype we are building, has 152 meters instead of the previous 126-meter-long rotor blades. This brings an additional yield of 20 percent on the same site.
The system will then cost but more?
No, it should not cost more than the previous model. This is the clear goal. Also, increasing the life of the wind turbines from 20 to 25 years lowers costs. There are also significant savings in foundation. Most offshore turbines have been placed on three-legged steel giants, called tripods. Now, so-called monopiles used in which only a foundation tube is driven into the seabed. This makes the anchorage, the shipment of the foundations and of course the material cheaper.
Your sales decline of about 20 percent was primarily due to the elimination of the US business. How could this happen?
By tapping huge shale gas reserves using fracking technology, the electricity prices in the United States has dropped so dramatically that the construction of new wind farms no longer profitable. We had in 2012 to around 100 million in sales there. They are gone. Although we could make up for it in Canada a bit, but nowhere in these dimensions.
Is this business further so unpleasant?
Dispute over offshore division
Hochtief Manager denounce manipulated figures
Fraunhofer study energy transition needs offshore wind farms
Offshore energy
The new race the wind industry
No. Incoming orders in the first months of the fiscal year, which runs at us from April 2014 to March 2015, about ten percent higher than the same period last year. Revenue grew in a similar order of magnitude. It is also important for us, the projected annual sales we have as much already recorded in its books. And since it looks pretty good. We were able to log-around 90 percent, and that of a value which is slightly higher than the previous year of 1.8 billion euros. The two-billion mark, we will probably not reach this year.
Offshore wind farms are almost exclusively of European industry giants like Siemens and Senvion or Areva supplies from France. Why do we hear nothing of the ambitious Chinese suppliers?
In offshore we do not meet these competitors. That does not surprise us however. Because we and the other European producers have more than ten years experience advantage in this highly complicated profession. This is not at all comparable with onshore projects or even with photovoltaic parks.
4.58 AM Sep 17th

7 Indian firms to make Hepatitis C drugUpdated: September 15, 2014 23:39 IST
7 Indian firms to make Hepatitis C drug
Special Correspondent
preventive medicine
U.S. pharmaceutical major Gilead Sciences signs non-exclusive licensing agreements with these firms
In a move to make the treatment for Hepatitis C more affordable in developing markets, U.S. pharmaceutical major Gilead Sciences, on Monday, signed non-exclusive licensing agreements with seven Indian generic pharmaceutical companies to manufacture it.
Gilead signed agreements to make sofosbuvir and the investigational single tablet regimen of ledipasvir / sofosbuvir for distribution in 91 developing countries.
A statement from the company said it signed agreements with Cadila Healthcare, Cipla, Hetero Labs, Mylan Laboratories, Ranbaxy Laboratories, Sequent Scientific and Strides Arcolab.
The countries within the agreement account for more than 100 million people living with Hepatitis C, representing 54 per cent of the total global infected population.
According to World Health Organization, 130-150 million globally have Hepatitis C infection and in India alone, it is estimated that 10-20 million patients are infected with Hepatitis C which is several fold greater than those with HIV/AIDS. A large number of patients develop liver cirrhosis and liver cancer.
Sofosbuvir is considered a breakthrough and in combination therapy has high cure rates. Sofosbuvir was approved under the trade name Sovaldi by the U.S. Food & Drug Administration (FDA) in December 2013 and by the European Commission in January 2014.
Technology transfer
Gilead said the FDA and European Medicines Agency were now reviewing the company’s applications for a single tablet regimen of ledipasvir/sofosbuvir, an investigational agent and its safety and efficacy had not yet been established.
Under the licensing agreements, the Indian companies will receive a complete technology transfer of the Gilead manufacturing process to enable them to scale up production as quickly as possible.
“The licensees also set their own prices for the generic product they produce, paying a royalty on sales to Gilead to support product registrations, medical education and training, safety monitoring and other essential business activities,” Gilead said. The licences also permit the manufacture of sofosbuvir or ledipasvir in combination with other chronic Hepatitis C medicines.
“In developing countries, large-volume generic manufacturing and distribution is widely regarded as a key component in expanding access to medicines. These agreements are essential to advancing the goals of our humanitarian programme in these countries,’’ Gregg Alton, EVP, Corporate & Medical Affairs, Gilead Sciences, said in a statement.
Keywords: Gilead Sciences ,  Hepatitis C drug ,  Cadila Healthcare ,  Cipla ,  Hetero Labs ,  Mylan Laboratories ,  Ranbaxy Laboratories ,  Sequent Scientific ,  Strides Arcolab
RELATED NEWS

Indias fast powerPrime Minister Narendra Modi being welcomed by Foreign Minister Sushma Swaraj upon his arrival at AFS Palam in New Delhi on Wednesday, Sept 3, after his Japan tour. (Source: PTI photo)
Written by Sanjaya Baru | Posted: September 16, 2014 2:10 am
Wrapping up an account of the Narendra Modi government’s foreign policy activism in its first hundred days in office, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj claimed last week that Indian diplomacy had moved into high gear with its “fast-track diplomacy”. The foreign ministry’s public diplomacy division has published a colourful booklet filled with photographic evidence of the government’s impressive global engagement in the past three months.
In claiming credit for this diplomatic activism, the foreign minister has drawn attention to a new facet of power in the contemporary world, which John Chipman of the International Institute for Strategic Studies (IISS) explored in an essay for the Munich Security Conference of 2013. Students of international relations and diplomacy are familiar with Joseph Nye’s concept of hard power and soft power as well as Hillary Clinton’s smart power.
Chipman suggested, on more recent evidence, that a nation state’s ability to influence developments in an increasingly complex and fast-changing world, other things being equal, is determined by the “speed” of its diplomacy. Thus, proposed Chipman, fast power matters too.
While hard power and soft power are necessary attributes of sustainable power projection by nation states, smart and fast power can help nations, big and small, find their way through or adapt to complex and rapidly changing strategic environments. By acting “fast”, the Modi government can claim it has more than neutralised, in a short period of time, the negative impact of its predecessor’s months of inaction. While critics and cynics may dismiss this activism as nothing more than photo-ops and collecting flying miles, a la Hillary Clinton (the most travelled foreign minister in history), the MEA’s “fast-track diplomacy” booklet is indeed an impressive document, in that it shows clarity of purpose in all this speedy activism.
The booklet itself draws attention to four different categories of diplomatic engagement by Modi and Swaraj: first, with South Asian neighbours, second, with East and West Asian “neighbours”, third, with the five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council (P-5) and, finally, India’s most important economic and strategic partners, led now by Japan and including Australia, Brazil, South Africa and Singapore. Within its first 100 days in office, the Modi government has engaged all.
Swaraj’s last port of call at the end of the 100 days was, interestingly, Bahrain. This writer was in Bahrain watching Swaraj manoeuvre her way through the increasingly complex and charged West Asian diplomatic minefield. While Swaraj’s Bahraini hosts were delighted, many West Asia watchers raised their eyebrows, speculating on the significance of her choice.
Recall the fact that the first foreign visitor Swaraj continued…

How not to draft regulationGiving any one bank the power to inflict a boycott by all banks is a throwback to the age of khap panchayats. (Source: Reuters photo)
Written by Ajay Shah | Posted: September 16, 2014 2:14 am
The September 9 ruling of the Gujarat High Court has raised questions about RBI regulations on “wilful default”. While India needs to do much more to strengthen the rights of creditors, this should be grounded in the foundations of liberal democracy. Our well-justified outrage about the misbehaviour of some borrowers does not warrant losing sight of constitutional principles.
Say there are two persons, P and Q. You have a contractual dispute with P. When P becomes unhappy with you, the law requires Q to punish you. That is, the coercive power of the state, which forces Q to punish you, is being placed at the disposal of a non-state actor, P, without checks or balances. Such an arrangement would raise many questions.
The RBI’s approach to wilful default is similar. If a bank, P, determines that your default is wilful, all other banks are forced to punish you. P gives you a bad name, and then all other banks, Q, are forced — by RBI regulations — to hang you. The formal processes of enforcement are missing. Non-state actors don’t have the appropriate skills or incentives when it comes to justice. There is no mechanism for judicial review either. The RBI’s regulations on wilful defaulters violate principles of the rule of law.
A khap panchayat engineering a village-wide boycott against someone it deems to be an offender is not the rule of law. If a law has been broken, the case should go through the due process of a chargesheet and a judge, and then the state should punish the guilty. Giving any one bank the power to inflict a boycott by all banks is a throwback to the age of khap panchayats. The September 9 Gujarat High Court ruling expressed some of these problems. But the trouble with the RBI’s regulation on wilful default runs much deeper. India does have a problem with promoters who borrow and then fail to repay.
But our outrage with their behaviour does not justify abandoning the foundations of liberal democracy. We must not indulge in knee-jerk responses. The way forward involves solving the deeper problems of corporate bankruptcy while being anchored in sound legal philosophy.
We must question the tag, “wilful”. Debt is a contract, and default is a violation of the contract. The intent of the person who violates the contract is impossible to assess and irrelevant for the purpose of enforcement. What we need is a bankruptcy code, which kicks in when firms default. The establishment of the T.K. Viswanathan Committee by the ministry of finance is a key initiative in economic policy reform. This bankruptcy code must be grounded in the rule of continued…

Withering away of a revolutionBy: C R Sasikumar
Written by R K Vij | Posted: September 16, 2014 2:06 am | Updated: September 16, 2014 7:57 am
The recent surge in the surrender of Maoist cadres, particularly in Dandakaranya, seems to be a reality check for the protagonists of Maoist ideology, who claim that only a protracted armed struggle can bring about social transformation in a class-ridden society. Maoists of all hues — members of military formations or the People’s Liberation Guerilla Army (PLGA), political formations and the Janatana Sarkar (people’s government) — are leaving the so-called “revolutionary” path they had pledged to tread when joining the movement against the feudal and semi-colonial ruling class. The romance of the armed struggle for capturing power is, perhaps, waning.
There are three main reasons for the surrender of Maoist cadres. The first and foremost is the realisation of the futility of the (people’s) war. More than three decades of violence have not produced any convincing results. Whatever existed in the name of development has been vandalised by the Maoists. An ex-president of the Janatana Sarkar in the Indravati (Maad) area, venting his frustration while surrendering, said that he was fed up with the Maoists’ lofty claims and false promises of realising collective party goals, and that the party has little to show in terms of achievements. Another cadre said he had joined the Maoists because he had seen only Naxalites in the jungles of Maad. But when he encountered the real world outside Maad, he decided to join the mainstream. A former member of the Chetna Natya Manch (CNM), of the Dandakaranya Special Zonal Committee (DKSZC), said the party could no longer charm people with its revolutionary songs and dances to make them join up. Despite their serious efforts, more cadres are now leaving than joining. People’s support, the cornerstone of any revolution, has been eroding steadily.
Second, the police’s continuous persuasion has resulted in a change of mind and heart in many cadres, who had been brainwashed by the Maoists. The police have been approaching Maoists’ family members with the government’s surrender and rehabilitation (S&R) schemes. A “back-home” programme initiated by the former Gadchiroli superintendent of police, Suvez Haque, and followed by many others has proven efficacious. This has also helped the police gain the trust of Maoist cadres who have become disgruntled with their decision to tread the path of bloodshed. Often, pamphlets are distributed in local markets and hung in remote areas, so that the message of returning to the mainstream may reach wandering Maoist cadres. One dalam commander on surrender revealed that when such posters were being put up by a villager, he had grabbed one and decided to surrender with his weapon, as it carried a huge reward. The media, due to its pervasiveness, has also played a significant role in spreading awareness of such schemes.
Third, many Maoist cadres are deserting because of personal reasons. After tying the marital knot in forest camps, they are not allowed to enjoy married life. Therefore, many couples are surrendering. The killings continued…

And then the waters roseStatements coming from the chief minister do not indicate that there are reassuring, competent professionals in government with a handle on ongoing relief measures.
Written by Jaya Jaitly | Posted: September 16, 2014 2:06 am
As August slipped into September, Kashmir was its usual idyllic, picturesque self. The evening sun was gentle and golden, readying to welcome the next phase of the tourist season. Jewellery shops at Lal Chowk were open on Sundays, heralding the wedding season. Citizens in areas like Rajbagh, Gogji Bagh, Sonawar and Jawahar Nagar were tending their gardens for the next burst of chrysanthemums. Roads were lined with shops signifying new development activity. They had modern glass facades and offered the latest in tiles, taps, wall paint, cement and upholstery. The banks of the Jhelum were finally landscaped after lying unkempt for over 40 years. Impending elections added to the sense of activity, with local predictions from Muslims and Hindus alike that the BJP could well form the next government in the state, albeit perhaps in coalition with the PDP. It was expected to do well in Jammu and Ladakh and pick up a few seats in the Kashmir valley to stake a claim. Most had given up on the National Conference.
A visitor familiar with the turbulence in Kashmir over the last 25 years would have noticed the sense of security, stability and well being manifested by the frenetic construction activity going on in most areas, from large new houses along the airport road to renovations in private dwellings and craft workshops and showrooms in the inner lanes of the old city. Within the city, one could see hostile wall slogans like “India go back” in only two or three places. Most local residents toss off questions about the Hurriyat Conference’s Syed Ali Shah Geelani or Yasin Malik with dismissive comments about their irrelevance. Chief Minister Omar Abdullah had recently taken to defending the cosy tea party between the Hurriyat and the Pakistan high commissioner. The people described this as a sure sign that he felt politically weak and insecure. They recalled how even Sheikh Abdullah at one time, and during the last decade the PDP, had done the same.
This backdrop is necessary as a contrast to the grave natural disaster that hit the state of Jammu & Kashmir and Pakistan Occupied Kashmir overnight. The prime minister of India lost no time in personally assessing the damage and lending support to the disaster management effort. The defence services, which have been the target of politically organised dissent for so long, have pulled out every stop to rescue stranded citizens.
Today, several individuals are caught in a strange contradiction of their own making as they praise the army for itsrescue but curse the media for publicising this.
Disaster brought forth offers of mutual assistance from the political leadership of India and Pakistan, although Pakistan’s elected leader continued…

Britain on the brinkScottish First Minister Alex Salmond has sold freedom as a lollipop, a sweet to be enjoyed on its own merit.
Posted: September 16, 2014 2:11 am
It’s the passionate poetry of freedom versus the cold prose of facts, the sweetness of “yes” against a churlish “no”. On September 18, more than 40 lakh Scottish voters go to a poll on whether to leave the United Kingdom and become an independent nation. The stakes for both are existential. A poll of opinion polls on September 10 put the break-up vote at 48 per cent and unity vote at 52 per cent. But on the ground, the razor’s edge is sharper.
Blame the existence of the referendum on glorious British democracy and a little bit of smugness. Self-rule powers have been devolved to Scotland for decades, giving it a parliament. Yet the Scots voted the separatist Scottish National Party (SNP) to power in 2011. This implied that a sizeable number of people in Scotland wanted to leave Britain, and British Prime Minister David Cameron had little choice but to give them a clear vote. Cameron could go down in history as the PM who presided over the end of the 300-year-old union, but when the referendum was announced in late 2012, everyone thought it was a good idea. Why would they leave, anyway?
But with the “yes” campaign gaining ground, the unthinkable might occur, and it has to be asked: What happens if Scotland votes “yes”? Shock and horror and casualties all around. A huge constitutional logjam lasting years. Actual independence would come only in 2016; in between, there is the British general election in May 2015, in which Scots would still vote and send 59 members of parliament to London. In the current parliament, 41 are Labour MPs and only one is from the ruling Conservative Party. If Labour comes to power, its government could fall in May 2016, when Scottish MPs leave, forcing new polls. More crucially, would this lame duck government have the legitimacy to negotiate the terms of separation? If not, who would? In any case, Cameron’s career is probably over, as perhaps of Labour leader Ed Miliband.
SNP leader and Scottish First Minister Alex Salmond has all the romance of a freedom fighter. He says he will “keep” the queen and the pound sterling, and never hassles himself with facts. Well, the queen looks unlikely and the pound impossible. There will be no currency union with England and a one-sided use of the pound means “free” Scotland will have no freedom to run its monetary policy and, indeed, its economy. Then there is the certainty of massive flight of capital and business to England. Welfare and borrowing costs will be crippling, and a future like Greece or Spain in deep debt looms.
Also, once Scotland leaves the UK, entry into the EU is not automatic and would continued…

Can salt make you fatHome Remedies From Your Kitchen
Can salt make you fat?
Its effect on heart health is commonly known, find out how excess salt can increase risks of obesity and diabetes.
Prevention –  Tue 16 Sep, 2014 2:58 PM IST
0
By Ishi Khosla
Salt/sodium is crucial for your health. We need salt to transport nutrients,transmit nerve impulses and contract muscles, including our heart. Sodium alsomaintains the fluid, electrolyte and pH balance in the body. But excess saltconsumption increases the risk of insulin resistance, high BP, stroke and waterretention that translates into extra kilos on the scale.
Excess Salt and Lifestyle Conditions
While high salt intake has been clearly implicated for high BP and stomachcancer, its role in the development of insulin resistance and obesity isrelatively new. According to some studies, excessive salt can worseninsulin resistance and the evidence suggests that there is an interdependentrelationship between insulin sensitivity and sodium. So, as you watch yourcalories, fat and sugar intake, don't forget to count salt. An animal studydone in Japan, published in the Journal of Hypertension, explored the linkbetween insulin resistance and high salt intake in rats. It indicated thatthere was a significant increase in blood glucose and insulin levels in rats,fed on a high sodium-diet.
Your Daily Allowance
On an average, most people consume more salt than they need. While therecommendations are 2400 mg sodium a day, most of us tend to have around3500-4300 mg. According to WHO, those with high blood pressure should limittheir intake to 1600 mg salt per day. However, those withlow blood pressure or sportspeople (they sweat too much) may have a slightlyhigher requirement than the recommended dosage.
Description Toggle
1 - 8 / 8
ROCK SALT
Characteristics: Often referred to as the workhorse of a kitchen, rock salt is recognized by its rock-like appearance, albeit much smaller. A versatile salt, it is made of by compacting ... more 
ROCK SALT
Characteristics: Often referred to as the workhorse of a kitchen, rock salt is recognized by its rock-like appearance, albeit much smaller. A versatile salt, it is made of by compacting granular salt collected from mines and deposits. It has irregularly shaped flakes that dissolve easily and relatively evenly. Also called kosher salt in other parts of the world, rock salt is often free from any kind of additive – like iodine.
Best for: Drawing blood out of meat.
Cooking tip: A good, medium-coarse grind table salt can be used in pretty much every cooking endeavour. Sprinkle it in sauces, use it to cure meat & seafood, fold it into soups. 
Fun fact:  To make your coloured rock salt, get the crystalised rock of salt,  grind the salt, boil it with water, add the colour, let the water evaporate, crush it and keep it in a jar. less 
1 / 8
Yahoo Lifestyle | Photo by Thinkstock
Fri 8 Nov, 2013 10:30 AM IST

iPhone 6  iPhone 6 Plus delivery may stretch...Apple's iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus delivery may stretch on to October
By PTI | 16 Sep, 2014, 07.33PM IST
Additional supply of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will be available to walk-in customers on September 19 at Apple retail stores, it added. (Image: EPA)
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: With record pre-booking of four million units in the first 24 hours, Apple fans may have to wait for some time before they get their hands on the latest iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus as delivery is likely to stretch on to October.
Apple said it received a "record number" of first day pre- orders of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, the biggest advancements in iPhone history with over four million in the first 24 hours.
"Demand for the new iPhones exceeds the initial pre-order supply and while a significant amount will be delivered to customers beginning on Friday and throughout September, many iPhone pre-orders are scheduled to be delivered in October," Apple said in a statement.
Additional supply of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will be available to walk-in customers on September 19 at Apple retail stores, it added.
Last year, Apple sold nine million units of iPhone 5s and iPhone 5c models within three days after the launch of the new iPhones on September 20.
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will be available to customers in India from October 17, less than a month from its global launch.
The iPhone 6 is priced at $199 (16GB), $299 (64GB) and $399 (128GB) with a two-year contract. The iPhone 6 Plus will be available for $299 (16GB), $399 (64GB) and $499 (128GB) with a two-year contract in the US.
Both models will be available from September 19 from AT&T, Sprint, T-Mobile, Verizon Wireless, additional carriers and select Apple authorized resellers in the US.
"iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are better in every way, and we are thrilled customers love them as much as we do. Pre-orders for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus set a new record for Apple, and we can't wait to get our best iPhones yet into the hands of customers starting this Friday," Apple CEO Tim Cook said.
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, which features a larger screen and longer battery life, will be available in the US, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, Puerto Rico, Singapore and the UK from September 19.
Over 20 additional countries will have the new iPhone being sold from September 26, which includes Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, Netherlands, Switzerland, Taiwan and Turkey, among others.

No immediate plans to raise FIIs  debt limit...Khan also said the central bank is in dialogue with the government on auctioning of cash balances and it would happen soon.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: The Reserve Bank today ruled out any immediate plan to increase the investment limit for overseas investors in government securities from the current $ 30 billion.
"As of now there is no such (raising FII debt limit) proposal, but we will see," RBI Deputy Governor HR Khan told reporters on the sidelines of an annual banking event, organised by Ficci and IBA here.
It may be noted that the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) had in July increased the investment cap for FIIs in government securities by $ 5 billion to $ 25 billion, within the total limit of $ 30 billion.
The limit was enhanced by reducing the investment limit for long-term investors from $ 10 billion to $ 5 billion.
The government has budgeted Gilt buyback worth Rs 50,000 crore for this year. And the first tranche of Rs 20,000 crore was auctioned today, but the RBI accepted bids worth only Rs 12,761.46 crore.
When asked when would RBI buy back the rest of government securities which was announced during the Budget, Khan said a decision on this will be taken later.
"We have done (repurchase of government securities) worth Rs 20,000 but the entire amount was not accepted. This tranche may again repeat depending on how things move," Khan said.
He also said the central bank is in dialogue with the government on auctioning of cash balances and it would happen soon.
Whether the RBI is concerned over more and more domestic companies borrowing money from abroad, Khan answered in the negative, saying the country is not at risk as RBI has issued enough safeguards to avoid any major risks emanating from unhedged forex exposure .
"Due to controlled regime for borrowing abroad such as ceiling on limit, we are not at risk as other countries are. But still there are quite a few corporates who are exposed to foreign currency volatility and that is the reason we are making all the efforts to encourage companies to hedge their exposure," he added.

Asian immigrants  vote may swing Scotland re...You are here: Home > Collections
Asian immigrants' vote may swing Scotland referendum
PTI Sep 16, 2014, 10.11PM IST
Tags:
Asian immigrants
(Voters of Pakistani origin…)
LONDON: As the Scottish referendum becomes too close to call in the lead up to Thursday's vote, the Asian immigrant choice could prove crucial.
Indians are among the prominent immigrant groups in Scotland and together with Pakistanis and Bangladeshis make up 3 per cent of Scotland's population which describes itself as Asian.
While their views on a Scotland independent of the United Kingdom remain divided in line with the overall population, the overwhelming majority seem to back the 'no' campaign.
"I've lived in Scotland for 18 years. I was born in India and I was in London for 35 years before coming to Glasgow. I definitely feel British rather Scottish. We are all one country; it doesn't matter where you live," said Naranjan Singh Benning, a 63-year-old businessman and a member of the nearly 38,000-strong Indian-origin community based in Scotland.
Among some of the older generation like him, the horrors of Indian Partition may prove the deciding factor against voting for independence.
"There was a Hindu state and a Muslim state and the Sikhs were left with no rights. They gained nothing and lost a lot. So this might have negative connotations for them in terms of their vote on whether they want to separate or stay as one United Kingdom," said Navpreet Kaur, a member of Glasgow's central Gurdwara.
Besides immigrants from the Indian sub-continent who have now acquired British citizenship, Indians based and working in Scotland are also eligible to vote in Thursday's referendum as Commonwealth citizens.
"The vote is too close to call. So the ethnic minority vote has become crucial," claims Mohammed Sarwar , a Pakistani-origin former Glasgow MP.
He had surrendered his British nationality last year to become the Governor of Pakistan's Punjab province but has now returned to Scotland to persuade his former constituents to vote against an independent Scotland.
"The union has served us well. Scotland benefited, England benefited. I think it's not just that the people of Scotland will suffer (from a break-up), but the people of England, too," he added.
Voters of Pakistani origin form the largest ethnic minority group in Scotland of a total of 140,000 who class themselves as Asian Scots.
Sarwar's high-profile intervention has, however, been met with disapproval from 'Yes' campaigners as he is now classified as foreign.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sears sinks on Tuesday sell offEMAIL
AP
Sears Holdings SHLD  sank 9.4% to $30.37 Tuesday after the troubled retailer said it was borrowing $400 million from CEO Eddie Lampert’s hedge fund to shore up its capital structure.
Lampert’s ESL Imvestments hedge fund affiliates will provide the short-term, loan after the company, parent of the Sears, Roebuck and Kmart chains,  posted nearly $1 billion in losses through early August. The loan extends through the holiday shopping season.
For the quarter ended Aug. 2, Sears Holdings reported a 9.7% drop in revenue and a  $573 million operating loss.
The company has been closing unprofitable stores, including 75 Kmarts and 21 Sears stores, and in April, spun-off its Lands’  LE chain.
S&P Capital IQ, which reiterated a sell rating, lowered its 12-month price target to $28 from $33.
Sears is now down 55% from its 52-week high.
 

Imagine if Gmail bought Facebook and they were both owned by the presidents buddyThis is just good business.(Reuters/Maxim Shemetov)
SHARE
Leo Mirani & Gideon Lichfield
September 16, 2014
Mail.ru, Russia’s most popular email provider, this morning announced that it has paid $1.47 billion for the 48% that it did not already own of VKontakte, Russia’s most popular social network. Mail.ru already owns Odnoklassniki, the second-most popular network. It’s as if Gmail (if it were an independent company) were to buy Facebook.
The deal completes the takeover of VKontakte by Mail.ru, a public company listed in London. Its majority owner is Alisher Usmanov (pictured above), the richest man in Russia and a well-known friend of president Vladimir Putin. In April last year, Pavel Durov, VKontakte’s founder,  briefly disappeared after he was accused of hitting a policeman with his car; the following day, two shareholders in VKontake sold their combined 48% stake in the company to United Capital Partners, a private equity group linked to the Kremlin. This is the same stake now in the hands of Usmanov, via Mail.ru.
Durov was ousted as CEO a year later and left Russia , hinting at machinations from the establishment in a  statement :
Today VKontakte goes under the complete control of [Putin associate] Igor Sechin and Alisher Usmanov. Probably, in the Russian context, something like this was inevitable, but I’m happy we lasted seven and a half years. We did a lot. And part of what’s been done can’t be turned back.
At issue was VKontakte’s free-wheeling nature. Like many social networks, pretty much anything goes on VKontakte, including political speech and pirated films and music. (It also has no problem hosting anti-gay neo-Nazi groups .) It was one of the services used by opposition groups to organize  protests against Putin in late 2011 . Durov apparently told a blogger  (paywall) at the time that VKontakte was a “100% apolitical company that does not support either those in power, the opposition or one of the parties.”
In recent years Russia has put in place ever harsher measures to tame the internet. In 2012 it passed a law enabling  deep packet inspection  (DPI) of all internet traffic flowing through the country. (Mail.ru was fined last year for refusing to share the contents of users’ emails, but in principle DPI could make those visible to the state anyway.) Last year, the Kremlin stepped up its war on social networks after the Edward Snowden revelations. Opposition blogs have been blocked , and a new law that went into force in August requires that any blog with more than 3,000 readers must register with the Russia’s official media regulator.
But one reason such measures are possible is they benefit homegrown internet firms  that are willing to play by the Kremlin’s rules. According to Mail.ru, completing the purchase of VKontakte will finally put an end to disputes between shareholders and allow the company to focus on product development. And from September 2016, all companies that hold data on Russian citizens will have to store the data  on servers inside Russia or risk being blocked. That’s expected to have the effect of squeezing out foreign firms like Google, Facebook and Twitter—at which point Mail.ru, VKontakte, Odnoklassniki, and their homegrown brethren will reign unopposed. What’s useful for the Kremlin is also likely to be quite profitable for Usmanov and friends.
Share this:

Coke  J&J join the new employee wellness pro...Coke, J&J join big corporations behind new employee wellness push
By Reuters | 17 Sep, 2014, 02.03AM IST
0
Share More
Workplace wellness programs, a $6 billion-a-year industry, are a favorite because they improve productivity, cut absenteeism and reduce medical costs.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
WASHINGTON: Leaders of some of the biggest US corporations, from Coca-Cola Co to Johnson & Johnson, unveiled a campaign on Tuesday to reduce the nation's healthcare costs, urging their peers to embrace wellness programs to improve employee health.
The newly-formed group, called The CEO Council on Health and Innovation, said it came together "to lead the US business community" in improving employee and community health and reducing costs.
The council's members also include executives from Verizon Communications Inc, Aetna Inc, Bank of America Corp, Walgreen Co, McKinsey & Co, Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association and Institute for Advanced Health. Combined, the group said its healthcare benefits cover 150 million people.
In a report released at a press conference in Washington, D.C. in conjunction with the Bipartisan Policy Center, the council called on employers to accelerate the adoption of comprehensive wellness programs that aim to improve nutrition and weight management, promote physical activity, help employees quit smoking and manage chronic diseases.
The group also called on employers to make more use of incentives to increase employee adoption of wellness programs and to modify their health benefits in a way that would encourage workers to take preventive measures to improve health.
Workplace wellness programs, a $6 billion-a-year industry, are a favorite of the business community because they promise to improve productivity, cut absenteeism and reduce medical costs by averting expensive illnesses.
Some employers offer their workers monetary incentives to adhere to the plans, while a smaller group of companies and organizations are introducing penalties for not complying with wellness initiatives.
Several chief executives on the council described their wellness initiatives and cited success in reducing costs for both the employees and the company.
But some research has shown such programs do not always cut costs as hoped.
A long-running workplace wellness program at PepsiCo , for example, helped reduce costs for workers with chronic diseases by cutting down hospital admissions. But the savings for employees who were urged to make preventive changes to their lifestyle were negligible, according to a report published in January.

Dutch firms land in UP  investments to followsoonPrint
Express News Service | Lucknow | Posted: September 17, 2014 5:10 am
Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav’s recent visit to the Netherlands saw its first reciprocation on Monday with the latter’s Ambassador to India, Alphonsus Stoelinga, arriving in Uttar Pradesh accompanied by representatives of 12 companies from the European country.
Stoelinga, who sees in UP “enormous potential”, met the CM and agreed over a “step-by-step” investment to tap into the state’s growth rate.
“With over 200 million population and average growth rate of five per cent, UP has enormous potential. Private investors want to invest in cold chain, food processing, dairy development. UP is bigger than countries like Brazil and Mexico,” Stoelinga said, and added, “Things would happen step by step because we have come with a long-term approach. We had a discussion with the Chief Minister yesterday night for over two hours. Within next few months, companies would start conducting surveys.”
The Ambassador informed that after the UP Government expressed willingness in developing bicycle tracks in certain cities of the state to promote eco-transportation, Netherlands-based Royal HaskoningDHV has shown interest in assisting the state government with it.
Senior Policy Advisor, Netherlands Embassy, Rima Yadav, who was part of the delegation, told The Indian Express: “Five sites in NCR, Lucknow and Agra will be identified for bicycle tracks.” Sources inform that the first project will be taken up in Noida followed by Lucknow and Agra.
“The company (HaskoningDHV) will survey the site area in these cities and conduct an initial scan for the entire project,” said Stoelinga.
Similarly, Philips (a Dutch multinational electronics corporation) has shown interest in taking up the lighting projects for heritage sites in Lucknow and Agra, along with implementing energy-saving LEDs for highways and government offices.
“We have been told that large amount of electricity is required for irrigation purposes. We have the technology to use solar energy as back-up for it. This Dutch technology has been offered to the state,” Stoelinga said. Discussions also took place on possible collaboration with Netherlands in operating mobile healthcare vans for encephalitis detection in eastern UP.
The visiting delegation’s main focus, Stoelinga said, was on agriculture-based technologies. Apart from that, the companies were also interested in taking up infrastructure, road construction, water treatment technology for restoration of lakes like ‘Moti Jheel’ in Lucknow, waste treatment and other innovative technologies.
In order to to regularly monitor and co-ordinate with companies, institutions and individuals between the Netherlands and UP, a “trade desk” has been established in the state. It will be headed by Shashank Vikram, managing director of UP State Tourism Development Corporation and will have one representative of Netherlands who will be camping in the state.
Besides Stoelinga and Rima Yadav, the other members of the delegation were Michiel Bierkens, head of Economic Cluster; J V L Narayana, managing director at Royal HaskoningDHV; Rakesh Sharma, senior director at Philips Electronics India; Arun Sinha, managing director at Alar Infrastructures; and Vincent van Noord, managing director at Amsterdam ArenA, among others.

Rohaniya: BJP  Apna Dal allege EVM tampering  demandre-electionWinning BJP candidate from Lucknow East Seat Ashutosh Tondon celebrates with father Lalji Tondon and mayor Dinesh Sharma in Lucknow on Tuesday. (Source: Express photo by Pramod Singh)
Written by Prashant Pandey | Allahabad | Posted: September 17, 2014 5:05 am
As BJP-Apna Dal alliance lost Varanasi’s Rohaniya assembly constituency to the Samajwadi Party, there were widespread allegations of malpractices and tampering of EVMs (electronic voting machines) from leaders across party lines. Congress, an independent candidate (supported by the BSP) as well as BJP and Apna Dal leaders and candidates have decided to stage protest at the counting venue and are demanding re-election.
The district electoral authorities, however, said while the complaint was vague, the Observer and the Returning Officer said that there was a minor issue with only one of the EVMs.
The BJP’s only ally in the state, Apna Dal, had fielded its national president, Krishna Patel — who polled in 61,672 votes, losing by a margin of 14,449 votes — as its candidate. Krishna is mother of Anupriya Patel, the national general secretary of Apna Dal.
Anupriya was the sitting MLA from Rohaniya that fell vacant after she was elected as Mirzapur MP in the Lok Sabha elections earlier this year.
Varanasi being part of Modi’s constituency, the BJP had left no stone unturned in supporting the AD candidate. Besides, local BJP MLAs, MPs and the state president, star BJP campaigner Yogi Adityanath too had campaigned for Krishna Patel. Central ministers, Kalraj Mishra and Manoj Sinha, were also roped in for the campaign.
BJP’s regional president (Kashi Prant) Laxman Acharya said: “We are not accepting the results. There has been widespread malpractices, misuse of official machinery and tampering with the EVMs. We are demanding re-election and have written letters to the Election Commission in this regard.
Our agents were forced to step outside and the entire counting process was one-sided. We, along with the Apna Dal leaders, are sitting here in protest.”
Congress’ district president Praja Nath Sharma said: “After nearly 10 rounds, I left the place because of illness. But I came to know about the anomalies by the 12th round. Immediately, I got in touch with our men and asked the candidate, Bhawna Patel (3,270 votes), to protest against the same. We are demanding re-election. This election has been rigged.”
Independent candidate Ramakant Singh alias Mintu, who polled over 30,000 votes, too joined the dharna.
According to the complaint, the agents found out that many EVMs between round 11 and 14 had several anomalies. These included: Missing of seals on EVMs, the boxes of the EVMs found already open and missing tags.
BJP leaders also alleged that in the earlier rounds too, minor anomalies were detected. However, they did not take it too seriously. But between the 11th and 14th rounds, the number of such EVMs increased rapidly.
Krishna was trailing by over 7,000 votes by the 14th round from her continued…

ED grills Kalighat Club secretary BablooKoleyPrint
Express News Service | Kolkata | Posted: September 17, 2014 4:56 am
The Enforcement Directorate on Tuesday summoned Babloo Koley, secretary of Kalighat Club, in connection with the multi-crore Saradha financial scam. According to sources, an amount worth Rs 12 lakh went to the club as a “donation” from Saradha Group of Companies. Koley appeared before the the ED investigators and submitted deal-related documents.
After the questioning, which lasted for several hours, Koley said: “In 2009-10 and in 2010-11, Saradha sponsored our football team. However, at the time we did not have any clue that the group was involved in such a scam.”
Koley, who is one of the office-bearers of the Cricket Association of Bengal (CAB), added that the ED officials took with them all the club’s account books.
Kalighat Club plays at the Kolkata league football. According to sources in ED, the investigators are now probing into the bank entries of the club. The directorate had on Monday summoned several senior officials of East Bengal Club.
Besides, the ED has also summoned the officials of other major sporting clubs for questioning as the investigators have found financial links between Saradha CMD Sudipta Sen and these clubs.
Meanwhile, the Special Crime Branch of CBI was Tuesday granted police custody of former bengal police chief Rajat Majumdar for three more days (until September 19) by an Alipore court in the Saradha chit fund case.
The agency is probing Majumdar’s involvement in the scam as the former IPS officer was employed as a consultant with the Saradha Group and was allegedly close to the top Trinamool Congress leadership.

In cyberspace  TMC extols gains made in BasirhatlossPrint
Written by Madhuparna Das | Kolkata | Posted: September 17, 2014 4:50 am | Updated: September 17, 2014 10:02 am
On a day BJP opened its account in the West Bengal Assembly after a gap of 13 years, the ruling Trinamool Congress Tuesday launched an all out attack on the party claiming “Modi magic” has faded in 100 days. Though TMC won the Chowringhee seat, its leaders took to the cyberspace to eulogise the “recovery of 28,000 votes from 32,000 deficit” in Basirhat (South), which went in BJP’s kitty.
TMC national spokesperson Derek O’Brien and general secretary Mukul Roy also flayed the media reports highlighting the “BJP victory in Basirhat and a setback for the TMC”.
“The ‘star’ cuckoo flew in to campaign for Bengal Bypoll. The media baron cheered lustily. TMC was losing the urban voter. Kolkata spoke. And how,” Derek posted on his Twitter handle.
Stating that the urban voters were still with the party, he said, “Urban Chowringhee gives AITC (All India Trinamool Congress) huge win by 10K…In other bypoll, we trailed by 32K in May (LS polls)…today just oneK behind,” he said in another update.
Hitting out at the media he said there was no “setback” for the party in Basirhat (South) as the seat was held by the CPI-M. “When the CPI-M MLA died, political analysts were predicting a BJP-CPI-M fight. Dipendu Biswas, our candidate, campaigned hard and reduced the BJP’s lead of 32,000 (in the segment in Lok Sabha polls) to a mere 1,700 votes. The CPI-M ended up third,” he later wrote in a blog titled ‘Bengal Bypolls: Of frontrunners, crow and whine’.
On Chowringhee, he wrote it was often termed one of the Congress’ safest seats in the country. “Located in the heart of Kolkata, it represented and still represents, the urban core of our cosmopolitan state capital. In Lok Sabha election, the Congress led in the Chowringhee segment with 35,998 votes.
Trinamool was close behind with 34,440 votes, the BJP had 29,500 and the CPI-M 10,000.The byelection numbers today throw up an interesting contrast. The CPI-M has declined still more, to 8,890 votes and finished fourth again. The Congress has slipped badly and declined to 23,317 votes, a loss of 7,000 votes or about 25 per cent of its LS tally. The BJP has slipped to reach 23,984 votes and finish second. Trinamool ran away with the seat, getting 38,328 votes,” the blog reads.
In an apparent dig at both BJP and the Left Front he said “communalism is even more dangerous than communism”.
Mukul Roy, meanwhile, said, “Even at national level, it is clear that people have withdrawn the support they showered on BJP in Lok Sabha polls”. He said people of Bengal trust TMC supremo and Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee. “We salute the Maa, Mati, Manush of Bengal…have given their support to the surge of development started by West Bengal government,” he said in a tweet on the official handle of AITC. “Modi magic has faded in 100 days. There is no place for communal politics in Bengal,” he said.
In an oblique reference to the ongoing probe in the Saradha chit fund scam, he said, “Centre is continued…

Last chance today to register as voter for thiselectionThe state has nearly 8.01 crore eligible voters. The number will go up to around 8.03 crore once the record is updated
Express News Service | Pune | Posted: September 17, 2014 5:21 am
With Wednesday being the last day for voter registration, the district administration has urged residents to register themselves by 5.30 pm in case they don’t find their names on the electoral roll. Voters looking to exercise their franchise in the October 15 Assembly polls would not be able to register after that, the administration said Tuesday.
“This is the last opportunity for the voters to register. Those who are unable to check their names on the voters’ list online should pay a visit to the electoral registration office, the help centres or zonal offices of the municipal corporations. If they do not find their names anywhere, they should register as a fresh voter by submitting the necessary documents,” said District Collector and Election Officer Saurabh Rao.
He said he had instructed his office to complete the entries of all forms received on the last  day, adding that the final list  would be updated on the election website soon.
The two-month drive after the summary revision in July has seen the administration receive 65,584 forms, of which nearly 39,719 forms are from first-time voters, 2,603 are from voters whose names were deleted from the list, 18,841 are for corrections in entries and another 34,410 are for change in address. The voter population of the district that stood at 68 lakh in July is all set to see an increase.
According to Election Commission data, the state has nearly 8.01 crore eligible voters. The number is likely to go up to around 8.03 crore once the record is updated.
The administration that has been receiving complaints regarding names not being found in the voters’ list and the poll commission website not opening will soon initiate a special voters’ helpline. The electoral registration offices will also help the voters find their names in the list. The district collector said there would be a separate cell, as was done for the Lok Sabha polls, where the administration will help the voters look up their names in the list.
Nearly 2.8 lakh names in the ‘expired’, ‘shifted’ and ‘repeated’ voters’ lists would also be part of the voters’ list. “The Election Commission had stated that there will be no deletion this election year and hence the district administration will have an inflated electoral roll,” said Rao.
However, he said, a thorough check would be ensured to eliminate chances of bogus voting.
The electoral roll has 95,283 ‘repeated’ voters, 1,22,260 ‘shifted’ voters and 68,898 ‘expired’ voters. The collector said he had been receiving emails regarding voters’ names not being found in the list and he had directed the officials concerned to help out the individuals and even call them up to give desired information.
“We have urged the electorate to continued…

Oil India decides torestructurePrint
New India | Posted: September 17, 2014 5:18 am | Updated: September 17, 2014 5:19 am
Government-owned explorer Oil India has decided to restructure itself. Its board has floated a global tender to appoint a consultant to suggest ways to do it, sources directly involved with the development told FE.
It is learnt that global consultants such as Boston Consulting Group (BCG), Bain & Company, McKinsey & Company and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu India, among others, have shown interest to take up the job. “The tender is likley to be finalised in the next two weeks. The rejig would see overhaul of the entire company, including manpower management and deployment, structure of the firm, subsidiaries, financial allocation, etc,” said one of the sources.
Click here for graph
“Many of the PSUs have operated on structures which are of incremental nature and there is a need for them to realign with modern international practices which certainly should go a long way in improving their productivity, efficiency and decision making ability atuned to the global environment,” said Kalpana Jain, senior director, Deloitte in India.
Oil India has lined up R19,003-crore investment in the 12th Five-Year Plan period. The company’s earnings per share declined to R49.6 in FY14 from R59.7 in FY13 led by a 6% decline in crude sales volumes and a 12% decline in net crude realisations.
“Nevertheless, an expected reduction in fuel subsidy losses and potential increase in domestic gas prices will support 16-18% earnings growth over the next two years,” Kotak Institutional Equities Research said in its report.
In FY14, crude oil sales volumes declined 5.8% year-on-year to 3.47 million tonnes while gas sales volumes remained steady at 2.09 billion cubic metres (bcm), an increase of 0.5% year-on-year.
“We believe that the frequent disruption of development and production activities due to strikes and blockades in Assam will not only lead to lower volumes for OIL in the given period, but may also put to risk our assumptions of modest growth in volumes over the medium term. We note that the company has modestly reduced its FY15 production target to 3.7 million tonnes of crude oil and 2.77 bcm of gas,” Kotak said.
OIL has set up a subsidiary — Oil India International — to look after its overseas operations. Currently, OIL is working on the process to transfer the overseas assets to the subsidiary company.
“While the new government is working to spur investments, it could move more quickly to resolve growth and regulatory hurdles in the
sectors. Clarity in gas pricing and resolution of the subsidy issue would be a material positive for upstream companies,” said Emkay Global Financial Services.

SBI takes lead  pares retail depositratesSBI on Tuesday trimmed the interest rate on term deposits with a maturity of between one and three years by 25 basis points to 8.75%.
Mumbai | Posted: September 17, 2014 5:15 am
Ample liquidity and a lack of lending opportunities have prompted State Bank of India (SBI) to trim deposit rates for its retail customers with more banks expected to follow suit. SBI on Tuesday trimmed the interest rate on term deposits with a maturity of between one and three years by 25 basis points to 8.75%, a move that might encourage others to do the same given loan growth has tapered off to four-year lows of 11%. With consumer inflation just a shade below 8% and down from its peaks of 12%, banks, it would appear, are less apprehensive of deposits not coming in.
Click here for graph
Speaking to a business news channel, Keki Mistry, vice-chairman and CEO of Housing Development Finance Corporation, said more banks were likely to cut deposit rates in the next couple of months. “I think the expectation would be fair that over the next month or two we could see a few more rate cuts in the system on deposits,” Mistry said.
KR Kamath, chairman and managing director, Punjab National Bank, was quoted by the moneycontrol website as saying his bank had also been looking at a rate cut because it had enough liquidity to meet reasonable credit demand. SL Bansal, CMD, Oriental Bank of Commerce, said, “We are comfortable at 9% and might only revise after September 30.”
Indeed, should banks be able to lower their cost of funds, they will most certainly be willing to drop loan rates; already, the competition in the corporate loan segment has seen AA-rated companies borrow at close to the base rate while retail borrowers are seeing lower home loan rates in select categories.
SBI chairman Arundhati Bhattacharya, who had confirmed to FE recently that loan rates for companies had been lowered by most banks, said on Tuesday the lender had excess liquidity with not enough demand to match. “The reason for the revision is that we have a lot of liquidity, we have not seen that kind of credit demand and, therefore, this is basically adjusting our asset liability management,” the SBI chairman explained.
The bank, however, raised rates for maturities of 180 to 210 days by 25 basis points to 7.25%. Banks now offer retail customers anywhere between 8.75% and 9.05% for deposits below Rs 1 crore. However, given the abundance of liquidity — investments to maintain the statutory liquidity ratio are at 27% against the mandated 22% — and little demand for credit, they may opt to trim deposit rates. Banks have been infusing an average of Rs 9,000-10,000 crore in the reverse repo over the last two weeks.
SBI had last revised its term deposit rates in continued…

Mom of Alleged Victim in Peterson Case Wants Privacymom of alleged victim in peterson case wants privacy
Decent level for buy. shall flare up after agm. buy and hold. long ter...New Member
0 Follower
Rightly said.. Monday it was 96, now 102 - 5-6 RS is the profit.. Good returns, But be careful in intraday. this will shoot up if u short sell. :)
2.04 PM Sep 18th

Rally continues further..... more gains ahead.....New Member
2 Followers
1. Investors fall into different categories, much depending on their individual mindsets and traits, some have made very big losses, and promised to themselves never to return to this place called stock markets ! Some were lucky and persistent like shareholder Mohammed of WIPRO, who invested Rs10K into the shares of this successful software company during 2000, and today his holding shares have multiplied many folds (through bonus issues), and is worth about Rs240Cr, discounting all dividends received in the interim. Bottomline: Even in the most profit-making category there are a wide range of people, many paupers, and a a handful like Mohammed.
2. Traders also make big money, example our famous Mr Rakesh Junhjunhwalla; he is a hybrid between an Investor (long-term investments into companies like Titan etc) and a trader too.
3. In summary, all categories have many who become paupers, and a handful who make big riches. Now it is entirely upto the individual to become pennyless or another glorious RK !
In reply to : Guest message

Profit booking by early investors and loss booking by recent speculato...Platinum Member
257 Followers
very soon is 1500 by a speculator`s book and 1700 soon enough read it as deepawali bonanza.
i will be trying for that extra-bit by putting my intra day sell order @ 1440 hoping it to be high for today and re buy if short covering fizzles out later to bring it down to 1410 in futures.
my guess is as good as yours speculation ki kasam !

Whatever price movements orders piling up in flood control ganga relat...Platinum Member
64 Followers
Whatever price movements,orders piling up in flood control,Ganga related projects...& if Namo joins forces with Xi Jinping today in the Silk Rd maritime  project,DCI operations are set to scale up multi fold..DCI is a hold to me..
5.50 AM Sep 17th

Apple Pay Q&A: Ready to ditch your wallet1
Williams: We care a lot about privacy and security, and Apple is bringing both a hardware and a software combination to add additional layers to that, which we think is interesting.
Q: We noticed stock in eBay, which owns PayPal, and a few credit card companies tick down after the announcement.
Evans: The card networks would have seen a bigger hit if Apple had tried to bypass them.
PayPal has a number of a partners, but it certainly hasn't made inroads when you look at the number of partners Apple announced. I've never seen a product like that come to market with that many people already on board.
The problem with Google Wallet is, you had to have a credit card issued by Citibank, it had to be on the MasterCard network, you had to have a specific Samsung phone on the Sprint network. There were simply too many caveats for consumer adoption.
Q: What's helpful about Apple Pay for companies who've hopped on board?
Williams: We're one of the biggest mobile commerce companies in the world at this point, with over 92 million app downloads. This is a simplifier. For new users on a Groupon app, it will make account creation easy, because you already have all your credentials stored in your iOS device in your iPhone instead of having to type in long credit card numbers.
How many times have you had to type in your name, your address, your phone number, your credit card number that you have to pull out of your wallet and remember or read and type it in? It simplifies that process. Especially on new accounts.
The Washington Post contributed.

Left keeps its grip at JNU  AISA sweeps students union electionsNewly elected JNUSU president Ashutosh Kumar (sitting, 2nd from right), vice-president Anant Prakash (sitting, 3rd from right), general secretary Chintu Kumar (sitting, extreme left) and joint secretary Shafqat Hussain Butt (sitting, extreme right). (Express photo by Oinam Anand)
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 15, 2014 12:51 am
The Left retained its hold on the students’ union at Jawaharlal Nehru University after the All India Students’ Association (AISA) bagged all four top posts in the JNU Students’ Union on Sunday.
Repeating last year’s performance, AISA won the posts of JNUSU president, vice-president, general secretary and joint secretary.
While Ashutosh Kumar was elected president of JNUSU, Anant Prakash won the vice-president’s post. Chintu Kumar and Shafqat Hussain Butt were elected general secretary and joint secretary, respectively.
Attributing the result to the work done by the former students’ union, Sucheta De, AISA national president, said, “AISA’s victory in JNU is a mandate for the radical left and the year-long activism vis-a-vis politics based on lies and slander. It is an appreciation of the work done by the last union…”
Ashutosh polled 1,386 votes to defeat Rahila Perween of Left Progressive Front — a joint front of left groups All India Students’ Federation (AISF), Democratic Students’ Federation (DSF) and Students For Social Change — by 377 votes. Perween polled 1,009 votes.
Prakash, who polled 1,366 votes, defeated Mohammad Jahidul Dewan, from the right-wing Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP), by 610 votes.
Chintu polled 1,605 votes, while Shafqat polled 1,209 votes.
Having won all four seats in Delhi University Students’ Union polls, ABVP had hoped for a stellar performance in JNU this time. While it could not win any of the central panel posts in JNUSU, it seems to have left a mark in a university largely considered a left bastion.
The party claimed to have won 12 out of 31 councillor posts in JNUSU polls. “ABVP won 12 of the 31 councillor positions in JNUSU, second position on the vice-president and general secretary posts. Even though AISA won all seats, our voteshare increased 100 per cent from last year (500-1,000). Last year, we had six councillors,” Rohit Chahal, ABVP national secretary, said.
Reacting to the results,V Lenin Kumar, JNUSU president in 2012-13 and a member of the Democratic Students’ Federation, said, “Although our presidential candidate came second this time, the election results point to an alarming trend. ABVP’s rise on campus is alarming. We had given a call for Left unity ahead of the students’ union polls but some groups were more concerned with their own sectarian interests than putting up a united Left front. I hope after seeing the performance of ABVP, they will want a wider Left united front in the future so that one can fight Right-wing forces.”

On-site rehab of airport slums shows Congs desperation to win back votersJust three days before the model code of conduct came into force, the Congress-NCP govt issued a notification declaring its intent to undertake on-site rehabilitation of the 90,000-odd families settled on the fringes of Mumbai’s Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport
Written by Manasi Phadke | Mumbai | Posted: September 15, 2014 1:27 am
Stung by Congress’s rout in Mumbai’s Lok Sabha constituencies that are dominated by slums, the Prithviraj Chavan-led government in Maharashtra has made a final and desperate attempt to woo the slum dwellers, considered to be a loyal votebank of the party for decades, ahead of the October 15 Assembly elections.
Just three days before the model code of conduct came into force, the Congress-NCP government issued a notification declaring its intent to undertake in-situ rehabilitation or on-site rehabilitation of the 90,000-odd families settled on the fringes of Mumbai’s Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport.
The rehabilitation of the slum dwellers in the flats, now proposed to be built on the airport land, has been a long-standing demand of the residents, whose stiff opposition to being moved elsewhere has until now stymied all plans to free up the 276 acres they occupy within the severely space-constrained airport.
Curiously, the sudden declaration of the on-site rehabilitation flies in the face of the state government’s and the GVK-controlled Mumbai International Airport Ltd’s (MIAL) contentions until now that this would be untenable and that the land occupied by the shanties was critical for aeronautical and non-aeronautical uses for India’s busiest airport.
But Naseem Khan, the guardian minister for Mumbai’s suburbs and the local MLA, says the party had always been pushing for in-situ rehabilitation. “We have been demanding this since a long time but the Airports Authority of India (AAI) and the private airport operator did not want this. They wanted the land to be left vacant so that they can themselves develop it,” Khan told Newsline.
The notification, dated September 9, said the Union civil aviation ministry had written to the state government in July informing that the AAI had given an in-principle approval for on-site rehabilitation.
Separately, the urban development department of the state government issued another notification the same day allowing additional Floor Space Index (FSI) for commercial buildings such as starred-category residential hotels and convention centres within the airport land. Once the decision is finalised, such buildings will be entitled to an additional FSI of 1 over and above the maximum FSI of 4 for an individual plot. The notification said that the MIAL had made a request for the same. An MIAL spokesperson declined to comment when asked if this additional FSI would make up for the loss of land to the rehabilitation of slums on airport land.
Ashish Shelar, president of BJP’s city unit, said the move was a “desperate attempt to woo their voters” just ahead of the continued…

When Mahatma saved Netajis revolutionaries from gallowsMahatma Gandhi wrote seven letters to the then Viceroy of India after wife of revolutionary Haridas Mitra approached him. Haridas Mitra is the father of West Bengal Finance Minister Amit Mitra. (archive)
Written by Sabyasachi Bandopadhyay | Kolkata | Posted: September 15, 2014 3:21 am
Mahatma Gandhi wrote seven letters to the then Viceroy of India, Lord Wavell, to commute the death sentence, and subsequently get released four young revolutionaries who were held guilty by the British of supplying information to Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose’s Indian National Army (INA).
The startling historical fact is just on of the many mentioned in the jail diary of freedom fighter Jyotish Basu who died in 2000. The diary has been compiled by renowned researcher Pallab Mitra in the form of a book —- ‘Phansi Theke Phire’ (Back from the Gallows) – and details the last few days of Basu at Presidency Jail where he was brought back from the gallows, just a minute before he was to be hanged.
The four revolutionaries for whom Gandhi sought clemency were Jyotish Basu, Amar Singh Gill, Pabitra Roy and Haridas Mitra. Haridas Mitra is the father of West Bengal Finance Minister Amit Mitra, and his wife Bela was the niece of Netaji.
All four were released in July-Agust 1946. While not much is known about  the later life of Gill and Roy, Mitra joined Congress and later became the deputy Speaker of West Bengal Assembly. Basu spent his life in various social and cultural activities and died in 2000, at the age of 92.
As per the historians, the only known case when Mahatma Gandhi urged the British to commute the death sentence was for Bhagat Singh. The freedom fighter was ultimately hanged on March 23, 1931. “As far as we know it was in the case of Bhagat Singh that Gandhiji intervened,” says Sabyasachi Bhattacharya, historian and former chairman of Indian Council for Historical Research.
It was Jyotish Basu’s residence at 6A, Bipin Paul Road in Kolkata that the revolutionaries, then part of INA’s Secret Service, set up a communication centre. It was from this house that Basu was arrested on December 31, 1944 while other three were taken into custody some time later.
After a trial that lasted a few months, all four, lodged in Presidency Jail in Kolkata, were sentenced to death.
The book details the fearlessness of the revolutionaries. Asked if they had any last wish before they were hanged, Gill said he wanted to watched a dance recital by Sadhana Bose, while Basu said he wanted to hear Kanan Devi’s songs.
Bela Mitra, then 22, wife of Haridas Mitra, meanwhile, went to Poona and pleaded with Gandhiji to write to the Viceroy requesting for the release, or if that was not possible, commuting of sentence of all the four. A few days later, Basu’s father Ranjan Bilas Bose too continued…

NCB team on trail  Nigerian jumps to deathPrint
Express News Service | Pune | Posted: September 15, 2014 3:37 am
A 35-year-old Nigerian national, who was trying to evade arrest as sleuths from Narcotics Control Bureau (NCB) trailed him, jumped off the third floor of a building in Pimple Gurav and succumbed to his injuries a few hours later. He was hiding in the Aksharbhavan Society building at Bhau Nagar in Sangvi when the NCB team reached there Saturday around 8.30 pm.
According to the Sangvi police, Obyanka Anwanbukwa was wanted by the NCB in connection with a case of drug peddling.
Senior inspector Saifan Mujavar said: “We have come to know that Obyanka used to stay in Kharghar in Mumbai with an Indian woman. He had come to Pune a few days ago in a bid to evade arrest by the NCB. He had taken a flat on rent in the building where the incident took place. As the NCB team reached the apartment on the third floor, he jumped off the window. He fell on the ground where there was some grass. He was then taken to Aundh hospital by the NCB personnel and was discharged after treatment.”
His condition apparently deteriorated when the NCB team was taking him with it.
“He was admitted to the hospital again. He died during treatment around 13.30 am on Sunday. As the death had occurred in the custody of NCB, an autopsy was carried out in the presence of a tehsildar and the viscera has been preserved for chemical analysis,” said Mujavar.
The police said they had asked the NCB about the nature of offences registered against him. “As this was a death in custody, we have informed the Criminal Investigation Department (CID) asking for an inquiry,” he added.
Some Nigerian nationals who had gathered at the hospital demanded a thorough investigation in the case and insisted that the role of the NCB be investigated.

Chaudhary could have bought God too  says Buti RamButi Ram
Written by Srishti Choudhary | Panchkula | Posted: September 15, 2014 3:45 am
If he (Ram Kumar Chaudhary) wanted, he could have bought God too,” said Buti Ram, father of Jyoti, alleging that the Himachal Pradesh MLA had influenced investigation using money power, which led to his acquittal in the murder case last week.
Jyoti was found murdered in Sector 21 of Panchkula on November 22, 2012. Chaudhary and 11 others were booked in the case. All of them were acquitted by a local court, which held that the prosecution could not prove the charges.
Talking to Chandigarh Newsline on Sunday, Buti Ram said Chaudhary and his associates had tried to buy him as well, and when this did not work, they threatened him.
“They offered me Rs 1 crore, gold and several acres of agricultural land just to keep my mouth shut. But I refused. Main paise ka kya karta? Wo chahte to rabb ko bhi khareed lete (What would have I done with the money? If they wanted, they could have bought God as well),’’ said Buti Ram.
The prosecution and the police have blamed key witnesses who turned hostile, including Buti Ram, who refused to recognise Chaudhary in the wedding picture of his other daughter Ishu. Besides, he also retracted from his allegations.
“They had threatened to kill me. Main kya karta? Apni jaan to sab ko pyaari hoti hai!” Buti Ram said, explaining why he turned hostile.
“Their men had stopped the car in which I was going and threatened me with dire consequences. I was afraid. But when the prosecution lawyers insisted, I told the truth in the court and never looked back. I submitted evidence in the form of an audio recording that they (accused) tried to offer me money,” Buti Ram said.
Commenting on the investigation, Buti Ram said, “It was all about political power and money. But I will go to the high court, and fight till I get justice.”

Try these deliciously healthy comfort foodsBigg Boss 8
Healthy comfort foods to try
At the end of a stressful day, when your brain feels fried and every muscle aches, all you want to do is prop up your feet and enjoy a meal to pamper your soul. Typically, you ransack the kitchen larder for cookies, deep fried savouries or sweets, wishing you could sit down with a plateful of fried fish and rice, a piping hot aloo parantha or a bowl of halwa.
Comfort food is usually food that reminds you of your mom's kitchen or a playful afternoon from your childhood days. If it makes you happy, it must be good for you, right? But what about that uneasy feeling after you have treated yourself? Is it possible to feed your body and soul sans the guilt? Yes, you can. "As long as you don't have a medical condition you don't have to completely negate salt, oil or butter from your diet," says Mumbai-based nutritionist Nupur Krishnan. "Use your favourite ingredients but in moderate quantities. Use healthier seasonings and a mix of oils to add to the flavour." From gajar ka halwa to coffee ice cream, we asked chefs and nutritionists to give some comfort foods a healthy makeover.

Can Super Kings  bowlers match their batsmenMore
Can Super Kings' bowlers match their batsmen?
Chennai Super Kings are always counted among tournament favourites and it will be no different this time, especially should their bowling click.
By Nikita Bastian | ESPNcricinfo –  Tue 16 Sep, 2014 11:30 AM IST
Tweet
0
File: Ashwin and DhoniHow they got to the CLT20 — For the seventh time in seven editions, Chennai Super Kings progressed past the group stage of the IPL in 2014. They finished third this time round, losing the second qualifier to Kings XI Punjab despite Suresh Raina producing one of the most stunning innings across IPLs: he slammed 87 off 25 but Super Kings still fell 25 short of a target of 227. That came after a clinical chase of 174 against Mumbai Indians in the eliminator. They had finished the group stage in third position as well, winning nine out of their 14 league matches.
Strengths — Firepower in the batting, a bunch of electric fielders, and a settled core; Super Kings' strengths are many.
A T20 line-up including MS Dhoni, Suresh Raina , Dwayne Bravo and Faf du Plessis is intimidating enough. At the 2014 IPL auction in February, Super Kings added Dwayne Smith and Brendon McCullum to that list, both of whom aggregated more than 400 runs apiece and laid several explosive platforms at the top, quickly dispelling doubts about whether the tried and tested opening pair of Michael Hussey and M Vijay would be missed.
In Raina, du Plessis, McCullum and Ravindra Jadeja , they have a world-class ring on the off side. Always known for their consistency in form and selection, they were also one of only three franchises to retain five players - Dhoni, Raina, Jadeja, Bravo and R Ashwin - ahead of this year's auction. During the tournament, six players played all of Super Kings' games, du Plessis missed just one and McCullum missed just two. This is a team that has played together a lot, with the players all knowing their roles and their team-mates well.
Weaknesses — Fast bowling has always been Super Kings' weakest link. In IPL 2014, seamer Mohit Sharma led the wicket charts with 23 scalps at 19.65, but the team struggled to find someone to take the new ball with him. None of their other pacers claimed a tally in double digits. Ishwar Pandey was their only quick to concede below eight an over, but ran into trouble once the tournament moved from the UAE to the batting-friendly Indian tracks. The experienced Ashish Nehra , who was brought in to guide the younger India pacers according to the team management, kept his place for only four games and went at over nine to the over. Their other experienced pace hand, Ben Hilfenhaus, averaged 30.75 in eight games, and is not even a part of the squad for this tournament.
So frustrating was the bowling that the usually unperturbed Dhoni said after they exited, having conceded over 200 three times in three games to Kings XI: "I had belief in my bowling that they will definitely let them score 200 runs." He will be relieved to have Bravo, who was injured during Super Kings' first game in IPL 2014, back.
Players to watch — When it comes to key performers for Super Kings, it is hard to look past captain Dhoni and Raina. However, given their seemingly unending issues on the fast-bowling front, spin - often Dhoni's preferred option - becomes all the more important for them. To their advantage, they have the services of Ravindra Jadeja and R Ashwin, India's first-choice Test spinners. In IPL 2014, the pair shared 35 wickets, averaging in the mid-20s. This time round, Super Kings will play a majority of their games at the batting paradise that is Bangalore's Chinnaswamy Stadium, meaning their spinners maintaining control becomes all the more central to their success.
Newbie to watch out for — For six seasons of the IPL, in the middle of a power-packed batting line-up, the reliable S Badrinath provided insurance for Super Kings. Following the reshuffle in February this year, that role was passed on to Mithun Manhas . A busy batsman with extensive experience on the Indian domestic circuit for Delhi, Manhas might be shunted down the order when the line-up is on the rampage, but when there's an early collapse he would be expected to battle it out and help rebuild the innings. In IPL 2014, Manhas played 12 of Super Kings' 16 games, but batted only five times and remained not out three times.
Past record — Super Kings have played in the Champions League T20 four times - the most appearances in the tournament, alongside Trinidad & Tobago, who missed out this year, and Mumbai Indians. They won the tournament in 2010, did not make it past the group stages in 2011 and 2012, and were semi-finalists in 2013.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

Self-Driving Cars Now Need a Permit in CaliforniaAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

Sweetener from Bengal: BJP enters AssemblyBJP activists dance in-front of their party office to celebrate their victory in Basirhat Dakshin Constituency in State Assembly by-election in Kolkata on Tuesday. (Source: PTI)
Written by Subrata Nagchowdhury | Kolkata | Posted: September 16, 2014 5:11 pm | Updated: September 16, 2014 9:47 pm
Facing setbacks in Uttar Pradesh, Gujarat and Rajasthan, good news came for the BJP in West Bengal where the party won one of the two assembly seats where bypolls were held. The BJP’s victory in the Basirhat (South) seat came despite the might of the ruling Trinamol Congress and Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee’s vow not to allow the BJP win a single seat in the state.
It was after a gap of 13 years that the BJP has found representation in the West Bengal assembly.  Shamik Bhattacharya, who won the seat with a margin of 1,586 votes, said, “The victory indicates the political trend in Bengal — the BJP is fast emerging as the main opposition political party. It now officially enters the precincts of the assembly and will make more inroads in 2016.” Incidentally, in the 2014 Lok Sabha elections, the BJP had come first in 21 assembly seats and second in nearly 40 assembly segments.
The last time the BJP won an assembly seat was when its candidate Badal Bhattacharya won the bypoll from Ashoknagar in North 24 Parganas in 1999. He was the MLA till 2001 when fresh assembly polls were held.
The chief minister, having realised that Basirhat (south) was a tough contest for the party as the BJP had surged ahead in this assembly segment by over 30,000 votes in the last Lok Sabha polls, had pressed all her might to win the seat.  Top Trinamool Congress leaders who were given charge of the bypolls — almost half a dozen MPs, over 10 ministers and other top party functionaries — were crestfallen with the Basirhat (South) result. The leaders feared action from party chief Mamata Banerjee as she had repeatedly asked them to ensure that the BJP does not make a match out of this seat.
What went wrong will be analysed threadbare and action will be taken, said a top Trinamool leader who did not want to be named.  Trinamool general secretary leader Mukul Roy, however, tried to put up a brave face, saying that the party had gained in Basirhat (south). “The TMC managed to recover 28,000 votes out of a Lok Sabha deficit of 30,000 votes,” he said.
The Basirhat (south) seat had been a CPM stronghold since 1977 and was vacated recently following the death of party MLA Narayan Mukherjee.  The BJP victory is of much significance for more than one reason. First, this is the first time that the BJP has won as a single party. In 1999, when it won the Ashoknagar bypoll, the BJP had the Trinamool Congress as its ally.
The second important factor is a major shift of CPM support continued…

How the battle for women voters is playing out in Colorado -- in dueling adsBy Sean Sullivan September 16 Follow @WaPoSean
A pair of dueling ads in the Colorado Senate race aimed primarily at women voters provides an illustrative snapshot of the strategies Republicans and Democrats are deploying there to compete for a crucial part of the electorate.
Democrats want to cast Rep. Cory Gardner (R) as an extremist on abortion and contraception. Republicans are countering that women should consider pocketbook issues and President Obama when they cast their ballot, topics they say reflect poorly on Sen. Mark Udall (D).
The first ad, released Monday, is from Udall. "Today, there are still politicians like Congressman Gardner promoting harsh anti-abortion laws and a bill to outlaw birth control," Udall says in the ad.
The second ad, out Tuesday, comes from Crossroads GPS, a conservative nonprofit backing Gardner. "We aren't single-issue voters," says one of four women in the ad. "We care about good jobs that support our family." Says another, "Udall votes with Obama 99 percent of the time."
Why are both sides spending substantial resources on ads like these? Because women voters could tip the competitive race toward one candidate or the other in what is shaping up as a key piece of the battle for the Senate majority.
It's happened before.
Sen. Michael Bennet (D-Colo.), now the chairman of the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, held on to his seat in 2010, despite an awful election environment for Democrats. How'd he do it? Exit poll data show that Bennet won women, who made up half the electorate, by a whopping 56 to 39 percent margin over Republican Ken Buck. His overall margin over Buck was under two percentage points.
Colorado is not a socially conservative state. Buck's hardline views on abortion — he opposed it even in cases of rape and incest — combined with Bennet's attacks contributed heavily to his defeat. This debate exchange in which Buck was clearly on defense  sums it up well.
Buck was also hamstrung by a broader perception that he was too extreme, fueled by statements like one in which he compared homosexuality to alcoholism .
This year, Democrats are hammering Gardner for co-sponsoring a bill in Congress to give protected status to fertilized eggs. Gardner supported a statewide "personhood" amendment that was widely defeated in 2010 but has since renounced it.
A recent Denver Post survey showed Udall winning women by 13 points and leading Gardner by four points overall. The Democrat was winning women by nine points in a July Quinnipiac poll that showed him losing to Gardner by two.
Given the tough national environment for Democrats and Obama's unpopularity, Udall needs to not only do well among women, but hope they turn out in high numbers. Hence the attacks against Gardner on social issues.
Exit poll data show that Obama won women voters in Colorado in both 2008 (by 15 points) and 2012 (by one point). But Obama's narrow advantage over Mitt Romney was smaller than his overall margin in the state that year.
Gardner and his allies are hoping to win enough support from women that Udall doesn't squeak out a win the way Bennet did in 2012. That would be very tough for Republicans to stomach two midterm elections in a row.
Sean Sullivan has covered national politics for The Washington Post since 2012.

Poverty rate in US drops for the first time ...Poverty rate in US drops for the first time since 2006
By AP | 17 Sep, 2014, 02.09AM IST
0
Share More
Officials also say that the number of children under 18 in poverty declined from the previous year for the first time since 2000.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
WASHINGTON: The poverty rate in the United States has dropped for the first time since 2006, bringing a bit of encouraging news about the nation's economy as President Barack Obama and Congress gear up for the November elections.
The US Census Bureau, in its annual look at poverty in the United States, said that the poverty rate in 2013 was 14.5 per cent, down from 15 per cent in 2012.
The decrease in the poverty rate was attributed to the growth in year-round employment by 2.8 million jobs in the United States, government officials said.
White House officials cheered the positive information in the census release.
"There is reason to believe that this progress has continued into 2014, as the labor market has strengthened and millions have gained health insurance coverage," said Jason Furman and Betsey Stevenson, members of the White House Council of Economic Advisers.
"At the same time, the data also offer a clear illustration of the large amount of work that remains to strengthen the middle class in the wake of the worst recession since the Great Depression."
The median household income for families was USD 65,587 in 2013, and USD 31,178 nonfamily households, which also was not statistically different from the 2012 levels.
However, census officials said that income is 8 per cent less than it was in 2007, the year before the United States entered the recession.
Officials also say that the number of children under 18 in poverty declined from the previous year for the first time since 2000.
The number of children in poverty dropped from 21.8 per cent in 2012 to 19.9 per cent in 2013, and the number of children in poverty also declined from 16.1 million to 14.7 million.
The official poverty level is based on a government calculation that includes only income before tax deductions. It excludes capital gains or accumulated wealth, such as home ownership.
As a result, the rate takes into account the effects of some government benefits, such as unemployment compensation. It does not factor in noncash government aid such as tax credits and food stamps.

Scottish support for independence at 48%: IC...Scottish support for independence at 48%: ICM poll
By Reuters | 17 Sep, 2014, 02.35AM IST
0
Share More
The poll showed support among Scottish voters for staying in the United Kingdom at 52 per cent, falling from 55 per cent in a similar poll last month.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LONDON: Support for independence in Scotland has risen three per centage points to 48 per cent, an ICM poll for the Scotsman newspaper showed on Tuesday, two days before a referendum on whether Scotland should split from the United Kingdom.
The poll showed support among Scottish voters for staying in the United Kingdom at 52 per cent, falling from 55 per cent in a similar poll last month.
When the 14 per cent of voters who have yet to make up their minds were included, support for the union was at 45 per cent while support for secession was at 41 per cent, the Scotsman said on its website.

Stocks end higher on bet Fed won t change rate stanceStocks end higher on bet Fed won't change rate stance
By Reuters | 17 Sep, 2014, 02.22AM IST
0
Share More
With the S&P 500 notching its best performance in a month after a news report shifted investor expectations for the Fed's policy statement Wednesday.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: Stock markets around the world rose on Tuesday, ending near session highs as investors bet that the US Federal Reserve wouldn't adjust its guidance about how soon it would raise interest rates.
The Fed began its two-day policy meeting on Tuesday, and the central bank has said it wouldn't raise rates for a "considerable time." Many investors interpreted that as mid-2015, though recent economic data has fueled speculation that the first hike could come sooner. Those concerns seemed to fade on Tuesday, with market participants seeing no change in Fed policy or commentary.
"The rumor is (the Fed) won't change the 'considerable time' language," said Quincy Krosby, market strategist at Prudential Financial in Newark, New Jersey, referring to the Fed's previously stated timeline of when it will raise rates.
"Overall the language that's there now has been positive for the (stock) market," and the rumor "seems to be what shifted the markets' direction today."
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 100.83 points, or 0.59 per cent, to 17,131.97, the S&P 500 gained 14.85 points, or 0.75 per cent, to 1,998.98 and the Nasdaq Composite added 33.86 points, or 0.75 per cent, to 4,552.76. The benchmark 10-year Treasury note was flat in price to yield 2.5906 per cent.
The gain on Wall Street lifted the MSCI world equity index 0.4 per cent, while European shares were down 0.2 per cent, having closed before Wall Street turned higher in midday trading. Europe was pressured ahead of a referendum on independence in Scotland, which kept investors on edge with polls suggesting the vote remains too close to call.
Asian shares slipped, with MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan shedding 0.7 per cent to its lowest since late June, while Japan's Nikkei snapped a five-session winning streak to close down 0.2 per cent.
In the currency market, the dollar fell 0.2 per cent against a basket of currencies while the euro rose 0.2 per cent to $1.2959 against the dollar.
Brent crude rose 1.1 per cent to $98.97 per barrel, while US crude futures gained 2 per cent at $94.82 per barrel, rising on the prospect of a likely supply cut from OPEC.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

13 dengue cases reported  doctors advise cautionPrint
Written by Raakhi Jagga | Ludhiana | Posted: September 17, 2014 5:50 am
As many as 13 confirmed cases of dengue have been reported from Ludhiana and the latest one was reported on Tuesday — a 20-year-old male patient from Haibowal. This is the third patient from Haibowal.
Besides, falling temperature due to heavy rainfall has become a cause for concern as larvae of mosquito anopheles aedes which causes dengue fever have been found in over 100 places in the city. The weather is also favourable for the mosquito to grow. The health authorities have told residents to take precautions.
District epidemiologist Dr Anil Verma said, “Though we get the larvae destroyed when detected, still we cannot check each and every house. Residents are not cleaning their desert coolers, as most of the larvae are found in the water of coolers.”
The areas in which the larvae of anopheles mosquito were found are Shivpuri, Civil Lines, Madhopuri, Chaura Bazar, Punjab Mata Nagar, Vishal Nagar, Shaheed Bhagat Singh Nagar, Jamalpur, Chandigarh road colonies, and Rishi Nagar. “These areas are spread across the city,” Dr Verma said.
The health authorities have sent to the corporation the details about the houses which have not taken proper precautions. Except for issuing a challan, there is no other provision to punish these violaters.

Contractual staff protest against MCMC workers protest near Clock Tower Chowk in Ludhiana on Tuesday. (Source: Express photo)
Express News Service | Ludhiana | Posted: September 17, 2014 5:45 am
The contractual employees of the Ludhiana Municipal Corporation, including drivers, beldaars, gardeners, sweepers and sewer cleaners, protested against the civic body on Tuesday and blocked the traffic at Clock Tower  near the MC headquarters.
The employees alleged that they had not been paid salaries for two months. They threatened to gherao houses of the mayor and MC commissioner if the salaries were not paid in the coming days.
Deepak Hans, from Municipal Sanyukta Karamchari Committee, said, “There are some 835 employees working on contract as drivers, sweepers for MC.
For two months, we have not been paid salaries. We get Rs 250 per day but money has not been sanctioned for the months of July and August.”
However, Mayor Harcharan Singh Gohalwaria said the “additional commissioner has been asked to submit the report of employees who are not regular”. “Contractual employees’ contracts will be extended only if we need their services. However, they will be paid soon for the last two months.
I got some complaints of workers missing from their duties and a detailed report is awaited from the additional commissioner. Till then, we cannot confirm if their contracts will be renewed. The workers found to be defaulters will be booked along with officials concerned,” he said.

Self-driving cars now need a permit in Calif...Self-driving cars now need a permit in California
By AP | 17 Sep, 2014, 05.29AM IST
0
Share More
These may be the cars of the future, but for now they represent a tiny fraction of California's approximately 32 million registered vehicles.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LOS ANGELES: Computer-driven cars have been testing their skills on California roads for more than four years _ but until now, the Department of Motor Vehicles wasn't sure just how many were rolling around.
That changed Tuesday, when the agency required self-driving cars to be registered and issued testing permits that let three companies dispatch 29 vehicles onto freeways and into neighborhoods _ with a human behind the wheel in case the onboard equipment makes a bad decision.
These may be the cars of the future, but for now they represent a tiny fraction of California's approximately 32 million registered vehicles.
Google's souped-up Lexus SUVs are the biggest fleet, with 25 vehicles. Mercedes and the Volkswagen Group of America have two vehicles each, said Bernard Soriano, the DMV official overseeing the state's "autonomous vehicle" regulation-writing process. A "handful" of other companies are applying for permits, he said.
The permits formally regulate testing that already was underway. Google alone is closing in on 1 million miles. The technology giant has bet heavily on the vehicles, which navigate using sophisticated sensors and detailed maps.
Finally, government rules are catching up.
In 2012, the California Legislature directed the DMV to regulate the emerging technology. Rules that the agency first proposed in January went into effect Tuesday. Among them:
> Test drivers must have a sparkling driving record, complete a training regimen and enroll in a program that informs their employer if they get in an accident or are busted for driving under the influence off hours.
> Companies must report to the state any accidents, as well as how many times their vehicles unexpectedly disengage from self-driving mode, whether due to a failure of the technology or because the human driver takes over in an emergency. They also must have insurance or other coverage to pay for property or personal injury claims of up to $5 million.
California passed its law after Nevada and Florida and before Michigan. The federal government has not acted, and national regulations appear to be years away.
It's impossible to know the total number of self-driving cars being tested on public roads because, unlike California and Nevada, Michigan does not require special permits to test self-driving cars on public roads.
Toyota, Chrysler, Ford and General Motors are "all running around here with some form of autonomous vehicle," said James Fackler, assistant administrator for the Michigan Department of State, which registers motor vehicles. Carmakers do not need a permit _ manufacturer's license plates are enough, and those plates can also be used on future models or other kinds of experimental cars.
Nevada has issued several test vehicle licenses to Google, VW and the auto supplier Continental, according to its Department of Motor Vehicles.
In Florida, only Audi has tested self-driving technology and no testing is ongoing, according to a spokesman for the state's motor vehicles department.
With California's testing rules in effect, the DMV is drafting regulations that will govern self-driving cars once they are ready for the general public.
Those rules, which the DMV must finish by year's end, will untie knotty issues such as whether a person needs to be in the vehicle at all.

Good morning. if the market moves up  indosolar ltd. moves up. none of...Gold Member
682 Followers
Investors, It`s your mind game. If you have strong conviction and belief then nobody in the world can change your views not only about stock, for that matter anying in your personal life. I am a very strong person and my views in life never change, whoever may shout any number of times. Such person only can come in life and too in stock market. If your belief gets shaken by few members negative messages what sort of a investor you all are? be strong. If you all do not agree with the negative members, just don`t answer. They will vanish over a period of time. I have seen this. Jumping one stock to another will lead to huge loss. Also, showing rosy picture in xyz stock and you get attracted with 1 or 2 days of UC is not the right approaching in investing in stock market. Hope our friends agree with my views.
6.58 AM Sep 17th

@ nmr56 ji  if only wishes were horses!!!!!!!!!!!!Like this Message. Repost it to millions of investors.
Guest
Abracji, what do you mean? What are your thoughts for waterbase in coming few days and next few months?
3.21 PM Sep 17th

Bro  not at all a good comparison based on how much low mp went..this ...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Every upmove in this share will follow a downward journey. so adivsabl...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Colgate smiles on CS upgrade; stock surges 4%Save precious time tracking your investments
Colgate-Palmolive (India) Ltd rallies as much as 2.7 per cent in trade on Tuesday after Credit Suisse upgraded the stock to "outperform" from "underperform."
At 10:50 a.m.; Colgate Palmolive was trading 2.1 per cent higher at Rs 1637. It hit a low of Rs 1610.05 and a high of Rs 1645.90 in trade today.
Credit Suisse says consumer goods sector seeing "improving consumption growth, easing input costs and benign competition. It would benefit as competitive risk from Procter & Gamble Hygiene and Health Care Ltd has abated.
Marico Ltd also gains as much as 4.07 per cent to hit its fresh 52-week high of Rs 300. Credit Suisse calls Marico its top pick in the mid-cap consumer space.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Top five reasons why  equity cult  has died in IndiaTop five reasons why equity cult died in India
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 16, 2014, 03.45PM IST
Tags:
BSE
(Since the beginning of the…)
NEW DELHI: The Sensex has rallied nearly 600 per cent in the past 20 years from 3,000 to nearly 27,000, but this has not been enough to enthuse retail investors.
For the record, the index today ended the day at 26,492.51; down 324 points; while Nifty shut shop at 7,932.90; down 109.10 points.
The participation of retail investors in the Indian equity market is yet to happen, but analysts are also not giving up on the idea that it will not happen at all.
They see the rally to continue in the long run, backed by fundaments, revival in economy , reforms taken by the new government and improving global outlook, which will infuse the much-needed confidence among retail participants.
India is firmly in a multi-year structural bull market, confirm analysts. Bull markets are actually life-altering events which can last up to 4-5 years. FIIs have been the main contributor to the rally that we have seen so far in the year 2014.
Since the beginning of the year, foreign investors have made a net investment of Rs 1.98 lakh crore ($33 billion) into the country's securities market.
"We don't know what starts a bull market, what is the matchstick or the tinderbox that starts it, but once it starts, it is amazing," said Ramesh Damani , Member, BSE.
The 1989 bull market demonstrated one thing that India was going to liberalise. What happened 20 years later? The 2000 bull market showed that India was going to become a tech superpower. Well, we became a tech superpower.
"The 2004 bull market saw the rise of the Indian middleclass. Well, that is happening now. So who knows where does this 2013 bull market start and where will it end? Bull markets actually are life-altering events," added Damani.
Let's look at some of the reasons why the equity cult died in India:
Lack of research by retail investors:
Ramesh Damani, Member, BSE, explains that most of the blame goes to retail investors themselves who do not research well and depend on others to make a decision.
They will take someone's tip in the lift and put Rs 20 lakh in it and for Rs 40,000 cellphone they will research it for two weeks, he added.
Ideally investors should understand the business, industry, nature of work of the company that they are investing in completely before putting their money into it. This will help them in making a good investment case, say analysts.
Investors should avoid investing based on recommendations. Instead they should utilise the opportunity to research those tips (companies) in detail to understand the business and logic before putting their hard-earned money.
Proper research should always be undertaken before investing in stocks. But that is rarely done. Investors generally go by the name of a company or the industry they belong to.
Investors try to time the market, which is not always a great idea:
One thing that even the world's greatest investor Warren Buffett doesn't do is try to time the stock market. However, investors back home rely heavily on the ideas of buying low and selling high.
But who decides these exact levels where they should either 'buy' or 'sell'? Well, nobody knows that for a fact. Or put differently, catching the tops and bottoms is a myth. It is so till today and will remain so in the future, say analysts.
A majority of investors, however, do just the opposite, something that financial planners have always been warning them to avoid, and thus lose their money in the process.
The biggest mistake on the part of retail investors is the fact that they come to the market when the market is doing well and they withdraw their money when the market is doing badly, explains Damani.
Too much expectation in short term:
Individual investors have a habit of falling prey to the herd mentality. They would believe on the other person more rather than their own instincts or research.
"Investors have excessive expectations in the short term, and very little patience over the long term. Unscrupulous and greedy promoters and merchant bankers add to the list," said Kalpraj Dharamshi, Proprietary Investor, in an interview with ET Now.
"IPOs have done a major disservice to investors because of may be out of 2000 IPOs over the last 15-20 years, 200 or less than that would be decent companies. All that money has just gone down in trade," he added.
Dharamshi is of the view that people look at the Nifty number and they decide everything about the market from that one number.
Trading with strict stop losses:
Investors should not expose their entire holding and trade with strict stop losses especially when the markets are trading near the higher end of the range.
When you are in a bull market, like the one that we are in right now, the only worry of retail investors is the bottom side.
"Make sure that you are protecting your capital and let the tide ride out. Every bull market I have seen in India has doubled or tripled the index sometimes. So why should this time be different," added Damani.

Why Google s Android One can change the smartphone marketSep 16, 2014 at 06:05pm IST
Why Google's Android One can change the smartphone market
43
9
New Delhi: Google on Monday launched in India three Android One phones capable of Internet access at prices starting at Rs 6,299, as it looks to win customers in the world's fastest growing smartphone market with low prices and better quality software.
Powered by Google's Android operating system, the handsets, made by Micromax, Karbonn Mobiles India and Spice Mobility will be available online on Amazon's India website and at Flipkart and Snapdeal. The smartphone features a MediaTek quad-core processor and a 4.5-inch screen.
ALSO SEE 2 million Android One smartphones to be sold in India in 2014: Chip maker MediaTek
The Spice Android One Dream UNO Mi-498 is priced at Rs 6299 on Flipkart, the Karbonn Android One Sparkle V is available for Rs 6399 on Snapdeal and the Micromax Canvas A1 is listed on Amazon.in at Rs 6,499.
With Android One, Google aims to improve the quality of hardware and software by giving handset makers a frame of reference.
#google #adnroid #android one #smartphones
With Android One, Google aims to improve the quality of hardware and software by giving handset makers a frame of reference. Currently, many affordable smartphones in India already offer customised versions of the Android operating system. In case of Android One, the eventual software upgrades on the Android One phones would come directly from Google. This would give Google better control of the operating system and ensure users get a consistent service.
ALSO SEE Meet the first of the Google Android One phones: Micromax Canvas A1, Karbonn Sparkle V, Spice Dream Uno
Gartner Principal Research Analyst Vishal Tripathi said Android One devices will be under Google's control thereby ensuring a standard hardware and software specs, which in turn will lead to a better experience for the consumers.
"Besides, it will also help to consolidate the highly fragmented smartphone market in India. No doubt competition will intensify due to this launch," he added.
ALSO SEE Google's Android One phones come to India at Rs 6,299: Micromax Canvas A1, Karbonn Sparkle V, Spice Dream Uno
Chip maker MediaTek said it expects as many as two million handsets to be sold this year in India.
Greyhound Research CEO Sanchit Vir Gogia feels Android One is going to be a game changer in India.
Google's goal is to reach the next 5 billion people in emerging markets and a billion in India. This gives them an edge as compared Microsoft, Apple and Blackberry, he added.
"Android One gives Google tighter control over the Google OS which means standardised UX. Support for seven regional languages is going to be a solid plus over competitors - this will not only help consumers use vernacular, it is also likely to help promote apps in regional language," Gogia said.
The launch is also important for the e-commerce partners as electronics - especially mobile phones - are one of the highest selling items on e-commerce sites.
Motorola and Xiaomi have successfully launched their smartphones on Flipkart, while players like Spice and Micromax have sold devices on Snapdeal.
e-Commerce sites see about 4 million queries per day in India for smartphones and in two years, one in four phones are expected to be bought online.
Google also said that Newstand, which provides digital version of newspapers and magazines, will come to India from tomorrow.
According to research firm IDC, smartphone sales in the country grew almost three-fold to over 44 million in 2013, buoyed by affordable devices made by local firms such as Micromax and Karbonn.
In the second quarter of 2014, 18.42 million smartphones were shipped in India. Though Samsung is the leader with a 29 per cent market share, Micromax (18 per cent), Karbonn (8 per cent) and LAVA (6 per cent) are close competitors.
While Android is the dominant operating system globally, other OS' like Windows and iOS (Apple) are also gaining traction. Also, newer platforms like Firefox and Tizen may emerge as strong challengers to Google's platform.
Google's attempts are also important as it aims to capture a larger share of the entry-level segment.
Last week, Firefox (in partnership with Spice and Intex) launched two new smartphones, priced below Rs 2,300, aimed at those looking to upgrade from feature phones to smartphones.
On the competition to Android One, Gogia said Greyhound Research believes that Google can expect competition but none has the wherewithal like Google to be as aggressive and invest heavily in the ecosystem.
"Both, Microsoft and Apple are not eyeing this market at all, so we can safely expect Google to pretty much own this market. Eventually, Android One will touch Tablets as well," he said.
India is the first country where Google's Android One devices are being launched. Roll out across other markets like Indonesia, Philippines, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Nepal and Sri Lanka will follow in the coming months. Google is also expanding Android One programme with Acer, Alcatal OneTouch, Xolo, HTC, Lava, Intex, Asus and Lenovo. It has also roped in Qualcomm for the chipsets.
(With inputs from PTI)

Forward Markets CommissionJP Associates gets CCI nod to sell unit to Shree Cements
Nov 18, 2014 at 19:37 | Source: PTI
The Commission noted that the market shares in terms of installed capacity is 23 percent for Shree Cements and three percent for cement grinding. This will increase the market share of Shree Cements to 26 percent post the combination.
No stock limits on commodities in regulated warehouses: FMC
Nov 11, 2014 at 13:08 | Source: PTI
The exemption has been given subject to the condition that these warehouses publish the information of stock available with them on a real time basis, the Commission said in a circular.
FTIL in pact to exit IEX by selling stake for Rs 576.84 cr
Nov 06, 2014 at 11:13 | Source: PTI
In the wake of the Rs 5,600-crore NSEL payment scam, Central Electricity Regulatory Commission (CERC) had directed Jigesh Shah-led FTIL to completely exit from IEX, country'sleading power exchange with more than 95 per cent market share. NSEL is a group firm of FTIL.
Oct 31, 2014 at 18:20 | Source: CNBC-TV18
The November series opened on a strong note with hopes of more reforms from the Modi-led government.
NSEL fraud: Govt mulls revamp of FTIL board
Oct 27, 2014 at 20:19 | Source: PTI
The Corporate Affairs Ministry, which last week ordered merger of National Spot Exchange (NSEL) with FTIL, will also soon begin an exercise to re-assess the compensation amounts due to be paid to over 13,000 investors at NSEL
FMC asks ICEX to submit biz revival plan or shut shop
Oct 17, 2014 at 12:31 | Source: CNBC-TV18
FMC has asked ICEX to submit a business revival plan within a week or it may be asked to shut shop in case of delay in submitting the plan.
AMFI mulls proposal to scrap upfront MF commissions
Oct 13, 2014 at 15:37 | Source: PTI
The matter at the centre of discussion is payment of upfront commissions, which have been very high in some cases in recent times amid a surge in capital markets, by mutual funds to distributors for selling their schemes.
7 reasons G-secs will be a big draw for investors: BoAML
Oct 08, 2014 at 17:07 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Supply concerns are expectedly proving overdone. RBI OMO/government buyback Rs 558 billion (Rs63 billion so far) would clear the market, says a Bank of America Merill Lynch report.
Fertiliser stocks rally, SBI and L&T gain; Sensex choppy
Oct 08, 2014 at 11:12 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Larsen and Toubro rallied 2 percent after its subsidiary L&T Tech Services said it will acquire Dell's engineering services business. Competition Commission of India has approved the proposed deal.
FMC chairman Ramesh Abhishek may get another extension
Oct 01, 2014 at 16:09 | Source: PTI
Abhishek, a 1982 batch officer of the Indian Administrative Officer (Bihar cadre), is continuing as chairman of the commodity markets regulatory body FMC on a three months' extension that will end next week.
JP Associates gets CCI nod to sell unit to Shree Cements
Nov 18, 2014 at 19:37 | Source: PTI
The Commission noted that the market shares in terms of installed capacity is 23 percent for Shree Cements and three percent for cement grinding. This will increase the market share of Shree Cements to 26 percent post the combination.
No stock limits on commodities in regulated warehouses: FMC
Nov 11, 2014 at 13:08 | Source: PTI
The exemption has been given subject to the condition that these warehouses publish the information of stock available with them on a real time basis, the Commission said in a circular.
FTIL in pact to exit IEX by selling stake for Rs 576.84 cr
Nov 06, 2014 at 11:13 | Source: PTI
In the wake of the Rs 5,600-crore NSEL payment scam, Central Electricity Regulatory Commission (CERC) had directed Jigesh Shah-led FTIL to completely exit from IEX, country'sleading power exchange with more than 95 per cent market share. NSEL is a group firm of FTIL.
Oct 31, 2014 at 18:20 | Source: CNBC-TV18
The November series opened on a strong note with hopes of more reforms from the Modi-led government.
NSEL fraud: Govt mulls revamp of FTIL board
Oct 27, 2014 at 20:19 | Source: PTI
The Corporate Affairs Ministry, which last week ordered merger of National Spot Exchange (NSEL) with FTIL, will also soon begin an exercise to re-assess the compensation amounts due to be paid to over 13,000 investors at NSEL
FMC asks ICEX to submit biz revival plan or shut shop
Oct 17, 2014 at 12:31 | Source: CNBC-TV18
FMC has asked ICEX to submit a business revival plan within a week or it may be asked to shut shop in case of delay in submitting the plan.
AMFI mulls proposal to scrap upfront MF commissions
Oct 13, 2014 at 15:37 | Source: PTI
The matter at the centre of discussion is payment of upfront commissions, which have been very high in some cases in recent times amid a surge in capital markets, by mutual funds to distributors for selling their schemes.
7 reasons G-secs will be a big draw for investors: BoAML
Oct 08, 2014 at 17:07 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Supply concerns are expectedly proving overdone. RBI OMO/government buyback Rs 558 billion (Rs63 billion so far) would clear the market, says a Bank of America Merill Lynch report.
Fertiliser stocks rally, SBI and L&T gain; Sensex choppy
Oct 08, 2014 at 11:12 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Larsen and Toubro rallied 2 percent after its subsidiary L&T Tech Services said it will acquire Dell's engineering services business. Competition Commission of India has approved the proposed deal.
FMC chairman Ramesh Abhishek may get another extension
Oct 01, 2014 at 16:09 | Source: PTI
Abhishek, a 1982 batch officer of the Indian Administrative Officer (Bihar cadre), is continuing as chairman of the commodity markets regulatory body FMC on a three months' extension that will end next week.
Videos »

BSE creates history by closing 46.5 cr orders intra-dayBombay stock exchange
(The orders include 37.13 crore equity…)
MUMBAI: Asia's first stock exchange BSE Ltd (formerly Bombay Stock Exchange ) today created history by closing 46.5 crore orders, highest number ever of order received in a day.
The BSE has registered a total of 46,48,46,957 orders today, an exchange statement said here.
The orders include 37.13 crore equity orders, 8.97 crore equity derivatives orders and 37.44 lakh currency and interest rate orders.
The market capitalisation of BSE listed company stood at Rs 93,80,648 crore with 3,120 scrips traded on the exchange today.
Earlier this year in April 2014, BSE launched its equity trading platform software 'BOLT Plus'. The BSEtrading system (Bolt Plus) is based on T7, the global trading architecture of Deutsche Bourse AG.
One of the key features of the system is its response time of approximately 200 micro seconds, making it the fastest trading platform in the country. BSE's new technology, which is open source and low cost can handle 5 lakh orders per second.
BSE in its endeavour to bring transparency and accuracy to the market has taken several initiatives and has been increasing its market share both in cash and derivatives segment. It has also gained leadership in many other products like BSE SME platform, BSE Star MF, etc, the release said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

US oil prices up almost $2 as OPEC talks output cutUS oil prices up almost $2 as OPEC talks output cut
By AFP | 17 Sep, 2014, 02.26AM IST
0
Share More
Analysts on average expect US crude inventories dropped by 1.2 million barrels, according to a survey by Dow Jones Newswires. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: World oil prices rebounded sharply today after the head of OPEC indicated that the crude producers' cartel could cut its production target for 2015.
The widely reported comments came from Abdullah El-Badri, secretary-general of the Organisation of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC), after talks with Russian Energy Minister Alexander Novak in Vienna.
US benchmark West Texas Intermediate for October delivery jumped $1.96 to $94.88 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange.
European benchmark Brent oil for November delivery gained $1.17 to $99.05 a barrel in London.
El-Badri reportedly said he expects the producers group to trim output in 2015 by about 500,000 barrels per day, from 30 million bpd to 29.5 million.
The cartel is set to hold its next production meeting in Vienna on November 27.
In June, OPEC agreed to keep production at 30 million barrels a day, saying in a statement that while oil demand was picking up, downside risks to the global economy "remain unchecked."
Since the June meeting, oil prices have been in fairly steady retreat, with Brent falling to a two-year low Monday due to in part to concerns about demand in China, the world's second-biggest consumer of crude.
El-Badri's comments are a "reminder that OPEC is well aware of the declining call on OPEC crude, and willing to offset it with reduced output," said Tim Evans, oil analyst at Citi Futures.
Analysts said the oil market also was awaiting will also watch for Wednesday's monetary policy announcement by the US Federal Reserve and the Department of Energy's weekly US oil inventory report.
Analysts on average expect US crude inventories dropped by 1.2 million barrels, according to a survey by Dow Jones Newswires.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Microsoft announces 11% increase in dividend | To unveil Windows 9 on Sept 30Microsoft boosts dividend 11%, adds new directors
By Reuters | 17 Sep, 2014, 04.31AM IST
0
Share More
Microsoft has increased its payout to shareholders almost every year since it introduced a regular quarterly dividend in 2004, except in recession-hit 2009.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SEATTLE: Microsoft Corp on Tuesday announced the smallest per centage increase in its quarterly dividend since 2009 and appointed new directors to replace two board members who decided not to seek re-election.
The increase, 11 per cent to 31 cents per share, is in line with the software company's revenue growth last fiscal year but half of last year's 22 per cent hike.
Microsoft, like rival Apple Inc, has been under pressure from activist shareholders to hand back more of its vast trove of cash, which increased 11 per cent to almost $86 billion over the past 12 months.
Financially conservative Microsoft has said it prefers to keep dividend increases in line with operating profit, which grew 4 per cent last fiscal year.
However, Chief financial Officer Amy Hood held out the possibility of more shareholder-friendly moves, saying that Microsoft's board "continues to evaluate capital strategy options," without saying what that might entail.
The company has lifted its payout to shareholders almost every year since it introduced a regular quarterly dividend in 2004. It did not increase the dividend in recession-hit 2009, when it laid off more than 5,000 employees.
The company's shares rose slightly in after-hours trading to $46.85.
Microsoft's new annual dividend would equal about 2.6 per cent of that share price, the same as Intel Corp's 2.6 per cent but higher than Apple's 1.8 per cent.
Microsoft also said on Tuesday that Teri List-Stoll, 51, CFO of Kraft Foods Group Inc, and Charles Scharf, 49, chief executive of Visa Inc, will join the board on Oct. 1.
Incumbent board members Dave Marquardt and Dina Dublon will retire from the board at the end of their current terms in December.
Marquardt, 65, has been involved with Microsoft since its early days, joining the board in 1981. Dublon, 61, joined the board in 2005.
Microsoft has made several changes to its board recently as it undergoes a change in leadership under new CEO Satya Nadella. Former CEO Steve Ballmer resigned in August to focus on his newly purchased Los Angeles Clippers basketball team.
Co-founder Bill Gates stepped down as chairman in February when Nadella was appointed CEO but remains on the board.

Zimmerman plays three innings in first rehab game in VieraBy Adam Kilgore September 16 Follow @adamkilgorewp
Ryan Zimmerman takes BP in Washington. (AP Photo/Alex Brandon)
As the Nationals prepared for a possible champagne celebration in Atlanta, Ryan Zimmerman took a major step toward rejoining them for the season’s final week by playing three innings in an intrasquad minor league game at the Nationals’ spring training facility in Viera, Fla., on Tuesday.
Zimmerman “did great today,” Manager Matt Williams said. Zimmerman took five at-bats, able to hit whenever he wanted in the informal setting, and hit two doubles. He had no trouble running the bases on his right hamstring, which he tore July 22 in Colorado. He fielded grounders and took batting practice alongside minor leaguers.
The Nationals plan for Zimmerman to play five innings Wednesday — two at first base and three at third base — and then to take at-bats as a designated hitter Thursday.
“It’s like spring training for him right now,” Williams said. “You go through two or three days, and then you get sore. We’ll see how he comes out of that.”
Zimmerman will likely play seven innings Friday, and then the Nationals will decide if he’ll play another nine innings in Viera or join them Saturday in Miami to play the Marlins.
“He’s going to get sore,” Zimmerman said. “His body is going to be sore. His legs are going to be sore outside the injury. We’ve got to work him through that so he can just step in and he doesn’t have any issues.”
When Zimmerman returns, Williams will make a fascinating decision. Zimmerman could play first base, left field, third base or come off the bench.
“We don’t know that yet,” Williams said. “We have to make sure he gets through his injury first. Then we’ll have those decisions to make. They’re not easy. It is a very good problem to have when you have somebody like Zim coming back to your team with the ability to produce for you.”
Based on conversations with several people within and around the Nationals, they really are in a wait-and-see mode in regard to Zimmerman. They want to see how quickly he regains timing and make sure they don’t push his hamstring injury — another tear would end his season.
The likeliest scenario for the playoffs seems to be Zimmerman starting against left-handed pitchers — pushing either Bryce Harper or Adam LaRoche to the bench — and serving as an overqualified pinch hitter against right-handers. But it’s fluid. Zimmerman would force his way into the lineup if he hits like he did in July, when he punched up a .987 OPS.
“We do have some experience with it this year coming off” Zimmerman’s broken thumb, Williams said. “The first few games back, he was good. And then his timing started to go a little bit. It took him a while to get back at it. I think that’s normal. I think that would be the case with anybody that misses two months. You can come back and feel good and get by with adrenaline for a few days, and then it starts to settle in. You understand where you’re really at.”
For now, Zimmerman will play five innings on a back field in Viera. Tuesday, he had a good start to the latest phase of his recovery.
“The only thing that’s significant is he has to run the bases, which is important for his injury,” Williams said. “He turned the bases and was able to get to second base, no issues. He didn’t hit a hard grounder to the infield where he had to really go. I’m sure he’ll get one of those. His timing was okay. He was able to hit the ball in the gap. It’s a good sign. He had no issues.”
Adam Kilgore covers the Nationals for The Washington Post.

India may see more investments from Europe  Japan: Deutsche BkIndia may see more investments from Europe and Japan: Anand Rengarajan, Deutsche Bank
ET Bureau Sep 17, 2014, 04.41AM IST
(As long as India continues…)
Foreign investors are flocking to India, but there are worries that may stop if the US raises interest rates. Anand Rengarajan, head of custodial services at Deutsche Bank, the biggest custodian for FIIs in India, says the effect of changes in US rates can be more than offset by the growing interest in India among investors from other geographies such as Japan and South East Asian nations. Edited excerpts:
There were lot of expectations of FII flows into corporate debt. But that has not materialised despite changes in tax treatment. Why is it so?
Investment in corporate bonds in India has always been an arbitrage opportunity that investors used vis-a-vis investments in similar asset classes in their home markets or the US. The reason for reduced flows into corporate debt could be due to US T-bill yields increasing and the INR hedging costs increasing, thereby reducing the arbitrage... When the arbitrage moves up, we will probably start seeing interest again and it should only be a matter of time given the stability of the rupee.
There is a belief that the US investors may reduce their investments in India due to rising interest rates. Do you think this will be compensated by the increasing interest from Europe and Japan?
As long as India retains its attractiveness for investments and continues to give high returns relative to other available options, investors will continue to remain active and be part of the India growth story. Also, we are definitely hoping to see more investments coming in via Europe, Japan and a few other markets. With this renewed interest, we are seeing new investors to this market and we are hopeful they will more than compensate for any fall in investments from existing investors.
Will the recent changes to the foreign portfolio rules help boost inflows? Or are they cosmetic?
Changes to the regulations resulting in the FPI regime is by far the most significant regulatory change in India in recent times. This kind of overhaul would have not been conceivable a few years back, so credit should be given to all the key players from across the ministry of finance, Sebi & RBI, as well as various intermediaries for having successfully implemented these changes. We can proudly state that the entry process for investments in India is now on a par with some of the most advanced emerging countries or even some developed countries.
Do you see the changes in sentiment and rules affecting your custodial business on the ground with many competing for the same pie?
One would have expected to see only a handful of experienced players in a mature industry like ours, but on the contrary, it is a very competitive space with quite a few players relatively new to the business. But this is a scale business, and if you don't reach reasonable scale within a few years, it will be difficult to sustain it for long. While we are proud of our market-leading position at Deutsche Bank, we strive to remain competitive and are well positioned to continue to grow our business even further.
Is not custodial boring? Does it make money?
That transaction banking is an important revenue pillar for banks, especially post the 2008 crisis, is now recognised by all banks. Custody, being an integral part of the transaction banking business, gets special attention given its intrinsic nature of consuming relatively much lesser balance sheet and, therefore, less capital. Deutsche Bank recognised this very early and put in place all the necessary infrastructure to grow this business across all markets, including in India.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nifty could test 7 850 levelsNifty could test 7 850 levels
Missing for a day  7-year-old found dead  cousin held for kidnap-murderPrint
Express News Service | Pune | Posted: September 17, 2014 5:25 am
A seven-year-old boy was allegedly murdered by a close relative Monday over a land dispute in the family. The body of the minor boy was found floating in a canal in Fursungi area on Tuesday evening.
Police said deceased Amit Yadav Sonkamble was a resident of Sadesatara Nali in Hadapsar. The Hadapsar police have registered a case on the complaint of Amit’s father Yadav Lakshman Sonkamble (40), who works as a housekeeping staff at the Amanora Mall.
Yadav’s wife Lalita too works in Amanora Mall. While Yadav’s duty hours are noon to 11 pm, Lalita works from 7 am to 4 pm. Amit studied in a local primary school of Zilla Parishad. On Monday, he went to school as usual around 7 am but he did not return.
When Lalita came home around 4 pm and did not find Amit home, she informed Yadav. Failing to trace him, the couple approached the police and filed a complaint. The police registered an offence of kidnapping.
Around 5 pm Tuesday, the body of the boy was recovered from a canal.
After preliminary investigation, the police detained his cousin Jayshri Arun Kamble (22), a resident of Ramtekdi. Officers said it was found that there had been a dispute between Jayshri’s family and Yadav for the last few years over a piece of land in Nanded district. The police suspect the murder was linked to this dispute. Jayshri allegedly went to Yadav’s house Monday afternoon when the boy was alone and took him with her. The police said Amit might not have resisted since he knew Jayshri.
They suspect Amit was later thrown into the canal and he died due to drowning. The police said a few chocolates were found in his pocket.
The Hadapsar police were in the process of placing Jayshri under arrest on charges of murder till the filing of this report. The police are trying to find out if more persons from her family were involved in the murder. Assistant Commissioner of Police Rajan Bhogale and senior police inspector Rajendra Mohite are investigating the case.

Vadra land deals: Delhi HC rejects CBI probe pleaNEW DELHI: In a relief to Robert Vadra, the Delhi High Court on Tuesday dismissed a petition seeking a CBI probe into the licences granted to Haryana realty developers, including Congress President Sonia Gandhi's son-in-law.
The High Court pronounced the judgment on the public interest litigation filed by advocate M.L. Sharma.
Sharma had alleged that several licences were issued to developers and builders for turning 21,366 acres of agricultural land into colonies without complying with the statutory rules.
The decision caused "serious financial loss of Rs.3.9 lakh crore" to the exchequer, the PIL said.
In the plea, he contended that allocation of licences for developing colonies was contrary to provisions of the Haryana Development and Regulation of Urban Areas Act, 1975.
It further sought quashing of the June 3, 2013 letter by Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) Shashi Kant Sharma allegedly rolling back the audit and inquiry into the grant of licence to Skylight Hospitality (Pvt.) Ltd. that is said to be associated with Vadra.
The plea contended that the inquiry was ordered by Shashi Kant Sharma's predecessor Vinod Rai.
M.L. Sharma claimed the department of town and country planning (DTCP) issued hundreds of licences for over 21,366 acres of land spread over Gurgaon and other parts of the state from 2005-2012.
The plea said: "Issuing of colony licences by the DTCP in Haryana in the name of an individual who is not owner of a land is not only illegal but also clear case of corruption within the provision of the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988."
It added: "To support or give undue favour is a corruption that has been hatched in the Haryana colony licence deal for Robert Vadra and others."
The PIL was filed against Skylight Hospitality, Robert Vadra and DLF Universal Ltd. among others.
The lawyer sought registration of criminal cases against Skylight Hospitality, Robert Vadra and DLF Universal Ltd. under the Prevention of Corruption Act.
Besides, the petition sought a probe into the land deals entered into by Skylight Hospitality (Pvt.) Ltd. and its subsidiaries in Rajasthan. (With inputs from agencies)
Recommend

13 dengue cases reported  doctors advisecautionPrint
Written by Raakhi Jagga | Ludhiana | Posted: September 17, 2014 5:50 am
As many as 13 confirmed cases of dengue have been reported from Ludhiana and the latest one was reported on Tuesday — a 20-year-old male patient from Haibowal. This is the third patient from Haibowal.
Besides, falling temperature due to heavy rainfall has become a cause for concern as larvae of mosquito anopheles aedes which causes dengue fever have been found in over 100 places in the city. The weather is also favourable for the mosquito to grow. The health authorities have told residents to take precautions.
District epidemiologist Dr Anil Verma said, “Though we get the larvae destroyed when detected, still we cannot check each and every house. Residents are not cleaning their desert coolers, as most of the larvae are found in the water of coolers.”
The areas in which the larvae of anopheles mosquito were found are Shivpuri, Civil Lines, Madhopuri, Chaura Bazar, Punjab Mata Nagar, Vishal Nagar, Shaheed Bhagat Singh Nagar, Jamalpur, Chandigarh road colonies, and Rishi Nagar. “These areas are spread across the city,” Dr Verma said.
The health authorities have sent to the corporation the details about the houses which have not taken proper precautions. Except for issuing a challan, there is no other provision to punish these violaters.

Contractual staff protest againstMCMC workers protest near Clock Tower Chowk in Ludhiana on Tuesday. (Source: Express photo)
Express News Service | Ludhiana | Posted: September 17, 2014 5:45 am
The contractual employees of the Ludhiana Municipal Corporation, including drivers, beldaars, gardeners, sweepers and sewer cleaners, protested against the civic body on Tuesday and blocked the traffic at Clock Tower  near the MC headquarters.
The employees alleged that they had not been paid salaries for two months. They threatened to gherao houses of the mayor and MC commissioner if the salaries were not paid in the coming days.
Deepak Hans, from Municipal Sanyukta Karamchari Committee, said, “There are some 835 employees working on contract as drivers, sweepers for MC.
For two months, we have not been paid salaries. We get Rs 250 per day but money has not been sanctioned for the months of July and August.”
However, Mayor Harcharan Singh Gohalwaria said the “additional commissioner has been asked to submit the report of employees who are not regular”. “Contractual employees’ contracts will be extended only if we need their services. However, they will be paid soon for the last two months.
I got some complaints of workers missing from their duties and a detailed report is awaited from the additional commissioner. Till then, we cannot confirm if their contracts will be renewed. The workers found to be defaulters will be booked along with officials concerned,” he said.

BI lowers long-term deposit rates by 25 bps ...You are here: Home > Collections
SBI lowers long-term deposit rates to 8.75%
ET Bureau Sep 17, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
long-term deposit rates
(The country’s largest…)
Mumbai: State Bank of India (SBI) has reduced interest rates on long-term deposits of one to three years by 25 basis points to 8.75 per cent with effect from September 18, mainly due to poor demand growth for loans.
The country's largest bank, at the same time, increased interest rates on short-term deposits of 180 to 210 days to 7.25 per cent from 7 per cent.
Praveen Gupta, deputy MD and chief financial officer at SBI, said improved liquidity in the interbank money market and softening of inflation numbers, too, influenced the bank's decision to cut longterm deposit rates.
"Credit growth is not picking up, but at the same time inflow of deposits continues to improve. Liquidity in the money market has also improved," he told ET. "The inflation numbers too have come down, which shows that interest rates will soften."
So, why increase short-term rates? Gupta said this was to keep the rates aligned with what is offered by other players. In July, SBI reduced interest rates on the short-term deposits by almost 50 basis points to 7 per cent.
Data released by the government on Monday showed that wholesale inflation — a proxy for producer prices in India — eased to a 5-year low of 3.74 per cent in August.
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan, however, on Monday hinted that he will keep interest rates unchanged in the monetary policy review on September 30.
"Inflation is coming down. This is consistent with our forecast. Macro indicators are improving, but still have some way to go before we can declare that we are out of the woods," he had said. Some SBI officials indicated that while its deposit growth has been in line with the banking sector, growth in its advances portfolio is lower than the industry average.
According to data released by RBI, incremental deposits for all commercial banks rose 4.5 per cent this fiscal till August 22, while advances rose 2.1 per cent. On a year on year basis, deposits increased 13.6 per cent and advances 10.9 per cent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex falls 1.2%; market jittery even before Fed changes courseYou are here: Home > Collections
Sensex falls 1.2%; market jittery even before Fed changes course
Rajesh Mascarenhas, ET Bureau Sep 17, 2014, 06.48AM IST
Tags:
Fed
(On Tuesday, FIIs net sold…)
Mumbai: Stock investors are on the edge ahead of the US Federal Reserve meeting on Wednesday when it is expected to come out with a timetable to raise interest rates.
With foreign institutional investor (FII) inflows already showing signs of slowing, Dalal Street is worried that a decision to increase in rates in the US sooner-than-expected could spark a sell-off in emerging markets including India.
On Tuesday, FIIs net sold shares worth Rs 829 crore, dragging the Sensex down by 324 points, or 1.21 per cent, to 26,492 — the highest intraday decline since August 1.
Nifty fell 109 points to close below the psychological 8000 level. Mid and small cap stocks took a bigger hit with their indices dropping 3-4 per cent.
"In the near term, a signal of rate increase by the Fed will be negative for markets as it will signal that the period of easy money is over," said Jyotivardhan Jaipuria, head of research, BofA-ML.
Earlier, the Fed projected a rate increase in the second half of 2015 but some hawks have been pushing for one earlier in the year. A Bloomberg survey said Fed officials will maintain interest rates at a record low at their two-day policy meeting.
"Though the market reacted sharply on fears of Fed increasing interest rates, our view is that the Fed will keep rates low until they are convinced that the economic recovery is gathering more velocity," said Gautam Chhaochharia, head of India research, UBS Securities India.
Emerging markets are considered vulnerable to monetary policy tightening in the US because a stronger dollar is likely to deter FIIs from making fresh investments. But, despite the unwinding of the gigantic bond-buying programme or quantitative easing, markets have managed to remain resilient contrary to expectations.
Many analysts believe India will be least affected by a tighter monetary policy by Fed because of improvement in the economy. Emerging markets with higher current account deficits would be most vulnerable.
"As we move towards expectations of a faster-than-anticipated normalisation of the US monetary policy, we will see an increasing degree of investor discrimination within emerging markets," said Abhay Laijawala, head of research, Deutsche Bank.
What may work against Indian stocks is the steep stock market valuation. Domestic equities are trading at premium valuations to most other emerging markets after the blistering rally this year.
While Sensex has risen 27 per cent so far this year, BSE Midcap & Smallcap indices have returned 50 per cent and 72 per cent, respectively. In the month to September 15, the BSE Mid-cap and Small-cap index had gained 8 per cent and 10 per cent, respectively.
Brokers said even if the market corrects in response to the Fed decision, investors should buy shares with strong earnings potential especially in infrastructure and power sectors. "A sell-off caused by Fed worries, might even present investors with a buying opportunity," said Nirmal Jain, chairman, IIFL.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Too bad you are dead  cheque is in the mailEYE BROWSE
Too bad you are dead, cheque is in the mail
We Indians have been persuaded to believe that nature will continue to be cruel to us. So learn to endure. Maybe our planets, even vaastu, are all wrong.
By Shekhar Gupta | India Today –  Tue 16 Sep, 2014
Print
Ordinary lives are cheap in India. So all government has to do in name of disaster management is to dole out relief money. There is a cruel little tattle involving the late Giani Zail Singh which came back to me after 37 years. It was well known that Gianiji, then chief minister of Punjab, loved his siesta and could never be disturbed except in a terrible emergency or, of course, when Indiraji called. He was shaken awake abruptly on February 11, 1977 by his political secretary. "Kaunsi qayamat aa gayiji (Which catastrophe has descended)?" the irritated chief minister asked. "Maaf karein, Gianiji, woh Fakhruddin Sahib ka inteqal ho gaya hai," said the apologetic aide. The president of the Republic, Fakhruddin Ali Ahmed, had just died of a heart attack, while in office.
But Gianiji was irritable. "Theek haiji, de do na uski bewa ko dus hazaar meri taraf se bhi (OK, give his widow Rs 10,000 on my behalf as well)," he said. I was then a journalism trainee and this was the secretariat press room's hottest scuttlebutt, so I will not vouch for its accuracy one way or the other. I also worry that it could be insensitive in the context in which I make this week's argument, and I apologise to Fakhruddin Sahib's wonderful family. But since we are talking about precisely this, the establishment's chronic, terminal insensitivity to the suffering of fellow Indians, this is too fitting a story for me to resist its use.
This week's context is the destruction and death caused by the flood in Kashmir. Last year it could have been an enormously more murderous flash flood in Uttarakhand, or going back, a cloudburst in Leh (2010), the great 12-hour Mumbai deluge of July 2005 or any of the many earthquakes, temple stampedes and rail crashes. The storyline remains the same: lack of warning, prevention and preparation, mostly avoidable death if not destruction, and then the establishment's first response: announcement of relief amount to the victims' families. It is our natural, callous and insensitive response to the suffering of others, especially if we think they are lesser fellow Indians. Fakhruddin Sahib wasn't one, but I use the story to illustrate this deep-seated establishment cynicism.
It is not as if our system has not paid attention to the challenge of disasters. Tucked away in the inside pages of newspapers this Wednesday was a three para plug from North Block saying that responding to the crisis in Kashmir, Home Minister Rajnath Singh had signed on the pending file for raising three more battalions of the National Disaster Relief Force (NDRF), which will now be 12 battalions strong, each with about 1,100 men specially trained for relief, search and rescue. It sounds impressive, and they do a good job when they are called out, as in Kashmir now. But if you think with some calm detachment, what kind of a semi-superpower nation, and a tusker, if not a tiger, economy, creates permanent bureaucracies and establishments only to deal with disasters? Not just the NDRF, another new acronym, with full sarkari bandobast, fancy sinecures and advertising budgets has come up in the form of the National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA).
By the way, an aside, but an important one. One of the first actions of the Modi government was to dismantle the NDMA. Among the retirees offered sinecures on it by the outgoing UPA was Saleem Ali, who, as CBI special director, had headed the Ishrat Jahan encounter investigation.
I mention this not as a mere digression because it exposes our state's callousness. A bit like our police's favourite practice of temporarily stationing a cop in front of a house that's already been burgled, we also respond to public anger at disasters by creating newer uniforms, more bureaucracies and new acronyms.
Why do you need a central NDMA, for example, to routinely advertise precautions people must take in case of floods and earthquakes? Shouldn't these be part of our basic education and training as citizens? There was a time, with wars usually lurking around the corner, that some national effort was made at civil defence training. But it has died with the threat of wars. For all other disasters, we call out central forces and, ultimately, army, air force and navy, all doing such a remarkable job in Kashmir now. This is the pattern with all our disasters, rushing of central troops and relief, that quaint Indian obscenity called the aerial survey, and then haggling between the state and the Centre over the size of the relief "package". How is all this any different from Gianiji's rumoured response to his president's death?
Besides creating an impression that India is the disaster capital of the world, or what news TV would call a permanent Ground Zero, creation of these new forces, structures and purely relief-oriented activity make some unsound presumptions. One, that disasters can't be prevented. Two, that local civic authorities, health systems, district administrations and entire state governments have neither the ability nor responsibility to do anything. It all gets distilled to numbers: battalions of central forces, boats, columns of army, helicopters and, finally, relief money. We Indians have been persuaded to believe that nature will continue to be cruel to us. So learn to endure. Maybe our planets, even vaastu, are all wrong.
Basic facts, however, would tell you a different story. I trawled for data from the comprehensive reports of the National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB). It tells you that unnatural deaths have been on the rise in India, approximately at a rate one and a half times the corresponding rise in population. But out of these, the share of deaths attributable to nature are actually declining, if slowly. Our greatest national disasters are, actually, man-made. In 2012 we lost 1,39,091 lives in road accidents and almost a fourth of these, 32,318, involved two-wheelers.
Yet so many of our states and cities, even one as literate as Pune, keep resisting helmets. Our basic trauma care and evacuation of highway casualties, which can reduce fatalities drastically, are non-existent. The second biggest mass murderer is our railway. While rail crash deaths have actually been declining (1,762 in 2012, compared to 2,222 in 2007) NCRB data paints a shameful picture of rising rail-related deaths in the same period from 24,162 to 27,042. This means, every year more Indians die falling off trains or run over by them than all our uniformed lives lost in the wars of 1962, 1965 and 1971. In Mumbai alone, ten human beings die each day on the rail tracks. Of course the railway pays all their families compensation because one thing our establishment knows is to convince us to monetise human lives, particularly if victims happen to be poor.
That is not the way decent societies work. The solution lies in increasing social awareness, survival and rescue training. We now know that extreme weather events are to be expected. Timely warning and resolute prevention can work wonders, as Odisha and Andhra showed with Cyclone Phailin. Civic and local relief and rescue capacities have to be built. Remember the stirring New York Fire Department performance on 9/11. They fought heroically, lost 343 lives, or nearly 15 per cent of all fatalities, but saved thousands. They did not wait for any "federal forces" or special equipment to arrive. The lesson is, no new uniform, acronyms, special budgets or relief cheques can make up for lack of vigilance, awareness and sensitivity, which is chronic to India.
Postscript: History bites, and how, in Tamil Nadu. One of the news highlights of this week was Jayalalithaa filing for libel against Subramanian Swamy. The two have fought and made up so many times already that it must be the longest lasting Tom and Jerry show in politics, where in-deed the roles keep reversing.
I am a particularly affected party because in a three-page interview published in INDIA TODAY in December 1992, probably Jayalalithaa's most candid ever, she had said things about Swamy that were not exactly complimentary.
Swamy responded as Swamy would, suing her for libel, and along with her the purveyors of that interview, that was me, Prakash M. Swamy (my Chennai colleague then, who shared the byline) and Aroon Purie (as editor-in-chief).
While lawyers were drafting replies, I was struck by, what else, but re-porter's luck as I found myself seated next to Swamy on an Indian Airlines flight to Chennai (then Madras). "I am sorry, Dr Swamy, just your luck that you have drawn me next to you," I said somewhat cheekily, being a quarter century younger. "My only problem with you is, what is a nice guy like you doing in INDIA TODAY?" he replied. One thing you will never find Swamy lacking in is humour and repartee. "What to do, Dr Swamy," I said, "when you haven't found me another job?"
"A job?" he said, with the mischievous prime-time smile we the nation are so familiar with now. "I am trying to send you to jail." "I will go to jail for your sake, sir, but can you do me a favour?" I asked. "What do you want now?" Swamy was smiling kindly. "Get me solitary confinement, sir, a jail sentence with Jayalalithaa and Aroon Purie would be really tough," I said.
We both laughed. And Swamy had the last laugh. Soon enough, he had made up with Jayalalithaa and withdrawn the case against her. As for what happens to her case against him now, keep watching this space.
Follow the writer on Twitter @ShekharGupta
Reproduced From India Today. © 2014. LMIL. All rights reserved. 
Recommend

I don`t expect indosolar to go below rs. 5.90. the stock is finding st...Gold Member
682 Followers
Investors, It`s your mind game. If you have strong conviction and belief then nobody in the world can change your views not only about stock, for that matter anying in your personal life. I am a very strong person and my views in life never change, whoever may shout any number of times. Such person only can come in life and too in stock market. If your belief gets shaken by few members negative messages what sort of a investor you all are? be strong. If you all do not agree with the negative members, just don`t answer. They will vanish over a period of time. I have seen this. Jumping one stock to another will lead to huge loss. Also, showing rosy picture in xyz stock and you get attracted with 1 or 2 days of UC is not the right approaching in investing in stock market. Hope our friends agree with my views.
6.58 AM Sep 17th

Frns.....shuffle to spic....same price levels but better chances...or ...Silver Member
8 Followers
frns.....shuffle to spic....same price levels but better chances...or look for escorts...nucleus...elecast...its a suggestion to jump out of the sinking boat...i booked losses of 1.6 lac in opto..
6.54 AM Sep 17th  | Track

Good morning..aaj bajaar barhega aur jpa bi 4-5%Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Lost all the hopes of a rally..Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Tycoon orders 30 Rolls for record $20m© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c422f420-3d9a-11e4-8797-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Police identify suspect in shooting of Pennsylvania state trooperBy Mark Berman September 16 Follow @markberman
Eric Matthew Frein, 31, has been named a suspect by police in the shooting of two Pennsylvania state troopers last week. A manhunt for Frein, a local survivalist, is underway. (AP)
Police have identified a suspect in the shooting of a Pennsylvania state trooper and warned that they have been unable to locate the gunman, who they say has expressed a desire to “commit mass acts of murder.”
Frank Noonan, commissioner of the Pennsylvania State Police, said Tuesday that arrest warrants had been issued for Eric Matthew Frein, 31, of Canadensis, Pa. A manhunt is underway to find Frein, who is “armed and extremely dangerous,” Noonan said during a news conference.
Frein has been charged with murder, assault and several other counts following the shooting Friday night near a state police barracks in Blooming Grove, in the northeastern corner of the state.
Cpl. Bryon Dickson was killed, while another trooper, Alex Douglass, was seriously wounded. Noonan later described the shooting as “an ambush,” saying that the troopers were shot without warning while one was heading to the barracks and the other was leaving it.
The office of Pennsylvania Attorney General Kathleen G. Kane released this photo of Frein and called on anyone with any information to call the state police tip line:
WANTED: Eric Matthew Frein for the murder/attempted murder of PA State police officers. CALL 1-866-326-7256 pic.twitter.com/gua7g3R0Up
— AG Kathleen G. Kane (@PaAttorneyGen) September 16, 2014
Shell casings matching those used in the shooting were discovered in a vehicle not far from the barracks, along with information that identified Frein, Noonan said.
Noonan described Frein as a “survivalist” and said he has spoken before about killing police officers and other people.
“He has made statements about wanting to kill law enforcement officers and also to commit mass acts of murder,” Noonan said. “What his reasons are, we don’t know. But he has very strong feelings about law enforcement and seems to be very angry with a lot of things that go on in our society.”
Authorities have warned in recent years that people with particularly violent feelings toward law enforcement officers could pose a growing threat and target such officers or government officials. The number of ambushes of police officers has also increased in recent years, according to the National Law Enforcement Partnership to Prevent Gun Violence.
A large search effort involving about 200 officers is searching a forest-covered stretch of Pennsylvania for Frein, according to police. But they had not been able to locate him as of Tuesday afternoon.
“Every attack on an officer of the law is an attack on our state, our country and civilized society,” Pennsylvania Gov. Tom Corbett said in a statement after the shooting. “The incident in Blooming Grove shows, once again, that our first responders face constant danger in order that the rest of us may live in peace and safety.”
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He runs Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.

Rajan warns on excessive FII inflowsRajan warns on excessive FII inflows
Fed faces considerable time challengeRobin Harding
Robin Harding is the FT's US economics editor, based in Washington. Prior to this, he was based in Tokyo, covering the Bank of Japan and Japan's technology sector, and in London as an economics leader writer. Robin studied economics at Cambridge and has a masters in economics from Hitotsubashi University, where he was a Monbusho scholar. Before joining the FT, Robin worked in asset management and banking.

Giving up on the hedge fund dreamCalpers gives up on the hedge fund dream
A $300bn pension fund cannot make these investments pay
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/32537b84-3d8e-11e4-8797-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Truckin Investors cash in chips on Con-wayTruckin? Investors cash in chips on Con-way
By: Gary Strauss September 16, 2014 5:13 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
 
Freight hauler Con-way CNW drove off interest Tuesday, falling 5.5% to $50.60 after stock analysts at Cowen & Co. and Robert W. Baird downgraded their ratings on the Texas-based company.
The move comes just days after Con-way’s 110  truck drivers at its Laredo terminal voted to unionize, which Baird’s Ben Hartford says could build cost pressures.
Hartford says while the likelihood of  Con-way’s 19,000 freight at workers at 300 terminals fully unionizing is low, there is “incremental risk”  in both investor sentiment and margins.
Hartford maintained his $55 price target, but downgraded his “outperform” rating to “neutral.”
Con-way, due to report third-quarter earnings Oct. 29, posted a 25% jump in second-quarter net income and an 8% rise in revenue.  Year-to-date, shares are up 28%.
 

Largest U.S. pension dumps hedge fundsAmerica's largest pension ditches hedge funds
By Jesse Solomon   @JesseSolomonCNN September 16, 2014: 3:28 PM ET
CalPERS, the mega pension fund for government employees and retirees in California, is getting out of hedge funds.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
America's largest pension fund is saying goodbye to hedge funds.
The decision by the California Public Employees' Retirement System (CalPERS) to exit all hedge funds within the next year is making waves on Wall Street, where hedge fund assets are at record levels even as their returns have suffered.
That's because CalPERS, which manages roughly $300 billion on behalf of 1.6 million government employees and retirees, holds considerable clout in the investment community. When you're that big, people listen, and CalPERS has a history of activism. It's known to take large stakes in publicly traded companies and then aggressively push for corporate change.
Related: America's 6 biggest public pensions
In a press release, CalPERS indicated that it's choosing to dump its approximately $4 billion in hedge fund investments because they've become too complex and costly to manage. CalPERS said it paid $135 million in hedge fund fees in the fiscal year that ended June 30th alone.
Hedge funds don't come cheap. While fees vary, most of these so-called alternative funds go by the "2 and 20" rule, whereby they take fees equal to 2% of assets under management as well as 20% of any profits they make. In regular business terms, that's a fee for service plus a performance fee.
Meanwhile, hedge fund performance has lagged. CalPERS said its hedge funds returned just 7.1% in the latest fiscal year. According to the Barclay Hedge Fund Index, hedge funds overall returned only 11% in 2013, while the S&P 500 gained 30%. They're up 4.5% so far this year, compared to the S&P 500's 8% advance.
The lagging performance isn't entirely surprising since hedge funds are designed to do well during times of market downturns and volatility. After a five year rally, many strategists are predicting some sort of drop. So it's possible that CalPERS is exiting the hedge fund world at a time when it should be doubling down.
"Generating uncorrelated returns that aren't directional to the market is very powerful," said David Druley, a managing director at Cambridge associates who advises pensions on hedge fund investments.
Druley surmised that there are around 10,000 hedge funds to choose from, but only a few hundred are really worth their weight.
Related: Ex-FBI agent airs Wall Street's dirty laundry
While he thinks CalPERS' maneuver will cause some other pension funds to reevaluate their holdings, he believes hedge funds will continue to receive positive inflows of pension money.
The Teacher Retirement System of Texas, for example, has added to its hedge fund exposure in recent years, and in 2012 took a direct ownership stake in mega hedge fund Bridgewater Associates.
 
Mangia? Olive Garden investor wants better food
Don Steinbrugge of hedge fund consulting firm Agecroft Partners says public pension funds have about 8% of their assets in hedge funds.
CalPERS management is being short sighted when it comes to hedge funds, Steinbrugge argues. He believes their potential to generate big returns regardless of what the market does means that the right hedge are worth the cost.
He noted that stock valuations are getting lofty and persistently low interest rates have led to paltry performance for bonds. That doesn't leave a lot of good investment options on the table, especially ones that could protect against a downturn.
"Instead of being innovative, they're morphing more into a bureaucratic organization that wants to focus primarily on reducing fees," he said.
First Published: September 16, 2014: 3:28 PM ET
Most Popular

Billionaire Peter Thiel tells Apple: Innovate moreBillionaire Peter Thiel tells Apple: Innovate more
By Heather Long   @byHeatherLong September 17, 2014: 5:41 PM ET
 
Peter Thiel: Apple Pay isn't a breakthrough
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Billionaire Peter Thiel has some advice for Apple ( AAPL , Tech30 ): Think bigger.
The Apple Watch and Apple Pay aren't true breakthroughs, Thiel argues. Something like an Apple Television might be.
"You need to come up with something that is vastly better than the next best thing," he told CNN's Erin Burnett in an interview airing on OutFront at 7pm ET Tuesday.
Thiel co-founded PayPal and was an early investor in Facebook ( FB , Tech30 ), among other Silicon Valley startups. Today he's full of criticism for everything from Alibaba to Harvard University.
Related: Alibaba 101: the biggest IPO of all time
The 46-year-old thinks the U.S. is looking at years of stagnation if it doesn't start innovating more. That's his main message in his new book, "Zero to One: Notes on Startups or How to Build the Future."
It's more than words for the wealthy investor. He's gone as far as founding the Thiel fellowship program, where he offers to pay bright college students to drop out of school and start companies.
"A diploma is a dunce hat in disguise," he said . That's especially the case if you don't graduate from a top school, he said.
Related: Watch Peter Thiel's comments on college
Thiel himself is a graduate of Stanford University and Stanford Law School, but he claims his biggest mistake in his 20s was not questioning the norm enough. So far, 83 young people have been through Thiel's program.
Former Harvard University president Larry Summers has called the program "the single most misdirected bit of philanthropy in this decade."
Thiel fires back that if Harvard's education model is so great, why are they limiting it to 6,700 students? Why not increase the undergraduate student body to 20,000 or even 100,000?
Related: Is a college degree worth it?
As for Alibaba, the much talked about Chinese e-commerce giant that is expected to start trading this week on the New York Stock Exchange, it also gets an indifferent shrug from Thiel.
"It's fundamentally a political investment," he said, noting that Saudi Arabia and Iran probably have a freer online system than China. "I would not buy [Alibaba] although I think it will go up some."
Thiel also lashed out at Twitter ( TWTR , Tech30 ), calling the company "mismanaged" on CNBC Wednesday and saying there's "probably a lot of pot smoking going on there." Twitter CEO Dick Costolo jokingly said in a tweet that he would respond a bit later because he was "working my way through a giant bag of Doritos."
These days, Thiel is invested in companies such as Lyft, ZocDoc and Airbnb.
"If you held a gun to my head and said what's the next $100 billion company, I would say Airbnb," he said, praising the company as the next big thing out of Silicon Valley.
Related: Is Airbnb really worth $10 billion?
He's also a fan of monopolies. He published an opinion piece in the Wall Street Journal over the weekend, arguing that monopolies are a necessary part of innovation. The headline read: "Competition is for losers."
"You don't want to just do 'me too' companies that are copying what others are doing," he said. "The reward for coming up with something new is you are the only person who has it. We protect monopolies with copyright."
First Published: September 16, 2014: 7:35 PM ET
Most Popular

Results reflect peoples anger over Modis unkeptpromisesNarendra Modi
Express News Service | Ahmedabad | Posted: September 17, 2014 6:27 am | Updated: September 17, 2014 7:32 am
Welcoming the bypoll results, an upbeat state Congress said on Tuesday that it indicated change in the mood of people who were misled earlier by Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s propaganda. The Congress has wrested three assembly seats of Deesa, Mangrol and Khambhaliya. Two of these seats have been with the BJP since 2007 and one since 2002. The BJP, however, retained six Assembly seats and Vadodara Lok Sabha seat.
State Congress president Arjun Modhwadia said that Congress had also improved its position in other seats as BJP’s victory margin had gone down. Stating that the results indicated “anger of the people against Modi’s false promises,” he said that Modi had neither curbed inflation, nor been able to deal sternly with Pakistan and China which he promised in his rhetoric during the 2014 General Elections. Modi had accused Congress-led UPA government of being “soft” on Pakistan and China.
He alleged that while Pakistan had made 49 ceasefire violations on the Line of Control in J&K, China had committed 323 ceasefire violations since Modi became the PM. “China has also forcibly taken over 24 kilometres of Indian territory in Leh area and Chinese forces have laid siege to over 100 Indian troops in Leh sector for the last two days while Modi is in Ahmedabad to welcome Chinese President,” Modhwadia said.
The Leader of Opposition in the state Assembly, Shankersinh Vaghela, said that Modi had promised to take revenge for the beheading of Indian soldiers by Pakitan and teach a lesson to China. “But Modi government has badly failed to fulfill these promises,” said Vaghela. “The results reflected the anger of people against Modi’s failure to fulfill the promises,” he added.
Senior party leader and MLA from Abdasa, Shaktisinh Gohil, said that Chief Minister Anandiben Patel had appealed to the voters to ensure the victory of BJP candidates in the nine Assembly seats and Vadodara Lok Sabha seat as a birthday gift to Modi.  “Her appeal was an insult to democracy and the voters have given a fitting reply by rejecting the BJP candidates in three seats, reducing the victory margin in other seats,” said Gohil.
On some BJP leaders not holding Modi responsible for BJP’s poor performance in bypolls, Gohil, who is also the national spokesperson of the Congress from Gujarat, said: “If victory in Delhi University Student Union polls can be attributed to Modi’s political charisma, Modi should also be held responsible for the party’s poor performance in the bypolls.”

NFL Players Association Appeals Ray Rice s Indefinite Suspensionnfl players association appeals ray rice s indefinite suspension
Don t take lower CAD for granted: RBI | 10 fatal foreign M&AsYou are here: Home > Collections
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan warns against lowering guard on foreign capital flow
ET Bureau Sep 17, 2014, 07.14AM IST
Tags:
foreign capital flow
(RBI had in July raised foreign…)
MUMBAI: Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan has said the country must limit its reliance on foreign debt because it cannot be taken for granted.
"We managed to bring down the current account deficit substantially, we are limiting our reliance on foreign debt. It is important we keep it this way and manage the economy in way that is careful and that is circumspect," Rajan said here on Tuesday.
"At some point, these (foreign) investors will find greater usage of their money back home and they want to go out once again," he said at the 55th foundation day celebrations of Somaiya College in Mumbai. "That's when you have financial difficulty once the money flows out."
India's current account deficit, or excess of imports over exports, narrowed to 1.7 per cent of GDP in FY14 from an all-time high of 4.8 per cent of GDP in the previous fiscal largely on account of overseas flows.
RBI had in July raised foreign institutional investors' debt limit by $5 billion to $25 billion after the investments started nearing the $20 billion threshold.
According to reports, the additional headroom is almost exhausted and FIIs' debt investments in the country are nearing $25 billion, leading to expectations that there might be an increase in the cap again.
Rajan underscored the need to be very careful about spending because financial conditions will change. The money or the capital flows that India has received is largely out of the stimulus offered by some developed countries such as the US in their economies.
If this money is spent mindlessly, then there is a risk of running large deficits based on this foreign 'borrowing'. "This is why numbers like current account deficit are worth watching closely," Rajan said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sureshot$-buy aurobindo pharma@852.10 sl 842 tgt 874 !!Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Mr jain there is no chance that it will go down before creating new hi...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Buy...hero motocorp....at cmp....intraday....target....2820....2830......Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Once again i say i do not predict. one can only analyse. when that goe...Platinum Member
200 Followers
Once again i say I do NOT predict. One can only analyse. When that goes wrong cos of pattern failure and such, many will/do come to dole out flak :P it`s tough to just tell u on board what and how to do.Read and visit sites to learn . All stuff free with Net. I always advise Candlestick Charting for Dummies and Technical Analysis for Dummies. They are a great start. Each pattern can then be seen for examples on various sites like chartschool, investopedia, patternsite, etc. Since u say ua re a beginner, i`d advice u to lay off real trading till u get the hang of things. Trying to "practice" realtime can set u back a few lakhs!!!
7.26 AM Sep 17th

Carbon dioxide levels in atmosphere surgeLevel of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere surges
By Pilita Clark in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0a490d90-3783-11e4-bd0a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

War and peace factions split Ukraine‘War’ and ‘peace’ factions split Ukraine politics
By Neil Buckley and Roman Olearchyk in Kiev
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/37164582-3ce1-11e4-871d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Violence puts pressure on Ukraine truceViolence puts Ukraine ceasefire under pressure
By Roman Olearchyk in Kiev
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d87311b6-3cf1-11e4-871d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Artificial spleen cleans up blood infectionsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

India launch pad for Android Ones global ambitionsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Its not completely bad news for ChinaSeptember 15, 2014 10:41 pm
It’s not completely bad news for China
Slower growth makes it easier to rebalance the economy
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/33814f32-3ced-11e4-a2ab-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Calpers pulls out of costly hedge fundsCalpers pulls out of ‘costly’ hedge funds
By Tom Braithwaite in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/eb1cfd56-3d26-11e4-871d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

WPI at 5-year low but RBI governor Raghuram Rajan sticks to gunsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Gold near 8-month low on fears of hawkish Fed  weak physical buyingE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Prince William Harry cancels birthday bash due to Kate Middleton s illnessE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

China practises democracy in classChina’s schoolchildren practise democracy in the classroom
By Patti Waldmeir
Primary school voting is to teach pupils responsibility and how to compete in a civilised way
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/770fe898-39ba-11e4-93da-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The fight for Chinas sorrowSeptember 1, 2014 7:10 pm
The fight for ‘China’s sorrow’
By Lucy Hornby
Can Beijing prevent the Yellow River running dry, asks Lucy Hornby
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3683bb8e-0205-11e4-ab5b-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

LVMH and Herms look to end their feudLVMH and Hermès see benefits in ending luxury war feud
By Adam Thomson in Paris
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ce231e6c-337e-11e4-ba62-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Trend-following funds bounce back© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ad69bec6-3cff-11e4-871d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

KKR extends financing to GMR Holdings  to lend $164mnSep 16, 2014, 05.21 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
KKR extends financing to GMR Holdings, to lend $164mn
GMR Group is one of the fastest-growing infrastructure enterprises in India with interests in the airport, energy, highway and urban infrastructure sectors.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
KKR extends financing to GMR Holdings, to lend $164mn
GMR Group is one of the fastest-growing infrastructure enterprises in India with interests in the airport, energy, highway and urban infrastructure sectors.
Post your opinion here
 
Leading global investment firm KKR announced that it has signed a term sheet to provide INR10 billion (USD164.2 million) of structured long-term financing, with co-investors, to leading Indian infrastructure development company GMR Holdings Pvt. Ltd. (“GMR”), the holding company for the  GMR Infrastructure Ltd. (“GIL”) (NSE stock code: GMRI:IN), one of India's leading infrastructure business groups.
The transaction is subject to customary transaction documentation. Further terms of the transaction have not been disclosed.
GMR Group is one of the fastest-growing infrastructure enterprises in India with interests in the airport, energy, highway and urban infrastructure sectors. GMR Holdings will infuse funds in GMR Infrastructure in the form of equity capital which will help GIL to further strengthen its balance sheet, support the funding requirement for projects and meet its financing obligations.
Grandhi Kiran Kumar, Group Director, GMR Holdings, said, “The infusion of additional equity from promoters of GIL is a testimony to the promoters’ confidence in the long-term value of the Group’s business. The rights issue, after successful conclusion, will improve the net worth of GIL and bring down the net debt-to-equity ratio to around 2.85 as against 3.50 prevailing as of March 2014. In addition, it will reduce the corporate debt of GIL. This partnership with KKR helps GMR to strengthen its foundation for the next phase of growth.”
BV Krishnan, Managing Director, KKR Capital Markets, said, “We are delighted to have entered into this partnership with GMR, which has been at the forefront of high-quality infrastructure development in India.GMR represents a significant opportunity for KKR to partner with committed infrastructure groups which have developed world-class, highly relevant assets to build India.”
In India, KKR provides structured financing solutions through multiple capital pools, including a non-banking finance company, alternative investment funds and special situations capital pools.
The firm looks to provide flexible, long-term capital which can help companies achieve their objectives of balance sheet consolidation, deleveraging and long-term growth. KKR has executed more than US$2 billion of structured financing to 21 business groups in India through its credit and capital markets business over the past five years.
RELATED NEWS

Tough for PSBs to hire laterally  says SBI chairman Arundhati BhattacharyaE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Doom or Boom Fate of online gaming in India hangs in balance as SC mulls legalityDoom or Boom? Fate of online gaming in India hangs in balance as SC mulls legality
Subhash Narayan | Updated:  Sep 16 2014, 19:52  IST
Sep 16 2014, 19:52  IST
 

EU and Ukraine ratify trade agreementEU and Ukraine ratify trade agreement in historic vote
By Roman Olearchyk in Kiev
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1051b562-3d8b-11e4-8797-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Calpers  just not that into you© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/18249ec6-3d7c-11e4-8797-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

People have started voting for  Modi-free  India: Congress20
0
New Delhi: Buoyed by the bypoll verdict, Congress on Tuesday had a dig at Prime Minister Narendra Modi saying that within 100 days of his rule, people have started voting for a 'Modi-free India".
Party spokesperson Abhishek Singhvi also said on Twitter that BJP chief Amit Shah may have to apply for a new job in the party in the wake of the electoral reverses. In a series of tweets, he said "Surprised Mr Modi? Within 100 days itself the people of India are voting for a Modi free india!"
"UP said no to Amit shah and yogi's brand of politics. Namo must introspect." Singhvi insisted the law of diminishing returns applies in an accelerated manner to BJPs "communal divisive politics and this is exactly what happened today".
Congress spokesperson Abhishek Singhvi also said on Twitter that BJP chief Amit Shah may have to apply for a new job in the party in the wake of the electoral reverses.
#congress #bjp #abhishek manu singhvi #amit shah
"Those like Modi and BJP who sleep the smug, complacent sleep of communalism deserve the rude awakening given by the electorate today. Amit Shah may have to apply for a new job in BJP".
With "Love Jihad" issue boomranging on BJP, Singhvi wondered "either BJP doesn't give importance to local issues or Love Jihad is a foreign issue?"
"Campaign creativity evident by the fact that despite many existing issues in UP, precedence was given to fictional ones like Love Jihad", he said in a jibe at the ruling party. Party leader Rashid Alvi said the reverses for BJP was a "victory" of secularism in the country as people from Gujarat to Uttar Pradesh have voted against communalism.
7

J&K floods: Air India sends 21 lifeboats from New York to Srinagar free of cost20
0
New Delhi: Air India has transported 21 lifeboats from New York to Srinagar free of cost to aid the ongoing rescue and relief operations in flood-ravaged Jammu and Kashmir.
The 21 inflatable boats in a 100 kg consignment were given by "a good samaritan" and flown in the direct New York-Delhi flight and then sent to Srinagar, an airline spokesperson said.
On its arrival at Srinagar, the boats were immediately put into operation, he said, adding that earlier too, Air India had carried 15 boats for the Indian armed forces for evacuation purpose.
Air India also transported 20 tonnes of relief material, mostly medicines, drinking water, blankets, cooked food and chlorine tablets, on its two flights from Delhi to Srinagar.
#air india #jammu and kashmir #jammu and kashmir floods #floods
Air India also transported 20 tonnes of relief material, mostly medicines, drinking water, blankets, cooked food and chlorine tablets, on its two flights from Delhi to Srinagar.
Air India has been flying in large quantities of relief materials to Srinagar, Jammu and Leh over the past week, apart from ferrying a large number of armed forces and paramilitary personnel from Jammu to Srinagar and Leh to help in the rescue and relief operations.
1204

With Modi as PM  India s credibility crisis has ended: Amit Shah11
0
Ahmedabad: BJP president Amit Shah on Tuesdasysaid that India's "credibility crisis" has ended under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and the country has started earning respect in the world.
Speaking at the felicitation function of the Prime Minister at Adalaj here, Shah also expressed hope that India would emerge as the 'vishwa guru' (world leader) under Modi's leadership.
Though he started his speech saying that he was not here to discuss the report card of first 100 days of the Modi government, the BJP president went on to list the work done by it.
Though he started his speech saying that he was not here to discuss the report card of first 100 days of the Modi government, the BJP president went on to list the work done by it.
#amit shah #narendra modi #china #india
"I am not here to discuss the report card of the first 100 days of the BJP-led government's rule...I am not here to say that in this 100 days, inflation has come down to a five-year-low...I am also not here to say that Jan Dhan Yojana will help millions of poors...I am not here to tell you that India is seen with respect across the world due to our foreign policy," Shah said.
"What I want to discuss is, people's faith in their leader has strengthened. India's credibility crisis has gone," Shah said.
He also said that the Modi government has prepared a detailed roadmap for the future.
"Indian government has made a roadmap of many crucial projects, such as cleaning of Ganga, increasing GDP, strengthening internal security, interlinking of rivers, etc." he said.
The former Gujarat minister said that not just India, but the whole world has great expectations from Modi.
"I pray to God that he (Modi) serves India for a very long time to fulfil these expectations. I pray that India becomes 'vishwa guru' under Modi's leadership, he said.
The PM is in Ahmedabad to welcome Chinese President Xi Jinping, who will be here tomorrow on a single-day visit.
2

NASA Picks Boeing and SpaceX to Ferry AstronautsAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

Podcast: Isis and a new Iraq warIsis and the new war in Iraq Sep 16, 2014 - 5:25 pm
Barack Obama, the US president, promised in a televised address to destroy Isis, the self-proclaimed Islamist state in Iraq. Does that mean another western war in the Middle East is under way?  Gideon Rachman puts the question to Roula Khalaf, FT foreign editor, James Blitz, former security editor, and David Gardner, FT correspondent in Beirut.

Alphaville: US income distributionRemember me on this computer
Sign in
"Remember me" uses a cookie. View our Cookie Policy .
Search

Herms joins line for China luxury successHermès takes the long view of its position in China
By Patti Waldmeir in Shanghai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/349446fa-3cb5-11e4-871d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

UK pension fund hits at hedge fund feesUK pension fund criticises hedge fund fees
By Miles Johnson, Chris Flood and Madison Marriage
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8bcdae22-3dad-11e4-b782-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Fox News anchor says Hillary Clinton should pay attention to the lessons of RGIIIs injuryBy Dan Steinberg September 16 Follow @dcsportsbog
(By Alex Brandon / AP)
Back in the early days of Robert Griffin III, it was popular to compare him to Barack Obama. This was silly. But still, popular.
Here was Maureen Dowd, in the New York Times :
While Obama — who has had a failure to communicate — finds media a bother, Griffin has an easy charm with the press. He never shows aggrievement.
While Obama gets tangled up in his head — trying to decide if he’s too noble to play politics or if spending some evenings schmoozing with pols and flattering them to further his agenda will leave him too depleted — RGIII keeps the joy, intensity and bonhomie in his game….
Let’s hope that as Barry watches Robert, he’ll learn that stunning opponents with big plays, and then building on that excitement, can energize his teammates, scare his opponents and lead to big wins.
Here was J.R. Moehringer, in ESPN the Mag , writing a letter to Obama:
I’m writing to you on behalf of a young man who recently moved to your district. He’s a 23-year-old native of Copperas Cove, Texas, a recent graduate of Baylor University, and it’s my hope that you might offer him some guidance. It’s my fear that you’re the only person who can. His name is Robert Griffin III. You have a passing, public acquaintance with Mr. Griffin, of course, but I suspect you root for him privately, perhaps intensely, perhaps more than you realize, and how could you not? In many ways Mr. Griffin is you, and you are him.
Here was Sports Illustrated, promoting an S.L. Price feature :
Just the idea of RG3 is enough to make D.C. natives happy. Four years after President Obama came into town with ideas of hope and change, here comes another black man to lead the melting pot of Washington believers – and last NFL team to integrate – to a brighter future.
 
(Via Fox)
Plus Fox did an RGIII/Obama/Romney piece , with the above images, and quotes like these:
“RGIII hasn’t been in Washington very long, but he’s already created change,” Romney said.
“It’s tough to unite this city around anything,” Obama said. “Believe me, I know. But RGIII makes it look easy.”
Well, comparing RGIII to Obama is very 2012/2013. Now it’s 2014, and RGIII is no longer a symbol of bonhomie and unity, the football equivalent of Barack Obama. Instead, he’s a cautionary tale for Hillary Clinton. Here’s Neil Cavuto, writing about Clinton for FoxBusiness.com :
History is filled with guaranteed frontrunners who don’t quite pan out. In politics and in business, the so-called “go-to” guy – or gal – doesn’t always end up going, let alone winning. He or she either doesn’t get the job, or fails miserably trying for the job, leaving it to a lesser-known runner-up to finish the job.
It happens in sports, too. Just this past weekend, Washington Redskins quarterback Robert Griffin III suffered an ankle injury, threatening to keep him out the rest of the season – ring a bell? Lo and behold, his replacement, backup quarterback Kirk Cousins went on to throw two touchdown passes in the Redskins’ 41-10 walloping of the Jacksonville Jaguars.
So did Griffin not get the job, or did he fail miserably trying for it? Or did he maybe suffer a freak injury that actually has absolutely zero correlation to political races?
None of this means Cousins will make Redskins fans forget RGIII, but for now, he’s certainly easing their angst. He’s also turning their expectations upside down – for now, in a good way.
That’s what happens when what we think might happen changes, when the person we “thought” would make it happen either stumbles or just leaves the scene.
Well, maybe. Alternatively, the person we “thought” would make it happen gets deactivated amid shocking child abuse allegations, and his replacement carries 13 times for 36 yards, and his team gets routed at home, and no one’s expectations have been turned upside down. Which also has nothing to do with Hillary Clinton.
Remember it was Hillary Clinton herself who was the runaway favorite to win the Democratic nomination back in 2008, only to be upended by Barack Obama.
In this case, Obama was actually Kirk Cousins. And Mitt Romney was presumably Chad Henne. Tough to keep these straight.
(NOTE: IT WAS SO TOUGH THAT I WROTE MITT ROMNEY WHEN I MEANT JOHN MCCAIN. So I guess John McCain was actually Chad Henne, which means that Romney = Blake Bortles, most likely.)
Such is history’s often surprising fate – those who shouldn’t even be in the limelight invariably create their own limelight – almost making you forget the supposedly bright stars that dominated the public galaxy just prior.
Indeed, even now, Indianapolis is basking in the limelight created by Curtis Painter and Dan Orlovsky when the supposedly bright star of Peyton Manning suddenly dimmed.
It’s similarly too early to say Washington Redskins fans can relax in the face of their celebrated quarterback once again getting sidelined; much depends on whether his backup keeps piling the points up. It’s clear Kirk Cousins has it in him; for how long, we’ll just have to see. But if history proves anything – in sports, as in life – there are no guarantees that those who dominate the headlines today will necessarily dominate them tomorrow.
Today, Kirk Cousins. Tomorrow, Colt McCoy. Beware, Cousins. History and its fleeting headlines are coming for you.
Just look at those who didn’t back then, but suddenly do now. Whether it’s Barack Obama or Tim Cook, or maybe this relatively unknown backup quarterback in Washington, things happen. Or more to the point – life happens.
Indeed. One year you’re completing 52 percent of your passes, with four touchdowns and seven interceptions, and the next year, Fox News analysts are writing paeans to your virtues.

Advisory for MARC Penn Line ridersComments
By Washington Post Editors September 16
Due to the ongoing repairs to the track area between MARC’s Aberdeen and Perryville stations, MARC’s Penn Line trains will continue to originate or terminate from the Edgewood station throughout the evening and Wednesday morning, according to the Maryland Transit Administration.
MTA officials said they were awaiting approval from Amtrak before resuming service as their crews were working to repair the tracks.
Some MARC trains headed to Washington were delayed, and Amtrak service between Washington and Philadelphia was suspended Tuesday morning after a freight train struck a pole in the Northeast Corridor, north of Baltimore.
Amtrak service between Washington and Philadelphia resumed early Tuesday afternoon.
This post will be updated as news develops.
 

Washington Post EditorsLocal chefs add new flavors to gravy-smothered french fries covered in cheese curds
Nov 21, 2014
Diversity is showcased in a Petworth storefront.
Nov 20, 2014
The cat cafe will be more like a cafe next to a room full of cats.
Nov 20, 2014
And sit up straight, while you’re at it.
Nov 18, 2014
The chef, who placed third in season nine, will begin next week.
Nov 17, 2014
Capture that day-after-Thanksgiving magic a few days early.
Nov 17, 2014
The restaurant is getting a six-week facelift.
Nov 13, 2014
You’ll have two chances to try the cooking of the forthcoming Dabney chef in the next week.
Nov 13, 2014
Celebrate a wonderful event and create a new family tradition (restrictions apply).
Nov 10, 2014
The culinary incubator will rotate its members through the museum’s Mezzanine Cafe.
Nov 7, 2014
Load More
About
Maura Judkis covers culture, food, and the arts for the Weekend section and Going Out Guide. She has also written for U.S. News & World Report, TBD.com, ARTnews, the Washington City Paper and the Onion A.V. Club. If you see her out and about – at restaurants, museums, theaters, or Meridian Hill Park with her two dogs – say hi.
Most Read

Alibaba options to be listed on ISE on Sept. 29 pending IPOAlibaba options to be listed on ISE on Sept. 29 pending IPO
Debt threatens Indias fragile recoveryWorst is far from over for India’s indebted tycoons
By James Crabtree
Risk remains that unexploded debt bombs could go off suddenly
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/def22ca4-3d76-11e4-8797-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

THE CWS ARROW: As Season 3 nears  here are 4 reasons that todays new Blu-ray hits the markStephen Amell as the titular hero of “Arrow” in the episode titled “Unthinkable” (Cate Cameron/The CW/Warner Bros.)
 
IT’S A FITTING time to reflect on just how far the CW’s superhero hit “Arrow” has traveled in just two seasons.
As “Arrow’s” second season becomes available Tuesday on Blu-ray, DVD and digital devices — ahead of the third-season premiere Oct. 8 — it’s easy to forget that the show once had many skeptics. “Arrow,” however, had such a stellar first season that it won over most all doubters. It quickly showed itself to be dark, gritty and suspenseful entertainment that was loyal enough to the DC Comics material that served as the show’s inspiration — so much so that fanboys gave it a thumbs-up, while newcomers to this part of the DC universe could readily come aboard, as well.
“Arrow’s” first season surprised fans, with Stephen Amell starring as Oliver Queen, the occasional cold-blooded killer (of only bad guys) who took control of his corrupt and crime-filled hometown by nearly means necessary. And the second season served as the bridge to take Amell from a lethal-force vigilante to something a little more super.
“Arrow’s” producers acknowledge that Christopher Nolan’s big-screen Dark Knight trilogy hugely influenced them as they aimed to adapt another of DC Comics’ billionaire playboys. They decided they couldn’t just come out with Oliver being a superhero in a mask with a catchy name like Green Arrow. In the beginning, there was only a green hood and war paint — with Oliver having no intention of becoming a hero.
Season 2 gave fans an Oliver Queen who was clearly affected by (retro-spoiler) the death of best friend Tommy at the end of Season 1. As he searched for a new path, bad guys were rounded up for the police instead of put in body bags. Oliver reluctantly picked up a new helper (and eventual third-season sidekick) Roy Harper (who will make his debut as Arsenal this fall) — joining Felicity Smoak and Diggle, his allies in the “arrow-cave.” Deathstroke, a key DC Comics rogue, was presented as Oliver’s former brother-figure/mentor, now a mortal enemy who has an everlasting effect on Oliver’s life at the close of Season 2.
Then, of course, there is the mask.
Once “Arrow” became a success out of the gate, fans asked for the mask. They didn’t get it in Season 1 — or even in the first part of Season 2. But along came a guy named Barry Allen (yes, that Barry Allen, who will later become the fastest man alive — The Flash — and star in his own CW series this fall as well, after making his debut in season 2 of “Arrow”). Barry convinced Oliver that the war paint had to go, and designed a mask for him that he can wear out in the field without hindering his acumen with a bow and arrow — and which, of course, allows him to get closer to his allies without revealing his secret identity.
No more war paint? No more killing? Looking to inspire? A mask? Now we’ve got all the prime ingredients of a full-fledged superhero show. Which is what Season 2 of “Arrow” was about — waking up the hero.
Here are Four Takeaways from the new Blu-ray edition of Season 2:
1. If, for some reason, you decide to pick up this Blu-ray without having seen the first season — or even if you’ve already seen it — there is a great Season 1 recap chock full of juicy highlights.
2. The many extras here include the telling of Oliver’s rise from vigilante to hero; a look at the show’s visual-effects magic of the show; the very funny gag reel; unaired scenes — and a look-back at “Arrow’s” 2013 visit to San Diego Comic Con.
3. The Blu-ray set comes with an extra set of standard-definition DVDs, which also have all 23 episodes of Season 2. (Also included is an ultraviolet digital version that allows you to stream episodes on your digital device of choice.)
4. Even if you watched “Arrow” in high-def through cable all season, there is something about watching on a Blu-ray in full 1080p that is the ultimate HD viewing experience — a true bull’s-eye.
You can follow freelance contributor David Betancourt on Twitter at @adcfanboy .
Oliver Queen (Stephen Amell), Slade Wilson (Manu Bennett), Moira Queen (Susanna Thompson) and Thea Queen (Willa Holland) in the CW’s “Arrow.” (Cate Cameron/The CW/Courtesy of Warner Bros. Entertainment)

Nifty nosedives over 100 points; ends below 8K markNifty nosedives over 100 points; ends below 8K mark
Cipla ties up with Gilead for Hepatitis drug...You are here: Home > Collections
Cipla teams up with Gilead Lifesciences to make Hepatitis C drug under voluntary licence
DIVYA RAJAGOPAL, ET Bureau Sep 17, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Cipla
(On the face of it, there is…)
MUMBAI: In an interview to ETin 2013, YK Hamied, the founder chairman of Cipla, and some say the scourge of multinational drug companies, prophesied that the Indian drug industry will witness a sea change around the year 2020. "The momentum of 1972 to 1995 (pre-patent era) can't stop . It will last till 2015, but not after that. So to protect myself for 2020 I have to make radical changes."
On Monday, the world got a glimpse of the kind of change that Hamied had in mind when Cipla teamed up with California-based Gilead Lifesciences to make and sell its path-breaking Hepatitis C drug Sofosbuvir under voluntary licence.
On the face of it, there is nothing wrong with this kind of a deal. Pharma companies ink many such pacts on a regular basis. But what has stunned the pharma industry is that Cipla and Gilead were once bitter rivals with the American pharmaceutical giant representing everything that Cipla opposed.
"It is disappointing but the policy framework under which Cipla used to operate has changed," said Leena Menghaney, an intellectual property (IP) expert and lawyer with Medicines Sans Frontier, an aid organisation. "Also for generic companies who want to challenge patents, the scenario has become a lot difficult."
Cipla did not respond to the email query sent by ET. YK Hamied refused to comment, and Subhanu Saxena, CEO Cipla did not respond to a text message sent by ET.
When Hamied cut HIV drug prices to take on multinationals he created a revolution in the global pharma industry. Anti-HIV drugs by multinationals were being sold in many countries at exorbitant prices. Cipla, sensing a big opportunity to establish itself and unseat the hated multinationals, started selling its drugs at $350 per patient per annum. The MNCs, whose drugs were priced $10,000-$15,000 per patient, had no choice but to cut and cut big.
That was not all. Hamied's long history of attacking multinational drug pricing both verbally and in the form of Cipla's generics, and his passionate defence of India's patent laws made him unpopular among global drug makers. Some even accused him of being a thief.
Battlefield Africa
This was the time when AIDS was assuming epidemic-like proportions in Africa and western drug firms and countries were universally upbraided for doing too little and too late.
Many companies, Indian and foreign, were still grappling with the power of the NGOs, not knowing what to make of it.
Some successfully avoided getting caught in battles but many were not so lucky. Cipla went one step ahead of its rivals by co-opting the activists and the health workers earning a David-like status for taking on the multinational Goliaths.
That reputation may now be at stake with this Gilead deal. Not only has the pharma major broken ranks and teamed up with multinationals, it has also forsaken its desire not to get sucked into doing the kind of deals like voluntary licencing.
In an interview to the popular pharma blog Apothcurry in February last year Hamied had said this: "Here is a licence for this drug for five years, we will supply you raw material, we will do this we will do that, this is only valid for India, it is not valid here, it's not valid there.
Then they say you have to sell it under our brand name and that belongs to us. I want to market the product under my name. Otherwise, I am a distributor network. That's what they want. I am not a distributor, I'm a manufacturer."
  New Leadership
The reason behind Cipla's shift in focus is clear when you look at what has been happening in the company. Hamied is no longer as fully involved as he once was. He has left day-to-day operations and strategy to new chief executive officer Subhanu Saxena whose thinking is more closely aligned with the rest of the pharma industry. He aims to make Cipla a much bigger global drug maker with an acceptable face.
Since taking charge, Saxena has made a series of acquisitions in Africa, South East Asia hoping to use its skill in churning out low-cost drugs in fast-growing markets. Cipla aims to earn over 50% of its revenues from the international market, in line with other drug companies like Sun, Dr Reddy's who have much bigger international operations. Cipla is largely a domestic player but expects to start selling drugs in the US by 2015.
"With times, one has to change, you cannot be static and Cipla is no exception," says DG Shah, secretary general of the Indian Pharmaceutical Alliances, a lobby group of Indian drug makers.
"The confrontation between generic and innovator companies is not helping anybody, including consumers, and such collaboration opens up opportunities for all, so it is a win win situation," he explains. Shah says that even Gilead has changed from its past rigid stand regarding technology transfer and geographical reach.
In business, like in politics, there are no permanent friends or enemies only permanent interests. The new Cipla, in search of growth and eager to shed its image as a disrupter, is aiming to create a bigger impact than the one unleashed by cheaper drugs in Africa more than 10 years ago.
FEATURED ARTICLES

SBI lowers long-term deposit rates by 25 bps...You are here: Home > Collections
SBI lowers long-term deposit rates to 8.75%
ET Bureau Sep 17, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
long-term deposit rates
(The country’s largest…)
Mumbai: State Bank of India (SBI) has reduced interest rates on long-term deposits of one to three years by 25 basis points to 8.75 per cent with effect from September 18, mainly due to poor demand growth for loans.
The country's largest bank, at the same time, increased interest rates on short-term deposits of 180 to 210 days to 7.25 per cent from 7 per cent.
Praveen Gupta, deputy MD and chief financial officer at SBI, said improved liquidity in the interbank money market and softening of inflation numbers, too, influenced the bank's decision to cut longterm deposit rates.
"Credit growth is not picking up, but at the same time inflow of deposits continues to improve. Liquidity in the money market has also improved," he told ET. "The inflation numbers too have come down, which shows that interest rates will soften."
So, why increase short-term rates? Gupta said this was to keep the rates aligned with what is offered by other players. In July, SBI reduced interest rates on the short-term deposits by almost 50 basis points to 7 per cent.
Data released by the government on Monday showed that wholesale inflation — a proxy for producer prices in India — eased to a 5-year low of 3.74 per cent in August.
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan, however, on Monday hinted that he will keep interest rates unchanged in the monetary policy review on September 30.
"Inflation is coming down. This is consistent with our forecast. Macro indicators are improving, but still have some way to go before we can declare that we are out of the woods," he had said. Some SBI officials indicated that while its deposit growth has been in line with the banking sector, growth in its advances portfolio is lower than the industry average.
According to data released by RBI, incremental deposits for all commercial banks rose 4.5 per cent this fiscal till August 22, while advances rose 2.1 per cent. On a year on year basis, deposits increased 13.6 per cent and advances 10.9 per cent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Market jittery even before US Fed changes courseYou are here: Home > Collections
Sensex falls 1.2%; market jittery even before Fed changes course
Rajesh Mascarenhas, ET Bureau Sep 17, 2014, 06.48AM IST
Tags:
Fed
(On Tuesday, FIIs net sold…)
Mumbai: Stock investors are on the edge ahead of the US Federal Reserve meeting on Wednesday when it is expected to come out with a timetable to raise interest rates.
With foreign institutional investor (FII) inflows already showing signs of slowing, Dalal Street is worried that a decision to increase in rates in the US sooner-than-expected could spark a sell-off in emerging markets including India.
On Tuesday, FIIs net sold shares worth Rs 829 crore, dragging the Sensex down by 324 points, or 1.21 per cent, to 26,492 — the highest intraday decline since August 1.
Nifty fell 109 points to close below the psychological 8000 level. Mid and small cap stocks took a bigger hit with their indices dropping 3-4 per cent.
"In the near term, a signal of rate increase by the Fed will be negative for markets as it will signal that the period of easy money is over," said Jyotivardhan Jaipuria, head of research, BofA-ML.
Earlier, the Fed projected a rate increase in the second half of 2015 but some hawks have been pushing for one earlier in the year. A Bloomberg survey said Fed officials will maintain interest rates at a record low at their two-day policy meeting.
"Though the market reacted sharply on fears of Fed increasing interest rates, our view is that the Fed will keep rates low until they are convinced that the economic recovery is gathering more velocity," said Gautam Chhaochharia, head of India research, UBS Securities India.
Emerging markets are considered vulnerable to monetary policy tightening in the US because a stronger dollar is likely to deter FIIs from making fresh investments. But, despite the unwinding of the gigantic bond-buying programme or quantitative easing, markets have managed to remain resilient contrary to expectations.
Many analysts believe India will be least affected by a tighter monetary policy by Fed because of improvement in the economy. Emerging markets with higher current account deficits would be most vulnerable.
"As we move towards expectations of a faster-than-anticipated normalisation of the US monetary policy, we will see an increasing degree of investor discrimination within emerging markets," said Abhay Laijawala, head of research, Deutsche Bank.
What may work against Indian stocks is the steep stock market valuation. Domestic equities are trading at premium valuations to most other emerging markets after the blistering rally this year.
While Sensex has risen 27 per cent so far this year, BSE Midcap & Smallcap indices have returned 50 per cent and 72 per cent, respectively. In the month to September 15, the BSE Mid-cap and Small-cap index had gained 8 per cent and 10 per cent, respectively.
Brokers said even if the market corrects in response to the Fed decision, investors should buy shares with strong earnings potential especially in infrastructure and power sectors. "A sell-off caused by Fed worries, might even present investors with a buying opportunity," said Nirmal Jain, chairman, IIFL.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Pre-market: Nifty seen opening higher; may reclaim 7950 levelsGEPL Capital
(Tracking the momentum,…)
NEW DELHI: The 50-share Nifty index is expected to open higher on Wednesday following positive trend seen in other Asian markets . Tracking the momentum, the index is expected to reclaim its crucial psychological support level of 7,950.
At 07:30 a.m., Nifty India stock futures in Singapore were trading 51.50 points higher at 7995.50 indicating gap-up opening on the domestic market.
Nifty ended the day with a loss of 109 points at 7932, while the BSE Sensex cracked 324 points to 26492.51 on Tuesday.
"We witnessed a severe decline since Nifty broke 8040 on Monday and it is now close to an immediate support of 7920. Over the next few sessions it becomes important to observe whether 7920 and below that 7820 are held as a support or not," GEPL Capital said in a report.
"If 7920 is respected as a support then we may witness a bounce back but Nifty may now face stiff resistance in the range of 8050 to 8100," added the report.
If however, 7920 is also breached then the next vital support and the trend reversal level for the present advance is placed at 7820, say analysts.
Any decline that breaches even the support of 7820 should be approached with extreme caution as a breach of the same can induce a severe sell off in coming weeks, they say.
Overnight, US stocks rose and the S&P notched its best performance in a month after a report shifted investor expectations for the Federal Reserve's policy statement due on Wednesday.
"The Fed began its two-day policy meeting on Tuesday, and while it has said it doesn't expect to raise rates until 2015, recent strong economic data has led Fed officials to acknowledge they may need to move sooner than they previously anticipated," Reuters reported.
The Dow Jones industrial average gained 100.83 points, or 0.59 percent, to 17,131.97, the S&P 500 rose 14.85 points, or 0.75 percent, to 1,998.98 and the Nasdaq Composite added 33.86 points, or 0.75 per cent, to 4,552.76.
Asian shares were trading higher. Japan's Nikkei 225 index which was trading 0.18 per cent higher at 15,939 and Hong Kong's Hang Seng index was trading 1.01 per cent higher at 24,379.
South Korea's Kospi index was trading 0.64 per cent higher at 2,056 and China's Shanghai index was trading 0.03 per cent lower at 2,295.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Its a great stock   use this opprotunity to accumulate quality stocks ...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Thanks dear for the message and ur opinion.We thank you for writing to us.
Pursuant to your query, pl find below our responses:
The present remuneration paid to Mr. D. Uday Kumar Reddy was approved by the shareholders in Sept 2010, there has not been an increase in the salary paid to Mr. Uday since then as he voluntarily opted not to take an increase in the remuneration due to a challenging environment for the company and the industry. As the company has now weathered most of the head winds, the board has taken the decision to improve Mr. Uday`s remuneration in line with the industry.
Though the hike in remuneration has been benchmarked against remuneration paid to CEOs in the industry, it is comparatively lower than the remuneration paid to CEO positions.
The proposed hike is also within the limits prescribed (without seeking Central Government approval) by Schedule V of the Companies Act 2013.
The management considers the available options at all times, the Management shall take a right decision at the opportune time and inform the same to the shareholders.
As the subsidiaries of the Tanla are located in various geographies, as a policy the depreciation is calculated on the gross block of fixed assets at rates prescribed by the applicable statutes in respective geographies.
Should you have any further queries you can write back to us.
Kind Regards,

Today will test above 130 levels.Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Sureshot$-buy adani enterprises@493.65 sl 488 tgt 505 !!Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

NSE Nifty falls below 8 000 levelE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Passengers eject Pakistani politicians out of plane for causing delayprint
Angry passengers on board an Islamabad-bound Pakistan International Airways (PIA) flight from Karachi forced two prominent Pakistani politicians off the plane accusing them of holding it for more than two hours. 
PIA's flight PK-370 was scheduled to depart from Karachi's Jinnah International Airport at 7pm on Monday but according to passengers on board it started two hours late.
Pakistan People’s Party (PPP) leader and former interior minister Rehman Malik and Pakistan Muslim League - Nawaz (PML-N) member of National Assembly Dr Ramesh Kumar Wakwani allegedly arrived two hours after the scheduled boarding time and were not allowed to travel by the angry passengers who shooed them off the plane.
Video: Rehman Malik thrown off PIA flight by passengers
Anger caught on camera
The entire episode was uploaded on a French video sharing website called Daily Motion by one of the passengers on board the flight. It then found its way on YouTube.
Around six to eight passengers can be seen assembled near the gateway, which connects the terminal to the aircraft. They can be heard raising slogans.
They then demand that the crew close the door and start the flight. But the crew refuses to do so leading to more commotion and more passengers start crowding the gateway.
Irritated by the VIP culture one of the passengers can be heard saying, "We have taken it for too long... 68 years... Are we going to take it for another 68 years?"
“My foot VIP. Don't you worry. I will grill him when he comes in,” says another passenger.
When Malik enters the gateway, one of the passengers tells Malik to go back.
"Malik sahab, sorry. You should go back. You should apologise to these passengers. You should be ashamed of yourself... 250 passengers have suffered because of you. It is your fault, sir."
Malik then walks away without confronting the passengers.
But Wakwani refused to budge and proceeded to the seat, only to be sent off after a series of altercations.
The crowd can be heard clapping and appreciating those who protested after Wakwani leaves the plane. 
Technical issue or Malik's fault?
Initially, the flight crew offered 'technical issue' as the reason for the delay.
PIA spokesperson Mashood Tajwar, speaking to Pakistani daily Dawn, also said that the delay was due to a technical issue and it was not Malik’s fault.
“PIA does not promote VIP culture... But this flight was delayed an hour and 30 minutes due to a technical reason,” said Tajwar.
“The delay had been conveyed to passengers via SMS. Some passengers who had given the contact details of their travel agent may not have been conveyed the message by their agents,” he added.
Malik also tweeted later that he had nothing to do with the delay.
I hv right to defend myself agst the allegation.PK370 /1900hr was delayed b/c tech reasons/was expected to leave at 2030. So no delay for me— Rehman Malik (@SenRehmanMalik) September 16, 2014
After the incident, Malik argued that once he saw that he was not welcome on the flight, he decided to not travel on that aircraft.
He also asked people not to link him with Wakwani, who unlike Malik proceeded to his seat despite the protests.
Why am I being linked with PMLN minister.i saw the noise with the minister and decided not to go on the flight as One PTI worker was yelling— Rehman Malik (@SenRehmanMalik) September 16, 2014
Interestingly, after deciding not to travel on PK-370, Malik boarded PK-300, another Islamabad-bound flight, which too started 50 minutes late.
am now leaving by pk 300 and now in the plane.50 minutes delay has been announced who shd be blamed for this delay.PIA or me?Obviously PIA— Rehman Malik (@SenRehmanMalik) September 16, 2014

BJP flunks by-poll test in UP & Rajasthan. Worrying signs ahead of state pollsGold Member
9 Followers
BJP were complacent & Modi wanted proove RSS that their formula of polarisation will not work for BJP. Now I think RSS alos will have to look at Modi Majic for upcoming election, which I am sure he will do. I think it vaer early  time to judge Modi govt. We will have to give him 1 year atleast . UP election result would have been different if BSP also participated. Like in Bihar, for all parties BJP has become the main threat & that it self is a good sign, provided they deliver on their promise & results are felt next year.
9.56 AM Sep 17th

Apollo Tyres initiates business rescue proceedings in S AfricaSep 16, 2014, 08.20 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Apollo Tyres starts business rescue proceedings in S Africa
Apollo Tyres had entered South Africa in 2006 with the acquisition of Dunlop Tires International for Rs 290 crore in an all-cash deal. However, it hasn't been able to make the best out of the business there.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Apollo Tyres starts business rescue proceedings in S Africa
Apollo Tyres had entered South Africa in 2006 with the acquisition of Dunlop Tires International for Rs 290 crore in an all-cash deal. However, it hasn't been able to make the best out of the business there.
Post your opinion here
 
Apollo Tyres  is undertaking a an exercise to 'rescue' operations of its South African arm in the wake of uncompetitive cost structure, continuous labour unrest and related issues.
The company has roped in a specialist to re-structure its operations there.
"Apollo Tyres Africa (Pty) Ltd has voluntarily initiated the Business Rescue proceedings, and has appointed a specialist to re-structure its operations and to secure the best value for all stakeholders," a company spokesperson said in a statement.
The evaluation by the independent Business Rescue Practitioner will decide the future course of action for the company in South Africa, the statement added.
"This move by the company, has been prompted by the uncompetitive cost structure in the South African market, along with the continuous labour unrest and related issues," the statement said.
Apollo Tyres had entered South Africa in 2006 with the acquisition of Dunlop Tires International for Rs 290 crore in an all-cash deal. However, it hasn't been able to make the best out of the business there.
In December last year, the company closed transaction to sell its South African business along with a passenger car tyre plant to Sumitomo Rubber Industries in a deal valued at USD 60 million.
The sale included Apollo Tyres South Africa (ATSA), including the Ladysmith passenger car tyre plant, and the Dunlop brand rights that Apollo had in 32 countries of Africa.
Apollo retained the Durban plant which manufactures Truck & Bus Radial (TBR) tyres and Off Highway tyres (OHT) used in the mining and construction industries.
Post the transaction, Apollo Tyres continued to sell Apollo, Vredestein and Regal branded tyres in Africa, and focussed on creating and strengthening its sales and distribution network across the continent.
Apollo Tyres stock price
On November 21, 2014, Apollo Tyres closed at Rs 223.70, down Rs 1.95, or 0.86 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 242.70 and the 52-week low was Rs 74.25.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 10.62 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 21.06. The latest book value of the company is Rs 53.62 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 4.17.
RELATED NEWS

Sebi eases related party transaction norms for listed PSUsSep 16, 2014, 09.29 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Sebi eases related party transaction norms for listed PSUs
In the wake of representations and demands from stakeholders, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) has relaxed various provisions of the new law, especially for smaller companies, and extended the deadline for appointing at least one woman director to April 1, 2015.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sebi eases related party transaction norms for listed PSUs
In the wake of representations and demands from stakeholders, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) has relaxed various provisions of the new law, especially for smaller companies, and extended the deadline for appointing at least one woman director to April 1, 2015.
Post your opinion here
 
With Sebi relaxing corporate governance norms, listed government companies may now be able to carry out related party transactions, including subsidy payments, without prior nod from minority shareholders. In the wake of representations and demands from stakeholders, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) has relaxed various provisions of the new law, especially for smaller companies, and extended the deadline for appointing at least one woman director to April 1, 2015.
Under the revised rules, transactions entered into between two government companies are exempted from getting shareholders' approval through a special resolution. As per Sebi's circular, dated April 17, all related party transactions would require prior approval of the Audit Committee.
Besides, all material related party transactions should get shareholders' approval through special resolution while the concerned parties are required to abstain from voting on such resolutions.
Now, Sebi has exempted government entities from both these requirements. According to experts, the relaxation would allow public sector enterprises to transact matters, such as subsidy payments, without needing to get prior shareholders' approval through special resolutions.
At least 75 per cent of the total shareholders should vote in favour to get special resolutions passed. Meanwhile, Sebi has also exempted "transactions entered into between a holding company and its wholly owned subsidiary whose accounts are consolidated with such holding company and placed before the shareholders at the general meeting for approval" from the special resolution approval requirement.
RELATED NEWS

Bollywood box office collections: Rs 100 cr club lessons from Salman Khan s  Kick   Ajay Devgn s  Singham   moreBrandWagon
Bollywood box office collections: Rs 100 cr club lessons from Salman Khan's 'Kick', Ajay Devgn's 'Singham', more
| Updated:  Sep 16 2014, 21:48  IST
Sep 16 2014, 21:48  IST
 

BSE creates history by closing 46.5 crore orders intra-daySep 16, 2014, 09.32 PM IST  | Source: PTI
BSE creates history by closing 46.5 crore orders intra-day
The BSE has registered a total of 46,48,46,957 orders today, an exchange statement said. The orders include 37.13 crore equity orders, 8.97 crore equity derivatives orders and 37.44 lakh currency and interest rate orders.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
BSE creates history by closing 46.5 crore orders intra-day
The BSE has registered a total of 46,48,46,957 orders today, an exchange statement said. The orders include 37.13 crore equity orders, 8.97 crore equity derivatives orders and 37.44 lakh currency and interest rate orders.
Post your opinion here
 
Asia's first stock exchange BSE Ltd (formerly Bombay Stock Exchange) today created history by closing 46.5 crore orders, highest number ever of order received in a day.
The BSE has registered a total of 46,48,46,957 orders today, an exchange statement said. The orders include 37.13 crore equity orders, 8.97 crore equity derivatives orders and 37.44 lakh currency and interest rate orders.
The market capitalisation of BSE listed company stood at Rs 93,80,648 crore with 3,120 scrips traded on the exchange today.
Earlier this year in April 2014, BSE launched its equity trading platform software 'BOLT Plus'. The BSEtrading system (Bolt Plus) is based on T7, the global trading architecture of Deutsche Bourse AG.
One of the key features of the system is its response time of approximately 200 micro seconds, making it the fastest trading platform in the country. BSE's new technology, which is open source and low cost can handle 5 lakh orders per second.
BSE in its endeavour to bring transparency and accuracy to the market has taken several initiatives and has been increasing its market share both in cash and derivatives segment. It has also gained leadership in many other products like BSE SME platform, BSE Star MF, etc, the release said.
RELATED NEWS

Scots snap up gold ahead of referendumScots snap up gold ahead of referendum
By Alanna Petroff   @AlannaPetroff September 16, 2014: 12:36 PM ET
 
Scotch makers don't like independence
LONDON (CNNMoney)
Concerns about possible independence are pushing Scottish investors to the security of gold.
Data from the gold trading firm BullionVault shows orders for gold have spiked this month. Nearly 40% more Scottish residents have bought gold since the start of September compared to the same period last year.
"We think it's demonstrably linked to anxieties about what may happen ... if Scotland votes for independence," said Adrian Ash, head of research at BullionVault.
Polls are showing voters are split roughly 50-50, and there's plenty of uncertainty about what would happen if the vote leads to independence.
Related: Scotland's banks threaten to leave
Experts forecast that if Scottish voters opt to leave the United Kingdom and form an independent nation, there would be major short-term disruptions to the U.K. and Scottish economies as politicians hash-out a deal on separation.
Even though the referendum is just hours away, there's still no agreement on what currency Scotland may use if it breaks away -- giving investors extra reason to move out of cash and into gold as the value of the pound has taken a hit.
Related: 5 reasons to worry about the Scottish vote
Meanwhile, some investors are opting to move their money out of Scotland altogether as rumors spread that a newly independent Scottish government could try to control asset flows.
Haig Bathgate, the chief investment officer at the Edinburgh-based law and asset management firm, Turcan Connell, said his clients are increasingly calling in to discuss moving their money out of Scottish accounts.
"As you might expect, some clients are getting slightly apprehensive," he said, noting that his firm has moved assets out of Scotland for a variety of customers.
However, Bathgate said capital control concerns are unfounded since Scotland will not become independent immediately following the referendum.
If voters opt to leave the United Kingdom, the split will not be official until March 2016. Until then, Scotland will still be part of the union and operating under its rules.
 
The cost of Scottish independence
First Published: September 16, 2014: 12:36 PM ET
Most Popular

Bypoll results not a referendem on Centre: BJPE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Sebi saves ONGC subsidy from minority investors  ireSebi saves ONGC subsidy from minority investors' ire
N Sundaresha Subramanian | New Delhi Sep 16, 2014 10:46 PM IST
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) has saved the government from a certain defeat it would have faced at the hands of minority investors of Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC) in the matter of subsidy payout to downstream marketing companies.
Every year, the explorer along with GAIL, transfers a significant portion of its cash reserves to Indian Oil Corporation, Bharat Petroleum and Hindustan Petroleum to offset their losses from retail selling of diesel, kerosene and cooking gas.
At Rs 56,384 crore, ONGC's subsidy bill for FY13-14 was 2.5 times its net profit, over half its revenue and 43 per cent of its net worth of Rs 1.24 lakh crore. Although falling crude oil prices have narrowed the differentials this year, the payout is still likely to be significant.
According to the original norms proposed by the regulator in April, ONGC's annual subsidy payout would have qualified as a material "related party transaction" (RPT) and, therefore, would have required a majority of minority vote to pass muster.
But, in a specific amendment announced on Monday, Sebi exempted government companies from application of sub-clauses VII(D) and (E) of clause 49.
"Provided that sub-clause 49 (VII)(D) and (E) shall not be applicable in the following cases: (i) transactions entered into between two government companies;…" the circular said.
Sub-clause VII(D) required that all related party transactions should have prior approval of audit committee. Sub-clause VII(E) said, "All material related party transactions shall require approval of the shareholders through special resolution and the related parties shall abstain from voting on such resolutions."
For private sector firms, there is no such relief though. Through an explanation, Sebi made the rule tougher than companies Act for private firms. In a July, the ministry of corporate affairs had clarified that only the particular entity which is party to the transaction should abstain from voting on that transaction. But, an explanation inserted on Monday, Sebi said, "For the purpose of clause 49(VII), all entities falling under the definition of related parties shall abstain from voting irrespective of whether the entity is a party to the particular transaction or not."
Let us apply this to the shareholders of ONGC. Under the original clause 49 announced in April, the Union government, which has 69 per cent stake in ONGC, would have had to sit out if the subsidy payout went to vote. Of the remaining 31 per cent, Indian Oil Corporation, one of the sister concerns receiving the subsidy, owned 7.69 per cent. Life Insurance Corporation (7.79 per cent) and GAIL (2.4 per cent) would also be disqualified, as these are under the control of the government.
That would have left the decision with the minority non-government investors, who held about 13 per cent. Some 610 foreign institutional investors which hold 6.92 per cent would have had a 53 per cent vote share and a veto on the subsidy resolution. With Monday's Sebi move, this has been averted.
As early as in March 2009, US investment bank Goldman Sachs said it had "serious" concerns about ONGC's corporate governance standards after these cash withdrawals spurred repeated objections from investors and independent directors. "Issues with corporate governance at ONGC are among the more serious for companies in our coverage universe," the bank had said.
ONGC shareholding (as of June 2014)
Vote share (%)

Scotland can prosper  Yes or NoStop the scaremongering – Scotland can prosper, Yes or No
By John Kay
©Getty
Last week, financial markets began to take seriously the possibility that Scotland might vote Yes to independence. A constitutional change would raise the possibility of three types of market risk: currency risk, government credit risk and the credit risk associated with financial institutions.
The position on currency is today a stand-off. The Scottish government has said it will negotiate a currency union and the Westminster government has said it will not enter such negotiation. But Edinburgh cannot unilaterally establish a currency union and the Westminster government cannot unilaterally determine Scotland’s currency. Plainly there must be agreement. However, might this agreement leave people who had made deposits or loans in sterling at risk of being repaid in Scots bawbees of doubtful value?
More
Mob justice is a dangerous trend
As the eurozone discovered, establishing a currency union is easy, operating one is hard and unwinding one is hard. You can pass legislation saying all contracts made in drachmas are now payable in euros; but legislation saying contracts made in euros are now payable in drachmas is another matter. To which contracts does the latter apply? However the question is resolved, the answer will hurt many businesses and individuals, and occupy the courts.
But there is a simple answer in the Scottish case, which is that whatever happens after a new currency is adopted, existing contracts in sterling remain in sterling. This means there is no currency risk ahead of a change. The same answer is not possible for Greece because the point of a Grexit would be to enable the country to default on its debts and effect a large devaluation, a course unnecessary and unwise for Scotland.
British government stocks tumbled last week when opinion polls showed the campaigns neck and neck – perhaps because markets did not know what to make of the news, perhaps because of the Scottish government’s threat to renege on its share of UK debt. But, even if the Scots did so, this would add less than 10 per cent to the debt servicing cost of the rest of the UK – which, at about 2.5 per cent of gross domestic product, is hardly unaffordable.
There is little justification for believing a Scottish exit, on whatever terms, should affect the credit rating of the remaining UK: what repudiation would do to Scotland’s credit rating is a different matter. It is one thing to start life as a new country debt free, another to do so because you have just reneged on a pro rata share of UK debt of £100bn.
The third risk associated with independence is a change in the credit risk attached to financial institutions. Banks and other companies can operate in the EU through branches of their home business, or by establishing local subsidiaries in other member states. Sweden’s Handelsbanken uses branches; the Spanish Santander takes deposits in Scotland into its English subsidiary. If a bank fails, the saver has a claim on the appropriate deposit protection scheme – that of the country in which the regulated entity is located. As in Santander’s case, that might be neither the country where you made the deposit nor the one where the bank’s head office is located.
More video
The “lender of last resort” facility provides liquidity support if there is a run on a bank. Last week’s interrogation of Mark Carney , governor of the Bank of England, at Westminster’s Treasury select committee confused that issue with a quite separate one: the reserves needed to sustain a currency peg; and the resources needed to provide liquidity support to the banking system. The scale of modern speculative capital flows is such that there is probably no currency reserve large enough to sustain the price of a clearly overvalued currency. Meanwhile, the availability of liquidity support to solvent institutions depends not on the reserves available but on the credit rating of the provider of such support – whether another bank, a government or a central bank.
In depth

Europe must keep populist right at bayEuropean democracy must keep rightwing populism at bay
By Tony Barber
Amid disillusion with establishment parties, the radical right cannot be ignored, says Tony Barber
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/16aed0d2-3ce8-11e4-9733-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

IIT-B is highest-ranked Indian varsity globallyComments
No Indian university features among the top 200 institutions across the world, according to the latest world rankings released on Tuesday.
The QS World University Ranking 2014, for the third consecutive year, is led by MIT. At number two is the University of Cambridge, followed by Imperial College, London, Harvard University and University of Oxford.
 The Bombay and Delhi IITs have virtually swapped places in the ranking, but are still well ahead of the rest.  The number of Indian institutions in the ranking has grown from 11 to 12, with Banaras Hindu University joining the group below 700th place.
None of the Indian institutions are in the top 300, in terms of citations — a measure to check the quality of research papers published. Five of the top six institutions from India have a lower score than last year.
The weakest elements for India are the proportion of international staff and students. Universities in the top 200 in the world attract large numbers of international students, who normally pay higher fees than domestic students, while their international staff boost their citations and raise their profile overseas.
Karthick Sridhar, vice-chairman, Indian Centre for Assessment and Accreditation said, “With increasing globalisation of higher education, Indian universities need to compete to attract the best students, as well as best qualified faculty from across the world.”
Ben Sowter, who is responsible for the rankings as the head of the QS Intelligence Unit, said, “Indian universities are engaging with the rankings more than ever before and this should bear fruit in the medium term.”

On eve of Xi visit  India-Vietnam deal on Chinas mindGrand welcome for Chinese president Xi in Modi's Ahmedabad, 3 MoUs signed
“We have noted President’s (Pranab Mukherjee’s) visit to Vietnam. I would like to point out that China has indisputable sovereignty over Nansha islands (in the South China Sea, which Vietnam calls Paracel islands) and adjacent waters,” Hong Lei, foreign ministry spokesperson said on Tuesday.
“We hold no objection to legitimate and lawful agreement between Vietnam and a third country. But one thing is to be clear. If such agreement involves waters administered by China or if such cooperation project is not approved by the Chinese government, then we will be concerned,” Hong said.
During Mukherjee’s visit to Hanoi, India and Vietnam signed seven pacts including a letter of intent (LoI) between ONGC Videsh Limited (OVL) and Vietnam Oil and Gas Group (PetroVietnam).
Read: India says boundary issue will be discussed during Xi's visit
The LoI is aimed at further consolidating cooperation between India and Vietnam in energy sector.
Hong clarified to Indian media later that this is China’s stand about oil exploration agreements between Vietnam and any third country.
On recent reports of Chinese incursions into Indian territory, Hong said China’s position was consistent, meaning that Chinese have patrolled or worked on their side of the perceived Line of Actual Control and have never crossed over.

Teacher recruitment at 6 AIIMS under cloud  probe finds big lapsesA central inquiry committee has found major lapses in the recruitment of teachers for the six new AIIMS set up in different parts of the country, holding the director of AIIMS Patna and a private firm responsible for the mess.
 
The health ministry panel discovered that a private firm was selected without open tendering and provided software that could be easily manipulated to favour candidates applying for teaching positions. The probe also revealed that at AIIMS Patna alone, 18 of the 69 people hired as faculty either had the wrong degree or lacked experience.
HT has accessed a copy of the report, which prompted the CBI last week to take up the case for further investigation. It also has copies of draft audit reports that highlight major financial irregularities in several of the six new institutes.
The committee – headed by Vikas Arya, a director in the health ministry -- was set up on May 15 by then health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad to inquire into the role of AIIMS Patna, responsible for recruiting the faculty for all six institutes.
The investigation said AIIMS Patna director Dr G K Singh was responsible for the recruitment mess and found “no tender process was done to hire a software/IT consulting firm” by him. When quizzed, “he gave completely misleading information”, the report added.
The firm – Netcellence Technologies & Sciences Pvt Ltd – was awarded the contract to process the 6,500 online applications for faculty positions at the six new AIIMS in Patna, Bhubaneshwar, Bhopal, Raipur, Rishikesh and Jodhpur.
“It is surprising that a work of this magnitude was awarded on the basis of quotation where even basic credentials of participating firms were not checked” said the inquiry report.
Investigations also found the software used for shortlisting candidates “could be easily manipulated to generate names to specific lists”.
Netcellence operates out of a tiny office at the Science & Technology Entrepreneurs Park (STEP) block of the JSS Academy of Technical Education in Noida. Its CEO Shishir Jain told HT that he won the project “on merit after a transparent and fair procedure and not due to favours by any government officer”.
The committee, however, suspected that the other three companies that bid for the contract were fronts for Netcellence. One of them, Career Age.Com, operates out of Jain’s residence, HT found.
“This is the office of Career Age.com. Shishir Jain was a member of this company earlier but isn’t running it. I run this company now,” said a lady, refusing to identify herself.
The probe also found some of the teachers recruited at AIIMS Patna got their PhD degrees much after being cleared by high-powered selection committees. For instance, a professor with a PhD degree in zoology was inducted into the department of anatomy and laboratory medicine. “If this is the case in just one institute, we are sure inquiries into others will show up many more,” a senior health ministry official told HT.
The health ministry has already issued a confidential memorandum against Singh, leveling twelve specific charges for various administrative and financial lapses.
Singh, however, is defiant. “All recruitments followed criteria laid down in the official advertisement approved by the health ministry. I was the nodal officer but all recruitments were conducted by high-powered selection committees and approved by the ministry. The problems highlighted in Patna will also apply to the other five institutes,” he said.

"Rules of the game was a tongue in cheek title": Dr Sumit Chowdhury"Rules of the game was a tongue in cheek title": Dr Sumit Chowdhury
Awkward: Sears borrows from its CEOAwkward: Sears borrows $400M from its CEO
By Matt Egan   @mattmegan5 September 16, 2014: 4:29 PM ET
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Talk about awkward. Sears secured a $400 million loan this week from a hedge fund whose sole shareholder is the struggling retailer's chairman, CEO and leading investor.
The unusual agreement -- and what it signals about the overall health of Sears ( SHLD ) -- spooked Wall Street. Shares of the retailer plunged another 9% on Tuesday to the lowest level sine February.
"It's shady because there is clearly a conflict of interest here," said Brian Sozzi, who closely tracks the retail industry as CEO of Belus Capital Advisors.
Devil's in the details: Sears, which lost $1 billion during the first half of the year, revealed the loan in a vaguely-worded regulatory filing late Monday.
Related: Sears more 'irrelevant by the day'
The company said the the short-term loan is being provided by entities tied to ESL Investments, whose sole stockholder and CEO is Sears head Eddie Lampert.
ESL Investments controls 24.8% of Sears's outstanding shares, making it the No. 1 stockholder. Lampert himself is listed as owning 23.7% of the company's outstanding stock.
Related: America's largest pension fund dumps hedge funds
The filing said the loan, which carries an annual base interest of 5% plus upfront fees of 1.75%, is being secured by 25 unspecified properties. Presumably that means some of the company's hundreds of Sears and Kmart stores.
Collateral damage: The fact that Sears didn't disclose which properties are being used as collateral is raising eyebrows. The loan even gives the lender (Lampert) the opportunity to swap out certain stores with other ones.
Related: Half the Nasdaq stuck in a bear market
As pointed out by Yahoo Finance , the $400 million loan values each store at just $16 million. That's a steep discount to the $20 million to $50 million Sears has typically been selling its stores for to other retailers and investors. It also seems cheap given the $5 billion of real-estate assets listed on the Sears balance sheet.
"We don't even know all the deal terms. Are shareholders getting a raw deal here? Did Lampert undervalue the stores?" said Sozzi.
For its part, Sears said in a statement to CNNMoney that the deal does not create a conflict of interest and is in the "best interest of the company."
Even if the deal terms are fair for Sears shareholders, the fact the loan is needed doesn't bode well for the company's sales metrics, especially as it heads into the critical holiday period.
Related: The best Chinese stock NOT named Alibaba
Last month, Sears revealed its ninth straight quarterly loss amid deep discounting. The company was forced to raise $500 million earlier this year by spinning off Lands' End ( LE ).
"The loan tells you the company is having another challenging start to the third quarter. They are going to enter the holiday season with zero momentum," said Sozzi.
Sears said the loan "allows us additional financial flexibility, particularly as we enter the holiday season." The company said it wants to be "proactive" in showing vendors and others it will "continue to generate liquidity needed to invest in our business and meet all of our financial obligations."
Cash concerns persist: Despite the cash infusion, Sozzi said he still believes Sears is barreling towards some sort of wind down by 2017 due to a cash crunch.
He's not the only one worried about a possible restructuring. Last week, Fitch Ratings slashed its credit rating on Sears further into junk territory due to cash-burn concerns.
The ratings company cited the deep plunge in profitability and "lack of visibility to turn operations around."
Many shareholders blame Lampert for the company's struggles.
"He will go down as the man who ruined a national icon in Sears," he said.
First Published: September 16, 2014: 3:48 PM ET
Most Popular

Metromorphosis: Ahmedabad metro gets Japanese help to zip aheadE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Assembly bypolls: Projecting Yogi Adityanath proved counter-productive for BJPprint
Tuesday’s by-poll results have thrown up more questions than answers.
While many were quick to debunk Narendra Modi government’s achhe din claims, there was no easy answer to the ineluctable follow-up question: was the SP’s success a verdict on Akhilesh Yadav government’s performance? Not many would vouch for it though.
Similarly, there was no easy explanation for the ruling BJP’s dismal show in Rajasthan just over 100 days after it swept the Lok Sabha polls.
And that, too, when a pro-active Vasundhara  Raje government, embarking on a spate of economic and labour reforms,  looked well-ensconced as against the demoralised, faction-ridden Congress.
Read: Assembly bypolls: BJP jolted in all, except Bengal
Coming as they did after the BJP’s reverses in assembly by-polls in Uttarakhand in July and in Bihar last month, the latest by-poll results have rather come as a repudiation of BJP patriarch LK Advani’s and RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat’s not-so-veiled assertions denying Modi credit for the party’s unprecedented success in the Lok Sabha polls.
As was evident from the results last May, the OBCs and Dalits had broken ranks with their political patrons -- be it the SP, the BSP, the RJD or the JD(U) -- to vote for the BJP.
The results indicated that this shift in their loyalty was swung by Modi in the limited context of his prime ministerial bid and was not a permanent one towards the BJP.
The BJP may now be compelled to re-visit its strategy in the Hindi heartland. Projecting aggressive Hindutva ideologues like Yogi Adityanath in the forefront and stoking political embers over the alleged ‘love jehad’ has proved to be counter-productive.
Having installed an OBC prime minister, the OBCs now seem to be looking back at their local patrons, be it the RJD in Bihar or the SP in UP.  The BSP’s decision not to contest and rather back Independents also did not bring much dividend to the BJP.
A Bihar-like anti-BJP coalition, though not supported by the BSP for now, could put paid to the BJP’s hopes of replicating Lok Sabha results in 2017 assembly elections in UP.
In Gujarat also, the fact that the Congress managed to wrest 3 out of 9 assembly seats is set to raise questions about Modi’s successor Anandiben Patel’s acumen to carry his baton.
Reverses in these states may have spoilt the party for the BJP in West Bengal where the lotus “blossomed” vindicating Amit Shah’s focus on the state.
There was jubilation in the Congress camp on Tuesday over its performance in Gujarat and Rajasthan.  After the rout in Lok Sabha elections, the party has been in disarray anticipating another drubbing in Maharashtra and Haryana assembly elections.
These by-polls may have brought a glimmer of hope to the grand old party, which seemed to be suffering from policy paralysis with party leadership unable to chart out any future course of action. Only time will tell whether these results would change the leadership’s outlook.
Already, there were whispers about how the Nehru-Gandhi family was not much involved in these by-polls.

Aiyar: Kelkar panel has more to offer than g...You are here: Home > Collections
A Kelkar Committee model could be the best option for oil and gas pricing
Swaminathan S Anklesaria Aiyar, ET Bureau Sep 17, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Kelkar Committee model
(Contracts are won by bidders…)
Media analyses of the Kelkar Committee on reducing import dependency in oil and gas have focused on the committee's suggestions on gas pricing. But it has also proposed new models for exploration and production contracts to reduce disputes and corruption, while improving bidders' interest in new exploration blocks.
For decades, India has signed production-sharing contracts (PSCs), which are common globally. If successful bidders find any oil or gas, they first get enough 'cost oil' to recover their costs, then they get 'profit oil' that is a multiple of costs, and then 'residual oil'.
Contracts are won by bidders offering the government the highest shares in these three phases: cost oil, profit oil and residual oil.
Waiting for Windfall
But controversies over Reliance's Krishna-Godavari (KG) field have led to accusations that PSCs have been manipulated to artificially inflate costs, increasing the operator's share of cost oil and profit oil.
Critics pooh-pooh Reliance's claim that technical problems have caused a catastrophic fall in gas production from the KG basin, alleging that the company is simply slashing production at today's low process in order to jack up production once the government decrees an overdue price increase.
Reliance has also submitted plans to invest billions to raise production again. Critics suspect this is another way of inflating costs and, thus, Reliance's share of gas. The petroleum ministry has been paralysed by the swirl of accusations.
Meanwhile, foreigners have lost interest in bidding for Indian fields — the political risks and uncertainties are unacceptable.
Simple vs Complex Model
The Narendra Modi government has invited public comments on a new model contract. This is quite complex, based on revenue-sharing linked to production. Companies will have to specify the amounts to be shared with the government at different stages and different prices, with different rules for different drilling conditions.
This is a complex variation of the revenue-sharing model proposed by the Rangarajan Committee. That provided bidding for a flat share of production, without getting into calculations about true costs and true multiples for calculating profit oil. This aimed to eliminate complex calculations and disputes.
However, very few countries go for flat revenue-sharing contracts, because if fields turn out to be smaller than expected, or costs higher than expected, production will become uneconomic. Flat revenue-sharing contracts might attract decent bids in blocks with excellent geological prospects (as in Saudi Arabia), but Indian geological conditions are poor by global standards.
The one field that promised a lot, the KG basin, has proved a disappointment. So, revenue-sharing contracts may discourage all but very low-share bids. These may provoke accusations that fields have been given away too cheaply, so an approach aimed at ending controversies could create fresh ones. The Kelkar Committee proposes two alternatives.
The first model just tweaks the existing PSC. In this model the managing committee and directorate general of hydrocarbons focus only on standards and best practices, without assessing costs. Oversight will be left to the tax authorities, who already oversee other forms of government share such as royalties and taxes.
Kelkar's second model is a supernormal tax model. This gives the government no share of oil or gas at all. Instead, the government gets just royalties and taxes when profits are limited. When profitability crosses a certain threshold, a supernormal tax kicks in, providing a much higher government take.
Supernormally Simple
This model eliminates the need for detailed calculations and disputes on true costs and profit oil shares. It is by far the simplest and cleanest model. The committee says the threshold for levying a supernormal tax could be two to three times the yield on 10-year gilts.
The threshold rate could also be a biddable item, with the highest bidder winning. I favour simplicity and speed. The government's new proposal looks a bit complex, inviting disputes and litigation. Kelkar's first model will not do either: it is too close to the existing one.
 
The Rangarajan model of revenue-sharing is better, but could inhibit bids for areas with small fields. Kelkar's supernormal profits model looks best. It promises to be simple, fast and dispute-free. It will encourage bids for blocks with modest prospects, combined with a big government share if an unexpected bonanza turns up.
Some politicians will feel comfortable only if they have a physical share of oil or gas, to be allotted according to political priorities. Very well, let's modify the supernormal tax model to mandate a flat 10 per cent government share of all oil and gas found. That will not inhibit bids for small fields, and still remain simple and dispute free.
The Kelkar Committee strongly opposes retrospective changes after a contract has been signed. It also wants contracts to be extended to the full lifetime of fields where hydrocarbons are found. This will incentivise explorers to follow judicious techniques that maximise total oil recovery.
Limited contract timelines (as proposed by the government) will encourage flogging a field for quick gains, even if this seriously damages total recovery. Contracts should stand automatically cancelled if there is no production for five years.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rajan may be right about West-induced  crash  |  Be wary of foreign  debt  trapWhy RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan may be right about a ‘crash’
Sep 17, 2014, 08.37AM IST
Tags:
(Given the Fed’s policy…)
By Soumya Kanti Ghosh
In a series of recent interviews, Reserve Bank of India governor Raghuram Rajan warned of a 'crash' should there be sudden reversal in risk perception already distorted by unconventional monetary policies in the West. The rational response to the exuberance in the prices of financial assets is that they have always been irrational. And Rajan may be right this time!
Global economic outlook is grounded in optimism despite data showing the contrary. Interestingly, the word 'geopolitical' appeared only once in RBI's June statement; in August it appeared thrice. The US and Japan have contracted and EU is in the midst of a fresh bank bailout. The financial markets around the world, more so in the US and Europe, continue to rise. The Dow has risen more than 50% since 2008 and during this hiatus, the US Q2GDP (and also in Q1) expanded by more than 4%. What could possibly explain this disconnect between the stellar performance of financial markets in the backdrop of continued modest real growth?
A peep into history shows some structural transformations have occurred in the financial sector of advanced economies. If the balance sheet (BS) size of banks is taken as proxy, then the size has grown dramatically in relation to underlying economic activity over the past century. For example, for the US, there has been a secular rise in banks' assets from around 60% of GDP in 1950 to over 100% by 2008.
For the UK, from about 50% of GDP in the early 1970s, banks' assets in relation to national income have risen 10-fold to over 500% of GDP. The return on equity of financial sector companies has outpaced those in non-financial sector by a factor of two. Recently, a body of new empirical literature pointed out that disproportionately higher growth in the financial sector reduces real growth, dampening long-run productivity in the process. In other words, financial boom is not growth enhancing as it distorts the allocative efficiency of the economy.
The financial sector, in the run-up to 2008, had grown on high leverage both on and off balance sheet, and expanding exposure to trading assets vis-a-vis the traditional assets. Leverage continues to be a serious cause of concern across regulators even today. The Basel III accord has promptly checked this by incorporating the leverage ratio and has subsequently followed this up with a resolution regime mechanism to ensure orderly winding-up of entities that fail.
High debt is not just a problem of the financial sector but also a problem of the government and household sector in the US and Europe. A Bank of International Settlement study of 2011 examining linkages between debt and economic activity in 18 industrial countries found that high debt is bad for growth. Hence, unless the economic system as a whole delivers, the growth prospects of the global economy projected at 3% and more by IMF can itself falter.
  While high debt continues to plague the major economies, the initial response to the situation in 2008 was a massive injection of liquidity, reducing interest rates close to zero bound and in some cases altering the slope of the yield curve. The measures may have restored peace in financial markets, but with the benefit of hindsight, one must look into the possible externalities such measures have created.
Artificially lower interest rates have distorted investment decisions and made risk pricing arbitrary. At lower rates, an otherwise unviable project must have been judged viable. As central bank tries to exit exceptional measures, the ensuing rise in long yield can make those very viable projects unviable.
In 2012, the Treasury Committee at House of Commons asked the Bank of England (BOE) to highlight the redistributive impact of monetary policy, and explain the costs and benefits of their policy actions to groups that are perceived to have been particularly badly impacted. In response to this question, BOE admitted that exceptional measures had redistributive costs and there were clear winners and losers.
Households in the upper quantiles have benefited from the appreciation in asset prices following the unconventional response. Pension fund and insurance companies have been squeezed by ultra-low interest rates particularly where benefits have an embedded guarantee. The interaction of these unintended consequences with secular rise in dependency ratio over the next decade may aggravate the hardship.
Back home, the million-dollar question is: when will the RBI cut rate? If we leave aside inflation, purely on the basis of an uncertain risk appetite and the US monetary policy will warrant no change in policy rates. In fact, with Fed giving out hints that "increases in the federal funds rate target could come sooner than the Committee currently expects and could be more rapid thereafter", the situation looks more challenging.
After all, going by historical trends, if Fed raises policy rates without a concomitant raise in repo rate, there is indeed clear evidence of capital outflows! Add to this a new round of geopolitical risks, with Scotland going for referendum on September 18, the RBI's tone going forward may continue to be hawkish even if retail inflation cools off.
(The writer is Chief Economic Advisor, State Bank of India. Saket Hishikar, economist, SBI, co-authored this article. Views are personal)
FEATURED ARTICLES

SBI lowers long-term deposit rates by 25 bps to 8.75%You are here: Home > Collections
SBI lowers long-term deposit rates to 8.75%
ET Bureau Sep 17, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
long-term deposit rates
(The country’s largest…)
Mumbai: State Bank of India (SBI) has reduced interest rates on long-term deposits of one to three years by 25 basis points to 8.75 per cent with effect from September 18, mainly due to poor demand growth for loans.
The country's largest bank, at the same time, increased interest rates on short-term deposits of 180 to 210 days to 7.25 per cent from 7 per cent.
Praveen Gupta, deputy MD and chief financial officer at SBI, said improved liquidity in the interbank money market and softening of inflation numbers, too, influenced the bank's decision to cut longterm deposit rates.
"Credit growth is not picking up, but at the same time inflow of deposits continues to improve. Liquidity in the money market has also improved," he told ET. "The inflation numbers too have come down, which shows that interest rates will soften."
So, why increase short-term rates? Gupta said this was to keep the rates aligned with what is offered by other players. In July, SBI reduced interest rates on the short-term deposits by almost 50 basis points to 7 per cent.
Data released by the government on Monday showed that wholesale inflation — a proxy for producer prices in India — eased to a 5-year low of 3.74 per cent in August.
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan, however, on Monday hinted that he will keep interest rates unchanged in the monetary policy review on September 30.
"Inflation is coming down. This is consistent with our forecast. Macro indicators are improving, but still have some way to go before we can declare that we are out of the woods," he had said. Some SBI officials indicated that while its deposit growth has been in line with the banking sector, growth in its advances portfolio is lower than the industry average.
According to data released by RBI, incremental deposits for all commercial banks rose 4.5 per cent this fiscal till August 22, while advances rose 2.1 per cent. On a year on year basis, deposits increased 13.6 per cent and advances 10.9 per cent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Asia Shares Edge Up as Investors Second-guess FedSensex, Nifty Hit Record; Banks Surge on Kotak-ING Deal
Sydney: Asian shares crept cautiously higher on Wednesday after Wall Street rebounded on speculation the Federal Reserve would maintain a pledge on low rates when a two-day policy meeting ends later in the session.
The Dow hit a fresh record while the US dollar took a knock after the Wall Street Journal's Fed watcher Jon Hilsenrath said the central bank would keep the words "considerable time" in its policy statement, though it might qualify them.
The phrase has become a touchstone in markets for when the Fed might start raising interest rates and dropping it would be taken as a hawkish step.
Dealers said commodities were also boosted by a report from Sina.com that China's central bank was pumping more liquidity into the country's five largest banks.
The report cited a banking analyst saying the People's Bank of China would provide 100 billion yuan to each bank for a three month period.
There was no confirmation on the story and Sina.com is a private portal not known for breaking market-moving news. Still, it fuelled market hopes Beijing was ready to add more stimulus given recent weakness in housing, imports and industrial output.
Traders were now waiting to see if Chinese shares would rally after a sharp fall on Tuesday.
Elsewhere in the region, Tokyo's Topix added 0.2 per cent, while the Nikkei put on 0.3 per cent.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan rose 0.37 per cent after a run of losses.
Wall Street had ended strongly in the wake of the Fed talk, with the Dow gaining 0.59 per cent, the S&P 500 0.75 per cent and the Nasdaq 0.75 per cent.
Bond investors were more guarded and yields on two-year Treasury debt dipped a slim 2 basis points to 0.54 per cent. The benchmark 10-year Treasury note was little moved at 2.594 per cent.
Currencies were ruffled with the US dollar losing a little of its recent gains. The dollar index eased back to 84.102, from a 84.372 top on Tuesday.
The dollar faded to 107.14 yen from 107.34, while the euro inched up to $1.2955 from a trough of $1.2921.
Sterling continued to be shoved around as opinion polls showed the vote on Scottish independence was too close to call.
Three surveys - from pollsters ICM, Opinium and Survation - showed support for Scottish independence at 48 per cent compared to 52 per cent backing union.
The pound flew from $1.6163 to $1.6306, before steadying at $1.6261 in Asia.
In commodities, copper futures jumped 0.9 per cent aided by the report on Chinese banks and the slight dip in the dollar. Spot gold was a shade firmer at $1,234.81 an ounce.
Oil prices eased a touch after bouncing on Tuesday as speculation grew of a supply cut from OPEC.
Early Wednesday, Brent crude was off 18 cents at$98.87 per barrel, while US crude futures fell 24 cents to $94.64 per barrel.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Don t take a lower CAD for granted: RBI | 10 fatal foreign M&AsYou are here: Home > Collections
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan warns against lowering guard on foreign capital flow
ET Bureau Sep 17, 2014, 07.14AM IST
Tags:
foreign capital flow
(RBI had in July raised foreign…)
MUMBAI: Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan has said the country must limit its reliance on foreign debt because it cannot be taken for granted.
"We managed to bring down the current account deficit substantially, we are limiting our reliance on foreign debt. It is important we keep it this way and manage the economy in way that is careful and that is circumspect," Rajan said here on Tuesday.
"At some point, these (foreign) investors will find greater usage of their money back home and they want to go out once again," he said at the 55th foundation day celebrations of Somaiya College in Mumbai. "That's when you have financial difficulty once the money flows out."
India's current account deficit, or excess of imports over exports, narrowed to 1.7 per cent of GDP in FY14 from an all-time high of 4.8 per cent of GDP in the previous fiscal largely on account of overseas flows.
RBI had in July raised foreign institutional investors' debt limit by $5 billion to $25 billion after the investments started nearing the $20 billion threshold.
According to reports, the additional headroom is almost exhausted and FIIs' debt investments in the country are nearing $25 billion, leading to expectations that there might be an increase in the cap again.
Rajan underscored the need to be very careful about spending because financial conditions will change. The money or the capital flows that India has received is largely out of the stimulus offered by some developed countries such as the US in their economies.
If this money is spent mindlessly, then there is a risk of running large deficits based on this foreign 'borrowing'. "This is why numbers like current account deficit are worth watching closely," Rajan said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

 Wall St Ends Higher as Investors Await News from FedYou are here: Home Market
Wall Street Ends Higher as Investors Await News from Fed
Associated Press | Updated On: September 17, 2014 07:35 (IST)
Sensex, Nifty Hit Record; Banks Surge on Kotak-ING Deal
New York: The US stock markets rose Tuesday as investors waited to find out when the Federal Reserve might raise interest rates.
Stocks flitted between gains and losses through most of morning, then turned broadly higher in the afternoon on an increase in health care and utility stocks.
"The economy continues to improve in the U.S., and there's still an accommodative Fed," said Brad Sorensen, director of market and sector research at the Schwab Center for Financial Research. "We think the bull market has further to run."
The Fed has held a key short-term interest rate close to zero for more than five years, making it cheaper for companies and consumers to borrow and boosting corporate profits. That has helped push stocks higher. But investors widely expect the Fed to start raising rates in the middle of next year.
Investors may get a better sense of how soon after the central bank concludes a two-day meeting Wednesday. Fed Chair Janet Yellen could discuss the bank's rate plans, as well as the outlook for employment and inflation, in a press conference in the afternoon.
Jonathan D. Corpina, senior managing partner at Meridian Equity Partners, said there was talk among traders during the day about what the Fed might do, but little new insight.
"There' a lot of chatter, but nothing that's real," he said from the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
Until the closing minutes, the Dow Jones industrial average looked like it would rise to a record, but prices faltered at the end. Still the blue-chip index ended up gaining 100.83, its first triple-digit close since August 18. The Dow closed at 17,131.97, a gain of 0.6 per cent.
The Nasdaq composite rose 33.86 points, or 0.8 per cent, to 4,552.76. The Standard & Poor's 500 index climbed 14.85 points, or 0.8 per cent, to 1,998.98.
Among the 10 sectors of the S&P 500, health care stocks gained the most, up 1.3 per cent. Utilities and energy stocks followed, with a 1.2 per cent gain each. Energy stocks were pushed higher by rising oil prices. Exxon Mobil increased 1.2 per cent.
In economic news, a measure of prices that US producers receive for their goods and services was unchanged in August, the latest sign that inflation is in check. A drop in wholesale gas and food prices was offset by higher prices for transportation and shipping services, the Labor Department said.
Besides the Fed press conference tomorrow, investors are awaiting a referendum on Scottish independence on Thursday. The British pound has turned volatile in recent weeks as opinion polls narrowed ahead of the vote. A "yes" decision could trigger turmoil in the market as investors ponder the economic and financial fallout.
Story first published on: September 17, 2014 07:34 (IST)

Allahabad Bank seeks Rs 900 crore capital from govtSep 16, 2014, 09.24 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Allahabad Bank seeks Rs 900cr capital from govt
The government has budgeted only Rs 11,200 for capital infusion in public sector banks during this fiscal. Sethi further said the bank has board approval to raise Rs 320 crore from the government and a decision would be taken only if there is higher demand for credit.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Allahabad Bank seeks Rs 900cr capital from govt
The government has budgeted only Rs 11,200 for capital infusion in public sector banks during this fiscal. Sethi further said the bank has board approval to raise Rs 320 crore from the government and a decision would be taken only if there is higher demand for credit.
Post your opinion here
 
State-run  Allahabad Bank said today that it has sought a Rs 900-crore capital infusion from the government during the current financial year. "We have asked for Rs 900 crore from the government. Usually it comes after September," Allahabad Bank's Chairman and Managing Director Rakesh Sethi told reporters on the sidelines of an annual banking event organised by FICCI and IBA today.
The government has budgeted only Rs 11,200 for capital infusion in public sector banks during this fiscal. Sethi further said the bank has board approval to raise Rs 320 crore from the government and a decision would be taken only if there is higher demand for credit.
"We have permission for a Rs 320 crore QIP, but (since) there is no demand for credit now, what do I do with that money," he asked.
When asked whether the bank plans to cut its lending rates, Sethi said that the decision would be taken by the asset liability committee. The largest bank, State Bank of India cut the deposit rate today by 25 basis points to 8.75 per cent in the one to three years category, effective from September 18.
SBI has also increased its deposit rate by 25 basis points in the 180 days to 210 days category.
When asked whether Allahabad Bank plans a festive season offer on loans, Sethi said, "Our base rate is already at 10.25 per cent. So, how much lower can we go".
Allahabad Bank stock price
On November 21, 2014, Allahabad Bank closed at Rs 118.65, up Rs 1.00, or 0.85 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 150.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 72.45.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 13.54 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 8.76. The latest book value of the company is Rs 216.68 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 0.55.
RELATED NEWS

HIL: Fixes record date for interim dividendSep 16, 2014, 10.07 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
HIL: Fixes record date for interim dividend
HIL has informed that the Company has fixed September 26, 2014 as the Record Date for the purpose of payment of interim dividend. The interim dividend will be paid / warrants will be dispatched by September 30, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
HIL: Fixes record date for interim dividend
HIL has informed that the Company has fixed September 26, 2014 as the Record Date for the purpose of payment of interim dividend. The interim dividend will be paid / warrants will be dispatched by September 30, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
HIL Ltd has informed BSE that the Company has fixed September 26, 2014 as the Record Date for the purpose of payment of interim dividend .The interim dividend will be paid / warrants will be dispatched by September 30, 2014.Source : BSE

Today it will touch again 25....for intraday traders 24.55 is the targ...New Member
1 Followers
Although the price is still not decided, as per press release the rights issue is expected to be concluded by November...The stock enters F&O ban today...So it may not witness a huge upside or hit UC as pointed out by some...But with EMCO plant sale announcement and any  ve announcements in AGM tomorrow it will soon  bounce back to 26-28 lvls by the end of this week itself and probably cross 40 levels by end of this year..
8.32 AM Sep 17th

Buy...ramky infra...at cmp....intraday...target...57...59...sl-52.!!!...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Grm is strong buy at this price  people sold because of rights news......New Member
1 Followers
Although the price is still not decided, as per press release the rights issue is expected to be concluded by November...The stock enters F&O ban today...So it may not witness a huge upside or hit UC as pointed out by some...But with EMCO plant sale announcement and any  ve announcements in AGM tomorrow it will soon  bounce back to 26-28 lvls by the end of this week itself and probably cross 40 levels by end of this year..
8.32 AM Sep 17th

Bro  now you have to add some more  and keep adding hoping against hop...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Amelio Childcare  CSC sign dealAmelio Childcare, CSC sign deal
Our Bureau
Tweet
Chennai, September 16:  
Chennai-based Amelio Childcare has signed a five-year deal with Computer Sciences Corporation, a global IT Services company, to set up an onsite childcare facility within the CSC campus at MEPZ in Tambaram. Amelio will offer pre-school, day care and post-school solutions initially to around 35 children, including infants .
The facility will have exclusive infant rooms, well-designed classrooms, CCTV systems, a centre manager room and a kitchenette, says a press release from Amelio.
(This article was published on September 16, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

With SBI cutting deposit rates  will other banks follow suitWith SBI cutting deposit rates, will other banks follow suit?
Radhika Merwin
Easier liquidity and slowing credit growth may see others cut rates too, say bankers
September 16, 2014:  
Deposit rates that have been ruling high for the last year or so, may finally start heading down. Or so it seems after India’s largest bank, State Bank of India, reduced its rates by 25 basis points for deposits in the one-three year category effective September 18. The deposits for this tenure will now fetch 8.75 per cent — most banks on an average offer 9 per cent for similar deposits.
Heading down?
So, with the largest bank cutting its deposit rates, are other banks likely to follow suit? Many bankers feel that an easier liquidity situation coupled with slowing credit growth may see others cut rates too.
On an average, deposit rates have increased by 30 basis points across all tenures in the last one year. The Reserve Bank of India increased the key repo rate by 75 basis points between May 2013 and now. Banks have thus raised both lending as well deposit rates in the last one year.
Deposit rates are a function of a bank’s cost of funds, liquidity situation and lending opportunities. If a bank has ample liquidity it may have enough headroom to bring down the cost of funds by lowering the deposit rates.
Credit growth, too, matters when deciding rates. If a bank has enough lending opportunities to deploy its funds, it may be able to pay better rates for its deposits. On the other hand, in a slowing credit growth scenario, banks would prefer to shed high-cost deposits to keep margins intact.
Credit growth in the banking system has fallen to 10.9 per cent, the lowest in a long time. Over the last two years of prolonged slowdown, credit growth for banks has slipped substantially. In 2012-13 and 2013-14, it dipped to 13-14 per cent, from 17-20 per cent in earlier years.
Hence, for banks, sustaining margins has become an uphill task. For one, they have not been able to pass on rate hikes by the RBI to customers in the form of higher lending rates. The average base rate (to which all lending rates are linked) for banks went up by only five basis points in 2013-14.
However, given the tight liquidity situation last year, banks kept deposit rates high to prevent flight of deposits.
Given that the liquidity situation for banks has improved substantially over the last year and credit growth is still languishing, banks may finally start to cut rates on deposits.
“Liquidity has been reasonably good for our bank for sometime now and corporate credit has not picked up in a big way. There is no point paying for deposits which cannot be deployed in profitable lending activities,” says KR Kamath, Chairman and Managing Director of Punjab National Bank.
Wait and watch
While banks may have enough leeway now to tweak deposit rates, most may wait until the RBI’s policy announcement due this month-end to tweak rates.
“We will hold rates, maybe till the policy, and then take a call. For now, we are doing away with our bulk deposit rates for one year which was marginally (five basis points) higher,” adds Kamath.
But there are others who believe that it may still be early days to expect a widespread rate cut, and that it would depend on individual bank’s asset-liability situation.
“While SBI has cut rates for the one-three year deposits, it has also raised its deposit rate for the 180 days to 210 days’ bucket. The signal is quite mixed and one should not read too much from this action,” says Rupa Rege Nitsure, Chief Economist and General Manager, Bank of Baroda.
“The intent could be to pave the way for concessions on retail loans in the upcoming festive season.
“So far as Bank of Baroda is concerned, we do not have pressure of excess liquidity as we have consciously and in a significant manner reduced our dependence on high cost, preferential rate deposits since the beginning of the current financial year. Hence, we intend to maintain status quo on interest rates.”
(This article was published on September 16, 2014)
Related

Cognizant to buy TriZetto Corp for $2.7 bnNew Delhi, September 15, 2014
Updated: September 15, 2014 19:04 IST
Cognizant to buy TriZetto Corp for $2.7 bn
PTI
merger, acquisition and takeover
Privately-held TriZetto is a provider of healthcare IT software and solutions.
Cognizant on Monday said it will acquire US-based TriZetto Corporation for $2.7 billion in an all cash deal, a move which will help the IT services firm tap the lucrative healthcare IT software and solutions market.
The acquisition will create an entity with more than $3 billion in combined healthcare revenue, serving around 245,000 healthcare providers (hospitals, clinics, etc) and about 350 payers (health insurers).
Privately-held TriZetto is a provider of healthcare IT software and solutions. Founded in 1997, TriZetto has 13 offices in the US and two in India.
Through the deal, the New Jersey-headquartered Cognizant aims to tap the rapidly-changing healthcare marketplace, which is about 17 per cent of the US GDP of over $17 trillion.
Healthcare currently represents around 26 per cent of Cognizant’s revenue. The firm had reported a net profit at $371.9 million in April—June quarter this year on a revenue of $2.16 billion.
In a statement, Cognizant said: “It has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire TriZetto Corporation for $2.7 billion in cash, subject to customary adjustments.”
TriZetto and its 3,700 employees will become a part of Cognizant’s existing healthcare business, which currently serves more than 200 clients, it added.
Commenting on the deal, Cognizant President Gordon Coburn said: “It (acquisition) represents a great opportunity to integrate services across our three horizons—traditional IT services, high—growth businesses like management consulting, business process services and IT infrastructure services and emerging delivery models.”
Cognizant CEO Francisco D’Souza said healthcare is undergoing structural shifts due to reform, cost pressure and shifting responsibilities between payers and providers.
“This creates a significant growth opportunity, which TriZetto will help us capture,” he added.
The transaction is expected to be immediately accretive to Cognizant’s non-GAAP EPS, excluding one-time transaction costs and adjustments, Cognizant CFO Karen McLoughlin said.
“That earnings benefit is expected to increase over time as we realise significant revenue synergy potential from the combination of these businesses,” she added.

Asian Games: The field looks greener than the trackathletics, track and field
Talk to the chief National coach Bahadur Singh or top athletics federation officials and one realises that nobody is talking about gold at the Asian Games these days.
“It’s not a question of gold or silver… one must understand the competition has become very tough in Asia,” said Bahadur. “We may get a total of 10 to 12 medals, it may be gold, may be silver.
“Our chances are very good in throws — men’s shot put, men’s and women’s discus — and in men’s triple jump. On the track, M.R. Poovamma in 400m, Tintu Luka in 800, O.P. Jaisha in 1500 and the relay team look good for medals.”
Bumpy journey
Athletics provided 12 (including five gold) medals at the last Games in China, but the road to Incheon has been bumpy. While lack of funds was dished out as the reason for not sending athletes on exposure trips before the Commonwealth Games, the 45-day break between Glasgow and Incheon meant that there was very little time to plan international meets. And then there was the Federation Cup, the selection trials for the Asiad, to be taken care of.
All the five gold medals that India won at Guangzhou came from the track — Joseph Abraham and Aswini Akkunji (both 400m hurdles), Preeja Sreedharan (10,000m), steeplechaser Sudha Singh and the women’s mile relay team — but this time, the ‘field’ appears greener, the chances in the throws and the triple jump brighter.
Commonwealth Games discus champion Vikas Gowda, who won a bronze in 2010, is the lone world-class athlete in the Indian team and appears to be the brightest hope for a gold in Korea.
The World No. 7 was a regular in the Diamond League and he finished fourth overall in the event at the end of the season which should further boost his rating and confidence.
The presence of the two Iranians in the entry list at Incheon — London Olympics silver medallist Ehsan Hadadi and Mohammed Samimi, who took gold and silver in Guangzhou after Ahmad Mohammed’s disqualification, should make it a close affair.
But Hadadi has taken part in fewer meets than the Indian this year and Gowda, currently the best Asian in the event’s world list, has been more consistent and that should offer the Mysore-born thrower a small edge.
While Gowda, based in the US and trained by renowned coach John Godina, is clearly the athlete who has received the maximum international exposure this year, women’s discus thrower Seema Punia and men’s triple jumper Arpinder Singh, also an Asian leader, should be working on the gains made at Glasgow. Shot putters Inderjeet Singh and Om Prakash Singh could also work up some surprise.
On the track, the women’s 4x400m relay team has the best chance for gold for the sheer depth of talent in the event in the country; four Indians figure in Asia’s top ten this year. And Tintu Luka should be hungry to prove her critics wrong in the 800m.
So, why does the ‘field’ appear greener than the track this time?
The women’s distance runners were in wonderful form in 2010 with the Belarussian coach Nikolai Snesarev — a tough taskmaster but a great motivator — being the big reason for this.
The efforts by Preeja Sreedharan (10,000m gold, 5000 silver), Sudha Singh (steeplechase gold) and Kavita Raut (10,000 silver, 5000 bronze) helped India finished a creditable sixth overall in the medal table.
Unfortunately, Snesarev was forced to quit in 2011 after his demand for a pay hike was turned down.
He was lured back this year but with very little time to work his magic, the distance runners clearly don’t look in top shape.
Snesarav wanting his runners to stay away from the Commonwealth Games only brought the lack of confidence to the fore.

Brace for major correction; real bull run in  15: KR Bharat02:30 pm
Even though Indian equity benchmarks closed in the red on Tuesday, investors continued cheery pick signaling their confidence in the current bull run. According to Mithil Pradhan of Violet Arc Global Managers, 7790-7800 is the ideal trend decider, or like he calls it the "make or break level" for the market. “As long as this level is active I don’t think a bear market even in the short-term is going to begin,” he told CNBC-TV18 in an interview.
But a correction was long overdue, says KR Bharat, MD, Advent Advisors. "This market has run up way ahead of itself. It has run up because of abundance of public liquidity. Now that abundance of liquidity still continues. So maybe this is not the correction we are talking about; the market was looking for a reason to correct. It got a reason today in terms of the by-election results and therefore it has corrected,” he told the channel.
He feels the real significant correction (read: 7-8 percent cut) will probably come on the back of announcements in the US. “I try to think of: what it is that will stop the flow of liquidity going into equities? (It) is probably an announcement of an increase in rates in the US. Do I think it is likely to happen in the immediate future? No. But you will get an indication very clearly that that event is going to happen sooner rather than later. My guess would be the first quarter of calendar year 2015, latest by the second quarter of calendar 2015, but the indication that that is going to happen will come earlier,” he says.
For now, he says the market will probably try and drift back upwards. But when there is an indication that rates in the US will go up flows into global equities including emerging markets, including India, will get choked for a while, which is probably what will lead to the correction.
That may not necessarily be a bad thing as it will give an opportunity for a lot of people to go long India. Like Bharat explains, the real big bull run in India will probably come sometime in 2015—perhaps second half of the year.
He advises investors to turn a little defensive for the time being. “I probably would be in pharma, IT and autos right now. But post the correction, that we are talking about, whenever that happens, it is time to get aggressive on the growth stocks,” he says.
Below is a verbatim transcript of Bharat’s interview to CNBC-TV18’s Anuj Singhal and Sonia Shenoy
Anuj: Two part question; first is that if you believe that today was just a knee jerk reaction in that case what happens to the midcaps and small cap. Do you think after two or three days of consolidation or a big fall they start to rise again till that big correction takes place and second question, last time when we had rising rate environment in the US we actually had a big bull market in India. Why do you think that would be a catalyst for a big correction?
A: The significant difference between last time and this time is the tapering. What has happened is that with tapering happening I don’t think the US got the sort of impact that it wanted because there has been a lot of US bond buying by the Chinese, which has sort of scuppered a bit of their intentions and strategy and therefore this time when interest rates go up you will see the Chinese perhaps being forced to sell US bonds which will create its own impact and this time you will see flows into equity markets significantly reduced. The only caveat to this is while I am convinced that global equities will see some kind of correction what will happen in India like always will depend on what India does and therefore if one sort of pauses and looks for a second as to where we are yes, inflation is slowing down but there is no visible sign of growth actually taking place here.
Sentiment has changed completely over the last four to five months but the reality on the ground is still pretty much what it was earlier and it is going to take any government at least 9 to 18 months to achieve some kind of turnaround on the Gross Domestic Product (GDP) front. So the difference this time assuming rate hike sort of happens in the first quarter of, say, the next calendar is that the India story will not be as robust as it perhaps will be in the third quarter of 2015.
And secondly the market has already run up significantly. So you need some excuse, some catalyst for a correction what that catalyst will be like I said, I don’t know, it is my suspicion that it will be some kind of action that happens in the US. So while I don’t claim to be a prophet the way I would position myself is to be ready for that correction but like I said, to be nimble so that post correction I can get back on to the bandwagon because I foresee a reasonably long term bull market starting some time towards the middle of the next year.
Sonia: If this is just a short term correction in a longer term bull market then at every point in this correction what should you be looking to buy. You mention defensives but the big movers this year have clearly been the cyclicals. So if we do see the market correct a bit what would be on your shopping list?
A: You are talking about post correction. When I spoke about the defensives I was talking about today. Post correction obviously you are right, if and when there is a correction it will be those cyclical that will correct, it will be those growth stocks that will correct and those will be the stocks that I will be looking to buy post the correction.
The million dollar question is when will the correction happen, how much will it be and that is a decision for each of us individually to take but to answer your question yes, if I had to buy today I would be very defensive but post the correction yes, I would definitely be back in the cyclicals, in the growth oriented stories, in the infrastructure stories because if GDP growth rate were to recover, which I actually foresee happening, those will be the sector that will take the momentum forward.
RELATED NEWS

Bypolls: BJP wins one seat in Assam  increases vote-sharePrint
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: September 16, 2014 6:35 pm
Contrary to trends in other states of the country, the BJP has not only registered significant vote-share gain in the assembly by-elections in Assam, but also added one seat to its kitty, taking the saffron party’s strength in the state assembly up to six at the expense of the Congress.
Election was held for three assembly segments – Silchar, Lakhipur and Jamunamukh – with the final results showing that the Congress, BJP and AIUDF winning one seat each. Of these, while BJP wrested Silchar from the Congress, the AIUDF and Congress retained Jamunamukh and Lakhipur respectively.
Pointing out the BJP’s gain, state party spokesman Adip Kumar Phukan said, “While we (BJP) wrested Silchar from the Congress, we also increased our vote share there by over 14,000 in comparison to the Lok Sabha election of May. The BJP vote-share has also increased marginally in Lakhipur.” While Silchar fell vacant after sitting Congress MLA Sushmita Dev was elected to Lok Sabha, election was held in Lakhipur due to death of Congress’s DP Goala.
The All India United Democratic Front (AIUDF) of Mumbai-based perfume tycoon and Dhubri (Assam) MP Badruddin Ajmal on the other hand not only retained Jamunamukh but further increased its vote share. Ajmal’s second son Abdul Rahim Ajmal won the seat. The Jamunamukh assembly segment fell vacant after sitting MLA and Badruddin’s brother Sirajuddin Ajmal was elected to Lok Sabha from Barpeta.
In Jamunamukh however the BJP’s vote share slid down from about 17,000 in the May LS elections to 13,868. In contrast, the Congress vote-share has jumped in Jamunamukh by about 17,000 in comparison to the May Lok Sabha polls.
Tripura: CPI(M) retains Manu
In Tripura, the ruling CPI(M) retained the Manu (ST) assembly seat with Prabhat Chowdhury defeating Mailafru Mog of the Congress by 5788 votes. While Chowdhury got 21,759 votes, his rival Mog polled 15,971 votes. While the seat fell vacant after sitting CPI(M) legislator and Tripura industry minister Jitendra Choudhury was elected to Lok Sabha, the Congress reduced its margin of defeat by about 900 votes.
Sikkim: Ruling SDF lose
In Sikkim, the ruling SDF lost the Rangang-Yangang assembly constituency to Independent candidate Rup Narayan Chamling despite the fact that the seat was won by none other than SDF supremo and chief minister PK Chamling winning it along with Namchi-Singhithang in the April assembly elections. Rup Narayan Chamling, who defeated SDF candidate Kumari Manger by a margin of 708 votes, incidentally is an younger brother of the chief minister.

Avoid addressing me as  His Excellency : Kerala governor SathasivamA former chief justice of India, Sathasivam (above) was sworn in as Kerala governor on September 5.
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: September 16, 2014 6:34 pm
Kerala Governor P Sathasivam on Tuesday urged to avoid addressing him as “His Excellency,” and asked to use use “honourable governor.”
A release from Raj Bhavan said the the governor of Kerala desires that he may be addressed as honourable governor in all correspondence and not along with other epithet such as His Excellency.
A former chief justice of India, Sathasivam was sworn in as Kerala governor on September 5. His appointment had triggered a controversy over the propriety of an ex-CJI holding the post of governor.
 

Do you like their airport styleShe can't be 47!
Tue 22 Nov, 2011 1:25 PM IST
Seeing is not believing when it comes to Nandana Sen. It's hard to believe that the 'Rang Rasiya' woman is actually 47 . What makes her special? More » She can't be 47!
Have you seen these pictures
Thu 18 Sep, 2014 5:19 PM IST
Are you ready for a blast from the past. Here are some old pictures - and some new, here is a look at some celeb pictures you should never ever miss More » Have you seen these pictures
Mom-to-be Genelia steps out
Tue 30 Sep, 2014 10:44 AM IST
It has been two years since Genelia and Riteish got married. It was a big fat Bollywood wedding. Now, proud Riteish has made it official. He is going to be a father. More » Mom-to-be Genelia steps out
Bollywood, friends and a Happy Diwali
Tue 21 Oct, 2014 7:43 AM IST
Diwali is a time for celebrations. And Bollywood does it in style. A look at who is visiting whom, who is party hopping.
Dia Mirza : Wedding Diaries
Fri 17 Oct, 2014 7:51 AM IST
Mehendi, Sangeet and an Arya Samaj wedding - Sahil Sangha and Dia Mirza are man and wife. A look at their cute love story. More » Dia Mirza : Wedding Diaries
Filipino TV host Paolo Ballesteros becomes internet star thanks to his incredible celebrity transfor …
Tue 14 Oct, 2014 2:32 PM IST
Proving that makeup is a form of art, Filipino presenter Paolo Ballesteros uses makeup and wigs to transform himself into some of the world's most famous faces. Paolo skillfully highlights and contours himself into stars including Kim Kardashian and Ariana Grande. Check out the pics!
Look whom we spotted with Hrithik Roshan
Mon 13 Oct, 2014 4:06 PM IST
It was dubbed the launch of the year, and it certainly didn't disappoint. A number of A-listers flew into Dubai to attend the grand opening of Cle Dubai, which is Michelin-starred chef Greg Malouf's first venture in the city.
Bollywood star Hrithik Roshan, Victoria's Secret models Alessandra Ambrosio and Irina Shayk, Khloe Kardashian, Paris and Nicky Hilton and Esha Gupta turned out to attend the new restaurant, which offers contemporary Middle Eastern cuisine.
Moon gazing on Karva Chauth
Mon 13 Oct, 2014 12:13 PM IST
When Gutthi stole the show
Tue 7 Oct, 2014 7:27 AM IST
Gutthi aka Sunil Grover was the showstopper for actor turned designer Mandira Bedi's collection. More » When Gutthi stole the show
Tamanna Bhatia takes up the Swacchh Bharat campaign
Sun 5 Oct, 2014 11:42 AM IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, had a couple of weeks ago launched the Swacchh Bharat campign and nominated Salman Khan. Salman Khan and his team was seen in action cleaning up in Karjat. He were not the only celebrity to take up this mission. Here's a look More » Tamanna Bhatia takes up the Swacchh Bharat campaign
Bollywood gears up to observe Durga Puja
Tue 30 Sep, 2014 3:54 PM IST
Rani Mukherji visits Durga Puja Pandal, Maanyata Dutt keeps a Mata Ki Chowki in her house, here is how Bollywood celebrated Navratri off the screen. More » Bollywood gears up to observe Durga Puja
The stunning stars at GQ Men Of The Year Awards
Mon 29 Sep, 2014 1:00 PM IST
Spotted: Gauri Khan, Shamita Shetty at Simone Arora’s store launch
Mon 29 Sep, 2014 11:56 AM IST
Simone Arora launched her new store in Mumbai over the weekend and the event saw a bevy of beautiful ladies in addition to her family. Here’s a look at all the celebrities we spotted
Here comes the bride and the groom : George Clooney's wedding weekend
Sun 28 Sep, 2014 8:40 PM IST
George Clooney once said “I won’t marry again” and Barbara Walters asked “How do you know you won’t marry again?” “Because I wasn’t very good at it,’ he replied. Now, years afterwards he has tied the knot with Amal Alamuddin. Here are the first pictures after the wedding. And we have some of the guests who attended too. Take a look More » Here comes the bride and the groom : George Clooney's wedding weekend
Talking point: Here's what our favourite celebs have been talking about
Sat 27 Sep, 2014 11:16 AM IST
Celebs who insured their body parts
Mon 19 Sep, 2011 4:19 PM IST
German supermodel Heidi Klum has had her legs insured for $2 million. Learn more about other celebs who have insured their body parts. Photos More » Celebs who insured their body parts
How old do you think these celebrity moms are?
Fri 26 Sep, 2014 3:29 PM IST
If we are to tell you that Aishwarya, Shilpa and Malaika are older than 35, would you believe us? The other age defying beauties. More » How old do you think these celebrity moms are?
Tue 23 Sep, 2014 4:00 PM IST
Celebrity weddings present some amusing moments. Candid shots, tender moments, shared togetherness. Take a look
Who has the best lips in Bollywood?
Sun 18 Sep, 2011 3:54 PM IST
What do you prefer? Katrina and Kangna's (fake) pout or the fuller natural lips of Kareena and Madhuri? Take a look More » Who has the best lips in Bollywood?
Amazing photos of Deepika you should not miss
Fri 19 Sep, 2014 12:33 PM IST
She is successful. She is pretty. Her smile is perfect. She carries herself well and she has in the last couple of days proved that she is a bold girl and stands up for her rights.  We bring you some amazing photos of Deepika Padukone. More » Amazing photos of Deepika you should not miss
Today on Yahoo

Shatrughan Sinha slams Sushil Modi after BJP loses face over Bihar bypollsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Allahabad Bank seeks Rs 900cr capital from govtSep 16, 2014, 09.24 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Allahabad Bank seeks Rs 900cr capital from govt
The government has budgeted only Rs 11,200 for capital infusion in public sector banks during this fiscal. Sethi further said the bank has board approval to raise Rs 320 crore from the government and a decision would be taken only if there is higher demand for credit.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Allahabad Bank seeks Rs 900cr capital from govt
The government has budgeted only Rs 11,200 for capital infusion in public sector banks during this fiscal. Sethi further said the bank has board approval to raise Rs 320 crore from the government and a decision would be taken only if there is higher demand for credit.
Post your opinion here
 
State-run  Allahabad Bank said today that it has sought a Rs 900-crore capital infusion from the government during the current financial year. "We have asked for Rs 900 crore from the government. Usually it comes after September," Allahabad Bank's Chairman and Managing Director Rakesh Sethi told reporters on the sidelines of an annual banking event organised by FICCI and IBA today.
The government has budgeted only Rs 11,200 for capital infusion in public sector banks during this fiscal. Sethi further said the bank has board approval to raise Rs 320 crore from the government and a decision would be taken only if there is higher demand for credit.
"We have permission for a Rs 320 crore QIP, but (since) there is no demand for credit now, what do I do with that money," he asked.
When asked whether the bank plans to cut its lending rates, Sethi said that the decision would be taken by the asset liability committee. The largest bank, State Bank of India cut the deposit rate today by 25 basis points to 8.75 per cent in the one to three years category, effective from September 18.
SBI has also increased its deposit rate by 25 basis points in the 180 days to 210 days category.
When asked whether Allahabad Bank plans a festive season offer on loans, Sethi said, "Our base rate is already at 10.25 per cent. So, how much lower can we go".
Allahabad Bank stock price
On November 21, 2014, Allahabad Bank closed at Rs 118.65, up Rs 1.00, or 0.85 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 150.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 72.45.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 13.54 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 8.76. The latest book value of the company is Rs 216.68 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 0.55.
RELATED NEWS

Voda  govt agree to extend date for choosing 3rd arbitratorSep 16, 2014, 10.36 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Voda, govt agree to extend date for choosing 3rd arbitrator
Following arbitration notice by Vodafone in the Rs 20,000 crore tax case, the government had appointed former Chief Justice of India R C Lahoti as its arbitrator. Vodafone's arbitrator is Canadian lawyer Yves Fortier.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Voda, govt agree to extend date for choosing 3rd arbitrator
Following arbitration notice by Vodafone in the Rs 20,000 crore tax case, the government had appointed former Chief Justice of India R C Lahoti as its arbitrator. Vodafone's arbitrator is Canadian lawyer Yves Fortier.
Post your opinion here
 
The Indian government and Vodafone have mutually agreed to extend the deadline for appointment of the third arbitrator to resolve the Rs 20,000-crore tax dispute case with UK telecom major Vodafone.
"Our arbitrator and Vodafone have mutually agreed to extend deadline for appointment of third arbitrator," a top government official said.
The last date for finalising the name of third arbitrator in the Vodafone case dispute is September 17.Following arbitration notice by Vodafone in the Rs 20,000 crore tax case, the government had appointed former Chief Justice of India R C Lahoti as its arbitrator. Vodafone's arbitrator is Canadian lawyer Yves Fortier.
Recently, the government has appointed New York-based law firm Curtis, Mallet-Prevost, Colt & Mosle as its counsel in the Vodafone tax arbitration case.
Vodafone International Holdings B V in April had served arbitration notice under the Bilateral Investment Protection and Promotion Agreement (BIPA) between India and the Netherlands for resolving the dispute.
The case pertains to capital gains tax dispute related to the acquisition of Hutchison Whampoa's stake in Hutchison Essar by British telecom giant Vodafone in 2007.
Although the Vodafone won the tax case in the Supreme Court, the then UPA government amended the tax laws with retrospective effect to recover the dues.
While the basic tax demand was Rs 7,990 crore, the total outstanding, including interest and penalty, is estimated to have risen to Rs 20,000 crore.
RELATED NEWS

Wall Street rallies as Fed hopes buildWall Street rallies as Fed hopes build
By Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b1ab010c-3d4f-11e4-a2ab-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rashid Alvi terms Congress s spokesperson list immaterialRashid Alvi terms Congress's spokesperson list immaterial
CNN-IBN | Sep 16, 2014 at 11:42pm
Embarrassed by a string of public disagreements, the party has issued a gag order with the Congress media department head Ajay Maken ruling that only spokespersons were authorised to speak.
Idol Chat: In conversation with Emraan Hashmi
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

SAARC Home Ministers  meet to discuss terrorism  piracySep 17, 2014 at 12:02am IST
SAARC Home Ministers' meet to discuss terrorism, piracy
12
0
Kathmandu: Home Minister Rajnath Singh will lead the Indian delegation at a conference of Home and Interior Ministers of SAARC countries to be held in Kathmandu on September 19 where terrorism, piracy, trafficking of drugs and women and children will top the agenda.
Singh is expected to flag issues like cross-border terrorism and dismantling of terror infrastructure operating from some SAARC nations in the conference to be inaugurated by Nepal Prime Minister Sushil Koirala.
Maritime security, combating corruption and cyber crimes will also be discussed threadbare at the 6th ministerial-level and official-level meetings of the law enforcement authorities of the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC) countries, according to Laxmi Prasad Dhakal, Home
Other issues to be discussed at the conference, include mutual assistance in criminal matters, trafficking in women and children and promotion of child welfare in South Asia.
#saarc #nepal #kathmandu #rajnath singh
Ministry spokesperson of Nepal.
Other issues to be discussed at the conference, include mutual assistance in criminal matters, trafficking in women and children and promotion of child welfare in South Asia.
Among the SAARC leaders, Pakistani Home Minister Chaudhry Nisar has not yet confirmed his participation in the meeting, Nepal's Home Ministry spokesperson said.
Before the ministerial-level meeting, immigration authorities of all SAARC nations will meet on Wednesday and Secretaries of Interior/Home will meet on September 18.
The meeting has been taking place regularly since 2006 with a focus on the enforcement of the commitments made in the SAARC summits.
The Fifth Meeting of the SAARC Secretaries of Interior/ Home was held at the Maldives in September 2012.
1

Construction fair in Coimbatore from FridayConstruction fair in Coimbatore from Friday
R Yegya Narayan
80 participants to put up stalls in the exhibition for display of products
Coimbatore, September 16:  
For those looking for the latest in building material, architecture and interiors, there will be no better opportunity than ‘The Hindu Business Line-Construction, Architecture & Interiors 2014’ show to be held in Coimbatore from September 19 to 21.
With growing affluence and awareness about the latest trends in construction not only within but outside India, people look for trendy and premium material and the exhibition seeks to satiate the thirst for product info among the discerning public.
The three day event, to be held at the Codissia Trade Fair Complex here, will have stalls by about 80 participants displaying products ranging from architectural materials, cement, steel, TMT bars, safety and security equipments, flooring and bathroom fittings, doors and windows, electrical products, furniture and interior products. The objective of the exhibition is to benefitprofessionals, distributors of products, architecture students and the general public.
JSW Cement Ltd, which has production capacity of about 6 million tonnes, is the title sponsor. The company takes pride in being one of the most eco-friendly cement producers in the country and says that its slag-based cement provides better strength, has lesser corrosion, is heat and water-resistant and has higher longevity.
For anybody who looks for safe-keeping of valuables, the name that comes up immediately is Godrej. Godrej Locking Solutions & Systems is one of the co-sponsors of the event. The strength of any building rests on the strength of the steel used and Kamachi Sponge & Power Corporation, known for its TMT bars used in building construction, is another co-sponsor.
With growing affordability and the urge to give the best look to one’s lifetime investment – which is one’s own residence – people are splurging money on products to make their homes the envy of others. Event co-sponsor Splendid Interior & Exterior seeks to convert this dream into reality as it deals with a wide range of imported products to deck up the entire home.
Zazzy Doors & Interiors, another co-sponsor, specialises in doors for every home or office and also offers products like furniture and modular kitchen.
K-LITE Industries, the lighting partner for the show, has a range of products for indoor/outdoor lighting that not only provide light but improve the aesthetics of the area by their sheer design elegance. The event is being organised by iads & events.
The show offers something for everyone looking for what is the in-thing in construction now. Rajesh B Lund, President, Confederation of Real Estate Developers Associations of India (CREDAI) – Coimbatore, will inaugurate the show.
(This article was published on September 16, 2014)
Related

Funding smart citiesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Pop-up ads that follow browsers around a big...consumer profile
(Welcome to ‘programmatic’,…)
MUMBAI: It follows you in less than 100 milliseconds, it's created via a process that mimics super-fast, automated stock market trading — and this global phenomenon has arrived in India big time.
Welcome to 'programmatic', a trade jargon that means web ads that feed off your consumer profile and follow you as you surf — within 100 milliseconds of your exiting an e-commerce site.
This is how it works as you surf: Say, you are mulling over a pair of pink trousers in an e-commerce site, you don't buy it, but as you exit, following you in seconds is a pop-up ad extolling pink trousers, never mind that you may now be immersed in, say, a philosophy journal's website.
Programmatic buying is huge in the US, a $7.4-billion annual business. In India, it's already worth around Rs 2,000 crore, about two-thirds of the annual Rs 3,500-crore digital advertising spend.
Digital ad spend, trade pundits say, is headed for 30-35% annual growth and programmatic buying will account for a large share. Real-time consumer tracking has already pushed traditional online ad placements to second position in India because it gets more people to buy.
E-com
merce executives say the click rate and conversion rate (proportion of people who buy after clicking on an ad), are roughly 10% and 25%, respectively for programmatic buying. For plain vanilla online ads, the figures are around 1% and 5%. That's a huge difference. Programmatic buying is way more complicated than placing ads on web sites. It involves trading desks and auctions, all happening in super quick time.
The online merchant uses a mapping software to create a profile based on your e-commerce browsing in the site. That profile goes to one of the many Ad Exchanges, technology platforms allowing buying and selling of space online. Google, unsurprisingly, runs the biggest exchange. Many others, including Facebook, operates them too.
Ad exchanges then call for bids from agencies that do programmatic buying. Trading desks in these agencies use an online tool to bid and if successful, buy online space. This tool is fed with the client's product/service profile as well as data on cost effectiveness. Bidding for customer profile and buying of online space are automated, super-quick processes - and it happens 24x7.
Managing Partner, GroupM, Interaction South Asia, Tushar Vyas likens it to stock market trading. GroupM's Xaxis, Omnicom's Accuen and Publicis's Vivaki are the largest agency trading desks in India for programmatic buying. But it's IPG's Cadreon, launched in October 2013, that's the hottest player. Trading desks employ 6-10 people with "a good understanding of technology involved", as CEO, Mediabrands Audience Platform, Amardeep Singh says.
FEATURED ARTICLES

In Xis visit  Modi sees worlds approval of absolutemajorityWritten by Hiral Devrajbhai Dave , Parimal A Dabhi | Gandhinagar/ahmedabad | Posted: September 17, 2014 6:21 am
On the eve of his meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping in Ahmedabad, Prime Minister Narendra Modi cited the visit as “world’s approval” of the absolute  majority to the  NDA government at the Centre. Speaking at the karyakarta sammelan that gave him a grand reception on becoming the PM, he said, “What is the reason that Chinese President is coming to a city like Ahmedabad? Modi is not the reason. 125 crore Indians and full majority that they have given to this government is.”
Addressing a reception, along with party chief Amit Shah, on the outskirts of Gandhinagar,  he observed, “For 30 years, the world was waiting for clear majority in India. They want to connect and work with India. Be it nations who are friends, formal friends or even those with whom we share love-hate relationship. All are eager to connect.” Modi said that Xi was the second most important Chinese to visit India after Xuanzang (Hiuen Tsang), who came 1,400 years ago as a Buddhist pilgrim.
Beginning his two-day visit of Gujarat on Tuesday, Modi addressed the state’s BJP workers at Ahmedabad airport in which he did not make a single mention of the bypolls results in various states of the country, including Gujarat.
Earlier, at the reception outside the Ahmedabad airport, Modi said that one of the reasons for his coming to Gujarat was Xi’s visit, emphasising that heads of foreign states should visit different states and cities of India since the country is full of diversity. Modi said, “This is a good beginning. Foreign heads of states should also see small states of the country, (they should) also visit small cities (because) by only visiting Delhi one cannot understand the entire Hindustan. This country is full of diversities.”
Commenting on the Centre-state relations, Modi stated that irrespective of the party in power in the states, their relations with the Centre should not be strained. “We are working with the Team India approach. For this, we need to make our federal structure strong. Only then will the country progress.”
Even as the bypolls results announced on Tuesday gave the BJP a setback, Modi said, “There have been discussions about vision, big vision and grand vision. I only want to say that I am a small person and think about small people. By thinking small for small people I am trying to make them grow.
Nobody was thinking about these small people.” He then cited the example of Jan Dhan Yojana, rescue efforts in Jammu & Kashmir and how he was the first PM to visit Nepal in 17 years.
Modi said that for the BJP workers, he was not the PM, but “Aapna Narendrabhai (Our Narendrabhai). Both Patel and Shah mentioned the work done by the Modi government in 100 days and continued…

Thai potpourri: City to hold Thailand trade show fromtodayA Thai dance group at CII Headquarters in Sector 31, Chandigarh, on Tuesday. (Source: Express photo by Sahil Walia)
Express News Service | Chandigarh | Posted: September 17, 2014 6:11 am
From exotic Thai products like herbal cosmetics, jewellery and fashion accessories to wooden carvings, foot wear and Thai cuisines, all will be available for the city residents at a five-day Thailand trade show to begin on September 17.
The Confederation of Indian Industry (CII), northern region, in association with the Department of International Trade Promotion (DITP), Government of Thailand, will be organising the show at Himachal Bhawan, Sector 28.
The show, which will remain open between 10 am and 8 pm, will witness around 30 Thai companies exhibiting around 35 stalls. There will also a special stall of Thai Airways and Tourism. One will get to see live demonstrations of Thai massages and indulge in delicious Thai cuisines. In addition, there will be cultural events on all days.
Soonthorn Chaiyindeepum, Minister, Royal Thai Embassy, said he had seen a lot of business potential in northern India, and therefore, the trade fair was the first step to explore this potential. He said, “The bilateral trade between India and Thailand is expected to double to $16 billion by 2015. In the past five years, trade volume between two countries increased by an average of 15 per cent annually. Last year, it was more than $8.6 billion.”
Darpan Kapoor, Chairman, CII Chandigarh Council, said, “Thailand gets a lot of Indian tourists. The number can be further increased after the land route through the north-east is inaugurated. Punjab and Thailand too share strong business ties.” Dr Chavalit Rojjanaprapayon, Minister Councillor, Royal Thai Embassy, said that the show would mainly showcase finished products from Thailand along with fresh fruits from his country. He added that Chandigarh was chosen as the venue as they have often heard about how people of the city love to shop and travel.

Book launched on anecdotes of military personnel veteransGeneral Ved Prakash Malik (right) releases the book, ‘Maimed by the System’ , in Panchkula on Tuesday. (Source: Express photo by Sumit Malhotra)
Express News Service | Chandigarh | Posted: September 17, 2014 6:04 am
A book, ‘Maimed by the System’, written by Navdeep Singh, a practicing advocate in Punjab and Haryana High Court, was released on Tuesday by former Chief of Army Staff, General V P Malik.
The book has a collection of real life accounts of defence personnel, military veterans, disabled soldiers and their kin who were wronged by the system but fought and successfully claimed their rights and dues.
One of such story is that of a 90-year-old widow, Surjit Kaur, whose husband was declared Burmese by the Indian Army’s record office as Razmak, a place in Pakistan, was made a part of Burma.
“Surjit Kaur’s husband, late Sepoy Sital Singh, was with the Punjab Regiment and he died during World War II in Razmak.The pension to his widow was suddenly stopped, and the reason given was that her husband had never been with the Indian Army, but with the Burmese Army,” the author narrated.
He continued, “As the sepoy was serving in the 5th battalion (Burma), the authorities assumed that he was a Burmese soldier. The fact that the sepoy had been killed in Razmak also made up for his non-Indian identity.”
However, the judges of the Armed Forces Tribunal, Chandigarh bench, took up the issue with the Central government and relief was later on provided to the widow.
“Just to deny the claim of the poor 90-year- old widow, the men in uniform said it on affidavit that Razmak is in Burma. This is what pains us,” the author said.
General V P Malik said, “I feel ashamed and depressed to be a part of such a system (Ministry of Defence and Indian Army), which has been corrupted by babus. It is sad to see how a large number of veterans and widows are not getting their dues.”
He added, “A lot has to be done to improve the system and the book reflects on that through these stories.”

Profit-making PSUs want angel investments considered CSR | Edit: Let PSU banks be!angel investments
(They have offered to bail…)
New Delhi: Profit-making state-run companies are willing to play angel investors in loss-making ones in a bid to turn them around, but they want their effort to be acknowledged and that they get the right incentives.
They have offered to bail out the loss-making companies if their revival efforts are counted towards the mandatory 2 per cent corporate social responsibility (CSR) spending.
"Companies are willing to come forward, but want such efforts to be part of their CSR activity," said a government official who is aware of the deliberations, but did not reveal the names of the companies. Under the Companies Law 2013, funds infusion to revive sick companies is not included as permissible CSR activity.
A senior official with a blue chip PSU emphasized that there has to be some incentive for nurturing a sick enterprise. "If there's no strategic advantage for us, which is the case with most sick companies, then including it in our CSR spend is most appropriate," he said.
UD Choubey, director-general of SCOPE, the apex body of central government-owned units, said all options should be explored. "It's important to revive these companies and the government should consider all viable options," he said.
According to government data, there were 61 sick public sector companies at end of March 2013. About 50 central public sector enterprises, including Air India, BSNL, MTNL and ITI, have been making losses for past three fiscals.
"We will take up this issue with the ministry of corporate affairs," said the above quoted government official, adding that such clause can also help rope in private players.
Earlier, the government had formed a committee under NTPC chairman Arup Roy Choudhury to look into the formation of a firm with mandate to revive or sell sick state-run enterprises
FEATURED ARTICLES

Scottish minister insists of using pound even if gets independenceScottish minister insists of using pound even if gets independence
Results reflect peoples anger over Modis unkept promises  says Gujarat CongchiefNarendra Modi
Express News Service | Ahmedabad | Posted: September 17, 2014 6:27 am | Updated: September 17, 2014 7:32 am
Welcoming the bypoll results, an upbeat state Congress said on Tuesday that it indicated change in the mood of people who were misled earlier by Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s propaganda. The Congress has wrested three assembly seats of Deesa, Mangrol and Khambhaliya. Two of these seats have been with the BJP since 2007 and one since 2002. The BJP, however, retained six Assembly seats and Vadodara Lok Sabha seat.
State Congress president Arjun Modhwadia said that Congress had also improved its position in other seats as BJP’s victory margin had gone down. Stating that the results indicated “anger of the people against Modi’s false promises,” he said that Modi had neither curbed inflation, nor been able to deal sternly with Pakistan and China which he promised in his rhetoric during the 2014 General Elections. Modi had accused Congress-led UPA government of being “soft” on Pakistan and China.
He alleged that while Pakistan had made 49 ceasefire violations on the Line of Control in J&K, China had committed 323 ceasefire violations since Modi became the PM. “China has also forcibly taken over 24 kilometres of Indian territory in Leh area and Chinese forces have laid siege to over 100 Indian troops in Leh sector for the last two days while Modi is in Ahmedabad to welcome Chinese President,” Modhwadia said.
The Leader of Opposition in the state Assembly, Shankersinh Vaghela, said that Modi had promised to take revenge for the beheading of Indian soldiers by Pakitan and teach a lesson to China. “But Modi government has badly failed to fulfill these promises,” said Vaghela. “The results reflected the anger of people against Modi’s failure to fulfill the promises,” he added.
Senior party leader and MLA from Abdasa, Shaktisinh Gohil, said that Chief Minister Anandiben Patel had appealed to the voters to ensure the victory of BJP candidates in the nine Assembly seats and Vadodara Lok Sabha seat as a birthday gift to Modi.  “Her appeal was an insult to democracy and the voters have given a fitting reply by rejecting the BJP candidates in three seats, reducing the victory margin in other seats,” said Gohil.
On some BJP leaders not holding Modi responsible for BJP’s poor performance in bypolls, Gohil, who is also the national spokesperson of the Congress from Gujarat, said: “If victory in Delhi University Student Union polls can be attributed to Modi’s political charisma, Modi should also be held responsible for the party’s poor performance in the bypolls.”

Earthquakes  rockfalls increase at Philippines volcanoUpdated: September 17, 2014 08:20 IST
Earthquakes, rockfalls increase at Philippines volcano
DPA
Tweet
AP In this Feb 2014 photo, smoke billows from the crater of Mayon volcano, one of Philippines' most active volcanoes. The volcano has belched out lava fragments as big as a bus that rolled one kilometer down its slope, prompting authorities to start evacuating thousands of villagers, officials said on Tuesday.
TOPICS
volcanic eruption
Earth tremors and rockfalls at the Philippines’ most active volcano intensified overnight as thousands evacuated ahead of an anticipated eruption, government scientists said on Wednesday.
A bright crater glow was also monitored overnight at Mayon Volcano in Albay province, 330 kilometres south-east of Manila, the Philippine Institute of Volcanology and Seismology said.
Since the institute raised the alert at Mayon to level 3, the number of volcanic earthquakes rose to 45 from 32 and rock falls rose to 270 from 79 in the past 24 hours, according to its latest bulletin.
The alert level “means that magma is at the crater and that hazardous eruption is possible within weeks,” the institute added.
Albay provincial Governor Joey Salceda has ordered the mandatory evacuation of up to 12,000 families living in danger zones around the volcano. Military trucks were dispatched to pick up the residents.

Gujarat to roll out red carpet for Chinese President  economic co-operation high on agenda10
0
New Delhi: The stage is all set for one of the biggest diplomatic events of the year as Chinese President Xi Jinping will arrive in India on Wednesday for a 3-day visit. Breaking the protocol, Prime Minister Narendra Modi would personally receive Jinping in Ahmedabad as a special gesture. While all contentious and substantive bilateral, regional and global issues would be discussed, economic co-operation is highest on the agenda when the two powerful leaders meet.
Modi said, "Chinese President is coming. It is a good thing that visiting dignitaries also visit the states and not only see India from Delhi."
The Sabarmati River Front has been all decked up and Ahmedabad geared up as India will roll out the red carpet for the Chinese President. In a departure from protocol, the two heads of states will sign key agreements outside New Delhi. Memorandum of Understandings will be inked  for setting up of Chinese industrial parks in Ahmedabad and Pune.
#narendra modi #xi jinping #india #china
Ministry of External Affairs spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said, "This is a first in terms of a Prime Minister and the President of China witnessing signing of agreements outside Delhi. In addition, the Prime Minister has invited President Xi to visit the Sabarmati Ashram and it is expected that the two will spend some time during their visit there. This will be followed by a private dinner that the Prime Minister will host for President Xi."
The two leaders who last met along the sidelines of the BRICS summit in July in Fortaleza, will hold formal talks on Thursday in New Delhi. Accompanied by a 50-member power delegation, economics will drive the agenda when Jinping meets Modi in Hyderabad House.
China is expected to announce US $100 billion of investments in key areas of railways, bullet trains, infrastructure, power generation. In return, China is likely to seek India's support in its grand plan of reviving the ancient Silk Route.
But the success of the visit will depend on key contentious issues like $35 billion trade deficit in China's favour which India wants China to reduce, new special representatives for boundary talks could be announced, Tibet and the Dalai Lama, stapled visas to residents of Jammu and Kashmir and Arunachal Pradesh.
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj told his Chinese counterpart, "If we believe in one China policy, you should also believe in one India policy."
Jinping who will be accorded a  presidential welcome on Thursday morning, will also hold talks with President Pranab Mukherjee, Lok Sabha Speaker Sumitra Mahajan and Congress President Sonia Gandhi among others.
In an article in The Hindu, Jinping wrote, "As two important forces in a world that moves towards multipolarity, we need to become global partners having strategic coordination. According to Prime Minister Modi, China and India are "two bodies, one spirit." I appreciate this comment. Despite their distinctive features, the "Chinese Dragon" and the "Indian Elephant" both cherish peace, equity and justice."
19

Live: PM Narendra Modi meets his mother in Gandhinagar  seeks her blessings on his birthday4
0
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is in his homestate as he celebrates his 64th birthday on Wednesday. He began his day by seeking blessings of his mother. He will later in the day meet Chinese President Xi Jinping who is on a 3-day visit to India.
Live coverage
(Content below is refreshed only when page is reloaded.)
7:09 pm: 
6:12 pm: 
6:06 pm: 
5:56 pm: Chinese President Xi Jinping arrives at Sabarmati waterfront accompanied by Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
5:51 pm: 
5:46 pm: Chinese President Xi Jinping's wife Peng Liyuan arrives at Sabarmati waterfront.
5:27 pm: 
5:16 pm: 
5:13 pm: Chinese President Xi Jinping arrives at Sabarmati ashram, accompanied by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, to pay tribute to Mahatma Gandhi.
5:06 pm: Modi leaves from Hyatt hotel, expected to reach Sabarmati riverfront shortly.
5:05 pm: It was in 2005 that the guiding principles for negotiations between India and China were discussed: Anand Sharma
5:05 pm: BJP should stop fooling people that such high level talks are taking place for the first time: Anand Sharma
5:04 pm: Congress hits out at BJP, says it should 'stop fooling people about Indo-China talks'.
5:03 pm: Anand Sharma on Indo-China talks: Congress is of the view that China and India must have close cooperation and understanding.
4:46 pm: Pact to set up an industrial park in Gujarat inked in presence of Chinese President Xi Jinping and Prime Minister Narendra Modi: PTI
4:45 pm: India and China ink sister city pact between Guangzhou in China and Ahmedabad.
4:37 pm: 
4:29 pm: Narendra Modi interacts with mediapersons from India and China at Hyatt hotel in Ahmedabad.
4:23 pm: Modi reaches Hyatt hotel, the venue of talks with Chinese President Xi Jinping, accompanied by Gujarat Chief Minister Anandiben Patel.
4:08 pm: Narendra Modi is likely to urge China to open its domestic market to address the trade imbalance and cease military trade with Pakistan.
3:51 pm: The two heads will sign key agreements outside the national capital.
3:48 pm: 
3:43 pm: PM Modi gives floral welcome to Chinese President Xi Jinping and first lady Peng Liyuan
3:42 pm: 
3:11 pm: PM Modi will receive Chinese President Jinping at hotel Hyatt
3:10 pm: Gujarat Governor OP Kolhi and Chief Minister Anandiben Patel receive Chinese President Xi Jinping and first lady Peng Liyuan at Ahmedabad airport
3:08 pm: Chinese President Jinping given guard of honour
3:05 pm: 
2:58 pm: Gujarat rolls out red carpet for Chinese President Jinping
2:55 pm: Memorandum of Understandings will be inked for setting up of Chinese industrial parks in Ahmedabad and Pune.
2:49 pm: Jinping is accompanied by a high-powered business delegation of 50 members
2:48 pm: China is expected to announce US $100 billion of investments in key areas of railways, bullet trains, infrastructure, power generation.
2:43 pm: Chinese President Xi Jinping arrives in Ahmedabad for his three-day India tour
1:06 pm: Chinese President Xi Jinping wishes PM Narendra Modi on his birthday
12:47 pm: Pro-Tibetan activists were protesting against Chinese President Xi Jinping's visit to India. 10 activists have been detained outside Chinese embassy in the national capital.
12:26 pm: Birthday wishes pour in for  PM Narendra Modi. Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa wished Modi by saying, "I pray that the almighty may grant you many more years of good health to serve our nation."
12:18 pm: I keep receiving your blessings and wishes on all 365 days. I am really grateful to you. It inspires me to do new things: Modi
12:18 pm: The Gujarat government must be congratulated for these efforts: Modi
12:16 pm: Swavalamban Yojana is the new pension scheme launched by the government
12:14 pm: Anandiben Patel said something very right about the neo-middle class. We need to help this section of society the most: Modi
12:09 pm: Dignity comes from self-sufficiency: Modi
12:09 pm: The spirit of entrepreneurship among women is admirable. We have seen this in the dairy sector in Gujarat: Modi
12:07 pm: Gujarat has led  the country to being self reliant: Modi
29

India and China look to put knotty relations on new footingSep 17, 2014 at 07:25am IST
India and China look to put knotty relations on new footing
5
0
Ahmedabad: The electricity board in this Indian city has been instructed to avoid any power cuts and officials have been told to have their shoes polished and their shirts tucked in, nothing has been left to chance for this week's visit by Chinese President Xi Jinping.
India's new Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, is determined to build closer relations with the world's second-largest economy, whose leader comes with pledges to invest billions of dollars in railways, industrial parks and roads.
He hopes that when Xi arrives in his home state of Gujarat on Wednesday, marking the first visit to India by a Chinese president since 2006, the leaders of the world's two most populous nations will establish a personal rapport.
Chinese President Xi Jinping to make his first visit to India since 2006.
#india #china #prime minister #narendra modi
"The two ... have the opportunity to craft a new kind of relationship between great powers that is very different from the Western-dominated, post-World War Two model of great power ties," said Jabin Jacob of the Institute of Chinese Studies in New Delhi.
"It remains to be seen, however, whether Modi and Xi can together summon the vision and statesmanship needed to grab the opportunity," he wrote in a commentary before the visit.
In one sign that India wants the Xi visit to be a success, New Delhi asked the Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama to reschedule an event in the capital so that it would not clash with the Chinese president's trip there on Friday.
The Dalai Lama, who Beijing labels a separatist seeking an independent Tibet, has lived in India since fleeing across the Himalayas after a failed uprising in his homeland in 1959.
Modi's intensive foreign policy
But despite the moonlight dinner that the two leaders will share in a luxury tent on the banks of the Sabarmati river as Modi celebrates his 64th birthday, strains between the nuclear-armed neighbours remain, and India's prime minister has made it clear that his regional foreign policy will be robust.
In a little more than 100 days since he came to power, Modi has engaged in what his government describes as "an intensive state of global engagement", reaching out to smaller neighbours and clasping Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in a bear hug on his first major trip outside South Asia.
Business ties between India and China may be growing fast, but relations between the two rising powers are also defined by competition for energy and regional clout, as well as a festering border dispute that led to a brief war 52 years ago.
India said on Tuesday it would firmly defend its 3,500-km (2,200-mile) border with China after domestic media reported a new face-off on the disputed frontier.
The Hindustan Times reported that more than 200 soldiers of the People's Liberation Army crossed into what India considers its territory in Ladakh in the western Himalayas last week, and set about building a 2-km (1.2-mile) road there.
Separately, Modi's government has eased restrictions on building roads and military facilities along its border with China to close the gap on its neighbour's superior transport network and take a stronger stance towards Beijing.
And this week, India extended a $100 million export credit for defence deals with Vietnam, one of China's rivals for influence in the South China Sea.
Modi is not the only regional leader seeking strategic influence, defence partners and economic opportunities.
Earlier this month Abe visited Bangladesh and Sri Lanka, asserting Tokyo's interest in a region where it has ceded influence to China.
Xi followed this week with trips to the Maldives, the Indian Ocean island nation that New Delhi has long considered its area of influence, and Sri Lanka, where the two sides built on a blossoming relationship by agreeing to launch negotiations for a free trade agreement.
0

21 images from the Nats NL East celebrationBy Dan Steinberg September 16 Follow @dcsportsbog
(Via MASN)
“For the second time in the last three years, the DC stands for division champs,” F.P. Santangelo said on MASN’s broadcast Tuesday night.
What followed was a party. Here are some highlights.
The party started on the field, although it was sort of tame out there. The adults, though, were hugging the children.
(Via MASN)
 
Then the party moved inside. Like any good party, guests were asked to take off their shoes before entering.
(Via MASN)
 
What was being served? Well, they never showed the food selections, but there seemed to be plenty of drinks. Miller Lite.
(Via MASN)

Chennai Petroleum Corporation: Cessation of directorsSep 16, 2014, 10.08 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Chennai Petroleum Corporation: Cessation of directors
Chennai Petroleum Corporation has informed that Mr. L Sabaretnam, Independent Director and Mr. Venkatraman Srinivasan, Independent Director, have ceased to be the Independent Directors (Non-official part-time Directors) on the Board of CPCL effective September 16, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Chennai Petroleum Corporation: Cessation of directors
Chennai Petroleum Corporation has informed that Mr. L Sabaretnam, Independent Director and Mr. Venkatraman Srinivasan, Independent Director, have ceased to be the Independent Directors (Non-official part-time Directors) on the Board of CPCL effective September 16, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Chennai Petroleum Corporation Ltd has informed BSE that Mr. L Sabaretnam, Independent Director and Mr. Venkatraman Srinivasan, Independent Director, have ceased to be the Independent Directors (Non-official part-time Directors) on the Board of CPCL effective September 16, 2014.Source : BSE

Brent oil may break resistance  rise more to...Brent oil may rise more to $100.80
By Reuters | 17 Sep, 2014, 08.13AM IST
READ MORE ON » oil | commodity | Brent
The current rebound from Sept 15 low of $96.21 could be against the downtrend from the June 23 high of $115.66.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SINGAPORE: Brent oil may break a resistance at $99.05 per barrel and rise more to $100.80, as indicated by a Fibonacci retracement analysis.
The current rebound from Sept 15 low of $96.21 could be against the downtrend from the June 23 high of $115.66. The Fibonacci retracement on the trend reveals a minimum rebound target at $100.80, the 23.6 per cent retracement.
The immediate resistance is at $99.05, the 14.6 per cent level, which seems to have temporarily stopped the rebound. A rise above the Sept. 16 high of $99.45 will confirm both a break above the resistance and the target at $100.80.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

 Asia Shares Edge Up as Investors Second-guess FedSensex, Nifty Hit Record; Banks Surge on Kotak-ING Deal
Sydney: Asian shares crept cautiously higher on Wednesday after Wall Street rebounded on speculation the Federal Reserve would maintain a pledge on low rates when a two-day policy meeting ends later in the session.
The Dow hit a fresh record while the US dollar took a knock after the Wall Street Journal's Fed watcher Jon Hilsenrath said the central bank would keep the words "considerable time" in its policy statement, though it might qualify them.
The phrase has become a touchstone in markets for when the Fed might start raising interest rates and dropping it would be taken as a hawkish step.
Dealers said commodities were also boosted by a report from Sina.com that China's central bank was pumping more liquidity into the country's five largest banks.
The report cited a banking analyst saying the People's Bank of China would provide 100 billion yuan to each bank for a three month period.
There was no confirmation on the story and Sina.com is a private portal not known for breaking market-moving news. Still, it fuelled market hopes Beijing was ready to add more stimulus given recent weakness in housing, imports and industrial output.
Traders were now waiting to see if Chinese shares would rally after a sharp fall on Tuesday.
Elsewhere in the region, Tokyo's Topix added 0.2 per cent, while the Nikkei put on 0.3 per cent.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan rose 0.37 per cent after a run of losses.
Wall Street had ended strongly in the wake of the Fed talk, with the Dow gaining 0.59 per cent, the S&P 500 0.75 per cent and the Nasdaq 0.75 per cent.
Bond investors were more guarded and yields on two-year Treasury debt dipped a slim 2 basis points to 0.54 per cent. The benchmark 10-year Treasury note was little moved at 2.594 per cent.
Currencies were ruffled with the US dollar losing a little of its recent gains. The dollar index eased back to 84.102, from a 84.372 top on Tuesday.
The dollar faded to 107.14 yen from 107.34, while the euro inched up to $1.2955 from a trough of $1.2921.
Sterling continued to be shoved around as opinion polls showed the vote on Scottish independence was too close to call.
Three surveys - from pollsters ICM, Opinium and Survation - showed support for Scottish independence at 48 per cent compared to 52 per cent backing union.
The pound flew from $1.6163 to $1.6306, before steadying at $1.6261 in Asia.
In commodities, copper futures jumped 0.9 per cent aided by the report on Chinese banks and the slight dip in the dollar. Spot gold was a shade firmer at $1,234.81 an ounce.
Oil prices eased a touch after bouncing on Tuesday as speculation grew of a supply cut from OPEC.
Early Wednesday, Brent crude was off 18 cents at$98.87 per barrel, while US crude futures fell 24 cents to $94.64 per barrel.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Ganeshaspeaks: Market prediction for September 17Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Ganeshaspeaks: Market prediction for September 17
From 9:15 to 10:15, the market and time both shall be quite unpredictable. The market shall remain up first, and then, it may go down, says Ganesha.
Post your opinion here
By Shri Dharmesh Joshi of Ganeshaspeaks
Consider 10 minutes plus and minus in each prediction, and act accordingly.
Ganesha advises you to compare every prediction with the prediction of the previous time slot.
The moon shall be transiting through the Zodiac Sign ruled by communicative Mercury.
Moon shall also be posited in Ardra Constellation today. This Nakshatra (Constellation) is ruled by Rahu, and thus, Nifty may leave you confused, feels Ganesha.
From 9:15 to 10:15, the market and time both shall be quite unpredictable. The market shall remain up first, and then, it may go down.
Overall, the market shall remain up during 10:15 to 11:15, says Ganesha.
The market shall remain down in the next time period of 11:15 to 12:30, says Ganesha.
During 12:30 to 15:00, the trend at Nifty shall make you pass your time; there may not be much happening.
In the last 30 minutes of the trading day today, there may be a bounce at Nifty.
Shri Dharmesh Joshi is a protege of Bejan Daruwalla and belongs to the team of astrologers declared as official successors to his astrological legacy, by none other than Bejan Daruwalla himself, in an event in Mumbai on the 23rd Nov, 2009.
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/astrologers on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
RELATED NEWS

Stocks in news: Aurobindo  Maruti  Bhushan  Apollo Tyres-Board to mull borrowing limit up to Rs 2000 crore today
-Mulling entering deal with RGPPL for use of its Dabhol LNG terminal for 25 years
Jet Airways  management meeting with Jet Pilots to discuss salary arrears
-Arrears of around Rs 100 crore and also the issue of DGCA serving notice to pilots on their possible licence cancellation
Other stocks and sectors that are in news today:
- IDFC says to allot 7.30 crore shares at Rs 137/share to QIBs
- Wockhardt says board approves merger of arms Wockhardt Biopharm & Vinton Healthcare with company
- Aurobindo Pharma gets US FDA approval for Amoxicillin oral suspension
- NTPC signs MoU with Andhra government for 1000 MW solar power projects
- Maruti Suzuki says Manesar facility crosses 25 lakh units production milestone
- Financial Technologies says oppose FMC's recommendation to merge NSEL with company
-NHAI-promoted IHMCL inks a pact with  Axis Bank for services related electronic toll collection
-In court: CBI to submit response on bail plea of  Bhushan Steel vice chairman
RELATED NEWS

Gujarat to roll out red carpet for China Pres Xi JinpingSep 17, 2014, 08.19 AM IST  | Source: IBNLive.com
Gujarat to roll out red carpet for China Pres Xi Jinping
Modi said, "Chinese President is coming. It is a good thing that visiting dignitaries also visit the states and not only see India from Delhi."
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Gujarat to roll out red carpet for China Pres Xi Jinping
Modi said, "Chinese President is coming. It is a good thing that visiting dignitaries also visit the states and not only see India from Delhi."
Post your opinion here
 
The stage is all set for one of the biggest diplomatic events of the year as Chinese President Xi Jinping will arrive in India on Wednesday for a 3-day visit. Breaking the protocol, Prime Minister Narendra Modi would personally receive Jinping in Ahmedabad as a special gesture. While all contentious and substantive bilateral, regional and global issues would be discussed, economic co-operation is highest on the agenda when the two powerful leaders meet.
Modi said, "Chinese President is coming. It is a good thing that visiting dignitaries also visit the states and not only see India from Delhi."
The Sabarmati River Front has been all decked up and Ahmedabad geared up as India will roll out the red carpet for the Chinese President. In a departure from protocol, the two heads of states will sign key agreements outside New Delhi. Memorandum of Understandings will be inked for setting up of Chinese industrial parks in Ahmedabad and Pune.
Ministry of External Affairs spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said, "This is a first in terms of a Prime Minister and the President of China witnessing signing of agreements outside Delhi. In addition, the Prime Minister has invited President Xi to visit the Sabarmati Ashram and it is expected that the two will spend some time during their visit there. This will be followed by a private dinner that the Prime Minister will host for President Xi."
The two leaders who last met along the sidelines of the BRICS summit in July in Fortaleza, will hold formal talks on Thursday in New Delhi. Accompanied by a 50-member power delegation, economics will drive the agenda when Jinping meets Modi in Hyderabad House.
China is expected to announce USD 100 billion of investments in key areas of railways, bullet trains, infrastructure, power generation. In return, China is likely to seek India's support in its grand plan of reviving the ancient Silk Route.
But the success of the visit will depend on key contentious issues like USD 35 billion trade deficit in China's favour which India wants China to reduce, new special representatives for boundary talks could be announced, Tibet and the Dalai Lama, stapled visas to residents of Jammu and Kashmir and Arunachal Pradesh.
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj told his Chinese counterpart, "If we believe in one China policy, you should also believe in one India policy."
Jinping who will be accorded a presidential welcome on Thursday morning, will also hold talks with President Pranab Mukherjee, Lok Sabha Speaker Sumitra Mahajan and Congress President Sonia Gandhi among others.
In an article in The Hindu, Jinping wrote, "As two important forces in a world that moves towards multipolarity, we need to become global partners having strategic coordination. According to Prime Minister Modi, China and India are "two bodies, one spirit." I appreciate this comment. Despite their distinctive features, the "Chinese Dragon" and the "Indian Elephant" both cherish peace, equity and justice. 
RELATED NEWS

Maruti Suzuki COO Mayank Pareek resignsSep 17, 2014, 08.49 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Ahead of crucial Ciaz launch, Maruti COO said to have quit
The resignation comes ahead of the automaker’s premium sedan, Ciaz’s launch, slated in October.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Ahead of crucial Ciaz launch, Maruti COO said to have quit
The resignation comes ahead of the automaker’s premium sedan, Ciaz’s launch, slated in October.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Mayank Pareek, chief operating officer (sales & marketing), Maruti Suzuki  has put in his papers, according to media reports.
The resignation comes ahead of the automaker’s premium sedan, Ciaz’s launch, slated in October. The company is also gearing up to enter the light commercial vehicle segment.
Known as the face of Maruti Suzuki, Pareek has been part of the company for over two decades. According to reports, Pareek, who is expected to remain a part of the auto industry, may head to a rival company.
Maruti Suzuki over the recent months has seen senior management rejig after the Japanese parent Suzuki Motors tightened its hold on various divisions. The company’s top management rejig came after a year-long labour trouble at its Manesar plant in 2011-12.
In a reorganization in April this year, three senior chief operating officers (COOs) were asked to share responsibilities with their Japanese counterparts.
But Pareek's resignation has come at an inopportune time for India's largest carmaker, which has been trying to have a crack of at the premium sedan market with the Ciaz.
Replacing the SX4, the Ciaz is the latest attempt by the company to break out of its "small-car" positioning. The premium sedan segment has long been dominated by the Honda City and, recently, the Hyundai Verna.
In a recent interview with Mint, Pareek had admitted the new launch would be a challenge for the carmaker and that its sales executives were prepared to even take "pursue a customer for a week" -- a far cry for a company whose customers often line up to have test drives of its its small-car launches.
The outgoing COO had told the newspaper that the company had received 3,500 bookings since the pre-bookings opened four days ago.
In the premium hatch segment in July, the Honda City (after its recently-launched avatar) sold 7,696 units while the Hyundai Verna sold 2,853 units.
Maruti Suzuki stock price
On November 21, 2014, Maruti Suzuki India closed at Rs 3348.80, up Rs 13.50, or 0.40 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 3397.60 and the 52-week low was Rs 1541.25.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 102.82 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 32.57. The latest book value of the company is Rs 694.45 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 4.82.
RELATED NEWS

5200 this yr wont surprise me..........not at all. markets can d...Platinum Member
1303 Followers
in general true. but not many companies lift dividend by 400% and then again by 100% next yr and cone with 5 for 1 split and achieve trgt of 70% jump in revenue in 15 months.
5100-6600 current fair mrkt prc.
9999 blown 2 bits

Yesterday performance crude oil singel call profit 105000 rs. daily 99...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

284 to strong supportive levels now tgt is 300 and above - my target f...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Today target 308 - 314 - 320 - 328Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Gold extends losses for 3rd day on subdued demand; global cuesNew Delhi, September 13, 2014
Updated: September 13, 2014 16:28 IST
Gold extends losses for 3rd day on subdued demand; global cues
PTI
gold and precious material
Falling for the third day in a row, gold prices shed another Rs 45 to Rs 27,370 per 10 gram in the national capital on Saturday on easing demand from jewellers and retailers amid a weakening global trend.
Silver followed suit and declined by Rs 50 to Rs 41,250 per kg on lack of buying support from industrial units and coin makers.
Bullion merchants said slackened demand from jewellers and retailers in view of ongoing “Sharads”, considered to be inauspicious 15-day period by some for new purchases, weighed on gold and silver prices.
They said a weakening global trend, where gold fell to 8-month low, also dampened the sentiment.
Gold in New York, which normally set price trend on the domestic front, shed 0.6 per cent to USD 1,231.50 an ounce, after touching USD 1,228.10, the lowest since January 10.
Silver dropped to USD 18.45, the lowest since June 2013.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity fell by Rs 45 each to Rs 27,370 and Rs 27,170 per 10 gram respectively. It had lost Rs 385 in last two days.
Sovereign, however, held steady at Rs 24,400 per piece of eight gram in limited deals.
In line with a general weak trend, silver ready traded lower by Rs 50 to Rs 41,250 per kg, while weekly-based delivery recovered by Rs 100 to Rs 41,300 per kg on speculators buying. The white metal had lost Rs 870 in the previous two sessions.
Silver coins, however, continued to be asked at the previous level of Rs 71,000 for buying and Rs 72,000 for selling of 100 pieces.

Making a green statement: Tips to become an eco-friendly fashionistaEco-friendly jeans
Written by Keshav Chaturvedi | Posted: September 15, 2014 6:17 pm | Updated: September 15, 2014 6:20 pm
Today many of us especially the youngsters invest a lot in their appearance. “It costs a bomb to keep up with times,” is the common refrain. But looking fashionable can also be fun without hurting your pocket.
To achieve this goal the green citizens like you should redefine the definition of fashion. Fashion according to dictionary means “a manner of doing something”.
So instead of following something which is already in vogue do something new. Before buying new clothes, shoes, cosmetics and other accessories find out what they are made of.
In the western nations many cosmetic manufacturers have stopped using palm oil from Indonesia as its cultivation is destroying the pristine rain forests in the country. Similarly, many consumer groups have voluntarily stopped wearing animal skin clothes.
The companies who make them are feeling the heat of consumer activism. Efforts are being made to produce leather goods from the hide of those animals that died a natural death.
Back in our country we can learn from such global initiatives by being more aware of what we buy and who we promote when we spend our money. Start a green fashion trend. To begin with wear cotton as much as you can. This is a natural and bio-degradable fibre. Polyesters and acrylics have a lot of plastic in it and are also not good for the health of your skin.
Decrease plastic content from your accessories list. Increase your awareness about the companies that make fashion accessories. See if they employ child labour or are guilty of polluting their environment. In such a case shun their products. Look for alternatives. You will be amazed how many you will find. If there aren’t any alternatives available or they are beyond your reach then shun the product. Learn to live without them. It would be a liberating experience.
Become a fashionista, whose fashion choices make a statement of awareness about her surroundings. Let people know that you have stopped such and such brand or a new clothes line because they don’t fit into your idea of sustainability. People will start respecting you for your uber cool and environmentally sustainable approach to fashion.
Keshav Chaturvedi is a media professional for the last 23 years. Recently the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting’s publication division brought out his book – Climate Change Negotiations: An Assessment.  He was also the content head of the renewable energy magazine Energy Next brought out by IREDA. Presently he writes for the Financial Chronicle (the financial paper of Deccan Chronicle) and is the consulting editor at http://www.greencommunications.in . He also maintains a regular blog on sustainable development issues 
Read Comics:

Deepika hugs rumoured beau Ranveer  but saves the kisses only for Arjunentertainment
Deepika hugs rumoured beau Ranveer, but saves the kisses only for Arjun
Still very much the reigning Queen in Bollywood, Deepika Padukone is one busy lady. After launching the  music of her upcoming film 'Happy New Year' along with the cast, the actress attended a special success bash for her recently-released ‘Finding Fanny’. At the party, Deepika was seen hugging rumoured beau Ranveer Singh, but she saved the kisses only for co-star Arjun Kapoor. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Ranveer Singh just can't seem to take his hands off his 'Leela'. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
However, Deepika Padukone only had eyes or should we say lips for her onscreen love Arjun. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Deepika is radiant as he poses with her onscreen and off-screen favourites – Arjun Kapoor and Ranveer Singh. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
While Deepika pouted along with Arjun, Ranveer threatened to kiss Dinesh Vijan. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Hrithik Roshan, who has been spotted at almost all the screenings of 'Finding Fanny', put in an appearance in a black tee shirt, distressed denims and a fedora. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Ranveer Singh enjoys the attention as always! (Source: Varinder Chawla)
'Finding Fanny' hunk Arjun Kapoor was cool in a leather jacket, a shirt and denims, as he obliged the cameras. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
'Barfi' actress Ileana D'Cruz turned up in a black and white top with skinny pants and blue pumps. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
‘Finding Fanny’ actors Naseeruddin Shah, Pankaj Kapur photographed along with actress Supriya Pathak and Dinesh Vijan. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Stylist Anaita Shroff Adajania wore a metallic shimmery blouse with ripped denims and wedges. Her husband Homi Adajania, who has directed 'Finding Fanny', posed along with producer Dinesh Vijan. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Related

UK does not know location of Isis hostagesBritish forces do not know location of Isis hostage, says Hammond
By Elizabeth Rigby, Deputy Political Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c3de4454-3cde-11e4-871d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Today in Pics: By-Poll results  Smriti Irani at Golden Templepicture  others
Today in Pics: By-Poll results, Smriti Irani at Golden Temple
Vadodara BJP candidate Ranjan Bhatt after Lok Sabha bypoll victory. (Source: Express Photo by Bhupendra Rana)
Trinamool Congress candidate Nayna Bandyopadhyay celebrates after winning the Chowringhee assembly seat in Kolkata. (Source: PTI)
Rajasthan Congress President Sachin Pilot celebrates with party workers the party's victory in the bypolls at the party office in Jaipur. (Source: PTI)
Nawab Jaan Khan of Samjwadi Party shows victory sign after his win from the Thakurdwara assembly seat in Moradabad. (Source: PTI)
Human Resource Development Minister Smriti Zubin Irani at the Golden temple in Amritsar on Tuesday. (Source: PTI)
Smriti Zubin Irani washing utensils during her visit to the Golden temple in Amritsar on Tuesday. (Source: PTI)
President Pranab Mukherjee is received by the Vietnamese officials on his arrival at Ho Chi Minh International Airport. (Source: PTI)
President Pranab Mukherjee during a visit to Tran Quoc Pagoda in Hanoi on Tuesday. (Source: PTI)
Related

Raghuram Rajan chides state-run banks for engaging middlemen for loansE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Iran won t shake Americas  dirty hands  in ISIS fightE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Call on diesel decontrol held back. Reform push only post pollsPlatinum Member
279 Followers
BJP government shown  it`s weak resolve to go ahead with Oil price decontrol, a basic economic reform. Yesterday market has taken this with bitterness. Strangely a new pricing formula came of up in today papers, stating that because the benchmark gasoline prices have gone up, the petrol price has to go up by 48 paise.  Moving the benchmark to suit it`s line of indecision is not good for this government.  So far the oil prices in India are benchmarked to Indian crude basket, and why this new benchmark?  This is an act of low credibility.  The benchmark has come down by 4.77% and as per the stated formula, the oil companies has to reduce the petrol, diesel prices accordingly.  Any other rude remarks such as "reduction in petrol prices are not warranted" will erode the credibility of NDA government and people stop believing them so early.
9.55 AM Sep 17th

Modi govt created favourable atmosphere for India: Pranab MukherjeePrint
Press Trust of India | Ho Chi Minh City | Posted: September 16, 2014 6:48 pm
On Tuesday President Pranab Mukherjee had some words of praise for the new Indian government as he credited it for not only initiating steps to bring the economy on a better path but also for creating a “favourable” atmosphere for India across the globe.
The president, who abandoned his written speech for an extempore talk during the Indian community reception in this historic city of Vietnam, also lauded Prime Minister Narendra Modi for accomplishing a wonderful trip to Japan from where, he said, hopes of substantial Foreign Direct Investment are expected to be ploughed into India in the future.
“After the new government (led by Modi) came out with a massive mandate they also worked out…of course, it is too early to formulate cogent policies for the full five years and get it reflected in the plan document and other documents but the first budget presented by the new government outlines some of the crucial policies and there is substantially continuity and there is change (in policy) where it has been found necessary to do it.”
“One very positive aspect is that there is possibility of substantial FDI which was an important outcome of the Prime Minister’s visit to Japan. And it is expected that in the next five years, investment from Japan would be around USD 25-35 billion.
“Also, we had a very good interaction with the Australian Prime Minister during his visit to India in the last week. Our Prime Minister is expected to have detailed interactions with US President Barack Obama and therefore the international atmosphere is favourable and I am (also) visiting Vietnam at this juncture when two fastest growing economies – India and Vietnam – are also engaged in having cooperation and interaction,” he said.
The president also praised Petroleum Minister Dharmendra Pradhan, the lone representative of the Modi cabinet on this four-day state visit, for taking steps for bringing down the prices of crude oil.
“I can congratulate Mr Dharmedra Pradhan because after assuming the office of the Petroleum Ministry, he has brought good luck to the petroleum (sector) in the sense that now the petroleum prices have come down to USD 93 per barrel and the prediction is that it will go further down. Unfortunately, when I was the Finance Minister, I did not have that privilege of buying petroleum less than USD 112-115 per barrel,” he said evoking a thunderous applause from the audience.

BJP s loss in UP worse than it seems  party lost most ground in LucknowBJP's loss in UP worse than it seems, party lost most ground in Lucknow
HT Data Team , Hindustan Times   New Delhi, September 16, 2014
First Published: 21:45 IST(16/9/2014) | Last Updated: 08:56 IST(17/9/2014)
Comments
Have the people of Uttar Pradesh (UP) denounced the Modi wave? Samajwadi Party (SP) has won 8 out of the 11 assembly seats contested on Friday in the state. Interestingly, all these assembly constituencies in UP were won by the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) during the legislative elections of 2012.
In a Lok Sabha by-poll, Samajwadi Party (SP) won the Mainpuri parliamentary constituency again as it did during the Lok Sabha polls this year.
If one compares the performance of BJP during the bypolls in UP with that in the national elections this year, it can be said that BJP lost on an average around one-third of its votes. In the assembly seats which went to poll on Friday, BJP lost around 40,000 votes per constituency on an average.
In the 11 UP constituencies that went to polls, BJP got a total of 730,393 votes compared to 1,204,038 votes it got three months back.
In the Charkhari constituency BJP did not even come second. In 2012, high profile candidate Uma Bharti had won this seat by 64,035 votes.
BJP won the Lucknow East seat but with the highest drop in the total number of votes. During the Lok Sabha polls BJP got 1,47,654 votes in Lucknow East while this time it managed just 62,164 votes. This was a drop of 85,490 votes, which was about 58%. The Lucknow parliamentary constituency seat is held by home minister Rajnath Singh.
Nighasan assembly constituency had the lowest drop of 462 votes for the BJP, a decrease of 0.5% from the LS polls. Bijnor had the second lowest drop of 6,057 votes.
The Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) did not contest any of these seats. It is a fact that BSP has a big share of votes in UP.
The following graph gives the details of the vote loss of the BJP. It must be noted that Charkhari constituency has not been taken into account in this analysis because the state election commission has still not updated the BJP numbers as Congress has come second in these constituency after SP.
Story ideation and written by : Sourjya Bhowmick (@sourjyabhowmick)
Research : Shreya Chatterjee

Sand scarcity brings building activity in Vizag to a haltSand scarcity brings building activity in Vizag to a halt
Our Bureau
Tweet
Visakhapatnam, September 16:  
Apartment builders are here facing great difficulty in procuring sand for construction activity due to the State Government’s indecision over the sand mining issue.
According to members of the Visakha Apartment Builders Association (VABA), construction work at a few hundred sites in the city has come to a standstill for the past one month or so.
President of VABA, P Anand Kumar, said that sand was an important ingredient in civil construction and due to the ban on mining, there had been no supply of sand.
“Construction activity has stopped due to the shortage of sand,” he said and added that the association members had met the District Collector N Yuvaraj and he had assured them that the issue will be addressed in the next few days.
Disguised unemployment
Vice-President KS Krishna said: “About one lakh workers are engaged in the apartment construction sector and they have been idle since the last one month. They are poor people who survive on daily wages and they are hit badly.”.
Based on a Supreme Court directive that sand mining cannot take place without the clearance from the environment board, the government has banned mining.
“Environment clearance is good but there are sites such as Konam reservoir which has got an environment clearance. The government can allow mining at such places,” said Krishna.
Clearance issue
Another issue is the setting up of the Environment Clearance Board (ECB).
“After bifurcation, the AP state has no ECB. The government’s plan of allotting the mining rights to the DWCRA groups will take some time, but something has to be done on a war-footing to save the industry,” said Anand.
(This article was published on September 16, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Pharma giant AstraZeneca to do its own ITPharma giant AstraZeneca to do its own IT
Our Bureau
Tweet
Chennai, September 16:  
Biopharmaceuticals giant AstraZeneca will significantly reduce outsourcing of information technology work to vendors and move it back in-house. At present, eight vendors, including Tata Consultancy Services, Infosys, Wipro, HCL Technologies and Cognizant, provide IT work for the London-based $26-billion company.
Today, about 70 per cent of the company’s IT work is outsourced to eight vendors. The target is to reduce this to around 30 per cent in the next two years. About 9,000 employees of various vendors work on AstraZeneca’s projects globally. This will reduce by half or more and, at the same time, AstraZeneca’s IT employee headcount will increase significantly. “Our vendors have been told about this shift,” David Smoley, Chief Information Officer, AstraZeneca, told newspersons.
The company annually spends around $1.3 billion on IT. “To reduce it by half in two to three years is our aspiration and moving IT work back in-house is one of the measures in this,” he said.
AstraZeneca will follow companies like General Motors in this trend. In-sourcing as a practice started two years ago and it is gathering pace. With the adoption of cloud and mobile services, technology is changing so fast that you don’t need a large IT team, Smoley said at the inauguration of the Chennai centre.
The first step in building its own IT team is the setting up of a global technology centre in Chennai. One more centre will come up in Silicon Valley and another in eastern Europe in the next two years, he said.
“We need to have technical leadership and operational excellence. We cannot rely on third party on this. We want to gain control on IT operations by bringing back work in-house,” he said.
“If you are giving work to a third party, they have a profit margin and that is their priority. Our team member is not with them, but their people are with us managing various things. (The end result) is people managing people with a focus on profit that is not AstraZeneca’s,” he said.
The company will start moving work in-house with SAP, integration of middleware, he said.
The company has spent around $10 million on the Chennai centre, which has 75 employees now with plans to increase the number to 300 by the year-end. The centre will deliver a variety of services, including technical and application such as SAP, Oracle and Cloud-based technologies like Salesforce.com and also do software development.
(This article was published on September 16, 2014)
Related

Coonoor residents facing acute shortage of waterCoonoor residents facing acute shortage of water
LN Revathy
Erratic supply, increased rate per load of tanker plagues town
Coimbatore, September 16:  
Water, for the residents of Coonoor is becoming a precious commodity. With supplies turning increasingly erratic, residents fret the idea of entertaining guests and relatives.
“My brothers had come to India on a holiday. When they indicated their plan to visit us in Coonoor, I bluntly asked them to come one (family) at a time; not because there is not enough room in my place, but because of the precarious water position,” says Sundar, a resident.
Notwithstanding the erratic supply, the rate per load of tanker has also started to shoot up. While two-three houses in an area pool to source a tanker load, the requirements are not always the same and there are affordability constraints as well, say a cross section of residents.
We were told that some areas get the supply once a fortnight, while others places such as Mount Pleasant get it once every 30-35 days.
“We used to get tank loads of water every alternate day during election time. Now that is it over, the situation is back to square one,” said 86-year old Aadhikesavan, a resident in Mount Pleasant area of Coonoor.
Some residents alleged private contractors of drawing water from the stream and the official machinery of remaining a silent spectator to such tapping. With the main source of water for this town — the Raliah dam — going dry, supply has become precarious, they say.
The town draws over 1,445 million litres of water a year from Raliah and Bandumi dams and Gymkhana stream.
While Coonoor town faces severe water shortage, Ooty, which is just about 20 km away, reports of flooding and land slide due to rains every now and then.
(This article was published on September 16, 2014)
Related

Croma gets Snapdeal platform to sell goodsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Markets blink before Fed triggerMarkets blink before Fed trigger
BS Reporter | Mumbai Sep 16, 2014 10:50 PM IST
Shares posted a sharp fall for a second day amid weak global markets, on concern about a sooner than expected interest rate rise in America. Reserve Bank of India governor Raghuram Rajan’s statement on Monday ruling out interest rate cuts also hurt investor sentiment.
The BSE’s 30-share Sensitive Index shed 324 points or 1.2 per cent to end at 26,492.51. The National Stock Exchange's Nifty index closed below 8,000, declining 109 points or 1.4 per cent to 7,932. Both indices posted their biggest single-day decline since August 1.
Market players said investors continued to book profits ahead of the US Federal Reserve's open market committee announcement on Wednesday. The Fed is expected to provide guidance on the timing for its first rate rise. The meeting will also see the Fed cutting its monthly bond buying programme.
The Fed has said there would be considerable time between the end of this programme and the first rate rise, most economists believe the latter might be announced in June next year, up from an earlier expectation of a September rate rise. This could cause volatility in the market, say analysts, as this could lead to a reversal of flows from emerging to developed markets.
"We hold the contrarian view that the Fed tightening is a long-run positive, although emerging markets could well see one round of selloff in the coming months,” said Indranil Sengupta, India chief economist, Bank of America Merrill Lynch. He believes the Fed tapering will also pull down oil prices, helping India narrow its current account deficit.
Foreign investors sold shares worth Rs 800 crore on Tuesday, provisional data showed.
“The market fall is mainly due to weak global cues, especially from Asian markets. Derivatives statistics indicate foreign institutional investors have gone short on the market. However, the basic trend is still bullish and buying on dips should be the strategy, with a three-month,” said Shrikant Chouhan, head, technical research, Kotak Securities.
Chouhan said the Sensex will have strong support between 26,500 and 26,300 and should consolidate around these levels. Unlike Monday, when the selloff was largely in big stocks, smaller stocks cracked more than the large names on Tuesday. Nearly three stocks declined for every one that gained. All sectoral indices of the BSE ended with losses on Tuesday. The BSE power and realty indices fell the most at three per cent each, followed by metal, oil & gas and banking.
Among Sensex stocks, Tata Power and Tata Steel fell the most, followed by Axis Bank, Oil and Natural Gas Corporation and Larsen & Toubro.

Hiccups in mid & small-cap rallyHiccups in mid & small-cap rally
Puneet Wadhwa & Deepak Korgaonkar | New Delhi / Mumbai Sep 16, 2014 10:49 PM IST
Shares of mid-cap and small-cap companies lost ground on Tuesday, slipping up to 20 per cent on profit-booking. Between September 1 and Monday, the mid- and small-cap indices have risen 10 per cent and eight per cent, respectively, compared to a rise of one per cent each in the benchmark Sensex and Nifty.
While the BSE small-cap index slipped four per cent on Tuesday, the mid-cap index lost 3.4 per cent, compared with the 1.2 per cent decline in the Sensex. On the National Stock Exchange, the mid-cap and small-cap indices ended four per cent lower each.
The fall in the overall markets comes ahead of a US Federal Reserve meeting in which analysts say Fed chair Janet Yellen might provide cues on a rate increase.
“The benchmark indices have been correcting since the past few days and we have seen some selling by foreign institutional investors in the futures and options segment. Against this backdrop, mid- and small-caps were outperforming, and have seen a healthy gain. Therefore, a correction was imminent,” said Sunil Jain, head of retail research, Nirmal Bang.
Among small-caps, Venus Remedies, NDTV, Nucleus Software Exports, Onmobile Global, Dhunseri Petrochem & Tea and Himachal Futuristic Communications declined more than 10 per cent each on Tuesday, while in the mid-cap segment, HDIL, GSFC, Delta Corp, Gujarat Pipavav Port, Amtek India and Arvind fell up to 20 per cent each.
Though the markets have lost ground since the past few sessions, analysts do not seem worried. They suggest the long-term market story remains intact structurally. However, expect stocks in the mid- and small -cap segments to see more correction, given the recent rally.
R Sreesankar, head of institutional equities, Prabhudas Lilladher, says: “This is a normal correction in the mid-cap segment, as the stocks had run up sharply. There is nothing to be worried about.”
Cummins India, Britannia Industries, UPL, Federal Bank, Tata Chemicals, PI Industries, JK Lakshmi Cement, KPIT Technologies and Ashoka Buildcon remain his favourites in the mid-cap and small–cap segments.
Jain of Nirmal Bang says for those seeking to buy mid- and small-caps from a two-year perspective, the best strategy is to wait, as these stocks could be available cheaper and at compelling valuations. His top picks in this space are Dolpin Offshore, Dishman Pharma and Indoco Remidies. He suggests those with a long-term perspective buy these at lower levels.
Rikesh Parikh, vice–president (equities), Motilal Oswal Securities, says investors shouldn’t expect an immediate turnaround in these stocks, as these are likely to consolidate around current levels, before resuming their upward march.
 

Many rerating cues for UPLMany rerating cues for UPL
Ram Prasad Sahu | Mumbai Sep 16, 2014 10:47 PM IST
Agri-chemicals major UPL, earlier United Phosphorus, hit its 52-week high last week on easing of rainfall deficit fears and increased sowing in India, its largest single market accounting for 21 per cent of FY14 sales. Rainfall deficit is down from 16 per cent earlier this month to about 11 per cent now and should improve demand for agri-chemicals, helping UPL. Sowing has also now improved to 95 per cent of the national cultivable area, which is just under the 98 per cent coverage of last year. While the management has forecast for an overall revenue growth of 12-15 per cent for FY15 in July, growth could be higher, given the contribution from India operations. The other key market for UPL is Latin America (including Brazil), which accounted for 26 per cent of its revenues. Analysts expect this geography to grow at 10-12 per cent annually over two-three years.
The company is now focusing on differentiated formulations and will launch nine products over three years. UPL is looking to replicate the success of its insecticide, Ulala, and will leverage its tie-up with Ishihara of Japan to launch more such products. Ulala, launched in FY13, generated revenues of Rs 68 crore in the first year. Further, in line with its focus on branded products, the company plans to launch five mega brands. Another growth area could be the $3 billion worth of products going off patent starting FY14.
To maintain its above-sector growth performance and consolidate its market share, the company is looking at tripling product launches from 27 in FY14 to 75-80 in FY15. UPL, which has a 13 per cent market share in the Indian crop protection market, has increased its global share from 2.8 per cent to 2.9 per cent in FY14 and grew at double the global sector growth rate of 8.5 per cent for the financial year. The company said the South American and Indian markets are expected to grow faster than the global average.
Thus, the company is changing focus from largely an off-patent product portfolio to differentiated value-added niche products and is focusing on the organic route (as against the earlier acquisition strategy) to improve its growth metrics and profits.
While the stock has rerated after the March quarter on good Q4FY14 results and strong forecast, analysts at HSBC believe there are multiple rerating triggers. These include strong earnings growth (average of 20 per cent), reduction in debt and stable cash flow leading to higher return on equity. Higher cash flow and lack of acquisitions should lead to further reduction of debt. As a result, UPL’s debt to equity ratio is expected to fall from the current 0.5 times to 0.2 times.  
Despite being one of the largest global companies in the space with a low-cost production base, presence across countries which de-risks its revenue streams and a large product portfolio, the stock (at Rs 353) is still available at an attractive 10 times its FY16 earnings, said an analyst at a domestic brokerage.
One issue that had held back investors was the poor utilisation of excess cash parked in current accounts. Analysts at Kotak Securities said Rs 850 crore of debt repayment in FY14 out of the surplus cash partly addressed investor concerns on the suboptimal structure of the balance sheet, leading to the re-rating of valuation multiples.
In the light of the company’s plans, analysts believe that UPL will post an average growth of 20-21 per cent in net profit over FY14-16. The Bloomberg consensus one-year forward target price is pegged at Rs 374, a six per cent upside from current levels. Given the prospects and reasonable valuations, investors can pick the stock at dips.

Glimcher and Apple Are Big Market MoversAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

Governments lack concern for female child: SCparent and child
"The government has become sloppy. Central and State governments are supposed to organise camps. They don’t. Then what awareness can you spread?"
Pulling up the Union and State governments for the “sloppy” implementation of the pre-natal sex determination law despite its existence for the past 20 years, a Supreme Court Bench of Justices Dipak Misra and N.V. Ramana on Tuesday said the approach reflects “lack of concern for the female child.”
The observations came on an application filed on August 2013 by Sabu Mathew George, a member of the National Inspection and Monitoring Committee (NIMC) set up under the Pre-Conception and Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques (PCPNDT) Act of 1994, alleging that pre-natal sex determination continues to be done by doctors, hand-in-glove with conniving authorities. Dr. George charged that female foeticide continued unchallenged despite a March 2013 judgment by the Supreme Court. The court had at the time observed that eliminating female foetuses after pre-natal diagnostic tests had pushed the female child ratio down nationwide.
“The government has become sloppy. Central and State governments are supposed to organise camps. They don’t. Then what awareness can you spread?” Justice Misra asked Additional Solicitor-General Neeraj Kishan Kaul, representing the Union government.

TriZetto buy to bolster Cognizant s health care businessTriZetto buy to bolster Cognizant s health care business
Liverpool score dramatic win over newcomersE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

US regulators faulted in ignition defects at General MotorsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Big win boosts Lahore chancesLions crush Express, move into main league
CLT20 QUALIFIER — Captain Hafeez leads the way in 55-run win.
By Rachna Shetty | ESPNcricinfo –  Tue 16 Sep, 2014 5:30 AM IST
Tweet
0
Lahore Lions 164 for 6 (Hafeez 67, Maharoof 3-28) beat Southern Express 109 (Mubarak 35, Cheema 3-15, Riaz 2-20) by 55 runs
Scorecard and ball-by-ball details
A comprehensive win over Southern Express and Northern Knights' win over Mumbai Indians lifted Lahore Lions into the main draw of the Champions League T20. Lions had bettered their chances of qualifying after the big win in the first game of the day but their progress also depended on the result of the game between Knights and Mumbai and the New Zealand team's six-wicket win smoothed the road for Lions.
At the toss, Express captain Jehan Mubarak had said that he had chosen to bowl because he preferred chasing a target with the qualification at stake, and had aimed to restrict Lions to a total in the range of 130-140. Those goals, however, came undone in the last five overs of the Lions innings against an attacking innings from Mohammad Hafeez, who blasted 67 off 40 balls.
Lions went into their last five overs on 89 for 3 before Hafeez changed gears. He blasted Seekkuge Prasanna for a four and three successive sixes off the first four balls of the 16th over, which went for 25. The Lions captain followed that up with a few more big hits and brought up the 150 for the side with a six and four off Charith Jayampathi in the 19th over. By the time the innings ended at 164 for 6, 75 had come off the last five overs.
Express needed one of their top-order batsmen to replicate the kind of innings Hafeez had played but their challenge began withering away soon, as Aizaz Cheema reduced them to 36 for 3. An already weakened innings stumbled along to an early finish as Express lost four wickets for six runs, including Mubarak who had struck a brisk 35.
Cheema, who missed out on a hat-trick for the third successive match in the tournament, finished with 3 for 15 and was well supported by Wahab Riaz and Adnan Rasool as Express folded for 109 in 18 overs.
Lions dominated thoroughly with the ball but they lacked fluency in the first half of their batting innings. Until the 15th over, the Express bowlers had done a good job of restraining the batsmen, specially after Farveez Maharoof's strikes in successive overs.
Lions' opening pair of Umar Siddiq, promoted up the order in place of Nasir Jamshed, and Ahmed Shehzad had made a confident start before Maharoof landed the first breakthrough, enticing a dab from Siddiq that was caught by wicketkeeper Kusal Perera. Maharoof's next over turned out to be even better with the wickets of Shehzad and Jamshed, both batsmen out to poor shots. The next seven overs saw Lions score just 37 runs as Hafeez and Saad Nasim focused on rebuilding the innings and set up a flourish at the end.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

Thai potpourri: City to hold Thailand trade show from todayA Thai dance group at CII Headquarters in Sector 31, Chandigarh, on Tuesday. (Source: Express photo by Sahil Walia)
Express News Service | Chandigarh | Posted: September 17, 2014 6:11 am
From exotic Thai products like herbal cosmetics, jewellery and fashion accessories to wooden carvings, foot wear and Thai cuisines, all will be available for the city residents at a five-day Thailand trade show to begin on September 17.
The Confederation of Indian Industry (CII), northern region, in association with the Department of International Trade Promotion (DITP), Government of Thailand, will be organising the show at Himachal Bhawan, Sector 28.
The show, which will remain open between 10 am and 8 pm, will witness around 30 Thai companies exhibiting around 35 stalls. There will also a special stall of Thai Airways and Tourism. One will get to see live demonstrations of Thai massages and indulge in delicious Thai cuisines. In addition, there will be cultural events on all days.
Soonthorn Chaiyindeepum, Minister, Royal Thai Embassy, said he had seen a lot of business potential in northern India, and therefore, the trade fair was the first step to explore this potential. He said, “The bilateral trade between India and Thailand is expected to double to $16 billion by 2015. In the past five years, trade volume between two countries increased by an average of 15 per cent annually. Last year, it was more than $8.6 billion.”
Darpan Kapoor, Chairman, CII Chandigarh Council, said, “Thailand gets a lot of Indian tourists. The number can be further increased after the land route through the north-east is inaugurated. Punjab and Thailand too share strong business ties.” Dr Chavalit Rojjanaprapayon, Minister Councillor, Royal Thai Embassy, said that the show would mainly showcase finished products from Thailand along with fresh fruits from his country. He added that Chandigarh was chosen as the venue as they have often heard about how people of the city love to shop and travel.

Piramal leads race to buy Ramky s 3 highway ...You are here: Home > Collections
Ajay Piramal Group leads race to buy 3 highway projects of Ramky Infrastructure
Sabarinath M & CR Sukumar, ET Bureau Sep 17, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Ajay Piramal group
(Piramal group has emerged…)
MUMBAI/HYDERABAD: The Ajay Piramal group has emerged as the front runner to purchase three highway projects of Hyderabad-based Ramky Infrastructure, signaling that cash-rich investors are keen on infusing life into the battered roads sector amid the Narendra Modi government's overall push to revive infrastructure as it looks to boost the economy.
The structured investment group of the real estate to financial services conglomerate owned by billionaire Piramal has signed a non-binding agreement and started final due diligence, said two persons with direct knowledge of the deal.
The group "has signed a nonbinding agreement to buy ownership of Ramky Eslamex Hyderabad Ring Road, Sehore Kosmi Tollways and NAM Expressway," said one of the persons cited above.
The diversified business conglomerate plans to purchase a majority 51% stake and take management control with an investment horizon of more than six years as part of its strategy to acquire such projects that could see it becoming the country's biggest roads operator.
Piramal is betting that the sector will recover after sluggish progress during the previous UPA administration due to legal and bureaucratic hurdles. The Modi government wants to get infrastructure projects moving again as it seeks to put India on an accelerated growth track. The Piramal group is targeting a 16% return from investments in road projects and has teamed up with SBI Caps to identify assets it can acquire. An Piramal spokesperson declined to comment on what it said was market speculation.
The deal, which will help Ramky retire some of its Rs 2,700 crore debt, is likely to be finalised at a valuation of Rs 700-750 crore. "Given the current fall in traffic flows and trimmed down traffic projections, Ramky Infrastructure expects a combined valuation of around Rs 720 crore for its equity investments in these three road assets as against some Rs 900 crore expected a few months back," said a senior executive with Ramky Infra.
Many developers borrowed heavily to build road assets but later ran into problems due to falling toll collections. About 200 road projects with a combined equity investment of Rs 60,000 crore are up for sale as promoters face liquidity problems after the economic downturn squeezed toll collections, throwing business plans out of gear. Ramky owns all of Ramky Eslamex and Sehore Kosmi, while having a 50% stake in NAM Expressway, with IL&FS holding the rest.
Founded in 1994, Ramky Infrastructure is primarily engaged in water and wastewater, irrigation, lift irrigation, dams and barrages. It also constructs shopping malls, apart from residential and commercial buildings.
The Ajay Piramal group is close to finalising six transactions worth Rs 2,000 crore. The group plans to bring road assets under a common umbrella by appointing a separate management team headed by a chief operating officer.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Quartz Daily BriefAsia editionFed decision  Hollandes lucky escape  Boeing-SpaceX  unhappy clamsSeptember 16, 2014
What to watch for today
The end of QE is in sight. The US Federal Reserve is expected to cut back bond purchases by an additional $10 billion to $15 billion a month as it wraps up its two-day policy meeting. That would put the two-year-old program of quantitative easing on track to end in October. Next step, an interest-rate hike? The Fed statement should provide clues on the timing and economic conditions for one.
Another divide at the Bank of England? Minutes from this month’s policy meeting will reveal how split the bank was on the decision to keep  its benchmark interest rate unchanged . Last month, two policymakers voted in favor of an interest-rate hike, the first divide in three years .
Brazil’s front-runners go head-to-head. A televised presidential debate, organized by Catholic bishops , will pit incumbent president Dilma Rousseff against Brazilian Socialist Party candidate Marina Silva on the questions of abortion and same-sex marriage. The latest poll shows the two women tied ahead of the October 26 election.
Scotland’s final opinion polls trickle in. The polls have been too close to call; the most recent shows support for independence  rising to 48% , despite party leaders  promising more autonomy  if Scotland stays in the union. Although the polls have been criticized  for swaying voters, the last one comes in just a day before the referendum on Thursday.
Mount Mayon rumbles on.  Authorities have evacuated thousands of people  within a five-mile radius of the Philippine volacno as lava began to trickle out of the crater on Tuesday. Scientists predict the volcano could  violently erupt within weeks .
While you were sleeping
America will have two spaceships. US space agency NASA will pay Boeing $4.2 billion and SpaceX $2.6 billion to each build a spacecraft to replace the space shuttle for ferrying astronauts and satellites to orbit. Boeing is considered “ the least risky option ” (paywall), but upstart SpaceX’s system is cheaper and doesn’t rely on imported Russian parts.
François Hollande’s government barely survived. The French president’s new cabinet narrowly won a confidence vote in parliament, 269 to 244. But with abstentions and no-shows putting the result 20 votes short of an absolute majority (paywall), Hollande now lacks support for his planned pro-business policies.
Ukraine put its rebels on a longer leash. The country’s parliament gave  the separatist-controlled Donetsk and Luhansk regions “special status,” with temporary self-rule for three years, and granted amnesty to some of the rebels. Ukraine also ratified a trade agreement (the same one that sparked the crisis in the region last year) with the European Union.
Ebola is getting more US troops than ISIL. The US  will send 3,000 troops to West Africa in an effort to contain the outbreak. The plan also includes building 17 new healthcare facilities, training thousands of health workers, and opening an international command center in Liberia’s capital. China is also sending more medics to Sierra Leone to help with lab testing .
What currency trading scandal? In an attempt to pre-empt US and UK regulators’ probes into the alleged rigging of currency benchmarks , several big banks have  cut off their foreign-exchange dealers’ access to customer orders and online chat rooms, to make it tougher for dealers to collude, manipulate markets, and improperly use client information.
Quartz obsession interlude
Matt Phillips on the lost quarter-century of the American family. “Effectively, inflation-adjusted US median household incomes are still about 1% below where they were in 1989. That’s nearly 25 years ago. And median household incomes are still 9% below the all-time peak back in 1999, when they were $56,895… On the other hand, salaries on the high end of the spectrum have rebounded quite nicely.” Read more here .
Matters of debate
Credit may not drive economic growth. It’s a widely-held truism but nobody has ever proved it .
Is the US at war in Iraq and Syria? Nobody’s sure, because American  leaders are hopelessly vague  both about what the US is doing and its justification.
Tips are no substitute for a living wage. Hotel staff shouldn’t have to rely on customer generosity .
Narendra Modi and Shinzo Abe are having a bromance. The two leaders are soulmates in a way not seen since Ronald Reagan and Margaret Thatcher .
Harvard Business School is ruining America. It’s responsible for the pay gap between CEOs and ordinary workers.
You can’t be as “happy as a clam.” Clams don’t have emotions, and even if they did, they’d have little to be happy about .
Surprising discoveries
Venezuela is running out of breast implants. In the latest symptom of the country’s economic crisis, doctors are turning to  cheap Chinese implants  of dubious quality.
Paid speechmaking is a massive business. Ex-president Bill Clinton made $106 million in 12 years at up to $700,000 for a speech.
What’s bigger than a giant squid? A colossal squid. The  second intact one ever found  weighed 350kg (770lb) .
North Korean journalists abroad have to file their stories by fax. They’re not allowed to access North Korean websites from South Korea.
Move over, Cronut.  The Creffle,  a cross between a Belgian waffle, French crepe, and Chinese eggette, is in town.
Samsung is making a “musicom.” The sitcom-with-music  isn’t the first of its kind for the company.
Our best wishes for a productive day. Please send any news, comments, Creffles, and $700,000 speeches to hi@qz.com . You can follow us on Twitter here for updates throughout the day.
Sign up for the Quartz Daily Brief  here , tailored for morning delivery in Asia, Europe & Africa, and the Americas.
Share this:

BJPs defeated blame their MPsIn bypolls marked by his pitch against “love jihad”, chief campaigner Yogi Adityanath disowned responsibility for the defeats.
Written by Lalmani Verma | Lucknow | Posted: September 17, 2014 1:19 am | Updated: September 17, 2014 11:33 am
Uttar Pradesh SP 8 (+8), BJP 3 (-7)
A number of defeated BJP candidates in UP have blamed their local MPs who had vacated those seats, apart from sabotage by denied ticket aspirants. The BJP surrendered seven of its 10 seats while its ally the Apna Dal conceded Rohaniya, part of Narendra Modi’s Lok Sabha constituency.
In bypolls marked by his pitch against “love jihad”, chief campaigner Yogi Adityanath disowned responsibility for the defeats. “Poll results depend on candidate selection, organisational structure and strategy. I was not involved in any of these; my responsibility was only campaigning,” he said. “The BJP won Lucknow East and Noida, where I campaigned, and could have won Thakurdwara and Nighasan too had I gone there.” He said his Hindutva and “love jihad” themes, in fact, helped the party. “If we could win Noida, Saharanpur and Lucknow East despite misuse of state government machinery, we could have won other seats too.”
Among candidates who blamed their MPs was Sirathu candidate Santosh Singh Patel. He alleged he had been “betrayed” and vowed to complain to the party leadership. “Senior local party leaders including MP Keshav Maurya worked against me. Bharwari Nagar panchayat chairman Sanjay Gupta and district vice-president Ajay Tripathi too campaigned against me.”
Geeta Singh finished third in Charkhari, vacated by Uma Bharti. “Geetaji is shocked and is not talking to the media,” said Dileep Kumar, her brother-in-law and a veteran party leader.  “Umaji developed Charkhari but local people were not happy because she never attended any local event or addressed any problems of locals,” he said. He said several party leaders including two zonal presidents who had responsibility for at least 42 polling booths did not cooperate, and 32 denied BJP ticket aspirants turned rebel.
Nighasan candidate Ram Kumar Verma said MLA-turned-MP Ajay Mishra “Teni” worked against him because the party had denied one of his relatives the ticket. “Ajay Mishra threatened party workers and mandal presidents, and asked them to campaign against me,” he said.
In Balha, Akshaibar Lal blamed MP Sadhvi Savitri Bai Phule. “Her supporters campaigned against me. The party had denied the ticket to her uncle.”
In Moradabad, district BJP president Satyapal Saini said MP Sarvesh Singh did not cooperate with Thakurdwara candidate Rajpal Singh Chauha because the party had denied the ticket to his son. He also alleged mismanagement. And in Hamirpur, Jagdish Prasad said, “Some local leaders did not support me. I will a send a report when the party top leadership reviews the results.”
The Bijnor candidate, Hemendra Pal, said he had been hoping Hindu votes would be polarised after Yogi’s rally there, but that did not happen. He felt he lost because continued…

J&K students had no money for food  landlords insisted on rentPolice on the campus on Tuesday. Two people were arrested a day after V-C’s office was vandalised.
Written by Milind Ghatwai | Bhopal | Posted: September 17, 2014 12:20 am
Vice-chancellor of Ujjain university Prof J L Kaul’s appeal to help students from flood-hit Jammu and Kashmir came in the wake of a visit by a group of anxious students who said they did not have money to eat but landlords were insisting on rent.
“I still don’t know what was wrong with what I said especially because the government has made similar appeal to help students,” Kaul told The Indian Express a day after his office was ransacked by VHP and Bajrang Dal workers who wanted him to withdraw the appeal.
“I thought they were students who had come to me for some problem related to education. I learned only later that they were carrying rods and other things. I can’t fathom why the incident took place,’’ said Kaul, who was discharged from a private hospital Tuesday.
On September 11, the higher education department wrote to all V-Cs asking them to provide relief to students from J&K. The circular asked the V-Cs to extend the deadline for payment of examination and other fees.
The police, however, made two arrests including that of VHP activist Ankit Choubey in connection with vandalism at Kaul’s office and have identified more than a dozen others amid allegations by teachers and staff that the police were not keen on going after the accused because they enjoyed patronage of the BJP.
Television footage and photographs carried by local newspapers clearly identify several activists involved in the attack. A local photographer said most of them were also involved in two recent scuffles with the police.
Ujjain SP Anurag said he had formed teams to search for the accused identified from television footage and photographs. The teachers and staff, who were on strike on Tuesday, accused a senior police officer of insisting that they should have named the accused in the FIR rather than expect the police to do so. The police officer argued that eyewitnesses either don’t name the accused in the FIR and when they do they turn hostile in the court.
About 70 students from J&K are pursuing their MPhil or PhD from the Vikram University. In January 2012, Sabir Ahmed, who was pursuing his MPhil in English, was shot at by two unidentified youth at a bus stand near the Ujjain district panchayat building. The 27-year-old had to be shifted to Indore for treatment because a bullet got lodged inside him. More than two-and-a-half years later, the police have made no headway in the case.

Nationals Clinch NL East With Win Over Bravesnationals clinch nl east with win over braves
PBoC stimulus report sparks rallyAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Nifty seen opening higher; may reclaim 7950 levelsGEPL Capital
(Tracking the momentum,…)
NEW DELHI: The 50-share Nifty index is expected to open higher on Wednesday following positive trend seen in other Asian markets . Tracking the momentum, the index is expected to reclaim its crucial psychological support level of 7,950.
At 07:30 a.m., Nifty India stock futures in Singapore were trading 51.50 points higher at 7995.50 indicating gap-up opening on the domestic market.
Nifty ended the day with a loss of 109 points at 7932, while the BSE Sensex cracked 324 points to 26492.51 on Tuesday.
"We witnessed a severe decline since Nifty broke 8040 on Monday and it is now close to an immediate support of 7920. Over the next few sessions it becomes important to observe whether 7920 and below that 7820 are held as a support or not," GEPL Capital said in a report.
"If 7920 is respected as a support then we may witness a bounce back but Nifty may now face stiff resistance in the range of 8050 to 8100," added the report.
If however, 7920 is also breached then the next vital support and the trend reversal level for the present advance is placed at 7820, say analysts.
Any decline that breaches even the support of 7820 should be approached with extreme caution as a breach of the same can induce a severe sell off in coming weeks, they say.
Overnight, US stocks rose and the S&P notched its best performance in a month after a report shifted investor expectations for the Federal Reserve's policy statement due on Wednesday.
"The Fed began its two-day policy meeting on Tuesday, and while it has said it doesn't expect to raise rates until 2015, recent strong economic data has led Fed officials to acknowledge they may need to move sooner than they previously anticipated," Reuters reported.
The Dow Jones industrial average gained 100.83 points, or 0.59 percent, to 17,131.97, the S&P 500 rose 14.85 points, or 0.75 percent, to 1,998.98 and the Nasdaq Composite added 33.86 points, or 0.75 per cent, to 4,552.76.
Asian shares were trading higher. Japan's Nikkei 225 index which was trading 0.18 per cent higher at 15,939 and Hong Kong's Hang Seng index was trading 1.01 per cent higher at 24,379.
South Korea's Kospi index was trading 0.64 per cent higher at 2,056 and China's Shanghai index was trading 0.03 per cent lower at 2,295.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Renault and Bollor bet on green carsRenault and Bolloré bet on electric cars
By Michael Stothard in Paris
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/65e3df04-382d-11e4-b69d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Renault boosted by low-cost Dacia brand© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d2d9bd96-16e9-11e4-8617-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Just ahead of Xi visit  India-Vietnam deal on Chinas mindGrand welcome for Chinese president Xi in Modi's Ahmedabad, 3 MoUs signed
“We have noted President’s (Pranab Mukherjee’s) visit to Vietnam. I would like to point out that China has indisputable sovereignty over Nansha islands (in the South China Sea, which Vietnam calls Paracel islands) and adjacent waters,” Hong Lei, foreign ministry spokesperson said on Tuesday.
“We hold no objection to legitimate and lawful agreement between Vietnam and a third country. But one thing is to be clear. If such agreement involves waters administered by China or if such cooperation project is not approved by the Chinese government, then we will be concerned,” Hong said.
During Mukherjee’s visit to Hanoi, India and Vietnam signed seven pacts including a letter of intent (LoI) between ONGC Videsh Limited (OVL) and Vietnam Oil and Gas Group (PetroVietnam).
Read: India says boundary issue will be discussed during Xi's visit
The LoI is aimed at further consolidating cooperation between India and Vietnam in energy sector.
Hong clarified to Indian media later that this is China’s stand about oil exploration agreements between Vietnam and any third country.
On recent reports of Chinese incursions into Indian territory, Hong said China’s position was consistent, meaning that Chinese have patrolled or worked on their side of the perceived Line of Actual Control and have never crossed over.

Pakistani Islamists use floods to turn opinion against IndiaHafiz Saeed uses floods to turn opinion against India
Reuters
Multan, Pakistan, September 17, 2014
First Published: 08:23 IST(17/9/2014)
print
Hafiz Saeed, widely considered one of South Asia's most dangerous militants, has no doubt who is to blame for devastating floods that have submerged swathes of Pakistani countryside and claimed hundreds of lives.
"India irrigates its deserts and dumps extra water on Pakistan without any warning," Saeed told Reuters, as he surveyed a vast expanse of muddy water from a rescue boat just outside the central city of Multan.
"If we don't stop India now, Pakistan will continue to face this danger."
Saeed is suspected of helping mastermind the 2008 Mumbai massacre which killed 166 people, a few of them Americans. He also has a $10 million US bounty on his head but denies involvement.
But his presence in the flood-hit area is part of a push by Pakistani Islamists, militants and organisations linked to them to fill the vacuum left by struggling local authorities and turn people against a neighbour long viewed with deep mistrust.
Water is an emotive issue in Pakistan, whose rapidly rising population depends on snow-fed Himalayan rivers for everything from drinking water to agriculture.
Many Pakistanis believe that rival India uses its upstream dams to manipulate how much water flows down to Pakistani wheat and cotton fields, with some describing it as a "water bomb" designed to weaken its neighbour.
There is no evidence to prove that, and India has long dismissed such accusations as nonsense. Experts say this month's floods, which also hit India's part of the disputed Kashmir region, were caused by the sheer volume of rainfall.
In fact, some Pakistanis accuse their own government of failing to invest in dams and other infrastructure needed to regulate water levels through wet and dry seasons.
But others agree with the narrative pushed by Saeed and Syed Salahuddin, head of the militant anti-Indian Hizbul Mujahideen group and also one of India's most wanted men.
"India wants to turn Pakistan into an arid desert," Salahuddin told Reuters in a telephone interview, describing another scenario feared by some Pakistanis - that India will cut off supplies of water in times of shortage.
"If this continues, a new Jihad will begin. Our fighters and all of Pakistan's fighters are ready to avenge Indian brutality in whatever form."
Charity brings food, ideology
Saeed's charity, Jamaat-ud-Dawa (JuD), has sent hundreds of workers to areas of Pakistan worst affected by the floods, where they distribute food and medicine at the same time as spreading the organisation's hardline ideology against India.
JuD is believed by many experts to be a front for Lashkar-e-Taiba, the militant group which India says carried out the Mumbai attack. Saeed was a co-founder of Lashkar-e-Taiba, but he has played down his links to the group in recent years.
"This is a premeditated plan by India to make Pakistan suffer," Abdur Rauf, who has worked as a JuD volunteer for 16 years, told Reuters, as he prepared to distribute medicine and syringes at a relief camp near Multan.
"Don't be fooled. This water bomb is no different from the atom bomb. It's worse."
Officials in India's water resources ministry this week declined to respond to charges of "water terrorism", saying they were being stoked by militants, not the Pakistani government.
Much of the Indian-held side of Kashmir has also been hit by flooding, the worst in that region for more than a century, and officials have put the death toll there at more than 200.
However, in a country rife with conspiracy theories, large numbers of Pakistanis buy into the idea of sabotage.
"This is not a mistake: this is a deliberate act to destroy Pakistan and make its people suffer," said Syed Ali, a farmer, as he looked forlornly at the murky waters covering his village of Sher Shah in central Pakistan.
Disagreement over how to share the waters of the Indus river, which flows from India into Pakistan, has dogged the nuclear-armed rivals since independence in 1947.
The neighbours have fought two of their three wars over the disputed Himalayan territory of Kashmir and observers are worried that the next conflict could be over water.
Claims are 'downright absurd'
The lives of more than two million people were affected by this month's floods in Pakistan, and more than 300 were killed.
Some are critical of their own government, saying the mass devastation caused by the latest floods was a result of Pakistan's own inefficiencies.
"Some people will say India released the waters," Yousaf Raza Gillani, a former Pakistani prime minister, told Reuters.
"But my question is: even if there was a timely warning from India that this was about to happen, would we have heeded it? Would this government have taken the right steps? I doubt it."
Husain Haqqani, a former Pakistan ambassador to the United States and now a director at the Hudson Institute in Washington DC, said that water issues are being exploited to keep relations between the two countries tense.
"The Pakistani militants' claims about floods in Pakistan being the result of India releasing torrents of water are downright absurd," he said.
"It is part of propaganda rooted in the belief that Pakistanis must be made to see India as their permanent enemy. Blaming India also covers up for Pakistan's own failure in water management."
Climate change
Disputes over water-sharing are a global phenomenon, stoked by rapidly growing populations and increasingly unpredictable climate patterns.
In South Asia, home to a fifth of humanity, the problem is particularly acute.
"Regional flooding in South Asia is certainly linked to climate change effects. In recent years there has been major glacial recession on Pakistani mountains, and monsoon rains have been unusually and even unprecedentedly intense," said Michael Kugelman at the Woodrow Wilson International Center.
"At the same time, I'd argue that ... human-made actions are making things even worse. Deforestation in Pakistan, for example, has caused floodwaters to rage even more," he said.
The region's three major rivers - the Indus, the Ganges and the Brahmaputra - sustain both countries' breadbasket states and many of their major cities, including New Delhi and Islamabad.
In Pakistan, agriculture contributes to about a quarter of its gross domestic product, and the country still relies on a network of irrigation canals built by the British.
Hoping to resolve the issue once and for all, the two countries signed the Indus Water Treaty in 1960, but India's ambitious irrigation plans and construction of thousands of upstream dams continued to irk Pakistan.
India says its use of upstream water is strictly in line with the 1960 agreement.
According to a 2012 Indian government report, the country operates 4,846 dams in the region - a huge number compared with just a few dozen on the Pakistani side of the disputed border.
"We can't blame India for our own mistakes," said Malik Abdul Ghaffar Dogar, the ruling party lawmaker from Multan.
"We turn every dam project into a political deadlock and a stick to beat our political opponents with, but the truth is this country needs dams and it's just not building any."

Attack on Ujjain University VC a  Talibani act   says CongressComments
Congress on Tuesday condemned the attack on Vikram University vice-chancellor (VC) Jawaharlal Kaul by a group of saffron activists and said their behaviour was similar to Taliban's actions.
The Congress said it is shameful that in the city of Rishi Sandipani, renowned across the world for its traditions and culture, has witnessed the ugly incident where a vice-chancellor has been beaten up.
Pradesh Congress Committee (PCC) president Arun Yadav termed it an unpardonable act. Yadav said that while chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan recently told the police to act fearlessly against the criminals and hooligans, the incident in Ujjain shows that there is no fear among such elements in the state.
The party questioned the law-and-order situation in the state and has demanded stern action against the perpetrators of the act.
It has asked how the Bajrang Dal and VHP could go to the extent of beating up a teacher, especially, within days of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Teacher's Day speech. The Congress has also demanded security for students hailing from Jammu & Kashmir, who are living and studying in the state.

Teacher recruitment at 6 AIIMS under cloudA central inquiry committee has found major lapses in the recruitment of teachers for the six new AIIMS set up in different parts of the country, holding the director of AIIMS Patna and a private firm responsible for the mess.
 
The health ministry panel discovered that a private firm was selected without open tendering and provided software that could be easily manipulated to favour candidates applying for teaching positions. The probe also revealed that at AIIMS Patna alone, 18 of the 69 people hired as faculty either had the wrong degree or lacked experience.
HT has accessed a copy of the report, which prompted the CBI last week to take up the case for further investigation. It also has copies of draft audit reports that highlight major financial irregularities in several of the six new institutes.
The committee – headed by Vikas Arya, a director in the health ministry -- was set up on May 15 by then health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad to inquire into the role of AIIMS Patna, responsible for recruiting the faculty for all six institutes.
The investigation said AIIMS Patna director Dr G K Singh was responsible for the recruitment mess and found “no tender process was done to hire a software/IT consulting firm” by him. When quizzed, “he gave completely misleading information”, the report added.
The firm – Netcellence Technologies & Sciences Pvt Ltd – was awarded the contract to process the 6,500 online applications for faculty positions at the six new AIIMS in Patna, Bhubaneshwar, Bhopal, Raipur, Rishikesh and Jodhpur.
“It is surprising that a work of this magnitude was awarded on the basis of quotation where even basic credentials of participating firms were not checked” said the inquiry report.
Investigations also found the software used for shortlisting candidates “could be easily manipulated to generate names to specific lists”.
Netcellence operates out of a tiny office at the Science & Technology Entrepreneurs Park (STEP) block of the JSS Academy of Technical Education in Noida. Its CEO Shishir Jain told HT that he won the project “on merit after a transparent and fair procedure and not due to favours by any government officer”.
The committee, however, suspected that the other three companies that bid for the contract were fronts for Netcellence. One of them, Career Age.Com, operates out of Jain’s residence, HT found.
“This is the office of Career Age.com. Shishir Jain was a member of this company earlier but isn’t running it. I run this company now,” said a lady, refusing to identify herself.
The probe also found some of the teachers recruited at AIIMS Patna got their PhD degrees much after being cleared by high-powered selection committees. For instance, a professor with a PhD degree in zoology was inducted into the department of anatomy and laboratory medicine. “If this is the case in just one institute, we are sure inquiries into others will show up many more,” a senior health ministry official told HT.
The health ministry has already issued a confidential memorandum against Singh, leveling twelve specific charges for various administrative and financial lapses.
Singh, however, is defiant. “All recruitments followed criteria laid down in the official advertisement approved by the health ministry. I was the nodal officer but all recruitments were conducted by high-powered selection committees and approved by the ministry. The problems highlighted in Patna will also apply to the other five institutes,” he said.

Express 5: Xi Jinping arrives today; BJP suffers worst setback in UP bypollsWe recommend that you go through these stories from The Indian Express before starting your day.
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 17, 2014 9:13 am | Updated: September 17, 2014 10:25 am
We recommend that you go through these stories from The Indian Express before starting your day:
1. The arrival of Chinese President Xi Jinping
As Chinese President Xi Jinping arrives in Ahmedabad on Wednesday with a bouquet of investment deals aimed at surpassing Japan’s $35 billion commitment, PM Modi on Tuesday set the stage for the bilateral talks, terming it “Inch towards Miles”.
READ: ‘Inch towards Miles’ is Modi mantra as Xi arrives today 
2. Setback in UP, leaders sulk
Four months after its stunning victory in the Lok Sabha elections, the BJP suffered a setback in the assembly bypolls on Thursday, losing 13 of the 23 seats held by it in Uttar Pradesh, Rajasthan and Gujarat.
READ: Worst setback in UP, leaders sulk: Wish we had Rajnath, Kalyan Singh 
3. Jammu and Kashmir Floods
A man with his daughter at the Government Bone and Joints Hospital in Srinagar . (Express photo by Shuaib Masoodi)
With the three major hospitals in Srinagar city remaining shut since the onslaught of floods, the Valley is on the brink of a healthcare crisis.
READ: Valley faces healthcare crisis
4. Opinion
In Uttar Pradesh, the results of the by-elections for 11 assembly seats and one Lok Sabha seat have proved to be dramatically different from those of May 2014.
READ: Uttar Pradesh lesson by Sudha Pai
5. Sports
Sprinter Dutee Chand, who had tested for excess androgen that made her ineligible to compete in the women’s category, has refused to undergo hormone therapy or any surgical intervention. READ: I am what I am, says sprinter Dutee , refuses hormone therapy by Vinayak Bhushan Padmadeo

Heres Looking at You  DeepikaPrint
The actor’s reaction is commendable. Her online reply reads: “Yes! I am a woman. I have breasts and a cleavage! You got a problem!?”
Written by Namrata Zakaria | New Delhi | Posted: September 17, 2014 6:45 am | Updated: September 17, 2014 12:50 pm
Is a woman’s body her own? Can she make choices that involve her physicality? Is she allowed self-expression though her clothes? Yes, say the fundamentals of fashion and grooming.  Women’s clothing is a multi-billion-dollar industry, run by serious men from big business schools. History, as far as the Indus Valley civilisation, has shown that women of yore enjoyed their dress-up.
But nay, says timesofindia.indiatimes.com. The same one that posts a top-shot of an actress in an anarkali-style salwar kameez for voyeuristic pleasure. It is no short of a visual molestation, where the actress must feel “complimented” if she has been subjected to lewdness.
The actor’s reaction is commendable. Her online reply reads: “Yes! I am a woman. I have breasts and a cleavage! You got a problem!?”
With that statement alone, Deepika Padukone joins a growing league of avant-garde women who use their clothing to push the idea of nakedness. Young women of the world today, extremely fashion-forward in their choices, are using their skin to self-embrace. Rihanna’s outing in a sheer dress at the CFDA awards in New York this June, without the coverings of her lingerie, is the most obvious statement-maker here. Other stars, such as Rita Ora, Selena Gomez, Kate Moss, even Sandra Bullock and Gwyneth Paltrow, are flaunting the ‘side-boob’ and ‘under-boob’ styles.
This is also why sheer clothing is suddenly on every fashion runway of the world. It is so interesting, and ironic, that clothing is celebrating a nudity of sorts. What started with the legendary Yves Saint Laurent and his sheer shirts of the ’70s, is now a leitmotif with every designer presenting a collection. Fendi is even doing sheer with shearling in gobsmackingly-delicious styles. Tom Ford’s Spring 2015 sheer dresses are unprintable. Priyanka Chopra, when promoting Gunday, wore a magnificent diaphanous skirt with large granny-pants for underwear — I don’t think I’ve ever wanted to commend her for her style except this time.
No one’s saying that Padukone aimed to create a talking point with a harmless low-cut salwar kameez. But even Hillary Clinton, in her role as USA’s Secretary of State, was derided for just a one-time hint of cleavage with her severe pant-suits. Ms Padukone is, after all, in the business of looking good, and those that are here are open to immense public scrutiny for their appearance.
This isn’t the first time Plain Jane Padukone, daughter of a national athlete craving to carve a name for herself among the glamorous, has had her clothes speak for her. As her character in Homi Adajania’s flawed but successful Cocktail, Padukone was the flawless one. From the gawk-eyed nervous wannabe arriviste that she was, Padukone metamorphosed into a confident strident woman, continued…
With an unabashed statement claiming proud ownership of her breasts, she also shows that she owns a thinking and questioning mind. The days when heroines refused to kiss onscreen but padded their bras to unnatural proportions just to titillate, are a thing of the past.

Cinema cant become an extension of marketingPrint
Kay Kay Menon’s character of lawyer in Haider deviates from the original King Claudius in Hamlet.
Written by Sankhayan Ghosh | New Delhi | Posted: September 17, 2014 6:40 am | Updated: September 17, 2014 12:41 pm
Kay Kay Menon talks about Vishal Bhardwaj’s Haider, his contemporaries and what bothers him about Hindi cinema.
Tell us about balancing commercial movies with the alternate roles that you have come to be known for.
In the 40-odd films I have done, 10 have a long shelf life. They can be seen even a decade from now, and you won’t cringe watching them. That is very satisfying. I believe that cinema is made for posterity and not for business over the opening weekend. I choose films on the basis of whether they have that quality to stand the test of time.
Before the recently released Raja Natwarlal, I acted in ABCD and Ankur Arora Murder Case. While the latter wasn’t promoted well, the former was a big hit. But people didn’t even know that I was in the film until they saw it. There are films I do for my bread and butter, and then there are those I do for my art. But I do both with equal honesty.
How did your role in Haider come about?
Vishal Bhardwaj and I have been threatening to work with each other for a long time. Haider is that threat come true. The character of Khurram is very different from the original, he is no king like Claudius but is a small-time lawyer. We have kept it as rooted to the Kashmiri setting as possible where my character has a certain naivety and innocence about him. This is unlike the original Claudius. His love for Gertrude is also explored subtly. It is entrenched in a literary content and has the depth to it.
Tell us about Bombay Velvet and your other films.
In Bombay Velvet, I play Kulkarni, a cop with a fetish for old Hindi songs. It is based on a real story of a cop who was instrumental in setting up the crime branch in Mumbai. My character goes through the politics of a time when land was being reclaimed for the city. The character is like the one I played in Black Friday and Shaurya, not central but impactful. Another film I am looking forward to is Saat Uchakkey where Manoj Bajpayee and I are the protagonists. It’s a heist comedy set in Delhi 6. I also play the villain in Akshay Kumar-starrer Baby.
You hold an MBA and you used to work in advertising. What drove you towards acting?
I was heading this corporate filmmaking company when I asked myself one day ‘why am I a dissatisfied man?’ I realised I really can’t put my emotions into a Coke bottle, I need to connect with human beings, not brands. I have been a part of theatre all my life, ever since I played a sunflower in a school play when I was nine. I realised continued…
In the 40-odd films I have done, 10 have a long shelf life. They can be seen even a decade from now, and you won’t cringe watching them.

Results reflect peoples anger over Modis unkept promises  says Gujarat Cong chiefNarendra Modi
Express News Service | Ahmedabad | Posted: September 17, 2014 6:27 am | Updated: September 17, 2014 7:32 am
Welcoming the bypoll results, an upbeat state Congress said on Tuesday that it indicated change in the mood of people who were misled earlier by Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s propaganda. The Congress has wrested three assembly seats of Deesa, Mangrol and Khambhaliya. Two of these seats have been with the BJP since 2007 and one since 2002. The BJP, however, retained six Assembly seats and Vadodara Lok Sabha seat.
State Congress president Arjun Modhwadia said that Congress had also improved its position in other seats as BJP’s victory margin had gone down. Stating that the results indicated “anger of the people against Modi’s false promises,” he said that Modi had neither curbed inflation, nor been able to deal sternly with Pakistan and China which he promised in his rhetoric during the 2014 General Elections. Modi had accused Congress-led UPA government of being “soft” on Pakistan and China.
He alleged that while Pakistan had made 49 ceasefire violations on the Line of Control in J&K, China had committed 323 ceasefire violations since Modi became the PM. “China has also forcibly taken over 24 kilometres of Indian territory in Leh area and Chinese forces have laid siege to over 100 Indian troops in Leh sector for the last two days while Modi is in Ahmedabad to welcome Chinese President,” Modhwadia said.
The Leader of Opposition in the state Assembly, Shankersinh Vaghela, said that Modi had promised to take revenge for the beheading of Indian soldiers by Pakitan and teach a lesson to China. “But Modi government has badly failed to fulfill these promises,” said Vaghela. “The results reflected the anger of people against Modi’s failure to fulfill the promises,” he added.
Senior party leader and MLA from Abdasa, Shaktisinh Gohil, said that Chief Minister Anandiben Patel had appealed to the voters to ensure the victory of BJP candidates in the nine Assembly seats and Vadodara Lok Sabha seat as a birthday gift to Modi.  “Her appeal was an insult to democracy and the voters have given a fitting reply by rejecting the BJP candidates in three seats, reducing the victory margin in other seats,” said Gohil.
On some BJP leaders not holding Modi responsible for BJP’s poor performance in bypolls, Gohil, who is also the national spokesperson of the Congress from Gujarat, said: “If victory in Delhi University Student Union polls can be attributed to Modi’s political charisma, Modi should also be held responsible for the party’s poor performance in the bypolls.”

Kochi Metro to be expanded to Kakkanad in phase 1Updated: September 17, 2014 09:15 IST
Kochi Metro to be expanded to Kakkanad in phase 1
Hiran Unnikrishnan
Tweet
A decision in this regard was taken during the 18th meeting of board of directors of the Kochi Metro Rail Limited (KMRL), held in New Delhi on Tuesday.
The proposed extension of the Kochi Metro Rail towards Infopark in Kakkanad will be taken up in the first phase itself.
A decision in this regard was taken during the 18th meeting of board of directors of the Kochi Metro Rail Limited (KMRL), held in New Delhi on Tuesday. The meeting also approved the Detailed Project Report for the extension of the metro system from the Jawaharlal Nehru stadium in Kaloor to Infopark via Kakkanad for a distance of 11.17 km at an estimated cost of Rs 1,600 crore.
According to KMRL, early completion of this extension would help improve the viability of phase-I. The extension of the metro to Kakkanad and Nedumbassery was originally envisaged to be taken up as part of the second phase of works.
Earlier in August, Union Minister for Urban Development M. Venkaiah Naidu had said that the government was inclined to provide all assistance to the extension of the metro rail to Kochi airport and Kakkanad.
The board meeting, chaired by Shankar Aggarwal, Secretary, Ministry of Urban Development, also approved the report on Rehabilitation and Resettlement Policy and the R & R package for the project. The package, to be available for 332 families, will be implemented at a cost of Rs. 25 crore.
The policy has been prepared generally in accordance with the requirements of Land Acquisition Rehabilitation and Resettlement Act (LARRA) and the social safeguard guidelines of the funding agencies.
It also envisages extending the benefits of LARRA to all the Project Affected Persons, including those evicted before this year.
Besides, the board also approved the report on Environment Impact Assessment (EIA) undertaken by Senes Consultants Private Limited and implementation of the Environment Management and Monitoring Plan. The cost of implementation is estimated to be around Rs. 2.17 crore, which comprises Rs. 1.67 crore as one-time cost towards open space development and greening along with a recurring cost of Rs. 50 lakh.
The board also approved the proposal to improve and strengthen the city roads at a cost of Rs 31.10 crore. It also took note of the induction of three new members in the board - V K Jain, Additional Member (Works), Railways; K.M. Abraham, Additional Chief Secretary (Finance); and Narasim Prasad, Director of Systems, Chennai Metro Rail Limited.

 Asia Shares Rise on Fed  China Policy SpeculationYou are here: Home Market
Asia Shares Rise on Fed, China Policy Speculation
Reuters | Updated On: September 17, 2014 12:00 (IST)
Sensex, Nifty Hit Record; Banks Surge on Kotak-ING Deal
Sydney: Asian shares made guarded gains on Wednesday after Wall Street rebounded on speculation the Federal Reserve would maintain a pledge on low rates when a two-day policy meeting ends later in the session.
The Dow hit a fresh record while the US dollar took a knock after the Wall Street Journal's Fed watcher Jon Hilsenrath said the central bank would keep the words "considerable time" in its policy statement, though it might qualify them.
The phrase has become a touchstone in markets for when the Fed might start raising interest rates and dropping it would be taken as a hawkish step.
Dealers said commodities were also boosted by reports that China's central bank would provide 500 billion yuan in short-term funding to the country's top five banks.
China's money rates opened sharply lower on the reports, which fuelled market hopes Beijing was ready to add more stimulus given recent weakness in housing, imports and industrial output.
Shares in Hong Kong bounced 1 per cent, while the CSI300 index of the leading Shanghai and Shenzhen A-share listings eked out a 0.2 per cent rise.
South Korea gained 0.7 per cent but Tokyo's Nikkei ended marginally in the red. MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan rallied 0.6 per cent after a run of losses.
In Europe, spreadbetters expected opening gains of between 0.2 per cent and 0.5 per cent for the FTSE 100, DAX and CAC 40.
Wall Street had ended Tuesday strongly in the wake of the Fed talk, with the Dow gaining 0.59 per cent, the S&P 500 0.75 per cent and the Nasdaq 0.75 per cent.
Bond investors were more guarded and yields on two-year Treasury debt dipped a slim 2 basis points to 0.54 per cent. The benchmark 10-year Treasury note was barely moved at 2.587 per cent.
Currencies were briefly ruffled with the US dollar losing a little of its recent gains. The dollar index eased back to 84.124, from a 84.372 top on Tuesday.
The dollar hovered at 107.24 yen from 107.34, while the euro inched up to $1.2950 from a trough of $1.2921.
Sterling continued to be shoved around as opinion polls showed the vote on Scottish independence was too close to call.
Three surveys - from pollsters ICM, Opinium and Survation - showed support for Scottish independence at 48 percent compared to 52 percent backing union.
The pound flew from $1.6163 to $1.6306 on Tuesday, before steadying at $1.6279 in Asia.
In commodities, copper futures firmed 0.4 per cent aided by the report on Chinese banks and the slight dip in the dollar. Spot gold was a shade firmer at $1,236.79 an ounce.
Oil prices eased a touch after bouncing on Tuesday as speculation grew of a supply cut from OPEC.
Brent crude was off 10 cents at $98.95 per barrel, while US crude futures fell 11 cents to $94.77.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Nifty likely to open gap up: ICICIdirectLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nifty likely to open gap up: ICICIdirect
According to ICICIdirect, the Nifty is likely to open gap up on the back of strong global cues. It is likely to trade in the range of 7950-8050.
Post your opinion here
 
ICICIdirect's derivative report:
Post a negative start, the follow-up selling continued with midcap and smallcap index taking the heat. The index finally ended below the highest put base losing 109 points. The Nifty future premium increased and settled at 28 points. India VIX remained almost flat and settled at 13.28.
 
FIIs sold Rs 829 crore while DIIs also bought Rs 466 crore in the cash segment. FIIs sold Rs 163 crore in index futures and bought Rs 1077 crore in index options. In stock futures, they sold Rs 30 crore.
 
The highest Put base is at the 8000 strike with 63.80 lakh shares while the highest Call base is at the 8200 strike with 72.73 lakh shares. The 8000 and 8100 Calls witnessed addition of 21.36 and 8.15 lakh shares, respectively. The 8000 and 8100 Put strikes saw reduction of 10.21 and 10.24 lakh shares, respectively.
 
The Nifty is likely to open gap up on the back of strong global cues. It is likely to trade in the range of 7950-8050. The trading strategy would be to create shorts near 8030-8035 for targets of 8000 and 7980. On the other hand, one can enter longs if the index finds support near 7950 levels.
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
RELATED NEWS

This is how you make money. lot of them. see i am showing you live :-)New Member
7 Followers
Dear it is a tool in the world of computers hacking...First thing is bull is more powerful second is fiis still long..FED must be positive due dow green ..third nifty support is 7450 as long as 7450 is support look for 8300-8500-9100-9500 ..next month could be bearish...macd is positive..phir bhi any thing can happen..play safe..
8.03 PM Sep 17th

2day also hdil is weak @or above 87 may come down do not go lng till 8...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Buy sunpharma only and only above 810 for a target of 840 and even mor...Platinum Member
131 Followers
Buy sunpharma only and only above 810 for a target of 840 and even more. Stop loss 793. Time frame 1 to 3 trading days
9.28 AM Sep 17th

Indian rupee seen opening lower against US dollarE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Samsung unpacks Galaxy Note 4  Note Edge  Gear S at IFA 2014 BerlinSamsung unpacks Galaxy Note 4, Note Edge, Gear S at IFA 2014 Berlin
Produced by Andrew ClaranceUpdated: September 4, 2014 9:38 pm
Related

Imposition of anti dumping duty will kill mission: GoyalGoyal defends not imposing anti-dumping duty on solar panels
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 11, 2014  | 18:02 IST
Photo: Reuters
Defending government's decision not to impose anti-dumping duty on solar panels, Power Minister Piyush Goyal on Thursday said domestic gear makers had 'suo-moto' withdrawn their demand for such a levy.
"It was a catch 22 situation for our government, we had ambitious plans in the solar power sector. Imposition of anti-dumping duty will kill the solar mission. Imposition of any such duty would have led to escalation in the tariff from solar plants," Goyal said at the ACMA national conference.
Government has scarce resources and also the customer is not going to pay higher prices for a product which is not economical, he said.
He said domestic manufacturers had 'suo-moto' withdrawn their plea for such a duty.
Imports were necessary as the domestic manufacturing had not scaled up to a level wherein it could provide the required number for the solar mission, the Minister said.
"We ensured within the framework of WTO to provide adequate support to not only fulfil the current manufacturing potential but also plan for a five year significant ramp up from what they (domestic manufactures) have now, " Goyal added.
The Minister had earlier said domestic solar equipment manufacturing capacity of 700-800 MW is not sufficient to meet the government's ambitious plans of adding more power generation capacity through renewable energy sources.
Ministry for Road Transport and Highways Nitin Gadkari had written to Commerce Minister Nirmala Sitharaman opposing plan to levy anti-dumping duty on the items, saying this would escalate the cost of solar power in the country.
The country's current installed solar capacity exceeds 2,600 MW.
Earlier in May, the Ministry of Commerce under the UPA regime had recommended imposing a restrictive duty in the range of $0.11-0.81 per watt on solar cells imported from the US, China, Malaysia and Chinese Taipei in a move to protect the struggling domestic industry.
The recommendations were against the backdrop of US dragging India to the WTO (World Trade Organisation) with respect to domestic sourcing norms for the national solar mission.
India is of the view that its solar mission - which aims to have 20,000 MW solar capacity by 2022 - is compliant with WTO rules.

Top 5 Sensex companies lose Rs. 36 971.61 crore from market capNew Delhi, September 14, 2014
Updated: September 14, 2014 11:07 IST
Top 5 Sensex companies lose Rs. 36,971.61 crore from market cap
PTI
market and exchange
The market valuation of top five Sensex companies fell by Rs. 36,971.61 crore last week, with ONGC and Sun Pharma being the worst hit.
While ONGC, RIL, CIL, Infosys and Sun Pharma saw losses in their market capitalisation (m-cap), TCS, ITC, HDFC Bank, SBI and ICICI Bank witnessed gains.
The m-cap of ONGC plunged Rs. 11,421.58 crore to Rs. 3,67,158.86 crore, while Sun Pharma lost Rs. 10,749.03 crore to Rs. 1,66,910.28 crore from its valuation.
Coal India’s value dipped Rs. 8,400.77 crore at Rs. 2,26,094.26 crore; Infosys (Rs. 3,327.7 crore at Rs. 2,10,879.62 crore) and RIL (Rs. 3,072.53 crore at Rs. 3,28,501.95 crore).
On the other hand, the m-cap of SBI surged Rs. 8,227.23 crore to reach Rs. 1,96,020.23 crore, while ITC added Rs. 4,421.88 crore to touch Rs. 2,83,518.18 crore.
ICICI Bank’s market valuation rose by Rs. 1,943.15 crore at Rs. 1,81,069.22 crore, TCS (Rs. 1,733.47 crore at Rs. 5,10,415.13 crore) and HDFC Bank (Rs. 1,677.83 crore at Rs. 2,06,458.39 crore).
In the ranking of top-10 firms, TCS stood at number position followed by ONGC, RIL, ITC, CIL, Infosys, HDFC Bank, SBI, ICICI Bank and Sun Pharma.
Over the past week, the BSE benchmark Sensex gained 34.34 points to close at 27,061.04.

Ford launches refreshed FigoNEW DELHI, September 15, 2014
Updated: September 16, 2014 19:01 IST
Ford launches refreshed Figo
hatchbacks
The car is priced between Rs.3.87 lakh and Rs.5.14 lakh for petrol variant, and Rs.4.83 lakh and Rs.6.09 lakh for the diesel option (ex-showroom Delhi).
Ahead of the upcoming festival season, Ford India, has launched a refreshed version of Ford Figo. The car is priced between Rs.3.87 lakh and Rs.5.14 lakh for petrol variant, and Rs.4.83 lakh and Rs.6.09 lakh for the diesel option. All prices are ex-showroom Delhi.
The new-look Ford Figo would have smoky stealth finish exterior styling elements, including 14-inch alloy wheels, fog lamp bezels and rear bumper valance, the company said, adding the range would also continue to offer a two-year or one lakh km warranty.

Microsoft buys MinecraftMicrosoft buys Minecraft for $2.5 billion
By Jose Pagliery   @Jose_Pagliery September 15, 2014: 2:48 PM ET
 
What is Minecraft?
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Microsoft is expanding its video game empire, buying the wildly popular Minecraft and the tiny production studio that designed it for $2.5 billion.
With Minecraft, Microsoft will be acquiring one of the most popular games ever. Minecraft has been downloaded more than 100 million times since it launched in 2009.
Minecraft is an online video game that mixes Lego-like building blocks with the endearing low-fi of 8-bit graphics -- all while getting chased by monsters. It gives players ("miners") a world where they can explore endlessly and build just about anything from scratch . It's alchemy with a virtual pickaxe.
If it seems low-end, that's because it is. The game was initially developed by a single man: Markus Persson, who launched Mojang studio.
Microsoft ( MSFT , Tech30 ) said it reached an agreement with Minecraft's Swedish game developer Mojang to buy the company sometime later this year. The deal had been rumored for a week prior to its announcement.
Related news: How 'Minecraft' became an Xbox blockbuster
The news was well-received by industry analysts, who say Microsoft is smart to adopt the massive community of loyal Minecraft fans.
Al Hilwa, a software analyst with market advisory firm IDC, compared the Minecraft deal to Apple's ( AAPL , Tech30 ) acquisition of Beats and Amazon ( AMZN , Tech30 ) buying Twitch . It's a battle for customers by expanding beyond the company's typical, core business.
Plus, Microsoft can make this giant deal tax-free by using cash it keeps overseas, noted Daniel Ives at FBR Capital Markets.
U.S.-based multinational corporations like Microsoft often keep lots of profit outside the United States, because bringing it back home would force them to pay taxes. Ives estimates that roughly 90% of Microsoft's $86 billion in cash is kept abroad.
Mojang is based in Stockholm, so Microsoft can keep the Uncle Sam out of the loop.
 
EA investors mad for Madden
But buying Minecraft won't give Microsoft the brains behind the creation. On Monday, Larsson wrote a public letter saying he's leaving Mojang as soon as he signs the deal. Now that a major corporation is involved and Minecraft has gone mainstream, it's all too much for him.
"I make games because it's fun... but I don't make games with the intention of them becoming huge hits," he wrote. "I'm not an entrepreneur. I'm not a CEO. I'm a nerdy computer programmer who likes to have opinions on Twitter."
If Microsoft is buying Minecraft to pump out hit games, the odds are stacked against it. The video game world is full of one-hit wonders.
Angry Birds was a sensation that Rovio hasn't been able to replicate, and the company ended 2013 with a 50% drop in net profit. Rovio is dumping its CEO in January to try to turn things around.
Related news: Football + FarmVille? Can Sports save Zynga?
Still, there's value in Minecraft's fan base alone, especially because it keeps growing. Between 2011 and 2012, the number of registered users grew from 14 million to 39 million. And it's more than double that number today.
The question now on fans' minds is whether a big company like Microsoft will let this independent, humble game maker roam freely and retain its unique flavor -- or suck the soul out of the studio.
That's what happened when Microsoft acquired Bungie, the makers of the multi-billion-dollar Halo franchise. And how did that end? They eventually split in 2007.
First Published: September 15, 2014: 9:48 AM ET
Most Popular

4M new iPhones sold on first dayApple sold 4 million iPhone 6 and 6 Plus in first day
By David Goldman   @DavidGoldmanCNN September 15, 2014: 10:03 AM ET
 
iPhone 6 or 6 Plus: Which should you buy?
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Apparently, a lot of people want the iPhone 6.
Apple sold a record 4 million iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus smartphones on Friday, the first day that the new iGadgets were available for pre-order, the company said Monday.
Demand for the new iPhones was so high that the iPhone 6 Plus sold out within hours. While many people who pre-ordered the iPhone 6 will get them this Friday, many others won't get their iPhones delivered until next month.
"Demand for the new iPhones exceeds the initial pre-order supply," Apple said in a statement. The company noted that an additional supply of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus smartphones will be made available to walk-in customers on Friday Sept. 19, beginning at 8:00 a.m. local time at Apple stores. People have already begun camping outside Apple Stores around the world to be among the first to get their hands on one of the new iPhones.
Related: Apple's Tim Cook on TV, Steve Jobs and the iPhone 6
This is the first year that Apple announced how many iPhones it sold in the first day -- rather than in the first weekend. A year ago, Apple said it sold 9 million iPhone 5S and 5C smartphones in the first weekend .
 
iPhone 6 or 6 Plus: Which should you buy?
But the numbers aren't exactly "apples to apples," pardon the pun. The iPhone 5S was not available for pre-order. Also, the iPhone 5S went on sale in China at the same time as as it hit store shelves in the United States.
This year, the iPhone 6 will not be available in China until at earliest October. China was not listed among the 30 countries that will get the iPhone this month.
First Published: September 15, 2014: 9:13 AM ET
Most Popular

CCI clears Kotak Bank s 15% stake buy in MCXCCI clears Kotak Mahindra Bank's 15% stake buy in MCX
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 16, 2014  | 11:33 IST
Kotak Mahindra Bank's proposed Rs 459 crore deal to acquire 15 per cent stake in commodity bourse MCX on Monday got the approval of fair trade regulator CCI, making the financial sector conglomerate a major player in exchange business.
According to the Competition Commission of India (CCI) the proposed deal "is not likely to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition in India".
On July 20, this year, Jignesh Shah-led Financial Technologies India Ltd (FTIL) had announced that it has signed an agreement to sell 15 per cent stake in MCX to Kotak Mahindra Bank for Rs 459 crore.
As mandatory, Kotak had approached CCI for its approval on August 1, 2014.
The Commission, in its order released today, observed that Kotak has 40 per cent equity interest in Ace Derivatives and Commodity Exchange (Ace) a national multi-commodity exchange.
This stake would have to further brought down to 15 per cent by the year 2019 in accordance with the Forward Market Commission (FMC) revised norms, CCI noted.
Besides, the fair trade watchdog also said "that neither Kotak nor any of its subsidiaries, affiliates or joint venture, either directly or indirectly, has any investment in any other commodity exchanges in India".
As per the details in the CCI order, post combination Kotak would hold 15 per cent non-controlling equity interest in MCX and as per the norms by FMC, the bank would not have any contractual right to appoint directors to the board of MCX, in proportion to its shareholding in the exchange.
FTIL originally held 26 per cent stake in MCX. The Jignesh Shah-led company is divesting stake in MCX after FMC had declared the company unfit to run any exchange in the wake of Rs 5,600 crore payment crisis at group company National Spot Exchange Ltd (NSEL).
The regulator had asked FTIL to reduce its stake in MCX to 2 per cent from 26 per cent.
Before the Kotak deal, FTIL had sold 6 per cent stake in MCX in two rounds for about Rs 220 crore, bringing down its shareholding to 20 per cent.
After the agreement with Kotak Mahindra bank to sell 15 per cent stake, FTIL would be left with 5 per cent stake in MCX.

Aravind Sitaraman quits Cisco after 18-year stintAravind Sitaraman quits Cisco after 18-year stint
SANGEETHA CHENGAPPA
Aravind Sitaraman
Bangalore, September 14:  
Aravind Sitaraman, President – Inclusive Growth, Cisco Systems, has ended his 18-year stint with Cisco and will leave the company on September 20.
Sitaraman said he plans to work with start-ups in Bangalore, Pune, Chennai and Hyderabad, and advise them on technology strategy.
“It is my fond hope that before I die, we can create the next Cisco, Microsoft, Facebook or Google out of India. I want to empower start-ups to be able to achieve technology excellence that can propel them into that space. I have been approached by start-ups across the country, who want me as their technology advisor and on their Board and I will be happy to start working with them,” Sitaraman told BusinessLine.
He will also be working with universities in Bangalore and Pune to create entrepreneurs and successful start-ups. “I will be working with the universities to try to create a unique model of entrepreneurship in India,” he said.
A computer scientist with over 29 years of experience, Sitaraman was one of Cisco Systems’ leading inventors, with 57 patents. As the Managing Director of the Cisco Development Organisation, he managed the company’s R&D activities in India from 2007-09.
He sponsored the Innovation Hub to incubate new technologies and in 2009, started the Emerging Countries Solutions and Services Business Unit.
He led Cisco India’s CSR efforts and launched several successful programmes, including ‘Feed-a-Child’ and ‘Adopt-a-School.’ He rehabilitated tsunami victims in South India, helped flood relief efforts in Karnataka in 2009, and became the Executive Sponsor for Project Samudaya, a volunteer-led programme to rehabilitate villages through technology and build 3,323 homes, one hospital and two schools.
In October 2010, he was appointed President, Inclusive Growth. Recognising his social contribution, the Karnataka Government conferred on him its highest civilian decoration, the Rajyotsava Award, in 2012. Sitaraman led a team of 15-20 engineers and sales staff in his role as President, Inclusive Growth.
Asked if the inclusive business unit was being disbanded, given the company’s moves to restructure operations, he said: “Not at all. Inclusive Growth will be absorbed under a different business unit and will continue its good work.” However, Sitaraman declined to say which business unit.
During the company’s earnings call last month, John Chambers, CEO of Cisco Systems, announced that FY15 will see restructuring actions that will impact up to 6,000 employees or about 8 per cent of Cisco’s global workforce.
(This article was published on September 14, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Ten signs that you have a wanderlustAll day I just think about the places I want to go to
Written by Suman Doogar | Posted: September 16, 2014 9:45 am | Updated: September 16, 2014 9:53 am
Last year during my summer holidays, I embarked upon my first solo travel. After many hitches and inhibitions, I finally decided to go solo and since then I have been traveling like a crazy woman obsessed with exploring new places.
All day I just think about the places I want to go to. I religiously devote at least 3 hours everyday browsing about exotic locations that may find place in my travel diary.
My obsession for travelling got me thinking. Is there any particular type of people who love travelling? Or are there any symptoms of addiction to wanderlust? I compiled some points that are common in people who share the love for travelling.
Let’s find out what they are:
1. You feel all jittery if you don’t travel anywhere in a few months. YES/NO
2. The channels marked on your T.V under favourite section are all travel channels. YES/NO
3. You start planning about your next trip as soon as you are back from one. YES/NO
4. You compare prices of things before buying them in terms of how much it will help you in your next trip, for e.g. “I can stay in Manali for two days instead of going out for a movie and popcorn over the weekend”. YES/NO
5. Your social network accounts are filled with travel related posts. YES/NO
6. You feel at ease at strange places and among strangers. YES/NO
7. Whenever you meet someone new you can’t stop talking a little about your recent trips. YES/NO
8. You follow random people on social networking sites to see their travel photos. YES/NO
9. You find it a turn off when someone you are dating doesn’t know where Bali/Bagota/Bahrain is. YES/NO
10. While your peer group is making down payments on cars/houses etc. you are buying your tickets to Cambodia/Vietnam/Spain. YES/NO
If you answered `Yes` to all the above mentioned statements, then you surely have a Wanderlust. Pack your bags and go explore the hidden treasures of the world.
Happy Travelling!!!

No oven Bake your cake in a pressure cookerPrint
Fruit cake in pressure cooker (Source: Sanghamitra Mazumdar)
Written by Sanghamitra Mazumdar | New Delhi | Posted: September 16, 2014 10:44 am | Updated: September 16, 2014 10:47 am
Electricity going off when your cake is sitting in the oven and is only half-way through can be one of the worst kitchen nightmares. I was in a similar situation last weekend and did panic initially. But I managed to avert a disaster with my good old pressure cooker coming to the rescue.
It was, in fact, a pressure cooker in which cake was baked for the first time almost three decades ago in my humble small-town home with no electric oven. It had been a little burnt from the bottom, with all the raisins failing to beat the gravitational force, and not fully done in the centre. But over time our pressure cooker had started dishing out perfect looking and great tasting cakes, until an OTG finally came into the picture.
We don’t need to actually “pressure cook” the cake, so there is no need to cover it with the usual lid. Just a normal metal or glass cover will do.
Here’s is the recipe for a basic fruit cake ‘baked’ in a pressure cooker.
The raw cake batter inside the pressure cooker (Source: Sanghamitra Mazumdar)
The cake once done, ready to be taken out (Source: Sanghamitra Mazumdar)
The cake — bottom side up. (Source: Sanghamitra Mazumdar)
Ingredients:

Rate cut only when inflation is under control  says RajanRate cut only when inflation is under control, says Rajan
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, September 15, 2014
First Published: 23:44 IST(15/9/2014) | Last Updated: 01:54 IST(16/9/2014)
Comments
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) governor Raghuram Rajan on Monday said India’s economic growth was uneven and there was still some “way to go” before “we are out of the woods”, and that the central bank would cut interest rates only when inflation is under control.
He pointed out that “we are reaching close to the initiation of interest rate increases in US,” which could be a “blessing or turmoil as exchange rate moves.” The euro zone and Japan were, however, unlikely to do so for a longer time, he added
India’s WPI inflation eased to 3.74% in August, its lowest level in nearly five years. “Inflation has come down. This is consistent with our forecast… Bottomline is that macro indicators are improving, but still have some way to go, before we can declare that we are out of the woods,” he said.
Rajan was alluding to data released on Friday that showed industrial production rose 0.5% in July from 3.9% growth in June.
Consumer durables production is yet to see any revival, he said, adding that the pickup in auto sales over the last few months and strengthening of monsoon were positive signs for a recovery ahead.
Consumer price index-based or retail inflation eased to 7.8% in August. The RBI has targeted to bring it down to 8% by January 2015 and 6% by January 2016.
Pointing to the recent dip in oil prices, the central bank governor called upon the
government to deregulate diesel prices. “Lower oil prices mean lower current account deficit and lower inflation. We need to take this moment to eliminate diesel
subsidies.”
Batting for greater autonomy to state-run lenders, Rajan said the government should look at them as “independent entities” that take their own commercial decisions. He also said that while it was fine for the government to involve banks to further social sector agenda, it should ensure that such schemes are financially feasible for the lenders.
Lauding the Prime Minister’s Jan Dhan Yojana as the biggest financial development, Rajan cautioned banks on the risks involved in just hunting for numbers. He also talked tough on public sector banks for outsourcing project evaluation instead of doing it in-house and called for better structuring and monitoring to identify and weed out “bad apples” and avoid past mistakes such as the Syndicate scam.

Will love to work with Shankar  says Arnold SchwarzeneggerArnold Schwarzenegger: Shankar is a great filmmaker. He comes up with superb special effects in his films.
Indo-Asian News Service | Chennai | Posted: September 16, 2014 12:17 pm
Hollywood star Arnold Schwarzenegger, who was here Monday as the chief guest for the audio launch of Tamil magnum opus ‘I’, said he would love to work with its director Shankar someday.
Schwarzenegger even gave the film an imaginary title ‘King Conan’, inspired from the film franchise ‘Conan the Barbarian’ and ‘Conan the Destroyer’.
“Shankar is a great filmmaker. He comes up with superb special effects in his films. I would love to work with him someday. Let’s make ‘King Conan’, Shankar,” Schwarzenegger told reporters.
The makers of the film organised a special bodybuilding act featuring a dozen local bodybuilders as a tribute to Arnold, who is a bodybuilding legend.
The ‘Terminator’ series star, who watched in awe, congratulated all of them. He was also happy that Shankar had featured them in the film.
Read: Arnold Schwarzenegger to meet Rajinikanth at ‘I’ audio launch today
“It’s great to see all this talent. It reminds me of my olden days. It’s wonderful that Shankar has given them a chance to star in the movie,” he said.
Actor Vikram plays a bodybuilder, who aspires to win Mr. Tamil Nadu title in ‘I’, which also features Amy Jackson and Upen Patel in important roles.

Nifty slips below 8000; banks  oil  auto stocks dragSep 16, 2014, 01.57 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Nifty slips below 8000; banks, oil, auto stocks drag
Oil, bank and auto stocks are dragging the indices. Axis Bank, ONGC, SBI, Tata Motors and Coal India are major laggards in the Sensex.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nifty slips below 8000; banks, oil, auto stocks drag
Oil, bank and auto stocks are dragging the indices. Axis Bank, ONGC, SBI, Tata Motors and Coal India are major laggards in the Sensex.
Post your opinion here
Moneycontrol Bureau
Live Market Commentary
1:50 pm PSUs to be shut? Government officials will meet on Tuesday to discuss proposals to shut down some loss-making state-owned companies, risking a conflict with powerful trade unions. After two decades of halting privatisations, the Central government still owns about 260 firms and thousands more at the state level, involved in activities ranging from generating nuclear power to making condoms.
Cabinet Secretary Ajit Seth has called a meeting of top officials to consider what to do with the 10 firms that make the biggest losses. They had a combined net loss of Rs 245 billion (USD 4 billion) in 2012/13. The list includes Bharat Sanchar Nigam, Mahanagar Telephone Nigam , Air India, Hindustan Photofilms and Hindustan Fertilisers Corporation, according to a note prepared by the Department of Public Enterprises.
1:40 pm Diesel deregulation: According to top level government sources one should not expect change in diesel prices till October 15, which is voting day in Maharashtra and Haryana. The government is also saying that because of the moral code of conduct they are not able to provide relief to the consumers reports CNBC-TV18 quoting sources. Moreover, there was expectation of cut in petrol prices to around Rs 2 per litre but the sources say that oil marketing companies (OMCs) refrained from cutting prices yesterday in their fortnightly review because while the Brent crude prices have come down, internationally there was not much changes in petrol prices, and if at all there was a change it would have been very miniscule. Also because of the moral code of conduct it was not warranted to revise petrol prices.
1:30 pm Market outlook: HSBC has turned neutral from underweight on India after the clear outcome of the Lok Sabha elections on May 16. According to Jitendra Sriram, MD and head of Research, HSBC India, the clear mandate with BJP coming to power is expected to turnaround India’s growth story.
He believes the catalysts are falling well in place for earnings recovery but the market may take a little breather now. Speaking to CNBC-TV18 from the sidelines of HSBC Global Connection Conference, Sriram says the industrial recovery is still some time away. He, however, believes the domestic mutual fund industry is seeing flows after many years of slump.
1:20 pm Buzzing: Shares of Cadila Healthcare rallied as much as 2.8 percent intraday on getting tentative USFDA approval for anti-diabetic drug.
"Zydus Cadila has received tentative approval from the US Food and Drug Administration (US FDA) to market (anti-diabetic drug) Glipizide extended release tablets in the strength of 2.5 mg, 5 mg and 10 mg," said the company in its filing.
The estimated sales in 2014 for Glipizide extended release tablets is USD 90.1 million, as per IMS.
The group now has 97 approvals and has so far filed 249 ANDAs since 2003-04, it added.
Don't miss: Venus Remedies slumps 15% post Crisil downgrade
The market is slipping further as investors are cautious on a possible hawkish shift in the US Federal Reserve's policy stance as the Fed begins a two-day policy meeting later in the day. The Nifty is down 53.45 points or 0.6 percent at 7988.55 and the Sensex slips 150 points at 26666.56. About 977 shares have advanced, 1824 shares declined, and 95 shares are unchanged.
Oil, bank and auto stocks are dragging the indices. Axis Bank, ONGC, SBI, Tata Motors and Coal India are major laggards in the Sensex. Both midcap and smallcaps are slaughtered, down 3 and 2 percent respectively. 
Britain promised to guarantee Scotland's high levels of state funding, granting Scots control over healthcare spending in a last-ditch attempt to shore up support for the United Kingdom before Thursday's vote on independence.
With polls showing the decision on the fate of the United Kingdom is too close to call, welfare spending and the future of Britain's revered National Health System have formed a central part of nationalist Alex Salmond's case for secession.
In a deal brokered by former Labour Prime Minister Gordon Brown, the leaders of Britain's three main political parties said they would retain the funding equation that sustains a higher level of public spending north of the border.
 

India May Be Among Top Exporters by 2030: HSBCE-Auction of Coal Blocks to Boost Investor Confidence: Report
New Delhi: India has the potential to become the world's fifth largest exporter of goods by 2030 in value terms, according to HSBC Trade Forecast.
The country has the potential to become an export hub for autos and it is well placed to further develop its textile industry, global financial services major HSBC said in a report.
This is despite the fact that India's near-term growth prospects remain lacklustre, with the economy likely to expand by 5.3 per cent in 2014 and 6.3 per cent in 2015 - well below the rapid growth rate of around 8 per cent a year in 2001-11.
"Despite struggling with a number of structural impediments to growth, prospects for medium-term growth in trade remain strong," the HSBC report said.
India's Trade Confidence Index increased from 126 in the second half of 2013 to 137 in the first half of 2014. In the near term, respondents see Europe as the most promising trading destination, pushing Asia into second position.
"The economic potential for India remains strong, with the growing population and rapidly expanding middle class - it presents opportunities for business. India is forecast to emerge as the world's largest middle class market, surpassing both China and US," HSBC India managing director and head-commercial banking Sandeep Uppal said.
The UAE is likely to remain India's top export destination by 2030, and China is forecast to emerge as the second largest export market, displacing the US.
Sector-wise, pharmaceuticals, transport equipment and textiles will help accelerate overall export growth. By 2021-30, pharmaceuticals exports are likely to emerge as one of the top ten contributors to total export growth.
India's pharma sector is relatively advanced and in a position to compete globally, the report said.
Major brand products in developed markets are undergoing patent expiration and Indian producers are ready to capitalize on a shift in spending towards generic alternatives, it added.
"While India is already well known for IT, in the medium term we foresee strong growth in pharmaceutical exports with auto as a sector to watch out for in the longer term," Mr Uppal added.
Story first published on: September 16, 2014 14:46 (IST)

Cadila Health up 3%  diabetic drug gets tentative USFDA nodSep 16, 2014, 02.23 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Cadila Health up 3%, diabetic drug gets tentative USFDA nod
"Zydus Cadila has received tentative approval from the US Food and Drug Administration (US FDA) to market (anti-diabetic drug) Glipizide extended release tablets in the strength of 2.5 mg, 5 mg and 10 mg," said the company in its filing.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Cadila Health up 3%, diabetic drug gets tentative USFDA nod
"Zydus Cadila has received tentative approval from the US Food and Drug Administration (US FDA) to market (anti-diabetic drug) Glipizide extended release tablets in the strength of 2.5 mg, 5 mg and 10 mg," said the company in its filing.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Cadila Healthcare rallied as much as 2.8 percent intraday Tuesday on getting tentative USFDA approval for anti-diabetic drug.
"Zydus Cadila has received tentative approval from the US Food and Drug Administration (US FDA) to market (anti-diabetic drug) Glipizide extended release tablets in the strength of 2.5 mg, 5 mg and 10 mg," said the company in its filing.
The estimated sales in 2014 for Glipizide extended release tablets is USD 90.1 million, as per IMS.
The group now has 97 approvals and has so far filed 249 ANDAs since 2003-04, it added.
Meanwhile, Zydus and Gilead on Monday signed a non-exclusive licensing agreement to manufacture breakthrough treatment for Hepatitis C.
The agreement will allow the company to manufacture sofosbuvir (approved under the trade name Sovaldi by USFDA in December 2013 and by the European Commission in January 2014) and the investigational single tablet regimen of ledipasvir/sofosbuvir for distribution in 90 developing countries.
At 13:13 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 1,292.40, up Rs 7.40, or 0.58 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Akshay turns underwater cameraperson for Dare 2 DanceLink
2 months ago, Starplus
For the first time ever on Indian television, the dance floor will be taken away from under their feet to newer heights and depths. Watch 'Dare 2 Dance' starts 6th Sept, Sat-Sun at 8.30 PM only on Life OK.
Latest News

Lupin down 4.5% despite partnership deal with Merck SeronoSep 16, 2014, 03.52 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Lupin down 4.5% despite partnership deal with Merck Serono
Lupin and Merck agreed not to release any financial details of the transaction. The day before, media reports had suggested that the deal might be more than USD 1.5 billion.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Lupin down 4.5% despite partnership deal with Merck Serono
Lupin and Merck agreed not to release any financial details of the transaction. The day before, media reports had suggested that the deal might be more than USD 1.5 billion.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Investors booked profits in  Lupin shares on Tuesday after the company finally announced much awaited partnership deal with Merck Serono. The stock fell as much as 4.5 percent intraday, may be because of deal cost not disclosed by the company. It had rallied 9 percent (in three sessions from Friday) to touch a record high of Rs 1,442.30 on the Bombay Stcok Exchange today.
The pharmaceutical company has entered into a long term strategic partnership with Merck Serono, the biopharmaceutical division of Merck. "Lupin will support Merck Serono in the implementation of the company’s general medicines portfolio expansion initiative in emerging markets thus addressing local needs for affordable, high quality medicines, it said in its filing.
According to the company, this deal could add up to 20 new products to the current portfolio. The first launches are expected in 2016, it added.
However, Lupin and Merck agreed not to release any financial details of the transaction. The day before, media reports had suggested that the deal might be more than USD 1.5 billion.
Through this partnership, Merck Serono will expand its overall portfolio in core therapeutic areas of Merck Serono´s General Medicine & Endocrinology franchise in selected countries in Latin America, Asia, Central Eastern Europe, and Africa.
"This strategic partnership builds on the existing close collaboration between two companies. We are delighted to enter into this alliance, which is an extension of existing partnership into a much larger, multi-regional one," said Vinod Dhawan, Group President, Asia Pacific, Africa, Middle East, & Latin America (AAMLA).
Lupin will develop products, provide product dossiers and supply finished products to Merck Serono. Merck Serono will be the marketing authorisation holder for the products, and will leverage its strong commercial and medical teams in emerging markets to bring new medicines in its portfolio to customers.
Both Lupin and Merck Serono aim to provide high quality, affordable medicines to patients in emerging markets through this alliance.
"Sales in the emerging market regions are one of the key growth drivers for Merck Serono amounting to close to euro 1.8 billion in 2013," said Merck Serono.
The stock closed at Rs 1,362.60, down Rs 51.40, or 3.64 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

India to receive $63.3 mn loan from ADBIndia to receive $63.3 million loan from ADB
IANS     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 16, 2014  | 17:35 IST
India on Tuesday signed a $63.3 million loan from the Asian Development Bank (ADB) for improving urban services in North Karnataka, the finance ministry said.
According to finance ministry, the agreement is for the fourth project under the overall facility of $270 million for the 'North Karnataka Urban Sector Investment Program'.
"The fourth and last tranche of the ADB loan under the program will help upgrade infrastructure, including expansion of the potable water systems to provide continuous water supply (24X7) with private sector participation in 12 towns," the ministry said.
Speaking on the occasion, Tarun Bajaj, joint secretary, department of economic affairs, ministry of finance in order to ensure adequate operation during initial years, water utility operators will be engaged through a performance based management contracts to provide metered connections.
"The program will support municipal governance program, leading to better municipal service through the use of geographic information systems for property tax mapping and utility mapping, as well as assist the government of Karnataka to establish a heritage planning cell under the town planning department, for conservation of heritage structures and sites in the state," Bajaj said.
The ministry added the complete investment program aims to improve basic urban services for at least 4.3 million people living in 25 North Karnataka towns by providing them with improved water supply, cleaner environmental conditions, safer and faster urban transportation, and other public facilities.

KPMG to Conduct Forensic Audit of UCX: FMCApple $450 Million E-book Settlement Gets Final Court Approval
New Delhi: The Forward Markets Commission (FMC) on Tuesday said auditing firm KPMG has been appointed to conduct a forensic audit of the Universal Commodity Exchange after it found that its promoter allegedly siphoned off funds from the exchange.
The auditing firm will submit a detailed report in 4-6 weeks. Meanwhile, the exchange has been directed to maintain the current cash balance of Rs 52.52 lakh intact in the settlement guarantee fund (SGF) and not to withdraw any amount without approval from the regulator, it said.
Commodity market regulator FMC has also directed UCX to convert other investments in optional convertible debentures (OCDs) and advances made out of the SGF fund into liquid assets immediately.
UCX is the country's sixth national level commodity bourse.
"The exchange on August 28, 2014, has engaged M/s KPMG as the forensic auditor to carry out the forensic audit at UCX. KPMG is likely to submit its report to the Commission in 4-6 weeks," FMC said in its latest report.
KPMG will do forensic investigation into "the serious charges and allegations of misappropriation of funds by the promoter of UCX since the inception of the exchange", it said.
A forensic auditing of UCX was ordered after taking into account preliminary findings on gross financial irregularities and diversion of funds from SDF and on the basis on feedback from the Board of Directors of the exchange, it added.
UCX is promoted by Commex Technologies chief Ketan Sheth, who owns 40 per cent stake in the exchange. He was not available for comment when contacted.
According to FMC, the exchange has submitted a report on the 'Status of Funds availability in SGF' giving details of member-wise refundable amounts to registered members and also the break-up of various outstanding expenditure pending at bourse level.
The regulator was informed "that the Promoter has paid Rs 1 crore from one of his group companies to the exchange".
FMC said it has directed UCX to maintain the cash balance of Rs 52.52 lakhs presently available in SGF intact and to convert other investments in OCD and advances made out of SGF fund into liquid assets immediately.
"The exchange has also been instructed to keep the Commission apprised of all its future receipts, from whatever source and not to withdraw any amount from such receipts without prior approval of the Commission," it added.
UCX, which was launched in April 2013, suspended trading in all commodities on July 19. It offered futures trading in oil seeds, pulses, crude oil and natural gas.
Currently, NCDEX, MCX, NMCE and ACE derivatives are the commodity exchanges that are active in the country.
Story first published on: September 16, 2014 18:13 (IST)

Efforts by Modi Government to Boost Realty Sector in Right Direction: CrisilE-Auction of Coal Blocks to Boost Investor Confidence: Report
Kochi: Efforts being taken by the Narendra Modi government to boost the real estate sector are in the right direction, a senior official of Crisil Ratings said.
"Efforts being taken by the government are in the right direction. However, it will take some time to get the desired results," Anurag Jhanwar, director of real estate ratings at Crisil, told reporters in Kochi.
Pointing out that the sector was largely unorganised, he said the ease of funding is not there. Of 100 files reaching banks, only five are approved. There are no set benchmarks or practices, he said.
He was speaking at a function after handing over the seven star rating citation to managing director V Sunil Kumar and Anil Varma, executive director of asset homes for their project 'Asset Kasavu', the first villa project in South India to get the Crisil rating.
Seven star rating is the topmost real estate project rating given by Crisil, a Standard & Poor's company. Crisil Real Estate Ratings provide city-specific all-round assessment of real estate projects and help buyers benchmark and identify quality projects within their cities.
The key factors evaluated in the Star Ratings process are quality of legal documentation, construction related risks, financial flexibility/visibility of the project, innovative attributes of the project, besides the background and track record of the project sponsor.
"There is need for enhanced transparency in the real estate sector which can be achieved through self-regulation by developers. The good news is that we are now seeing developers coming forth and embracing this concept by opening themselves up for third party evaluation, which was a positive sign indicating dedication towards customer centricity and professionals", he added.
Story first published on: September 16, 2014 17:58 (IST)

Vodafone  government agree to extend date for selection of 3rd arbitratorSep 16, 2014 at 07:44pm IST
Vodafone, government agree to extend date for selection of 3rd arbitrator
6
0
New Delhi: The Indian government and Vodafone have mutually agreed to extend the deadline for appointment of the third arbitrator to resolve the Rs 20,000-crore tax dispute case with UK telecom major Vodafone.
"Our arbitrator and Vodafone have mutually agreed to extend deadline for appointment of third arbitrator," a top government official said. The last date for finalising the name of third arbitrator in the Vodafone case dispute is September 17.
Following arbitration notice by Vodafone in the Rs 20,000 crore tax case, the government had appointed former Chief Justice of India RC Lahoti as its arbitrator.
"Our arbitrator and Vodafone have mutually agreed to extend deadline for appointment of third arbitrator," a top government official said.
#vodafone #tracking the modi government #uk #supreme court
Vodafone's arbitrator is Canadian lawyer Yves Fortier. Recently, the government has appointed New York-based law firm Curtis, Mallet-Prevost, Colt & Mosle as its counsel in the Vodafone tax arbitration case.
Vodafone International Holdings BV in April had served arbitration notice under the Bilateral Investment Protection and Promotion Agreement (BIPA) between India and the Netherlands for resolving the dispute.
The case pertains to capital gains tax dispute related to the acquisition of Hutchison Whampoa's stake in Hutchison Essar by British telecom giant Vodafone in 2007. Although the Vodafone won the tax case in the Supreme Court, the then UPA government amended the tax laws with retrospective effect to recover the dues.
While the basic tax demand was Rs 7,990 crore, the total outstanding, including interest and penalty, is estimated to have risen to Rs 20,000 crore.
1

Flush with funds  SBI cuts int rates on select deposits. Will other banks follow suitNew Member
4 Followers
definitely...when SBI cuts rates....It will create competition among other players and they will definitely copy it.....SBI has huge funds at disposal and is a market mover in banking space
12.50 AM Sep 17th

FDI more than doubles to $3.5 billion in JulySep 16, 2014 at 08:09pm IST
FDI more than doubles to $3.5 billion in July
16
0
New Delhi: Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) flows into India more than doubled to $3.5 billion in July, according to data released by the of Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion on Tuesday.
In July 2013, the country had received FDI worth $1.65 billion. During April-July this fiscal, the foreign inflows grew by 52 per cent to $10.73 billion as compared to $7.05 billion in the same period last year.
Amongst the top 10 sectors, telecommunications received the maximum FDI at $2.33 billion followed by services ($1 billion), pharmaceuticals ($886 million)and construction ($430 million) during the first-four months of the fiscal.
During April-July this fiscal, the foreign inflows grew by 52 per cent to $10.73 billion as compared to $7.05 billion in the same period last year.
#fdi #india #tracking the modi government
During the period, India received maximum FDI from Mauritius at $3.38 billion, followed by Singapore ($1.66 billion), Netherlands ($1.49 billion), Japan ($834 million), UK ($824 million) and the US ($351 million).
In 2013-14, the FDI inflows in India were $24.29 billion against $22.42 billion in 2012-13. India requires around $1 trillion in the next five years to overhaul its infrastructure sector, including ports, airports and highways to boost growth.
The government is taking more steps to boost FDI in the country. It has raised the foreign investment limit to 49 per cent in defence manufacturing and relaxed the policy in construction sector. The government has also proposed to increase the FDI cap in insurance to 49 per cent.
1

FIIs unlikely to leave India even if Fed hikes rates: HSBC08:00 pm
Foreign investors will not leave India even if the US Fed hikes interest rates. That's the word coming in from the head of HSBC India Stuart Milne. Speaking exclusively to CNBC-TV18's Latha Venkatesh, he said foreign investors are in India for the long haul and it remains an attractive investment destination.
Below is a verbatim transcript of the interview
Q: What is your outlook on India right now?
A: The level of interest happening in India has shifted markedly since the election. Everybody understands that the new government has a very strong mandate for significant change. Expectations are high. One hopes that those expectations can be met but there is no doubt there is significant interest from companies overseas in doing more business in India.
In fact, at our conference these couple of days—we brought 50 different companies into India from all over the world; 15 different countries representing every region to look at the opportunity in India. These are largely people who have not been to India before. So we are helping to make those connections and give people the confidence to invest here.
We have also seen quite a lot of investments coming in the last 12 months. From multinational corporations that know India very well. So the likes of Hindustan Unilever, GSK and Diageo—these are all companies that have the confidence to come in and commit significant amounts of additional capital to the Indian market. And based on what I see, that will indeed continue.
Q: So you see foreign direct investment (FDI) flowing in. Are you saying that the negativity following, those Vodafone cases, the cancellation of telephone license are now the thing of the past that FDI is once again interested in India?
A: Yes, that is the case. There is still more to happen and there are expectations on the government that we will see additional measures take place over the coming weeks and months but there is no doubt that the new government coming in with this mandate for change is generating a huge amount of interest overseas.
I was just in Japan very recently calling on clients there and I had previously spent five years in Tokyo actually as HSBC’s chief executive there and what was very clear is that there is an awful lot of interest from Japanese corporations in supporting the infrastructure story and with the right conditions we are going to see significant investment come from that source.
RELATED NEWS

Meet Sundar Pichai  the man behind Android One phonesIdol Chat: In conversation with Emraan Hashmi
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

THE BIG MONEY BEHIND THE CAMPAIGNThe big money behind Scotland's independence vote
By Mark Thompson   @MarkThompsonCNN September 16, 2014: 12:34 PM ET
Harry Potter author J.K.Rowling gave £1 million to the campaign fighting to keep Scotland in the U.K.
LONDON (CNNMoney)
The rich are throwing their money around on both sides of the upcoming vote on Scottish independence that is dividing Britain.
Harry Potter author J.K. Rowling is on the side of keeping the U.K. together; she gave the "Better Together" campaign £1 million.
And the pro-independence campaign got £1 million from Chris and Colin Weir -- a Scottish couple who won a lottery jackpot of £161 million in 2011.
All told, campaigners opposed to independence have raised £2.7 million in donations greater than £7,500 since December 2013.
The "Yes" campaign raised £1.8 million over the same period.
Those numbers were reported to the U.K. Electoral Commission, which is overseeing Thursday's historic vote.
Related: Scotland's banks threaten to leave
But the final total spent trying to persuade Scotland's 4.3 million registered voters will far exceed the £4.5 million recorded so far by the Electoral Commission.
That's because its figures exclude donations made before December 18, 2013, individual amounts of less than £7,500, and money given to political parties campaigning for either side.
 
The cost of Scottish independence
The Weirs, for example, have given as much as £3.5 million in total to support the independence bid.
Related: 5 reasons to worry about Scottish vote
The lead campaign organizations on both sides -- Better Together and Yes Scotland -- were limited to spending £1.5 million each during the 16 weeks leading up to polling day.
But the Scottish National Party of independence champion Alex Salmond may have spent as much as £1.3 million campaigning during that period.
And the three leading British parties opposed to independence were allowed to spend about £1.4 million.
First Published: September 16, 2014: 12:34 PM ET
Most Popular

Think Before You Post  says Facebook to Indian teensMotorola has launched a clever little key fob that can help find a missing phone and minimize the chance of misplacing the door key.
Think Before You Post, says Facebook to Indian teens
print
With growing instances of online abuse and bullying, Facebook launched the 'Think Before You Share' campaign to make teenagers think carefully before they post information, ideas or photos online.
Launched in India in nine local languages, including Hindi, Gujarati and Bengali, the 'Think Before You Share' guide not only addresses a host of problems that teenagers are likely to face, but also tells them how to address them.
For starters, social media is a place where it is easy to forget that the information that is shared online can be re-shared by others, even strangers, if the privacy settings aren't too strong. This gives miscreants the leverage to misuse the 'shared' information and arm-twist teens into a corner.
This is where Facebook steps in with a Social Reporting Tool. If one is not comfortable with, say a tagged photo, or is constantly harassed by a stranger, they can report this to Facebook. In turn, Facebook asks the teenager if they want an adult or trusted person to intervene. If they choose to go ahead with the option, that person would be intimated about the same.
Facebook also guides parents and teachers on how to deal with the problem and how to approach the issue. But before you reach this stage, the social networking site has listed out precautionary measures to be well guarded online.
Here are a few ways adolescents can stay safe online (as mentioned in ' Think Before You Share ')
Before you share content online, ask yourself: is this how I want people to see me? Could somebody use this to hurt me? What's the worst thing that could happen if I shared this?
Sometimes, friends share passwords with each other when all is good, but unfortunately this can turn into a nightmare later. Don't share your password.
An image lasts forever, even if you have done everything to delete it.
Remember that if somebody asks you to share something you are not comfortable with you have the right to say no.

GMR Infrastructure to raise up to Rs 1 500 cr through rights issueE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Top 3 picks: JSW Steel  Balkrishna Industries  Sundaram FinanceE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Mulling linking number of cards issued by a bank to its PoS machines: H R KhanMulling linking number of cards issued by a bank to its PoS machines: H R Khan
BS Reporter | Mumbai Sep 17, 2014 12:46 AM IST
To boost the growth of Point of Sales (PoS, enabling electronic retail transactions) machines, the Reserve Bank of India is thinking of whether to link the number of cards issued by a bank to the PoS machines it puts up.
“We just have 1.1 million machines and need much more. Only a few banks are putting the PoS machines. So, one thought, and not a final view, that when you are issuing a certain number of cards, additional issuances will be linked to the PoS machines you are putting up, so that there is acceptance in the infrastructure, particularly in the rural and semi-urban areas where more Kisan Credit Cards are becoming plastic cards,” said H R Khan, deputy governor of RBI.
He said the idea is to reduce the number of cash transactions in the country. With an increased spread of PoS terminals, this can be done significantly. It would also help banks cut on cash handling and management fees.
With the national financial inclusion plan and the number of RuPay cards being distributed, the regulator believes there will be an increased number of cards in the system and infrastructure is needed to support this.
Meanwhile, State Bank of India, the country’s largest lender, has asked RBI to increase the cash withdrawal limits from PoS machines to Rs 5,000.
“The average withdrawal at ATMs is Rs 3,654. Therefore, we believe that Rs 5,000 (at a PoS) will be an adequate amount. We wrote to RBI last month to increase the transaction limit,” said S K Mishra, deputy managing director.
SBI has been steadily expanding its PoS network and in this financial year, plans to add about 100,000 such terminals. Mishra said they were at number four position in the PoS market but believed they’d be able to clinch the first position by March 2016.

The price of silenceSreenivasan Jain| The price of silence at the top: Modi's dilemma
Sreenivasan Jain |  Sep 17, 2014 10:00 AM IST
By the time this column goes to print, we will be five days past an impassioned demand by Fali Nariman, in a speech before the National Commission for Minorities, for those at the top (of this government and the ruling party) to speak up against the "recurrent instances of religious tension fanned by fanaticism and hate-speeches", which are straining the "the Hindu tradition of tolerance". Actually, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) brass - barring, notably, the prime minister - hasn't been entirely silent during this season of intemperance. Last week, the BJP president told the Economic Times that "love jihad" was simultaneously a "media creation" and a "grave social problem". A day later, the home minister in response to a question at a press conference, said: "What is this (love jihad)? Can you define it?" keeping alive the pot of ambiguity around a subject that deserves nothing less than unqualified debunking.
By contrast, the only decisive intervention on the subject I have heard from anyone close to the ruling establishment is from Zafar Sareshwala, the Ahmedabad- and Mumbai-based businessman best known as the first staunch Muslim defender of Narendra Modi. Sareshwala called me last week after seeing our reports on the Sangh Parivar-driven anti-"love jihad" campaign in Western Uttar Pradesh, saying he was agitated by such communal nonsense (or words to that effect), which had "no place" in the agenda outlined by the prime minister. He said that the only reason why the BJP swept the 2014 polls was because liberal Hindus voted for Modi's pro-governance thrust, but that if the BJP goes back to regressive, polarising issues like "love jihad", they will abandon the party in droves. He would go on to make the same point on numerous TV panels in the course of the week.
Sareshwala is, of course, not a formal member of the BJP, but his proximity to Modi is so widely known that it is sometimes assumed that on occasion he speaks with Modi's sanction. Not entirely, it appears, in this case. In our conversation, Sareshwala said he had raised these concerns with the prime minister on the Japan trip, where he had travelled as part of the business delegation. He claimed Modi expressed distaste at the Adityanath brand of politics. When I called him a few days later to clarify the prime minister's exact words on the subject, Sareshwala said he had, not, in fact, directly broached the issue on the Japan trip. He said he brought up hate-mongering by the likes of the BJP's Giriraj Singh during the 2014 Lok Sabha campaign, asking Modi if he, Sareshwala, could "hammer these fellows" in public debates. (Singh, the BJP candidate from Bihar had urged Modi critics to "go to Pakistan".) Modi apparently gave him the go-ahead, even urging Sareshwala to ascribe the disapproval to him. "Look at where all of them are now", said Sareshwala. "Where is Giriraj Singh? Where is Subramanian Swamy? Where is Pravin Togadia (the Vishva Hindu Parishad or VHP firebrand from Gujarat)? If the media ignores the likes of Yogi Adityanath, (the BJP's MP from Gorakhpur who now faces an Election Commission-ordered FIR for his incendiary comments), they will vanish from the scene, just as Modi has silenced other extremists in the past."
I put it to him that the media, in fact, rarely gave airtime to Adityanath until the BJP high command made him one of the party's lead campaigners for the recently concluded Uttar Pradesh by-polls, just as the party has chosen to reward riot-accused MLAs and MPs. For instance, Sanjeev Baliyan, the Muzaffarnagar MP is the junior agriculture minister in Modi's Cabinet. It was hardly possible that the prime minister would be unaware of these decisions or their repercussions, especially when linked to as politically sensitive a region as Uttar Pradesh. As for the Togadia analogy, I reminded Sareshwala that the VHP firebrand was only rendered irrelevant after a very clear, concerted signal from Modi as chief minister.
And yet, Sareshwala (understandably, given where his loyalties lie) ring-fenced the prime minister from responsibility, claiming that a section of the BJP continued to work against Modi, and was intent on pulling him down. But he did concede that if the Big Man did not step in soon, things will unravel. This sentiment was expressed with a certain pragmatism that perhaps might speak to those currently in power more than the moral imperative of tolerance outlined in the Nariman speech. As Sareshwala put it: "Why do you think Modi held Vibrant Gujarat immediately after the 2002 riots? Yes, a lot of damage was done to Muslims during the riots (Sareshwala's family-run factory, manufacturing industrial valves, was burnt down). But the longer-term impact was on Hindu-run businesses. Not a single businessman wanted to come to Gujarat."
The same, he warned, will happen to India's biggest state if the Adityanath's are not reined in. "Do you think Adani or Ambani will ever put up a plant in Uttar Pradesh? They will run away."
The writer anchors the ground reportage show Truth vs Hype on NDTV 24X7

Student engineers to also help Modi build smart citiesStudent engineers to also help Modi build smart cities
Kalpana Pathak | Mumbai Sep 17, 2014 12:50 AM IST
Engineers from various institutes, including the Indian Institutes of Technology (IITs), could help Prime Minister Narendra Modi with ideas to build smart cities across the country.
Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay, as part of its annual technology event Techfest, has invited applications from engineers across the country — even professionals — to suggest ideas to make their city a smart city. IIT-Bombay has decided the ideas presented by the participants shall be considered for implementation in the development of new smart cities along the Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridor (DMICDC).
Techfest has also associated with government organisations like Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority, City and Industrial Development Corporation of Maharashtra and DMICDC to make this plan a success. Ideas presented would be considered for implementation in the development of DMICDC.
The students would be mentored by a qualified panel of over 50 members, including Anand Singh Bhal, economic advisor, ministry of urban development, government of India; S K Jain, deputy director-general, ministry of communications and IT; Prem Narayan, director Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission, ministry of urban development; and U K Sadhav, additional director, urban administration & development, government of Madhya Pradesh, among others.
Apart from them, there will be more government officers, professors from IIT-Bombay, IIT-Kanpur, IIT-Kharagpur, IISC Bangalore and other institutions and corporates as well to guide the students throughout the competition.
“Techfest aims at providing a strong sharing platform and offers a unique opportunity to get involved in the development of smart cities to exchange ideas and foster the new integrated approaches in India. It has been designed with a vision to involve Indian community in developing smart cities which are ecologically friendly, technologically integrated and meticulously planned with a particular reliance on the use of information technology to improve efficiency,” said IIT-Bombay.
The institute said participating students and professionals would be required to come up with new ideas on infrastructure (creating innovative and smart solutions for the development of infrastructure responsive to our daily needs); healthcare and hygiene (finding innovative and serious solutions to curb the problem of inefficient healthcare and unplanned waste disposal); trade and commerce (creating opportunities for improving quality of life without increasing resource use and environmental problems); law and policy making (examining regulatory landscape for disruptive advances in urban governance arising from innovative technology), and urban aesthetics (making cities aesthetically pleasing and interesting place to live in).

After 12 years  OMC losses end on diesel retail saleAfter 12 years, OMC losses end on diesel retail sale
Sudheer Pal Singh | New Delhi Sep 17, 2014 12:50 AM IST
The fruits of phased diesel price decontrol are being reaped by the three government-controlled oil marketing companies (OMCs), with the fuel giving them a small profit of 35p a litre from Tuesday, the first time these sales have turned positive in 12 years.
The continued decline in crude oil prices has helped these companies reach a stage where a cut in the retail price is possible, the first time in seven years. The OMCs are, however, not planning any change till the end of this month.
According to the Petroleum Products Analysis Cell, the petroleum ministry’s technical arm, diesel sales will enter a phase of overrecovery for the pricing fortnight beginning Tuesday. The overrecovery of 35p on sale of every litre has strengthened the case for a formal price decontrol, beside easing the government’s Rs 63,000 crore yearly petroleum subsidy burden.
The earlier government had decontrolled petrol prices in June 2010. For diesel, in January 2013, it decided on a gradual rise in prices (of 50p a month) till the retail rate equalled the global benchmark price. This was done since diesel prices had a higher impact on inflation than petrol.
Brent crude oil has fallen to $96 a barrel, the lowest in 26 months, on falling demand from the largest consumer, China, amid over-supply in global markets. The Indian basket of crude oil has fallen consistently from $115 a barrel in mid-June to $95.5 a barrel on Monday. The diesel price is determined from the refinery gate price, based on trade parity pricing, computed as a weighted average of the import parity price (with a weight of 80 per cent) and export parity price (20 per cent weight).
The retail price is currently worked out on the basis of the daily FOB quotes of Arab Gulf prices as published by Platts & Argus. The retail price has risen by a cumulative Rs 11.82 a litre since January 2013, in 19 instalments since then. However, with state Assembly elections in four states round the corner, the government is yet to decide on deregulation.
Reserve Bank governor Raghuram Rajan has asked the government to take advantage of the lower international crude prices to announce diesel price deregulation. “Typically, a lower oil price means a lower current account deficit, lower oil subsidies and lower inflation. We should take this moment to eliminate diesel subsidies as soon as possible,” he said on Monday.
Diesel accounted for 45 per cent of the OMCs’ gross underrecovery of Rs 1,39,869 crore on retail sale of subsidised products in 2013-14. This should be no more than Rs 19,584 crore in 2014-15. Diesel currently costs Rs 58.97 a litre in Delhi, Rs 67.26 in Mumbai, Rs 63.81 in Kolkata and Rs 62.92 in Chennai. The price differential between diesel and petrol has fallen below Rs 10 a litre, as the latter’s rates have been revised downwards thrice in the past two months.

Boeing  Space X land NASA contractsBoeing, Space X land NASA contracts
By Ben Rooney   @ben_rooney September 16, 2014: 6:24 PM ET
 
Boeing, SpaceX win private space race
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Boeing and SpaceX have been awarded contracts to become NASA's space taxis, shuttling astronauts to and from the International Space Station, the agency announced Tuesday.
NASA ended its Space Shuttle program in 2011 after a review and amid a shift in priorities to exploring deep space, including sending humans to Mars.
Since the shuttle program was retired, NASA crewmembers have been hitching rides on Russian Soyuz spacecraft, at a cost of $70 million per seat, according to a NASA spokeswoman. The agency typically purchases six seats per year.
The contracts are worth a total of $6.8 billion. Boeing's share is $4.2 billion and SpaceX will receive $2.6 billion.
Both companies' crafts must undergo safety testing before manned flights take place. Once certified for flight, each company will launch between two and six missions, NASA said.
 
Elon Musk courts politicians with SpaceX
Boeing ( BA ) said the contract means it will build three of its CST-100 crafts at its Kennedy Space Center facility in Florida. Each craft can carry up to seven passengers.
SpaceX CEO Elon Musk said in a statement he is "deeply honored" his company was chosen. Musk also runs electric car company Tesla ( TSLA ).
NASA's partnership with the companies is part of the Commercial Crew Program. The program is intended to help private companies develop spacecraft to carry astronauts into low Earth orbit by 2017. The agency has invested more than $1.4 billion in contracts and special agreements with private companies for the two phase program.
The goal, according to NASA's website, is "to establish safe, reliable and cost-effective access to space." Once the new transportation system is up and running, NASA says it will use private spacecraft to "meet its space station crew rotation and emergency return obligations."
Boeing has already received more than $100 million in NASA funding.
Related: Elon Musk's SpaceX will sue U.S. over rocket contract
Meanwhile, the SpaceX Dragon became the first commercial spacecraft to deliver cargo to the space station in 2012. The Dragon currently only carries cargo, but SpaceX says it will be able to transport humans as well.
Sierra Nevada Corp., an aerospace company based in Nevada that was also competing for the NASA contract and which has benefitted from Commercial Crew Program money, is working on the Dream Chaser, a winged spacecraft designed to fly into orbit.
--CNN's Rachel Crane contributed to this story.
First Published: September 16, 2014: 5:40 PM ET
Most Popular

Fewer corporate jets flying in Delhi as lobb...Sharp reduction in private jet flights across India; fewer corporate jets in Delhi as lobbying ebbs
Mihir Mishra, ET Bureau Sep 17, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Corporate India
(It appears that the avowedly…)
NEW DELHI: Call it the backlash against crony capitalism, but it appears that the avowedly business-friendly Narendra Modi government isn't all that keen to offer its hospitality to corporate India .
One sign of this lies in the sharp reduction in private jet flights across the country. India Inc , many august members of which are ardent supporters of the current NDA dispensation, doesn't seem to be making too many trips to New Delhi to pay respects.
Aircraft movements by private jets in June and July, soon after the Modi government was sworn in on May 26, fell more than 7% from the year earlier. General aviation charters are measured in terms of aircraft movements — two of them for every takeoff and landing. During the corresponding months in 2013, such movements jumped 28% and 21%, respectively, from the year earlier. During the same period in 2009, the first two months of the second UPA government, such movements had tellingly shot up 41% in June and 52% in July from the year before.
Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju Pusapati's office is typical in this respect. Officials who didn't want to be named said requests for meetings from at least 25 senior members of the corporate world were politely refused for one reason or the other. Various other ministries have similarly declined pleas for appointments, which has led to the drop in private jet operations across the country, officials said.
Before any meeting is granted, officials check the antecedents of the person concerned.
"An appointment is processed only after the person in question is found to be clean," said an aviation ministry official. "We received easily over 100 requests for meetings and about 25 of them were not given time with the minister. We prefer giving appointments to people from the government side over the corporate world." He declined to give the names of those who had been refused appointments.
The Modi government has made a break with tradition. Typically, company bosses and lobbyists make a beeline to meet ministers in any new Cabinet at the Centre. But there seems to be a diktat on keeping such engagements to the minimum and bureaucrats are also toeing the line.
"Not only ministers but secretaries are also not meeting corporate representatives," said a former civil aviation secretary, who did not want to be identified.
That may not necessarily be a good thing, this person said. "They should ideally meet these people as they are the ones who will implement the government's strategy on the ground. Why would a corporate representative travel, if no one in the government agrees to meet him?"
Corporate representatives have cut down on their flying.
FEATURED ARTICLES

The USs commitment to fight Ebola dwarfs ChinasEbola
September 16, 2014
Close on the heels of the US’s announcement that it would send 3,000 military troops  to combat the spread of Ebola in West Africa, China said today it is stepping up aid to fight the disease—by adding a 59-member team of laboratory workers  to the 115 Chinese already there.
China has close investment and business ties with the affected African nations, is Africa’s biggest trading partner, has spent billions of dollars on infrastructure projects and mining deals there, and has an estimated 20,000 citizens in Liberia, Sierre Leone, and Guinea. Big Chinese companies like Huawei have pledged  not to pull out of the region despite the growing outbreak.
But China’s humanitarian aid efforts are being dwarfed by the US’s, in both money and manpower. The US already has spent $175 million on efforts to fight the disease, and the additional troops could cost $750 million. China’s total pledged aid is $37 million.
Perhaps the shortfall shouldn’t come as a surprise—China has a history of offering paltry humanitarian aid to other nations in the face of tragedy.
Share this:

Cinema cant become an extension ofmarketingPrint
Kay Kay Menon’s character of lawyer in Haider deviates from the original King Claudius in Hamlet.
Written by Sankhayan Ghosh | New Delhi | Posted: September 17, 2014 6:40 am | Updated: September 17, 2014 12:41 pm
Kay Kay Menon talks about Vishal Bhardwaj’s Haider, his contemporaries and what bothers him about Hindi cinema.
Tell us about balancing commercial movies with the alternate roles that you have come to be known for.
In the 40-odd films I have done, 10 have a long shelf life. They can be seen even a decade from now, and you won’t cringe watching them. That is very satisfying. I believe that cinema is made for posterity and not for business over the opening weekend. I choose films on the basis of whether they have that quality to stand the test of time.
Before the recently released Raja Natwarlal, I acted in ABCD and Ankur Arora Murder Case. While the latter wasn’t promoted well, the former was a big hit. But people didn’t even know that I was in the film until they saw it. There are films I do for my bread and butter, and then there are those I do for my art. But I do both with equal honesty.
How did your role in Haider come about?
Vishal Bhardwaj and I have been threatening to work with each other for a long time. Haider is that threat come true. The character of Khurram is very different from the original, he is no king like Claudius but is a small-time lawyer. We have kept it as rooted to the Kashmiri setting as possible where my character has a certain naivety and innocence about him. This is unlike the original Claudius. His love for Gertrude is also explored subtly. It is entrenched in a literary content and has the depth to it.
Tell us about Bombay Velvet and your other films.
In Bombay Velvet, I play Kulkarni, a cop with a fetish for old Hindi songs. It is based on a real story of a cop who was instrumental in setting up the crime branch in Mumbai. My character goes through the politics of a time when land was being reclaimed for the city. The character is like the one I played in Black Friday and Shaurya, not central but impactful. Another film I am looking forward to is Saat Uchakkey where Manoj Bajpayee and I are the protagonists. It’s a heist comedy set in Delhi 6. I also play the villain in Akshay Kumar-starrer Baby.
You hold an MBA and you used to work in advertising. What drove you towards acting?
I was heading this corporate filmmaking company when I asked myself one day ‘why am I a dissatisfied man?’ I realised I really can’t put my emotions into a Coke bottle, I need to connect with human beings, not brands. I have been a part of theatre all my life, ever since I played a sunflower in a school play when I was nine. I realised continued…
In the 40-odd films I have done, 10 have a long shelf life. They can be seen even a decade from now, and you won’t cringe watching them.

Heres Looking at You DeepikaPrint
The actor’s reaction is commendable. Her online reply reads: “Yes! I am a woman. I have breasts and a cleavage! You got a problem!?”
Written by Namrata Zakaria | New Delhi | Posted: September 17, 2014 6:45 am | Updated: September 17, 2014 12:50 pm
Is a woman’s body her own? Can she make choices that involve her physicality? Is she allowed self-expression though her clothes? Yes, say the fundamentals of fashion and grooming.  Women’s clothing is a multi-billion-dollar industry, run by serious men from big business schools. History, as far as the Indus Valley civilisation, has shown that women of yore enjoyed their dress-up.
But nay, says timesofindia.indiatimes.com. The same one that posts a top-shot of an actress in an anarkali-style salwar kameez for voyeuristic pleasure. It is no short of a visual molestation, where the actress must feel “complimented” if she has been subjected to lewdness.
The actor’s reaction is commendable. Her online reply reads: “Yes! I am a woman. I have breasts and a cleavage! You got a problem!?”
With that statement alone, Deepika Padukone joins a growing league of avant-garde women who use their clothing to push the idea of nakedness. Young women of the world today, extremely fashion-forward in their choices, are using their skin to self-embrace. Rihanna’s outing in a sheer dress at the CFDA awards in New York this June, without the coverings of her lingerie, is the most obvious statement-maker here. Other stars, such as Rita Ora, Selena Gomez, Kate Moss, even Sandra Bullock and Gwyneth Paltrow, are flaunting the ‘side-boob’ and ‘under-boob’ styles.
This is also why sheer clothing is suddenly on every fashion runway of the world. It is so interesting, and ironic, that clothing is celebrating a nudity of sorts. What started with the legendary Yves Saint Laurent and his sheer shirts of the ’70s, is now a leitmotif with every designer presenting a collection. Fendi is even doing sheer with shearling in gobsmackingly-delicious styles. Tom Ford’s Spring 2015 sheer dresses are unprintable. Priyanka Chopra, when promoting Gunday, wore a magnificent diaphanous skirt with large granny-pants for underwear — I don’t think I’ve ever wanted to commend her for her style except this time.
No one’s saying that Padukone aimed to create a talking point with a harmless low-cut salwar kameez. But even Hillary Clinton, in her role as USA’s Secretary of State, was derided for just a one-time hint of cleavage with her severe pant-suits. Ms Padukone is, after all, in the business of looking good, and those that are here are open to immense public scrutiny for their appearance.
This isn’t the first time Plain Jane Padukone, daughter of a national athlete craving to carve a name for herself among the glamorous, has had her clothes speak for her. As her character in Homi Adajania’s flawed but successful Cocktail, Padukone was the flawless one. From the gawk-eyed nervous wannabe arriviste that she was, Padukone metamorphosed into a confident strident woman, continued…
With an unabashed statement claiming proud ownership of her breasts, she also shows that she owns a thinking and questioning mind. The days when heroines refused to kiss onscreen but padded their bras to unnatural proportions just to titillate, are a thing of the past.

BJP s bypoll jolts embolden Shiv Sena | Boost Congress  morale | Is Modi wave overBJP’s bypoll reverse
(Sena now gains confidence…)
MUMBAI: BJP's shock defeat in bypolls held across several states has given the Shiv Sena confidence to pressure its partner in the ongoing seat-sharing talks for the Maharashtra assembly elections.
The Sena claimed that its adverse comments on the so-called Modi wave stood vindicated. BJP, on the other hand, seemed to be on the backfoot and said that a review in 59 assembly seats was all it had suggested and was not in favour of breaking its alliance with Shiv Sena.
Sena President Uddhav Thackeray had said a few days ago that the socalled Modi-wave was not the single factor responsible for the saffron alliance's win in Lok Sabha polls. This led to a war of words between senior leaders of Sena & BJP. Following this, Thackeray asked party leaders on Monday not to make any comments on the seat-sharing impasse.
However, senior Sena MLA Ramdas Kadam said on Tuesday that his party felt that BJP should learn the lessons from the by-poll results. "Our leaders had said that the Lok Sabha elections were not won merely on the basis of one wave...We did not believe the Modiwave was responsible for the alliance's victory in Maharashtra. Our comments stand vindicated. BJP must realise that bigger battles are still to be won", said Kadam.
The seat sharing talks are expected to linger on for at least a couple of days. A senior Rajya Sabha MP of the Shiv Sena told ET that the new formula envisaged 16 seats to alliance partners (eight each from Sena & BJP quotas) and 125 seats for BJP. But BJP leader Vinod Tawde said the numbers had not been finalised and his party was not looking at anything less than 135 seats.
State BJP spokesperson Madhav Bhandari refused to comment on the seat-sharing impasse while other leaders said that negotiations were still on. BJP's Maharashtra state president Devendra Fadnavis betrayed the party's anxiety when he said that his party had merely suggested redistribution of candidate list in 59 constituencies.
Both sides, however, reiterated that their alliance would not be broken even while admitting that talks over seat-sharing were dragging beyond expected time.
FEATURED ARTICLES

New Apple mobile software iOS 8 to arrive todayNew Apple mobile software iOS 8 to arrive on Wednesday
By AFP | 17 Sep, 2014, 07.58AM IST
The iOS 8 will be available free for download to many iPhone and iPad models and will be pre-installed on iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SAN FRANCISCO: New-generation Apple software for powering its coveted mobile devices is set for release on Wednesday, two days ahead of the arrival of its latest iPhones.
The iOS 8 mobile operating system will be available free for download to many iPhone and iPad models and will be pre-installed on iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, which hit the market on Friday.
Apple unveiled iOS 8 at its annual developers conference in San Francisco in June.
The new operating software is tailored to deliver a seamless experience for users flitting between Apple mobile gadgets and popular Macintosh computers.
Alongside operating system updates, the California company unveiled HealthKit software to manage personal healthcare and HomeKit for home appliances. They are integrated into the latest system update.
HealthKit will provide a secure haven for data collected by devices such as fitness bands that track activity and sleep.
Apple also synched iOS 8 to HomeKit software that could let iPhones or iPads be used as a centralized control for Internet-linked gadgets such as door locks, lights, thermostats and security systems.
Apple came up with a common network protocol, so not only can an iPhone be used to open smart locks, but virtual assistant Siri can dim lights and lower thermostat settings when told, "Get ready for bed."
Apple has also beefed up graphics and speed capabilities for games, which are consistently among the hottest applications on its mobile devices.
Capabilities woven into operating software include one called "Continuity," which lets tasks started on one Apple gadget be automatically handed off to another one nearby.
Messages or calls can also be handed off between devices. Apple last week announced that it is adding a smartwatch to its growing array of devices that will work together.
The Apple Watch will not be released until early next year

Finding Fanny  box office collections hit 1.6 millionE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Beijing commits to invest $100-bn | How India-US partnership can reach $1 tnArunachal
(The two sides had earlier…)
NEW DELHI: Chinese President Xi Jinping who arrives in India on his maiden visit on Wednesday with $100 billion investment commitments over five years across various sectors will be disappointed that the proposed visa liberalisation agreement is off the agenda. Beijing's intransigence of not following a 'one-India' policy by continuing with stapled visas for Arunachal Pradesh residents is the reason why India has put off signing the agreement.
The two sides had earlier decided to sign the visa agreement to ease travel for tourists, business travelers and professionals from either country during Xi's visit.
However, official sources pointed out that India decided to put off the proposed pact to send out a strong message. By refusing to enter into the visa pact till Beijing stops issuing stapled visas, India was asserting that Beijing's stand on Arunachal was unacceptable.
But this is not the first time that India has refused to sign the proposed visa pact. The Modi government is following the footsteps of the previous dispensation that had refused to sign the agreement during Manmohan Singh's last Beijing trip in October 2013. India was upset that the Chinese embassy in India issued stapled visas to two Arunachal Pradesh athletes days before Singh's visit.
China, however, had hoped that it could clinch the visa liberalisation agreement with a new government in Delhi that was willing to expand bilateral economic and investment links. The new visa pact would have enabled smooth travel of large number of Chinese professionals and entrepreneurs following the agreements to set up two industrial parks and announcements of $100 billion investments during Xi's trip.
The visiting President will offer the amount for setting up of industrial parks, modernisation of railways, highways, ports, power generation, distribution and transmission, automobiles, manufacturing, food processing and textile industries.
Modi will host a dinner for Xi on the Sabarmati riverfront in Ahmedabad on Wednesday afternoon. Thereafter the two leaders will travel to Delhi for dialogue on Thursday on all substantive issues of interest, including the protracted border issue, transgressions along the Line of Actual Control including recent ones, Tibet issue, Beijing's maritime silk route proposal, Bangladesh-China-India-Myanmar corridor, bilateral trade issues, terrorism, global financial issues and regional situation and pressing global issues.
Modi will receive Xi when he arrives at his hotel in Ahmedabad. Xi will be accompanied by his wife Peng Liyuan, two senior members of the Communist Party of China, the state councilor and ministers of foreign affairs and commerce, besides a huge business delegation.
The two leaders will witness inking of agreements and both will spend some time at the Sabarmati ashram. On Thursday, Xi will be received by President Pranab Mukherjee at Rashtrapati Bhavan.
Among others who would call on Xi would be Congress party president Sonia Gandhi and Lok Sabha Speaker Sumitra Mahajan.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Gujarat to roll out red carpet for China President  economic co-operation high on agenda10
0
New Delhi: The stage is all set for one of the biggest diplomatic events of the year as Chinese President Xi Jinping will arrive in India on Wednesday for a 3-day visit. Breaking the protocol, Prime Minister Narendra Modi would personally receive Jinping in Ahmedabad as a special gesture. While all contentious and substantive bilateral, regional and global issues would be discussed, economic co-operation is highest on the agenda when the two powerful leaders meet.
Modi said, "Chinese President is coming. It is a good thing that visiting dignitaries also visit the states and not only see India from Delhi."
The Sabarmati River Front has been all decked up and Ahmedabad geared up as India will roll out the red carpet for the Chinese President. In a departure from protocol, the two heads of states will sign key agreements outside New Delhi. Memorandum of Understandings will be inked  for setting up of Chinese industrial parks in Ahmedabad and Pune.
#narendra modi #xi jinping #india #china
Ministry of External Affairs spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said, "This is a first in terms of a Prime Minister and the President of China witnessing signing of agreements outside Delhi. In addition, the Prime Minister has invited President Xi to visit the Sabarmati Ashram and it is expected that the two will spend some time during their visit there. This will be followed by a private dinner that the Prime Minister will host for President Xi."
The two leaders who last met along the sidelines of the BRICS summit in July in Fortaleza, will hold formal talks on Thursday in New Delhi. Accompanied by a 50-member power delegation, economics will drive the agenda when Jinping meets Modi in Hyderabad House.
China is expected to announce US $100 billion of investments in key areas of railways, bullet trains, infrastructure, power generation. In return, China is likely to seek India's support in its grand plan of reviving the ancient Silk Route.
But the success of the visit will depend on key contentious issues like $35 billion trade deficit in China's favour which India wants China to reduce, new special representatives for boundary talks could be announced, Tibet and the Dalai Lama, stapled visas to residents of Jammu and Kashmir and Arunachal Pradesh.
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj told his Chinese counterpart, "If we believe in one China policy, you should also believe in one India policy."
Jinping who will be accorded a  presidential welcome on Thursday morning, will also hold talks with President Pranab Mukherjee, Lok Sabha Speaker Sumitra Mahajan and Congress President Sonia Gandhi among others.
In an article in The Hindu, Jinping wrote, "As two important forces in a world that moves towards multipolarity, we need to become global partners having strategic coordination. According to Prime Minister Modi, China and India are "two bodies, one spirit." I appreciate this comment. Despite their distinctive features, the "Chinese Dragon" and the "Indian Elephant" both cherish peace, equity and justice."
19

Live: Japanese PM Abe calls Narendra Modi to wish him on his 64th birthday4
0
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is in his homestate as he celebrates his 64th birthday on Wednesday. He began his day by seeking blessings of his mother. He will later in the day meet Chinese President Xi Jinping who is on a 3-day visit to India.
Live coverage
(Content below is refreshed only when page is reloaded.)
7:09 pm: 
6:12 pm: 
6:06 pm: 
5:56 pm: Chinese President Xi Jinping arrives at Sabarmati waterfront accompanied by Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
5:51 pm: 
5:46 pm: Chinese President Xi Jinping's wife Peng Liyuan arrives at Sabarmati waterfront.
5:27 pm: 
5:16 pm: 
5:13 pm: Chinese President Xi Jinping arrives at Sabarmati ashram, accompanied by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, to pay tribute to Mahatma Gandhi.
5:06 pm: Modi leaves from Hyatt hotel, expected to reach Sabarmati riverfront shortly.
5:05 pm: It was in 2005 that the guiding principles for negotiations between India and China were discussed: Anand Sharma
5:05 pm: BJP should stop fooling people that such high level talks are taking place for the first time: Anand Sharma
5:04 pm: Congress hits out at BJP, says it should 'stop fooling people about Indo-China talks'.
5:03 pm: Anand Sharma on Indo-China talks: Congress is of the view that China and India must have close cooperation and understanding.
4:46 pm: Pact to set up an industrial park in Gujarat inked in presence of Chinese President Xi Jinping and Prime Minister Narendra Modi: PTI
4:45 pm: India and China ink sister city pact between Guangzhou in China and Ahmedabad.
4:37 pm: 
4:29 pm: Narendra Modi interacts with mediapersons from India and China at Hyatt hotel in Ahmedabad.
4:23 pm: Modi reaches Hyatt hotel, the venue of talks with Chinese President Xi Jinping, accompanied by Gujarat Chief Minister Anandiben Patel.
4:08 pm: Narendra Modi is likely to urge China to open its domestic market to address the trade imbalance and cease military trade with Pakistan.
3:51 pm: The two heads will sign key agreements outside the national capital.
3:48 pm: 
3:43 pm: PM Modi gives floral welcome to Chinese President Xi Jinping and first lady Peng Liyuan
3:42 pm: 
3:11 pm: PM Modi will receive Chinese President Jinping at hotel Hyatt
3:10 pm: Gujarat Governor OP Kolhi and Chief Minister Anandiben Patel receive Chinese President Xi Jinping and first lady Peng Liyuan at Ahmedabad airport
3:08 pm: Chinese President Jinping given guard of honour
3:05 pm: 
2:58 pm: Gujarat rolls out red carpet for Chinese President Jinping
2:55 pm: Memorandum of Understandings will be inked for setting up of Chinese industrial parks in Ahmedabad and Pune.
2:49 pm: Jinping is accompanied by a high-powered business delegation of 50 members
2:48 pm: China is expected to announce US $100 billion of investments in key areas of railways, bullet trains, infrastructure, power generation.
2:43 pm: Chinese President Xi Jinping arrives in Ahmedabad for his three-day India tour
1:06 pm: Chinese President Xi Jinping wishes PM Narendra Modi on his birthday
12:47 pm: Pro-Tibetan activists were protesting against Chinese President Xi Jinping's visit to India. 10 activists have been detained outside Chinese embassy in the national capital.
12:26 pm: Birthday wishes pour in for  PM Narendra Modi. Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa wished Modi by saying, "I pray that the almighty may grant you many more years of good health to serve our nation."
12:18 pm: I keep receiving your blessings and wishes on all 365 days. I am really grateful to you. It inspires me to do new things: Modi
12:18 pm: The Gujarat government must be congratulated for these efforts: Modi
12:16 pm: Swavalamban Yojana is the new pension scheme launched by the government
12:14 pm: Anandiben Patel said something very right about the neo-middle class. We need to help this section of society the most: Modi
12:09 pm: Dignity comes from self-sufficiency: Modi
12:09 pm: The spirit of entrepreneurship among women is admirable. We have seen this in the dairy sector in Gujarat: Modi
12:07 pm: Gujarat has led  the country to being self reliant: Modi
29

On his 64th birthday  PM Modi meets his mother  seeks her blessingsSep 17, 2014 at  11:52am IST
On his 64th birthday, PM Modi meets his mother, seeks her blessings
22
0
Gandhinagar: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday celebrated his 64th birthday in his homestate Gujarat. He began his day by visiting his mother Hira Baa in Gandhinagar and sought her blessings. This is Modi's first visit to his homestate after taking charge as the Prime Minister in May.
On the occasion, his mother donated Rs 5000 for the Prime Minister's Relief Fund for Jammu and Kashmir, sources said.
The state is all decked up to celebrate Modi's birthday and various programs have been planned by BJP units all over the country, but the Prime Minister had requested for muted celebrations in view of the floods in Jammu and Kashmir. He has asked all his well-wishers to help in relief work for the flood victims instead.
#narendra modi #narendra modi birthday #hira baa #shinzo abe
Modi also received a call from Japanese PM Shinzo Abe who wished him on his birthday, in a reflection of the special bonding the two Prime Ministers enjoy.
Modi visited Japan only a fortnight back and the warmth between the two leaders was at display during that.
President Mukherjee called up Modi to wish him. Vice President Hamid Ansari also wished him.
(With additional information from PTI)
Prime Minister Shri @narendramodi taking blessing of his mother in Gandhinagar, Gujarat pic.twitter.com/1VcxWkqD40

Sensex gains 135 points on Fed policy speculationTweet
Mumbai, Sept 17:  
Sensex was up 139 points on the back of good demand for IT and capital goods stocks. The benchmark index opened on a positive note at 26,627 against the previous close of 26,493. It made a high of 26,683 and low of 26,512 before closing at 26,631.
The turnover on the BSE was down at Rs 3,898 crore against Rs 4,369 crore logged on Tuesday.
On the NSE, Nifty was up 43 per cent at 7,975.
Most cement stocks on the BSE gained on hopes that the demand will revive with the southwest monsoon receding slowly.
Among IT stocks, Infosys gained two per cent to Rs 3,740 as the company said during market hours that Japan’s leading retailer Muji has deployed its InteractEdge software which will provide superior shopping experience through real time insights into the buying behaviour of customers.
Tata Consultancy Services was up one per cent at Rs 2,588 while Wipro rose one per cent to Rs 567. Wipro said that the company's subsidiary Wipro Arabia has entered into a strategic partnership with Saudi-based Saudi Electricity Company, the largest power utility company in the Middle East serving about 5 million customers in Saudi Arabia. Tech Mahindra and HCL Techologies were up 0.24 per cent and one per cent at Rs 2,427 and Rs 1,626.
Capital goods stocks that gained include ABB (India) (up 6%), Bharat Heavy Electricals (up 2%), BEML (up 1%), Bharat Electronics (up 1.19%), Crompton Greaves (up 4%), L&T (up 0.25%), Punj Lloyd (up 0.26%) and Siemens (up 3%).
SAIL was down 2% to Rs 75.55 on unconfirmed news that the Government is likely to offer five per cent discount on stake sale slated between September 24 and 26.
Major gainers were Nalco (7%), ABB (6%), Pipava Dockyard (4%), Bajaj Fin Service (4%), Crompoten Greaves (4%), Infratel (4%), Andhra Bank (4%), J&K Bank (4%) and CESC (4%).
Prominent losers were Reliance Communication (-4%), Shriram City Union Finance (4%), IRB (-4%) and Indian Hotels (-3%).
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

India aims for better relations with China on Xi s visitNarendra Modi aims for stronger relations with China on Xi's India visit
Rupam Jain Nair     Ahmedabad   Last Updated: September 17, 2014  | 09:59 IST
Police personnel patrol on their horses past a boarding with images of (L-R) Prime Minister Narendra Modi, China's President Xi Jinping and Anandiben Patel, Chief Minister of Gujarat, ahead of Xi's arrival in Ahmedabad (Photo: Reuters)
The electricity board in this Indian city has been instructed to avoid any power cuts and officials have been told to have their shoes polished and their shirts tucked in: Nothing has been left to chance for this week's visit by Chinese President Xi Jinping.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is determined to build closer relations with the world's second-largest economy, whose leader comes with pledges to invest billions of dollars in railways, industrial parks and roads.
He hopes that when Xi arrives in his home state of Gujarat on Wednesday, marking the first visit to India by a Chinese President since 2006, the leaders of the world's two most populous nations will establish a personal rapport.
"The two... have the opportunity to craft a new kind of relationship between great powers that is very different from the Western-dominated, post-World War Two model of great power ties," said Jabin Jacob of the Institute of Chinese Studies in New Delhi.
"It remains to be seen, however, whether Modi and Xi can together summon the vision and statesmanship needed to grab the opportunity," he wrote in a commentary before the visit.
In one sign that the government wants the visit to be a success, it asked the Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama to reschedule an event in the capital so that it would not clash with the Chinese President's trip in the national capital on Friday.
The Dalai Lama, who Beijing labels a separatist seeking an independent Tibet, has lived in India since fleeing across the Himalayas after a failed uprising in his homeland in 1959.
MODI'S "INTENSIVE" FOREIGN POLICY
But despite the moonlight dinner that the two leaders will share in a luxury tent on the banks of the Sabarmati river as Modi celebrates his 64th birthday, strains between the nuclear-armed neighbours remain, and the prime minister has made it clear that his regional foreign policy will be robust.
In a little more than 100 days since he came to power, Modi has engaged in what his government describes as "an intensive state of global engagement", reaching out to smaller neighbours and clasping Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in a bear hug on his first major trip outside South Asia.
Business ties between India and China may be growing fast, but relations between the two rising powers are also defined by competition for energy and regional clout, as well as a festering border dispute that led to a brief war 52 years ago.
The government said on Tuesday it would firmly defend its 3,500-km (2,200-mile) border with China after domestic media reported a new face-off on the disputed frontier.
The Hindustan Times reported that more than 200 soldiers of the People's Liberation Army crossed into what India considers its territory in Ladakh in the western Himalayas last week, and set about building a 2-km (1.2-mile) road there.
Separately, the Modi government has eased restrictions on building roads and military facilities along its border with China to close the gap on its neighbour's superior transport network and take a stronger stance towards Beijing.
And this week, India extended a $100 million export credit for defence deals with Vietnam, one of China's rivals for influence in the South China Sea.
Modi is not the only regional leader seeking strategic influence, defence partners and economic opportunities.
Earlier this month Abe visited Bangladesh and Sri Lanka, asserting Tokyo's interest in a region where it has ceded influence to China.
Xi followed this week with trips to the Maldives, the Indian Ocean island nation that New Delhi has long considered its area of influence, and Sri Lanka, where the two sides built on a blossoming relationship by agreeing to launch negotiations for a free trade agreement.
(Reuters)

Shilpa Shetty: I am a big solitairefan“I love jewellery and I can't step out without having one on my body," Shilpa told IANS. (Source: Twitter)
Indo-Asian News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 17, 2014 9:29 am
Bollywood actress-producer and entrepreneur Shilpa Shetty says she can’t step out without a piece of jewellery or accessory, especially a solitaire.
“I love jewellery and I can’t step out without having one on my body,” Shilpa told IANS.
“I am a big solitaire fan and I feel that goes with every look of mine. Whether it’s western wear or Indian wear, a solitaire with earrings is good to go,” added the actress. She was talking on the sidelines of the launch of Anmol jewellery store in the capital Tuesday.
Looking pretty in a pre-stitched sari and full sleeves black blouse by designer Masaba Gupta, she accentuated her look with an elegant neck piece.
Wife of businessman Raj Kundra and mother of two-year-old son Viaan, Shilpa looked like a diva in her hourglass figure and inimitable smile.
The actress doled out tips on how to choose the right jewellery for the festive season.
“Make sure that the piece is not heavy, but still oozes out glamour. Choose jewellery according to your body type rather than going with other’s opinions,” she said.
Anmol Jewellers newly opened store is located in Greater Kailash market.

A R Rahman: Television has becomebig"I started with 'Wonder Balloon'. Since then, television has changed a lot. It has become so big... It has high-definition now," the Oscar-winning composer said.
Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai | Posted: September 17, 2014 9:20 am
Music maestro A.R. Rahman, who acted in TV show “Wonder Balloon” in 1980, is back on television, but this time as a composer for Ashutosh Gowariker’s show “EVEREST”. He says in the last 34 years, the medium has become very big.
“I started with ‘Wonder Balloon’. Since then, television has changed a lot. It has become so big… It has high-definition now,” the Oscar-winning composer said here Tuesday at the promo and poster launch of “EVEREST”.
Rahman, who had earlier collaborated with Gowariker for his movies like “Lagaan”, “Jodhaa Akbar” and “Swades”, will now compose for the TV show, produced and written by the filmmaker.
“Ashutosh has given me so many good songs in his movies. It is a great start for me with Ashutosh and Star Plus,” he said.
“Ashutosh came to me with a concept, which was so intriguing and beautiful. He has briefed me about 12 characters. In fact, we finished the theme song three days back. We have tried to make it very orchestral,” he added.
I started with 'Wonder Balloon'. Since then, television has changed a lot. It has become so big... It has high-definition now.

Express 5: Xi Jinping arrives today; BJP suffers worst setback in UPbypollsWe recommend that you go through these stories from The Indian Express before starting your day.
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 17, 2014 9:13 am | Updated: September 17, 2014 10:25 am
We recommend that you go through these stories from The Indian Express before starting your day:
1. The arrival of Chinese President Xi Jinping
As Chinese President Xi Jinping arrives in Ahmedabad on Wednesday with a bouquet of investment deals aimed at surpassing Japan’s $35 billion commitment, PM Modi on Tuesday set the stage for the bilateral talks, terming it “Inch towards Miles”.
READ: ‘Inch towards Miles’ is Modi mantra as Xi arrives today 
2. Setback in UP, leaders sulk
Four months after its stunning victory in the Lok Sabha elections, the BJP suffered a setback in the assembly bypolls on Thursday, losing 13 of the 23 seats held by it in Uttar Pradesh, Rajasthan and Gujarat.
READ: Worst setback in UP, leaders sulk: Wish we had Rajnath, Kalyan Singh 
3. Jammu and Kashmir Floods
A man with his daughter at the Government Bone and Joints Hospital in Srinagar . (Express photo by Shuaib Masoodi)
With the three major hospitals in Srinagar city remaining shut since the onslaught of floods, the Valley is on the brink of a healthcare crisis.
READ: Valley faces healthcare crisis
4. Opinion
In Uttar Pradesh, the results of the by-elections for 11 assembly seats and one Lok Sabha seat have proved to be dramatically different from those of May 2014.
READ: Uttar Pradesh lesson by Sudha Pai
5. Sports
Sprinter Dutee Chand, who had tested for excess androgen that made her ineligible to compete in the women’s category, has refused to undergo hormone therapy or any surgical intervention. READ: I am what I am, says sprinter Dutee , refuses hormone therapy by Vinayak Bhushan Padmadeo

Piramal to buy Ramky s infra projects | Ramk...You are here: Home > Collections
Ajay Piramal Group leads race to buy 3 highway projects of Ramky Infrastructure
Sabarinath M & CR Sukumar, ET Bureau Sep 17, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Ajay Piramal group
(Piramal group has emerged…)
MUMBAI/HYDERABAD: The Ajay Piramal group has emerged as the front runner to purchase three highway projects of Hyderabad-based Ramky Infrastructure, signaling that cash-rich investors are keen on infusing life into the battered roads sector amid the Narendra Modi government's overall push to revive infrastructure as it looks to boost the economy.
The structured investment group of the real estate to financial services conglomerate owned by billionaire Piramal has signed a non-binding agreement and started final due diligence, said two persons with direct knowledge of the deal.
The group "has signed a nonbinding agreement to buy ownership of Ramky Eslamex Hyderabad Ring Road, Sehore Kosmi Tollways and NAM Expressway," said one of the persons cited above.
The diversified business conglomerate plans to purchase a majority 51% stake and take management control with an investment horizon of more than six years as part of its strategy to acquire such projects that could see it becoming the country's biggest roads operator.
Piramal is betting that the sector will recover after sluggish progress during the previous UPA administration due to legal and bureaucratic hurdles. The Modi government wants to get infrastructure projects moving again as it seeks to put India on an accelerated growth track. The Piramal group is targeting a 16% return from investments in road projects and has teamed up with SBI Caps to identify assets it can acquire. An Piramal spokesperson declined to comment on what it said was market speculation.
The deal, which will help Ramky retire some of its Rs 2,700 crore debt, is likely to be finalised at a valuation of Rs 700-750 crore. "Given the current fall in traffic flows and trimmed down traffic projections, Ramky Infrastructure expects a combined valuation of around Rs 720 crore for its equity investments in these three road assets as against some Rs 900 crore expected a few months back," said a senior executive with Ramky Infra.
Many developers borrowed heavily to build road assets but later ran into problems due to falling toll collections. About 200 road projects with a combined equity investment of Rs 60,000 crore are up for sale as promoters face liquidity problems after the economic downturn squeezed toll collections, throwing business plans out of gear. Ramky owns all of Ramky Eslamex and Sehore Kosmi, while having a 50% stake in NAM Expressway, with IL&FS holding the rest.
Founded in 1994, Ramky Infrastructure is primarily engaged in water and wastewater, irrigation, lift irrigation, dams and barrages. It also constructs shopping malls, apart from residential and commercial buildings.
The Ajay Piramal group is close to finalising six transactions worth Rs 2,000 crore. The group plans to bring road assets under a common umbrella by appointing a separate management team headed by a chief operating officer.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex opens in green; pharma  metal  power stocks gainSensex opens in green; pharma, metal, power stocks gain
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 17, 2014, 09.30AM IST
Tags:
Midcap Index
MUMBAI: The S&P BSE Sensex pared some of the intraday gains after a positive start even as the Asian markets remained firm. Profit booking has picked up in broader markets for second straight session.
"Basic trend of the market is still bullish and buying on dips should be the strategy with a medium term view of three months. The market is having strong support between 26,500 and 26,300 (for Nifty 7,930 and 7,870). We are of the view that the market would consolidate between 26,300 and 27,100 (7,870 and 8,100) before entering into any major trending move," said Shrikant Chouhan, Head- Technical Research, Kotak Securities.
At 09:45 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 26,527.90, up 35.39 points or 0.13 per cent. It touched a high of 26,655.65 and a low of 26,526.40 in early trade.
The Nifty was at 7,943.30, up 10.40 points or 0.13 per cent. It touched a high of 7,983.95 and a low of 7,943.05 in early trade.
"We will give first preference to banks, auto and cement stocks to buy with a medium term view and capital goods, infra and metal in the second preference list. Top midcap stocks, with track record of 15 years, along with strong price formation should be on the radar with a long term view. We like cement and technology stocks from the BSE mid cap basket," Chouhan added.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index was down 0.44 per cent and the S&P BSE Smallcap Index declined 0.14 per cent.
Among the sectoral indices, the S&P BSE IT Index was up 0.59 per cent, the S&P BSE Metal Index moved 0.34 per cent higher and the S&P BSE FMCG Index edged up 0.13 per cent.
The S&P BSE Auto Index was 0.58 per cent lower, the S&P BSE Power Index was down 0.37 per cent and the S&P BSE Capital goods Index declined 0.28 per cent.
Hindalco (up 1.31 per cent), Sun Pharma (up 1.08 per cent), Tata Power (up 0.84 per cent), TCS (up 0.79 per cent) and GAIL (up 0.76 per cent) were among the major Sensex gainers.
Cipla (1.58 per cent), ONGC (1.02 per cent), Sesa Sterlite (0.82 per cent), Maruti (0.81 per cent) and Tata Motors (0.76 per cent) were among the top losers.
The market breadth was positive on the BSE with 1029 gainers against 815 losers.
The foreign institutional investors were net sellers worth Rs 828.95 crore and domestic institutional investors were net buyers worth Rs 465.61 crore on Tuesday as per the provisional data from the National Stock Exchange.
The Asian markets were witnessing some buying action. The Nikkei 225 was up 0.14 per cent, the Hang Seng surged 1.09 per cent, Taiwan Weighted gained 1.17 per cent and Seoul Composite jumped 0.77 per cent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

BJP wins Noida Assembly seatUpdated: September 17, 2014 09:42 IST
BJP wins Noida Assembly seat
Damini Nath
BJP’s Vimla Batham celebrates her win in the Assembly by-election at Noida. PHOTO: ANKIT PANDEY
NOTA gains ground, comes in fourth
Bharatiya Janata Party candidate Vimla Batham was elected from Noida in the September 13 Assembly by-poll, the results of which were announced here on Tuesday. She polled more than double her nearest rival.
The 62-year-old entrepreneur and long-time BJP women’s wing member defeated Samajwadi Party’s Kajal Sharma by a margin of 58,952 votes, which was 60 per cent of the total 1,66,576 votes. Ms. Batham got 1,00,433 votes, while Ms. Sharma received 41,481.
In the top four was the ‘none of the above’ (NOTA) option. While the Congress’s Rajendra Awana came third with 17,212 votes, a total of 1,846 people chose NOTA, making it the fourth most popular option.
Meanwhile, Ms. Batham’s victory was one of three seats won by the saffron party in the Uttar Pradesh Assembly by-election. The grandmother of four celebrated her win with neighbours and friends at her Sector 33 residence, after visiting a nearby temple with her family.
“The people of Noida chose an educated candidate with a clean image and the one who will deliver on the development promises,” said Ms. Batham, referring to the pending criminal charges against other candidates and her own double M.A. qualification.
Ms. Batham said she would work towards development for all communities as well as urban and rural residents, taking cue from Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s ‘sabka saath, sabka vikas’ slogan. She said the BJP’s strong cadre in Gautam Budh Nagar district had helped her win.
Originally from Shahjahanpur in Western U.P., Ms. Batham moved to Noida in 1992. She runs a printing press and a corrugated box manufacturing business. Ms. Batham succeeded former BJP MLA Mahesh Sharma, who was elected the Gautam Budh Nagar MP in the parliamentary elections in May.

Attack on Ujjain University VC a  Talibani act : CongComments
Congress on Tuesday condemned the attack on Vikram University vice-chancellor (VC) Jawaharlal Kaul by a group of saffron activists and said their behaviour was similar to Taliban's actions.
The Congress said it is shameful that in the city of Rishi Sandipani, renowned across the world for its traditions and culture, has witnessed the ugly incident where a vice-chancellor has been beaten up.
Pradesh Congress Committee (PCC) president Arun Yadav termed it an unpardonable act. Yadav said that while chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan recently told the police to act fearlessly against the criminals and hooligans, the incident in Ujjain shows that there is no fear among such elements in the state.
The party questioned the law-and-order situation in the state and has demanded stern action against the perpetrators of the act.
It has asked how the Bajrang Dal and VHP could go to the extent of beating up a teacher, especially, within days of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Teacher's Day speech. The Congress has also demanded security for students hailing from Jammu & Kashmir, who are living and studying in the state.

BSE Sensex  Nifty Edge Higher Amid Broad GainsYou are here: Home Market
BSE Sensex, Nifty Edge Higher Amid Broad Gains
NDTV | Updated On: September 17, 2014 09:28 (IST)
Sensex, Nifty Hit Record; Banks Surge on Kotak-ING Deal
BSE Sensex and Nifty were higher today tracking a rebound in global markets on speculation that the Federal Reserve would maintain a pledge on low rates when a two-day policy meeting ends later today.
Asian shares crept cautiously higher on Wednesday after Wall Street rebounded overnight. The Dow hit a fresh record while the US dollar took a knock after the Wall Street Journal's Fed watcher Jon Hilsenrath said the central bank would keep the words "considerable time" in its policy statement, though it might qualify them.
The phrase has become a touchstone in markets for when the Fed might start raising interest rates and dropping it would be taken as a hawkish step.
Global markets also got a boost by a news report that China's central bank was pumping more liquidity into the country's five largest banks. The report cited a banking analyst saying the People's Bank of China would provide 100 billion yuan to each bank for a three month period.
The Sensex was up 135 points to 26,627 while Nifty rose 41 points to 7,974. The gains were broad-based with all the sectoral indices on BSE in the green. The BSE midcap index rose 0.80 per cent while smallcap index advanced over 1 per cent. (With Agency Inputs)
Story first published on: September 17, 2014 09:28 (IST)

SAIL Share Sale to Hit Markets Between September 24  26: ReportApple $450 Million E-book Settlement Gets Final Court Approval
New Delhi: Disinvestment of a 5 per cent stake in state-run Steel Authority of India Ltd (SAIL) is likely to take place between September 24 and 26, a senior government official said on Tuesday.
The sale, of about 20.65 crore shares, at the current market price of Rs 77.15 apiece would fetch the exchequer around Rs 1,600 crore.
"The disinvestment is likely to happen any day between September 24 and September 26 through the OFS route," the official said, adding that roadshows for the share sale are already over.
Domestic roadshows for the issue were held in Mumbai and Chennai. Two teams were sent to meet overseas investors. While one visited London, New York and Boston, the other solicited participation of investors based in Singapore and Hong Kong.
Government would kick-start its ambitious disinvestment programme with SAIL. It is proposing to garner Rs 43,425 crore from share sale in the PSUs, of which about 30 per cent may come from a 5 per cent stake sale, worth Rs 18,000 crore, in ONGC.
Apart from SAIL, Coal India, NHPC, PFC and REC are on the block among others. The government has been using the OFS route for disinvestment of PSUs.
The Cabinet had in July 2012 approved a 10.82 per cent stake sale in the country's largest steel maker. Accordingly, the first tranche of disinvestment of 5.82 per cent was done in March 2013.
Retail investors would be offered an additional incentive of an increased investment quota as well as discount to the issue price, which would be announced a day before the OFS. The government might announce the issue date two days prior to the OFS.
Capital market regulator Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) had in January, 2013 permitted the promoters of top 100 companies to use the auction route or OFS route to dilute stake in listed companies. It also permitted OFS in those PSUs which were to meet the minimum 25 per cent public holding norm.
Story first published on: September 16, 2014 19:07 (IST)

Buy rs software current price for 100% appreciation after results are ...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Now sold at 2387........sl 2411  targets 2368-2354-2342Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Sms commo to 09358004832 for mcx free trail. accurecy more than 90%. s...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Rupee strengthens to 60.96 in early tradeRupee ends up at 60.91
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 17:  
The rupee gained for a second consecutive session to close at 60.91 against the dollar on the back of stronger Asian currencies on expectations that US Federal Reserve would not hike policy rates.
After opening stronger by 11 paise at 60.95 per dollar against the previous close of 61.06, the rupee gained to 60.88 tracking Asian currencies and capital flows into the domestic equity market.
Emerging markets were also helped by news of China’s Central Bank’s investment of a combined 500 billion yuan ($81.35 billion) into the country's top banks.
During the day, the domestic unit declined to 61.02 as investors awaited the outcome of the US central bank meeting later on Wednesday.
Call drops, Bond rates end flat
The interbank call money rate, the rate at which banks borrow short-term funds from one another, ended lower at 7.95 per cent from the previous close of 7.80 per cent on Tuesday.
The price and yield on the benchmark 8.40 per cent government security maturing in 2024, closed flat from Tuesday’s close of Rs 99.34 and 8.49 per cent, respectively.
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

Dancing With the StarsBy Emily Yahr September 16 Follow @emilyyahr
“Dancing With the Stars” cast Season 19. (Ida Mae Astute/ABC)
“Dancing With the Stars” kicked off Season 19 with a fancy new opening number and its first ever YouTube star. Because there were 13 contestants and only two hours, the show didn’t waste any time on small talk, diving right into the performances.
Even new fourth judge Julianne Hough was barely introduced except for an acknowledgment of her, shall we say, “extremely low cut” dress? “Now we go to our newest addition to the judging panel who clearly is bursting with enthusiasm,” co-host Tom Bergeron said at the top of the show as Julianne just laughed.
And though “DWTS” made a lot of fuss about her joining the show , Julianne didn’t really say or do anything particularly memorable except toss off a few puns. If anything, her presence made everything feel more rushed, as four judges meant there was less time for each person to talk — and we know how much Carrie Ann Inaba, Len Goodman and Bruno Tonioli love to talk.
Here’s our rankings for the premiere, including which contestant has the most compelling storyline. (Oh and if you bet “about 30 seconds” for how long it would take Lolo Jones to tell the cameras she’s waiting until marriage to have sex? Congrats, you won.)
RANK: 1
Alfonso Ribeiro/Witney Carson (Jive, judge score: 9, 9, 9, 9 for a total of 36 points)
Occupation: Actor
Age: 42
Best known for: Like you need to ask! (Okay, some do: He’s Carlton from “Fresh Prince of Bel-Air”)
Performance: He got the closing slot so there’s no question who the producers want to win. Sure enough, he rocked it out and the judges were thrilled. Len called it the best dance out of anyone. “What a show,” Bruno gushed. “You’re the king of the night.”
Storyline: Sigh — he wants to prove he’s more than just that guy from the Will Smith sitcom. (Sorry Alfonso, but no one’s going to be happy until you do the Carlton dance.)
RANK: 2
Lea Thompson/Artem Chigvintsev (Foxtrot, judge score: 8, 8, 8, 8 for a total of 32 points)
Occupation: Actress
Age: 53
Best known for: Starring as Marty McFly’s mom in “Back to the Future”; also headlined NBC’s ’90s sitcom “Caroline in the City.”
Performance: Surprisingly solid. “We could have a blockbuster on our hands,” Bruno raved, though he and Julianne thought she needed to work on her posture. Carrie Ann called it one of the best first foxtrots she’s ever seen on the show.
Storyline: Chance to achieve a childhood dream. When she was younger, she wanted to be a ballet dancer and studied with Mikhail Baryshnikov; but her teacher told her she was “too stocky.” Ouch! Time for a comeback.
RANK: 3
Randy Couture/Karina Smirnoff (Foxtrot, judge score: 8, 7, 8, 8 for a total of 31 points)
Occupation: Mixed martial arts athlete
Age: 51
Best known for: UFC champion fighting
Performance: Unexpectedly talented, expertly twirling Karina around the dance floor. Carrie Ann practically fell out of her chair saying she got weak in the knees. Julianne declared she’s “randy for Randy.” “She’s practically lactating!” yelled Bruno, grossing out everyone.
Storyline: Trying to revamp his image from an intense fighter into an elegant dancer — could be the token athlete who does great this year.
RANK: 4
Jonathan Bennett/Allison Holker (Jive, judge scores: 8, 7, 7, 8 for a total of 30 points)
Occupation: Actor
Age: 33
Best known for: “Mean Girls” — he played Aaron “your hair looks sexy pushed back” Samuels, Lindsay Lohan’s crush.
Performance: Pretty good, if a little goofy, though he had a great time. Judges called him a natural, polished performer who has potential while Julianne called it “grool.” (That’s a “Mean Girls” joke.)
Storyline: Sorry, no one’s going to beat this: Jonathan’s dad passed away a few months ago and his favorite show was “Dancing With the Stars.” “Ever since he died, I just have felt like the spark inside me is kind of gone,” Jonathan said during rehearsal, starting to tear up. “And now, already, I feel better.”
RANK: 5
Sadie Robertson/Mark Ballas (Cha cha, judge score: 8, 8, 9, 9 for a total of 34 points.)
Occupation: Reality star
Age: 17
Best known for: Being the granddaughter of controversial patriarch Phil Robertson on A&E’s hugely popular show “Duck Dynasty”; her parents are Willie and Korie, who were naturally in the audience.
Performance: Excellent, considering she’s never danced before. “You’re a star, honey,” Carrie Ann said, sounding surprised. Len also loved it, calling it “really lovely.” Julianne tried to give her a triumphant moment saying “Introducing Sadie Robinson!” apparently unaware that her name is “Robertson.”
Storyline: She wants to strike out on her own, but that seems unlikely given that her dad has to approve every outfit. Can she make a name for herself outside of her family’s reality show?
RANK: 6
Bethany Mota/Derek Hough (Jive, judge score: 8, 8, 8, 8 for a total of 32 points)
Occupation: YouTube sensation-turned-designer
Age: 18
Best known for: Her cheerful fashion and shopping videos that landed her a clothing line with Aeropostale.
Performance: Perfectly adequate job, though she didn’t really stand out among all the other strong personalities. Don’t worry though, having Derek as a partner will likely ensure she sticks around. Carrie Ann was pleasantly surprised, while Len dubbed it “terrific.” Julianne said it was “sunshine in a box,” which is something.
Storyline: Can an unknown name triumph as a result of having a gazillion social media followers?
RANK: 7
Tommy Chong/Peta Murgatroyd (Cha cha, judge score: 7, 6, 7, 7 for a total of 27 points)
Occupation: Actor and “the original stoner”
Age: 76
Best known for: The “Cheech & Chong” movies with his buddy Cheech Marin, the subject of lots of marijuana jokes.
Performance: Cheech bet Chong he couldn’t get on the show, which sounds like the beginning of one of their movies, though it’s actually what happened. (Cheech even showed up for a cameo.) His actual dance moves were strangely great as he grooved to “Drop It Like It’s Hot.” “You are extremely sexy,” Carrie Ann gushed. Bruno called him “cool Grandpa” as opposed to bad Grandpa. Even Len admitted he was secretly dreading the performance and was happily surprised.
Storyline: Could he be the oldest contestant to go far in the competition? Really, everyone loved him. Could be a dark horse.
RANK: 8
Antonio Sabato Jr./Cheryl Burke (Cha cha, judge score: 6, 6, 6, 7 for a total of 25 points)
Occupation: Actor/model
Age: 42
Best known for: ABC’s “General Hospital”
Performance: Len harped on his footwork (something about how he clearly has dancing in his blood, but it hasn’t reached his feet). Julianne agreed it was flat-footed, though complimented his dazzling smile.
Storyline: Overcome his “sex symbol” status to become an actual competitor — no matter what Cheryl tells him during rehearsal, the judges want more than just his beautiful face.
RANK: 9
Janel Parrish/Val Chmerkovskiy (Jive, judge score: 7, 7, 7, 8 for a total of 29 points)
Occupation: Actress
Age: 25
Best known for: Playing tragically creepy Mona on ABC Family’s “Pretty Little Liars”
Performance: Bruno called it “spicy hot chili” and compared Janel to J-Lo. Carrie declared that she had great potential, and even Len was pleased at how she fared on week one. Julianne called her “sharp, raw, sexy and fierce.”
Storyline: The love-hate banter between her and Val that the producers are clearly trying to turn into flirtation — but maybe not since Val said Janel has as much swag as his grandma.
RANK: 10
Tavis Smiley/Sharna Burgess (Foxtrot, judge score: 7, 7, 8, 7 for a total of 29 points)
Occupation: Talk show host/author
Age: 50
Best known for: Hosting “Tavis Smiley” on PBS
Performance: His goofy dance moves in rehearsal were more delightful than his foxtrot, but the judges loved it. Julianne proclaimed it “awesome” and that he seemed very comfortable, while Bruno was pleased that he was having so much fun.
Storyline: Will Tavis successfully shed his “serious” personality (after years of interviewing politicians and Hollywood heavyweights on his talk show) and show everyone he can have a little fun?
RANK: 11
Lolo Jones/Keo Motsepe (Cha cha, judge score: 6, 6, 5, 5 for a total of 22 points)
Occupation: Olympic athlete (track and field, bobsled)
Age: 32
Best known for: Competing in track and field at the 2012 Summer Olympics and making the bobsled team at the 2014 Winter Olympics. She’s also become famous for sharing many details about her personal life.
Performance: Pretty bad – even Lolo pronounced it “awful.” In fact, she barely let the judges talk as she interrupted to explain that something went wrong in the beginning and she never got her footing back. Though she offered enough bold personality that she has an equal shot of a) scaring off the voting audience b) intriguing people to want more.
Storyline: Can she be sexy…if she’s never had sex?! “I’m one of the rare people who is waiting to have sex til they’re married,” Lolo explained to Keo in rehearsals, explaining why she might have trouble with “intimate” dances. (Keo agreed that since “she hasn’t been that close to a man before,” they would have a lot of work to do.)
RANK: 12
Betsey Johnson/Tony Dovolani (Cha cha, judge score: 5, 5, 5, 5 for a total of 20 points)
Occupation: Designer
Age: 72
Best known for: Her stores with high-end quirky clothes and accessories.
Performance: Fine and then awkward. She was supposed to do a trick with a feather boa at the end, but it got stuck on her foot and she defaulted to her famous cartwheel and splits that she does at the end of fashion shows. The judges seemed genuinely sorry that things went awry, as Len called it very entertaining.
Storyline: The eccentric grandma who loves doing the splits and really loves the Mirror Ball Trophy — even if she’s far from the most talented.
Michael Waltrip/Emma Slater (Cha cha, judge scores: 7, 6, 6, 6 for a total of 25 points)
Occupation: NASCAR driver
Age: 51
Best known for: Winning Daytona 500 and other championships; his brother, Darrell Waltrip, is also a racing champ.
Performance: Fine and forgettable, which isn’t a good idea in the first week. Carrie Ann declared it fantastic, but too simple. Len disapproved, calling it too uptight: “The engine was running but you never got out of first gear.” (There were a lot of racecar metaphors.)
Storyline: NASCAR dude who just happens to find himself in Hollywood and hoping to bring some of his Southern charm to please the crowd.
Emily Yahr covers pop culture and entertainment for the Post. Follow her on Twitter @EmilyYahr .

RBI Chief Rajan Says Limiting Reliance on Foreign DebtYou are here: Home Market
RBI Chief Rajan Says Limiting Reliance on Foreign Debt
Reuters | Updated On: September 16, 2014 12:05 (IST)
Sensex, Nifty Hit Record; Banks Surge on Kotak-ING Deal
Mumbai: The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is limiting the country's reliance on foreign debt and will continue to do so, governor Raghuram Rajan said on Tuesday.
"We are limiting our reliance on foreign debt. It's important we keep it this way," he said during a speech to university students.
Dr Rajan's comments came at a time when foreign institutional investors have nearly exhausted their $25 billion allocation in government debt, leading to expectations that India would raise limits soon.
Dr Rajan also said the RBI had reduced the current account deficit "substantially".
The current account deficit for April-June stood at $7.8 billion, sharply higher than $1.3 billion in January-March but narrowing from $21.8 billion a year ago.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Banks feel effects of Fed reverse repoEuropean banks feel effects of Fed’s ‘reverse repo’
By Tracy Alloway and Michael Mackenzie in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/23b44a62-3aa6-11e4-a3f3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

FDI Inflows Jump Two-Fold to $3.5 Billion in JulyNew Delhi: Foreign direct investment (FDI) flows into India more than doubled to $3.5 billion in July, data from the Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion showed on Tuesday.
In July 2013, the country had received FDI worth $1.65 billion.
During April-July this fiscal year, foreign inflows grew 52 per cent to $10.73 billion as compared to $7.05 billion in the same period last year.
Amongst the top 10 sectors, telecommunications received the maximum FDI at $2.33 billion, followed by services ($1 billion), pharmaceuticals ($886 million) and construction ($430 million) during the first-four months of the fiscal year.
During the period, India received the maximum FDI from Mauritius at $3.38 billion, followed by Singapore ($1.66 billion), Netherlands ($1.49 billion), Japan ($834 million), UK ($824 million) and the US ($351 million).
In 2013-14, FDI inflows in India were $24.29 billion as against $22.42 billion in 2012-13.
India requires around $1 trillion in the next five years to overhaul its infrastructure sector, including ports, airports and highways to boost growth.
The government is taking more steps to boost FDI in the country. It has raised the foreign investment limit to 49 per cent in defence manufacturing and relaxed the policy in construction sector.
It has also proposed to increase the FDI cap in insurance to 49 per cent.
Story first published on: September 16, 2014 20:36 (IST)

IEA Appoints Kaushik Basu as President-ElectE-Auction of Coal Blocks to Boost Investor Confidence: Report
New Delhi: The International Economic Association (IEA) has appointed Kaushik Basu, who is Chief Economist and Senior Vice President of the World Bank, as its president-elect.
IEA is one of the most important associations of professional economists, and has been influential in shaping global economic policy and research.
"The International Economic Association (IEA) has appointed Professor Kaushik Basu as president-elect of the Association beginning September 2014. He will continue serving as Senior Vice President and World Bank Chief Economist, a job he started on October 1, 2012," Mr Basu's senior communication officer Merrell J Tuck-Primdahl said in a statement.
A WB Chief Economist is appointed for a 4-year term.
In Mr Basu's case, to take up the WB job, he took leave from Cornell University where he is Professor of Economics and the C Marks Professor of International Studies.
Among IEA past presidents are Nobel laureates Robert Solow, Amartya Sen and Joseph Stiglitz.
With Mr Basu, this will be the second time an Indian will be heading this association that produces a large number of research papers and books and organises round tables on topics of contemporary interest.
Its focal activities include the International Congress organised every three years. The event serves as one of the largest gatherings of economists from around the world.
The 2014 Congress was held at Dead Sea, Jordan. Before that, it was hosted in Beijing, China in 2011.
Story first published on: September 16, 2014 21:57 (IST)

JLR Launches Locally Made Jaguar XJ 2.0You are here: Home Corporates
JLR Launches Locally Produced Jaguar XJ 2.0 at Rs 93.24 Lakh
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 17, 2014 00:25 (IST)
New Delhi: Tata Motors-owned Jaguar Land Rover (JLR) on Tuesday launched locally manufactured Jaguar XJ 2.0L.
The car is priced at Rs 93.24 lakh (ex-showroom Mumbai).
The petrol powered luxury saloon, which is being made at the company' Pune plant, comes after the successful launch of locally produced diesel-powered Jaguar XJ 3.0L earlier this year.
"We are excited to introduce the locally manufactured Jaguar with a 2.0L petrol engine, a first in its segment, at an attractive price point," JLR India vice president Rohit Suri said in a statement.
The recently launched XJ 3.0L Diesel received an overwhelming response from customers across India, he added.
"The introduction of the all-new 2.0L petrol engine is keeping in mind our endeavour to broaden the appeal of this fabulous car to customers who are more inclined towards driving a car with a powerful petrol engine at its heart," Mr Suri said.
The car comes with various luxury features including electrically adjustable rear seats with massage function in three intensity settings, increased rear headroom and rear seat entertainment.
Story first published on: September 16, 2014 23:29 (IST)

Wipro enters Open Source software for better marginsWipro enters Open Source software for better margins
Our Bureau
Bangalore September 16:  
Wipro has launched a new practice with plans of developing open source software.
This practice will help its customers build Open Source-based platforms that enable online services on a higher scale, platforms that process big data and other kinds of services at beneficial price points, according to officials.
Further, Wipro will focus on software applications, IT infrastructure, Internet of Things (IoT), hardware and testing, company officials added. In the product engineering space, reusable or licensable IP blocks that can help shrink product development timelines for the consumer, automotive and networking market segments, said Bhanumurthy BM, Chief Executive, Application Services & Strategic Alliances, Wipro.
The adoption of open source-based technologies is a part of TK Kurien's strategy to get growth back on track with better margins, which he had outlined at the last quarter results. The company also said that it will make 'significant investments' but did not disclose the investment amount.
Industry watchers believe that the pace of adoption of open source software and methodologies led by advancements in analytics, cloud computing and the emerging Internet of Things (IoT) has been on the rise in the last few years as enterprises globally have been looking at software that can be used across different devices.
(This article was published on September 16, 2014)
Related

Intel India seeks disruptive innovation from top mindsIntel India seeks disruptive innovation from top minds
Sangeetha Chengappa
Hosts first career fair designed exclusively for technologists
Bangalore, September 16:  
Recognising the need to mentor, lead and groom its technical talent, which plays a key role in charting out future technology areas for Intel and the industry, Intel India is on a mission to make sure that its employees reach top leadership positions within the company.
Mentoring talent
As the largest non-manufacturing site outside of the US, Intel India, which began its R&D activities in 1999, employs 4,500 people today, of which 94 per cent are in engineering and technical streams.
Intel hosted its first ever Career Fair designed exclusively for technologists last week where technologists interacted with US-based Intel Fellow Keshavan Tiruvallur and heard the inspiring story of his meteoric rise from a board designer to principal engineer in 15 years and his progress thereafter to senior principal engineer and Fellow, a top position at Intel on the technical ladder.
“When we hire engineers for the R&D and Technical streams, they join as individual contributors. However, wider contribution and impact in an engineering role comes from a principal engineer (PE).
Although every engineer cannot rise to become a principal engineer, the idea is to groom technical talent by allowing them to mingle with a Fellow who can mentor and guide them on how they can also grow to become a PE.
Principle posts
“Grooming includes addressing their concerns and other challenges that they face,” Tiruvallur told BusinessLine. Intel India engineers were also addressed by senior business leaders and technologists to provide both management and technical views to a career in tech.
Currently, Intel India has 18 PEs and four senior PEs, which Tiruvallur feels is grossly inadequate. “At least five to six per cent of our engineering headcount has to consist of PEs, which means we need 211-254 PEs to be able to come up with disruptive innovations out of India. We are also assessing the preparedness of our engineers to move up the ladder to become PEs,” he said.
Concurring with Keshavan, Rudramuni B, Executive Director & Head of R&D, Dell India, said, “In order to have complete end-to-end product ownership, at least 8-10 per cent of our engineering talent needs to be PEs who are product architects.” Dell India R&D employs 2,500 engineers and currently has 35 PEs and distinguished engineers.
(This article was published on September 16, 2014)
Related

Nationals win the NL East titleBy James Wagner September 16 Follow @jameswagnerwp
Ian Desmond hits a two-run homer in the sixth inning on Tuesday in Atlanta. (EPA/ERIK S. LESSER)
The Nationals defeated the Braves, 3-0, on Tuesday night in Atlanta and claimed their second National League East title in three seasons. They are the first NL team to clinch a division title this season. This is the earliest in the season any D.C.-based baseball team has clinched a postseason berth, besting the 1933 Senators, who secured a spot on Sept. 21 that year.
The Nationals received a strong pitching performance from Tanner Roark, who fired seven scoreless innings on 89 pitches. He worked easily through the Braves lineup, holding their two most dangerous hitters — Freddie Freeman and Justin Upton – hitless in six at-bats. Tyler Clippard fired a scoreless eighth and Drew Storen notched the save.
Ian Desmond hit a monstrous two-run home run off Braves starter Aaron Harang in the sixth inning, a shot that landed beyond the first section of seats in left field. Jayson Werth drew a walk to lead off the inning, and Desmond clobbered the hanging Harang slider to give the Nationals the crucial home run. Desmond scored an insurance run in the top of the ninth inning when he doubled, Bryce Harper moved him over to third base on a grounder and he scored on a wild pitch by David Carpenter.
For most of the Nationals, this is their second NL East title. For Manager Matt Williams and a number of players who weren’t with the team in 2012 – such as Denard Span, Anthony Rendon, Doug Fister, Rafael Soriano and Roark — this is their first NL East crown.
This is the second NL East title in Nationals history.

Use Burger Kings tax flipSeptember 16, 2014 5:54 pm
Use Burger King’s tax flip to reform business
By Mort Zuckerman
A surge in inversion threatens to damage the prospects for an overhaul, writes Mort Zuckerman
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4ccb9560-3cfc-11e4-871d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Brown endorses new powers for ScotlandBrown asks Scots to back new powers, not ‘chaos’ of separation
By George Parker and Mure Dickie
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7f72c898-3db6-11e4-b782-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

One needs to be wary of PyongyangNorth Korea resembles ‘The Truman Show’
By David Pilling
One needs to be wary of impressions gleaned from Pyongyang, a showcase city
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e6b896d4-3dae-11e4-b782-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Watch: Deepika Padukones firecracker moves in Lovely song teaser from Happy NewYearPrint
The upcoming item number 'Lovely' featuring Deepika Padukone from Happy New Year is sure to leave you breathless and wanting more.
Written by Sunitra Pacheco , Edited by Sarika Sharma | Mumbai | Posted: September 17, 2014 9:35 am | Updated: September 17, 2014 12:37 pm
The music of Farah Khan’s much-awaited ‘ Happy New Year ‘ starring Shah Rukh Khan, Deepika Padukone, Abhishek Bachchan, Boman Irani, Sonu Sood and Vivaan Shah was unveiled at a grand event in Mumbai.
While the first two songs ‘ Indiawaale ’ and ‘ Manwa Laage ’ seemed nothing out of the ordinary, the teaser for their upcoming item number ‘Lovely’ featuring Deepika Padukone is sure to leave you breathless and wanting more.
If you thought Deepika Padukone ‘s moves for the song ‘Dum Maaro Dum’ were sexy, then you’re in for a surprise. The dimpled diva shimmers seductively as the crowds call her name, ‘Mohini’.  (Read: SRK in support of Deepika )
Composed by Dr. Zeus, ‘Lovely’ has been penned by Jiwan Mann, Kumaar and crooned by Kanika Kapoor, Ravindra Upadhyay, Miraya Varma and Fateh.
We can hardly wait for ‘Lovely’ to release!

Oil Min wants Reliance Industries to stop sale of KG-D6 crude to JamnagarE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Markets turn flat after firm opening; Tata Motors dips 1%Markets turn flat after firm opening; Tata Motors dips 1%
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 17, 2014 09:35 AM IST
Markets trimmed early gains after investors turned cautious at higher levels and booked profits ahead of the outcome of the US Fed policy meet which ends later today.
At 9:35AM, the 30-share Sensex was up 110 points at 26,602 and the 50-share Nifty was up 36 points at 7,968.
Meanwhile, foreign funds sold shares worth Rs 829 crore in the cash segment on Tuesday.
The rupee was trading higher at Rs 60.98 against the previous close of Rs 61.05. The rupee recovered on Tuesday from a one-month low hit in the previous session on bargain-hunting, but sentiment was broadly cautious ahead of the outcome of the Federal Reserve's meeting.
Asian shares fimed up on Wednesday tracking overnight gains on Wall Street and on expectations that the US Fed won't raise interest rates soon. Japanese shares were trading with marginal gains while Shanghai Composite and Straits Times  were up 0.6% each while Hang Seng shares surged over 1%.
US markets ended higher on Tuesday after the US Fed in its two-day policy meet which started on Tuesday signalled that it would not raise interest rates as of now. The Dow Jones hit a fresh high intra-day to end up 0.6% at 17,131.97, the tech-laden Nasdaq endedup 0.8% at 4,552.76 and the S&P 500 recorded its highest gain in a month to close 0.8% higher at 1,998.98.
BSE Consumer Durables, Healthcare, Metal and Realty indices were the top gainers up over 1% each.
In the Sensex pack, index heavyweights led the gains with Reliance Ind, ICICI Bank and Infosys up over 0.5% each. TCS was up nearly 0.9%.
Other Sensex gainers include, L&T, Sun Pharma, HDFC and Tata Motors.
FMCG majors ITC and Hindustan Unilever were among the Sensex losers in early trades.
In the financial pack, Axis Bank, ICICI Bank and SBI were up 0.5% each.
Maruti Suzuki was down 0.7%. The company informed that its Manesar facility crosses 25 Lakh production milestone. The Manesar facility achieved the feat in 7 years and 8 months. A glistening grey Swift Zxi was the 2.5 milionth vehicle that rolled out from the Manesar B Line, the company said in a release.
In the broader market, the BSE Mid-cap and Small-cap index were trading flat with negative bias.
Market breadth was weak with 1,029 advances and 815 declines on the BSE.

Nayna sets agenda: 65 days for films  300 to work forpeopleTrinamool Congress workers celebrate Nayna Bandyopadhyay’s win from Chowringhee, Tuesday. (Source: Express photo)
Written by Arshad Ali | Kolkata | Posted: September 17, 2014 10:14 am
She is an actor and she is a politician. She has given up acting in theatre and jatra as it involves “lots of hard work” when compared to the film. But, Nayna Bandopadhyay, the Trinamool Congress’s winner from Chowringhee Assembly seat, now claims that for her the dust and grime of politics will weigh more important than the lights and the greasepaint of Tollywood.
“There are 365 days in a year. While I will shoot for 65 days, I will work for people for 300 days,” Nayna says. She doesn’t have an ongoing project, but her new film, to be directed by Sanjay Guha, will hit the floor in November.
The actor-politician, whose notable works include Amar Tumi, Matribhumi, Desh and Bandhu, sounds very modest about her win by 14,344 votes over the nearest BJP rival Ritest Tiwari. She credits her win to party supremo and Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee. “I was confident of the win because people voted for Mamata Banerjee,” says Nayna who was first elected to the Assembly from Bowbazar seat in 2001.
She says it was her marriage to TMC leader and sitting MP from Kolkata (North), Sudip Bandopadhyay, in 1991, that pushed her towards politics. “After my marriage, I used to travel to Delhi with Sudip. During one such trip, I met Mamata Banerjee who only talked about the welfare of people. That touched my heart and I thought I should enter politics,” she says.
Nayna says, it was the party leadership that asked Sudip to campaign for her. The actor-politician claims she has “an outspoken attitude” that “needs to be tamed”. “I like to call a spade a spade but that might not be good all the time,” the 46-year-old says.
She claims she will never go against against the TMC even if her principles clashed with that of the party. “That will never happen. I will abide by the instructions of the party supremo as an obedient student,” she claims.
The bypoll to Chowringhee seat was necessitated after sitting TMC MLA Sikha Mitra defected to Congress. Sikha is the wife of Somen Mitra, who too, had shifted from TMC to Congress.

No plans for posthumous album: MitchWinehousePress Trust of India | London | Posted: September 17, 2014 10:09 am
Amy Winehouse’s father Mitch has said that there are no plans to release new music from the late singer.
He said he is not interested in ‘ripping people off’ by releasing new versions of her hits, reported Digital Spy.
“We’re not about to put out new albums with different takes on Back To Black. She probably did 15 different versions, but we wouldn’t do that. It’s not fair, we don’t want to rip people off. I would say there is no more new music,” he said.
A posthumous compilation album, titled Lioness: Hidden Treasures, was released in December 2011.
It featured songs chosen by Mark Ronson, Salaam Remi and Winehouse’s family, and peaked at number one in the UK music charts.
Winehouse died in 2011 at the age of 27 from accidental alcohol poisoning. She suffered from both drug and alcohol addiction throughout her life.

Kim Kardashian defends Kanye West over wheelchaircontroversyPrint
Indo-Asian News Service | Los Angeles | Posted: September 17, 2014 10:02 am
The 33-year-old mother of one posted a lengthy message along with a short clip of West’s Australian show on
Instagram, reported Ace Showbiz. (Source: Instagram)
Reality TV star Kim Kardashian defended her husband, Kanye West, who recently received backlash after he halted his concert in Australia asking a fan in wheelchair to stand up.
The 33-year-old mother of one posted a lengthy message along with a short clip of West’s Australian show on Instagram, reported Ace Showbiz.
“What an amazing Australian tour! It’s frustrating that something so awesome could be clouded by lies in the media. Kanye never asked anyone in a wheelchair to stand up and the audience videos show that. He asked for everyone to stand up and dance unless they were in a wheelchair,” she wrote.
West had also slammed media for making him look like ‘a bad person’. He even halted his show in Brisbane to address the wheelchair controversy.
Kanye never asked anyone in a wheelchair to stand up and the audience videos show that.

Madhuri Dixit practising hard for Jhalak Dikhhla JaafinaleMadhuri Dixit tweeted: Been practicing for the Jhalak finale! Pushing the limits hard... hope you like it!
Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai | Posted: September 17, 2014 9:57 am | Updated: September 17, 2014 10:29 am
Actress Madhuri Dixit may be a pro at dancing, but when it comes to performance, she believes in rehearsing.
She judges dance reality show ‘Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa’ along with filmmaker Karan Johar and choreographer-director Remo D’Souza.
If contestants are slogging to win the title, Madhuri too is pushing the limits for her performance at the finale of the celebrity dance show.
“Been practicing for the Jhalak finale! Pushing the limits hard… hope you like it!” Madhuri tweeted Tuesday.
Ashish Sharma, Karan Tacker, Mouni Roy and Shakti Mohan will be seen vying for the winners trophy at the finale, which will be aired Saturday on Colors.

Rupee strengthens to 60.95 in early tradeRupee ends up at 60.91
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 17:  
The rupee gained for a second consecutive session to close at 60.91 against the dollar on the back of stronger Asian currencies on expectations that US Federal Reserve would not hike policy rates.
After opening stronger by 11 paise at 60.95 per dollar against the previous close of 61.06, the rupee gained to 60.88 tracking Asian currencies and capital flows into the domestic equity market.
Emerging markets were also helped by news of China’s Central Bank’s investment of a combined 500 billion yuan ($81.35 billion) into the country's top banks.
During the day, the domestic unit declined to 61.02 as investors awaited the outcome of the US central bank meeting later on Wednesday.
Call drops, Bond rates end flat
The interbank call money rate, the rate at which banks borrow short-term funds from one another, ended lower at 7.95 per cent from the previous close of 7.80 per cent on Tuesday.
The price and yield on the benchmark 8.40 per cent government security maturing in 2024, closed flat from Tuesday’s close of Rs 99.34 and 8.49 per cent, respectively.
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

Cognizant to acquire US-based Trizetto for about $2.7 billionCognizant
("With more than $3 bn in combined…)
BANGALORE: Cognizant Technology Solutions, the cheetah-turned-hare of India's software services pack, will buy US-based healthcare software specialist TriZetto for $2.7 billion (around Rs 16,400 crore) in cash, marking the biggest acquisition to date for the Indian IT sector and once again showcasing the chutzpah the company has come to be known for.
Nasdaq-listed Cognizant, which is headquartered in the US but has most of its workforce in India, said on Monday it was buying Colorado-based and privately held TriZetto from private equity firm Apax Partners, and that the deal would boost its profits and revenues.
This buyout will help it take the pole position among all Indian IT outsourcers in the healthcare software space, where the US market alone is believed to offer a $2.7-trillion business opportunity.
"We are very excited with this acquisition," said Cognizant's CEO Francisco D'Souza, adding that the buyout offered the company "significant and complementary new market opportunities, expertise and intellectual property" including some $1.5 billion of potential revenue synergies over the next five years.
"Healthcare is undergoing structural shifts due to reform, cost pressure and shifting responsibilities between payers and providers. This creates a significant growth opportunity, which TriZetto will help us capture," he said. While analysts cheered the deal (Jefferies analyst Jason Kupferberg said TriZetto will "significantly enhance" Cognizant's competitive position in the healthcare vertical), investor reaction was more tepid, with shares in the firm marginally down at around $44.6 in early US trading.
But more importantly, the deal marks a rare display of ambition from the highly conservative Indian IT sector, which has shied away from bigbang acquisitions, preferring to use its cash hoard to buy small firms or buy operations of clients to bolster revenues.
For many industry watchers, the deal was vintage Cognizant, a company that has over the past five years disrupted the pecking order in Indian IT by outgrowing and overtaking bigger rivals Infosys and Wipro. They said it was a demonstration that the company, which began life as a subsidiary of IMS Health in the late 1990s, was not shy of making bold bets to ensure it maintains the gap with its pedigreed Bangalore-based rivals and aspires to take aim at market leader Tata Consultancy Services.
"This is a good buyout. It will probably put TCS under pressure now," said industry veteran and former Infosys' chief financial officer V Balakrishnan. "The industry is becoming mature and acquisitions are the only way you can grow," he said, adding that the Indian IT sector's traditional preference for deals with ticket sizes of $100-200 million opportunities would not be of much help as they "will not shift the needle much".
  Harish HV, partner at consulting firm Grant Thornton said Cognizant's aggression would prod its rivals to do an encore. "We would expect some of the other IT majors to react to this deal by doing some themselves," he said. With the latest acquisition, Cognizant appears to have made a bold gambit, something its rivals Infosys and Wipro would consider a risky bet. "This is not the time for us to pursue big adventures," an executive at one of the top three Indian IT firms had said last month when asked whether his firm was interested in acquiring TriZetto, which had been put up for sale by Apax that had mandated JP Morgan to find a buyer.
London-based Apax bought TriZetto in 2008 for $1.4 billion. The company, which provides solutions such as care management and the administration of benefits to the US healthcare industry, posted revenues of $710 million for the year to March 2014 and, according to a Reuters report last month, had 12-month earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation of more than $190 million as of June 30. It has some 3,700 employees compared with around 187,000 for Cognizant, whose revenues are in excess of $10 billion. Cognizant trumped bids from other large IT companies and private equity players, and its CFO Karen McLoughlin said the company had carried out an "exhaustive" due diligence process working through the summer, underlining that its offer was not a reckless one. McLoughlin said Cognizant would let TriZetto continue as a standalone entity even though its revenues will be accounted for as part of her firm's healthcare vertical. Cognizant intends to finance the deal, which is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2014, through a mix of cash on hand and debt and has secured $1 billion of committed financing.
Other Cognizant officials said the two companies often worked together. "Cognizant and TriZetto have had a longterm relationship, having jointly served a number of healthcare clients to date," Cognizant President Gordon Coburn said in a news release. "This acquisition is a natural fit for us."

Cognizant-TriZetto deal raises hope of similar deals at homeApax Funds
(Cognizant’s $2.7 billion…)
BANGALORE: Cognizant's $2.7 billion deal to acquire healthcare IT services provider TriZetto has raised hopes of similar transactions in the sector at home.
Analysts and industry players believe that growing healthcare spending in the US, after President Barack Obama ushered in new sets of reforms to include uninsured Americans, should see more such deals in the US as it represents an over a $3 trillion opportunity.
"Obamacare is opening up a vast new business opportunity as the role of technology is growing in importance as new demand is created from the different requirements of Obamacare," said Arnab Gupta , founder and executive chairman of Opera Solutions , a New Jerseybased data analytics firm.
Earlier this year, Opera, in which Bangalore-based Wipro has an over 14 per cent stake, won a $20-million (Rs 120 crore) one-year contract from the US government , which earlier this year adopted the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, otherwise referred to as 'Obamacare' after President Barack Obama.
"It is almost impossible to build this capability from scratch, particularly from the current base that the IT companies possess," said Gupta. "There will be a flurry of activity in this space as it is a race. Both acquisitions and partnerships, because the pace of demand will grow rapidly over the next few years, and the first mover advantage will be significant." Another startup, SCIO Health Analytics, which has won over five contracts valued at $10 million under which the Chennai-based firm helps the government improve delivery models in the insurance space, said that other IT companies have to buy smaller companies to get their "feet wet and understand before diving in".
"They can't afford to take on Cognizant," said Siva Namasivayam, chief executive of SCIO Health Analytics. "There will be deal activity - only if the companies open up the purse. This is a growth market and Indian companies have not been aggressive in paying valuations and this has to change."
Bankers too estimate that this deal by Cognizant may force TCS, Infosys and Wipro to buy out healthcare-focused startups. "These (IT outsourcers) companies have been talking for a while to strengthening their presence in Smac space. But I'll like to believe it should be in healthcare space, as it gives a huge opportunity," said a Bangalore-based investment banker who has advised Apax Funds , the owner of Trizetto, in the past.
Opera, SCIO Health Analytics and another healthcare-focused startups, hCentive, believe that healthcare is the next "big industry" for growth of IT firms, as growth in the traditional service line of financial services financial services start moderating.
FEATURED ARTICLES

How Chinese philosophy can help PM Modi fire up the economyHow Chinese philosophy can help PM Narendra Modi fire up the economy
Sep 16, 2014, 07.12AM IST
Tags:
(At 7 per cent per annum growth,…)
By Jaspal Singh Sabharwal
German existential philosopher Karl Jasper in his book, The Origin and Goal of History, called 800 BC to 600A D the "axial period" of mankind. He became fascinated by the fact that figures like Pythagoras, Buddha and Confucius were all alive at exactly the same time, and that China, Greece and India, in the axial age, saw emergence of contending intellectual schools, each group apparently unaware of the other's existence.
In India, Asoka embraced Buddhism; in Rome, Constantine turned to the Christians; in China, Han emperor Wu-Ti adopted Confucianism. Of the three, only Wu-Ti was ultimately successful: the Chinese empire flourished for 2000 years, almost always with Confucianism as its official ideology.
In Constantine's case, the western empire collapsed but the Roman church blossomed. Asoka's project foundered; his empire fell apart and got replaced by fragmented kingdoms.
Fast forward 1400 years, both China and India are focused on regaining their rightful place under the sun. Let us first analyse the journey of the two countries in last 30 years.
In 1980, India's GDP per capita was $266 comparable to $307 of China. And now China's GDP per capital ($6,807) is 4.5 times that of India's ( $1,499).
India and China are very different from other countries in the world. Both India and China are vast, varied, and confusing; no different from what they were during axial age.
Today, PM Modi's biggest challenge is to put India back on sustainable high growth track. Growth rates take some time getting used to and India is learning the same.
There is a rule used by statisticians called the rule of 72 (ref. Michael Spence's book on The Next Convergence): it says that the time it takes in years to double in size at a specific annual growth rate is that growth rate divided by number 72. It sounds weird but it works.
So, for example, at 1 per cent growth, income doubles in 72 years. At 7 per cent growth, income and output double every 10 years. It takes decades for countries to make the transition from poor to advanced. The poorest countries have median income of $500 per person and advanced countries have incomes of $20,000 above.
At 7 per cent per annum growth, China is all set to enter the advance country club in 25 years and it will take India 35 years to get there. PM Modi and team are trying to fire up the economy by focusing on
1) Urban infrastructure

Rupee rebounds from 1-month low on dollar sellingRupee rebounds from 1-month low on dollar selling
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 16, 2014  | 18:06 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Bucking a weak trend in stocks, the Indian rupee on Tuesday recovered from one-month lows to end with a modest gain of eight paise at 61.05 against the Greenback on fresh dollar selling by exporters.
Persistent capital inflows also aided the rupee rise while the dollar index was almost stable against a basket of six major currencies ahead of the outcome of two-day policy meeting by the US Federal Reserve starting from Tuesday.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the domestic unit commenced strong at 61.02 a dollar from previous close of 61.13, a one-month low.
It was later trapped in a narrow range of 61.01 and 61.1425 before settling at 61.05, a net rise of eight paise or 0.13 per cent.
On Monday, it had plunged 48 paise, or 0.79 per cent, its biggest fall in more than five weeks.
The Indian benchmark S&P BSE Sensex, after tumbling by 244.48 points or 0.90 per cent on Monday, tanked 324.05 points or 1.21 per cent today to end at three-week lows.
FPIs/FIIs bought shares worth $79.57 million on Monday, as per Sebi data.
Pramit Brahmbhatt, Veracity Group CEO said, "Rupee appreciated today even as local equities closed down by over one per cent. Rupee movement was aided by lower trade deficit in August. Dollar index rally slowed down today, which further supported the rupee. The trading range for the spot rupee is expected to be within 60.50 to 61.50."
"The Indian rupee traded on a cautious note today taking cues from its Asian peers. However, the data showing narrower trade deficit in the month of August on the domestic front helped," India Forex Advisors said.
Yesterday after markets closed, government data showed that trade gap in August stood at $10.83 billion.
In forwards market on Tuesday, premium closed weak on fresh receipts by exporters.
The benchmark six-month premium payable in February moved down to 228.5-230.5 paise from 231-233 paise previously.
Far-forward contracts maturing in August, 2015 declined to 482-484 paise from 484-485 paise.
The Reserve Bank of India fixed the reference rate for dollar at 61.1015 and for the euro at 79.0348.
The rupee rebounded against the pound to 98.81 from last close of 99.29 while softened further to 79.03 per euro from 79.00. It, however, held stable at its overnight closing level of 57.00 per 100 Japanese yen.

CLT20: Cheema destroys Express to keep Lions in the huntPress Trust of India | Raipur | Posted: September 16, 2014 7:56 pm
Muhammad Hafeez led from the front with a blazing 67 as Lahore Lions trounced Sri Lankan side Southern Express by 55 runs in their penultimate Oppo Champions League Twenty20 qualifier, keeping their main-draw hopes alive, in Raipur on Tuesday.
Put into bat, Hafeez smashed a 40-ball 67 to power the Pakistan T20 champions to 164 for six in 20 overs. In reply, Express never really got going as the Lahore bowlers turned on the heat to pack the Lankans for 109 in 18 overs.
Medium-pacer Aizaz Cheema (3-15) was the destroyer-in-chief as Lahore, who won their second of the three qualifying matches, find themselves competing with Mumbai Indians for a spot in the main event.
Earlier, the Lahore openers provided a brisk start as the they managed 40 runs in the powerplays. Left-handed opener Umar Siddiq though lost his wicket in the last delivery of the sixth over while trying to dab at a rising Farveez Maharoof (3-28) bouncer and was caught behind for 18.
Maharoof continued the good work by sending back Ahmed Shehzad (29 off 21 balls) and Nasir Jamshed (1) in one over to stop the Lahore surge.
If Shehzad, who was looking dangerous till then, tried a silly-looking ‘dilscoop’ against Maharoof then Jamshed was guilty of fishing on an away-going delivery to be caught at slip.
Saad Nasim (31) and Hafeez, registering his 22nd T20 fifty, then stuck it out to stitch a superb 75-run fourth-wicket partnership that gave Lahore the perfect platform to finish off on a high in the final overs.
After playing the waiting game between overs 10 and 15, Hafeez cut loose in the 16th over as leg-spinner Seekkuge Prasanna (0-35) came at the wrong end of the stick.
Hafeez hit a boundary and three straight sixes to help the side get 25 runs in the over.
Nasim, though, fell to Charith Jayampathi (1-45) in the 17th over after trying a hit over long on, but was instead caught by Ishan Jayaratne.
Joined in by Umar Akmal (11 not out), Hafeez continued his aggressive play, hitting fours and sixes, to help the side fetch 75 runs from the last five overs.
Medium-pacer Jayaratne (1-29) finally got Hafeez out in the final over of the innings but the damage was already done. With Wahab Riaz (1) also run out in the final over, Lahore could bag just 9 from the 20th over.
For Express, captain Jehan Mubarak top-scored with 35 runs as the rest of the batting did not show much fight. Sharing the new ball with Hafeez (1-26), Cheema broke Express’ back with three early wickets and the Sri Lankan unit could never really rise from there.
Cheema got Kusan Perera caught behind for 18 and cleaned up Danushka Gunathilaka on nought to be on a hat-trick in the fourth over of the innings.
Trapping Tillakaratne Sampath lbw for 18 and Express were in trouble.
Mubarak and Angelo Perera then tried to bail the team out  f trouble with a 44-run fourth-wicket partnership but off-spinner Adnan Rasool (2-32) got the continued…
Express never really got going as the Lahore bowlers turned on the heat

Tier II Firms Rising Fast in Food  Beverages  to Control 40% of FMCG by 2019: CrisilIndian E-commerce Market to Hit $15 Billion in 2 Years: Google
Mumbai: Tier II players are rising fast in food and beverages (F&B) and are expected to control 40 per cent of the FMCG segment by 2019, rating agency Crisil has said.
In the last six years, Tier II FMCG players have increased their share in the domestic F&B market to 30 per cent from the earlier 20 per cent, and grown at nearly twice the pace of tier I players, according to a Crisil report.
"We have analysed about 125 FMCG players in F&B, including over 100 who make up two-thirds of the tier II bucket. Based on this study, we forecast that the bucket will sustain strong growth in the next five years, leading to a further increase in their share to 40 per cent," it said.
At Rs 1.2 lakh crore, F&B is over 50 per cent of the FMCG market. The report further said that smaller, mostly regional, players have outgrown the FMCG biggies, including Nestle, ITC and Britannia, adding that this phenomenon has been witnessed only in the F&B segment.
However, even if the positive catalyst will continue for the tier II cities on the business side, the main challenge will be the funding, it said.      
"We estimate they will require at least Rs 160-180 billion more for achieving this target," it said.
The positive conditions that contributed to Tier-2 players' growth in the past were of structural nature.
"This can also attract several new entrants. We therefore estimate that this bucket is likely to continue growing at least 75-80 per cent faster than tier I going forward, provided the players secure the necessary capital," it said.
The report further pointed out that in the personal care and home care segments tier I players have fared better.
The untapped opportunity in the F&B segment is almost three times that in personal care and manifold that of home care is one of the main reason for the sector outperforming others, it said.
Another reason is that consumers are becoming more brand and health conscious. Industry experts said even traditionally unbranded segments like staples are crossing over to branded side, it said.
Story first published on: September 16, 2014 23:29 (IST)

Minority shareholders want Mallya to be removed from MCF boardMinority shareholders want Mallya to be removed from MCF board
Digbijay Mishra |  Sep 17, 2014 12:46 AM IST
The takeover of Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers (MCF) has taken another turn, with Nagreeka Foils, a minority shareholder in the company, writing to the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) to protect the interests of minority shareholders.
Nagreeka’s letter, a copy of which is available with Business Standard, comes a day after the Competition Commission of India approved Zuari chief Saroj Poddar’s joint open offer with UB Group chief Vijay Mallya to acquire an additional 26 per cent stake in MCF. Nagreeka Foils, listed on BSE and the National Stock Exchange, holds about 350,000 shares in MCF.
 
In its letter to Sebi, Nagreeka has sought Mallya be removed from the MCF board, saying the fact that he continued to be the promoter despite being tagged a wilful defaulter could impact their prospects, as well as those of MCF. This might also result in non-availability of loans to the company, the letter added. It urged Mallya and S R Gupte be removed as directors from the MCF board and all contractual relationships with the Adventz Group, through which Mallya was acting as a person in concert and exercising control, be unwinded. Poddar refused to comment on the matter.
Earlier, Kolkata-based United Bank of India had written to Sebi, seeking reconsideration of the approval to a joint open offer by Poddar and Mallya.
According to an agreement signed between UB Group and Poddar’s Adventz Group on May 12, if they acquire controlling stake in the company, Mallya will be MCF chairman for the next five years. He can also appoint three directors on the board and have the right of first refusal over Poddar’s shares in MCF.
In its letter, Nagreeka opposed this agreement. Sources said unless Mallya secured a stay on United Bank of India’s decision to label him a wilful defaulter, his agreement with Poddar would have to be re-worked. According to Reserve Bank of India norms, a wilful default is when an entity doesn’t repay its dues despite having the capacity to do so or when it doesn’t use the borrowed money for the purpose for which the loan is taken.
Through the UB Group, Mallya holds 21.98 per cent stake in MCF, while Poddar, through Zuari, holds 16.43 per cent stake. The two have joined hands and are competing with Deepak Fertilisers for controlling stake in MCF. At the end of the June quarter, Deepak Fertilisers owned 25.3 per cent stake in MCF. It has made an open offer, at Rs 63 a share, for an additional 26 per cent stake. To counter this, Poddar and Mallya had jointly made an open offer at Rs 68.55 a share.
Last month, Sebi had approved both these proposals.

K taka asks taxmen to go easy on Amazon dealersAmazon
(American retailing giant…)
BANGALORE: Karnataka has asked its tax authorities to go easy on their clampdown on dealers selling products on Amazon India's online marketplace until an amicable solution is reached on various sticking points. The American retailing giant and the Commercial Taxes department have been at loggerheads on who should issue value-added tax invoice to the buyer.
"There have been certain issues flagged to us, and we are trying to sort them out. Until then, we have asked the Commercial Taxes department to review the matter on cancelling the 'branch certificates' issued to dealers," ISN Prasad, principal secretary of the finance department, told ET.
Branch certificates refer to Amazon's warehouse, shown as additional place of business by dealers. The local VAT authorities have issued notices to about 50 dealers who have partnered with Amazon, asking why their certificates should not be cancelled.
Sources said Amazon will move its warehouse out of Karnataka if the confusion persists. "They cannot run an empty warehouse, for which they have invested millions of dollars," said a person who has direct knowledge of the discussions.
Prasad, who was earlier principal secretary to the CM as also the information technology department, is hopeful e-commerce firms will continue to find Karnataka a friendly state. The government, he said, is trying to take the lead among states to work out options. "We will come up with options, not just for Amazon, but to all companies doing online business to help them comply with Karnataka VAT laws. We are even prepared to propose amendments to rules or the law, as the case may be, for smooth operation of e-commerce activity in Karnataka," he said. The whole process of coming up with a set of options for players might take about two months, he said.
The government, Prasad said, was keen to ensure Bangalore remained the city of choice for firms. There is a large presence of IT workforce in Bangalore, most of whom buy from online portals, making the city ideal for online operators to set up advanced back-end infrastructure and support systems. "We want to encourage both e-commerce players and consumers as the business activity has helped consumers too with lower prices."
Amazon, according to multiple sources, has suggested that the government introduces a rule making it mandatory for online firms to furnish details of transactions, seller's identity and VAT collected, to tax authorities from time to time to help them cross-check tax compliance. There is a similar rule (1099-K) in the US requiring online platforms to disclose details if transactions exceed a certain value and number.
The sources said Amazon differs with the Karnataka taxmen on what a 'commission agent' is. It insists that the seller decides what product to offer on its online platform and at what price unlike in the case of a typical commission agent, they added.
Meanwhile, the dealers whose branch certificate has been cancelled have started moving out of Amazon's warehouse. "I am a small dealer facing a lot of competition from bigger stores. But working with Amazon gave me a nationwide market, which I would not have got otherwise. Now that advantage is gone," said a Bangalore dealer who had stocked about 1,000 units at the warehouse.
He had started selling online three months ago only because of the warehouse, packaging and delivery services the online firm provided. "We had reached sales of about 100 pieces a day. I was expecting online to account for almost 40% of this year's revenue," said the dealer.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ramky Infrastructure rallies 18% on sale of 3 highway projects to Pirmal GroupRamky Infrastructure rallies 18% on sale of 3 highway projects to Pirmal Group
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 17, 2014, 09.37AM IST
Tags:
infrastructure
(Move signals that cash-rich…)
NEW DELHI: Ramky Infrastructure Ltd rallied as much as 17.8 per cent in trade on Wednesday after reports suggested that the Ajay Piramal group has emerged as the front runner to purchase three highway projects of Hyderabad-based Ramky Infrastructure.
The move signals that the cash-rich investors are keen on infusing life into the battered roads sector amid the Narendra Modi government's overall push to revive infrastructure as it looks to boost the economy, ET reported.
At 09:25 a.m.; Ramky Infrastructure was trading 14.7 per cent higher at Rs 62. It hit a low of Rs 58.25 and a high of Rs 63.70 in trade today.
Piramal Enterprises was trading 0.76 per cent higher at Rs 773. It hit a low of Rs 772.20 and a high of Rs 793.15 in trade today.
The Piramal group "has signed a nonbinding agreement to buy ownership of Ramky Eslamex Hyderabad Ring Road, Sehore Kosmi Tollways and NAM Expressway," said one of the persons cited above, ET reported.
The diversified business conglomerate plans to purchase a majority 51% stake and take management control with an investment horizon of more than six years as part of its strategy to acquire such projects that could see it becoming the country's biggest roads operator, added the report.
As per the ET report, the deal, which will help Ramky retire some of its Rs 2,700 crore debt, is likely to be finalised at a valuation of Rs 700-750 crore.
"Given the current fall in traffic flows and trimmed down traffic projections, Ramky Infrastructure expects a combined valuation of around Rs 720 crore for its equity investments in these three road assets as against some Rs 900 crore expected a few months back," ET reported quoting a senior executive with Ramky Infra.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Quartz Daily BriefEurope editionUS stimulus cut  China stimulus boost  Hollandes lucky escape  unhappy clamsGood morning, Quartz readers!
What to watch for today
The end of QE is nigh. The US Federal Reserve is expected to cut back bond purchases by an additional $10 billion to $15 billion a month as it wraps up its two-day policy meeting. That would put the two-year-old program of quantitative easing on track to end in October—could the next step be an interest-rate hike ?
Xi visits India. The Chinese president meets Indian prime minister Narendra Modi  in his home state of Gujarat, as the two nationalist leaders discuss an expanded economic partnership. One potential sticking point: Modi has been enjoying quite the bromance with Japan’s Shinzo Abe .
FedEx tries to beat expectations. The shipping company’s ambitious full-year profit target will get its first status check  (paywall) with the release of fiscal first-quarter results. So far, demand for air and truck freight has been high.
Scotland’s final opinion polls trickle in. The most recent survey shows support for independence  rising to 48% , despite UK leaders  promising more autonomy  if Scotland stays in the union.
Mount Mayon rumbles on.  Authorities have evacuated thousands of people  within a five-mile radius of the Philippine volcano after lava began to trickle out of the crater on Tuesday. Scientists predict Mayon could  violently erupt within weeks .
While you were sleeping
China announced a new stimulus measure. Its central bank will inject 500 billion yuan  ($81.4 billion) of liquidity into five state-run banks to encourage lending, following further signs of slowing economic growth .
Endo offered $2.2 billion for Auxilium Pharmaceuticals. The Dublin-based maker of men’s healthcare products said it made an offer that was 30% over Auxilium’s closing price last Friday but has yet to receive a response.
Indonesian politicians want to change the rules. A coalition of parties that lost this year’s general election launched an attempt to revert to a system in which local assemblies, not voters, choose regional leaders . Populist president-elect Joko Widodo opposes the move, which will go to a vote next week.
Softbank’s founder became the richest man in Japan. Masayoshi Son’s net worth rose 3.4%  to $16.6 billion on Tuesday, according to Bloomberg. Softbank’s 34% stake in Alibaba is a significant driver of his wealth, as the Chinese company’s IPO on Friday is shaping up to be the largest ever.
America ordered up two spaceships. US space agency NASA will pay Boeing $4.2 billion and SpaceX $2.6 billion to each build a replacement for the space shuttle to ferry astronauts and satellites to orbit. Boeing is considered “ the least risky option ” (paywall), but upstart SpaceX’s system is cheaper and doesn’t rely on imported Russian parts.
François Hollande’s government barely survived. The French president’s new cabinet narrowly won a confidence vote in parliament , 269 to 244. Abstentions and no-shows put the result 20 votes short of an absolute majority (paywall), meaning Hollande lacks support for his planned pro-business policies.
Quartz obsession interlude
Matt Phillips on the lost quarter-century of the American family. “Effectively, inflation-adjusted US median household incomes are still about 1% below where they were in 1989. That’s nearly 25 years ago. And median household incomes are still 9% below the all-time peak back in 1999, when they were $56,895… On the other hand, salaries on the high end of the spectrum have rebounded quite nicely.” Read more here .
Matters of debate
China needs to pull its weight on Ebola. Its aid is paltry  compared to the investments it’s making in the region.
The Islamic State should be allowed to be a state. The extremist group would fail spectacularly and discredit themselves .
Credit may not drive economic growth. It’s a widely-held finance truism but nobody has ever proved it .
Harvard Business School is ruining America. It’s uniquely responsible for the pay gap between CEOs and ordinary workers.
You can’t be as “happy as a clam.” Clams don’t have emotions, and even if they did, they’d have little to be happy about .
Surprising discoveries
Angry Pakistanis shouted a politician off of their plane. He kept the flight waiting on the tarmac for two hours .
Angry Ukrainians dumped a politician into a rubbish bin. They were displeased with his vote in support of amnesty for pro-Russian rebels .
Venezuela is running out of breast implants. In the latest symptom of the country’s economic crisis, doctors are turning to  cheap Chinese implants  of dubious quality.
What’s bigger than a giant squid? A colossal squid. The  second intact specimen ever found  weighed 350kg (770lb).
Samsung is making a “musicom.” The sitcom-with-music  isn’t the first of its kind for the company.
Our best wishes for a productive day. Please send any news, comments, acts of populist outrage, and surplus breast implants to hi@qz.com . You can follow us on Twitter here for updates throughout the day.
Sign up for the Quartz Daily Brief  here , tailored for morning delivery in Asia, Europe & Africa, and the Americas.
Share this:

Acid attack victim Laxmi to be showstopper at IRWAcid attack victim Laxmi (Source: Facebook/Rahul Saharan)
Indo-Asian News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 16, 2014 4:40 pm
Acid attack victim Laxmi will walk the ramp at the third edition of India Runway Week (IRW) here Friday.
Laxmi, who has been selected for the prestigious International Women of Courage Award, will walk as a showstopper on the first day for designer Dolly J.
The three-day fashion trade event, organised by Indian Federation For Fashion Development, is a platform created for budding designers. It will be held at Ocean Pearl, Chhattarpur, here.
Bollywood actors Randeep Hood and Ameesha Patel will be joined by “Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa” host and actor Manish Paul on stage when they will walk for designer Kirti Rathore on the same day.
The fashion extravaganza will feature 32 designers, who will present their Winter/Festive collection.
“I am so excited to see young and experienced designers showcasing their splendid collections in IRW,” Kiran Kheva, fashion director, India Runway Week, said in a statement.
Avinash Pathania, director, Indian Federation for Fashion Development, said that they are providing the platform to “budding as well as established designers of tomorrow to showcase their talents”.

FinMin to banks: No festive gifts to babus | Fewer biz jets in Delhi as lobbying ebbsYou are here: Home > Collections
Finance Ministry instructs banks not to send festival gifts to bureaucrats
Sangita Mehta, ET Bureau Sep 17, 2014, 10.05AM IST
Tags:
babus
(The ministry is looking…)
MUMBAI: The finance ministry has issued stern instructions to the heads of state-owned banks not to send gifts to bureaucrats during the festival season, a traditional practice at Diwali, as it looks to clamp down on influence peddling and stem the damage caused by a recent corruption scandal.
Some insiders say the gifts are aimed at keeping officials happy, so that the bankers can get to know about personnel changes. The current system of top management appointments at state-owned banks is quite opaque.
Senior executives are often dependent on finance ministry officials for information on people movements, including their own promotions. "This is akey reasons that bankers often shower expensive gifts on government employees," said a retired bank chief who did not want to be named.
The letter from the finance ministry to bankers also reflects the Modi government's determination to clean up the system that's been rocked by corruption allegations in recent weeks. Some bankers said the arrest of Syndicate Bank chairman and managing director SK Jain by the Central Bureau of Investigation for allegedly taking bribes in return for enhancing credit limits may have led the government to send the message.
There are as many as 50-60 key government employees in the finance ministry alone and almost every chairman and managing director is in the habit of giving gifts during festivals. Most CMDs say this is merely a goodwill gesture.
"In fact, even large corporate houses give gifts to government employees. Instead of asking banks not to send gifts, they should ask government employees not to accept gifts," said a bank chief.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex off from highs; top twelve stocks in focusSensex surges, Nifty nears 8000; top 12 stocks in focus
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 17, 2014, 10.08AM IST
Tags:
Allahabad Bank
(Tracking the momentum,…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex surged over 150 points in intraday trade, led by gains in ITC, RIL, HDFC, Infosys and TCS.
At 10:27 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 26,658.19, up 165.68 points.
The Nifty was at 7,981.50, up 48.60 points or 0.43 per cent. It touched a high of 7,983.95 and a low of 7,936.95 in early trade.
Here is a list of twelve stocks which are in focus today:
Hero MotoCorp Ltd: Motorcycle manufacturer Hero MotoCorp announced that it would set up an ultra-modern manufacturing facility with a capacity to produce 1.8 million units annually in Andhra Pradesh.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.2 per cent higher at Rs 2796.25.
Lupin Ltd: Pharma major Lupin entered into a long-term strategic partnership with Germany-based biopharmaceutical firm Merck Serono for expansion of its portfolio initiative in emerging markets.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.4 per cent lower at Rs 1357.
Allahabad Bank: State-run Allahabad Bank said here today that it has sought a Rs900-crore capital infusion from the government during the current financial year.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.3 per cent higher at Rs 120.25.
Canara Bank: State-run Canara Bank which has board approval to raise Rs 3,500 crore through a qualified institutional placement (QIP) is awaiting government approval for the same and expects to mop up the money by November.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.7 per cent lower at Rs 390.
Reliance Industries Ltd: Petroleum Ministry has asked Reliance Industries to stop sale of crude oil from KG-D6 block to its affiliate Jamnagar refinery, saying it was not an arms- length sales.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.8 per cent higher at Rs 988.75.
ONGC: ONGC Videsh Ltd , the overseas arm of state-run explorer Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC), has signed an agreement to expand its oil and gas exploration in offshore Vietnam.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.05 per cent lower at Rs 408.55.
Aurobindo Pharma Ltd: Aurobindo Pharma has received approval from the US health regulator to market generic version of Amoxicillin for oral suspension, used to treat infections, in the American market.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.3 per cent higher at Rs 865.50.
Apollo Tyres Ltd: Apollo Tyres is undertaking a an exercise to 'rescue' operations of its South African arm in the wake of uncompetitive cost structure, continuous labour unrest and related issues.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 2.7 per cent higher at Rs 201.35.
NTPC Ltd: State-owned NTPC has signed an initial agreement with Andhra Pradesh government for developing 1,000 MW solar power projects in Andhra Pradesh. However, the company did not elaborate the financial details of the project.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.3 per cent higher at Rs 132.90.
Axis Bank Ltd: Axis Bank , country's third largest private lender, today said it will be announcing festive season offers on its auto loans and credit card offerings in the next few weeks.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.15 per cent higher at Rs 399.45.
Apollo Hospitals Ltd: Apollo Hospitals Enterprise Ltd , which runs the country's largest hospital and pharmacy chains, is in advanced talks to buy Hyderabad-based retail pharmacy chain Hetero Pharmacy, two people with knowledge of development said.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 2.9 per cent higher at Rs 201.30.
GMR Infrastructure Ltd: The company is raising Rs.1,500 crore by selling shares to existing shareholders to cut high-cost debt. Prior to the rights issue, private equity firm KKR and Co. will invest Rs.1,000 crore in GMR Holdings Ltd through a long-term structured financing arrangement.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.2 per cent lower at Rs 22.25.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Hindalco  Sun Pharma  GAIL  TCS among top gainersSensex opens in green; pharma, metal, power stocks gain
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 17, 2014, 09.30AM IST
Tags:
Midcap Index
MUMBAI: The S&P BSE Sensex pared some of the intraday gains after a positive start even as the Asian markets remained firm. Profit booking has picked up in broader markets for second straight session.
"Basic trend of the market is still bullish and buying on dips should be the strategy with a medium term view of three months. The market is having strong support between 26,500 and 26,300 (for Nifty 7,930 and 7,870). We are of the view that the market would consolidate between 26,300 and 27,100 (7,870 and 8,100) before entering into any major trending move," said Shrikant Chouhan, Head- Technical Research, Kotak Securities.
At 09:45 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 26,527.90, up 35.39 points or 0.13 per cent. It touched a high of 26,655.65 and a low of 26,526.40 in early trade.
The Nifty was at 7,943.30, up 10.40 points or 0.13 per cent. It touched a high of 7,983.95 and a low of 7,943.05 in early trade.
"We will give first preference to banks, auto and cement stocks to buy with a medium term view and capital goods, infra and metal in the second preference list. Top midcap stocks, with track record of 15 years, along with strong price formation should be on the radar with a long term view. We like cement and technology stocks from the BSE mid cap basket," Chouhan added.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index was down 0.44 per cent and the S&P BSE Smallcap Index declined 0.14 per cent.
Among the sectoral indices, the S&P BSE IT Index was up 0.59 per cent, the S&P BSE Metal Index moved 0.34 per cent higher and the S&P BSE FMCG Index edged up 0.13 per cent.
The S&P BSE Auto Index was 0.58 per cent lower, the S&P BSE Power Index was down 0.37 per cent and the S&P BSE Capital goods Index declined 0.28 per cent.
Hindalco (up 1.31 per cent), Sun Pharma (up 1.08 per cent), Tata Power (up 0.84 per cent), TCS (up 0.79 per cent) and GAIL (up 0.76 per cent) were among the major Sensex gainers.
Cipla (1.58 per cent), ONGC (1.02 per cent), Sesa Sterlite (0.82 per cent), Maruti (0.81 per cent) and Tata Motors (0.76 per cent) were among the top losers.
The market breadth was positive on the BSE with 1029 gainers against 815 losers.
The foreign institutional investors were net sellers worth Rs 828.95 crore and domestic institutional investors were net buyers worth Rs 465.61 crore on Tuesday as per the provisional data from the National Stock Exchange.
The Asian markets were witnessing some buying action. The Nikkei 225 was up 0.14 per cent, the Hang Seng surged 1.09 per cent, Taiwan Weighted gained 1.17 per cent and Seoul Composite jumped 0.77 per cent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rajnath Singh inaugurates underwater training tank for National Security GuardSep 17, 2014 at 09:09am IST
Rajnath Singh inaugurates underwater training tank for National Security Guard
9
0
Gurgaon: Home Minister Rajnath Singh on Tuesday inaugurated the Diving Training Tank, developed to train commandos in underwater operations, at the NSG camp here, an official said.
Rajnath Singh visited the National Security Guard (NSG) camp, Manesar for the first time after becoming Home Minister.
After paying homage to the NSG martyrs by laying a wreath at the Martyrs' Memorial, he was briefed on the various aspects and issues pertaining to the force by Director General JN Choudhury and other senior officers.
Home Minister Rajnath Singh on Tuesday inaugurated the Diving Training Tank, developed to train commandos in underwater operations.
The minister addressed the senior officers and assured them that he would look into the issues raised by them.
He also saw a demonstration of various skills by the NSG commandos.
While addressing a gathering of approximately 800 commandos, Rajnath Singh complimented the NSG for the role that it has played as the elite federal counter-terrorist force of the nation.
Before leaving, he said: "Visiting NSG gave me an opportunity to meet officers and jawans and also see demonstration of their skills. I am thrilled. NSG as an organisation instils a sense of security and confidence in the minds of the countrymen. We are proud of this organisation. I wish the force all the very best."
1

Jadavpur University molestation case: 35 students arrested after protesting on campus27
0
Kolkata: Thirty-five students from the Jadavpur University have been arrested after they held massive protests on campus on Tuesday night over the alleged molestation of a female student two weeks ago. The students surrounded the Vice Chancellor of the university alleging that the internal probe being conducted by the university on the case was unfair.
The police resorted to lathicharge to break the protests. Students allege that teachers and staff, who are TMC supporters, beat up the protesters.
More than 30 students have been injured after the clashes.
#jadavpur university molestation case #crime against women #protests #west bengal
"We demand that the police release all those students who are arrested as they are innocent. We also demand that after such an incident, the Vice Chancellor must resign," a student said.
The protests came after a woman student was allegedly dragged to the men's hostel and sexually assaulted by a group of ten men after a college fest. The incident happened in August and was reported in the first week of September.
137

Aftermath of J&K floods: Residents struggle to get back to normalcy25
0
Bemina: Relief operations continue across the flood-hit Jammu and Kashmir. After the massive floods, people in the valley are slowly trying to cope with their lives in trying conditions. Some of the major challenges that the rescue teams and the residents are facing are heavy waterlogging, sewage spilling on to the streets and chemical waste.
The Jammu-Kashmir National Highway finally reopened on Tuesday, but the Jammu-Srinagar Highway might take a few more days. CNN-IBN continues to venture into villages and towns that were earlier inaccessible.
Sewage waste and chemicals make up the waterlogged streets of Bemina, the area to be first hit by the floods. The real struggle for the nearly 1 lakh families has only now begun.
One could see terrible scenes in Bemina, yet brave families now gathering what they are left with and moving ahead from here.
1

France s Hollande Wins Confidence Vote -- UpdateFrance s Hollande Wins Confidence Vote -- Update
Markets turn choppy; Nifty reclaims 7 950Markets turn choppy; Nifty reclaims 7,950
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 17, 2014 10:15 AM IST
Markets were seen choppy after the first hour of trade with index heavyweights leading the recovery after most of the early gains were erased on profit taking at higher levels. However, caution is seen ahead of the outcome of the US Fed two-day policy meet which ends later today.
At 10:15AM, the 30-share Sensex was up 103 points at 26,596 and the 50-share Nifty was up 32 points at 7,964.
Meanwhile, foreign funds sold shares worth Rs 829 crore in the cash segment on Tuesday, as per provisional data on the stock exchange.
The rupee was trading higher at Rs 60.98 against the previous close of Rs 61.05. The rupee recovered on Tuesday from a one-month low hit in the previous session on bargain-hunting, but sentiment was broadly cautious ahead of the outcome of the Federal Reserve's meeting.
Asian shares fimed up on Wednesday tracking overnight gains on Wall Street and on expectations that the US Fed won't raise interest rates soon. Japanese shares were trading with marginal gains while Shanghai Composite pared gains and was trading flat with negative bias. Straits Times also trimmed some of the gains and was up 0.5% while Hang Seng shares continued to trade with gains of over 1%.
BSE Metal index was the top sectoral gainer up 0.7% followed by Realty, Oil and Gas, FMCG and IT indices among others.
In the Sensex pack, index heavyweights led the gains with Reliance Ind, ICICI Bank and Infosys up over 0.6-0.9% each. TCS was up nearly 0.9%.
Other Sensex gainers include, M&M, Sun Pharma and HDFC among others.
FMCG majors ITC rebounded from its early lows and was trading 0.8% higher while HUL was trading with marginal losses.
In the financial pack, ICICI Bank and SBI were up 0.5-0.9% each.
Maruti Suzuki was down 0.3%. The company informed that its Manesar facility crosses 25 Lakh production milestone. The Manesar facility achieved the feat in 7 years and 8 months. A glistening grey Swift Zxi was the 2.5 milionth vehicle that rolled out from the Manesar B Line, the company said in a release.
Among other shares, Lupin has dipped 1% to Rs 1,348 extending its yesterday’s decline of 5%, after the pharmaceutical company announced that it has entered into a long term strategic partnership with Merck Serono, the Biopharmaceutical division of Merck.
Aurobindo Pharma has risen by over 1% at Rs 865 after the company received final approval from the US Food and Drug Administration (USFDA) to manufacture and market Amoxicilin for oral suspension.
In the broader market, the BSE Mid-cap was trading flat with negative bias and Small-cap index was trading with marginal gains up 0.1%.
Market breadth was firm with 1,064 advances and 1,003 declines on the BSE.

Robin Thicke reveals wife left him overaddictionPress Trust of India | Los Angeles | Posted: September 17, 2014 10:40 am
Robin Thicke’s several attempts to get wife Paula Patton back failed and now the singer has revealed that she ended their relationship because of his addiction.
Thicke’s song ‘Blurred Lines’ is facing a plagiarism lawsuit by Marvin Gaye’s family who claim that it is a rip off of ‘Got to Give It Up’. Thicke said while the song, which he says he claimed credit falsely, was climbing the charts, he was battling drug and alcohol problems.
Under oath, Thicke said it was Pharrell Williams who wrote the number. The singer said Patton decided to end their relationship when he came clean to her about the song and his addiction problem, said People magazine.
“Every day I woke up, I would take a Vicodin to start the day and then I would fill up a water bottle with vodka and drink it before and during my interviews,” he said in the file. The R&B crooner also touches on his very public split from Patton, 38.
The actress left Thicke in February following rumors of his infidelity and his racy ‘Blurred Lines’ performance with Miley Cyrus at the MTV Video Music Awards. “Do you consider yourself an honest person?” a prosecutor asked him during the deposition. “No. That’s why I’m separated,” Thicke responded, later adding, “I told my wife the truth. That’s why she left me.”

Real Madrid rout Basel 5-1  Liverpool celebrate return with dramatic 2-1winReal Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo celebrates a goal with his teammate Gareth Bale (L) during their Champions League soccer match against FC Basel (Source: Reuters)
Reuters | Paris | Posted: September 17, 2014 10:39 am | Updated: September 17, 2014 1:34 pm
Real Madrid started the defence of its Champions League crown with an emphatic 5-1 victory over Basel on Tuesday, while Liverpool celebrated its return to Europe’s top club competition with a dramatic 2-1 win against Bulgarian side Ludogorets.
Madrid’s win should end talk of crisis following a poor start to the club’s domestic season.
Goals by Gareth Bale, Cristiano Ronaldo, James Rodriguez, Karim Benzema and a Basel own-goal secured the 10-time champions’ a very comfortable victory in Group B.
Five years after its last involvement in the Champions League, Liverpool needed a penalty from Steven Gerrard in the third minute of added time – just two minutes after Ludogorets looked to have snatched a draw – to earn all three points.
Elsewhere, Borussia Dortmund beat Arsenal 2-0 and last season’s finalist Atletico Madrid lost 3-2 at Olympiakos.
Madrid’s win was much easier as Carlo Ancelotti’s players silenced their critics with a beautiful display of free-flowing football, turning the page on a poor run of form.
Madrid lost to Atletico in the Spanish Super Cup last month before Ancelotti’s side collapsed 4-2 at Real Sociedad in the league and followed up with a 2-1 loss to Atletico at home on Saturday.
“I liked the team’s reaction, I think the Bernabeu was happy,” Ancelotti said.
Against Basel, Madrid played with pace and was spectacular up front, despite the defense looking anything but solid.
Madrid opened the scoring in the 14th minute when Jose Fernandez’s shot was deflected in by Marek Suchy for an own-goal.
Bale then received a clever ball from Luka Modric to double his team’s lead and provided Ronaldo with a pass which the Portugal forward — the competition’s top scorer last season with 17 goals — converted a minute later.
Rodriguez added the fourth in the 37th before Derlis Gonzalez pulled one back for Basel in the 38th. Benzema made it five in the 79th after a pass from Ronaldo.
Mario Balotelli got his first goal for Liverpool in the 82nd minute before Ludogorets, a side who had not won a game in UEFA competition before last season, equalized through Dani Abalo.
Liverpool was then awarded a penalty when goalkeeper Milan Borjan brought down Javier Manquillo and Gerrard slotted home from the spot.
“Looking at the game as a whole, we did OK. We didn’t do better than OK,” Gerrard said. “I thought they caused us quite a few problems on the counterattack, so there’s a lot for myself and the lads to learn.”
In Group A, former Manchester United striker Carlos Tevez ended his European goal drought as he scored twice in a 2-0 win over Malmo, for his first goal in the competition since April 2009.
The group’s other game provided a shock in Athens, continued…
I liked the team's reaction, I think the Bernabeu was happy

A R Rahman scores music for Ashutosh Gowarikers debut TVshowPress Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: September 17, 2014 10:32 am
After the success of ‘Lagaan’ and ‘Jodha Akbar’, A R Rahman has teamed up with Ashutosh Gowariker for the director’s debut television show titled ‘Everest’.
Rahman said that it was a privilege to work on the Star Plus show with Gowariker, whose first look was launched on September 16.
“I have worked with Ashutosh earlier and it was a great experience. He has given me a brief for the show and I have already composed the title track for ‘Everest’.
I am also planning to use tracks created by some students from my music college for this show,” the Oscar-winning musician said.
Rahman feels Indian television has changed a lot in terms of production and it was a good experience for him to work in it.

Farhan Akhtar was impressed with Porbazaar script:DirectorPress Trust of India | Panaji | Posted: September 17, 2014 10:29 am
Actress-director Manava Naik says Bollywood star Farhan Akhtar, who will be seen in a special appearance in Marathi film ‘Porbazaar’, agreed to be a part of the movie just after reading the script.
Manava is making her debut as a director with the film, which deals with child trafficking.
“We needed somebody who is a thinker. We needed an actor who spreads social awareness. We were looking for someone more than just an actor.
We approached Farhan looking at the great work he has been doing. The content that he puts across through his movies represents my thinking too. When we approached him with the script he agreed to work on the film. He was impressed with the content and that’s why he agreed to work,” said Manava, who helmed two short films in the past.
‘Porbazaar’ stars Ankush Chaudhari, Sai Tamhankar, Chitra Nawathe, Swanand Kirkire, Chinmayee Sumeet, Prajakta Kulkarni, Swarangi Marathe and Satya Manjrekar. It is set for release on September 19.
Manava started her career in showbiz as an actress in popular shows on TV like ‘Special Squad’ and ‘Baa Bahu aur Baby’. She also tried her luck in Bollywood with a small role in ‘Jodhaa Akbar’ and later shifted to Marathi cinema.
“Acting was always a hobby for me. I have done all kinds of theatre and roles – right from children theatre to mainstream television. Direction was more like a conscious decision. I did two short films before directing ‘Porbazaar’.”
Manava said she is looking for great support from the audience for her film.
“The film has a great content and it is entertaining too. We want more and more families to watch the film because of its content. It speaks about the necessity of security to your family. It is a sugar-coated pill,” she said.
The director said the story was outcome of her mother’s experiences while working with children.
“My mother (co-producer of the movie) works with children. She has also worked with children who were trafficked and had first hand experience of dealing with the subject. We got associated with NGOs too,” Manava said.
The filmmaker said the movie is planned to be screened in Singapore next weekend.

Asian Games: Coach  gymnast accused of harassing girl in trainingcampPrint
Press Trust of India | Posted: September 17, 2014 10:29 am | Updated: September 17, 2014 4:26 pm
Gymnastic Federation of India promised strict action against a coach and a player if they are found guilty of charges of ‘harassing’ a woman player, who lodged a complaint at Delhi Police.
An international-level gymnast and a gymnastics coach, who are part of the squad which has left for the Incheon Asian Games, have been booked for allegedly passing obscene comments and making vulgar gestures at a woman player, police said.
GFI General Secretary Kaushik Bidiwala told PTI that the federation will conduct an internal inquiry after the Asian Games and strict action will be taken against the alleged offenders if they are found guilty.
“It’s an unfortunate and shameful development, if at all such an incident had happened. We will inquire internally if such incidents had happened and if these people are found guilty, strict action will be taken,” said Bidiwala, who is on his way to Incheon for the Asian Games which begin on Friday.
He said the coach and the player against whom the FIR was lodged will not be sent back to India.
“We will take the necessary action only after the Asian Games. As of now, they will not be sent back home.” In a complaint lodged with the Delhi Police last night, the trainee-level woman gymnast has alleged that the coach and the player passed vulgar remarks about her clothes and made
indecent gestures towards her on September 2 evening during a practice session at Indira Gandhi Indoor Stadium. Police said the duo, who left for the South Korean city yesterday, will be questioned in the first week of October after they return to India.
A case has been registered against them under Section 509 (word, gesture or act intended to insult the modesty of a woman) and 506 (punishment for criminal intimidation) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) at IP Estate police station.

Vikrams ugly look in I done by famed NZstudioVikram has taken up the look of a werewolf and a hunchback in the movie.
Press Trust of India | Chennai | Posted: September 17, 2014 10:26 am | Updated: September 17, 2014 12:06 pm
A New Zealand based studio known for its stunning visual effects in Hollywood movies has done the make up for Vikram in ace director Shankar’s upcoming mega budget Tamil film “I.”
Vikram, also plays the role of an eyesorish man and make-up for the character was done by Weta Digital, which offers digital production services, including special visual effects, animation besides art work, make-up.
Also read: ‘I’ trailer launch: Vikram stunned fans with his werewolf getup
“We wanted aesthetic eyesorish looks,” P C Sreeram, cinematographer said in the “Making of I,” audio-visual presentation.
Director Shankar said he approached Weta as the job was challenging. “This is the first time Weta is doing an Indian film.”
Weta is noted for the making of apes in the ‘Rise of the Planet of Apes’ and the ‘Dawn of the Planet of Apes.’
The studio won academy awards for Best Visual Effects in movies, including James Cameron directorial ‘Avatar’ and Peter Jackson’s ‘Lord of the Rings’.

Udupi comes alive on Sri Krishna JanmashtamiUpdated: September 17, 2014 10:49 IST
Udupi comes alive on Sri Krishna Janmashtami
Ganesh Prabhu
Tweet
The Hindu People performing ‘Huli Vesha’ on the occasion of Sri Krishna Janmashtami in Udupi on Tuesday and, at right, a child participating in the ‘Muddu Krishna’ competition.
THE HINDU A child participating in the "Muddu Krishna" competition on the occasion of Sri Krishna Janmashtami in Udupi on Tuesday.
The ‘Muddu Krishna competition’, where children dressed up as Lord Krishna , was held at Rajangana and Madhwa Mantapa here.
The Sri Krishna Janmashtami festival was celebrated with traditional pomp here on Tuesday. Vidyavallabha Tirtha Swami of Paryaya Kaniyur Math participated and supervised various religious rituals connected to the Sri Krishna Janmashtami festival at the Sri Krishna Math. The ‘Muddu Krishna competition’, where children dressed up as Lord Krishna , was held at Rajangana and Madhwa Mantapa here.
The Rajangana hall was full of children dressed as young Lord Krishna. Parents were giving tips to their children on how to behave on the stage. On the stage, the children tried to imitate the childhood pranks of Lord Krishna to devotional songs being played in the background.
Some children walked and even danced in tune with the music. . One child imitated eating butter from an earthen pot. Another child imitated playing the flute.
The audience appreciated the efforts put in by the children by applauding them. The competitions were held in four categories — below one year, one to two years, three to five years and six to 10 years.
Painting
In the afternoon, as many as 22 artists painted Lord Krishna under different themes, at the Kanaka Mantapa. These paintings would be exhibited at the Shiroor Math here from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.
“These paintings will be auctioned in the evening on Wednesday and the proceeds would be given to an orphanage and to an old age home,” said Shashank Shivathaya, coordinator of the event.
The Rangoli competition attracted many participants, who drew various attractive designs at the Anna Brahma hall. The Kaniyur seer visited the hall and admired the rangolis.
Huli Vesha
One of the attractions of the festival was the ‘Huli Vesha’.
They entertained the people by their vigorous dancing. Though there was quiet a heavy downpour in the afternoon, it made no difference to the enthusiasm of the dancers.

Buy target with 181/183Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Woodland Hospital faces challenge in finding staffStory
Not Just Lip Service
Kharshiing says his main challenge is to find doctors, nurses and technicians willing to work in Shillong.
Plastic surgeon Dr Werlok Kharshiing
BT-YES Bank Best SME Survey 
WOODLAND HOSPITAL
Plastic surgeon Dr Werlok Kharshiing was only 32 when, after completing his medical studies, he returned to his home state-Meghalaya -in 1975. Meghalaya was formed just three years earlier, after being carved out of Assam, and Kharshiing felt the new state needed more doctors. He joined a government hospital in Shillong and worked there until 1990 when he decided to bring the best of medical facilities to the state. He set up Woodland Hospital the following year. "We were the first private hospital in Meghalaya to acquire a CT scanner in 1994 and install an MRI machine in 2001," he says with pride.
Karshiing, who lost his father at an early age and was brought up by his mother, got his degree in medicine from Assam Medical College. He went to the All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) in New Delhi for his post graduation in general surgery and followed it up with specialisation in plastic surgery from the Post Graduate Institute of Medical Research and Education in Chandigarh.
Woodland started as a 28-bed hospital but has expanded since then to a 164-bed multi-specialty facility. It has also tied up with SmileTrain, a New York-based charity that provides free surgery for cleft lip to people globally
Kharshiing says his biggest challenge is finding doctors, nurses and technicians willing to work in Shillong. "This place is still lacking in human resource. For example, we don't have qualified MRI and CT scanner technicians..we train them ourselves," he says.
One way in which he has dealt with talent shortage is by setting up a nursing institute - called the Woodland Institute of Nursing in 2007. "We offer three types of courses and train around 200 nurses in all every year across courses."
The hospital, which has an annual turnover of around Rs 50 crore, is also facing increasing competition . His biggest competitor today is a central government-funded institution - the North Eastern Indira Gandhi Regional Institute of Health and Medical Sciences in Shillong. "You have to be on your toes now," says Kharshiing, who wants to set up a cancer hospital and one hospital in a rural area to cater to the poor.

Petrol or Diesel: Which Car Should You Buy NowYou are here: Home Industries
Buying a Car? Advantage Petrol, Says Crisil
NDTV | Updated On: September 16, 2014 21:07 (IST)
Indian E-commerce Market to Hit $15 Billion in 2 Years: Google
With the price differential between petrol and diesel narrowing sharply, the extra money paid to buy a diesel variant no longer makes economic sense, says Crisil Research in a note.
The share of diesel variants in total domestic sales of passenger cars and utility vehicles has started falling since peaking at 58 per cent in fiscal year 2012-13, according to Crisil. The research agency expects the percentage of diesel vehicle sales to fall to 45 per cent for this fiscal year (2014-15) while petrol vehicles increasing their share to 55 per cent.
Disadvantage Diesel
Diesel cars have typically been priced higher in India compared with petrol variants because of technology costs and other factors. This price premium ranges from about Rs 1 lakh for small car models to as high as Rs 3 lakh for luxury sedans, says Crisil.
(Also read: Diesel Prices Likely To Be Cut Soon )
Ajay Srinivasan, director of industry research at Crisil Research, said that the resale prices of diesel cars has also been impacted due to the narrowing price differential between the two types of fuel. ( Watch )
Fuel cost - a combined factor of the price of the fuel and the mileage of the vehicle - is one of the major components of the ownership cost of a car. Annual fuel cost is currently estimated to be about 30 per cent less for a diesel variant, assuming average annual car usage of 10,000 km, says Crisil. But this number has been decreasing - after touching a peak of 50 per cent in fiscal 2012 - as the government began to bite the subsidy bullet and started raising the price of diesel.
With the fuel price gap between petrol and diesel declining, Crisil expects the average petrol-to-diesel price ratio to reach a decade low of 1.2 times in this fiscal. Crisil also expects petrol-to-diesel price ratio to remain in this range if there in full diesel deregulation.
"This clearly indicates that purchasing a diesel car today does not make economic sense for private users, unless justified by usage. For commercial users, however, diesel cars still make economic sense given that usage will be much higher," Crisil says.
Here's the Diesel vs Petrol Math
In fiscal 2011-12, when the fuel price differential between petrol and diesel was at its widest, it took around 2.5 years to recover the premium paid to buy a diesel car, for example on a small car like Maruti Swift, says Crisil.
Today, with the petrol-diesel fuel price gap narrowing sharply, it will take nearly six years to recoup the extra money paid to buy the diesel model of the same Maruti Swift, adds Crisil. (See Chart -1 below )
Source: Crisil
 
Crisil's calculation is based on average car usage of 10,000 km annually in India. If one takes into interest income on the extra money paid on diesel vehicle vis-a-vis the petrol model, the recovery period would go up further.
Crisil in its calculation has taken the petrol price of Maruti Swift at Rs 4.42 lakh and Rs 5.46 lakh for diesel model (both ex-showroom prices New Delhi as of September 2014). Crisil further assumes on resale of the diesel model, 40 per cent of this price differential of Rs 1.04 lakh would be got back.
How It Works Out
The petrol variant of Swift gives 18.6 km/litre vs 22.0 km/litre on the diesel model (mileages are ARAI certified), according to Crisil. This means that for 10,000 km annual run, the diesel Swift owner will save Rs 11,082 per year on fuel costs due the diesel model's better mileage and lower cost of diesel fuel. And adding the resale differential of Rs 41,000 (40 per cent of Rs 1.04 lakh), it would take the buyer 5.6 years to recover the extra price (Rs 1.04 lakh) paid for the diesel model. Crisil's calculation is based on petrol at Rs 68.51/litre and diesel at Rs 58.97/litre (fuel prices in New Delhi as of August 31, 2014).
Crisil also assumes the maintenance cost to be similar for petrol and diesel variants. Based on the same calculation, Crisil says it would take 9.5 years for the diesel owner of Skoda Superb Elegance to recoup the extra cost. (See: Table 1 below)
Source: Crisil
Crisil however says diesel variants will remain attractive in some segments because buyers tend to focus a lot on performance metrics such as extra power and torque.
Story first published on: September 16, 2014 17:34 (IST)

BJP headquarter in Delhi turns less welcomingBJP headquarter in Delhi assumes corporate hue, turns less welcoming
Rakesh Mohan Chaturvedi, ET Bureau Sep 16, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
11 Ashok Road
(With Amit Shah’s ascension…)
NEW DELHI: With Amit Shah's ascension as BJP president, the party headquarters on Delhi's 11 Ashok Road has acquired a corporate hue and turned less welcoming than ever to those without an appointment, marking a sharp shift from the times when LK Advani, Rajnath Singh or even Nitin Gadkari was at the helm.
The in-your-face security and guards brusquely warding off visitors appear to be a far cry from the casual politeness of yore. A fleet of luxury cars and sports utility vehicles parked inside coupled with frequent visits of moneybags seeking tickets and other favours completes the new look.
The change stems from the top, party functionaries and veteran workers said, requesting not to be named. Shah does not meet anyone without an appointment, barring general secretaries and select central office-bearers, they said, adding that the situation is pretty much the same in Gujarat Bhawan where he holds some meetings and meets a few people.
Journalists are only slightly better off. "You put in a request for an appointment with the party chief. After that you will get a call confirming your appointment. Only then you should come here," said a member of the support staff manning the entry points to the main building.
Shah is also perhaps the first party president whose residence in Delhi is known only to a handful of people. Old-timers recall that things were drastically different earlier.
Before he was forced to step down over his laudatory comments on Muhammad Ali Jinnah, LK Advani used to be available to the party leaders at the headquarters on most days. Although his staff was not too welcoming either, there was not much security on the premises and other leaders like K Govindacharya and JP Mathur would entertain visitors and journalists.
Rajnath Singh, despite being an NSG protectee, was more accessible during both terms as party chief and he met hangers-on and assured people that he would look into their grievances.
Nitin Gadkari, during his term as party president, ushered in corporatisation in functioning of the party as he got a plush office built with air-conditioned cabins and attached toilets.
Known as the highways man in Maharashtra for building flyovers, he also gave the headquarters a new look by building an auditorium. However, all this construction work led to the demolition of the small rooms at the back of the headquarters which had served as the residence for many leaders who made it big later - including Room 46 that Narendra Modi occupied. Now, there are no party workers residing in the headquarter premises.
During the construction, even a small temple on the premises was unceremoniously removed as it was coming in the way of the auditorium. But Gadkari, who spent time in Nagpur and travelled extensively across the country, preferred to hold crucial meetings at his residence more than at the party headquarters. He did not get to use much of the infrastructure that he had built also because he was denied a second term over allegations of wrongdoing in Purti Group, with which he was formerly associated with.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Congress leadership will decide on transition: Sheila DikshitCongress leadership
(Dikshit said nobody should…)
NEW DELHI: Senior Congress leader Sheila Dikshit has said she would welcome the younger generation in her party led by Rahul Gandhi to take up larger responsibilities, but it would be for the collective leadership of Congress to decide on leadership transition. Dikshit also underlined that there cannot be a cut-off age for senior politicians as long as they were in a position to contribute.
When asked about the possibility of an early transition in Congress leadership , with Team Rahul reportedly raring to take charge, Dikshit told ET: "The young will eventually take over the leadership. Transition in leadership is a natural thing. It happens everywhere. Not only in political parties, in families and in business. If the younger generation of party leaders led by Rahul Gandhi feels they are ready for larger responsibilities, it is welcome. But the final decision on transition will be taken collectively by the Congress leadership."
Maintaining that Congress has been, for quite some time, grooming the younger generation led by Rahul Gandhi, she said nobody should make sweeping judgment about their ability on the basis of Congress electoral setback . "For some years now, Congress' collective leadership has been preparing the younger generation. The Congress president, with the occurrence of the collective leadership of the party and its supporters, has given Rahul Gandhi the responsibility... It is going to be a long journey for the younger generation of leaders. You can't make sweeping judgment on the basis of our recent electoral set back. There will be always ups and downs in politics." Dikshit has also underlined the importance of experienced leaders and asserted no age bar can be fixed in politics.
FEATURED ARTICLES

BJP-ruled states among laggards in Swachh Bharat rolloutBihar
(Several states, including…)
NEW DELHI: PM Narendra Modi's ambitious nation-wide sanitation drive Swachh Bharat is all set to get launched October 2, but several states, including those ruled by the BJP, are laggards when it comes to key aspects of the dream project.
According to officials in the ministry of drinking water and sanitation that is in charge of implementing the nationwide project, Chhattisgarh , Madhya Pradesh and Rajasthan — states led by BJP governments — are among the eight that have been making slow progress on building of toilets, one of the most important goals of the project. Swachh Bharat aims to eliminate open defecation by constructing toilets in every household by 2019, starting with 20 m toilets by 2015.
Incidentally, non-BJP ruled states such as Maharashtra, Kerala, Tamil Nadu and Himachal Pradesh have been prompt in building toilets and sending in sanitation plans to the central government, said sources in the ministry, adding that those asked to buck up include Uttar Pradesh, Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, Bihar , Jharkhand, Chhattisgarh, Odisha and West Bengal. Most of these states, known to have high levels of open defecation, have not even filed reports on the use of toilets that the ministry had demanded in June.
The maximum problems have arisen in Bihar, which has not sent regular reports or short-term sanitation plans that the ministry had demanded, officials said.
The ministry, under Nitin Gadkari, has sent letters to all states on the slow progress, warning them funds will not be released if they did not have sanitation plans ready. All states have been asked to send such a plan that includes a roadmap of the Swachh Bharat project in their respective states before the approval of any new water supply scheme. "Very low progress in respect on construction of household toilets has been noted in most states," according to the letter, which adds that sanitation plans should include school and aanganwadi toilets, community toilets and household latrines.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Direct India-Vietnam air service to begin from NovemberAir Service
(For the first time, India…)
Hanoi: For the first time, India and Vietnam will have direct daily flights from November 5 with domestic carrier Jet Airways connecting Delhi and Mumbai to the historic Ho Chi Minh City.
A Memorandum of Understanding for connecting the two countries by air was inked today in the presence of President Pranab Mukherjee and his Vietnamese counterpart Truong Tan Sang.
"We will be beginning the operations from November 5. There will be a flight daily and it would connect Delhi and Mumbai to Ho Chi Minh City," Jet Airways chairman Naresh Goyal told PTI after signing a deal in this regard with Air Vietnam.
Goyal said the route is a "profitable" one and it is expected to see a lot of tourists taking up the choice.
Booking for the flights has already been opened, he said. Goyal said a Boeing 737-800 will service the route and it will have both premier and economy segments to cater to all kinds of flyers.
A similar aircraft will be operated by Air Vietnam daily and is expected to see businessmen, tourists and even students taking the air service to India.
The agreement between the two airlines came on the second day of the four-day state visit of Mukherjee to the country.
Apart from this pact, six other Memorandums of Understanding (MoUs) were signed between the two nations.
Mukherjee will also travel to Ho Chi Minh City tomorrow after finishing bilateral engagements in the national capital.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Raghuram Rajan rules out cutting rates as WPI inflation fallsRBI Governnor Raghuram Rajan rules out cutting rates as WPI inflation falls to 3.74%
ET Bureau Sep 16, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
diesel subsidies
(Rajan also said at the Ficci…)
MUMBAI: Reserve Bank of India governor Raghuram Rajan gave the clearest possible signal that he'll keep interest rates unchanged at the month-end monetary policy announcement, just as the government announced wholesale inflation slowed the most in almost five years in August.
"Inflation is coming down,'' Rajan told a banking conference on Monday. "This is consistent with our forecast. Macro indicators are improving but still have some way to go before we can declare that we are out of the woods." He also said at the Ficci conference that falling oil prices gave India a good opportunity to scrap diesel subsidies.
"In the short run, lower oil prices are helping consumer countries like us. Typically a lower oil price means a lower current account deficit, lower oil subsidies and lower inflation," the RBI governor said. "We need to seize this moment to eliminate diesel subsidies completely... We can of course wait but the moment will leave us and we may be back to subsidising."
On September 12, the government had announced that retail inflation, the measure the central bank watches more closely, also decelerated in August, albeit at a less rapid pace than the wholesale index.
The governor has been resisting calls by companies to cut rates to give the economy a boost amid signs of growth reviving after it slumped below 5% in the past two years, hitting decadal lows. But Rajan has made clear before this that he doesn't want to make the mistake of changing the central bank's stance before inflation has been effectively quelled. The governor, who has raised interest rates thrice since he took office last September, said that if he's convinced that the target of 6% consumer inflation by January 2016 can be achieved, the central bank would respond.
"I have no desire to keep interest rates higher than they should be for a second longer... I want to bring down interest rates when feasible... when we have won the fight against inflation. We have to win that fight," Rajan said. But at this point of time "there is absolutely no point in reducing rates... to see inflation pick up once again."
According to Rajan, the recovery is still uneven but it's taking place from a lower level than before. Capital goods have taken a hit again and consumer durables are yet to pick up. However, strong auto sales along with export numbers suggest better days ahead.
"Monsoon has again strengthened. It is better than initially thought. So what remains is investment growth to pick up," he said. Rajan has been focusing on reining in prices and has even introduced inflation targeting despite opposition from economists and some in the political establishment. But the Narendra Modi government is also keen on curbing prices.
"Let's fight this anti-inflation fight once, and let's win. The government, which has a long horizon in mind, is on the same page," he said on August 6 after announcing the last monetary policy, at which rates had been maintained. He had also said that this would create the right climate for sustainable growth.
Although Rajan has been keeping rates unchanged, the central bank has been gradually easing curbs, thus freeing up cash in the banking system. It has reduced the proportion of deposits that banks have to hold in the form of government bonds, which could help fund loan demand when economic recovery picks up. He has also asked industrialists to cut prices, which in turn would help the central bank to cut rates.
Retail inflation as measured by the consumer price index slowed to 7.8% in August from 7.96% in July, mainly supported by slower annual increases in the prices of fuel, light and clothes. Wholesale price inflation in August eased to 3.74%, its lowest level in nearly five years, the government said on Monday. It shrank 145 basis points from the July print.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Why is market giving cold shoulder to WPI inflation figuresYou are here: Home > Collections > Wpi
Why is market giving cold shoulder to WPI inflation figures?
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 15, 2014, 02.35PM IST
Tags:
CPI
(WPI is not being looked at…)
MUMBAI: The better-than-expected WPI inflation figures for the month of August, which fell to a 5-year low to 3.74 per cent from 5.19 per cent in July, have failed to cheer the equity market.
WPI is not being looked at in the same light as the CPI inflation. The central bank is focusing more on the latter for key policy decisions. The central bank will continue to keep the rate cuts on hold till CPI declines closer to 6 per cent, say analysts.
"The market is right now bothered about the US Federal Reserve's meeting on Wednesday. Concerns of earlier-than-expected hike in the US interest rates are keeping the market on toes," said Dipen Shah, Head- Private Client Group Research, Kotak Securities .
The market is also taking the WPI inflation figures, which are known to be fluctuating, with a pinch of salt. A declining trend for the next couple of months will be required to reach a conclusion, say analysts.
The manufacturing sector data from IIP and WPI are signaling at stagflation and that could be hurting the sentiment as well.
"The IIP figures were disappointing on Friday. The manufacturing sector showed a decline and in today's WPI figures, manufacturing data showed a similar trend. In the manufacturing sector, both production and prices are on a decline, which could be a sign of stagflation," said Debopam Chaudhuri, Chief Economist, ZyFin Research.
According to him, the market is also not clear about the mismatch in food inflation figures in CPI and WPI. This could also be keeping the market jittery.
The WPI food price index dipped substantially to 5.15 per cent versus 8.43 per cent in July. CPI inflation slowed to 7.8 per cent in August from nearly 8 per cent in the previous month. However, CPI food inflation in August rose to 9.42 per cent over 9.36 per cent in July.
The market is now awaiting the US Federal Reserve's comments on rate hike. The market may witness a bout of profit booking if there is a hint of an earlier-than-expected rate hike.
Investors should use it as an opportunity to buy on declines, say experts.
"A heavy disinvestment programme, end of US quantitative easing in October accompanied by looming interest rate hikes, amongst others, could provide opportunities for correction. However, these will only be opportunities to buy," said Dilip Bhat, Joint MD, Prabhudas Lilladher.
"The next five years will see the markets in upward channel complimented by PE re-rating & strong domestic participation from all investors, big & small," he added. At 01:45 pm, the Nifty was at 8,051.95, down 53.55 points or 0.66 per cent. It touched a high of 8077.30 and a low of 8030 in trade today.
The S&P BSE Sensex was at 26,850.37, down 210.67 points or 0.78 per cent. It touched a high of 26,998.07 and a low of 26,813.02 in trade today.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Markets exposed by faith in central banks© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/42e343c6-39ab-11e4-93da-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

SBI Cuts Interest Rates for 1-3 Years Term DepositsApple $450 Million E-book Settlement Gets Final Court Approval
SBI or the State Bank of India has cut deposit rates for 1-3 years term deposits to 8.75 per cent from 9 per cent, earlier. The revision in rates is effective from September 18.
"In view of abundant liquidity coupled with slower than anticipated credit pick up, State Bank of India (SBI) has decided to cut the deposit rates by 25 basis points (0.25 per cent)," SBI said.
Simultaneously, SBI has also increased the deposit rate for the 180-210 days deposits to 7.25 per cent from 7 per cent earlier.
"With the inflation also trending down at a faster clip, this rate adjustment will continue to ensure that the savers are compensated adequately with a positive real rate on their deposits," SBI said.
Headline Inflation fell to a near 5-year low of 3.74 per cent in August, government data showed on Monday.
SBI is the country's largest lender.
SBI or the State Bank of India has cut deposit rates for 1-3 years term deposits to 8.75 per cent from 9 per cent, earlier. The revision in rates is effective from September 18.
"In view of abundant liquidity coupled with slower than anticipated credit pick up, State Bank of India (SBI) has decided to cut the deposit rates by 25 basis points (0.25 per cent)," SBI said.
Simultaneously, SBI has also increased the deposit rate for the 180-210 days deposits to 7.25 per cent from 7 per cent earlier.
"With the inflation also trending down at a faster clip, this rate adjustment will continue to ensure that the savers are compensated adequately with a positive real rate on their deposits," SBI said.
Headline Inflation fell to a near 5-year low of 3.74 per cent in August, government data showed on Monday.
SBI is the country's largest lender.
 

Afridi to lead Pakistan in Twenty20s againMore
Afridi to lead Pakistan in Twenty20s again
Shahid Afridi succeeded Mohammad Hafeez, who stood down in April following Pakistan's early exit from the World T20 in Bangladesh.
By Umar Farooq | ESPNcricinfo –  Tue 16 Sep, 2014 12:57 PM IST
0
Winds of change.
Shahid Afridi has been appointed Pakistan's Twenty20 captain until the 2016 World T20 in India. He has succeeded Mohammad Hafeez , who stood down in April following Pakistan's early exit from the 2014 World T20 in Bangladesh.
ESPNcricinfo understands the choice was between a young player and an experienced hand, but it was decided that none of the youngsters in the team were ready for such a responsibility. The decision was taken with the consent of the selection committee, head coach Waqar Younis and the PCB cricket committee, and it was approved by the PCB chairman Shaharyar Khan, who has the final say in such matters.
"Whatever happened in the past is over and now I have started a new beginning," Afridi said of his relationship with Waqar. "I will develop a fearless approach in the players and eradicate the fear of loss as a captain. This format is not for the chicken-hearted player"
Afridi, 34, had captained Pakistan in 19 Twenty20 internationals between August 2009 and April 2011. Pakistan won eight and lost 11 matches under his leadership. Afridi has not led Pakistan in any format for more than three years and will have one match against Australia and two against New Zealand before the year ends. Over the last 12 months, Afridi has taken 10 wickets at an average of 26.80 in 11 T20 internationals, and scored 173 runs at a strike rate of 150.
Misbah-ul-Haq is Pakistan's Test and one-day international captain and he is expected to continue in the 50-over role until the 2015 World Cup, the PCB reaffirmed while announcing Afridi's appointment.
"In line with my policy of taking decisions democratically I consulted the Cricket Committee and my board members before announcing these decisions," PCB chairman Shaharyar Khan said. "I wish both Afridi and Misbah very good luck in their upcoming assignments."
Afridi's previous stint as captain ended on a bad note in May 2011. He had a public falling-out with the coach Waqar Younis, who was also in his first term at the time, and an outburst against the then PCB chairman Ijaz Butt. The PCB issued him a showcause notice for the breach of discipline and stripped him off the captaincy thereafter.
The board also excluded him from the list of contracted players and refused to issue no-objection certificates (NOC) to allow Afridi to play in domestic Twenty20 leagues. Afridi, however, took the matter to court and both sides eventually came to an agreement: Afridi pleaded guilty to misconduct and paid a fine of Rupees 4.5 million, and the PCB allowed him to play domestic Twenty20 cricket in England.
Afridi then announced a conditional retirement, saying he would return if there were changes in the PCB and the team management. He made himself available for selection again in October 2011, after Waqar quit as national coach and Zaka Ashraf replaced Butt as PCB chairman.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

Domestic air passenger traffic rises 8.31% in AugustDomestic air passenger traffic rises 8.31% in August
IANS     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 16, 2014  | 18:21 IST
Domestic air passenger traffic increased by 8.31 percent in August to 56.97 lakh passengers - up from 52.60 lakh ferried in the corresponding month last year.
According to data furnished by the civil aviation ministry on Tuesday, on a month-on-month basis, there was an increase of over five per cent in the passenger traffic.
"Passengers carried by domestic airlines during Jan-Aug 2014 were 433.25 lakh as against 411.40 lakh during the corresponding period of previous year, thereby registering a growth of 5.31 per cent," the ministry said in a statement.
The data showed low-cost carrier IndiGo achieved the highest market share at 32.6 per cent followed by SpiceJet at 19.5 percent, Air India at 16.2 percent, Jet Airways at 16.1 per cent, Go Air at 10 per cent, and JetLite at 4 percent.
Regional carriers AirAsia India reported a market share of 0.06 per cent and Air Costa at 1.1 per cent.

Lupin ties up with Merck SeronoUpdated: September 16, 2014 23:21 IST
Lupin ties up with Merck Serono
Special Correspondent
medicine
To support the expansion of Merck Serono’s general medicines portfolio in emerging markets
Lupin has tied up with Merck Serono, the biopharmaceutical division of Merck, to support the expansion of Merck Serono’s general medicines portfolio in emerging markets. A statement from Lupin said the tie-up would address the local needs for affordable, high-quality medicines.
While no financial details of the tie-up were available, Lupin said it had an established working relationship with Merck and the agreement could add up to 20 new products to the current portfolio. Lupin will receive an upfront and milestone based licensing fee. The first launches are expected in 2016.
Lupin will develop products, provide product dossiers and supply finished products to Merck Serono which will be the marketing authorisation holder for the products and will leverage its strong commercial and medical teams in emerging markets to bring new medicines in its portfolio to customers.
“This strategic partnership builds on the existing close collaboration between our two companies,” Vinod Dhawan, Group President, Asia Pacific, the Middle East & Latin America, Lupin, said in a statement. “We are delighted to enter into this alliance, which is an extension of our existing partnership into a much larger, multi-regional one.”
The partnership will help Merck Serono expand its overall portfolio in general medicine and endocrinology. It will cover major markets such as Brazil, Mexico, Indonesia, the Philippines, countries in Africa, Central Eastern Europe as well as other emerging markets. It will focus on cardiovascular and diabetes diseases. Lupin said that in Africa, medicines would also be supplied for additional therapeutic areas, reflecting local healthcare needs such as availability of antibiotics.
“This collaboration will significantly strengthen our portfolio and Merck Serono’s position as one of the major players in emerging markets, aiming to provide patients in these regions with better access to health,” Elcin Ergun, Head of Global Commercial, Merck Serono, said in a statement. For Merck Serono, sales in emerging markets amounted to around 1.8 billion pounds in 2013. On the Bombay Stock Exchange on Tuesday, Lupin stock scaled a 52-week high of Rs.1,442.3 before closing at Rs.1,362.6, a fall of 3.69 per cent.

International accreditation of business mgmt courses offered by Indian B-schoolsAbhishek Agrawal      Follow @twit2abhi    Last Updated: September 17, 2014  | 11:16 IST
Abhishek Agrawal
As Indian B-schools aspire to become truly global in various aspects - student intake, quality of education, placements and participation in international rankings - more and more of them are looking for international accreditation.
Accreditation is a process of validation in which colleges, universities and other institutions of higher learning are evaluated. The standards for accreditation are set by a peer review board whose members include faculty from various accredited colleges and universities. As per business dictionary, accreditation is defined as "certification of competence in a specified subject or areas of expertise, and of the integrity, awarded by a duly recognised and respected accrediting organisation".
Merely an approval by AICTE (All India Council for Technical Education) or affiliation to a university/AIU (Association of Indian Universities) no longer establishes the quality of a business management program. Even an accreditation by NAAC (National Assessment and Accreditation Council) no longer enhances reputation of these programs.
Among the 15,000-plus B-schools in the world, roughly 4,000 are in India. However, less than 0.25 per cent of Indian B-schools have received any of prestigious international accreditation.
While international accreditations are a costly affair, both in terms of financial investment and resource mobilisation in addition to tedious and time-taking process; they certainly offer a whole lot of tangible and intangible benefits - both in short and long terms. These internationally accredited institutions become more attractive to global students, faculty and recruiters alike and stand with higher ability to create a price differentiation (fees and admission brochure). On the other hand, it also helps in creating diversity of students as well as faculty. Such international accreditation gives an advantage of international recognition, status and exposure.
As these accreditations are based on assessment and verification of several parameters, including rigour in admission process, learning expectations and assurance, faculty quality, course curriculum, infrastructure, international interface, ethics, diversity, innovation, placements, among others, it serves the B-schools by informing them of their strengths and weaknesses vis-a-vis their global peers.
There are three truly international accrediting organisations:
- The Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business (AACSB)
- The Association of MBAs (AMBA)
- The European Quality Improvement System (EQUIS)
 
While each of these use different systems on which to base their assessment of schools, all are highly evolved and provide high benchmarks for acceptance.
AACSB
The US-based Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business (AACSB) was established in 1916 as a membership organisation for business schools.
In 1919, the first AACSB Accreditation Standards were adopted with the primary objective of improving collegiate business education. Today, the AACSB Accreditation Standards are used as the basis to evaluate a business school's mission, operations, faculty qualifications and contributions, programs, and other critical areas. AACSB accreditation ensures students and parents that the business school is providing top-quality education. It also ensures employers that AACSB-accredited business school graduates are ready to perform from day one. Additionally, AACSB accreditation provides many benefits to the faculty and staff at its accredited schools by attracting higher quality students, providing greater research opportunities, and allowing for global recognition.
AACSB's accreditation standards drive impact, innovation and engagement with students, employers, and various stakeholders. The standards are rigorous, relevant, and benchmarks of quality. Institutions that hold AACSB accreditation are committed to high quality and continuous improvement - a powerful differentiator worldwide.
Currently, the following Indian business schools are accredited by AACSB:
a.    Indian Institute of Management Calcutta
b.    Indian School of Business, Hyderabad
c.    T A Pai Management Institute Manipal
Here is a word of caution, especially for aspiring students - there are several B-schools who are members of AACSB, but have not received accreditation.
AMBA
The Association of MBAs (AMBA) is one of the major accreditation bodies for postgraduate business education and was established in 1967. The London-based group positions itself as "the world's impartial authority on postgraduate management education".
The AMBA system judges the quality of a business school's strategy, mission, faculty, students, curriculum, and assessment. For example, to be accepted as an AMBA-accredited school, students admitted to a school's program must have at least three years of work experience and three quarters of a business school's faculty must have a Masters or Doctoral degree in a relevant discipline.
It differs from AACSB and EQUIS as it accredits a school's portfolio of postgraduate business programs rather than the entire business school.
To date AMBA has accredited programmes at 210 business schools in over 70 countries. Its process of accrediting an MBA program includes reviewing compliance with over 100 criteria, most of them qualitative rather than quantitative. The criteria fall into seven dimensions: history and development of the institution; facilities and libraries; teaching faculty, teaching standards and research track record; program administration, career and alumni services; student admission standards, diversity and cohort size; curriculum content, program mode and duration; and learning outcomes.
Some of the key AMBA criteria for the accreditation of an MBA program include:
- All admitted students should have at least three years of full-time post-graduation work experience upon the start of the MBA course
- A school should have a track record of at least three years of graduating MBA students before it can be accredited
- An MBA program should have a cohort size of at least 20 students.
- At least 50% of the faculty of an MBA program (including visiting faculty as part of the total) are normally expected to have PhD degrees
- A full-time MBA curriculum should contain no less than 500 contact (teaching) hours and a distance-learning MBA program should have no less than 120 contact hours
The following business schools in India are AMBA-accredited:
a.    Indian Institute of Management Calcutta
b.    Indian Institute of Management Kozhikode
c.    Indian Institute of Management Lucknow
d.    International Management Institute, Delhi
e.    Management Development Institute, Gurgaon
f.    S.P. Jain Institute of Management & Research Mumbai
g.    Great Lakes Institute of Management Chennai
EQUIS
EQUIS (managed by the Brussels-based European Foundation for Management Development - EFMD) is one of the major international systems of quality assessment, improvement and accreditation for business schools that provide courses in management and business administration. EQUIS evaluates a business school's governance, strategy, programs, students, faculty, research and development, executive education, contribution to the community, resources and administration, internationalisation, and corporate connections.
The fundamental objective of EQUIS is to raise the standard of management education worldwide.
How does EQUIS assess schools?
EQUIS assesses institutions as a whole. It assesses not just degree programmes but all the activities and sub-units of the institution, including research, e-learning units, executive education provision and community outreach. Institutions must be primarily devoted to management education.
EQUIS looks for a balance between high academic quality and the professional relevance provided by close interaction with the corporate world. A strong interface with the world of business is, therefore, as much a requirement as a strong research potential. EQUIS attaches particular importance to the creation of an effective learning environment that favours the development of students's managerial and entrepreneurial skills, and fosters their sense of global responsibility. It also looks for innovation in all respects, including programme design and pedagogy.
Institutions that are accredited by EQUIS must demonstrate not only high general quality in all dimensions of their activities, but also a high degree of internationalisation. With companies recruiting worldwide, with students choosing to get their education outside their home countries, and with schools building alliances across borders and continents, there is a rapidly growing need for them to be able to identify those institutions in other countries that deliver high quality education in international management.
As of now, only two business schools in India are accredited by EQUIS:
a.    Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad
b.    Indian Institute of Management, Bangalore
SAQS
In addition to these truly international accreditation, The Association of Management Development Institutions in South Asia (AMDISA), based out of India (Hyderabad) provides SAQS (South Asian Quality Assurance System) accreditation, which involves mentoring, self-assessment documentation, peer review and apex committee evaluation.
In India, the following business schools have received SAQS accreditation:
- Asian School of Business Management, Bhubaneswar
- ICFAI Business School Hyderabad Campus
- IILM Institute for Higher Education, New Delhi
- International Management Institute, New Delhi
- Institute of Management Technology, Ghaziabad
- Institute of Public Enterprise, Hyderabad
- K.J. Somaiya Institute of Management Studies and Research, Mumbai
- Management Development Institute, Gurgaon
- SVKM'S NMIMS School of Business Management, Mumbai
- Prin. L.N. Welingkar Institute of Management Development & Research, Mumbai
- Xavier Institute of Management, Bhubaneswar (XIMB)
- XLRI School of Business and Human Resources, Jamshedpur
ACBSP
In 1989, several B-schools found that the AACSB-accredited business schools had an emphasis on research, while most business schools had emphasis on teaching. Based on the analysis of this gap, ACBSP (Accreditation Council for Business Schools and Programs) was established to accredit business schools with emphasis on teaching and learning. Currently ACBSP accredits nearly 8,000 programs at over 1,200 campuses across the world. However, ACBSP accreditation is widely seen as less stringent that of other accreditation bodies such as AACSB, EQUIS and AMBA.
Currently, some programs of the following B-schools in India are accredited by ACBSP:
- Amity University, Noida
- Apeejay School of Management, New Delhi
- ICBM - School of Business Excellence, Hyderabad (Doctorate degree only)
- Jansons School of Business, Coimbatore
- Lovely Professional University, Punjab
- PSG Institute of Management, Coimbatore
- Ramaiah Institute of Management Studies, Bangalore
- Regional College of Management Autonomous, Bhubaneswar
- School of Communication and Management Studies, Cochin (Doctorate degree only)
Importantly, only doctorate degrees in some of these institutions have received ACBSP recognition.
The validity of such accreditation is also important as the accreditation can be withdrawn if the required criteria are not maintained by the institute. Considering the accreditation process, quality standards, eligibility process, accreditation criteria and scope of accreditation, the true gem in an institutions crown is an accreditation by EQUIS, AMBA or AACSB. This also explains why BT-MDRA ranking methodology gives significant weightage to these three international accreditations in its annual ranking of B-schools.
Abhishek Agrawal is the executive director, Marketing and Development Research Associates (MDRA)

Saudi sentences 2 to death  jails 13 for  terrorismSaudi sentences 2 to death  jails 13 for  terrorism
40 Years Ago... And now: L&T - The graveyard of corporate raiders40 Years Ago... And now: L&T - The graveyard of corporate raiders
M&M in talks to buy Peugeot s scooter business: ReportM&M in talks to buy Peugeot's scooter business: Report
BS Reporter | Mumbai Sep 17, 2014 12:47 AM IST
Mahindra & Mahindra (M&M), the market leader in India's tractors and utility vehicles segments, is in advanced talks to buy PSA Peugeot Citroen's scooter business, according to a Bloomberg report.
"An announcement may be made soon," the agency quoted two people as saying. The sources declined to be identified, as the discussions were private.
The deal will provide M&M Peugeot's ready technology, as well as reach in western markets. Though M&M has been making scooters since 2008, its presence in this segment is negligible.
A notice by the company to BSE said, "The company wishes to clarify it examines/pursues various opportunities in different areas from time to time on a continuous basis; it is not practicable to comment upon every opportunity at every stage. It is not in a position to confirm or deny the veracity of the news, given its policy of not commenting on speculative news/reports emanating from such activity."
Jean-Baptiste Thomas, a spokesman for Paris-based Peugeot, didn't respond to a query by Bloomberg.
After it shut an engine plant two years ago, Peugeot's scooter business had become a "drag and burden on the group", according to chief executive Carlos Tavares, who took charge of the company in March. Since the past few months, Peugeot has been exploring various options to address this issue.
M&M, meanwhile, successfully acquired and turned around operations at Korea-based sports utility vehicle maker Ssangyong Motor Company and has been eying various buy-out opportunities abroad. Earlier, a senior M&M executive had said the group was approached for nearly every automotive deal across the globe, adding it evaluated such offers.
M&M has seen some success with economy motorcycle Centuro, launched last year. After starting with technology borrowed from the now defunct Kinetic Motors, M&M has been tapping technology used in its sports utility vehicles for its two-wheelers.
However, the two-wheeler business has been a drag on the group, posting a loss of Rs 459 crore last financial year and an accumulated loss of Rs 1,250 crore, according to disclosures in the company's annual report. After six product launches and investment of about Rs 500 crore, the two-wheeler business was declared "potentially sick". This followed its accumulated losses peaking to Rs 790 crore at the end of March 2013.
In 2013-14, the company's two-wheeler sales rose 93 per cent to 202,759 units; the Centuro accounted for 73 per cent of these sales. Mahindra Two Wheelers retails five scooter models and two motorcycles. It plans to launch a new scooter in a few weeks.
Peugeot's scooter business, which has posted losses through a decade, sold 79,000 vehicles last year, a rise of 8.2 per cent. The unit employs about 500 people in France and 300 at a joint venture in China.
In 2013-14, scooter sales in India surged 23 per cent to 3.6 million units, against 2.92 million units in 2012-13. Honda Motorcycle & Scooter India, India's largest manufacturer of scooters, controls more than half the market.
RACING WEST
Rs 459 cr Loss incurred by M&M's two-wheeler business in FY14
 
79,000 Number of scooters sold last year by Peugeot, a gain of 8.2%
 
800 Total number of people employed by Peugeot's scooter unit in France and its joint venture in China
 
6:1 India's two-wheelers to car sales ratio
 

Strict pollution control norms for Diesel ve...diesel vehicles
(“While initial norms…)
NEW DELHI: The environment ministry plans to impose stringent pollution control norms for diesel vehicles to combat rising pollution in the country, environment minister Prakash Javadekar said.
Javadekar made a pitch for tough norms while addressing a conference on sustainability organised by the Confederation of Indian Industry, whose members include top energy companies and auto majors such as Maruti, Tata, Mahindra, Ford, among others.
The minister said that the vehicular population of the country has more than doubled in the last 10 years, and was expected to keep rising, making it necessary to tighten the environmental norms.
"While initial norms for diesel vehicles were less stringent, now the price differential between petrol and diesel is gone," the minister said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ban: UN  taking lead  on global fight of EbolaBan: UN  taking lead  on global fight of Ebola
Lupin extends losses in an otherwise firm marketLupin extends losses in an otherwise firm market
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 17, 2014 09:45 AM IST
Lupin has dipped 1% to Rs 1,348 extending its yesterday’s decline of 5%, after the pharmaceutical company announced that it has entered into a long term strategic partnership with Merck Serono, the Biopharmaceutical division of Merck.
 
However, at 9.42 AM, the Nifty is quoting at 7,939 levels up by 7 points or 0.09%. 
 
The stock opened at Rs 1,380 and touched a high of Rs 1,394 and a low of Rs 1,341 on the NSE.   A total of 138,901 shares changed hands on the counter so far on NSE.
 
“Lupin will support Merck Serono in the implementation of the company’s General Medicines portfolio expansion initiative in emerging markets thus addressing local needs for affordable, high quality medicines, “ Lupin said in a statement.
 
The agreement builds on an established working relationship between the two companies, and could add up to 20 new products to the current portfolio. The first launches are expected in 2016, it added
 

Valls wins vote and vows to continue reformValls wins confidence vote and vows to press on with France reform
By Adam Thomson in Paris
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b37ed9d4-3db5-11e4-b175-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Apollo Tyres rallies 4% on reports of re-structuringAfrica
("Apollo Tyres Africa (Pty)…)
NEW DELHI: Apollo Tyres Ltd rose as much as 4.1 per cent in trade on Wednesday after the tyre maker said that it is undertaking a an exercise to 'rescue' operations of its South African arm in the wake of uncompetitive cost structure, continuous labour unrest and related issues.
At 09:40 a.m.; Apollo Tyres was pared some of the morning gains but was still trading 1.4 per cent higher at Rs 198.50. It hit a low of Rs 198 and a high of Rs 203.65 in trade today.
The company has roped in a specialist to re-structure its operations there, PTI reported.
"Apollo Tyres Africa (Pty) Ltd has voluntarily initiated the Business Rescue proceedings, and has appointed a specialist to re-structure its operations and to secure the best value for all stakeholders," a company spokesperson said in a statement.
The evaluation by the independent Business Rescue Practitioner will decide the future course of action for the company in South Africa , the statement added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex Up Over 150 Points  Nifty Near 8 000You are here: Home Market
BSE Sensex, Nifty Edge Higher Amid Broad Gains
NDTV | Updated On: September 17, 2014 09:28 (IST)
Sensex, Nifty Hit Record; Banks Surge on Kotak-ING Deal
BSE Sensex and Nifty were higher today tracking a rebound in global markets on speculation that the Federal Reserve would maintain a pledge on low rates when a two-day policy meeting ends later today.
Asian shares crept cautiously higher on Wednesday after Wall Street rebounded overnight. The Dow hit a fresh record while the US dollar took a knock after the Wall Street Journal's Fed watcher Jon Hilsenrath said the central bank would keep the words "considerable time" in its policy statement, though it might qualify them.
The phrase has become a touchstone in markets for when the Fed might start raising interest rates and dropping it would be taken as a hawkish step.
Global markets also got a boost by a news report that China's central bank was pumping more liquidity into the country's five largest banks. The report cited a banking analyst saying the People's Bank of China would provide 100 billion yuan to each bank for a three month period.
The Sensex was up 135 points to 26,627 while Nifty rose 41 points to 7,974. The gains were broad-based with all the sectoral indices on BSE in the green. The BSE midcap index rose 0.80 per cent while smallcap index advanced over 1 per cent. (With Agency Inputs)
Story first published on: September 17, 2014 09:28 (IST)

Chinas central bank injects $81 bn into major banksChina’s central bank injects $81 bn into major banks
Reuters
Tweet
Shanghai, Sept 17:  
China’s central bank is injecting a combined 500 billion yuan ($81.35 billion) of liquidity into the country’s top banks in moves to support a slowing economy, the Wall Street Journal reported, sending benchmark money market rate sharply lower on Wednesday.
The Journal, citing an unnamed Chinese bank executive, said the People’s Bank of China (PBOC) is pumping in 100 billion yuan each into China’s top five banks via standard lending facility.
The benchmark seven-day bond repurchase agreement opened at 3.25 per cent compared with 3.62 per cent at the close on Tuesday and a weighted average rate of 3.32 per cent the previous day.
Officials at the PBOC could not be reached for comment.
The report comes after a series of soft data raised worries that the economy is struggling to rebound from a weak start to the year.
Data out at the start of the week showed China factory output grew at the weakest pace in nearly six years in August, raising fears that the economy may be at risk of a sharp slowdown unless Beijing implements fresh stimulus measures.
The PBOC had launched Standing Lending Facility in 2013 to supplement other monetary policy tools such as open market operations.
SLFs are mainly used to provide one- to three-month loans directly to commercial banks.
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

Rupee trading strong at 61.01Rupee ends up at 60.91
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 17:  
The rupee gained for a second consecutive session to close at 60.91 against the dollar on the back of stronger Asian currencies on expectations that US Federal Reserve would not hike policy rates.
After opening stronger by 11 paise at 60.95 per dollar against the previous close of 61.06, the rupee gained to 60.88 tracking Asian currencies and capital flows into the domestic equity market.
Emerging markets were also helped by news of China’s Central Bank’s investment of a combined 500 billion yuan ($81.35 billion) into the country's top banks.
During the day, the domestic unit declined to 61.02 as investors awaited the outcome of the US central bank meeting later on Wednesday.
Call drops, Bond rates end flat
The interbank call money rate, the rate at which banks borrow short-term funds from one another, ended lower at 7.95 per cent from the previous close of 7.80 per cent on Tuesday.
The price and yield on the benchmark 8.40 per cent government security maturing in 2024, closed flat from Tuesday’s close of Rs 99.34 and 8.49 per cent, respectively.
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

Apollo Tyres gains on business rescue operations in South AfricaApollo Tyres gains on business rescue operations in South Africa
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 17, 2014 10:19 AM IST
Apollo Tyres has gained nearly 3% at Rs 201 after the company said that it is undertaking an exercise to rescue operations of its South African arm.
The company announced that Apollo Tyres Africa Proprietary, a wholly-owned step subsidiary of the company in South Africa, has voluntarily initiated business rescue proceedings. It has appointed a specialist to re-structure its operations and to secure best value for all stakeholders. The evaluation by such specialist will decide the future course of action for the company in South Africa, the company said in a statement.
Apollo Tyres had entered South Africa in 2006 with the acquisition of Dunlop Tires International for Rs 290 crore in an all-cash deal. However, according to media reports, it has not been able to make the best out of the business there in the wake of uncompetitive cost structure, continuous labour unrest and related issues.
On BSE, so far 2 lakh shares were traded in the counter, compared with an average volume of 6  lakh shares in the past one quarter. The stock hit a high of Rs 203.65 and a low of Rs 198 so far during the day.

Fed may decide on new rate tool this weekJonathan Spicer and Ann Saphir     New York/San Francisco   Last Updated: September 17, 2014  | 11:50 IST
US Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen at Capitol Hill in Washington(Photo: Reuters)
There is a distinct chance US Federal Reserve officials will rewrite their strategy for normalising monetary policy this week given signs that a roller-coaster debate over a new tool for controlling interest rates is nearing its resolution.
Investors worldwide are watching the US central bank's policy meeting that ends on Wednesday for hints on when it will start raising borrowing costs. But perhaps as importantly, officials may finally update a 2011 blueprint for a gradual tightening of the Fed's ultra-loose policy and shrinking its swollen asset portfolio.
Many Fed officials, economists and financial market participants once believed the so-called overnight reverse repurchase facility, which has been tested for a year, would become the main lever for steering interest rates and play a central role in a new monetary policy framework.
However, after a long debate over the merits and potential risks of the new tool the Fed appears close to a compromise limiting the use of the facility, Fed and industry sources say.
In a reverse repo - a tool used by other central banks, but new for the Fed in such an unlimited capacity - the central bank offers Treasury securities in exchange for cash from banks, money market funds and mortgage finance agencies, effectively paying them to park funds with the Fed.
Traditionally, the Fed does business only with a select group of banks, so the broad range of participating institutions raised stability concerns among central bankers.
Minutes from previous meetings show Fed officials are close to agreeing on "exit principles", which they want to publish long before they start raising rates. A compromise on the new tool could pave the way for the plan to see the light Wednesday afternoon, though it is not clear if all differences have already been ironed out.
"To me it would make sense, if we can achieve it, to do it in September, but we'll see," Dallas Federal Reserve Bank President Richard Fisher said in an interview in early September.
Officials at the US central bank's influential New York branch had big plans for the new facility, designed to help drain the vast pool of reserves the central bank has created trying to revive the economy in the wake of the global financial crisis.
But reservations among policymakers elsewhere in the country made it a sticking point in the effort to rewrite the exit principles that would guide any policy tightening.
Like other officials, Fisher has yet to give the new tool a full embrace and Fed minutes show he is not alone.
"It has utility, but we have to be careful in deploying it," he said. "I think we have to be careful that we don't become party to anything that could in any way shape or form... Have financial repercussions that we did not foresee."
UPS AND DOWNS
As the New York branch of the Federal Reserve ramped up testing of the overnight reverse repo late last year, banks, funds and other market players started preparing for a major new Fed presence in short-term funding markets.
In December, Simon Potter, head of markets at the New York Fed, said the tool's users were telling his team it would effectively control money market rates "if executed in full scale in the future."
"When it first came through everyone thought it would be integral to monetary policy," said Gennadiy Goldberg, a strategist at TD Securities.
But in January the Fed's policy-setting committee decided that its chair - Ben Bernanke at the time and now Janet Yellen - would approve any subsequent changes to the new rate during the testing, an apparent effort to wrest some control of the facility from the central bank's New York branch.
Later in March, just a few blocks from the New York Fed's headquarters, Philadelphia Fed President Charles Plosser told an audience of bond traders that the committee, and not the New York Fed's open markets desk, would ultimately decide its fate.
How to drain more than $3 trillion of funds pumped into the economy since 2008 without causing market upheaval and hurting economic recovery is the ultimate challenge for the Fed.
The new facility has been a key topic in at least three policy-setting committee meetings since April and officials could still delay the publication of the exit principles if they decide the tool needs more testing.
One chief worry has been that giving money market funds unlimited access to the new facility could spark "runs" from more risky assets in times of financial stress.
Another concern is that it would align the Fed too closely with the non-traditional - and possibly more risky - funds, and cut out the banks.
By July, most officials appeared to agree that reliance on the tool should be limited and temporary.
The key policy rate, they agreed, should remain the rate on overnight lending between banks known as the fed funds rate. The federal funds rate would be pinned within a quarter percentage point corridor, with the rate paid to banks on excess reserves held at the Fed serving as the ceiling, and the reverse repo rate acting as a floor.
But to curb demand for the latter the Fed now plans to pay a rate further below the target rate than officials had earlier envisioned.
"This is a far cry from the original plan," former Fed Governor Laurence Meyer co-wrote last month in a note for Macroeconomic Advisers.
(Reuters)

Bespoke trunks make comeback as luxe productStory
Trunk it up
Once synonymous with the Maharajahs and European elite, bespoke trunks are making a comeback as contemporary art and utility statements.
Sarika Malhotra      Follow @sarikamalhotra2    Edition: Sept 28, 2014
(Left to right) Priyank, Paritosh and Livio of Trunks Company, Jaipur
Sheikha Hessa Al-Thani, of the royal family of Qatar, visited India last year, and she took some unlikely items with her back home. Trunks. And eight of those.
During her stay at one of India's finest palace-turned-luxury hotels, Rambagh Palace in Jaipur, some objects caught her eye. Gelling with the unmistakable sense of history that transcends time, a couple of trunks were placed in the pristine white marble lobby of the hotel.
Placed next to them was a stack of visiting cards and a note that led the Sheikha to their craftsmen: Trunks Company, Jaipur. A series of trunks were commissioned by the Sheikha that ranged from steamers to customised jewellery trunks.
Eye catcher: A steamer trunk (flat-top trunk) at Rambagh Palace in Jaipur.
Ram Rathore, Director, Sales and Marketing, Rambagh Palace, says the high-profile guests who stay at the luxury hotel have been so intrigued with these trunks that they want to take them back as a memorabilia of their trip. What fascinates them is the fact that they can be customised as per their fancy, according to Rathore.
"It's a reflection of what the country can offer in terms of luxury and how customisation is India's forte. Very Indian in colours and scheme, and of international quality, these trunks get in a lot of inquiries from our guests," says Rathore.
Designed to last a lifetime, minute detailing goes in crafting a product to match a clients lifestyle, passion and preferences - from hand-picking leather and suede from Italy, to superior hand-carved teak, German brass accents and LED lights from Japan.
Once synonymous with the royalty and elite as their premium travel accoutrements in the 19th century, trunks are making a comeback with the well-heeled. International trunk makers such as LV, Goyard, ST Dupont and Pinel have recreated the magic of the bygone era of luxury travel to perfection.
In the domestic market though Trunks Company has little competition. Paritosh Mehta, Founder of Trunks Company, says that conventional trunks got lost because people no longer travel in ships. "Now, trunks are here to treasure possessions, reflect subtle aspects of the possessor's personality, and as installations for contemporary spaces as art pieces."
Indeed, the market for trunks is growing - from the small travel, watch, turban and shoe trunks to the big bespoke wardrobe, dressing, watch collectors, music, jewellery safe, rifle and sword, coin, bookshelf and bar trunks.
Mehta says that a substantial chunk of the trunks business is being commissioned through interior designers, from the likes of Pinakin Patel, Kiran Gala and Adil Ahmad among others.
Raising a toast: A bar trunk manufactured by the Trunks Company.
These designers are using the trunks as both utility and decor and lifestyle pieces. Early this year, Trunks Company was commissioned a bar trunk for actor Ranbeer Kapoor by interior designer Sussanne Khan.
Mehta has 40 craftsmen working on these customised handcrafted pieces. A special team takes care of the delivery and after-sales maintenance of these pieces. Mehta's core team includes brother Priyank and Livio Delesgues, a Frenchman who personally designs every trunk for the client.
The Mehta brothers were earlier leather goods exporters from Jaipur . A chance meeting with Delesgues led to the launch of the Trunks Company in 2011.
"We found trunks fascinating and wanted to recreate their magic and take them beyond travel needs," says Mehta.
Trunks are unique and not everyone possesses them, points out Mehta. "It's not like a sofa or a table. What the clients treasure in the trunks, makes them even more unique. Ninety-five per cent trunks are bespoke," he adds. The company had a turnover of Rs 2.3 crore in 2013/14. For bespoke pieces, depending on the size and preference of the customer, it takes one to three months for a trunk to be made.
Raising a toast: A bar trunk manufactured by the Trunks Company
Interior designer Adil Ahmad says the trunks made by Trunks Company are of the finest international quality and design and fit well in the affordable luxury segment ranging from Rs 3 lakh to Rs 15 lakh.
However, the small fashion trunks start from Rs 50,000 onwards. Ahmad is currently working on the interiors of the SUJAN Rajmahal Palace, Jaipur, and plans to use these trunks as mini bars and cabin trunks in the suites. These trunks are also increasingly been used as subtle decor accessories in the living rooms and bedrooms, beneath the console or bed side.
Manisha Mayur Shekhar, luxury marketing expert, says that these luxury vintage trunks are especially becoming popular among women to store their clothes, shoes, jewellery, watches, makeup, etc.
Trunks have made a comeback, especially as a part of wedding trousseaux. "Bespoke trunks are all the time in demand as an important luxury accessory but marriages seems to be a big market for these handcrafted luxury trunks. Indians prefer big extravagant trunks which are ideal for the wedding trousseaux," says Shekhar.
"The trunks are commissioned on the needs of a client. These may be used as gifts to the bride and groom or the close family, termed as 'dowry trunks'," she adds.
Shekhar estimates that in the marriage season demand for trunks goes up by five to six times.
"Rough estimates suggest that in the last five years, sale of luxury trunks in India has grown at 40-50 per cent annually."
No wonder, then, that Trunks Company has recently customised a 1800-kg safe trunk for a royal family to adorn 100 rings, 120 earnings and 40 necklaces.

No function for PMs birthday today  Amit Shah to kick off election campaign for BJPtomorrowPrint
Written by Nisha Nambiar | Pune | Posted: September 17, 2014 11:10 am
On the birthday of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, the city BJP unit, along with the party workers in western Maharashtra will gear up for a ‘mega’ programme to sound their bugle for the forthcoming assembly elections on Thursday.
With BJP national president Amit Shah in the city on Thursday, the party workers are preparing for the programme, which will have nearly 10,000 workers coming together to launch the state election campaign.
Modi has in a tweet appealed to people not to celebrate his birthday and instead help Jammu and Kashmir flood victims, so party leaders in the city have concentrated on this mega event, that is to draw a mammoth crowd of BJP workers not only from the city but also from western Maharashtra.
The programme is titled ‘Virat Vijay Sankalp’ yojana and had been flagged off by Shah in Haryana last month. It will be given a similar flagging off in Maharashtra in an aim to strengthen the saffron alliance in the state and wipe out the Congress-Nationalist Congress Party alliance, said senior BJP leaders of the programme.
Shah will undertake the state campaign. Billed as the party’s master election strategist he had delivered in the general elections in Uttar Pradesh where he had declared that the BJP would sweep the elections and the party had ended up winning 71 of the 80 seats in the crucial state, of which he was in charge.
Spokesperson Madhav Bhandari said that since the PM did not want any birthday celebrations, district and western Maharashtra leaders were focussing on this programme. “This is the first time that Shah will be in the state and this programme will kick off our election campaign for the assembly elections,” said Bhandari. He said that they would also respect the instructions of the PM and would do the needful for the Jammu and Kashmir flood-affected victims.
MP Anil Shirole also added that they have specific instructions not to celebrate the Prime Minister’s birthday and they would focus on helping out the victims.
The media incharge of western Maharashtra, Prof Shripad Dekhne, said that they would work out the programme and accordingly carry out collections for the victims. He said that all the city leaders met and discussed about the mega programme, which is likely to see all hopefuls for the Assembly elections participate in the rally.
“We have asked all the leaders from western Maharashtra as well as the city and district to be present for the programme and moreover, there will even be booth level workers present for the programme,’’ said Dekhne about the function. The first list is to be announced on September 25 ahead of Modi leaving to address the United Nations General Assembly.
Shah is to be in the state for a three-day tour which will commence with his attendance at the rally in Chaundi in Ahmednagar — the native district of Ahilyabai Holkar after which he will be attending the Pune programme and then proceed to Amravati. The party has sent out a request to conduct a programme according to continued…

Wag tag: Now an identification tag forcaninesDogSpot, a portal for pet lovers, has announced the launch of wag tag, an identification tag for canines. (Source: Thinkstock Images)
Indo-Asian News Service | Posted: September 17, 2014 11:04 am | Updated: September 17, 2014 11:06 am
DogSpot, a portal for pet lovers, has announced the launch of wag tag, an identification tag for canines.
The tag comes embossed with a unique identification code or WAG ID that is linked to a particular pet profile.
Once it has been purchased, customers need to register and create a profile of their pet on the portal to ensure activation. These profiles contain important information like pet’s name or any specific needs or preferences of the pet.
“Despite our utmost care, our pets go out when they are not supposed to. We have studied the market extensively and created wag tag to overcome the existing challenges regular dog tags.
“For example, unlike regular tags, we do not have personal details of the customer on the wag tag, which minimises the risk of fraudulent calls.
“This also helps to add multiple numbers using the same tag and if you change the numbers, there is no need of a new pet tag. In addition, a 24×7 wag tag helpline number is provided on the tag to ensure that no call gets unanswered,” Rana Atheya, CEO, DogSpot.in, said in a statement.
DogSpot is also working on collaborations with pet rescue groups and NGO.
“This new innovative tag will be extremely helpful for dog shelters. Every dog can have an identification number which will have important information about the dog. Whenever the dog is adopted, the tag can get transferred to the new parent at the time of adoption,” said Atheya.
Customers can purchase it for Rs.300 from the portal. As an introductory offer, it is currently sold at Rs.125.

Road widening poses survival threat to citys premier cooperativeinstitutePrint
Written by Prasad Joshi | Pune | Posted: September 17, 2014 10:56 am
The existence of Vaikunthlal Mehta National Institute of Cooperative Management (VAMNICOM) has come under “threat” with the apex management training institute, hailed as an intellectual nerve centre for the cooperative movement for the last 50 years, set to lose around two-third of its 15-acre campus to a proposed project of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC).
The civic body project aims to widen the road in front of the institute. The employees, students and staffers residing on the campus have strongly opposed the move, which is being planned as per the draft Development Plan (DP) of the civic body.
Sanjeeb Patjoshi, Director, VAMNICOM, said the proposal to widen the road up to 30 metres inside the campus would erase around half-a-dozen buildings, including the administrative block, an auditorium, a guesthouse, faculty quarters and the boys’ hostel.
“Besides, we could lose our official recognition by the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) as our campus dimensions would be reduced to less than what is stipulated by the regulatory body. The institute has been serving as the training institute for Indian and foreign students besides catering to training needs of a large number of in-service employees. Students along with staffers residing on the campus and other stakeholders will be in for an irrevocable shock if the road-widening takes place,” he said.
VAMNICOM, which is a grant-in-aid institution under the aegis of the Union Ministry of Agriculture, has an intake capacity of as many as 500 students besides a staff of 150.
“After widening, the road will become public and paralyse the campus life. It will risk the safety of staffers and their children residing on the campus due to the possible heavy flow of traffic. Besides, the project would involve cutting of around 300 trees and destruction of a hill on the campus, causing a major damage to the local fragile ecology. All this devastation will take place despite our campus and its facilities being built with the permission of the civic body,” said Tushar Mirajkar, academic associate with VAMNICOM.
VAMNICOM staffers and students claimed that the proposal to widen the roughly 2-km stretch between Gate No 1 and Gate No 6 would not reduce traffic congestion on the Ganeshkhind Road, but add to it.
Patjoshi said the institute had raised an objection to the proposed project with the civic body and presented its say during the hearings on the draft DP recently. “Despite our objection, the civic body is likely to go ahead with its plans. One of its senior officials recently visited our campus and placed a formal demand for handing over the land,” he said, adding that the Ministry of Agriculture was regularly updated on the developments.
Prashant Waghmare, City Engineer, PMC, said the planning committee constituted to look into the draft DP would take a call on the objection raised by the institute. “The planning committee will submit its report on the draft DP hearings to the PMC’s general body before forwarding it to the state government,” he said.
The PMC authorities said after widening, the road continued…

My life has changed with parenthood: HilaryDuffPress Trust of India | London | Posted: September 17, 2014 10:55 am
Hilary Duff admits she cannot really remember life without her two-year-old son Luca. The ‘Chasing the Sun’ singer credits her son with estranged husband Mike Comrie for completely changing her priorities and outlook on life, reported Contactmusic.
‘I feel like I don’t even remember who I was before I had him. He’s taught me about patience, which I didn’t have before. Being in this business since I was 12, I constantly was busy and on the go.
“I think having him has helped center me and calm me down and make me realise that the little things are important,” she said. And the 26-year-old beauty believes parenthood has made her a more confident person.
“I’ve gotten a lot more confidence as a woman as a whole, not just as a mother. In my work and in my everyday life – I think there’s a confidence that comes with motherhood.”

Indian rupee gains 9 paise against US dollar in earlytradePress Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: September 17, 2014 10:51 am
The rupee appreciated by nine paise to 60.96 against the US dollar in early trade today at the Interbank Foreign Exchange on increased selling of the American currency by exporters and banks.
Besides, the dollar’s weakness against other currencies overseas and a higher opening in the domestic equity market supported the rupee, forex dealers said.
The rupee had recovered from one-month low to end with a modest gain of eight paise at 61.05 against the Greenback in yesterday’s trade on fresh dollar selling by exporters.
Meanwhile, the benchmark BSE Sensex rose by 127.37 points, or 0.48 per cent, to 26,619.88 in early trade today.
 

7 stocks that returned upto 381% | Markets @ 11: top 12 stock betsYou are here: Home > Collections > Companies
FMCG, pharma back in demand as large MFs lap up stocks in August
Nikhil Walavalkar & Rajesh Naidu, ET Bureau Sep 17, 2014, 11.43AM IST
Tags:
August portfolio
(In the past nine months,…)
Mumbai: A sift through the August portfolio of mutual funds shows the return of FMCG and pharma stocks in new purchases. According to data provided by mutual fund tracking firm Value Research stocks such as Nestle , Dabur , Jyothy Laboratories and Aurobindo Pharma have emerged as new purchases by large fund houses such as Axis, Reliance and DSP BlackRock.
This can be attributed to the rally in cyclical companies, which are yet to show visible improvements in business fundamentals. "The first-quarter financial performance of Corporate India was disappointing," said Dipen Shah, head of private client group research at Kotak Securities. "Investors have realised that the rally in cyclical companies were driven more on sentiment rather than visible improvement in business fundamentals of companies."
In the past nine months, companies in cyclical sectors such as infrastructure, banks and capital goods generated high investor interest. This brought about a considerable rally in companies in these sectors.
For instance, the stock of construction company Sadbhav Engineering has jumped four times in the last one year to Rs 244. Due to this rally, experts point out that stocks in cyclical sectors have moved beyond their intrinsic values.
"Though investors have not sold off all their investments in cyclical stocks, there is some shift towards defensive stocks, which is a natural course of action for fund managers," said Kotak Securities' Shah.
Also, the valuation of pharmaceutical companies is one of the main reasons companies in the sector feature in the list of new purchases. "Valuations of pharmaceutical companies have been more attractive than most FMCG companies," said Niranjan Risbood, director of fund research at Morningstar India.
"Pharmaceuticals companies have been showing better sales and profits growth than FMCG. This justifies investments in pharmaceutical companies... Besides valuations, defensive stocks fall lesser than cyclicals, which have rallied considerably in the last nine months."
With regard to exits, fund houses have been bearish on metals and mining companies and in particular tyre companies. Fund houses such as Sundaram, SBI and IDFC have exited tyre manufacturing companies such as Apollo Tyres, Ceat and Goodyear India.
Besides this, fund houses have also sold metals and mining companies such as MOIL, Tata Metaliks, Tata Sponge Iron and Usha Martin. "The outlook on ore companies has been bearish since the time demand for ore and other metals reduced from China. This has impacted a large number of metal companies in India," said a fund manager with a leading brokerage on condition of anonymity. "Besides, these commodity companies have rallied significantly in the present bull run, presenting little scope for upside.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ramky Infra surges 18% on sale of 3 projectsRamky Infrastructure rallies 18% on sale of 3 highway projects to Pirmal Group
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 17, 2014, 09.37AM IST
Tags:
infrastructure
(Move signals that cash-rich…)
NEW DELHI: Ramky Infrastructure Ltd rallied as much as 17.8 per cent in trade on Wednesday after reports suggested that the Ajay Piramal group has emerged as the front runner to purchase three highway projects of Hyderabad-based Ramky Infrastructure.
The move signals that the cash-rich investors are keen on infusing life into the battered roads sector amid the Narendra Modi government's overall push to revive infrastructure as it looks to boost the economy, ET reported.
At 09:25 a.m.; Ramky Infrastructure was trading 14.7 per cent higher at Rs 62. It hit a low of Rs 58.25 and a high of Rs 63.70 in trade today.
Piramal Enterprises was trading 0.76 per cent higher at Rs 773. It hit a low of Rs 772.20 and a high of Rs 793.15 in trade today.
The Piramal group "has signed a nonbinding agreement to buy ownership of Ramky Eslamex Hyderabad Ring Road, Sehore Kosmi Tollways and NAM Expressway," said one of the persons cited above, ET reported.
The diversified business conglomerate plans to purchase a majority 51% stake and take management control with an investment horizon of more than six years as part of its strategy to acquire such projects that could see it becoming the country's biggest roads operator, added the report.
As per the ET report, the deal, which will help Ramky retire some of its Rs 2,700 crore debt, is likely to be finalised at a valuation of Rs 700-750 crore.
"Given the current fall in traffic flows and trimmed down traffic projections, Ramky Infrastructure expects a combined valuation of around Rs 720 crore for its equity investments in these three road assets as against some Rs 900 crore expected a few months back," ET reported quoting a senior executive with Ramky Infra.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Google goes beyond $100 mark for first three Android One devicesPrint
Head of Google's Android Sundar Pichai addressing a press conference in New Delhi. (Source: Express photo: Nandagopal Rajan)
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | New Delhi | Posted: September 15, 2014 1:39 pm | Updated: September 16, 2014 7:40 am
Google on Monday launched the first set of Android One smartphones aimed at emerging markets from India. Three Indian smartphone makers – Micromax, Karbonn and Spice – have launched one smartphone each powered by MediaTek processors. The devices will be priced Rs 6,399 onwards, a bit above the $100 price point that was promised initially.
ALSO READ: Google to start searching for Android One success from India 
Android One devices will feature mid-range specs including a 4.5-inch touchscreen, 1.3 GHz MediaTek processor and 4GB internal memory among other mid-range features. However, what will set these devices apart is their low data usage and access to free YouTube in a couple of weeks. Yes, users of these phones will be able to access YouTube without any data charge.
The phones will start selling today on Flipkart, Snapdeal and Amazon. Offline sales will start around Diwali. Google has also announced mobile experience zones that will go around the country soon.
The devices will be among the first get the Android L update and will have Google translate featuring Hindi to English. Sundar Pichai said India is just the template to learn and will soon be launching in other South Asian countries. Acer, Alcatel, Asus, HTC, Intex, Lava and Lenovo are joining the programmes along with Qualcomm, he added.
Pichai said this moment was similar to the launch of the first G1 phone, which kick started Android that has now grown to 1 billion users worldwide.

Morgan Stanley buys 26.7 lakh shares of PantaloonsMorgan Stanley buys 26.7 lakh shares of Pantaloons
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 15, 2014  | 22:34 IST
Foreign fund house Morgan Stanley Asia (Singapore) on Monday picked up nearly 26.7 lakh shares of clothing retail firm Pantaloons for a little over Rs 32 crore through the open market route.
A total of 26,68,655 shares of Pantaloons were acquired by Morgan Stanley at an average price of Rs 120.18 apiece, according to bulk deal information with the bourses.
In a separate transaction, Macquarie Bank has offloaded 16.12 lakh shares of Pantaloons for about Rs 19.17 crore.
Pantaloons for the quarter ended June 30 reported revenue of Rs 386 crore. At present, there are about 83 Pantaloons stores operational in the country.
In 2012, Aditya Birla Nuvo Ltd had entered into an agreement with the Future Group to infuse Rs 1,600 crore into Pantaloons and had acquired a majority stake in the store chain.
Shares of Pantaloons dipped 2.34 per cent to settle for the day at Rs 121.10 apiece on the BSE.

Gujarat bypolls: BJP surges ahead in Vadodara Lok Sabha seatKotak-ING Vysya deal a slap on foreign banks’ face
BJP had set an ambitious target of winning all the 10 by-elections seats in Gujarat as a birthday gift for Narendra Modi that falls on 17 September. Photo: AP
Ahmedabad: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has retained six of nine assembly seats and one Lok Sabha seat in Gujarat where by-elections were held recently.
The elections were seen as an electoral test for Prime Minister Narendra Modi ’s successor in Gujarat, Anandiben Patel , the first woman chief minister of the state.
Patel had campaigned in each of the constituencies where bypolls were held. While it was win some lose some for BJP in Gujarat, for Congress all did not seem to be lost in the state where it performed dismally in the general elections, failing to bag even a single seat.
BJP had set an ambitious target of winning all the 10 assembly seats in Gujarat that went to bypolls as a birthday gift for Modi that falls on 17 September. Modi landed in Gujarat on Tuesday where he is scheduled to welcome Chinese President Xi Jinping on 17 September.
The results are a setback for Patel and her party as they ceded three seats to the Congress party.
“Her performance as a chief minister has not seen any major departure from Modi’s policies. The BJP aura that was created by Modi is very slowly fading and this has been reflected in bypolls in other states like Uttar Pradesh and Rajasthan. Also the meticulous election planning for which Modi has been known was missing,” said Ghanshyam Shah, a political expert and a retired professor of Jawaharlal Nehru University, New Delhi.
BJP officials however refuted the claims. “One cannot say that “Modi wave” is waning. By-elections are fought on local factors and local issues and the prime minister or chief minister cannot be blamed for it,” said I.K. Jadeja, Gujarat BJP general secretary and party spokesperson.
The BJP won Vadodara, the Lok Sabha seat that Modi vacated when he opted to keep Varanasi in Uttar Pradesh as his Lok Sabha constituency. Hence, the party’s record win in Gujarat of 26-0 remains intact. For the Congress, it has been a kind of comeback after the dismal performance in the state elections in 2012 and in the national elections where it could not bag a single seat. In 2012 state elections, BJP had won 115 seats and Congress had bagged 61 seats of the total 182 seats in the state assembly. The Congress won Deesa, Mangrol and Khambalia assembly constituencies in the by-elections.
In an interview to The Times of India published on 7 September, Patel said that she was confident of winning all 10 seats and present it as a birthday gift to the visiting prime minister. BJP has also won the Maninagar constituency of Ahmedabad that Modi represented for many years as chief minister.
The chief minister is upset with the results and has asked senior party leaders in Gujarat to come up with a fact-finding report, said a BJP leader who did not want to be identified.

IIT may tweak top-20 percentile rulehrd minister
(The percentile criterion…)
NEW DELHI: The Indian Institutes of Technology (IITs) have proposed a change in admission criteria barely two years after the premier engineering schools adopted a new format at the behest of Kapil Sibal , then human resource development minister under the previous UPA government .
The IITs are in favour of tweaking the requirement that candidates have to be in the top 20 percentile in their Class XII exams in order to be eligible for admission, amid criticism that the condition is shutting many deserving candidates out. The Joint Admission Board (JAB) of the IITs — comprising heads of the institutions — met last week in Mumbai and proposed to accommodate such candidates who have been rejected despite cracking the entrance test. The proposal suggests according some weightage to a candidate's aggregate marks in board exams. ET spoke to two IIT directors who confirmed this on condition of anonymity.
The JAB proposal will be discussed at the meeting of the IIT Council — the highest decision-making body of the 16 engineering schools — on September 22, which will also be attended by Smriti Irani, Sibal's successor as HRD minister . If approved, though, the change won't be applied retrospectively. Currently, candidates are admitted to the 16 IITs based on their performance in the Joint Entrance Exam or JEE (Advanced) besides which they have to be in the top 20 percentile in Class XII.
The second condition has often been criticised for leading to a peculiar predicament that students of school boards that are more generous with marks find themselves facing. Students from Andhra Pradesh, Tamil Nadu and Kerala are usually regarded as the worst hit as the top 20 percentile cut-off for their state boards usually hovers around, or is above, 90 per cent. In 2013, which was the first year of the new eligibility criteria, an Andhra Pradesh student with 91.1 per cent could not get admission to the civil engineering course at IIT Bombay because the top 20 percentile cut-off mark for the state board exam was 91.8 per cent. According to an IIT director, about 240 aspirants could not gain entry into IIT this year despite securing an impressive all-India rank in JEE (Advanced) as they fell short of the percentile condition.
"Such candidates are small in number. They usually make up just 2.5 per cent of those who have cracked the entrance test. It's unfortunate that some cannot get in even though they have scored above 80 per cent in their board examination," an IIT director told ET on condition of anonymity. "We feel that there should be an additional criterion for such candidates. It could be a formula which gives weightage to both aggregate board marks and the top 20 percentile cut-off. We will only finalise it once the IIT Council takes a view on this proposal."
The percentile criterion was introduced in 2013 at the behest of Sibal so that students would pay greater attention to their performance in school, thus gaining an allround education rather than merely focusing on entrance exams. It was also targeted at the cram schools that thrive thanks to the relentless striving for acceptance at India's top institutes. There could be some opposition to the attempt to undo the earlier change.
"We understand that there could be some resistance to this move, if approved by the (IIT) Council," said another IIT director. "But we have discussed the issue threadbare, which is why we have proposed to introduce an additional or a sub-criterion which could be a combination of top 20 percentile condition and absolute marks scored in the board exams."
FEATURED ARTICLES

India missing in top 200 global varsity in the new QS rankingsIndia missing in top 200 global varsity in the new QS rankings
ET Bureau Sep 16, 2014, 04.43AM IST
Tags:
harvard
(IIT Delhi has been leader…)
MUMBAI: India still does not feature among the Top 200 world universities in the new QS rankings. Just like last year, the top-placed Indian institution is 222nd in the world, but this year the Indian Institute of Technology Bombay (IIT-B) has overtaken its counterpart in Delhi for the first time.
IIT Delhi has been the leader in India throughout the first 10 editions of the QS rankings, but has slipped to 235th this year, virtually exchanging positions in the table with IIT-B. IIT Bombay has moved up from 233rd to 222nd and IIT Delhi from 222nd to 235th. While IIT Bombay has done better in the 'Employer Survey' a component that accounts for 10 per cent weightage in the World Rankings, IIT Delhi's performance has dropped. This could also be read as IIT Bombay receiving a better score or more responses in the 'Employer Survey' than IIT Delhi.
Also, IIT Delhi's decline in the Citations Per Faculty Indicator, which accounts for 20 per cent weightage in the World Rankings, has been far greater than its peers. While in the regional rankings such as Asia and BRICS the emphasis is also on quantity of research papers published, the World Rankings only focuses on the quality of papers published by taking into account the citations, thereby making it more rigorous and globally competitive.
"It's time Indian universities embraced global rankings and put their best foot forward," says Dr Karthick Sridhar , vice chairman, Indian Centre for Assessment & Accreditation. With the increasing globalisation of higher education, Indian universities need to compete to attract the best intellectual students, as well as best qualified faculty from across the world, he says. Globally, students continue to use rankings as one of their decision making tools to choose their destinations. The prestige associated with higher ranks also drives universities to benchmark themselves globally, adds Dr Sridhar.
Parameters where Indian universities are weak in comparison to global peers are quantity and quality of research (as represented by number of papers and their citation counts) ; surveys of academic peers and employers (a representation of the perception of the quality of the university and 'outgoing' students); and internationalisation (as represented by number of international faculty and students). "These have to be addressed through reorientation of institutional priorities; focused deployment of human and financial resources; enhancement of global reputation and prestige through academic excellence and national higher education policy reforms," says Sridhar.
The number of Indian institutions in the World Rankings has grown to 12 from 11. "Indian institutions are engaging with ranking agencies more than ever before and this has started bearing fruit. There are more Indian universities in the QS rankings than any other international comparisons," a release said. The global rankings are, for the third year, led by MIT , which increased year-on-year citations per faculty by 14 per cent. Imperial College London (UK) also reported a 14 per cent increase in this metric compared to 11 per cent by The University of Cambridge (UK) and 2 per cent by Harvard . Caltech remains the world's top university for research citations.
A total of 31 countries are represented in the Top 200. The US remains the dominant nation with 51 institutions, 11 of which are in the Top 20. The US dominates also for research impact with seven of the 10 top spots in the citations per faculty indicator.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rankings are artificial; universities shouldnt be obsessed with themYou are here: Home > Collections > India
Rankings are artificial; universities shouldn’t be obsessed with them, says Professor Andrew Hamilton, VC, Oxford University
Anumeha Chaturvedi, ET Bureau Sep 16, 2014, 12.48PM IST
Tags:
global rankings
(Prof Andrew Hamilton speaks…)
The oldest university in the English speaking world isn't afraid of change. It's actively pursuing tie-ups and committing to excellence, says Professor Andrew Hamilton , vice chancellor of Oxford University. On the sidelines of Oxford's first lecture delivered in India, he spoke to ET's Anumeha Chaturvedi about nurturing tie-ups between Oxford and India, how the 900-year old university is changing and how Indian institutions shouldn't bother too much about rankings.
What is the objective of your visit?
We are here to celebrate and bring attention to quite frankly, the many many links between Oxford University and India. These are links that stretch a long time. The first English person to come to India was Thomas Stevens from 1579. He was from Oxford. And the most important links in the 21st century have been the many research collaboratios, and the students who come and study in Oxford. Part of the purpose of my visit is to encourage other Indian students to think about Oxford as a destination for study.
Is the visit also about fostering new tie ups and agreements with Indian institutions?
Yes, we have more than 40 research collaborations going on. They cover the entire spectrum of academic education from medicine, science to humanities and linguistics and culture. There are many very specific collaborations like INDOX a collaboration between clinical researchers in Oxford and clinical researchers throughout India. One of the INDOX centres is at AIIMS. I had been there in my previous visit where researchers are trying to understand the origins of cancer, and developing new approaches of therapy. India has many unique cases of cancer. We are also celebrating our collaboration in healthcare through the first Oxford lecture in India today.
India has also had a change of government. How do you hope to further collaboration under the new government?
It's a new government. We have had good links with the ministries of science and bio technology and we are hoping to learn about priorities of the new government in education and research and to explore what role Oxford university might play.
There has been a concern in India about poor standing of Indian institutions in global rankings . How can institutions here improve their rankings going forward?
One thing we should do all do is not be too obsessed with rankings. University rankings are inventions of journalists. Oxford is 900 years old, Cambridge is over 800 years old. We do change but we change slowly. To some extent rankings are artificial. They often create the change by changing the methodology, and not what happens in the universities. And university rankings shouldn't distort what universities are doing but sometimes they do. There are many excellent Indian institutions in India like the IITs. We have collaboration with IISC Bangalore which is fantastic. How can they improve-in the same way that Oxford seeks to improve. By constantly committing to excellence, in recruitment of students, faculty in the research that we do. We are constantly seeking to do new things. For instance, despite having taught the likes of Margaret Thatcher, Indira Gandhi and Manmohan Singh, we have never had a school of government at the graduate level that teaches public policy. Two years ago, we started one because we thought it was important for students to study government issues in the 21st century. So we are constantly doing new things and investing in new opportunities. New teaching and research is the way to maintain and improve one's position in the worldwide community of universities.
There's a rising interest among Indian applicants to study in the US. UK applicants seem to be going down as US is perceived to have a friendlier immigration system. What's your take on this?
We have been concerned about immigration policy changes. We have, like other institutions lobbied hard with our government for easing the immigration systems like not including student numbers in their overall immigration targets. Our university works hard to help students in visa applications. And for those who want to work hard after studying there. The government has its policies that it believes it was elected to put in place just like Mr Modi would have some. For us it's about trying to ease the burden. Many Indian students target universities like MIT and Stanford for science and medicine, but Oxford is a powerhouse in science and medicine. We are old and we are proud of our history but we are also a very modern university. We are governed by a federal system, but over the past five years, there's been a greater extent of collaboration and working together between colleges and the university.
FEATURED ARTICLES

How Mytaxiindia.com is making life easier for travellersAnshuman Mihir
(With the Rs. 7 crore Mytaxiindia.com,…)
A team player, Anshuman Mihir had the ability to bond strongly with people due to better understanding and professional ethics. This, coupled with his penchant for challenges, made him a favourite with his employer, Voyages India, a Delhibased B2B travel company. So, when he decided to start out on his own, it volunteered to fund his dream project. "An on-the-job entrepreneurial opportunity is rare, but I feel I was lucky," says the 30-year-old founder of the Delhi-based Mytaxiindia.com , a car rental and leasing portal that clocked a turnover of Rs. 7 crore in 2013-14.
After completing his BCA and MBA in marketing and finance in 2009, Mihir took up his first job with Voyages India as product head in August 2010. "In November 2010, we got a contract to organise a seven-day conference in Hyderabad. We booked flights and hotels , but found it extremely difficult to book the 122 cabs required for the event. We called almost every big transporter in the city, but no one could provide us with so many cars for seven days. Finally, after a series of phone calls, we managed to rope in people at the last moment. It was frustrating, but it was also the Eureka moment for me," he says.
The Indian car rental market was estimated to be around Rs. 55,000 crore, of which only 4-6 per cent was organised. Mihir's plan was to bring the unorganised local agencies and individuals under one roof and set up a car rental portal with pan-India presence. The promoters of Voyages India were quick to recognize the prospects of the business and offered Rs. 20 lakh to set up the website and logistics for the company. "There was no looking back. I started travelling and networking with taxi owners in major cities and smaller towns, and started tapping corporates who could use my services," he says. Within five months, the site was up and so was his fleet of hired cars.
As Mihir started meeting people, he realised that there was one problem common to most travellers, be it corporate executives on a business trip or those on an outing with family and friends—they faced problems while booking cabs. It was not so with other modes of travel. IRCTC was synonymous with train bookings, while a few other private portals had succeeded in promoting themselves as a one-stop shop for flight and bus bookings. "Likewise, I wanted Mytaxiindia to become the first choice for anyone who needed a taxi, and to have presence in the remotest corners of India," says Mihir.
Within six months of the launch on 25 March 2011 at Karol Bagh, Delhi, Mytaxiindia clocked a turnover of Rs. 28 lakh and went on to post Rs. 1 crore as revenue in 2011-12. The site comes with a complete rental solution, be it city tours, outstation visits or holidays. "We also give cars on lease," he says. Mihir feels he needs to focus on the services offered by his partners in tire 2 and tier 3 cities. He plans to expand his cab service to overseas locations as well. "Five years from now, we will have taxi outlets at all Indian airports and 300-plus railway stations. We also plan to start operations in Europe with a target of reaching 12.5 million customers worldwide," he adds.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Why venture capitalists are flocking Zerodha todayYou are here: Home > Collections > Brokerage
Why venture capitalists are flocking Zerodha today
Nishanth Vasudevan, ET Bureau Sep 16, 2014, 05.16AM IST
Tags:
Zerodha
(Zerodha employs 120 executives…)
The year was 2009. Nithin Kamath, a 29-year-old stock trader, was badly in need of funds to roll out a business idea: an internet broking platform that offered significantly lower brokerage rates than the industry.
The venture capital funds he approached were dismissive. The idea wasn't novel, they said, and the market, after its meltdown in 2008, was a hard place for even the big names. Undeterred, Kamath went ahead, using his savings.
A Singapore-based friend pitched in. Kamath named the firm Zerodha, derived from the English word 'zero' and the Sanskrit word 'Rodha', which means barriers.
In 2014, it's VCs that want Kamath on the negotiating table. Zerodha posted revenues of Rs 37 crore in 2013-14, almost double from the previous year. Its 42,000 clients do Rs 4,500-5,000 crore worth of trades daily through it.
At the upper end, that's a share of about 1.7 per cent of trading volumes on the National Stock Exchange, of which Zerodha is a member.
Zerodha is a prized property for investors seeking winners in the internet space. But they might have missed their chance, for now. "VCs did not understand my business model at that time," says Kamath. "Now, after seeing the results, they are coming back. But I do not need the cash now."
Learning From Experience
Kamath's success lay in recognising the large section of active day-traders whose profits were being squeezed by brokerage charges in a difficult market and tailoring a cheaper product for them.
He picked up a concept discarded by leading local broking firms: flat-fee brokerage. Instead of variable brokerage, pegged to the transaction size, a small, fixed amount is charged.
It works alongside the practice of allowing traders to execute trades online, as opposed to calling up a broker. It's hugely popular in the US, where online brokers are referred to as 'discount brokers' and the concept as 'discount brokerage'.
Kamath had observed this product closely during his stint as sub-broker with Reliance Money, which launched such a product in 2007 but subsequently scrapped it due to falling volumes.
In August 2010, after about a year of preparation, Zerodha launched as a flat-fee broker: Rs 20 per transaction, irrespective of its size, for trades executed online. This worked out way cheaper for traders, especially those who dealt in options and who traded in larger quantities.
For instance, buying one lot of Nifty options would draw a brokerage of Rs 100 at most broking firms. Thus, if a trader bought 10 lots, the brokerage would be Rs 1,000. At Zerodha, if the same was done online and via one transaction, the trader would pay only Rs 20.
"The effort needed of a broker to put in an order worth Rs 1 lakh or Rs 10 lakh is the same," says Kamath. "Then, why should brokers charge more for bigger orders?"
It was the trader in him speaking. Kamath started trading at the age of 16. After completing his studies, Kamath, whose father worked with Canara Bank, wanted to take up stock trading as a profession, but lack of capital led him to work with a call centre for three years.
"I was not from a very privileged background," he says. "I used to trade in the day and work with the call centre at night." Soon, Kamath started managing money for some high net worth clients before becoming a subbroker with Reliance Money in 2006. In 2008, he returned his 40-odd clients their deposits after deciding to take the plunge in the broking business.
Media Mention
Despite a capital crunch, Kamath derived confidence from NSE's NOW platform, which offered Internet-based services to its members. "For brokers, the biggest cost is technology," says Kamath. "NSE NOW helped me sort out the technology part. Nobody had realised the potential of NSE NOW, which is much faster than most other platforms."
NSE also waived its membership fee of Rs 5 lakh. Yet, the going was far from smooth for Zerodha in its early days. "Nobody wanted to trade with an unknown entity despite cheaper brokerage," says Kamath.
A listless market did not help, with investors shifting from equity to debt or leaving the market. Till February 2014, trading volumes were down 30 per cent-40 per cent over 2009 levels.
This was an issue as a business built around predatory pricing needs higher volumes. Six months and about 15,000 cold calls later, Zerodha had only 1,000 clients.
According to Kamath, the break for Zerodha came in September 2011, with a one-line mention of the company in an ET story. "It was a critical push that came at the right time because we were struggling with perception issues," he says. "After that, investors were more open to us." Today, about 30,000 of its 42,000 clients trade with Zerodha once in two weeks, claims Kamath.

Iran won t shake Americas  dirty hands  in fight against the Islamic StateIran's supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khameini.
Reuters | Paris | Posted: September 16, 2014 11:41 am | Updated: September 16, 2014 12:03 pm
Iran’s supreme leader on Monday said he had personally rejected an offer from the United States for talks to fight ISIS, an apparent blow to Washington’s efforts to build a military coalition to fight militants in both Iraq and Syria.
READ: US warplanes bomb ISIS targets in Iraq for the first time
“I saw no point in cooperating with a country whose hands are dirty and intentions murky,” Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said in quotes carried on state news agency IRNA. He accused Washington of “lying” by saying it had excluded Iran from its coalition, saying it was Iran that had refused to participate.
ALSO READ: Iraq wins pledge of military support against Islamic State militants
World powers meeting in Paris on Monday gave public backing to military action to fight ISIS fighters in Iraq. France sent jets on a reconnaissance mission to Iraq, a step towards becoming the first ally to join the US-led air campaign there.
But Iran, principal ally of ISIS’s main foes in both Iraq and Syria, was not invited to the Paris meeting. The countries that did attend — while supporting action in Iraq — made no mention at all of Syria. Washington has been trying to build a coalition to fight Islamic State since last week when President Barack Obama pledged to destroy the militant group on both sides of the Iraqi-Syrian border.
That means plunging into two civil wars in which nearly every country in the Middle East already has a stake. And it also puts Washington on the same side as Tehran, its bitter enemy since the Islamic revolution of 1979. In a rare direct intervention into diplomacy, Iran’s supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, said Washington had reached out through the Iranian embassy in Baghdad, requesting a meeting to discuss cooperation against Islamic State. Khamenei said some Iranian officials had welcomed the contacts, but he had personally vetoed them.
US Secretary of State John Kerry said Washington was “not cooperating with Iran”, but declined to be drawn on whether it had reached out through its embassy for talks. “I am not going to get into a back and forth,” he said. ISIS fighters set off alarms across the Middle East since June when they swept across northern Iraq, seizing cities, slaughtering prisoners, proclaiming a caliphate to rule over all Muslims and ordering non-Sunnis to convert or die.
French officials said they had hoped to invite Iran but Arab countries had blocked the move. “We wanted a consensus among countries over Iran’s attendance, but in the end it was more important to have certain Arab states than Iran,” a French diplomat said.
Calling the decision regrettable, Iraq’s Foreign Minister Ibrahim al-Jaafari said Baghdad had wanted Iran to attend. Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius said French aircraft would begin the reconnaissance flights over Iraq. “The throat-slitters of Daesh – that’s what I’m calling them – tell the continued…

Shah Rukh  Deepika  Abhishek launch Happy New Year music with Farah Khanentertainment
Shah Rukh Khan in Houston with Deepika, Abhishek and ‘Happy New Year’ gang
SLAM! The Tour artists including superstar Shah Rukh Khan, Deepika Padukone, Farah Khan, Abhishek Bachchan, Boman Irani, Yo Yo Honey Singh, Vivaan Shah and Sonu Sood created a frenzy as they landed in Houston on Wednesday.
Boman, Sonu, Farah and Vivaan pose while on board.
Boman Irani gives a wink to his fans.
The audio launch of Farah Khan's upcoming film ‘Happy New Year’ saw the entire cast along with the rest of the team. Vishal Dadlani, Bhushan Kumar, Vivaan Shah, Sunidhi Chauhan, Irshad Kamil, Boman Irani, Shah Rukh Khan, Deepika Padukone, Farah Khan, Abhishek Bachchan, Shekhar Ravjiani, Neeti Mohan and Sonu Sood unveiled the film's music with much gusto at the grand event on Monday (September 15). (Source: Express Photo by Prakash Yeram)
Shah Rukh Khan drove the crowd in a frenzy as he made his entrance on stage. (Source: Express Photo by Prakash Yeram)
Abhishek Bachchan, who plays the role of Nandu Bhide in the film, looks all set to entertain. (Source: Express Photo by Prakash Yeram)
Deepika Padukone had all eyes on her as she arrived on stage in a stunning Sabyasachi lace sari. Seen here, the actress beams with a white rose in her hand, which was given to her by a magician at the launch. (Source: Express Photo by Prakash Yeram)
The ‘Happy New Year’ hunks Shah Rukh Khan, Sonu Sood and Abhishek Bachchan surely made the ladies go weak in the knees. (Source: Express Photo by Prakash Yeram)
Shah Rukh Khan and Sonu Sood get the party started onstage. (Source: Express Photo by Prakash Yeram)
Shah Rukh Khan, who will be seen playing the role of Charlie in the film, couldn't stop smiling. (Source: Express Photo by Prakash Yeram)
Shah Rukh Khan and Farah Khan seem to be engrossed in discussion, as the others look on. (Source: Express Photo by Prakash Yeram)
Shah Rukh Khan has credited Farah Khan for his rippling eight-pack abs in ‘Happy New Year’. (Source: Express Photo by Prakash Yeram)
Abhishek Bachchan gives his director Farah Khan a piggyback ride. (Source: Express Photo by Prakash Yeram)
Deepika gives Farah a peck on her cheek while they pose for a group picture along with Vishal Dadlani, Bhushan Kumar, Vivaan Shah, Sunidhi Chauhan, Irshad Kamil, Boman Irani, Shah Rukh Khan, Shekhar Rajviani, Abhishek Bachchan and Sonu Sood. (Source: Express Photo by Prakash Yeram)
Always the prankster, Abhishek has Deepika in splits. (Source: Express Photo by Prakash Yeram)
The 'losers' of Happy New Year – Abhishek Bachchan, Deepika Padukone, Shah Rukh Khan and Vivaan Shah strike a pose for the cameras. (Source: Express Photo by Prakash Yeram)
The ‘Happy New Year’ cast  - Abhishek Bachchan, Shah Rukh Khan, Sonu Sood, Boman Irani and Deepika Padukone show off their moves at the music launch. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Farah Khan also taught Deepika Padukone the famous 'Munni Badnam' step. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Deepika makes sure her onscreen love Shah Rukh Khan looks perfect at all times. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
‘Om Shanti Om’, ‘Chennai Express’ and now ‘Happy New Year! Shah Rukh Khan and Deepika Padukone look absolutely lovely together as they pose for the cameras. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
The youngest actor in ‘Happy New Year’, Vivaan Shah seems a bit skeptical in this one. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Dressed in black, the boys – Boman Irani, Shah Rukh Khan, Abhishek Bachchan, Sonu Sood and Vivaan Shah look dashing, while the leading lady Deepika Padukone takes out breath away as the ‘Happy New Year’ team pose onstage. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Related

Typhoon Kalmaegi lashes Hong Kong with strong winds  rain; approaches China s Hainan IslandPress Trust of India | Hong Kong | Posted: September 16, 2014 1:07 pm
Hong Kong was shuttered on Tuesday as a powerful typhoon swept past the city, bringing strong winds and rain that caused flight disruptions and forced the closure of the stock market and container ports.
Typhoon Kalmaegi, packing gusts of 125 kilometres (77 miles) per hour, was centred 400 kilometres southwest of Hong Kong as it barrelled towards the northern tip of China’s Hainan island. “Although the tropical cyclone is moving away from Hong Kong, gales are expected to persist for some time,” the Hong Kong Observatory said on its website.
The Observatory hoisted the number-eight tropical cyclone warning yesterday evening and said it would remain in place until late morning today, triggering the closure of schools and businesses in the city. At Hong Kong’s airport, over 500 flights were delayed while nearly 40 were cancelled, a government statement said.
It said that there were 44 reports of fallen trees and that some parts of the city were flooded, but there were no reports of landslides. The Hong Kong stock exchange cancelled its morning trading session and said it would remain closed for the day if the number-eight warning – the third in a five-tier warning system – was still in force by noon.
Typhoon Kalmaegi swept out of the Philippines yesterday after causing chest-deep floods in some rural areas but leaving the storm-prone country largely unscathed. Six people were killed after a passenger ferry sank in the central Philippines on Saturday amid rough weather as the storm approached, the navy said.
Hong Kong was buffeted by two typhoons last year. In August 2013 helicopter teams saved all 21 crew from a cargo ship that sank as Severe Typhoon Utor passed within 240 kilometres of the city, generating waves of up to 15 metres (50 feet). And in September Typhoon Usagi – the year’s most powerful storm – caused transport chaos in the city before crashing ashore in southern China.

Uttar Pradesh bypolls: Samajwadi Party leading in nine seatsKotak-ING Vysya deal a slap on foreign banks’ face
In the last assembly election, BJP had won all these assembly seats and union ministers Kalraj Mishra and Uma Bharti were elected as MLAs. Photo: Reuters
Lucknow: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) on Tuesday ceded ground to the Samajwadi Party (SP), which won seven of the 11 assembly seats in Uttar Pradesh and was leading in another, while the saffron party bagged one seat in the bypolls. While SP won Bijnor, Thakurdwara, Nighasan, Hamirpur, Charkhari, Sirathu, Balha, BJP won Saharanpur (city seat), an official spokesman said.
In the last assembly election, BJP had won all these assembly seats and union ministers Kalraj Mishra and Uma Bharti were elected as MLAs. The saffron party was leading in Noida and Lucknow east, whereas its ally, Apna Dal was trailing behind SP candidate in Rohania assembly seat in Varanasi.
SP supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav ’s grand nephew Tej Pratap was leading over his nearest rival BJP’s Prem Singh Shakya in Mainpuri Lok Sabha.
The assembly seats where bypolls were held include Saharanpur city, Bijnor, Thakurdwara, Noida, Nighasan Lucknow east, Hamirpur, Charkhari, Sirathu, Balha and Rohania, as also in Mainpuri Lok Sabha seat which was vacated by SP supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav. In Lucknow, former BJP MP Lalji Tandon’s son Ashutosh Tandon is leading.
While the Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) did not contest the bypoll, Congress and SP fielded candidates on all 11 assembly seats, whereas BJP contested on 10 and its ally Apna Dal on one.
Stakes are high for BJP, Congress, Samajwadi Party in Uttar Pradesh after the saffron party’s near-total sweep of the 80 seats in Lok Sabha polls just four months ago.

UN says USD 1.0 billion needed to fight EbolaPrint
Agence-France Presse | Geneva | Posted: September 16, 2014 7:44 pm | Updated: September 16, 2014 7:49 pm
Nearly USD 1.0 billion dollars is needed to fight the Ebola outbreak raging in west Africa, the United Nations said today, more than doubling the estimate it made less than a month ago.
UN humanitarian chief Valerie Amos told reporters in Geneva there was a “huge funding challenge”, warning that “if not dealt with effectively now, Ebola could become a major humanitarian crisis in countries currently affected.”
The response to the crisis will require USD 987.8 million (763 million euros), with about half needed for the worst-hit country, Liberia, the UN said in its response plan.
It stressed there were some 22 million people living in the three countries most affected by the outbreak.
The UN announcement came as the death toll from the worst-ever Ebola epidemic rose to 2,461, out of 4,985 cases in the three west African countries that have borne the brunt of the disease, according to fresh figures from the World Health Organization.
The UN document estimates that some 20,000 people could be infected with Ebola by the end of the year, with Guinea accounting for 16 percent of infections, Sierra Leone 34 percent and Liberia a full 40 percent.
If the international community and affected countries respond swiftly and energetically, transmission should begin to slow by the end of the year and end by mid-2015, the document said.
“This health crisis we face is unparallelled in modern times,” WHO’s emergency chief Bruce Aylward said at a joint press conference.
“We don’t know where the numbers are going,” he said, pointing out that two weeks ago when WHO said it needed the capacity to manage 20,000 cases, “that seemed like a lot.”
“That does not seem like a lot today,” Aylward said.
While it was difficult to estimate accurately how many people might become infected and die going forward, Aylward said WHO believed “the numbers can be kept in the tens of thousands, but that is going to require a much faster escalation of the response if we’re to beat the escalation of the virus.”

Mourinho insists Chelsea to qualify for next stage of Champions LeagueMourinho is bidding to become the first manager to win the Champions League with three different clubs. (Source: AP)
Reuters | London | Posted: September 16, 2014 9:07 pm | Updated: September 16, 2014 9:08 pm
Jose Mourinho insists his Chelsea side must do “everything” they can to qualify for the next stage of the Champions League and avoid the chance of dropping down into the Europa League.
Speaking ahead of Chelsea’s opening Group G match against Schalke 04 at Stamford Bridge on Wednesday, the Chelsea manager said it would be detrimental to his players’ development should the team have to compete in the second-tier competition.
Teams finishing third in the Champions League group stage go into the Europa League, joining the competition in the knockout phase.
Mourinho is bidding to become the first manager to win the Champions League with three different clubs but he is only concentrating on the six group games to ensure his team finish in the top two and progress to the round of 16.
“The competition is part of my history and I’m part of the tournament’s history. To win with three clubs would be unique,” Mourinho, who won the competition when in charge at Porto and Inter Milan, told a news conference on Tuesday.
“Do I want to try to win again? Of course I want to. I have many years ahead of me. But in this moment I only think: don’t play Europa League.
“It would be very bad for the evolution of our players to go to Europa League. We have to qualify. We have to do everything to qualify.”
Chelsea have started the season in emphatic fashion, winning their opening four league games with a mixture of power and panache.
In stark contrast Schalke have endured a winless start in the Bundesliga, languishing near the foot of the table having taken just one point from their first three matches.
Mourinho, however, said league form will not matter and Chelsea will be wary of their opponents despite beating them 3-0 home and away at the same stage of the competition last season.
“They drew against Bayern Munich, obviously they lost their last match 4-1 but I don’t see that as a drama or having a consequence in the Champions League,” Mourinho said.
“I don’t see a relation between the fact they lost the last match. Probably it will make them stronger. Probably they can discuss the mistakes they made, they can try to have a different approach to be a better team and a difficult opponent.
“In this moment it is a short competition of four teams for us, six matches. Everything is different,” he said of the group which also contains Slovenian champions NK Maribor and Portuguese club Sporting Lisbon.
Mourinho will have a full-strength squad to pick from because striker Didier Drogba has recovered from the ankle injury which forced him to miss Saturday’s 4-2 win over Swansea City in the Premier League.
Chelsea have started the season in emphatic fashion, winning their opening four league games

Limited overs cricket is about aggression  our players need that approachPress Trust of India | Karachi | Posted: September 16, 2014 10:00 pm
Soon after being re-appointed as Pakistan Twenty20 captain , flamboyant all-rounder Shahid Afridi urged his players to shed of any “fear” of losing and play their “natural” game.
In his first message after being given the responsibility by the Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) till the 2016 World T20, Afridi, who has played 381 ODIs and 74 T20 internationals, told reporters here that he was up for the challenge.
“But the main message I want to convey to the players is that they need to shed their fear of defeat and failure and play their natural game. Limited overs cricket is about aggression and our players need to take that approach,” he said.
“T20 cricket is for courageous players and I am confident we have talent in the team which just needs to be encouraged and spurred on,” he said.
Afridi, 34, who captained Pakistan in ODIs and T20 matches in 2010 and 2011 before being removed by the board said he was delighted to get back the responsibility.
“I don’t want to go into details or rake up the past. But what happened than everyone knows and everybody knows what my performance as captain and player was,” he added.
Afridi said he had however now moved on and started a new innings.
Afridi’s sacking came after he had a fallout with Waqar Younis who was serving his first term as head coach.
They clashed twice on a tour to the West Indies on selection issues and this led to manager, Intikhab Alam submitting a damning report about Afridi and his disciplinary issues to the board which promptly sacked him and handed over the ODI and T20 captaincy as well to Misbah who was already leading the Test side.
Afridi said he had now gotten over his problems with Waqar who is back as head coach.
“I was happy to see Waqar bhai a changed person on the recent tour to Sri Lanka. The management was very supportive and I think we can now work well together for Pakistan cricket,” he added.
The allrounder also promised to build a fighting unit for the World T20 in 2016.
“I know how important it is for me to perform as well and I will be focusing a lot on my bowling and batting as well,” he stated.
I want to convey to the players that they need to shed their fear of defeat

CLT20: Knights beat  knockout Mumbai; Lahore make cutKane Willaimson and Devcich provided the platform to chased down Mumbai's 132 by adding 83 runs for the first wicket. (Source: BCCI)
Press Trust of India | Raipur | Posted: September 16, 2014 6:58 pm | Updated: September 17, 2014 1:11 am
Relive the action!
LIVE SCORECARD: MI vs NK
BALL BY BALL COMMENTARY
Defending champions Mumbai Indians paid the price for their indifferent show, crashing out of the Champions League T20 as a committed Northern Knights from New Zealand overpowered them with a one-sided six-wicket victory in the final qualifying round match, on Tuesday.
Apart from Northern, the other team that qualified for the main round was Pakistan’s Lahore Lions, who won two of their three matches while MI had the ignominy of being the first ever defending champions in six editions, who were ousted in the preliminary round. Lions incidentally are first team from Pakistan to qualify for CLT20 main round.
After being out into bat, Mumbai Indians scored a below par 132 for nine in 20 overs with none of their batsmen scoring big on a pitch that aided medium pacers. Tim Southee and Scott Styris took three wickets apiece.
In reply, Kane Williamson (53 off 36 balls) presented copybook technique with calculated assault as an opening partnership of 83 with left-hander Anton Devcich sealed the issue for the ‘Pink Panthers’ in only 17.2 overs.
Devcich, on his part, scored 39 as batting became easier during second half with dew factor coming into play.
It was a treat to watch Williamson’s batting. Dubbed as a player for longer versions, the young Black Caps batsman showed the virtue of proper technique as he repeatedly danced charged down the track to spinners reaching to the pitch of the deliveries while playing the lofted shot.
Yet his second 50 in the tournament came off 32 balls as he reached the landmark with a straight six and a four off Harbhajan Singh’s bowling.
In all, Williamson, hit seven boundaries and a six before his uppish drive of Jasprit Bumrah delivery was taken by Pollard at short cover.
BJ Watling was out when Harbhajan plucked a catch out off thin air off Bumrah’s bowling but by then Northern were well on course to reach the target.
Earlier, Mumbai Indians batting floundered, yet again as the high-profile franchise could manage only 132 for nine in their ‘do-or-die’ final qualifying game after being put into bat by Northern skipper Daniel Flynn.
Save skipper Kieron Pollard, who scored 31 off 24 balls, none of the Mumbai Indians batsmen displayed enough firepower against a disciplined Northern bowling attack which used the sluggish pitch to good effect.
It was young Shreyas Gopal, who smashed 24 off 12 balls, who took MI past 130-run mark.
While 39-year-old Styris (3/21) had the best figures among the bowlers, it was Southee (3/24), who was both deadly and economical in his first three overs before Gopal took him apart in the final over of the innings.
At the start, Mike Hussey (7) got impatient as he tried to give Southee the charge in the fourth over of the innings but couldn’t get the continued…

CLT20: Defending champ Mumbai Indians bow out  Lahore Lions throughsports
CLT20: Defending champ Mumbai Indians bow out, Lahore Lions through
In the last qualifier of the CLT20 2014, Mumbai Indians played Northern Knights. The New Zealand side won the toss and decided to bowl first. Their bowlers proved the decision right by Reducing Mumbai to 46/5 in 11 overs. (Source: BCCI)
Trent Boult, Tim Southee and Scott Styris were the real destroyers with Styris and Southee claiming three wickets apiece while Boult scalped one. Each of the three bowlers had an economy rate less than six runs per (Source: BCCI)
Mumbai Indians skipper Kieron Pollard the lone hand with the bat with a 24-ball 31. None of the other top-order batsmen could not even cross the 20-run mark. (Source: BCCI)
Lasith Malinga used the long handle to a great effect to get some valuable runs for his team in the slog overs. His eight-ball 20 gave Mumbai the much needed push in the end. (Source: BCCI)
But it was Shreyas Gopal's 12-ball 24 that tool Mumbai score to 132/9 in their 20 overs. (Source: BCCI)
Anton Devcich and Kane Williamson began the Northern Knights' innings with a bang and brought up the 50-run partnership in just the seventh over. Devcich was more aggressive of the two and played a 34-ball 39 run innings. (Source: BCCI)
Kane Williamson was more elegant of the two and played some classic drives and lofted shots. After Devcich's dismissal, Williamson took charge and scored his fifty. He finally got out for a well made 53. (Source: BCCI)
Mumbai bowlers did strike some wickets but it was too little too late. Knights defeated them by six wickets and sent them packing. Lahore Lions qualified for the main draw. (Source: BCCI)
Related

Yevtushenkov placed under house arrestRussian oligarch Yevtushenkov placed under house arrest
By Courtney Weaver in Moscow
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d901ac58-3dc5-11e4-b175-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The looking-glass world of Fed-watchers© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/708418f8-3db8-11e4-b175-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The Feds considerable problemAbout Gavyn
Blog guide
A blog on macroeconomics, economic policymaking and the financial markets. Gavyn usually writes about a key topic of the week on Sunday.
If you have yet to register on FT.com you will be asked to do so before you begin to read this blog. However, the posts remain free.
Follow @gavyndavies
Gavyn Davies is a macroeconomist who is now chairman of Fulcrum Asset Management and co-founder of Prisma Capital Partners. He was the head of the global economics department at Goldman Sachs from 1987-2001, and was chairman of the BBC from 2001-2004.
He has also served as an economic policy adviser in No 10 Downing Street, an external adviser to the British Treasury, and as a visiting professor at the London School of Economics.
Gavyn Davies is an active investor and may have financial interests and holdings in any of the topics about which he writes. The views expressed are solely those of Mr Davies and in no way reflect the views of Prisma Capital Partners LP, Fulcrum Asset Management LLP, their respective affiliates or representatives. This material is not intended to provide, and should not be relied upon for, investment advice or recommendations. Readers are urged to seek professional advice before making any investments.
All posts are published in UK time.
See the full list of FT blogs .

Land of the rising SonAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Cameron faces showdown over Scots vowsCameron faces showdown with Tory backbenchers over Scots pledges
By Elizabeth Rigby, Deputy Political Editor
©EPA
David Cameron is heading for a showdown with Tory backbenchers over the last-minute flurry of pledges he has made to the Scots to convince them to vote No in Thursday’s referendum.
Conservative MPs have been angered by his decision to overlay the promise of greater powers with a pledge to maintain a formula for allocating public spending that favours Scotland over England.
More
BoE probes money auction rigging fears
“This bloody deal, there has been no discussion in the parliamentary party, no warning, talk about panicked policy making on the hoof. Morale in the party is at rock bottom,” said one senior backbencher.
“The mess we are in now means a No vote is only just better than a Yes vote. A No vote is a disaster for the Conservatives and not great for Britain; a Yes vote is a disaster for the Conservatives and a disaster for Britain.”
Sir Richard Ottaway, chair of the foreign affairs committee and a Cameron supporter, appealed for calm in a sign of the febrile atmosphere within the parliamentary party.
“These pledges have to be put into context,” he told the FT. “Colleagues should keep calm and wait for the detail.”
Andrew Rosindell, Conservative MP for Romford, told the Financial Times that the prime minister would have to reflect on his position should his attempts to win over the Scots fail.
“I hope Scots vote to stay; if it goes wrong, however, the prime minister will have to decide what the honourable thing is to do,” he said.
“Everyone I speak to thinks his position would be untenable,” said another Conservative MP. “We are the unionist party and on top of that he has made this personal plea.” A third MP said he believed the PM would resign of his own volition if Scots voted Yes: “He is an honourable man”.
Under Conservative rules, a vote of no-confidence in Mr Cameron would be triggered if at least 15 per cent of Tory MPs write to Graham Brady, the chairman of the influential 1922 backbench committee. Some 46 MPs are needed to trigger a vote.
John Whittingdale, a vice-chairman of the 1922 backbench committee, told the FT that Mr Cameron’s position was assured but expressed alarm over what the Scots were being offered.
More video
“In my view, whatever the outcome, David Cameron’s position is in no doubt, but I for one would be very concerned at the idea that my electorate would continue to subsidise the Scots even after they have been given all these powers to raise even more money.”
Mr Rosindell said there needed to be proper discussion over a new UK settlement. “When the dust has settled, all the pledges and promises and threats have to be looked at in a coherent way to ensure the whole of the country is treated equally. But it can’t be done until the emotion of this referendum is over.”
David Mowat, MP for Warrington South and co-founder of the 40 Group for the most marginal MPs, said he did not think the outcome of the referendum was a cause for resignation on the part of the prime minister but was “very concerned” over Mr Cameron’s pledge to guarantee funding for the Scots.
“I have a great deal of difficulty in any constitutional settlement that enshrines higher public spending in Scotland than in my constituency regardless of relative need. If my constituency had the same demography and was in Scotland, it would have £1,000 a year more in public spending per person.”
Additional reporting by Jim Pickard
Related Topics

Ebola stigma hits wider African economiesEbola stigma hits wider African economies
By Andrew England in Johannesburg and Javier Blas in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/79a1e352-38e5-11e4-9526-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Forces told to stop Chinese troops in disputed areasPrint
Written by Vijaita Singh | New Delhi | Posted: September 17, 2014 2:26 am
Security forces deployed along the Line of Actual Control (LAC) have been instructed to “interdict” Chinese troops in all disputed regions, a senior Home Ministry official said explaining the rise in number of “stand-offs” in the past three months.
Officials said the Army constructed a hut at Thible, which is a little ahead of Chumar and this irked the Chinese resulting in an eyeball to eyeball confrontation between the two sides, which still continues. Last year’s incident where China had pitched tents in Depsang Valley was also triggered by the Army constructing a fortified post in Chumar that had to be destroyed to end the stand-off.
A senior official said the “assertive posturing” by Indian security forces has resulted in a spurt in the number of face-offs with the People’s Liberation Army (PLA). While in Chumar, the security forces are still in a confrontation with the Chinese over the latter constructing a road, in Demchok area in north Ladakh the Chinese have protested against India constructing a canal for irrigation. The incidents come ahead of Chinese President Xi Jinping’s three-day visit to India beginning from September 17,
“The Chinese are constructing a road on their side in Chumar sector for the past three months. We cannot afford to take any chance so the troops are positioned right at the International Boundary, which is not a disputed sector to ensure they do not do any construction on our side of the perceived boundary. It’s not that they have transgressed on our side but they have also taken strong exception to the hut by Army which has come up in Thible. While last year we had to destroy the fortified position, this time the situation is different,” said a senior official.
Another official said, “While earlier, our troops used to patrol the disputed areas in Depsang, Chumar and Demchok four times in a month, now we are going for daily patrolling. We have been asked to be assertive in the disputed areas and there is no letting down of guard. The stand-offs have increased because we have started patrolling more,” said the official.
On Monday, a flag meeting was held between the two sides in Chushul — the designated place for such meetings. Another meeting is scheduled after four days.
“The situation is not out of control and the deputy NSA has also been briefed about the incident,” said the official.

A taste of Italy up in Shimla hillsIndo-Asian News Service | Posted: September 16, 2014 4:49 pm
The Himachal Pradesh capital is now offering a platter of authentic taste of Italy — an Italian thin crust, hand-rolled wood-fired pizzas laced with an assortment of organic herbs grown in its kitchen garden.
The pizza will also have Italian tomatoes or pomodoros imported from Italy. Even the cheese is being imported from Italy.
“We are different from others as our thin crust pizza base is one of its kind as it is smoked in the mango wood oven. Others have electrical ovens which don’t give it a smoky flavour,” Meet Singh Malhotra, The Oberoi Group’s Clarkes Hotel’s kitchen executive, told IANS.
“Even its base is hand rolled and for health conscious guests we offer organic whole-wheat pizzas too,” he said.
Herbs like basil, wild rocket and arugula used in the pizza are specially grown by the hotel in its kitchen garden without using pesticides or fertiliser.
Malhotra said the condiments with a pizza are olive oil which is flavoured with thyme, a herb, and balsamic vinegar.
“We use only the finest ingredients, besides traditional recipe and methods, to give typical Italian flavour,” Clarkes’ general manager D.P. Bhatia told IANS.
He said Clarkes has also introduced a new menu which includes Chinese, Mexican, Italian and homemade pastas, besides traditional Himachali cuisines.
He said traditional Himachali food like khoru, patore, babroo, chaa ghosht and murgh anardana, which have been long forgotten, are popular among the guests.
In February this year, The Oberoi Group of hotels in Shimla and in Delhi introduced Himachali cuisine, which is not only offered in traditional style but also cooked by chefs trained by the “botis” or hereditary cooks in copper vessels.
Bhatia said Clarkes would soon add a street food menu.
It will include foods like keema samosa, patile wale matar kulcha, kachaudi with aloo ki sabzi and bichoo ki chat or stinging nettle chat.
The stinging nettle is commonly grown in the wild in the hills and is known to have medicinal values, said Malhotra.
To catch up the pizzeria fever, Clarkes offers unlimited pizza at Rs.550 per person with a complimentary drink from 11 a.m. to 7 p.m.

Salman Khan cements mentor s reputationE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Finding Fanny  box office collections hit USD 1.6 millionE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Sreenivasan Jain: Modi s dilemma on hindutva vs growthSreenivasan Jain| The price of silence at the top: Modi's dilemma
Sreenivasan Jain |  Sep 17, 2014 10:00 AM IST
By the time this column goes to print, we will be five days past an impassioned demand by Fali Nariman, in a speech before the National Commission for Minorities, for those at the top (of this government and the ruling party) to speak up against the "recurrent instances of religious tension fanned by fanaticism and hate-speeches", which are straining the "the Hindu tradition of tolerance". Actually, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) brass - barring, notably, the prime minister - hasn't been entirely silent during this season of intemperance. Last week, the BJP president told the Economic Times that "love jihad" was simultaneously a "media creation" and a "grave social problem". A day later, the home minister in response to a question at a press conference, said: "What is this (love jihad)? Can you define it?" keeping alive the pot of ambiguity around a subject that deserves nothing less than unqualified debunking.
By contrast, the only decisive intervention on the subject I have heard from anyone close to the ruling establishment is from Zafar Sareshwala, the Ahmedabad- and Mumbai-based businessman best known as the first staunch Muslim defender of Narendra Modi. Sareshwala called me last week after seeing our reports on the Sangh Parivar-driven anti-"love jihad" campaign in Western Uttar Pradesh, saying he was agitated by such communal nonsense (or words to that effect), which had "no place" in the agenda outlined by the prime minister. He said that the only reason why the BJP swept the 2014 polls was because liberal Hindus voted for Modi's pro-governance thrust, but that if the BJP goes back to regressive, polarising issues like "love jihad", they will abandon the party in droves. He would go on to make the same point on numerous TV panels in the course of the week.
Sareshwala is, of course, not a formal member of the BJP, but his proximity to Modi is so widely known that it is sometimes assumed that on occasion he speaks with Modi's sanction. Not entirely, it appears, in this case. In our conversation, Sareshwala said he had raised these concerns with the prime minister on the Japan trip, where he had travelled as part of the business delegation. He claimed Modi expressed distaste at the Adityanath brand of politics. When I called him a few days later to clarify the prime minister's exact words on the subject, Sareshwala said he had, not, in fact, directly broached the issue on the Japan trip. He said he brought up hate-mongering by the likes of the BJP's Giriraj Singh during the 2014 Lok Sabha campaign, asking Modi if he, Sareshwala, could "hammer these fellows" in public debates. (Singh, the BJP candidate from Bihar had urged Modi critics to "go to Pakistan".) Modi apparently gave him the go-ahead, even urging Sareshwala to ascribe the disapproval to him. "Look at where all of them are now", said Sareshwala. "Where is Giriraj Singh? Where is Subramanian Swamy? Where is Pravin Togadia (the Vishva Hindu Parishad or VHP firebrand from Gujarat)? If the media ignores the likes of Yogi Adityanath, (the BJP's MP from Gorakhpur who now faces an Election Commission-ordered FIR for his incendiary comments), they will vanish from the scene, just as Modi has silenced other extremists in the past."
I put it to him that the media, in fact, rarely gave airtime to Adityanath until the BJP high command made him one of the party's lead campaigners for the recently concluded Uttar Pradesh by-polls, just as the party has chosen to reward riot-accused MLAs and MPs. For instance, Sanjeev Baliyan, the Muzaffarnagar MP is the junior agriculture minister in Modi's Cabinet. It was hardly possible that the prime minister would be unaware of these decisions or their repercussions, especially when linked to as politically sensitive a region as Uttar Pradesh. As for the Togadia analogy, I reminded Sareshwala that the VHP firebrand was only rendered irrelevant after a very clear, concerted signal from Modi as chief minister.
And yet, Sareshwala (understandably, given where his loyalties lie) ring-fenced the prime minister from responsibility, claiming that a section of the BJP continued to work against Modi, and was intent on pulling him down. But he did concede that if the Big Man did not step in soon, things will unravel. This sentiment was expressed with a certain pragmatism that perhaps might speak to those currently in power more than the moral imperative of tolerance outlined in the Nariman speech. As Sareshwala put it: "Why do you think Modi held Vibrant Gujarat immediately after the 2002 riots? Yes, a lot of damage was done to Muslims during the riots (Sareshwala's family-run factory, manufacturing industrial valves, was burnt down). But the longer-term impact was on Hindu-run businesses. Not a single businessman wanted to come to Gujarat."
The same, he warned, will happen to India's biggest state if the Adityanath's are not reined in. "Do you think Adani or Ambani will ever put up a plant in Uttar Pradesh? They will run away."
The writer anchors the ground reportage show Truth vs Hype on NDTV 24X7

India on brink of urban revolution: UN-backe...Ban Ki-Moon
(India is on the "brink of…)
UNITED NATIONS: India is on the "brink of an urban revolution" with its population in towns and cities expected to reach 600 million by 2031, according to a new UN-backed report which pegged the gap in urban infrastructure investment in the country over the next 20 years at a whopping $827 billion.
Over the last two decades, India's urban population increased from 217 million to 377 million and this is expected to reach 600 million, or 40 per cent of the population by 2031, said the New Climate Economy Report by the The Global Commission on the Economy and Climate released here yesterday.
"India is on the brink of an urban revolution. The current pattern of urbanisation is largely taking place on the fringe of cities, much of it unplanned and outside the purview of city codes and bylaws, and is already imposing high costs. Unprecedented growth is leaving municipal governments with critical infrastructure shortages and service gaps," it said.
The report said that in India, the gap in urban infrastructure investment is estimated at $827 billion over the next 20 years, with two-thirds of this required for urban roads and traffic support.
Urban air pollution was projected to become the top environmental cause of premature mortality by 2050, it said.
Among the rising costs of unmanaged, unstructured urban expansion in India is urban pollution which caused 620,000 premature deaths in 2010, up more than sixfold from 2001.
Recent estimates show that the cost of environmental degradation, largely driven by sprawling cities, is "enormous" and is reducing India's GDP by 5.7 per cent or about $80 billion annually.
"Some 44 per cent of India's rapidly growing carbon emissions have urban origins, emanating from transport, industry, buildings and waste. This highlights the potential benefit of a new model of urban development," it said.
The 90 largest Chinese cities account for over $6trillion while cities in India generating two-thirds of GDP, 90 per cent of tax revenues, and the majority of jobs, with just a third of the country's population.
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon called the report timely as it comes just one week before a major climate summit he will be hosting on the sidelines of the annual gathering of world leaders for the UN General Debate.
The UN chief said he looked forward to next week's climate summit, where leaders from government, business, finance and civil society are expected to deliberate challenges and deliver recommendations on how to promote low-carbon growth.
The Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) estimates that the social costs of road transport in OECD countries, China and India combined are 3.5 trillion dollars per year, including the value of health impacts and lives lost.
The report said that governments should phase out direct agricultural input subsidies, and redirect the savings to pay for the provision of social goods and provide more direct support to low-income farmers.
India provided roughly 28 billion dollars in input subsidies to nitrogenous fertilisers and electricity for pumping agricultural water in 2010.
"Potential greenhouse gas emission reductions of 200 million tonnes of CO2e (Carbon dioxide equivalent) per year have been estimated from more efficient use of fertilisers in China alone and close to 100 million tonnes of CO2e per year from more efficient use of water in India," it said.
  The year-long study was conducted by leading research institutes from Brazil, China, Ethiopia, India, South Korea, the United Kingdom and United States and advised by a panel of world-leading economists.
The report further said that coal remains the default option for rapid expansion of the power supply and for heavy industry in several fast-growing economies.
India has imported more than half of new coal requirements in recent years, and may face still higher import dependence without a change of course, it said.
The report sets out a detailed 10-point Global Action Plan of recommendations to achieve prosperity and a safer climate at the same time.
It emphasises that over the next 15 years, about 90 trillion dollars will be invested in infrastructure in the world's cities, agriculture and energy systems.
It said this is an unprecedented opportunity to drive investment in low-carbon growth and bring multiple benefits including jobs.
The report further said that building better connected, more compact cities based on mass public transport can save over three trillion dollars in investment costs over the next 15 years and restoring just 12 per cent of the world's degraded lands can feed another 200 million people and raise farmers' incomes by 40 billion dollars a year.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Hindalco  Sun Pharma  GAIL  TCS top gainersSensex opens in green; pharma, metal, power stocks gain
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 17, 2014, 09.30AM IST
Tags:
Midcap Index
MUMBAI: The S&P BSE Sensex pared some of the intraday gains after a positive start even as the Asian markets remained firm. Profit booking has picked up in broader markets for second straight session.
"Basic trend of the market is still bullish and buying on dips should be the strategy with a medium term view of three months. The market is having strong support between 26,500 and 26,300 (for Nifty 7,930 and 7,870). We are of the view that the market would consolidate between 26,300 and 27,100 (7,870 and 8,100) before entering into any major trending move," said Shrikant Chouhan, Head- Technical Research, Kotak Securities.
At 09:45 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 26,527.90, up 35.39 points or 0.13 per cent. It touched a high of 26,655.65 and a low of 26,526.40 in early trade.
The Nifty was at 7,943.30, up 10.40 points or 0.13 per cent. It touched a high of 7,983.95 and a low of 7,943.05 in early trade.
"We will give first preference to banks, auto and cement stocks to buy with a medium term view and capital goods, infra and metal in the second preference list. Top midcap stocks, with track record of 15 years, along with strong price formation should be on the radar with a long term view. We like cement and technology stocks from the BSE mid cap basket," Chouhan added.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index was down 0.44 per cent and the S&P BSE Smallcap Index declined 0.14 per cent.
Among the sectoral indices, the S&P BSE IT Index was up 0.59 per cent, the S&P BSE Metal Index moved 0.34 per cent higher and the S&P BSE FMCG Index edged up 0.13 per cent.
The S&P BSE Auto Index was 0.58 per cent lower, the S&P BSE Power Index was down 0.37 per cent and the S&P BSE Capital goods Index declined 0.28 per cent.
Hindalco (up 1.31 per cent), Sun Pharma (up 1.08 per cent), Tata Power (up 0.84 per cent), TCS (up 0.79 per cent) and GAIL (up 0.76 per cent) were among the major Sensex gainers.
Cipla (1.58 per cent), ONGC (1.02 per cent), Sesa Sterlite (0.82 per cent), Maruti (0.81 per cent) and Tata Motors (0.76 per cent) were among the top losers.
The market breadth was positive on the BSE with 1029 gainers against 815 losers.
The foreign institutional investors were net sellers worth Rs 828.95 crore and domestic institutional investors were net buyers worth Rs 465.61 crore on Tuesday as per the provisional data from the National Stock Exchange.
The Asian markets were witnessing some buying action. The Nikkei 225 was up 0.14 per cent, the Hang Seng surged 1.09 per cent, Taiwan Weighted gained 1.17 per cent and Seoul Composite jumped 0.77 per cent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

The top iPhone and iPad apps on the Apple App StoreSep 17, 2014 at 11:05am IST
The top iPhone and iPad apps on the Apple App Store
App Store Official Charts for the week ending September 15, 2014:
Top Paid iPhone Apps:
1. Minecraft - Pocket Edition, Mojang
Apple App Store Official Charts for the week ending September 15, 2014.
2. Five Nights at Freddy's, Scott Cawthon
3. Goblin Sword, Eleftherios Christodoulatos
4. Heads Up!, Warner Bros.
5. Afterlight, Afterlight Collective, Inc
6. Sleep Cycle alarm clock, Northcube AB
7. Geometry Dash, RobTop Games AB
8. 7 Minute Workout Challenge, Fitness Guide Inc
9. Buddyman: Kick 2, Crazylion Studios Limited
10. Videoshop - Video Editor, Joseph Riquelm
Top Free iPhone Apps:
1. Facebook Messenger, Facebook, Inc.
2. The Tower!, Ketchapp
5. Musify - Free Music Download -..., Alfadevs
6. Yik Yak, Yik Yak, LLC
7. Snapchat, Snapchat, Inc.
1. Minecraft - Pocket Edition, Mojang
2. Notability, Ginger Labs
3. Five Nights at Freddy's, Scott Cawthon
4. Dora and Friends HD, Nickelodeon
5. Goblin Sword, Eleftherios Christodoulatos
6. XtraMath, XtraMath
7. Terraria, 505 Games (US), Inc.
8. Olaf's Adventures, Disney
9. SpongeBob Moves In, Nickelodeon
10. Buddyman: Kick 2 HD edition, Crazylion Studios Limited
Top Free iPad Apps:
1. Facebook Messenger, Facebook, Inc.
2. Spider-Man Unlimited, Gameloft
3. Angry Birds Stella, Rovio Entertainment Ltd
4. YouTube, Google, Inc.
5. Diamond Digger Saga, King.com Limited
6. Apple Store, Apple
7. Calculator for iPad Free, International Travel Weather Calculator
8. Netflix, Netflix, Inc.
9. Madden NFL Mobile, Electronic Arts
0
more »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Apple iPhone 6  iPhone 6 Plus delivery may stretch on to OctoberSep 17, 2014 at 10:54am IST
Apple iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus delivery may stretch on to October
18
0
New York: With record pre-booking of four million units in the first 24 hours, Apple fans may have to wait for some time before they get their hands on the latest iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus as delivery is likely to stretch on to October.
Apple said it received a "record number" of first day pre-orders of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, the biggest advancements in iPhone history with over four million in the first 24 hours.
ALSO SEE With 4 million pre-orders iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus shatter iPhone 5 record
"Demand for the new iPhones exceeds the initial pre-order supply and while a significant amount will be delivered to customers beginning on Friday and throughout September, many iPhone pre-orders are scheduled to be delivered in October," Apple said in a statement.
Apple CEO Tim Cook discusses the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus on Tuesday, September 9, 2014, in Cupertino, California. (AP Photo)
ALSO SEE 5.5-inch Apple iPhone 6 Plus in greater demand than the 4.7-inch iPhone 6
Last year, Apple sold nine million units of iPhone 5s and iPhone 5c models within three days after the launch of the new iPhones on September 20.
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will be available to customers in India from October 17, less than a month from its global launch.
ALSO SEE Missing sapphire glass in the iPhone 6 disappoints many
The iPhone 6 is priced at $199 (16GB), $299 (64GB) and $399 (128GB) with a two-year contract. The iPhone 6 Plus will be available for $299 (16GB), $399 (64GB) and $499 (128GB) with a two-year contract in the US.
Both models will be available from September 19 from AT&T, Sprint, T-Mobile, Verizon Wireless, additional carriers and select Apple authorized resellers in the US.
ALSO SEE Apple iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus review: They neutralise a key Android advantage
"iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are better in every way, and we are thrilled customers love them as much as we do. Pre-orders for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus set a new record for Apple, and we can't wait to get our best iPhones yet into the hands of customers starting this Friday," Apple CEO Tim Cook said.
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, which features a larger screen and longer battery life, will be available in the US, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, Puerto Rico, Singapore and the UK from September 19.
Over 20 additional countries will have the new iPhone being sold from September 26, which includes Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, Netherlands, Switzerland, Taiwan and Turkey, among others.
2

Court tosses out $368 mn patent case verdict against AppleCourt tosses out $368 mn patent case verdict against Apple
PTI
Tweet
San Francisco, Sept 17:  
A federal appeals court Tuesday tossed out a $368 million verdict against Apple, ruling that jurors were given evidence that may have skewed the sum.
“We vacate the jury’s damages award and remand for further proceedings consistent with this opinion,” judges in a US appellate court said in a detailed written ruling.
Patent licensing firm VirnetX and Science Applications International Corporation filed suit four years ago in US District Court in Texas, accusing the iPhone, iPad, iPod and Macintosh computer maker of infringing on patented technology in secure video chat capabilities built into a FaceTime feature.
Computer networking gear titan Cisco, maker of a widely used virtual private network (VPN) software, was also named as a defendant in the suit.
Jurors concluded that VirnetX patents had been infringed on and calculated USD 368.16 million in damages, according to court documents.
Appeals court judges backed the finding of infringement, but said the lower court wrongly allowed expert testimony that may have influenced the damages award.
“While we are disappointed that the federal circuit has vacated portions of the judgement for further proceedings, we are bolstered by the fact that the patents were again found valid and that it was confirmed that Apple’s VPN on Demand functionality infringes the VirnetX patents,” VirnetX chief executive Kendall Larsen said in a released statement.
“We look forward to readdressing the FaceTime infringement and damages issues as soon as possible.”
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

Jonathan Trott ready for EnglandreturnJonathan Trott has been in fine form for Warwickshire with four centuries -- two each in the County Championship and the 50-over One Day Cup (Source: AP)
Agence-France Presse | London | Posted: September 17, 2014 11:39 am | Updated: September 17, 2014 11:40 am
England batsman Jonathan Trott said he was ready for an international recall.
Trott dramatically quit the Ashes tour of Australia last year following the first Test in Brisbane, citing a stress-related illness, and has not played for England since.
However, the 33-year-old South Africa-born right-hander has returned to county duty with Warwickshire, although a recurrence of the illness in April led to another break from cricket.
But since coming back again with the Midlands county in June, Trott has been in fine form for Warwickshire with four centuries — two each in the County Championship and the 50-over One Day Cup.
However, his time away from the international scene meant Trott was not awarded a central contract by the England and Wales Cricket Board last week.
Nevertheless, Trott told the BBC on Tuesday he had been “available” for England duty for several weeks.
“The ECB and I have had our final get-together. I’ve been signed off by the ECB,” said Trott.
“Whatever comes along with regards to selection, maybe. I’m not putting too much pressure on myself,” added Trott, who in 49 Tests has scored 3,763 runs including nine hundreds at an average of 46.75.
“There’s been some challenging times. Some tough times. But I’ve been available a while, for the last month or two, I suppose, in terms of selection and I’m enjoying my cricket.
“I’ve been feeling good for a while now. It’s been great going back to Warwickshire. The last couple of months with Warwickshire have been fantastic.”
Yorkshire’s Gary Ballance has taken a firm grip on Trott’s old number three position in the England Test side but that position has proved far more problematic with regard to one-day internationals, where Trott averages 51.25 in 68 matches.
Trott will be back in the spotlight when Warwickshire face Durham in the One-Day Cup final at Lord’s on Saturday. Victory for Trott’s side would see the Birmingham-base club complete a limited overs double following their Twenty20 Blast success, on their Edgbaston home ground, earlier this season.
“I’m doing my best to play as much good cricket as I have got left in me and to win stuff for the team,” Trott said.
“We’ve got a big final on Saturday, then another game against Durham, which is important, which we may have to win to stay second (in the Championship).”
I've been available a while, for the last month or two, I suppose, in terms of selection and I'm enjoying my cricket

Keep your feet on the ground: Sena tells BJP on bypollresultsShiv Sena president Uddhav Thackeray (Source: Express Archives)
Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: September 17, 2014 11:32 am | Updated: September 17, 2014 11:53 am
The Shiv Sena on Wednesday took potshots at the BJP for the reverses sufered by it in the bypolls, saying it should learn a lesson and keep its “ feet on the ground “.
“In Lok Sabha polls, BJP made great strides in UP but now the bypoll results have been the opposite. This is a lesson for Maharashtra polls. It is a lesson for all. Don’t take people for granted,” an editorial in Sena mouthpiece Saamana said.
“People’s minds are fickle. It is their decision. The bypoll results are lesson for October 15 Maharashtra Assembly polls. It is a lesson for all,” the Sena said.
“Keep your feet on ground. Don’t get swayed by the frenzy of victory (in Lok Sabha polls). Only those who learn this lesson will win Maharashtra. Or else the public will do the needful,” the Sena said.
The BJP was dealt a severe blow in its strongholds in Uttar Pradesh, Rajasthan and Gujarat when it lost 13 of the 23 seats held by it there while the Congress put up a surprise showing in two of these states in the Assembly by-elections.
The Sena mouthpiece said “The bypoll results should not be linked to the Modi wave. It should be noted that there is a difference between general and state elections.”
“Modi is doing a great job at international level,” it said.
“Who is to blame if the work done by Modi in 100 days hasn’t percolated down,” it said.
Swami Adityanath raised the ‘love-jihad’ issue but the bypoll results show that it did not have any impact, Sena said.
“Nobody should credit Sonia or Rahul Gandhi for Congress performance in the latest bypolls,” it said. Similarly, nobody should also claim that the results are a mandate against Modi, it added.
The strong remarks in the Sena editorial are being construed as a warning for BJP to tone down its demand for more seats to contest in the Maharashtra polls.
BJP president Amit Shah is expected to discuss seat sharing issue with Sena in a meeting with his party’s senior state leaders in Mumbai on Wednesday.

Phil Hughes replaces injured Michael Clarke for PakistanODIsPhil Hughes boasts a batting average of 37.31 in his 24 one-day internationals (Source: Reuters)
Reuters | Sydney | Posted: September 17, 2014 11:31 am
Top order batsman Phil Hughes has replaced Michael Clarke in the Australia squad for next month’s one-day international series against Pakistan after the Australia captain was ruled out by a hamstring injury.
Hughes, who was overlooked for the original squad despite scoring two half centuries against South Africa in the recent triangular one-day series in Zimbabwe, had been included in the Test squad to play Pakistan in the United Arab Emirates.
The 25-year-old was already scheduled to travel to the UAE earlier than his Test team mates to spend time working on his batting against spin with the team’s coaching consultant, Sri Lanka great Muttiah Muralitharan.
In and out of the team with depressing regularity in his Test career, Hughes only made the trip to Zimbabwe for the ODI series after an injury to Shane Watson.
The left-hander boasts a batting average of 37.31 in his 24 one-day internationals and will now have his chance to earn a place in the squad for next year’s World Cup, which Australia are co-hosting with New Zealand.
Clarke, Australia’s leading batsman, flew home from Zimbabwe with an injury that “a series of investigations” confirmed to be a “significant hamstring injury”, Cricket Australia physiotherapist Alex Kountouris said on Tuesday.
After a one-off Twenty20 match on Oct. 5, Australia play Pakistan in the three one-dayers before the first Test starts Oct. 22 in Dubai.
“We are hopeful that he will be available for the Test series but this will be determined at a date closer to the first Test,” Kountouris added.
After a one-off Twenty20 match, Australia play Pakistan in the three one-dayers before the first Test starts Oct 22

Im fine  says Kamal Haasan fromhospitalKamal Haasan will be discharged Wednesday.
Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai | Posted: September 17, 2014 11:24 am | Updated: September 17, 2014 1:50 pm
Veteran actor Kamal Haasan , who was admitted to hospital following a bout of food poisoning, says he’s fine and that there’s no “cause for alarm”.
“I know a lot of people would like to make a drama out of this. Sorry to disappoint them. I am fine. It’s just a simple case of food poisoning. No cause for alarm,” Kamal said over phone from a private hospital in Chennai.
After Hollywood star Arnold Schwarzenegger’s flash-visit to Chennai Monday, on Tuesday, Chennai was abuzz with reports of Kamal’s hospitalisation.
Talking about the reason, he said: “I am here because of food poisoning and dehydration. Nothing more serious than that.”
The stomach infection happened while shooting.
“We were shooting in the interiors of Kerala where there were no proper restaurants. We ate at roadside dhabas, probably drank infected water. One of those makeshift food places did not agree with me. So here I am.”
He will be discharged Wednesday.

A musical quest  in 30 questionsUpdated: September 17, 2014 11:51 IST
A musical quest, in 30 questions
Special Correspondent
Tweet
The Hindu Carnatic vocalist T.M. Krishna, winner of Indira Sivasailam Endowment Medal, answered rasikas’ questions at ‘Anwesha’ — Photo: V. Ganesan
How does Carnatic vocalist T.M. Krishna manage to sing neravals without his hands keeping beat? Why have some ragas like Narayana Gowlai become less frequently sung in concerts, over the years? What was the concert paani like earlier?
These were some of the interesting questions that were posed by rasikas at ‘Anwesha – Quest for the Best’, an event organised by the Indira Sivasailam Foundation, here on Tuesday. And Mr. Krishna, the winner of this year’s Indira Sivasailam Endowment Medal, spent nearly three hours patiently answering all 30 questions.
To a question on how Carnatic music classes can be made more interesting for children, asked by music teacher Geetha Kuppan, he suggested that small songs, including the 33 notu swaras of Muthuswamy Dikshitar, songs of Subramania Bharathi, and Carnatic music-based songs like ‘paati nalla paati’ by V.V. Sadagopan, be taught to children along with the basics.
“You must make them hum, which will make them sing gamakas easily,” he said. To class XII student R. Abhishek’s question on his being able to sing without his hands keeping beat with neravals, Mr. Krishna explained that tala existed only because melody did, and both were inseparable, with tala being part of the manodharma.
N. Murali, president of The Music Academy, said it was in 2010 that Tafe chairman and CEO Mallika Srinivasan started the Indira Sivasailam Foundation in memory of her mother, a musician and connoisseur of music. The foundation, he said, aimed at promoting our rich culture and tradition.
Ritha Rajan and R.S. Jayalakshmi, of the Music Academy’s Advanced School of Music, who were also present, were the jury members and chose the 30 questions from the many posted by rasikas from across the country and even, abroad.

Oil firms smiling  but no diesel price cutOil firms smiling  but no diesel price cut
Whatsupji: an operating cycle is the time it takes to produce  sell an...none of them have operating cycle as 12 months..
for page industries its on Page No:53 March 2013-14 annual report - operating cycle: 5 months.
for Annual report March 2012-13 the operating cycle was: 4 months (Page no: 49)
In Page annual report 2009-10 there was no such thing mentioned about operating cycle (which means it was a 12 months cycle same as accounting cycle)
----------------
by keeping its operating cycle of just 5 months.. its current assets, liabilities.. its inventory all will be calculated on 5 month basis.. (I think)
----------------
I think the real question is if its operating cycle is 12 months what kind of numbers are we going to see?..
wish I had found this before the AGM atleast someone could ask the management about it..
=happy investing

Jaya Hind Montupet new unit to go on stream in June 2015Home News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Jaya Hind Montupet's new unit to go on stream in June 2015
Alka Kshirsagar
Tweet
Pune, Sept 17:  
Jaya Hind Montupet’s new Greenfield facility at Dewas in Madhya Pradesh is set to go into production in June 2015. The plant will make aluminium cylinder heads for the automobile industry.
JHM, a 50:50 joint venture company between Pune-based Jaya Hind Industries (a Firodia group company) and Montupet SA of France, is investing Rs 200 crore in the first phase of the project.
Dragon engines
Production will kick-off at Dewas with components for Dragon engines – the programme for small petrol engines being developed by Ford. India is the lead country for the Dragon programme.
“We are in discussions with other clients, and expect to sign one more contract with an international passenger vehicles manufacturer shortly,” Prasan Firodia, MD, Jaya Hind Montupet, said.
The joint venture, which is basically for gravity die cast products, already supplies cylinder heads for automakers like Mahindra and Mahindra from an existing plant at Urse near Pune which has been transferred to the company.
Capacity expansion
In the first phase of investment, JHM’s Dewas plant will have an installed capacity of 300,000 units per year. A second phase for capacity expansion has also been planned.
“The second phase will call for investment of another Rs 250 crore and our plan is to build capacity for one million cylinder heads,” Firodia said, adding that the second phase of investment will not be triggered until the existing capacity utilisation is on the cards.
Jaya Hind Montupet also has the mandate to cater to the requirements of auto OEMs in China, South East Asia and the Far East. While export from India is possible, if the volumes are high enough it would make sense to set up a dedicated facility overseas, Firodia said.
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

BJPs defeated blame their MPsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Lehman Collapse: Six Years on India Still Feels After-EffectsE-Auction of Coal Blocks to Boost Investor Confidence: Report
September 15, 2008 is etched in the memories of investors worldwide. On that Monday, Lehman Brothers - then the fourth largest investment bank in the US - filed for bankruptcy protection after failing to find a buyer.
Lehman Brothers had assets and debt of over $1 trillion (nearly half of India's current GDP) and it went down as the biggest bankruptcy case in history.
The Dow Jones indexin the US plunged over 500 points (over 4 per cent) on September 15 in its worst point drop since the September 2001 terrorist attacks. There was mayhem across global markets, too.
Within three months of Lehman's collapse, the BSE Sensex crashed to 8,535 in the wake of global finance crisis, plunging 60 per cent from around 21,000 levels in January 2008.
Among Indian corporates, ICICI Bank was the hardest hit. Though ICICI Bank's exposure to Lehman Brothers was miniscule, customers rushed to withdraw money on rumors that the bank was in trouble.
Six years on, some of the legacies of Lehman's collapse still remain in the economic system:
1) Short-term interest rates in the US continue to be near zero and the US Federal Reserve continues to buy billions of dollars' worth of bonds. This liquidity has fuelled a record-setting rally in Indian stocks.
2) India's GDP growth fell sharply to 6.72 per cent in 2008-09 from 9.32 per cent in the preceding financial year. India has not been able to achieve 9 per cent GDP growth since the Lehman collapse.
3) Since 2008, the government resorted to massive increases in public outlays to push growth. It also cut taxes, widening the deficit. This resulted in higher stimulus-fuelled growth in the short term but could not be sustained in later years. After growing at 8.6 per cent in 2009-10 and 8.9 per cent in 2010-11, India's growth slowed down to a decade-low of 4.5 per cent in 2012-13 as stimulus measures and tax incentives were rolled back. Last fiscal, growth improved to just 4.7 per cent.
4) The tax cuts and higher spending in late 2008 led to a worsening of public finances. India's fiscal deficit climbed to 6 per cent of GDP in 2008-09 and 6.5 per cent of GDP in 2009-10. In April 2012, global ratings agencies Standard & Poor's and Fitch cut their outlook on India to negative citing high deficit. While Fitch Ratings returned India's sovereign outlook back to stable from negative in 2013, S&P continues to retain its negative outlook on India.
5) India's current account deficit also worsened progressively, in part because of the economic policies pursued between 2008 and 2011. This pressured the rupee, which hit a record low of 68.85 per dollar in August 2013. The rupee has since recovered, but it continues to trade above 60 per dollar, a far cry from 45-46/dollar in the pre-Lehman era.
6) The Reserve Bank cut interest rates six times between October 2008 and April 2009 in a bid to boost liquidity in the Indian economy. But the RBI tightened slowly, not raising its policy rates until March 2010. This artificially buoyed demand and stoked inflation. Retail inflation has constantly remained between 8 per cent and 12 per cent since 2008-09 forcing the central bank to adopt a hawkish policy since September 2013 even at the cost of hurting growth.
(Data from Planning Commission)

Why Dynamatic is the Infosys of aerospaceAirbus
(European aircraft maker…)
Bangalore-based Dynamatic Technologies is increasingly becoming the preferred supplier of aerospace parts and assemblies to global aviation industry including giants such as Airbus, Boeing and Bell Helicopter. The company that many experts call the "Infosys of aerospace manufacturing" was recently promoted as a tier-1 global vendor for these companies and orders have been pouring in. Its order book for aerospace products has tripled to about Rs 6,000 crore since the beginning of 2014. These orders have to be executed over the next decade.
European aircraft maker Airbus, which has placed orders worth Rs 1,800 crore with Dynamatic, has worked closely with the company for the past eight years. "We are expanding our Airbus 320 and Airbus 350 production. With increasing maturity of Dynamatic, we include it among the popular candidates. They have been manufacturing one of the most complicated parts for us and have delivered all our orders on time," said Airbus India CEO Srinivas Dwarkanath.
The global aviation companies decided to outsource manufacturing in 2006 and identified India as a potential destination. Dynamatic's CEO and managing director Udayant Malhoutra, who was working closely with HAL (Hindustan Aeronautics) then, was quick to see the opportunity and got in touch with these firms.
"Dynamatic was quite smart about it," said Pratyush Kumar, India head of American firm Boeing. "They have been innovative and quick to get into the game, and have been successful. They recognise manual assembly and are very savvy and well-informed about how global aviation industry functions." He added, "With high cost, quality and delivery efficiencies we are keenly looking at Indian suppliers. Their success is our success."
Dynamatic is the only tier-1 supplier from India, which is being seen as an outsourcing destination by global majors.
It manufactures primarily flap track beams, a flight critical component instrumental in controlling the speed, direction and balance of the aircraft, for Airbus and helicopter parts for Boeing and Bell.
"Developing plane parts is an art, like manufacturing a Swiss watch," said Malhoutra, "It's all handmade. It's not a business where you set up capacities and start manufacturing. We have invested several years and a lot of money in developing these skills and are now past the learning curve."
Tata and Mahindra Aerospace are among the other domestic private sector companies in this sector, but they are much smaller than Dynamatic, which also makes airframe structures for Indian Air Force aircraft such as the Sukhoi 30MKI. It is a strong contender for the offset orders that can come up in aerospace as part of defence orders. The defence ministry has already placed orders worth about $4.3 billion or Rs 26,000 crore. It is expected that orders worth $24 billion will flow from the aerospace and defence segments.
The aerospace business contributed just 15% to the company's total revenues in 2013-14, but its share in operating profit was as much as 60%. The revenues from the aerospace segment are likely to grow, too, promising a jump in the company's profits.
  Just as its aerospace business, the company's auto parts manufacturing German subsidiary is a tier 1 vendor for automakers such as BMW, Daimler, Volkswagen and Audi. The segment is critical for the company as it generates two-thirds of its revenues. In addition to Germany, it has manufacturing facilities in Chennai, with the German accounting for 83% of its revenues while the rest comes from Indian operations.
The company will gradually transfer iron-casting business to cost-effective India, Malhoutra said, adding that its Chennai plant had already started exporting castings to BMW, Volkswagen and Mercedes-Benz. "Recently our German Engineers have developed complex stainless steel turbine housings with only a few companies manufacturing this globally, we are already seeing a huge demand for this product. As we continue to build steel casting capabilities in Germany, we will gradually transfer the iron casting business into India, which will give us cost advantages and higher profitability. Chennai plant is already started exporting castings to BMW Volkswagen and Mercedes-Benz."
With less than half capacity utilisation at its Indian plants, the company is focusing on improvement on this count and hopes business will pick up with economic revival.
In addition to its aerospace and automotive businesses, Dynamatic is the leading hydraulic gear pump maker in the country, with 65% market share and clients such as Mahindra & Mahindra, John Deere and Cummins. This business is growing in double digits and is likely to continue at this pace for the new few years.
Dynamatic's market capitalisation has grown almost 50 times over the past decade and is expected to grow further at a fast pace in the next few years. "While we focus our emotive energies on building deep and lasting relationships with our customers, employees and stakeholders, our business decisions are based solely on logic. Over the past two years we have deleveraged our balance sheet by monetising non-core assets, creating the conditions necessary for rapid growth in the near future," said Malhoutra.
With its aerospace business having taken off, profitability expanding in the automotive business and steady growth in the gear pump business, Dynamatic is a company to watch out for.
FEATURED ARTICLES

What makes CUMI a mini General Electric in the makingCAGR
(A focussed acquisition…)
Carborundum Universal (CUMI), part of the Chennai-based Murugappa Group, may well be described as a mini General Electric as it produces a gamut of products used as raw materials for different applications. The firm produces raw materials used in simple products like a face scrub or kitchen scrubber to paints, clothes, coal washeries and rice polishing. Besides, it makes raw materials for the catalytic converter for automakers and also supplies silica carbide to nuclear power plants.
While catering to such a diverse customer base, the company has also maintained a balance in organic and inorganic growth over the past five decades. "We have planned our long-term growth in such a way that twothirds of our growth will be led by the inorganic route and the rest will be driven by the organic route," said K Srinivasan, managing director of CUMI. "All our acquisitions are pursued according to a set policy followed by the company's management. If the prospective company fulfils our criterion, we plan our acquisition strategy," he added.
The company has clocked an annualised growth of 22% over the past eight years, reporting a revenue of Rs 2,039 crore in 2013-14 compared to Rs 539 crore in 2005-06. This happened largely due to the acquisitions made by the company over the past 15 years. During this period, the company bought about 40% stake in Wendt India, 51% in CUMI Australia, 51% in Forkor Zirconia (FZ) of South Africa and 86% in Volzhsky Abrasive Work (VAW) of Russia.
CUMI follows a rigorous approach to acquisition and does most of its due diligence internally, obviating the need for merchant bankers. CUMI's confidence can be gauged from the fact that it is the first Indian company to have made a hostile takeover, of Wendt India in 1991
In the past two years, however, some of its acquisition bets have gone awry and the company has, therefore, been taking several difficult and tough measures to get back in shape.
"In the current financial year, all our overseas acquisitions will start to grow considerably healthy from the third and fourth quarter onwards, except for RHI and Thukela. We are considering restructuring some of these loss-making entities based overseas," said Srinivasan. "Post the restructuring of these overseas entities we would be comfortable to grow at a long-term CAGR of more than 20%. We are quite positive on the significantly ramped-up volumes of VAW and FZ. It is just a matter of time as to when they start adding to our top line. Once the volume picks up, it would certainly start helping improve our margins," he added.
In the past two fiscals, the company's operating profit margin dropped to 13% of net sales, compared with 19-20% between 2009-10 and 2011-12. The slackness in the domestic economy took a toll on the company's capacity utilisation and led to losses at its overseas units.
The company now sees green shoots, both in the domestic and overseas markets, as its overseas units such as FZ are turning profitable again and the order inflow is picking up in India as well. Its Russian subsidiary VAW is annually producing 80,000 tonnes of silica carbide (SIC), which is used as an abrasive. It can produce an additional 100,000 tonnes. A technical hitch that it had faced while ramping up production at one of its bubble plants at FZ is also expected to be resolved soon.
  In the near term, the company is confident about revival in its domestic business on expected recovery in demand from the ongoing quarter. "We have now started seeing an order inflow. Though the orders have not become sales in the first quarter as much, there is a clear order inflow from the automotive and auto-component sectors. This will result in an improvement of our margins from the second quarter of 2014-15," said Srinivasan.
The company's margins have already turned for the better, but a further improvement is expected from the next quarter, he said, adding that the order inflow was very good in June and July amid growing auto sales.
Domestic sales account for as much as 75% of the consolidated revenues for the company. CUMI plans to drive its domestic sales by a combination of new and innovative products. It is striving for 15-18% of its sales from new products, benchmarking itself against global rivals such as 3M that derives nearly 25% of their sales from new products every year.
In the domestic market, the company is clocking Rs 150 crore in sales of new products every year, primarily due to the verticals such as power tools, consumer business, thin wheel and super abrasive segment. It commands a share of about 25% in the domestic abrasive market, where it is ranked second after the multinational company Grindwell Norton.
"Our products were able to successfully make inroads in the domestic market because we have made our products keeping in mind that they are needed for 'rough usage'. We build our products for 'misuse' rather than for 'use'. This helped us in building our business, compelling most of our customers to come back to us as our products have tremendous longevity even after being mishandled," said Srinivasan.
Despite being a minnow in comparison with global firms such as 3M and Saint Gobain in terms of research and development, the company is continuously increasing spending on innovation. So far, it has produced two products that have the potential for commercial success. One is hydrogel, produced at the Pusa Institute, which absorbs water nearly 500 times than the normal soil and increases the yield by as much as 30%. The hydrogel technique has been introduced by the company in five states. The second product the company is working on is the bioceramic strip that will help heal wounds.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Hatsun set to become a formidable playercapital investment
(The company, whose name…)
Launched as an ice cream producer in Tamil Nadu in 1970, Hatsun Agro Product has grown to be the largest private dairy company in the country. The Rs 2,500-crore Chennai-headquartered company is a formidable player in South India, especially in Tamil Nadu and Karnataka.
The company, whose name was initially conceptualised as 'Hot Sun', evolved into Hatsun Agro Product and grew into an integrated dairy firm selling milk, milk powder, curd, ghee, paneer and ice cream.
India is the world's largest milk producer , with a 17% share in global milk output. The Rs 4 lakh-crore Indian dairy industry is growing at 4% in volume terms — double the international growth rate. The growth potential has attracted regional, national and international players into the Indian dairy market.
"We do not see them as competition since there is place for everyone to grow in this market," said RG Chandramogan, founder, chairman and managing director of the company. Chandramogan can well be touted as the ice cream man of South India as Hatsun commands 60% share of ice cream market in Tamil Nadu and 35% in the entire southern region. While packaged milk sold under 'Arokya' brand contributes 65% to its revenues, value-added milk products contribute the rest. It also has a premium offering in the form of Ibaco ice cream.
The most critical aspect for any dairy firm is its ability to procure milk at a reasonable price. Hatsun, with its direct procurement from farmers — an Amul model — has an edge over its competitors, most of which source from local agents. There are about 5,249 Hatsun milk banks covering over 10,000 villages, with each bank receiving milk from 3.2 lakh farmers every day. The company provides animal husbandry services to the farmers and has employed nearly 61 veterinary doctors and 192 inseminators to provide artificial insemination activities.
While Hatsun's revenues have doubled in the past four years to Rs 2,500 crore in 2013-14, its net profit has more than quadrupled during the period to Rs 81 crore. From the current EBITDA (earnings before interest, tax and depreciation) margin of 7.5%, the company intends to improve the margin to 10% in the next couple of years through cost-effectiveness. For instance, it is not likely to spend money on establishing new brands and would rather focus on servicing the current brands.
The rising cash flow has prompted the company to be more generous to its shareholders and improve its debt-equity ratio. With most of its capital investment over, the company has been paying out higher dividends to its shareholders over the past five years. In the past three years, it has been paying out 40% of its net profit as dividends on an average.
From a very high debt-equity ratio of 1:5 five years ago, the company has brought down the ratio to 1:3. "With improving cash flow, we intend to bring down the debt-equity ratio to a comfortable level of 1:2," said Chandramogan. The net debt at the end of 2013-14 stood at Rs 500 crore.
Earlier this year, Hatsun acquired a milk company in Andhra Pradesh to increase its footprint in the region.
"However, the growth for the company is primarily going to be organic," clarified Chandramogan.
The management is clear that it does not plan to venture outside South India in the near future, nor does it intend to enter the cheese market, which is not so lucrative.
The Indian dairy industry is expected to grow at 13-15% annually over the next five years primarily on account of an increase in consumption of value-added products and the value-chain becoming more organised. Hatsun has grown at a compound annual growth rate of 22% over the past five financial years. "I don't believe in being a futurist. I can only say that we will continue to grow faster than the average industry growth rate," said Chandramogan.
For investors interested in benefiting from the consumption-driven growth generated by the domestic dairy industry, Hatsun Agro Product appears to be the most suitable candidate in the listed space.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Watch: A third look at Aamir Khan s  PK   this time he is joined by Sanjay DuttPK is slated to release on December 19.
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 16, 2014 1:45 pm | Updated: September 16, 2014 4:16 pm
The third motion poster of Aamir Khan’s much awaited and anticipated movie – PK – is out and not only stars him but also has Sanjay Dutt. This time around it’s the latter who is wearing a ‘bandwaala’ costume, while Aamir Khan is seen wearing an over sized police uniform.
The superstar has tweeted all the three motion posters remaining true to the character in the movie, as he speaks Bhojpuri in the movie.
In this particular poster, Aamir Khan asks the viewers, “Why are you staring? Its not me. Its my friend – Bhairon Singh.”
Aamir Khan tweeted the poster of the movie and while doing that, made an error too, by posting the advertisement of his TV show ‘Satyamev Jayate’. Later, however, he corrected the mistake and tweeted the correct link.
Ei dekha… PK ka humra naya adbhurteesmant… dekha aur bola… kaisan laaga? http://t.co/R5QN6HXxtN
— Aamir Khan (@aamir_khan) September 16, 2014
Lull Sala!!! Galti ho gawa. Mishtake se hum apna teebhi ka porograam ka ad-wa daal diya. (1/2)
— Aamir Khan (@aamir_khan) September 16, 2014
Ei Layo, ab dekha PK ka humra naya posterwa!!! http://t.co/YyipQysvHU (2/2)
— Aamir Khan (@aamir_khan) September 16, 2014
The first and second posters were released last month, in which Aamir appeared almost nude and in ‘bandwaala’ clothes respectively.
‘PK’ also stars Anushka Sharma and Sushant Singh Raput and is directed by Rajkumar Hirani.

Travel agents cry foul over railways reservation moveTravel agents cry foul over Railways reservation move
Harish V. Nair        Last Updated: September 16, 2014  | 16:58 IST
Travel agents are upset over the scheme that cuts down their business.
A scheme launched in this year's budget by railways to establish computerised ticketing centres run by agents across the country through public private partnership was on Monday challenged in the Supreme Court.
The railways had brought about the idea of - Yatri Ticket Suvidha Kendra - after putting to end bookings by around 1,500 authorised agents who were banned from entry into computerised reservation centres of the railways since May 28 this year on the ground that "the way they operated in the premises of the reservation centres was bringing disrepute to the railways".
A bench headed by Justice A. R. Dave has issued notice to the Centre, Railways and the IRCTC on the plea filed by the Rai Travelers Service Agents.
"The new scheme is against an order of the Supreme Court in 1985 whereby they appointed Rail Travelers Service Agents. The government could not have done this without seeking a modification order from the Supreme Court,"said Dinanath Mehrotra, President of the East India Traveller Agents Association.
Mehrotra said the main bone of contention was that "each agent should have office premises outside railway stations or existing reservation centres equipped with adequate infrastructure.
Such premises need to be properly maintained with adequate conveniences and amenities in the vicinity so as to accommodate visit of sufficient number of customers, which was a very costly proposition".The agents are also opposed to the "exorbitant" one-time non-refundable registration fee of Rs 5 Lakh the Railways is asking each one of them to pay on allotment of license.
"Each one of the agent cater to around 500-600 passengers per day, and as many as 25,000 to 30,000 employees are working for these authorised agents across the country.We are doing a great service to those who are unable to stand in the queue and book their tickets . The RTSAs earlier had separate counters at all the Computerised Reservation Centres. Suddenly they banned our entry and now ask us to set up offices outside railway premises. This is injustice," says Mehrotra.

Publicis retains Lvy as board expands© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6ef53dc0-3d7a-11e4-8797-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India-China relations go beyond plain arithmeticIndia-China relations go beyond 'plain arithmetic', says PM Modi
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 16, 2014  | 18:27 IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi (Photo: Reuters)
As Chinese President Xi Jinping embarks on a landmark visit to India, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday said the relationship between the two countries goes beyond "plain arithmetic" and he was confident that the neighbours can "script history" by enhancing cooperation.
Reflecting the importance India attaches to the visit, the Prime Minister said India and China have a "unique chemistry" that can make for a defining moment and create a bright future for the entire mankind.
He summarised the possibilities of the bilateral ties moving ahead as 'Inch' meaning India and China towards Miles - Millennium of Exceptional Synergy - and said every inch both cover can "rewrite history" of humanity and every mile crossed will go a long way in making the planet a better place.
"India and China are bound by history, connected by culture, and inspired by rich traditions. Together they can create a bright future for the entire mankind," Modi told Chinese journalists based in the national capital.
Elaborating on the nature of the relationship, he said, "The arithmetic and chemistry of our relations convince me that together we can script history and create a better tomorrow for all of mankind."
Xi will arrive at Ahmedabad on Wednesday on a three-day visit to India which will be the third by any Chinese President to India. President Hu Jintao had visited India in 2006 and Jiang Zemin in 1996.
Referring to the large population base of India and China, the Prime Minister said that when India and China gain, almost 35 per cent of the world's population benefits.
He said when India and China strengthen relations, almost 35 per cent of the world's people come closer and when the economic cooperation increases, lives of almost 35 per cent of the world's population undergoes qualitative changes.
Modi hoped that India and China together cover several miles and said several miles that take not only the two nations forward but also all of Asia and humankind towards the path of progress and harmony.
The two leaders will hold talks on two occasions - first when the Prime Minister will host a private dinner for the visiting dignitary after his arrival in Ahmedabad on September 17 and then in New Delhi on September 18 in restricted and delegation-level format.
In response to a question on how he foresees India and China relations developing, Modi explained that the ties go beyond plain arithmetic. They have a unique chemistry that can make for a defining moment.
Modi will welcome the Chinese President, accompanied by a high-level delegation including two senior members of Politburo and the Chinese Commerce Minister, at his hotel in Ahmedabad.
Xi is expected to announce investments to the tune of billions of dollars in India's railway, manufacturing and infrastructure projects.
China's foreign exchange reserves, the largest in the world, reached a record US $3.95 trillion in March and it plans to invest around US $500 billion overseas in the next five years, a share of which is expected to find India's way.
With growing Outbound Direct Investment (ODI) which crossed US $90 billion in 2013, China's investments in India, which so far remained a paltry US $400 million, mostly in Gujarat, are now expected to surpass Japan's.
On Monday, the government had said it expects that the visit will address the "interests and concerns" of the two countries and that "all substantive" issues having bearing on the ties including the boundary dispute will be discussed.
The 60-year-old Xi, who took over as the head of the ruling Communist Party in 2012 and President and military chief in March last year, had been sending clear signals of boosting bilateral relations with India.

Indian Oil Cuts Refinery Output as Rains Hit Fuel Demand: ReportApple $450 Million E-book Settlement Gets Final Court Approval
New Delhi: Indian Oil Corp, the country's biggest refiner, has cut throughput at five key plants after heavy rains curbed demand for diesel in northern and eastern India, a company source with direct knowledge of its operations said.
A late revival of monsoon rains this month has alleviated power shortages thanks to improved hydroelectric supply, reducing demand to run generators needed to keep the lights on or use diesel pumps to irrigate crops. Devastating flooding has also hit fuel demand in Kashmir.
Diesel accounts for over 40 per cent of refined fuels consumed in India, but demand growth has weakened, in part due to sustained price rises.
Diesel demand grew by just 1.7 per cent in April-July, the first four months of this fiscal year, after contracting last year for the first time in more than a decade.
"We have cut throughput of our Mathura, Barauni, Koyali, Haldia and Panipat refineries due to low demand for fuels," the source told Reuters on condition of anonymity.
Indian Oil and subsidiary Chennai Petroleum Corp together control about a third of the country's 4.3 million barrel per day (bpd) refining capacity.
The five refineries account for about 93 per cent of IOC's directly owned 1.08 million bpd of crude processing capacity.
A sustained rise in diesel prices has steered industrial consumers to alternate fuels and led to a rise in sales of gasoline-powered vehicles. During the monsoon season industrial activity slows, putting further pressure on local diesel demand.
"We have to cut runs," the source said. "Product is not getting lifted, there is no demand, our inventory is full and we cannot export product as these are landlocked refineries."
IOC is operating its 120,000 barrel-per-day Barauni refinery in Bihar at half-capacity as it has shut two crude units at the plant, the source said.
"The other four refineries are operating at about 80 per cent capacity," the source said, adding the 150,000 bpd coastal refinery at Haldia in eastern India is facing a problem with a lack of storage space for diesel and bitumen.
IOC's fuel depot at Dumad area in flood-hit Gujarat is under water and storage tanks are full, forcing the refiner to cut runs at its 274,000 bpd plant, the source said.
Sanjiv Singh, head of refineries at IOC, confirmed cuts to throughput at a few refineries, but said the impact was temporary and seasonal.
"This year it got worse and (more) visible because of the delayed monsoon, and heavy rains are confined to a shorter duration. The situation will be shortly improved," Mr Singh said.
He added IOC was "using this opportunity to carry out maintenance work".
Officials at other state refiners including Bharat Petroleum Corp, Hindustan Petroleum Corp, Chennai Petroleum Corp and Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals said there were normal operations at their plants, as they are mainly on the coast.
BPCL offered its first Euro III diesel export cargoes, which had been meant for domestic use, last week as the domestic inventory is at high levels due to lower demand.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

KKR sounds out DJ equipment makerKKR sounds out DJ equipment maker
By Robert Cookson, Digital Media Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ac7745b6-3d94-11e4-b782-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tyre Industry to Grow at 8% in FY15: IcraYou are here: Home Industries
Icra Pegs Tyre Industry to Grow at 8 Per Cent in FY15
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 16, 2014 21:15 (IST)
Indian E-commerce Market to Hit $15 Billion in 2 Years: Google
Chennai: Rating agency Icra has pegged the domestic tyre industry to grow 8 per cent to Rs 49,300 crore during the ongoing financial year (2014-15).
"For 2014-15, ICRA expects the domestic tyre industry to grow by eight per cent to Rs 493 billion, supported by six per cent domestic volume growth, even as falling raw material prices would pressure tyre companies to pass these benefits in replacement market," the rating agency said in a statement.
The decline in natural rubber and crude oil prices would provide the requisite headroom for passing on some benefits to the consumers, it said.
Despite the pressure on realisations, for 2014-15, Icra expects "significantly" softer natural rubber prices to trickle down into margins, leading to stable and high operating margins, it said.
Tyre demand in 2013-14 estimated to have grown by a muted 1 per cent supported by two wheeler and tractor segments, even as demand from light commercial vehicle and passenger vehicle segments "faltered".
Icra expects demand for tyres to grow by 6 to eight per cent during 2014-15, contributed by truck and bus, passenger vehicle and scooter segments.
The replacement market is also expected to see demand for trucks and bus as the economic activity revives, it said.
On exports, the agency said in 2013-14 it grew by 7.5 per cent largely due to weak rupee and weaker offtake from importers like Brazil, the UAE and Philippines.
In the first quarter of this fiscal year, Icra said tyre exports in value terms was expected to remain flat due to persisting weak demand and stable currency movements.
"As demand catches up over the next 18-24 months, input costs are expected to go up, globally", it said.
Story first published on: September 16, 2014 19:35 (IST)

Point of Sale Cash Withdrawal Limit Should be Raised to Rs 5 000: SBIApple $450 Million E-book Settlement Gets Final Court Approval
Mumbai: State Bank of India (SBI), the country's largest lender, said it has written to the Reserve Bank (RBI) to increase the daily cash withdrawal limit from merchant outlets having point-of-sale (POS) machines to Rs 5,000.
Point-of-sale terminals help in carrying out cashless transactions at merchant outlets by swiping credit/ debit cards on the POS machine.
Under this cash withdrawal facility, a customer can walk into a merchant establishment and withdraw cash using his secret PIN as is done at an ATM. This facility is also aimed at reducing the cash management hassles for merchants, who may not be able to go to a bank for depositing their collections. Banks charge a fee for the cash withdrawal at POS terminals, a part of which is paid to the merchant outlets. The facility is available irrespective of whether the card holder makes a purchase or not.
In 2009, the RBI had permitted cash withdrawals at point-of-sale terminals through debit cards as a step towards enhancing the customer convenience in using the plastic money. Last year, the RBI had allowed cash withdrawals through prepaid cards, including gift cards.
"We have requested the Reserve Bank of India (SBI) to increase this limit from Rs 1,000 to Rs 5,000. It is under their consideration," said SBI deputy managing director (corporate strategy and new businesses) S K Mishra.
The average ticket size for an ATM transaction is Rs 3,654 so majority of transactions would be covered through cash out at such micro-ATMs if the limit is raised, he added.
Mr Mishra also said SBI is that half of its 1.60 lakh POS machines have this money-withdrawal facility.
Mr Mishra said the bank is targeting to take the number of POS machines to 2.50 lakh by the FY15-end. At present, total number of POS machines in India stands at 11 lakh, RBI Deputy Governor H R Khan said.
Story first published on: September 23, 2014 09:12 (IST)

India Starts to Develop Yield Curve as Trading Shifts From 10-Year BondsIFC Sells Rupee Bonds, Raises Rs 1,000 Crore for Axis Bank
Mumbai: Government bond markets are experiencing a rare sight: a yield curve driven by strong investor buying in maturities other than the traditional benchmark 10-year government bond.
Driving the buying in non-10-year Indian debt is the prospects of an economic recovery and a commitment by the Governor of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), Raghuram Rajan, to lower inflation.
But whether this trend continues will depend on the apex bank - how it chooses to raise debt to fund the country's fiscal deficit, analysts say.
The RBI will have to nurture the market by issuing debt strategically to build liquidity outside of the 10-year bond.
Ten-year bonds have long been the easiest for the RBI to sell because they are popular with banks due to higher liquidity and their ease of trading.
Demand for Indian bonds has been strong this year among foreign investors, attracted by the higher returns on Indian bonds against other emerging market counterparts and US bonds. A lower current account deficit and stabilising economic fundamentals have also underpinned interest in India's sovereign bonds.
Market conviction that Mr Rajan will succeed in reducing consumer inflation to 6 per cent by January 2016 from 7.8 per cent in August has sparked a rally in 10-year government bonds, pushing yields down 35 basis points this year.
The rally in the benchmark, however, has made it too expensive for many investors who have shifted into other tenors.
Demand for longer-dated bonds maturing 2028 issued in May and shorter-dated 2020 bonds issued in June, has helped to create a yield curve.
Trade in 14-year bonds totalled Rs 2.44 lakh crore ($40.14 billion) as of the end of August, making it the third-most traded debt over the past few months, data from the Clearing Corp of India showed. In unusual activity, the 14-year bond saw more trading action than the 10-year bond on some days.
Rising expectations the apex bank may cut interest rates next year as inflation wanes are supporting demand for bonds. Foreign financial institutions have bought a net $18.7 billion in debt compared with $14.2 billion in equities so far this calendar year, regulatory data shows.
Still, some analysts are sceptical the RBI will help develop the curve as it has seldom tried to do this even though it could deepen debt markets, lower funding costs and provide a useful pricing benchmark for Indian companies' own fund-raising.
"The yield curve surely needs to develop more; liquidity across securities needs to increase. It is going to be a medium-term process, but the RBI issuing more benchmark tenors is useful," said Kumar Rachapudi, senior rates strategist at ANZ in Singapore.
The Indian yield curve has more room to develop because, unlike curves in more developed economies, there is very little trading in debt longer than 15 years.
The government needs to raise a hefty Rs 6 lakh crore ($98.2 billion) by March 2015, more than the Rs 5.6 lakh crore raised the previous year. The RBI, who acts on behalf of the government, might be tempted to fall back on its familiar strategy of issuing heavily in tenors up to 14 years.
"The RBI has to offer bonds that sell. They can choose to experiment in an attempt to develop the yield curve but they have to cover the government's borrowing needs," said Piyush Wadhwa, head of trading at IDFC Ltd in Mumbai.
($1 = 61.1300 rupees)

Modis Man of the Match Amit Shah fails to score this time aroundModi’s Man of the Match Amit Shah fails to score this time around
Kumar Uttam , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 17, 2014
First Published: 00:52 IST(17/9/2014) | Last Updated: 09:49 IST(17/9/2014)
Comments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi called him the Man of the Match for engineering the Bharatiya Janata Party’s spectacular victory in the Lok Sabha polls. But assembly by-elections have turned out to be a vastly different ballgame for BJP president Amit Shah with his party suffering setbacks on Tuesday – the third such instance in about two months after disappointing performances in Uttarakhand and Bihar. 
 
Although the BJP put up a good show in West Bengal and Assam, the losses elsewhere allowed certain critics within the party to raise their voices. Senior leader Shatrughan Sinha, who failed to make it to the Union cabinet, called for serious introspection and said that the absence of veterans was probably hurting the party, sources said.
 
Other BJP leaders, however, dismissed this criticism saying that the results were not a reflection on Shah’s proven acumen as a strategist and will have no bearing on his stature or authority in the party. “These elections were not for change. We will win Maharashtra and Haryana. We will learn from these results and correct our mistakes,” said party secretary Shrikant Sharma.
 
What went wrong, though, was the perceived marginalisation of some satraps in Uttar Pradesh, mostly from the influential upper castes, and the fallout could not be contained despite the intervention of the RSS leadership, said sources.
 
The sidelining of leaders like Rajnath Singh and Varun Gandhi, for instance, did not go down well with their supporters. Gandhi, the BJP’s young face from UP, was unceremoniously dropped by Shah from his team, and his supporters turned cold this time. Similarly, rumours about the Prime Minister pulling up Singh’s son for some alleged misconduct made headlines in the media, antagonising the home minister and his associates.
 
Supporters of Kunwar Sarvesh Kumar Singh, the Moradabad MP who vacated the Thakurdwara seat, did not campaign for the party after his son was denied an assembly ticket.
 
The BJP did not showcase Narendra Modi’s development agenda or highlight the Akhilesh Yadav government’s failures in UP. The party focused on projecting Yogi Adityanath as its face in the campaign, allowing the so-called love jihad controversy to fester. This strategy backfired, said insiders.

Buy Power Finance Corp  REC Today: Sanjeev BhasinSensex, Nifty Hit Record; Banks Surge on Kotak-ING Deal
The Nifty is likely to find support at around 7900 and rebound after seeing almost free-fall in last two sessions. Global market rebound will improve sentiment as Asian markets are strong after Dow Jones saw triple-digit rally ahead of the Federal Reserve meet today.
Negative foreign flows indicate ETF (exchange traded funds) selling ahead of the Federal Reserve meet and is expected to weigh on the rupee. Also the results of the Assembly elections which saw the ruling BJP do poorly weakened sentiment, further accentuating the sell-off.
For today we are suggesting 2 buy calls for next 3 days as trade cum investment for next 1 month:
Buy REC: 269-272, stop loss 260, target 292
Buy PFC: 248-252, stop loss 240, target 272
We also suggest booking profit in our option strategy suggested on the 4th September
Option:
Buy 8000 put at 48-55, stop loss 24, target 100
Book Profit at 80-85
We did close all our previous trades as under:
Buy Union bank: 218-220, stop loss 214, target 236, stop loss (-2.5%)
Buy Bank of Baroda: 947-950, stop loss 932, target 987, stop loss (-2%)
Sell Tata Motors: 510-515, stop loss 525, target 492, target met (+3%)
Sell Tata Power: 89-91, stop loss 94, target 85, target met & exceeded (+6%)
Sell L&T: 1575-1585, stop loss 1610, target 1532, target met & exceeded (+4%)
Sell Reliance Infra: 685-695, stop loss 707, target 662, target met & exceeded (+6%)
Net gains: 13-14%

China stimulus reports boost Asia boursesDollar rises sharply after Fed statement
By Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8a4091b0-3e1a-11e4-b782-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Jadavpur University molestation case: Students hold protest  35 heldCops rough up agitating Jadavpur varsity students
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Kolkata, September 17, 2014
First Published: 09:10 IST(17/9/2014) | Last Updated: 02:31 IST(18/9/2014)
Comments
The Jadavpur University campus turned into a battlefield with police descending on agitating students at the dead of Tuesday night, triggering extensive protest that snowballed into a massive rally on Wednesday afternoon. Even a section of the teachers joined the students to demand the removal of the vice chancellor who had asked for police help compounding an ongoing problem.
On Tuesday night blows, kicks and lathis rained freely on agitating students who had gheraoed VC, Abhijit Chakravarty, demanding drawing up a new committee to examine the allegation of sexual assault on a student of BA second year (history).
Female students, too, were not spared. Many alleged molestation by outsiders who sneaked in with police. Police also arrested 35 students from the spot. Five injured students were hospitalized at the neighbouring KPC Hospital.
The VC claimed the students would have killed him if the police did not arrive.
“This incident is comparable with the lathicharge on Mamata Banerjee and land agitators during her gherao of Singur BDO office on September 25, 2006,” said Tania Sarkar, an MA first year student. “Now, Mamata’s police is doing the same,” she rued.
CPI(M) put up a road blockade outside the campus in the afternoon. In the evening, students took out a rally as well.

PBoC injects $81bn into banking systemPBoC to inject $81bn into China’s banking system
By Jamil Anderlini in Beijing and Josh Noble in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/105c47ee-3e11-11e4-b175-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Shilpa Shetty: I am a big solitaire fan“I love jewellery and I can't step out without having one on my body," Shilpa told IANS. (Source: Twitter)
Indo-Asian News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 17, 2014 9:29 am
Bollywood actress-producer and entrepreneur Shilpa Shetty says she can’t step out without a piece of jewellery or accessory, especially a solitaire.
“I love jewellery and I can’t step out without having one on my body,” Shilpa told IANS.
“I am a big solitaire fan and I feel that goes with every look of mine. Whether it’s western wear or Indian wear, a solitaire with earrings is good to go,” added the actress. She was talking on the sidelines of the launch of Anmol jewellery store in the capital Tuesday.
Looking pretty in a pre-stitched sari and full sleeves black blouse by designer Masaba Gupta, she accentuated her look with an elegant neck piece.
Wife of businessman Raj Kundra and mother of two-year-old son Viaan, Shilpa looked like a diva in her hourglass figure and inimitable smile.
The actress doled out tips on how to choose the right jewellery for the festive season.
“Make sure that the piece is not heavy, but still oozes out glamour. Choose jewellery according to your body type rather than going with other’s opinions,” she said.
Anmol Jewellers newly opened store is located in Greater Kailash market.

The new iPhone reviews are inand theyre still iPhones  only biggerDan Frommer @fromedome
September 17, 2014
The first iPhone 6 and 6 Plus reviews from sites that received phones early from Apple went up today. As is typical, they’re generally very positive, if unimaginative—Apple makes good phones! They also try to answer this week’s big question: Should you buy the iPhone 6 or the larger 6 Plus?
iPhone 6 (4.7-inch screen)
The iPhone 6 is “the best smartphone on the market,” according to Re/Code’s Walt Mossberg , who nevertheless shattered his review unit’s screen by dropping it onto the driveway. (So that problem isn’t fixed yet.) Mossberg says the new display looks great but the new, smooth back can feel a bit slippery. And the battery life is better.
The iPhone 6 is “the most comfortable smartphone I’ve ever held,” the WSJ’s Geoffrey Fowler says . He notes that the battery “proved mediocre” at full brightness and wishes Apple made its phone thicker to hold a larger battery.
It’s begging for a case, The Verge’s David Pierce writes . “It helps obscure the unsightly plastic strips, it make the otherwise slick phone a little easier to grip, and it compensates for the awkwardly protruding camera lens on the back, which prevents the phone from sitting flat on a table.”
Pierce is also crazy about the phone’s new slow-motion video feature: “at 240 fps even the most mundane activity becomes awesomely cinematic.”
Battery life was also an issue for Joshua Topolsky, now reviewing at Bloomberg : “I experienced several days during the review period where I barely made it to the charger before the phone lost power.”
iPhone 6 Plus (5.5-inch screen)
“The iPhone 6 Plus isn’t beautiful,” says The Verge’s Nilay Patel , who informs us immediately that he has big hands. But, he says, “I consistently got about two days of battery life from the 6 Plus in regular daily use.” (The iPhone Plus has room for a larger battery than its slightly more petite sibling.) And he’s sold: “I’m going to buy an iPhone 6 Plus. I’m taken with it; it feels like an entirely new kind of device for Apple, and it has such a killer camera I can’t say no.”
“It didn’t fit well in pockets,” writes Re/Code’s Lauren Goode , who also dropped her phone while hiking. “And it was too big to hold in my hand, or even wear on my arm, during fitness activities.”
Goode also reports good battery life. “In my tests, which involved setting the display brightness to 50 percent and cycling through my regular routine of apps and phone calls, the iPhone 6 Plus would last from early one morning until evening the following day.”
“I found the iPhone 6 Plus too large and unwieldy to use as my daily driver,” says Bloomberg’s Topolsky.
Yahoo’s David Pogue blew up a watermelon in his review. He made a typically goofy video  that does a nice job showing off the iPhone 6 Plus’s image stabilizer and slow-motion feature.
Share this:

Modi s dilemma on hindutva vs growthSreenivasan Jain| The price of silence at the top: Modi's dilemma
Sreenivasan Jain |  Sep 17, 2014 10:00 AM IST
By the time this column goes to print, we will be five days past an impassioned demand by Fali Nariman, in a speech before the National Commission for Minorities, for those at the top (of this government and the ruling party) to speak up against the "recurrent instances of religious tension fanned by fanaticism and hate-speeches", which are straining the "the Hindu tradition of tolerance". Actually, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) brass - barring, notably, the prime minister - hasn't been entirely silent during this season of intemperance. Last week, the BJP president told the Economic Times that "love jihad" was simultaneously a "media creation" and a "grave social problem". A day later, the home minister in response to a question at a press conference, said: "What is this (love jihad)? Can you define it?" keeping alive the pot of ambiguity around a subject that deserves nothing less than unqualified debunking.
By contrast, the only decisive intervention on the subject I have heard from anyone close to the ruling establishment is from Zafar Sareshwala, the Ahmedabad- and Mumbai-based businessman best known as the first staunch Muslim defender of Narendra Modi. Sareshwala called me last week after seeing our reports on the Sangh Parivar-driven anti-"love jihad" campaign in Western Uttar Pradesh, saying he was agitated by such communal nonsense (or words to that effect), which had "no place" in the agenda outlined by the prime minister. He said that the only reason why the BJP swept the 2014 polls was because liberal Hindus voted for Modi's pro-governance thrust, but that if the BJP goes back to regressive, polarising issues like "love jihad", they will abandon the party in droves. He would go on to make the same point on numerous TV panels in the course of the week.
Sareshwala is, of course, not a formal member of the BJP, but his proximity to Modi is so widely known that it is sometimes assumed that on occasion he speaks with Modi's sanction. Not entirely, it appears, in this case. In our conversation, Sareshwala said he had raised these concerns with the prime minister on the Japan trip, where he had travelled as part of the business delegation. He claimed Modi expressed distaste at the Adityanath brand of politics. When I called him a few days later to clarify the prime minister's exact words on the subject, Sareshwala said he had, not, in fact, directly broached the issue on the Japan trip. He said he brought up hate-mongering by the likes of the BJP's Giriraj Singh during the 2014 Lok Sabha campaign, asking Modi if he, Sareshwala, could "hammer these fellows" in public debates. (Singh, the BJP candidate from Bihar had urged Modi critics to "go to Pakistan".) Modi apparently gave him the go-ahead, even urging Sareshwala to ascribe the disapproval to him. "Look at where all of them are now", said Sareshwala. "Where is Giriraj Singh? Where is Subramanian Swamy? Where is Pravin Togadia (the Vishva Hindu Parishad or VHP firebrand from Gujarat)? If the media ignores the likes of Yogi Adityanath, (the BJP's MP from Gorakhpur who now faces an Election Commission-ordered FIR for his incendiary comments), they will vanish from the scene, just as Modi has silenced other extremists in the past."
I put it to him that the media, in fact, rarely gave airtime to Adityanath until the BJP high command made him one of the party's lead campaigners for the recently concluded Uttar Pradesh by-polls, just as the party has chosen to reward riot-accused MLAs and MPs. For instance, Sanjeev Baliyan, the Muzaffarnagar MP is the junior agriculture minister in Modi's Cabinet. It was hardly possible that the prime minister would be unaware of these decisions or their repercussions, especially when linked to as politically sensitive a region as Uttar Pradesh. As for the Togadia analogy, I reminded Sareshwala that the VHP firebrand was only rendered irrelevant after a very clear, concerted signal from Modi as chief minister.
And yet, Sareshwala (understandably, given where his loyalties lie) ring-fenced the prime minister from responsibility, claiming that a section of the BJP continued to work against Modi, and was intent on pulling him down. But he did concede that if the Big Man did not step in soon, things will unravel. This sentiment was expressed with a certain pragmatism that perhaps might speak to those currently in power more than the moral imperative of tolerance outlined in the Nariman speech. As Sareshwala put it: "Why do you think Modi held Vibrant Gujarat immediately after the 2002 riots? Yes, a lot of damage was done to Muslims during the riots (Sareshwala's family-run factory, manufacturing industrial valves, was burnt down). But the longer-term impact was on Hindu-run businesses. Not a single businessman wanted to come to Gujarat."
The same, he warned, will happen to India's biggest state if the Adityanath's are not reined in. "Do you think Adani or Ambani will ever put up a plant in Uttar Pradesh? They will run away."
The writer anchors the ground reportage show Truth vs Hype on NDTV 24X7

This Chennai startup thinks the first click for an e-commerce purchase will soon be on a cameraMade in India
September 17, 2014
When Ashwini Asokan and Anand Chandrasekaran moved back to India about a year ago, the couple had a singular obsession—how to make machines more useful by making them a bit more human.
“The idea was to make devices smarter by giving them the ability to see,” said Asokan, a Carnegie Mellon graduate who had previously worked on user experience and interaction at Intel.
So, along with Chandrasekaran, an IIT-Madras engineer with post doctoral experience at Stanford University, Asokan setup their own firm, Mad Street Den, with an initial capital of $50,000.
At the heart of the startup is a cloud-based platform, MADstack, which can be incorporated into applications under development or even existing products, which need a dose of artificial intelligence.
That means a mobile phone camera can be harnessed to detect different parts of your face, picking up on gestures like moving your head from side to side and even expressions and emotions.
But what is most useful—and perhaps, most lucrative—for India’s fast-growing e-commerce market is its ability to recognize objects.
“If someone takes a picture of a top, our platform can help identify different things about the top, like if its pink, what kind of cut and design it has and then our technology will pick up the closest match on an e-commerce site,” Asokan explained.
For an e-commerce industry that’s  projected to grow from $10 billion to over $40 billion in five years, and already has 11 categories and 42 players, Mad Street Den’s offering could be disruptive in a market that needs  differentiation . Any app developer could make an app with Mad Street Den’s technology powering its back-end.
Brick and mortar retailers, already frustrated by customers walking into their shops to look and feel products only to later order them online, will resent this platform if it were to come into widespread use.
An undisclosed Indian e-commerce platform is their first customer, which is likely to launch their object recognition feature in October. Besides e-commerce, the startup is also looking to focus on gaming, social media and analytics.
But none of this is exactly new. ‘Mobile image recognition’ has been identified as a potential game changer for sometime now, and global e-commerce players like Amazon and Ebay already offer similar applications.
Mad Street Den’s pitch for their own technology is straightforward. Instead of multiple pieces of infrastructure for different functions, their MADstack platform offers one common solution. It helps that it also requires low computing power and has scalability across devices.
And more importantly, the founders claim, it could have significant commercial potential simply because the most basic component of the platform is something that users are already doing—and willingly.
“People are used to taking pictures of things they like using their camera,” Asokan said. “Unlike wearable technology, this doesn’t need a change in behaviour for users.”
This article is a part of Quartz India. For more, follow this link.
Share this:

Tata group stocks in focus; Tata Power up 2%Tata group stocks in focus; Tata Power up 2%
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 17, 2014 10:31 AM IST
Shares of Tata group are witnessing an upsurge in the early trades and have gained between 1-2% on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).
 
Shares of Tata Power have rebound in today’s trade and is up 2% after showing a sharp declination in the recent past after a massive power failure in Mumbai on September 2 due to technical snags at Tata Power’s 500-Mw Trombay plant occurred. Concerned over the outage, the state government had asked the committee to look into the causes and recommend short and long-term measures to prevent recurrence.
 
Meanwhile, Tata Steel which plunged nearly 2% on weak Chinese economic data has gained nearly 1% in the early morning trades. The industrial output of China rose 6.9% in August from a year earlier - the lowest since 2008 when the economy was buffeted by the global financial crisis - compared with expectations for 8.8% and slowing sharply from 9.0% in July.
 
Also, Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) has appreciated by nearly 1% on upbeat US economic data that indicated growth in the world's largest economy is gaining momentum.
 
At 10.20 AM, benchmark index Sensex is trading at 26,661 levels up by 169 points or 0.64%. 
 

Pop-up ads that follow you a Rs 2000 cr biz | China-made SIMs major worry for NSAconsumer profile
(Welcome to ‘programmatic’,…)
MUMBAI: It follows you in less than 100 milliseconds, it's created via a process that mimics super-fast, automated stock market trading — and this global phenomenon has arrived in India big time.
Welcome to 'programmatic', a trade jargon that means web ads that feed off your consumer profile and follow you as you surf — within 100 milliseconds of your exiting an e-commerce site.
This is how it works as you surf: Say, you are mulling over a pair of pink trousers in an e-commerce site, you don't buy it, but as you exit, following you in seconds is a pop-up ad extolling pink trousers, never mind that you may now be immersed in, say, a philosophy journal's website.
Programmatic buying is huge in the US, a $7.4-billion annual business. In India, it's already worth around Rs 2,000 crore, about two-thirds of the annual Rs 3,500-crore digital advertising spend.
Digital ad spend, trade pundits say, is headed for 30-35% annual growth and programmatic buying will account for a large share. Real-time consumer tracking has already pushed traditional online ad placements to second position in India because it gets more people to buy.
E-com
merce executives say the click rate and conversion rate (proportion of people who buy after clicking on an ad), are roughly 10% and 25%, respectively for programmatic buying. For plain vanilla online ads, the figures are around 1% and 5%. That's a huge difference. Programmatic buying is way more complicated than placing ads on web sites. It involves trading desks and auctions, all happening in super quick time.
The online merchant uses a mapping software to create a profile based on your e-commerce browsing in the site. That profile goes to one of the many Ad Exchanges, technology platforms allowing buying and selling of space online. Google, unsurprisingly, runs the biggest exchange. Many others, including Facebook, operates them too.
Ad exchanges then call for bids from agencies that do programmatic buying. Trading desks in these agencies use an online tool to bid and if successful, buy online space. This tool is fed with the client's product/service profile as well as data on cost effectiveness. Bidding for customer profile and buying of online space are automated, super-quick processes - and it happens 24x7.
Managing Partner, GroupM, Interaction South Asia, Tushar Vyas likens it to stock market trading. GroupM's Xaxis, Omnicom's Accuen and Publicis's Vivaki are the largest agency trading desks in India for programmatic buying. But it's IPG's Cadreon, launched in October 2013, that's the hottest player. Trading desks employ 6-10 people with "a good understanding of technology involved", as CEO, Mediabrands Audience Platform, Amardeep Singh says.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Deals gone bad! Top 10 cases where foreign M&As have destroyed shareholder wealthYou are here: Home > Collections > Diageo
Ten cases where foreign M&As have destroyed wealth
ET Bureau Sep 17, 2014, 10.53AM IST
Tags:
M&As
(Most of India Inc’s big-ticket…)
Mumbai: To achieve scale, companies have to step outside and expand. But doing so may not necessarily add to shareholders' wealth: India Inc has hardly been able to create value for its shareholders through its inorganic expansion abroad.
Most of India Inc's big-ticket overseas acquisitions in the past five to seven years have, in fact, corroded wealth. The reasons for this range from high leverage taken to acquire a company, adverse changes in business cycle, or simply, failure to turn around a loss-making unit.
Tata Steel-Corus
Tata Steel acquired Corus, four times its size, for $12.04 billion in 2006. The valuation was more than one- and-a half times its initial offer and was paid mainly through debt.
Eight years down the line, Corus hasn't contributed much to Tata Steel's earnings. The European business was loss-making till FY13 and has not yet shown strong signs of a turn around.
Hindalco-Novelis
Hindalco acquired Canadian company Novelis for $6 billion in 2007, making the combined entity the world's largest rolled-aluminium producer.
However, the high leverage, resulting from the acquisition and the slowdown in aluminium demand, post acquisition, have led to the company's stock stagnating at the same level, adding nothing to its value.
United Spirits (USL) - Whyte & Mackay
USL had acquired UK-based Whyte & Mackay in 2007 for close to 540 million pounds with funds raised through foreign currency debt. USL, in turn, was acquired in November 2012 by Diageo, which had to sell Whyte & Mackay in May 2014 to avoid competition regulations in Europe.
The sale fetched 430 million pounds, much less than what USL had spent to acquire it. Diageo, thereby, reported Rs 4,321.6 crore as goodwill impairment in USL's books for FY14. The stock has fallen by 18 per cent since April 2014.
Indian Hotels - Acquisitions
In the past five years, India's largest hospitality company Indian Hotels' consolidated operations have been impacted due to its loss-making international operations as the company has not been able to increase its average room rates of these properties.
For instance, the average room rate of the company's property in Boston (Taj Boston) has been almost flat in the past one year ($272). Consequently, its consolidated losses have grown to Rs 523 crore from Rs 122 crore in the past five years ending FY14.
Tata Chemicals
Tata Chemicals' $1-billion acquisition of General Chemicals in 2008 to become the world's second largest soda ash player hasn't really brought much cheer to its shareholders so far, as the company's market capitalisation hasn't changed much since the acquisition in 2008.
The company suffered as its debt burden mounted with the steady depreciation of the rupee. In 2010, it also acquired British Salt for 93 million pounds, in addition to the acquisition of Rallis in India from other group companies. The company also took some write-downs in its overseas assets.
Renuka Sugars - Brazil Sugar Plants
Shree Renuka Sugars acquired two loss-making Brazilian sugar companies in FY10 in a debt-funded deal. The acquisition led to its debt bulging by more than five times by the end of FY12. The company was unable to turn around the units as global sugar prices remained subdued due to surplus production leading to lower realisations.
Besides, depreciation of the Brazilian real and the rupee meant higher interest outgo for dollar-denominated loans. To pare its debt, the company raised nearly $200 million by offering 27.5 per cent stake to Wilmar International.
Suzlon - REpower
Suzlon, the world's fifth largest wind turbine maker, continued to face challenging times after the debt-funded acquisition of Senvion (formerly known as REpower) in 2007. At the same time, its debt-servicing ability hit a wall after global demand environment collapsed due to the financial crisis.
An increase in its working capital requirement and debt on account of REpower acquisition led to its total debt increasing to Rs 17,053 crore at the end of FY14 compared with Rs 5,164 crore in FY07.
Fortis Health- Acquisitions
Between 2010 and 2013, Fortis Healthcare expanded inorganically, venturing into regions like Australia, New Zealand, Hong Kong, Vietnam, Singapore and Canada. The acquisitions strained its finances and increased interest cost on the debt pile, hurting its bottom line. A change in strategy — shifting focus from global expansion to the domestic market — helped the company return to the black.
It deleveraged itself by selling most of the foreign assets and raising funds through preferential allotment and institutional placement offering. The stock of Fortis Healthcare jumped over 10 per cent on Monday on news of the company divesting its Singapore-based diagnostics business.
Pharma - Overseas Acquisitions
European acquisitions made by domestic pharma companies like Dr Reddy's Labs acquiring German company Betapharm, and Wockhardt buying French firm Negma have yielded little for their shareholders. DRL had even listed its experience and learning from the Betapharm acquisition on its website.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jayalalithaa greets Modi on his 64th birthdayJayalalithaa greets Modi on his 64th birthday
PTI
Tweet
Chennai, Sept 17:  
Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa today greeted Prime Minister Narendra Modi on his 64th birthday wishing him many years of good health to serve the country.
“On the joyous occasion of your birthday, I would like to convey my felicitations to you and wish you many more happy returns of the day.”
“I pray that the Almighty may grant you many more years of good health to serve our nation,” Jayalalithaa said in her message to Modi.
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

Boeing  SpaceX win contracts to build  space taxis  for NASABoeing, SpaceX win contracts to build 'space taxis' for NASA
Reuters
Tweet
CAPE CANAVERAL/WASHINGTON, Sept 17:  
NASA will partner with Boeing and SpaceX to build commercially owned and operated "space taxis" to fly astronauts to the International Space Station, ending US dependence on Russia for rides, officials said on Tuesday.
The US space agency also considered a bid by privately owned Sierra Nevada Corp, but opted to award long-time aerospace contractor Boeing and California's SpaceX with contracts valued at a combined $6.8 billion to develop, certify and fly their seven-person capsules.
Boeing was awarded $4.2 billion to SpaceX's $2.6 billion. SpaceX is run by technology entrepreneur Elon Musk, also the CEO of electric car manufacturer Tesla Motors.
"SpaceX is deeply honoured by the trust NASA has placed in us," said Musk, a South Africa-born, Canadian American billionaire. "It is a vital step in a journey that will ultimately take us to the stars and make humanity a multi-planet species."
The awards position both Boeing and SpaceX to be ready for commercial flight services in 2017, said Kathy Leuders, manager for NASA's Commercial Crew program. She said both contracts have the same requirements.
"The companies proposed the value within which they were able to do the work and the government accepted that," Leuders told reporters in a conference call.
The contract has taken on new urgency given rising tensions between the United States and Russia over its annexation of the Crimea region of Ukraine and support for rebels in eastern Ukraine.
Boeing's CST-100 spaceship would launch aboard Atlas 5 rockets, built by United Launch Alliance, a partnership of Lockheed Martin Corp and Boeing. SpaceX, which already has a $1.3 billion NASA contract to fly cargo to the space station, intends to upgrade its Dragon freighter to carry astronauts.
NASA has said that in addition to test flights, the awards would include options for between two and six operational missions.
By flying astronauts commercially from the United States, NASA could end Russia's monopoly on space station crew transport. The agency pays $70 million per person for rides on Russian Soyuz capsules, the only flights available for astronauts since the retirement of the U.S. space shuttle fleet in 2011.
China, the only other country to fly people in orbit besides the United States and Russia, is not a member of the 15-nation space station partnership.
NASA has spent about $1.5 billion since 2010 investing in partner companies under its Commercial Crew program. Boeing and SpaceX have won most of NASA's development funds.
The Commercial Crew program is based on a public-private partnership that created two cargo lines to the station, a research laboratory that flies about 260 miles (418 km) above Earth.
In addition to SpaceX, NASA has a $1.9 billion contract with Orbital Sciences Corp for resupply missions.
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

is it or isnt it© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/1402ebb8-3e26-11e4-b175-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Moto G (2014) review: A good upgrade  but could we have gotmorePrint
The Moto G remains the best phone you can buy at Rs 13,000. It has got better, though you would have wanted it to have added more to the specs sheet.
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | New Delhi | Posted: September 17, 2014 11:44 am | Updated: September 17, 2014 7:13 pm
It is tough to improve something that is already good. That would have been the challenge faced by the people at Motorola when they started working on an update of their popular budget smartphone. But the fact that consumers had become more demanding and its rivals had become more magnanimous would have made life a bit simpler for them. Here is what they came up with in the second generation of Moto G.
Specs: 5-inch (720x1280p, 294 ppi) IPS panel | 1.2GHz quad-core Qualcomm MSM8226 Snapdragon 400 | 1GB RAM | 16GB internal memory, microSD slot (up to 32GB) | 8MP rear camera, 2MP front camera | 3G, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 4.0, microUSB | 2070mAh battery | Android 4.4.4 KitKat OS
Price: Rs. 12,999
Design
This is one area where it is hard to spot a change. But the phone has actually become taller and wider while adding a few grams thanks to the larger screen it packs now. However, the user experience from a design perspective remains the same.
Display
This is where the major change is as the phone now has a larger display, though with lesser pixel density than before. The HD screen is among the best in class and offer good viewing angles. The colours are deeper than normal and that adds a slightly different feel to the phone.
Performance
I was a bit surprised that Motorola did not really upgrade the processor and RAM with the new version. It seems they were pretty convinced that this was the best configuration for the price and I have to nod in agreement. The phone offers a smooth user experience all throughout with hardly any lag. It works like a well oiled machine and does not heat up when pushed to do more.
Camera
The phone now has an 8MP rear camera that offers good results. I tried to shoot some HDR images and the results were good though not stunning.
Even with low light shots, the performance was better than what you would get from other phones that cost this much. I got the feeling that the camera is a fraction slower now, especially when it is trying to focus.
Low light HDR image.
Storage
Moto G is now available only as a 16GB variant. Of the 16, you get to use about 11.5GB, so it might be a good idea to opt for a combo deal and get a good SD card when you buy this phone.
Connectivity
No issues with connectivity or network.
Battery
I actually used the phone for almost a day without even charging the Moto G. With a full charge and reduced screen brightness you will be able to squeeze out a full day with regular use.
Verdict
The Moto G remains the best phone you can buy at Rs 13,000. It has got better, though you would have wanted it to have added more to the specs sheet. But that hardly matters as this still offers an amazing user experience.

Fourth PK poster out now: Aamir Khan and Sanjay Dutt both as bandwaalasPrint
Aamir's tweet reads - 'This is my friend. His name is Bhairon, but I call him 'Bhaaya'."
Written by Sonal Gera , Edited by Sarika Sharma | New Delhi | Posted: September 17, 2014 11:42 am | Updated: September 17, 2014 11:44 am
Barely a day after the third motion poster of Aamir Khan’s ‘PK’ came out with Sanjay Dutt dressed as a ‘bandwaala’ and Aamir Khan in an over-sized military uniform. As a follow up to that, Aamir Khan tweeted the fourth poster of the movie.
The static poster has both the actors – Aamir Khan and Sanjay Dutt – dressed as ‘bandwaalas’. Aamir Khan’s tweet read: ‘This is my friend. His name is Bhairon, but I call him ‘Bhaaya’.”
Humra phiren… Ouka naam hai Bhairao, lekin hum ouka bulawat hai Bhaaya… pic.twitter.com/RmvJ9GZBkk
— Aamir Khan (@aamir_khan) September 17, 2014
The promotional strategy of the movie is proving to be quite beneficial as it has already generated a lot of interest and curiosity in the plot of the movie. There are six more posters that will be released in future.
‘PK’ also stars Anushka Sharma, Sushant Singh Rajput and Boman Irani. The movie is directed by Rajkumar Hirani and is slated to release on December 19.

Fed policy speculation lifts Sensex 133 points; IT  TECk stocks major gainersTweet
Mumbai, Sept 17:  
Sensex was up 139 points on the back of good demand for IT and capital goods stocks. The benchmark index opened on a positive note at 26,627 against the previous close of 26,493. It made a high of 26,683 and low of 26,512 before closing at 26,631.
The turnover on the BSE was down at Rs 3,898 crore against Rs 4,369 crore logged on Tuesday.
On the NSE, Nifty was up 43 per cent at 7,975.
Most cement stocks on the BSE gained on hopes that the demand will revive with the southwest monsoon receding slowly.
Among IT stocks, Infosys gained two per cent to Rs 3,740 as the company said during market hours that Japan’s leading retailer Muji has deployed its InteractEdge software which will provide superior shopping experience through real time insights into the buying behaviour of customers.
Tata Consultancy Services was up one per cent at Rs 2,588 while Wipro rose one per cent to Rs 567. Wipro said that the company's subsidiary Wipro Arabia has entered into a strategic partnership with Saudi-based Saudi Electricity Company, the largest power utility company in the Middle East serving about 5 million customers in Saudi Arabia. Tech Mahindra and HCL Techologies were up 0.24 per cent and one per cent at Rs 2,427 and Rs 1,626.
Capital goods stocks that gained include ABB (India) (up 6%), Bharat Heavy Electricals (up 2%), BEML (up 1%), Bharat Electronics (up 1.19%), Crompton Greaves (up 4%), L&T (up 0.25%), Punj Lloyd (up 0.26%) and Siemens (up 3%).
SAIL was down 2% to Rs 75.55 on unconfirmed news that the Government is likely to offer five per cent discount on stake sale slated between September 24 and 26.
Major gainers were Nalco (7%), ABB (6%), Pipava Dockyard (4%), Bajaj Fin Service (4%), Crompoten Greaves (4%), Infratel (4%), Andhra Bank (4%), J&K Bank (4%) and CESC (4%).
Prominent losers were Reliance Communication (-4%), Shriram City Union Finance (4%), IRB (-4%) and Indian Hotels (-3%).
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

Maruti s Mayank Pareek resigns  may join Tata MotorsMaruti Suzuki sales head Mayank Pareek resigns, may join Tata Motors
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 17, 2014  | 12:33 IST
Mayank Pareek (L), Maruti Suzuki India executive officer for marketing and sales, speaks with its Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer Shinzo Nakanishi during a news conference in New Delhi (Photo: Reuters)
Maruti Suzuki India 's (MSI) marketing and sales head Mayank Pareek has quit the company after nearly 20 years of service at the company.
While Pareek, who is designated Chief Operating Officer (marketing and sales), could not be reached for comments, according to people familiar with the development, he has put in papers to pursue 'better opportunities'.
The spokesperson for MSI, country's largest carmaker, declined to comment.
His sudden departure comes at a time when Maruti is gearing up to launch its premium sedan Ciaz in October. The company has been struggling to make its presence felt in the bigger car segment.
It is speculated that he may join homegrown auto major Tata Motors , which has been seeking a revival in fortunes in the passenger cars segment.
Besides the company chairman RC Bhargava, Pareek is the other Indian face of the company in which Japan's Suzuki Motor Corporation holds majority stake.
Pareek had successfully continued the rural drive of the company initiated by former Managing Director Jagdish Khattar.
He has been credited for keeping the company's sales counter ticking and increasing market share even when the Indian automobile market went on a slump in the last two years.

Deepika Padukone s  Finding Fanny  box office collections total 22.4 crE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Arnold Schwarzenegger inspired Vikrams character in I :ShankarVikram's character of a bodybuilder in upcoming film 'I', is inspired from how Hollywood star Arnold Schwarzenegger looked in his prime days, says Shankar, the director of Tamil magnum opus 'I'.
Indo-Asian News Service | Chennai | Posted: September 17, 2014 12:12 pm | Updated: September 17, 2014 2:27 pm
Tamil actor Vikram’s character of a bodybuilder in upcoming film ‘ I ‘, is inspired from how Hollywood star Arnold Schwarzenegger looked in his prime days, says Shankar, the director of Tamil magnum opus ‘I’ .
“In the film, Vikram plays a bodybuilder vying for the ‘Mr.Tamil Nadu’. When we were looking for inspiration for his character, we could only think of Arnold as he’s a bodybuilding legend. That’s how we designed Vikram’s character,” Shankar told IANS.
“ Vikram worked extremely hard for the role. We even managed to give him the curls Arnold sported as a young bodybuilder,” Shankar said.
While Vikram gained weight to play the bodybuilder, he lost considerable amount to play another important character in “I”.
Also starring Amy Jackson and Upen Patel in important roles, “I” is slated to release during the Diwali festive season.
Schwarzenegger was recently in Chennai for the film’s grand audio launch.

ISIS or ISIL or Islamic State: Where the name makes astatementPrint
An IS militant stands next to British hostage David Haines. whom they have allegedly executed.
Written by Abhimanyu Chakravorty | New Delhi | Posted: September 17, 2014 12:06 pm | Updated: September 17, 2014 3:04 pm
Four beheadings down, the Islamic State now threatened to kill another hostage from the United Kingdom after David Haines . The brutal videos are clearly a message to US allies and a direct challenge to American authority in the region.
While the outcry against the ISIS has been consistent across the globe, their name hasn’t. United States , the United Nations and some news media agencies refer to the jihadist group with the acronym ISIL, while others use either ISIS, IS or ISIL. But what’s in a name, we ask. Apparently, a lot.
The ‘L’ in ISIL stands for Levant, a translation of “al-Sham” – which is a historic region in the Eastern Mediterranean that includes Syria, Lebanon, Jordan, Israel and Cyprus. But Levant is not an accurate translation, say experts.
READ: After beheading, Cameron says: ‘They are not Muslims, they are monsters’
Al-Sham or Levant includes Palestinian territories, Jordan and Lebanon stretching from Turkey through Syria to Egypt, while ISIS only includes Syria and Iraq, say experts. But they call it IS because that’s what the group chooses to call itself in online videos.
The New York Times explained in one of their posts in June what the term al-Sham means. “Al-Sham is the classical Arabic term for Damascus and its hinterlands, and over time, it came to denote the area between the Mediterranean and the Euphrates, south of the Taurus Mountains and north of the Arabian desert,” the post said.
ISIL
The acronym ISIL stands for Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. The US, United Nations and some sections of the media use this term. According to the CNN, the US believes that ISIL has a larger connotation because the group is clearly aiming for a larger swathe of territory beyond Iraq and Syria.
Also, the US doesn’t recognise their ultimate goal of carving out a caliphate. Besides, the word ‘Levant’ reflects the group’s aspirations of controlling vast amounts of territory than just Iraq and Syria.
An Associated Press blogpost said that ISIL is the most accurate translation of the group’s name. “We believe this is the most accurate translation of the group’s name and reflects its aspirations to rule over a broad swath of the Middle East,” read the blogpost.
ISIS
Islamic State of Iraq and Syria is an English translation of the Arabic acronym Al-Dawla Al-Islamiya fi al-Iraq wa al-Sham, which means the Islamic State in Iraq and al-Sham. “The Islamic State of Iraq and al-Sham (ISIS) has mutated into the Islamic State after capturing parts of Syria and Iraq,” writes consulting editor, Newsweek Pakistan Khaled Ahmad in the Indian Express.
READ: Terror connection  by Khaled Ahmad
 
“The historic Islamic term “Sham” is continued…
While the rhetoric against the ISIS has been consistent across the globe, their name hasn't.

All North-East capitals on railway in five years:GowdaThe third girder of the 4.95-km Bogibeel rail-cum-road bridge on the Brahmaputra near Dibrugarh, was launched last week. A national project, the bridge is being constructed by the railways. ( Source: Express photo )
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: September 17, 2014 11:59 am
Capitals of all the North-eastern states will be connected with railway services within the next five years, Union Railway Minister DV Sadananda Gowda announced on Wednesday. Currently only Guwahati, Itanagar (Naharlagun) and Agartala – the latter with a metre guage link – are on the railway map.
Interacting with the media after reviewing progress of as many as 34 ongoing railway projects, including 11 national projects, of Northeast Frontier Railway, Gowda also said that he would visit the Northeastern region once in, at present, six months to take stock of these projects.
The railway minister said the total anticipated cost of these 34 projects stood at Rs 53,522 crore, of which Rs 19,905 crore has been already spent as on March 31, 2014. These projects, he pointed out, included laying 1,757 km length of new railway lines, 2,448 km length of gauge conversion and 312 km length of track doubling. As on April 1, work of 1,545 km of new railway lines, 801 km of gauge conversion and 282 km of track doubling was pending, he informed.
Gowda also said that he had already announced a budgetary grant of Rs 5,742 crore for the Northeast projects for the current financial year, which was 54 per cent more than the previous year’s allocation. This would help expedite the ongoing projects, he added.
Expressing satisfaction with the current pace of work on these projects, Gowda said that chief ministers of the Northeastern states have been extending full cooperation in execution of these projects, apart from providing required security for the projects as well as for train services. His topmost priority was to meet the target dates of completion.
On the 4.95-km Bogibeel rail-cum-road bridge river Brahmaputra near Dibrugarh, Gowda said it would be completed by June, 2017. The project was sanctioned in 1996-97 and declared a national project in 2005-06. (ends)

Spoof: Watch this video if you are proud to be aMalayaliScreenshot of Being Indian's latest video (Source: Youtube)
Written by Parmita Uniyal | Posted: September 17, 2014 11:57 am | Updated: September 17, 2014 11:59 am
Call them Madrasi at your own risk, for you might be biting the dust (literally) the next moment. With Poda Patty their favourite cussword, Malayalis quite like to flaunt their knowledge and advise others to research first before talking to them, as suggested by the latest spoof of Culture Machine’s Being Indian channel.
In the video, a Malayali guy is shown telling a variety of people – “You are not a Nayar,” including a dog.
In another shot, the guy says – “They are not from our caste, they have no culture,” as he spits (leaving us in splits).
Not knowing actor Mohanlal is a crime for any Malayali.
Malayali Nayars also love to gulp down their favourite alcoholic beverage, but not in the presence of a fellow Brahmin.
A laugh riot from the beginning to the end, the spoof video will surely be the funniest thing you will watch today.
Check the video out:
Note: Malayalis are free to comment in the box below, including – go research first before making a spoof on us or writing this article
Email author: parmita.uniyal@expressindia.com

Very strong support @650.Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

See i told you yesterday no news nothing works when fiis are short yes...Nifty managed to close above 8000 before a day of expiry.
Expiry on 18-09-2014
Nifty will first resist around 8047 and on positive bias may test 8091
In case Nifty Do not survive above 8048 One can assume support zone 7955-7917
Lot of People bought and earned in Cipla..
Cipla is good if sustain 592 If Opening is positive can expect 611-621
--SK--

Mistakes to avoid while buying life insuranceShare on Tumblr
The well-being of the family is the first thought that crosses the mind, whenever someone is planning for the future. From ensuring the financial security of your spouse to your children’s education and marriage, your monetary needs keep changing as the family grows. As a result, you must not undermine the importance of a robust financial plan. This is where life insurance comes in. A life insurance policy not only provides security to your family should anything untoward happen to you, it can also helps meet your financial needs during your lifetime. Given how crucial insurance is, you must equip yourself with all the right information before buying a policy.
 
We tell you some common mistakes to avoid while buying life insurance:
Taking insurance lightly: Many a time, given a host of other financial products available in the market, people do not even consider buying life insurance. Then there are also people who would have happily insured their property and vehicle, but not their own lives.
Call it ignorance or lack of proper guidance, not buying life insurance can have serious repercussions. Let us see how: The untimely death of one of the earning members of a family or, still worse, that of the sole breadwinner, can financially unsettle the rest of the family. In order to avoid such a situation, one must invest in a life insurance policy at the right time and of the right amount.
 
It is essential that people approach insurance with adequate seriousness rather than dismissing it as ‘just another financial product’.
Not buying insurance at the right age: Different life stages present different financial requirements. Buying insurance at the right age (or life stage) can help you meet these requirements comfortably.  For example: If you wish to build a corpus for children’s higher education, it makes sense to buy an insurance policy when your child is very young.
Focus more on investment than insurance: If you don’t evaluate your financial needs properly, you may end up buying a policy that does not align with your objectives. People often buy a wrong insurance policy as they look at insurance from investment-tinted glasses.
 
The next time you set out to buy an insurance policy, always put insurance first and investment later.
Insurance is just a tax-saving instrument: This is perhaps one of the most common mistakes that people commit. In a bid to save taxes. They buy a number of policies that may or may not meet their financial objectives. While their insurance portfolio looks full, it does not necessarily add value to their financial plan.
 
So don’t fall prey to misconceptions about insurance being a tax-saving tool.  Tax saving is just one of the benefits that comes along with insurance, whose main aim is financial security of your family.
Staying underinsured/Not reviewing your insurance needs: As a youngster, you may start out with one or two policies in your insurance portfolio. However, as time passes your family expands and lifestyle changes. As a result, you must review your insurance requirements from time to time and buy policies which meet your requirement accordingly. Not doing so will put you at the risk of being underinsured.
The worst part about being underinsured is that you always realize it late in life and when you do, there’s nothing much that can be done.
Not looking at insurance as a risk-management tool: There are times when people, out of confusion or ignorance, end up buying a life insurance policy that does not benefit them greatly. In such cases, even if something untoward happens to the policyholder, the insurance amount may not be able to financially secure the family. This is because people don’t view insurance as a risk-management tool. It is only when you do so that you can buy the right life insurance policy that assures you of your family’s financial security in your absence.
Also, know the important questions to ask while choosing a Life Insurance Policy – Click Here to know more.
Our Expert

70 yrs upper age for private bank CEOs: RBISuvashree Dey Choudhury and Neha Dasgupta     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 9, 2014  | 16:32 IST
Photo: Reuters
The Reserve Bank of India said the upper age limit for managing directors, chief executive officers and other whole-time directors in private banks is 70 years, in line with the Companies Act, 2013.
However, banks are free to prescribe a lower retirement age for their chief executive officers and whole-time directors, the RBI said.
(Reuters)

8 giants that have revenues close to 1% of GDPBharat Petroleum
(Each of these mega giants…)
The listing of ET500 is all about India Inc's biggest companies. But even within them exists a group of an elite few which represents the super-big, with each clocking Rs 1 lakh crore in annual revenues.
All these companies have striven hard to make it to the elite group and, in most cases, will continue with their effort to maintain their rankings next year as well.
ETIG reviews their prospects.
Indian Oil
Firmly in the top place for ET 500 listing, Indian Oil, a public sector Maharatna company, is the largest Indian company with revenues touching nearly Rs 500,000 crore.
It remains India's biggest petroleum retailer with a 47.1% market share and biggest petroleum refiner with 65.7 million tonne of refining capacity.
The company grew its revenues at a consolidated annualised growth rate (CAGR) of 11.5% over the last five years.
The company's profitability suffered in the past due to the subsidies over a large chunk of refined products it sold.
However, the situation has changed with petrol getting decontrolled in 2010, and diesel, also on the way to being decontrolled soon.
This will bring some stability to its earnings, going forward. The company is also upgrading its existing refineries while adding a new 15-million tonne refinery at Paradip.
It plans to spend Rs 12,000 crore during FY15, after having spent Rs 26,100 crore in the preceding two years.
With its expanding capacities and expansive market reach, IndianOil is sure to stay at the top of ET500 in the years to come.
Reliance Industries
The company has long emerged the biggest private sector company in India and has been occupying the second position in ET500. The company has increased its revenues at a CAGR of 23.3% over the last five years. Its petroleum refining and petrochemical complex at Jamnagar is the biggest in the world processing 1.3 million barrels of crude oil every day. RIL is in the midst of implementing a multi-year mega capex binge, investing Rs 180,000 crore by FY17. In spite of its growth and a strong balance sheet, RIL has failed to generate superior returns for investors mainly due to its weakened return ratios. Nevertheless, it is sure to continue its elite position in the ET500.
Bharat Petroleum
Featured as one of the most promising PSUs for the next five years, Bharat Petroleum occupies the third spot in ET500 with revenues exceeding Rs 2.65 lakh crore, which grew at a CAGR of 14.6% over the past five years. Besides running the second largest petroleum retailing business in India, BPCLhas buit a successful portfolio of E&P assets. It will also benefit from the deregulation of retail fuel prices. With a strong position in the domestic petroleum retail industry and a likely booster from its E&P businesses over the next few years, the company is set to reinforce its position in the ET500 listing.
 
Hindustan Petroleum
The company has maintained its overall fourth rank in the ET500 listing for a third consecutive year. It reported revenues of Rs 2.35 lakh crore, with an annualised growth of 13% over the last five years. It sold 31 million tonne of petro products, yet barely half of it came from its own refineries. The company is actively considering setting up another refinery in Rajasthan and an LNG import terminal in Gujarat. The company, however, will need to grow faster in the coming years not to lose its ET500 rank, as Tata Motors is close on its heels.
Tata Motors
Tata Motors, the world's fourth largest bus manufacturer and the fifth largest truck maker, has 54% share in the domestic commercial vehicle market. In FY14, it reported a consolidated revenue of Rs 2.3 lakh crore. On a consolidated basis, its revenue grew at a CAGR of 26.9% between 2009-10 and 2013- 14. In FY14, JLR contributed as much as 85% to the total revenue compared with 54% in FY10.
With concerted efforts and new launches such as Evoque and Range Rover Sport, it has boosted sales substantially. In 2013-14, JLR contributed as much as 85% to the total revenue earned by the company, compared with 54% in 2009-10. JLR generated free cash-flow of £1.1 billion in 2013-14 compared with £101 million in 2009-10, dispelling worries of servicing debt burden. Strong cash generation from JLR has helped in reducing the debt-equity ratio to 0.92 in FY14 compared with 4.28 in FY10.
State Bank of India
Over the past two years, sluggish growth and high interest rates have resulted in an increase in SBI's stressed assets. In addition, lower capex has meant a decline in demand for loans, which resulted in subdued growth in net interest income. However, during the tough times, SBI undertook a cost optimisation exercise. In the past two consecutive quarters, overhead expenses have grown below 10% year-on-year against nearly 25% in the previous four quarters. These constitute more than 35% of operating expenses. With a 16% market share, the lender will be a major beneficiary of a revival in the economy.
ONGC

Top 20 profit-makingstate-ownedcompaniesCoal India
( MTNL is the only accidental…)
While private sector companies in the list posted record profits in FY14, this wasn't the case for state-owned ones. While ONGC posted its highest profit in FY12, Coal India , SBI and NTPC did so in FY13.
The 10 companies account for one-third of the total profit earned by ET500 companies in FY14, the same as five years ago. Companies in the oil and gas and IT sectors posted half the profit earned by the top 10, less than the 60% of five years ago.
ITC is the only fast moving consumer goods company in the top 20 profit-making companies. At the 15th position, MTNL , which has reported losses in the preceding five fiscals, is the only accidental entrant in the list on account of a write-back of provisions on account of pension liabilities and amortisation of spectrum costs.
FEATURED ARTICLES

TCS  Infosys among top 10 dividend paying companiesCoal India
(Pharma company Strides Arcolab is…)
Public sector undertakings have traditionally been high dividend payers and, therefore, it is not surprising that three of the top five dividends paying companies are PSUs. Companies from high cash-generating sectors such as IT (TCS and Infosys) and FMCG (ITC and HUL) are prominent members of the top 10 club.
Pharma company Strides Arcolab is an accidental entrant in the top 10 club as it distributed the proceeds of the sale of its injectables business. While Coal India paid double the dividend that it paid in the previous year, HUL was the only company in the top 10 club whose dividend paid dropped 30% over the previous year.
The dividend paid hardly changed over a year ago in case of ONGC , NTPC and Reliance Industries . It grew more than 45% in case of IT majors TCS and Infosys . The top 10 dividend paying companies contributed 45% to the total dividend paid by ET500 companies for fiscal year 2014.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bypolls: Congress  SP bounce back; BJP suffers setbackPrint
Jaipur/Lucknow/Ahmedabad: The Congress and the Samajwadi Party, which suffered a rout in the general elections, bounced back Tuesday in the assembly bypolls in Rajasthan and Uttar Pradesh. For the first time in 15 years, the BJP will now have its lawmaker in the West Bengal assembly.
In Gujarat, the BJP romped home in Vadodara Lok Sabha seat that was vacated by Prime Minister Narendra Modi after he also won from Varanasi parliamentary constituency. The Maninagar assembly seat, which Modi once represented, too saw a BJP victory. But, the Congress wrested three seats from the BJP, which retained six seats.
In Andhra Pradesh, the ruling Telugu Desam Party (TDP) retained Nandigama assembly seat, while the Telangana Rashtra Samithi (TRS) too retained Medak Lok Sabha seat in neighbouring Telangana.
In the northeast, the BJP was leading in an assembly seat in Assam, while the AIUDF won one seat and was leading in two assembly constituencies. An independent candidate won in Sikkim. Tripura saw the CPI-M candidate emerge victorious with a record margin.
Buoyed by the performance of the Samajwadi Party that won four seats and was leading in four constituencies, Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav said he was happy that the people of the state have reposed faith in his party and given a thumbs down to the "communal" politics of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).
"We are happy and thankful that people have preferred development and prosperity over false hopes and communal politics that BJP practised," he said.
The SP has won from Sirathu, Hamirpur, Bijnore and Charkhari assembly constituencies and had a comfortable lead of over two lakh votes in Mainpuri Lok Sabha constituency from where Tej Pratap Singh, grand-nephew of SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav, is the party candidate.
The BJP, which had won all the 11 seats in the 2012 state assembly elections, went down to just three as counting progressed. The party won the Saharanpur (City) state assembly seat while its candidates were leading convincingly in Lucknow (East) and Noida seats.
In Rajasthan, the Congress candidates won from Weir, Surajgarh and Nasirabad constituencies while the BJP's Sandeep Sharma was elected from the Kota South constituency.
An upbeat Sachin Pilot, Rajasthan state president of the Congress, described his party bagging three seats as "a win of our party workers".
"Despite the use of official machinery by the BJP, we have won. The BJP did nothing since it came to power and on the contrary it stopped the social welfare schemes...," said Pilot.
Pilot said that the party is now looking forward to the municipal and panchayat polls in the state due in the next few months.
Kailash Nath Bhatt, Rajasthan state spokesperson of the BJP, however, said: "This result does not in any reflect on performance of the (Vasundhara) Raje government. It was fought more on local issues. Yes, the party will sit and introspect the results."
In West Bengal, after 15 long years, the BJP will have a representative in the assembly. Party candidate Shamik Bhattacharya Tuesday won the Basirhat (South) seat in the bypolls, while the state's ruling party Trinamool retained the Chowringhee seat.
Bhattacharya defeated Trinamool candidate and former soccer captain Dipendu Biswas in a hard-fought battle by a slender margin of over thousand votes.
In 1999, Badal Bhattacharya had won the Ashoknagar assembly seat - that too in a by-election. It was the only time in past that the BJP had a legislator in the state. However, the BJP was in alliance with the Trinamool that time.
In Assam, the AIUDF won one seat while it was leading in another constituency. The BJP was leading in a third constituency. The AIUDF was leading in Lakhipur while the BJP candidate was in the lead in Silchar assembly seat.
In Jamunamukh seat, the AIUDF candidate emerged victorious.
The picturesque hill state of Sikkim saw independent candidate Rup Narayan Chamling winning the assembly by-poll from Rangang-Yangang assembly constituency.
The bypoll was necessitated after Chief Minister Pawan Chamling resigned from the seat and retained Namchi-Singhithang after the April assembly elections. R.N. Chamling is brother of Pawan Chamling.
CPI-M candidate Pravat Chowdhury Tuesday won the Manu assembly seat in southern Tripura, defeating his nearest Congress rival Mailafru Mog by a record margin of around 16,000 votes.
The returning officer to the Manu assembly by-poll, Rajib Datta told IANS that the CPI-M (Communist Party of India-Marxist) candidate Chowdhury, a former agriculture department official, secured 21,759 votes while his nearest Congress nominee Mailafru Mog got 5,788 votes.
Recommend

Apple trumps Asias first-mover advantageAsian tech groups fail to exploit early advantage against Apple
By Simon Mundy in Seoul and Kana Inagaki in Tokyo
©Bloomberg
Soon after Apple launched its larger-screen iPhones last week, rivals in Asia sent out mocking messages on Twitter, taunting the US company for being slow to catch up with the industry trend.
“No one is going to buy a big phone,” Samsung Electronics teased, quoting a 2010 remark by Apple’s late co-founder Steve Jobs. “Guess who surprised themselves and changed their minds?”
More
Investor demand for Alibaba’s bonds reaches $55bn
From Taipei and Tokyo, smartphone rivals HTC and Sony sent out similarly irreverent tweets.
The light-hearted tone of the messages concealed a serious headache for Apple’s Asian competitors. While they have often moved into new product areas such as large-screen phones, smartwatches and payment technology before the US tech group, they have consistently been unable to match the excitement generated by Apple product launches – or its success in monetising and globalising their usage.
Apple’s two new iPhones have larger screens than their predecessors, taking the company into “phablet” territory pioneered by Samsung, which launched the fourth version of its Galaxy Note at the beginning of September.
“When the Note was announced, I couldn’t understand it,” said Ben Wood at the research group CCS Insight, referring to the 2011 launch of Samsung’s first phablet. “It looked ridiculous. And now it’s become a legitimate category.”
Samsung declined to reveal how many Notes it has sold since the new launch, but said it shipped 10m units of the previous model in the first two months after its launch last year.
Still, analysts believe that Apple’s lead in the brand stakes – in spite of Samsung’s huge outlays on marketing, on which it spent $14bn last year – will eat into the Korean group’s first-mover advantage. “Consumers have an incredible emotional engagement with the Apple brand,” said Mr Wood. “Samsung hasn’t achieved that.”
If Samsung’s advertising campaigns have at least helped it narrow the popularity gap with Apple, Taiwan’s HTC shows the challenges facing smaller Asian smartphone producers seeking to compete at the high end of the market.
While its One series of phones have been praised by some reviewers as the most attractively designed smartphone to date, the lack of marketing clout to support it has left the company floundering commercially. HTC has predicted a 12th consecutive quarter of declining revenues in the third quarter of this year.
A similar tale is told in the smartwatch sector.
Samsung is the global leader by volume sales, having released five different smartwatch models since the first Galaxy Gear was unveiled a year ago.
The company “is ahead on technology”, said Mark Newman, analyst at Bernstein, arguing that the group has “positioned itself well for the next decade of growth” in wearable electronics.
Its South Korean rival LG Electronics launched its G Watch in July with an improved version to follow by the end of this year.
Yet neither of these launches came close to matching the hype around the Apple Watch .
“Apple understands the watch business better than Samsung,” said Daniel Kim, an analyst at Macquarie, noting Apple’s poaching of executives from the fashion industry such as Angela Ahrendts, former chief executive of Burberry.“Samsung’s smartwatches look ugly and there is a lack of useful apps.”
Corporate Japan abounds with innovations that failed to become global hits. The Japanese call this “Galápagos syndrome”, whereby companies forge ahead into new technological territory but fail to find a market outside of the country – only for foreign rivals to take the idea global.
In 1999, Kyocera introduced the world’s first mobile phone with a built-in camera and sparked the cameraphone boom in Japan, years before this function became commonplace outside Japan.
More video
In 2004, Sony came out with an ebook reader three years before Amazon’s Kindle but lost out in global sales due to higher pricing and a fewer number of offerings. The company also launched the LiveView smartwatch in 2010, beating both Samsung and Apple to the market.
Analysts said Japanese companies are often content with being the first to market the latest technology but are less successful at showing consumers how those technologies will make their lives easier. “The obsession with technology overlooks what is really needed to convince the consumer to buy: the ease to use. And that’s what Apple has capitalised on,” said Atul Goyal, analyst at Jefferies.
Mobile payments are the latest example.
Ten years ago, NTT DoCoMo introduced phones dubbed osaifu-keitai, or mobile wallets, running on Sony’s patented Felica technology, an early form of the near-field communication technology that will be used by Apple Pay . Nearly half of Japan’s mobile phone owners now use the FeliCa system, which has become embedded in daily routines from using public transport to unlocking doors.
Yet NTT DoCoMo and Sony, through their joint venture FeliCa Networks, have struggled to export the concept of using mobile phones as electronic wallets. Only in Hong Kong, where Sony’s FeliCa chips were used to create Octopus smart cards in 1997 and for mobile payments from last year, has it had any success.
“We went in too early and the environment wasn’t ripe,” an executive at FeliCa Networks said earlier this year.
Critics say Japanese companies focus too much on perfecting their technologies in their home market, leading to a system or standard that is unique to Japan. In the US and Europe, Sony was unable to convince carriers, transportation operators and other partners to adopt the FeliCa system since the overseas markets use differing types of contactless pay technology.
Yasutoshi Kikuchi, partner at Roland Berger, the consultants, added that Sony needs to shift away from gadget-making and focus on where it can generate revenue. Apple’s success, for example, stems from its ability to tap into existing users by offering not only new devices but added services such as the iTunes store.
In the same way, Sony is now trying to build the PlayStation gaming console into a subscription-based platform, bringing together users of various gadgets from mobile phones, televisions, tablets to portable game players with a wide ranging of offerings from games and movies to live TV programs.
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2014. You may share using our article tools.
Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web.

Android One set to force Samsung into price warAndroid One set to force Samsung into price war
Ladbrokes rebounds on dividend hopesLadbrokes shares rebound on dividend hopes
By Bryce Elder
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f85735f8-3dbd-11e4-b782-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Scotland decision could ride on a lucky lottery ticketBy Karla Adam September 16 Follow @karlaadam
Colin Weir, left, and his wife, Chris, pose for pictures in Falkirk, Scotland, on July 15, 2011, after winning the EuroMillions Lottery. (Wattie Cheung/AFP/Getty Images)
LONDON -- If Scotland votes to separate from the United Kingdom on Thursday, could nationalists have a lucky lottery ticket to thank?
Three years ago, Colin Weir, a former television cameraman, and his wife, Christine, a former psychiatric nurse, were enjoying a night watching CSI on the telly. Before going to bed, Christine decided to check their lottery ticket numbers. She checked, and then checked again: the couple from the seaside Scottish town of Largs had just won  the 161 million pound ($261 million) EuroMillions jackpot. They stayed up all night, clutching hands and watching the sunrise. Their fortunes were forever changed.
So were the coffers of the nationalists campaigning for Scottish independence.
Shortly after they won the lottery, Colin received a letter from Alex Salmond, the first minister of Scotland and head of the Scottish Nationalist Party (SNP).
According to the Scotsman newspaper, Salmond offered his congratulations to Colin -- a lifelong advocate of an independent Scotland -- and reminded him of the time when they once worked on political broadcasts together.
“Dear Colin,” he wrote. “When I was at the Open at Royal St. George’s on Friday and heard the fantastic news that a Scot had landed the Euro lottery jackpot, I did wonder if this was the same Colin Weir who helped produce SNP party political broadcasts for a young party publicity vice-convener all these years ago”.
On Monday, the Electoral Commission published figures that showed the Weirs were the biggest donors to the “Yes Scotland” campaign group over the past nine months, gifting a total of 1 million pounds ($1.6 million) -- or 67 percent of all reportable donations over that time. (Donations or loans exceeding 7,500 pounds ($12,000) have to be declared by the campaign groups.)
It’s not exactly clear how much money they have donated overall. Earlier this year, the Daily Telegraph estimated the figure was about 4 million pounds ($6.5 million).
The couple have declined media interviews, but they elaborated on their decision to donate in a letter to the Scotsman.
“As lifelong supporters of independence, it would be strange if we did not support the Yes Scotland campaign. So that is what we have done, nothing more and nothing less. No one bullied or targeted us,” they wrote.
The letter continued: “The people of Scotland are not gullible. They aren’t going to vote based on how much money we have given to a particular campaign – they will make their decision based on being well-informed. That’s why we made the donations we did, to ensure there was the chance of an informed debate. Beyond that, it’s up to the voting public to decide, not us – we only have two votes.”
The Weirs’ donations over the past nine months equal that of J.K. Rowling, the single largest donor to the “Better Together” campaign that supports Scotland staying in the union. The "Harry Potter" author, who has lived in Scotland for more than two decades, described her reasons for donating in a long statement , saying that if Scotland walks away “there will be no going back. This separation will not be quick and clean: it will take microsurgery to disentangle three centuries of close interdependence, after which we will have to deal with three bitter neighbours.”
While the Weirs have kept a low profile over the course of the campaign, Rowling has been duelling with “Yes” supporters on Twitter, arguing “It isn't scaremongering to say 'be careful, that bridge looks like it's going to collapse'."

Survey reveals dim view of globalisationAdvanced economies take a dim view of globalisation, survey finds
By Shawn Donnan, World Trade Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4f425aae-3d8d-11e4-b782-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

UN trade body criticises free tradeUN trade body criticises free trade
By Jonathan Wheatley
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ab7a9da0-38eb-11e4-9526-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

HC rejects plea for CBI probe into Vadra firms land dealsPrint
Written by Aneesha Mathur | New Delhi | Posted: September 17, 2014 1:55 am
Dismissing a PIL seeking a court-monitored probe into the alleged “land grabbing” deals in Haryana and Rajasthan by firms owned by Robert Vadra, the Delhi High Court said Tuesday that it did not have the jurisdiction to look into it. “The alleged illegal transactions into which the petitioner seeks investigation by CBI have taken place in the state of Haryana and state of Rajasthan beyond the territorial jurisdiction of this court,” held the court of Chief Justice G Rohini and Justice R S Endlaw.
The court has also observed that the PIL filed by advocate Manoharlal Sharma was based solely on newspaper reports and did not have any evidence to substantiate the allegations. “Petitioner is bound to plead his case and produce sufficient evidence to substantiate the averments made in the petition. Admittedly, no such effort has been made by the petitioner herein,” the court observed.
It also said Sharma had withdrawn a PIL filed in the Supreme Court on the same issue and had not received permission from the court to raise the issue before a different forum. The court noted that the apex court had in various judgments barred litigants from filing petitions on the same grounds to “discourage the litigant from indulging in bench-hunting tactics.”
Sharma in his plea had demanded CBI investigation into colony licences issued by the Department of Town and Country Planning (DTCP), Haryana during 2005 to 2012 allegedly in contravention of the provisions of the Haryana Development and Regulations of Urban Areas Act, 1975 as well as the alleged illegal land deals in Rajasthan “creating huge loss to the public exchequer.”

Beijing commits to invest $100-bn | India-US partnership: $1 trillion by 2030Arunachal
(The two sides had earlier…)
NEW DELHI: Chinese President Xi Jinping who arrives in India on his maiden visit on Wednesday with $100 billion investment commitments over five years across various sectors will be disappointed that the proposed visa liberalisation agreement is off the agenda. Beijing's intransigence of not following a 'one-India' policy by continuing with stapled visas for Arunachal Pradesh residents is the reason why India has put off signing the agreement.
The two sides had earlier decided to sign the visa agreement to ease travel for tourists, business travelers and professionals from either country during Xi's visit.
However, official sources pointed out that India decided to put off the proposed pact to send out a strong message. By refusing to enter into the visa pact till Beijing stops issuing stapled visas, India was asserting that Beijing's stand on Arunachal was unacceptable.
But this is not the first time that India has refused to sign the proposed visa pact. The Modi government is following the footsteps of the previous dispensation that had refused to sign the agreement during Manmohan Singh's last Beijing trip in October 2013. India was upset that the Chinese embassy in India issued stapled visas to two Arunachal Pradesh athletes days before Singh's visit.
China, however, had hoped that it could clinch the visa liberalisation agreement with a new government in Delhi that was willing to expand bilateral economic and investment links. The new visa pact would have enabled smooth travel of large number of Chinese professionals and entrepreneurs following the agreements to set up two industrial parks and announcements of $100 billion investments during Xi's trip.
The visiting President will offer the amount for setting up of industrial parks, modernisation of railways, highways, ports, power generation, distribution and transmission, automobiles, manufacturing, food processing and textile industries.
Modi will host a dinner for Xi on the Sabarmati riverfront in Ahmedabad on Wednesday afternoon. Thereafter the two leaders will travel to Delhi for dialogue on Thursday on all substantive issues of interest, including the protracted border issue, transgressions along the Line of Actual Control including recent ones, Tibet issue, Beijing's maritime silk route proposal, Bangladesh-China-India-Myanmar corridor, bilateral trade issues, terrorism, global financial issues and regional situation and pressing global issues.
Modi will receive Xi when he arrives at his hotel in Ahmedabad. Xi will be accompanied by his wife Peng Liyuan, two senior members of the Communist Party of China, the state councilor and ministers of foreign affairs and commerce, besides a huge business delegation.
The two leaders will witness inking of agreements and both will spend some time at the Sabarmati ashram. On Thursday, Xi will be received by President Pranab Mukherjee at Rashtrapati Bhavan.
Among others who would call on Xi would be Congress party president Sonia Gandhi and Lok Sabha Speaker Sumitra Mahajan.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Google launches Android One mobiles at Rs 6 399Google launches Android One mobiles at Rs 6,399
S Ronendra Singh
Tweet
PTI Sundar Pichai at Android One Launch in New Delhi on Monday
Sundar Pichai, Senior Vice President, Android, Chrome and Apps at Google addressing a press conference as Google launched the Android One platform, in New Delhi along with Rajan Anandan, Head of Google India,on September 15, 2014. Photo: Kamal Narang
New Delhi, Sept 15:  
Google on Monday launched the much awaited Android One based mobile phones with handset makers Micromax, Spice and Karbonn, at prices starting Rs 6,399.
While Micromax has launched Canvas A1, Karbonn and Spice have launched Sparkle V and Dream Uno, respectively to run on Android One.
These handsets will be sold through online partners Flipkart, Amazon and Snapdeal to begin with, and offline stores will sell the handsets in the near future.
"India is the first market for the Android One devices and we will be adding more countries like the Philippines, Indonesia, Nepal, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka in future," Sundar Pichai, Senior Vice-President - Android One, Google, said here at the launch.
He said it is just a beginning for the Android One with these handset manufacturers and many more will follow soon.
The company will launch handsets with manufacturers such as Intex, HTC, Lava, Xolo and Lenovo in the near future, he said.
Apart from the online markets, the handsets will be available at more than two-lakh offline stores in more than 2,000 locations in India.
Google also announced that it will make YouTube available offline. This will allow users to download contents from YouTube and watch them later.
Google also launched 'Play Newstand' which will give users access to 30 news sites.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)
Related

Nifty nears 8 000; Sensex up over 100 points led by ITNifty nears 8,000; Sensex up over 100 points led by IT
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 17, 2014 11:11 AM IST
Benchmark indices continue to maintain the steady trend led by IT and auto shares along with Asian markets leading the gains.
However, investors remain cautious ahead of the outcome of the US Fed two-day policy meet which ends later today.
At 11:15 AM, the 30-share Sensex was up 126 points at 26,618 and the 50-share Nifty was up 39 points at 7,972.
Among broader markets, BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices are trading mixed. The market breadth in BSE remains positive with 1,330 shares advancing and 1,060 shares declining.
Meanwhile, provisional data released by the stock exchanges after trading hours on Tuesday, showed that foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) sold shares worth a net Rs 828.95 crore on that day.
The rupee is trading at 61.01/02 vs Tuesday's close of 61.0550/0650. Trading is largely range-bound ahead of Fed meeting.
GLOBAL MARKETS
Asian shares were tentatively higher on Wednesday after Wall Street rebounded on speculation the Federal Reserve would maintain a pledge on low rates when a two-day policy meeting ends later in the session.
The Dow hit a fresh record while the U.S. dollar took a knock after the Wall Street Journal's Fed watcher Jon Hilsenrath said the central bank would keep the words “considerable time” in its policy statement, though it might qualify them.
The CSI300 of the leading Shanghai and Shenzhen A-share listings rose 0.5%, regaining a little of Tuesday's sharp decline. Tokyo's Nikkei put on 0.1%, while South Korea gained 0.7%.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan rallied 0.8% after a run of losses.
SECTORS & STOCKS
BSE IT index has surged by over 1% followed by counters like Healthcare and Realty, both gaining by nearly 1% each. Infact, all the major BSE sectoral indices are trading in positive zone.
The main gainers on the Sensex are Tata Power, Wipro, M&M, Dr Reddy’s Labs, Infosys, TCS, HDFC and Hero Moto, all gaining between 1-2%.
Infosys announced yesterday that Muji, a leading retailer in Japan, has deployed InteractEdge from Infosys which will enable Muji to deliver a superior shopping experience through real time insights into the buying behavior of its customers.  
Wipro early this week said that the company's subsidiary Wipro Arabia has entered into a strategic partnership with Saudi-based Saudi Electricity Company (SEC), the largest power utility company in the Middle East serving approximately 5 million customers in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (KSA).
Shares of Tata group are witnessing an upsurge and have gained between 1-2% on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).
Shares of Tata Power have rebound in today’s trade and is up 2% after showing a sharp declination in the recent past after a massive power failure in Mumbai on September 2 due to technical snags at Tata Power’s 500-Mw Trombay plant occurred.
Concerned over the outage, the state government had asked the committee to look into the causes and recommend short and long-term measures to prevent recurrence.
On the losing side, GAIL, Cipla, Sesa Sterlite, Hindalco and Tata Motors have slipped between 0.4-1.2%.
Among other shares, Ramky Infrastructure has zoomed over 12% to Rs 61 after a media report suggested that the Ajay Piramal group has emerged as the front runner to purchase its three highway projects.
Apollo Tyres has gained nearly 3% at Rs 201 after the company said that it is undertaking an exercise to rescue operations of its South African arm.

Vikings Order Peterson to Stay Away from All Team Activitiesvikings order peterson to stay away from all team activities
Nike Sticking With Adrian Peterson for Nownike sticking with adrian peterson for now
Correction in housing prices on the cardsCorrection in housing prices on the cards
Our Bureau
Residential market of major cities are expected to see price rationalisation in coming quarters.
Bangalore, Sept 17:  
Correction in housing prices on the cards, says global property consultants CBRE South Asia.
Anshuman Magazine, CMD, CBRE South Asia, said residential market of leading cities are expected to see price rationalisation in coming quarters.
Demand for housing across leading cities remained subdued in the first half of 2014. Owing to high pricing and lending rates, buyer preference remained focused on secondary and emerging markets of leading cities; while developers began to offer discounts to boost sales ahead of the festive season.
This general slackness in housing sales has been primarily triggered by the Affordability Index going down in certain cities; although home buyers have been investing in markets that they perceive to be offering value for the product, as well as the preferred location.
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

Mourinho insists Chelsea to qualify for next stage of UCLMourinho is bidding to become the first manager to win the Champions League with three different clubs. (Source: AP)
Reuters | London | Posted: September 16, 2014 9:07 pm | Updated: September 16, 2014 9:08 pm
Jose Mourinho insists his Chelsea side must do “everything” they can to qualify for the next stage of the Champions League and avoid the chance of dropping down into the Europa League.
Speaking ahead of Chelsea’s opening Group G match against Schalke 04 at Stamford Bridge on Wednesday, the Chelsea manager said it would be detrimental to his players’ development should the team have to compete in the second-tier competition.
Teams finishing third in the Champions League group stage go into the Europa League, joining the competition in the knockout phase.
Mourinho is bidding to become the first manager to win the Champions League with three different clubs but he is only concentrating on the six group games to ensure his team finish in the top two and progress to the round of 16.
“The competition is part of my history and I’m part of the tournament’s history. To win with three clubs would be unique,” Mourinho, who won the competition when in charge at Porto and Inter Milan, told a news conference on Tuesday.
“Do I want to try to win again? Of course I want to. I have many years ahead of me. But in this moment I only think: don’t play Europa League.
“It would be very bad for the evolution of our players to go to Europa League. We have to qualify. We have to do everything to qualify.”
Chelsea have started the season in emphatic fashion, winning their opening four league games with a mixture of power and panache.
In stark contrast Schalke have endured a winless start in the Bundesliga, languishing near the foot of the table having taken just one point from their first three matches.
Mourinho, however, said league form will not matter and Chelsea will be wary of their opponents despite beating them 3-0 home and away at the same stage of the competition last season.
“They drew against Bayern Munich, obviously they lost their last match 4-1 but I don’t see that as a drama or having a consequence in the Champions League,” Mourinho said.
“I don’t see a relation between the fact they lost the last match. Probably it will make them stronger. Probably they can discuss the mistakes they made, they can try to have a different approach to be a better team and a difficult opponent.
“In this moment it is a short competition of four teams for us, six matches. Everything is different,” he said of the group which also contains Slovenian champions NK Maribor and Portuguese club Sporting Lisbon.
Mourinho will have a full-strength squad to pick from because striker Didier Drogba has recovered from the ankle injury which forced him to miss Saturday’s 4-2 win over Swansea City in the Premier League.
Chelsea have started the season in emphatic fashion, winning their opening four league games

Metis launches Intel-powered Eddy tablet for kids at Rs 9 99938
1
New Delhi: Metis Learning has partnered with chip maker Intel to launch an educational tablet 'Eddy', aimed at children aged from 2-10 years.
The tablet, priced at Rs 9,999 will be available exclusively on eCommerce firm Amazon's India website for about a month,  after which it will be available across leading electronics and toy stores.
ALSO SEE Eddy tablet for kids with drop safe bumper launched at Rs 9,999
"We had earlier launched a beta version and it got a tremendous response. We have made improvements and partnered Intel to power the device. We are confident of doing well across cities as parents are looking for solutions to help their kids learn in a fun way," Metis Learning Solution co-founder Bharat Gulia told PTI. The device is priced at Rs 9,999 and will come with discounts and offers worth Rs 4,500 for a limited time as an inaugural offer, he added.
The Eddy tablet will be available exclusively on Amazon India for about a month.
#metis eddy tablet #kids tablet #intel
"We conducted studies and found children in India are now increasingly spending a lot of time playing games on parent's smartphones, who are often concerned about the content. Eddy provides a responsible and safe technology alternative for introducing kids to the digital age," he said.
Powered by Intel's Atom processor, the tablet comes pre-loaded with over 160 learning apps selected by Metis' educators and content experts to accelerate a child's social, emotional and cognitive development, he added.
"Parents can easily control the content and the time the child has access to the device. Besides, Eddy's screen ensures UV ray protection and lower eyestrain compared to other screens. It also comes with high quality drop-safe bumper made of food grade silicone bumper to prevent damage from falls," Gulia said.
The tablet features a seven-inch screen, 16GB memory (expandable upto 32GB), 1GB RAM, 2MP front and rear cameras, 2800 mAH battery and 3G connectivity via dongles.
"Today we live in an era where children are exposed to technology from their early years through the inevitable presence of multiple screens in their lives. When used efficiently and effectively technology truly be a wonderful part of a child's life," Intel South Asia Director (Marketing and Market Development) Sandeep Arora said.
Gulia said the company has received queries from other countries like Portugal for the product, but it is yet to take a decision on exporting the tablet.
"Educational tablets may be a niche category but it is definitely growing. In markets like the US, the numbers are bigger but in India too, it is estimated to be about 10 per cent of the tablets sold here. It is a huge opportunity," he added.
According to IDC, tablet sales in India grew nine per cent to 0.85 million units in April-June 2014 quarter compared to the previous quarter when the number was at 0.78 million units.
3

Jaya Hind Montupet s new unit to go on stream in June 2015Home News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Jaya Hind Montupet's new unit to go on stream in June 2015
Alka Kshirsagar
Tweet
Pune, Sept 17:  
Jaya Hind Montupet’s new Greenfield facility at Dewas in Madhya Pradesh is set to go into production in June 2015. The plant will make aluminium cylinder heads for the automobile industry.
JHM, a 50:50 joint venture company between Pune-based Jaya Hind Industries (a Firodia group company) and Montupet SA of France, is investing Rs 200 crore in the first phase of the project.
Dragon engines
Production will kick-off at Dewas with components for Dragon engines – the programme for small petrol engines being developed by Ford. India is the lead country for the Dragon programme.
“We are in discussions with other clients, and expect to sign one more contract with an international passenger vehicles manufacturer shortly,” Prasan Firodia, MD, Jaya Hind Montupet, said.
The joint venture, which is basically for gravity die cast products, already supplies cylinder heads for automakers like Mahindra and Mahindra from an existing plant at Urse near Pune which has been transferred to the company.
Capacity expansion
In the first phase of investment, JHM’s Dewas plant will have an installed capacity of 300,000 units per year. A second phase for capacity expansion has also been planned.
“The second phase will call for investment of another Rs 250 crore and our plan is to build capacity for one million cylinder heads,” Firodia said, adding that the second phase of investment will not be triggered until the existing capacity utilisation is on the cards.
Jaya Hind Montupet also has the mandate to cater to the requirements of auto OEMs in China, South East Asia and the Far East. While export from India is possible, if the volumes are high enough it would make sense to set up a dedicated facility overseas, Firodia said.
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

SEBI to introduce information memorandum for listed cosWork in progress for guidelines on wilful defaulters, says SEBI chief
Shishir Sinha
Listed firms to soon publish Annual Information Memorandum
New Delhi, Sept 17:  
Market regulator Securities and Exchange Board of India plans to ask listed companies to mandatorily put out an Annual Information Memorandum.
The regulator is also working on guidelines for action against wilful defaulters.
The Annual Memorandum will be a compilation of all the disclosures that are now made under various regulations, including the listing agreement. The move is to bring more transparency and easier regulatory oversight.
Wilful defaulters
On wilful defaulters, SEBI Chairman UK Sinha, talking to reporters on the sidelines of a CII event, clarified that currently there is no restriction on such entities from raising money from the capital market. This issue came to the fore after United Bank of India declared Kingfisher Airlines a wilful defaulter, while other banks are in the process of doing so. A wilful defaulter is an entity that does not repay a loan intentionally and also diverts money for purposes other than that for which the money was provided.
Though the RBI shares its list of wilful defaulters with SEBI to prevent their accessing the capital market, in the absence of proper norms, it is difficult to debar these entities.
Now, the Centre is also working on a new law to deal with wilful defaulters for which a Bill is likely to be introduced in the winter session of Parliament. The provisions of the new Bill are expected to include attachment of property, change in management besides other legal action against the promoters.
Info memorandum
Listing the benefits of publishing the Annual Information Memorandum, Sinha said, “First, you will not face undue litigation from regulators. Second, if you are going to raise some funds, debt or equity, you don’t have to update the information again and again.”
The memorandum will also state risk the factors for a company and industry, give an overview of sectors, legal proceedings and information on material events.
Sinha said that the memorandum requirement will be introduced through guidelines and by amending the corporate governance norms. “Work on this project has already started.”
“This will be a far reaching move because today a corporation that has filed everything as per SEBI requirement can still be hauled up, which is a lacuna in our system,” he said, adding that if an entity has filed some information under the takeover regulations as well as part of disclosure requirements, both are taken separately.
“So, for an analyst, a shareholder and a stakeholder, this becomes a problem. It also becomes a problem for corporations that are willing to comply,” he added.
Follow-on-public offer
The SEBI chief said the regulator would also come out with a discussion paper soon for reducing the time-frame for approval of Follow-on Public Offers.
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

Sony expects $2.1bn loss this yearAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

The battle for oil in Africas last colonyBattle for oil fuels Africa’s lengthy conflict
By Javier Blas, Africa Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/458a9ea6-3cc3-11e4-871d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India home to 100 billionaires; sixth largest population globallyE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Apple Inc s comes out of  bygone era   as reviewers hail iPhone 6  iPhone 6 plusE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Michelle Obama to host fashion designers at WhiteHousePress Trust of India | Los Angeles | Posted: September 17, 2014 12:25 pm
US First Lady Michelle Obama has sent an e-mail invitation to her favourite designers for ‘Celebration of Design’ at the White House in Washington, DC, next month. Maria Cornejo, Jimmy Choo and Talbots have got the invite to be a part of the special fashion summit on October 8, reported Us magazine.
Other designers that appear as staples in Obama’s closet, who may also have scored an invite to the affair, include J Crew’s executive creative director Jenna Lyons, Tracy Reese, and Jason Wu, the man behind her 2009 and 2013 Inaugural Ball dresses.
The fashion summit will come just in time for the Cooper-Hewitt Museum’s National Design Week, which runs from October 4 to October 12, a high point of which will be the National Design Awards in New York City on October 9.

Current Iranian uranium enrichment prog not acceptable:USPress Trust of India | Washington | Posted: September 17, 2014 12:20 pm
Ahead of the crucial nuclear talks between global powers and Iran in New York, the US has said that the international community cannot accept Tehran’s current uranium enrichment programme.
“I fully expect in the days ahead that Iran will try to convince the world that on this pivotal matter, the status quo – or its equivalent – should be acceptable. It is not,” said Under Secretary of State for Political Affair Wendy Sherman.
“If it were, we wouldn’t be involved in this difficult and very painstaking negotiation. The world will agree to suspend and then lift sanctions only if Iran takes convincing and verifiable steps to show that its nuclear program is and will remain entirely peaceful,” she said.
The next round of talks between Iran and the P5+1 nations comprising of the US, Britain, China, Russia, France and Germany begins in New York on Thursday on the sidelines of the 69th annual session of the UN General Assembly.
“Thus far, we can say on the positive side that our talks have been serious and that we have identified potential answers to some key questions. However, to get to a comprehensive agreement, we remain far apart on other core issues, including the size and scope of Iran’s uranium enrichment capacity,” Sherman said in a speech at an award- giving ceremony at Georgetown University on Tuesday.
“We must be confident that any effort by Tehran to break out of its obligations will be so visible and time-consuming that the attempt would have no chance of success. The ideas we have presented to Iran uphold this standard, and are also fair, flexible, and consistent with Iran’s civilian nuclear needs and scientific knowhow,” the American diplomat said.
“As should be obvious, a peaceful solution of this issue is highly desirable because, compared to any alternative, a diplomatic outcome is more likely to be permanent and less likely to generate new risks,” said Sherman, who leads negotiations for the US.
She said an Iran armed with nuclear weapons would have the ability to project devastating power far beyond its borders, threaten Israel and further assist extremists.
“If Tehran developed a nuclear weapon, other countries in the region might well pursue the same goal, generating a potentially catastrophic nuclear arms race and intensifying the sectarian divide that is a major source of Middle East tension,” she said.
“For these reasons, President Obama has pledged that Iran will not be allowed to acquire a nuclear weapon. Since late last year, I have been leading the US negotiating team that is seeking a diplomatic path to that objective,” she said.
“America’s purpose in the negotiation is to develop a plan of lasting duration that would block all of the Islamic Republic’s potential paths to a nuclear weapon,” she added.

Dipan Mehta s top 14 stocks which have the potential to be multibaggers in 3-5 yearsAnalyst
("There could be a knee-jerk…)
Stocks such as Mindtree, Bajaj Auto, Havells, SKS Micro Finance , Sintex, Glenmark, Jyothy Lab and Sun Pharma are gems and can grow by 15 per cent compounded over the next 3-5 years, says Dipan Mehta, Member, BSE and NSE, in an exclusive interview with Kshitij Anand of EconomicTimes.com . Excerpts:
Q) Rumours in the market are spreading fast that the US Federal Reserve might raise interest rates sooner than expected. Will it impact India or other emerging markets? If yes , then why?
There could be a knee-jerk reaction as FIIs may press 'sale' on the announcement of such news. But this may not have an impact for more than a week. Because of events on May 2014, our markets have clearly delinked from global markets. Local appetite for equities could soften the fall.
FII flows are driven by interest rates movement in the US and other developed economies. Asset price movements in those economies also impact global flows. To that extent, India is vulnerable and if there is a sell-off in global equities or emerging markets, then we will not be spared.
The decline may be less than other markets, but nonetheless, there will be a negative effect. India cannot escape a 'risk off' trade. Prior to Lok Sabha elections, global macro was extremely important and we were very sensitive to that variable.
However, since the new government formation, international events are having less impact as investors focus on government steps to revive the economy and the RBI moves based on macro data such as inflation , GDP growth rates, IIP etc.
Q) Despite infusion of liquidity by the government, the worst is still not over for China. On the other hand, India has managed to revive growth and manufacturing output. However, CLSA in its recent report said that the Chinese economy will be as big ($21 trillion) as the US economy by 2020. Do you agree?
Not just CLSA, several global research houses have a similar projection. We broadly agree with their analysis.
Q) Everybody wants to 'sell high and buy low'. But does that always work for traders or investors? Is there a way of gauging the right time to buy or sell? If not, what should ivestors keep in mind while using this strategy?
Traders fret more over trying to 'sell high and buy low'. Amateur investors are also bothered about timing the market. But our experience shows that the best professional investors do not time the market.
They are just focused on identifying the perfect investment opportunity. Their objective is to buy a great business at a reasonable price. That is the secret of their phenomenal wealth creation record.
Q) Give us five stock ideas that you are still liking and recommending to your clients?
At correction, with usual disclosures that we and our clients own these stocks, we would look to buy stocks such as Mindtree, Bajaj Auto Finance, Balkrishna Industries, Havells India, SKS Micro Finance, Sintex, Glenmark, Jyothy Lab, Sun Pharma, PTC India, PTC Financial Services , LMW, Bharti Infratel and Voltas.
Q) Any stocks or companies that you have in mind which are not frequently discussed, but have the potential to give exponential returns in the near future as the economy improves and reforms start taking shape. We also call them 'Hidden Gems'.
All the stocks mentioned are gems. Does it matter if they are hidden or discovered? We are confident that these companies can grow by 15 per cent compounded over the next 3-5 years.
Q) What is your advice to investors who want to invest in blue chip stocks which have already rallied quite a bit so far in the year 2014? Should they wait for corrections or look for stocks in the mid and the small cap segments? What makes more sense?
Buy at corrections. At some point of time a 10 per cent correction will take place. That's the cue to enter the market. We would advise buying once a 6-8 per cent correction has taken place. Don't buy at one shot, always spread it over. Also, diversify the holdings.
Q) The Indian markets have rallied close to 27 per cent so far in the year 2014. Do you think there are pockets (stocks or sectors) which have run ahead of their fundamentals and a correction is eminent?
Corrections in the market may be led by infrastructure and construction, realty, PSU banks, oil companies, other PSUs coming up for divestment.
Q) Where do you see the Indian markets (Sensex/Nifty) heading in the next 12 months (December and March 2015)? How do valuations stack up compared to historic levels?
If I were to hazard a guess , 12 months from now, the Nifty could be at around 9000.
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analyst's own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

35 Jadavpur University students held for protest over molestationCops rough up agitating Jadavpur varsity students
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Kolkata, September 17, 2014
First Published: 09:10 IST(17/9/2014) | Last Updated: 02:31 IST(18/9/2014)
Comments
The Jadavpur University campus turned into a battlefield with police descending on agitating students at the dead of Tuesday night, triggering extensive protest that snowballed into a massive rally on Wednesday afternoon. Even a section of the teachers joined the students to demand the removal of the vice chancellor who had asked for police help compounding an ongoing problem.
On Tuesday night blows, kicks and lathis rained freely on agitating students who had gheraoed VC, Abhijit Chakravarty, demanding drawing up a new committee to examine the allegation of sexual assault on a student of BA second year (history).
Female students, too, were not spared. Many alleged molestation by outsiders who sneaked in with police. Police also arrested 35 students from the spot. Five injured students were hospitalized at the neighbouring KPC Hospital.
The VC claimed the students would have killed him if the police did not arrive.
“This incident is comparable with the lathicharge on Mamata Banerjee and land agitators during her gherao of Singur BDO office on September 25, 2006,” said Tania Sarkar, an MA first year student. “Now, Mamata’s police is doing the same,” she rued.
CPI(M) put up a road blockade outside the campus in the afternoon. In the evening, students took out a rally as well.

Googles Android One play is not just about pricePrint
Sundar Pichai sees a big opportunity for Android One phones in India. (Source: Nandagopal Rajan)
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | New Delhi | Posted: September 15, 2014 6:33 pm | Updated: September 16, 2014 1:32 pm
The Android ecosystem might already be a billion devices large, but Google wants to expand it more and at a faster pace. This is where its new programme, Android One, fits in. No, it is not a new operating system, but an effort to bring the best hardware-software combo possible to the magical $100 price point. So the first set of Android One smartphones, launched in India and carrying Indian brands on the rear, will all be priced at Rs 6,399, aiming to woo the first-time smartphone buyers.
Sundar Pichai, Google senior vice president for Android, Chrome and Apps, said the price point and the entire value proposition is good enough to get new customers on board. “This gives us an opportunity to expand the market significantly… we see a lot of opportunity going ahead,” said Pichai, who is originally from Chennai.
Pichai said Android One tries to solve the problems people face with hardware, software and connectivity while buying affordable smartphones. It will also solve the obstacle of language by including Google Translate with a Hindi-English-Hindi package. There will also be Google Now with a focus on cricket and even train reservations and going ahead free access to YouTube.
Along with the 50 per cent less data usage and free data packages offered by service providers likes Airtel, Google hopes these phones will be able to differentiate itself from the scores of Android phones available at similar price points. Anand Chandrasekaran, Chief Product Officer, Bharti Airtel said customers would be able to enjoy 100 MB of data per month for six months for software updates and 200 MB per month for a similar period for app downloads and updates on the “first prepaid active Airtel SIM inserted in the Android One device”. Plus, this will offer a pure Android experience like Google’s costlier Nexus devices and will be among the first to get the new Android L update when it is released for consumers.
Micromax Canvas A1
The three phones launched today from Micromax, Karbonn and Spice all have the same specifications though they sport slightly different designs. One common factor in the new devices is the MediaTek processor. Mohit Bhushan, VP and GM at MediaTek, said the affordable smartphones so far were devoid of a full mobile experience and that is where Android One stands out. “This will trigger more aggressive growth in the smartphone segment. This is just the start of a journey, you will see more devices in the new future with different display sizes and connectivity options under the Android One umbrella,” he added.
The phones will sell only online initially with each manufacturer deciding to pick an etailer from among Flipkart, Amazon and SnapDeal. Later, the continued…
This gives us an opportunity to expand the market significantly… we see a lot of opportunity going ahead

US bombs Islamic State near Baghdad for the first timePrint
This undated image posted on Wednesday, Aug. 27, 2014 by the Raqqa Media Center, a Syrian opposition group, which has been verified and is consistent with other AP reporting, shows a fighter from the Islamic State group, armed with a knife and an automatic weapon, next to captured Syrian army soldiers and officers, following the battle for the Tabqa air base, in Raqqa, Syria. (Source: AP)
Press Trust of India | Paris | Posted: September 16, 2014 9:34 am | Updated: September 16, 2014 3:28 pm
US warplanes carried out their first air strike on the Islamic State near Baghdad, as world diplomats pledged to support Iraq in its fight against the militants. The United States early last month began air strikes against IS positions in northern Iraq, but Monday’s announcement that the campaign had targeted the jihadists near the Iraqi capital marks an escalation in the scope of the mission.
FILE – In this Sunday, Aug. 10, 2014, file photo, a fighter jet coming from Iraq lands on the flight deck of the U.S. Navy aircraft carrier USS George H.W. Bush, in the Persian Gulf. (Source: AP)
It comes less than a week after US President Barack Obama, in a primetime television address to the nation, ordered a “relentless” war against the Islamic State, including air strikes in Syria and expanded operations in Iraq to “destroy” the marauding jihadist army.
ALSO READ: House Republicans back Syrian rebel training
“US military forces continued to attack ISIL (IS) terrorists in Iraq, employing attack and fighter aircraft to conduct two air strikes Sunday and Monday in support of Iraqi security forces near Sinjar and southwest of Baghdad,” US Central Command said in a statement.
“The air strike southwest of Baghdad was the first strike taken as part of our expanded efforts beyond protecting our own people and humanitarian missions to hit ISIL targets as Iraqi forces go on offense, as outlined in the president’s speech last Wednesday.”

EM stocks tumble on Fed rate rise fearsEM stocks tumble on Fed rate rise fears
By Elaine Moore and Robin Wigglesworth
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bba30334-3d78-11e4-b782-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sonam Kapoor supports Deepika Padukone: Actresses are constantly getting objectifiedPrint
Sonam Kapoor: We are constantly being objectified, be it kissing scenes or wearing bikinis.
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 16, 2014 5:08 pm | Updated: September 16, 2014 5:55 pm
Sonam Kapoor has supported Deepika Padukone’s recent outburst against a newspaper for putting up her tasteless pictures on its Twitter handle, saying objectification of actresses is a sad reality.
Deepika, 28, had angrily responded to the pictures yesterday, tweeting “Yes! I am a woman. I have breasts and a cleavage! You got a problem!!??”
Read: Deepika Padukone angry after daily publishes story on her dress
Sonam, who reportedly does not share a very good equation with Deepika, said the incident was “sad and unfortunate”. “We are constantly being objectified, be it kissing scenes or wearing bikinis. Everything becomes a point of publicity and news. I am sorry that it happened to her. It’s obviously not right. I feel bad for her but I feel for the rest of us also,” Sonam told reporters here.
The actress, who is currently in the city to promote her upcoming film ‘Khoobsurat’, said, “Deepika is extremely diplomatic so it must have been something stupid that she reacted like that.”
Deepika’s tweet was trending yesterday, with several Bollywood celebrities like Arjun Kapoor, Anushka Sharma, Karan Johar, Nimrat Kaur coming out in support of the actress.

UPS to hire up to 95 000 temp workersUPS to hire up to 95,000 temporary workers
By Robert Wright in Calvert, Alabama
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a57614a2-3daf-11e4-b782-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Court lifts ban on Uber in GermanyCourt lifts ban on Uber in Germany
By Chris Bryant in Frankfurt and Jeevan Vasagar in Berlin
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a1b06f7e-3da6-11e4-b782-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

I-T officers pledge one day s salary for flood victimsI-T officers pledge one day s salary for flood victims
In Rs 1 000-crore deal  Sajjan Jindal s JSW Steel acquires Welspun MaxsteelE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Leander in no mood to stopUpdated: September 17, 2014 02:40 IST
Leander in no mood to stop
N. Sudarshan
The Hindu Leander Paes has the most number of wins (doubles & singles combined) among active Davis Cup players at 89. Photo: V. Sreenivasa Murthy
TOPICS
tennis
It is said that the current era in sports is one of instant gratification. Longevity comes at a premium. It seems an athlete like Steve Redgrave or Carl Lewis or Ryan Giggs, with a career spanning decades, is hard to come by.
Closer home, Sachin Tendulkar will always be the gold standard for longevity and sporting excellence. But for making a mark in a sport more global and more athletic than cricket, Leander Paes needs a special mention.
It is well known that he has played for more than two decades. So is the fact that he has played six Olympics which no tennis player has done. It is also well known that he became the oldest man to win a Major title in the Open Era at the US Open in 2013.
But something which is not very well known is this Davis Cup record of his. Even captain Anand Amritraj pleaded ignorance to it.
When he and Rohan Bopanna combined to win the doubles rubber against Serbia last weekend, it was his 41st doubles win in the competition. No other active player has more. Also he ranks only below Italian Nicola Pietrangeli, who has 42 wins. Paes also has the most number of wins (doubles & singles combined) among active players at 89.
A record such as this, in the most individual of sports, during the decades when players were least bothered about turning up for their countries, is indeed stellar
“It’s his greatest achievement,” says Zeeshan Ali, the current India coach who was Paes’s first Cup partner in 1990, of his longevity. “It’s a miracle. Tennis careers are short, mind you. One thing that has still not changed [since 1990] is the fire in his belly. It particularly stands out while playing for the country.”
Something that’s equally noteworthy is his 97 different partners on the tour.
In fact, his youngest partner Sanam Singh, at last year’s tie against Indonesia, was three when Paes became a pro in 1991.
“He carries his partner very well. He just lifts his teammate’s game,” says Zeeshan. This ability was on display when he and Bopanna, teaming up after a gap of two years, battled to victory against the established Nenad Zimonjic-Ilija Bozoljac pair.
Paes is now 41. Yet he is in no mood to stop.
One more year of Davis Cup can get him past Pietrangeli; two more years of tennis, can make him the only living athlete to compete in seven Olympics — both achievements which will help him leave in a blaze of glory.

Obama calls for global response to EbolaLast updated: September 16, 2014 11:27 pm
Obama calls for global response to Ebola
By Barney Jopson in Washington and Javier Blas and Mark Odell in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e0448e38-3d78-11e4-8797-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bosch workers in Bangalore on strikeBosch workers in Bangalore on strike
Operators in talks to acquire Phones 4UOperators in talks to acquire Phones 4U
By Daniel Thomas, Telecoms Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4f1ec59c-3dbc-11e4-b782-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

21 FDI projects get nod; Sistema s proposal rejected21 FDI projects get nod; Sistema s proposal rejected
India can become major export hub by 2030 HSBCIndia can become major export hub by 2030 HSBC
Headline inflation pinches  but with a lagE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Asia Shares Rise on Fed  China Policy SpeculationYou are here: Home Market
Asia Shares Rise on Fed, China Policy Speculation
Reuters | Updated On: September 17, 2014 12:00 (IST)
Sensex, Nifty Hit Record; Banks Surge on Kotak-ING Deal
Sydney: Asian shares made guarded gains on Wednesday after Wall Street rebounded on speculation the Federal Reserve would maintain a pledge on low rates when a two-day policy meeting ends later in the session.
The Dow hit a fresh record while the US dollar took a knock after the Wall Street Journal's Fed watcher Jon Hilsenrath said the central bank would keep the words "considerable time" in its policy statement, though it might qualify them.
The phrase has become a touchstone in markets for when the Fed might start raising interest rates and dropping it would be taken as a hawkish step.
Dealers said commodities were also boosted by reports that China's central bank would provide 500 billion yuan in short-term funding to the country's top five banks.
China's money rates opened sharply lower on the reports, which fuelled market hopes Beijing was ready to add more stimulus given recent weakness in housing, imports and industrial output.
Shares in Hong Kong bounced 1 per cent, while the CSI300 index of the leading Shanghai and Shenzhen A-share listings eked out a 0.2 per cent rise.
South Korea gained 0.7 per cent but Tokyo's Nikkei ended marginally in the red. MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan rallied 0.6 per cent after a run of losses.
In Europe, spreadbetters expected opening gains of between 0.2 per cent and 0.5 per cent for the FTSE 100, DAX and CAC 40.
Wall Street had ended Tuesday strongly in the wake of the Fed talk, with the Dow gaining 0.59 per cent, the S&P 500 0.75 per cent and the Nasdaq 0.75 per cent.
Bond investors were more guarded and yields on two-year Treasury debt dipped a slim 2 basis points to 0.54 per cent. The benchmark 10-year Treasury note was barely moved at 2.587 per cent.
Currencies were briefly ruffled with the US dollar losing a little of its recent gains. The dollar index eased back to 84.124, from a 84.372 top on Tuesday.
The dollar hovered at 107.24 yen from 107.34, while the euro inched up to $1.2950 from a trough of $1.2921.
Sterling continued to be shoved around as opinion polls showed the vote on Scottish independence was too close to call.
Three surveys - from pollsters ICM, Opinium and Survation - showed support for Scottish independence at 48 percent compared to 52 percent backing union.
The pound flew from $1.6163 to $1.6306 on Tuesday, before steadying at $1.6279 in Asia.
In commodities, copper futures firmed 0.4 per cent aided by the report on Chinese banks and the slight dip in the dollar. Spot gold was a shade firmer at $1,236.79 an ounce.
Oil prices eased a touch after bouncing on Tuesday as speculation grew of a supply cut from OPEC.
Brent crude was off 10 cents at $98.95 per barrel, while US crude futures fell 11 cents to $94.77.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

US says  close combat advisors  could battle jihadistsUS says  close combat advisors  could battle jihadists
Salmond urges Scots to seize the daySeptember 16, 2014 11:58 pm
Salmond urges Scots to seize the day
By Kiran Stacey in Edinburgh and Alistair Gray in Glasgow
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f1243870-3db4-11e4-b782-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Lesson for VVIP! Rehman Malik shown door after delaying flight for 2 hour  watch videoLesson for VVIP! Rehman Malik shown door after delaying flight for 2 hour  watch video
Zee Entertainment up on brokerage upgradeZee Entertainment up on brokerage upgrade
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 17, 2014 11:17 AM IST
Shares of Zee Entertainment Enterprises Ltd (ZEEL) were up nearly 2% at Rs 290 after Kotak Institutional Equities upgraded the stock to "add" from "reduce" earlier.
Zee is the best play on structural improvement in India's pay-TV market and booming consumption, the brokerage said in a note.
The brokerage has also revised the target price upwards to Rs 315 per share from Rs 300 earlier.
Further, the stock will be included in National Stock Exchange's benchmark index Nifty from Friday, September 19, 2014 replacing United Spirits.
The stock opened at Rs 289 and touched a high of Rs 293 so far on the BSE. Over 1.7 million shares were traded on both the stock exchanges so far.

7 stocks that returned upto 381% | Markets @ 12: top 20 stock betsYou are here: Home > Collections > Companies
FMCG, pharma back in demand as large MFs lap up stocks in August
Nikhil Walavalkar & Rajesh Naidu, ET Bureau Sep 17, 2014, 11.43AM IST
Tags:
August portfolio
(In the past nine months,…)
Mumbai: A sift through the August portfolio of mutual funds shows the return of FMCG and pharma stocks in new purchases. According to data provided by mutual fund tracking firm Value Research stocks such as Nestle , Dabur , Jyothy Laboratories and Aurobindo Pharma have emerged as new purchases by large fund houses such as Axis, Reliance and DSP BlackRock.
This can be attributed to the rally in cyclical companies, which are yet to show visible improvements in business fundamentals. "The first-quarter financial performance of Corporate India was disappointing," said Dipen Shah, head of private client group research at Kotak Securities. "Investors have realised that the rally in cyclical companies were driven more on sentiment rather than visible improvement in business fundamentals of companies."
In the past nine months, companies in cyclical sectors such as infrastructure, banks and capital goods generated high investor interest. This brought about a considerable rally in companies in these sectors.
For instance, the stock of construction company Sadbhav Engineering has jumped four times in the last one year to Rs 244. Due to this rally, experts point out that stocks in cyclical sectors have moved beyond their intrinsic values.
"Though investors have not sold off all their investments in cyclical stocks, there is some shift towards defensive stocks, which is a natural course of action for fund managers," said Kotak Securities' Shah.
Also, the valuation of pharmaceutical companies is one of the main reasons companies in the sector feature in the list of new purchases. "Valuations of pharmaceutical companies have been more attractive than most FMCG companies," said Niranjan Risbood, director of fund research at Morningstar India.
"Pharmaceuticals companies have been showing better sales and profits growth than FMCG. This justifies investments in pharmaceutical companies... Besides valuations, defensive stocks fall lesser than cyclicals, which have rallied considerably in the last nine months."
With regard to exits, fund houses have been bearish on metals and mining companies and in particular tyre companies. Fund houses such as Sundaram, SBI and IDFC have exited tyre manufacturing companies such as Apollo Tyres, Ceat and Goodyear India.
Besides this, fund houses have also sold metals and mining companies such as MOIL, Tata Metaliks, Tata Sponge Iron and Usha Martin. "The outlook on ore companies has been bearish since the time demand for ore and other metals reduced from China. This has impacted a large number of metal companies in India," said a fund manager with a leading brokerage on condition of anonymity. "Besides, these commodity companies have rallied significantly in the present bull run, presenting little scope for upside.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Chinese President wishes Modi on his birthdayChinese President wishes Modi on his birthday
PTI
Ahmedabad, Sept 17:  
Chinese President Xi Jinping wished Prime Minister Narendra Modi on his birthday today.
Chinese Ambassador to India Le Yucheng met the Prime Minister at the Raj Bhavan in Gandhinagar this morning and conveyed the best wishes of the President and top Chinese leadership to him on the occasion of his birthday, official sources said.
Xi will arrive in Ahmedabad today on a three-day visit to India which will be the third by any Chinese President to India.
Modi and Xi will hold talks on two occasions — first when the Prime Minister will host a private dinner for the visiting dignitary after his arrival in Ahmedabad and then in New Delhi tomorrow in restricted and delegation-level formats.
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

European shares set to rise ahead of Fed policy statementEuropean shares set to rise ahead of Fed policy statement
Reuters
Tweet
Paris, Sept 17:  
European stocks were set to rise on Wednesday, bouncing back from two-week lows and tracking a rally on Wall Street spurred by a report which shifted investor expectations for the Federal Reserve’s policy statement due on Wednesday.
Financial spreadbetters expected Britain’s FTSE 100 to open 13 to 16 points higher, or up 0.2 per cent, Germany’s DAX to open 38 to 41 points higher, or up 0.4 per cent, and France’s CAC 40 to open 22 to 24 points higher, or up 0.5 per cent.
After early losses in New York on Tuesday, major indexes rallied, with traders citing a report in the Wall Street Journal as indicating the Fed could be less hawkish than markets have been expecting.
The Fed began its two-day policy meeting on Tuesday, and while it has said it does not expect to raise rates until 2015, recent strong economic data has led Fed officials to acknowledge they may need to move sooner than they previously anticipated. Recent talk that the Fed might turn hawkish had pushed up US Treasury yields.
French, UK stocks
French stocks will be in the spotlight after Prime Minister Manuel Valls headed off a backbench revolt against his government late on Tuesday, winning a confidence vote after promising to preserve France’s social model, while pushing pro-business reforms intended to boost economic growth.
UK equities will also be in focus after three different opinion polls showed Scottish supporters of staying in the United Kingdom are 4 percentage points ahead of secessionists with just a day to go before Scots vote in an independence referendum.
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

Europe equities firm ahead of Fed decisionDollar rises sharply after Fed statement
By Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8a4091b0-3e1a-11e4-b782-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Foreign policy factsAlex Salmond brushes aside the foreign policy facts for Scotland
By Philip Stephens
©Getty
Scotland will renounce weapons of mass destruction and then saunter into the Nato nuclear alliance. So eager will be the EU to fling open its doors that it will skip the formalities, and Edinburgh will pick and choose among the terms of membership. The world, in other words, cannot wait to welcome an independent Scotland into its warm embrace. So says Alex Salmond , leader of the Scottish National party, as the nation prepares to vote on separation.
Things are not quite like that, of course. Many European governments fear that a vote for Scottish independence will give succour to separatist movements across the continent. They have little interest in making life easy for a new breakaway state.
More
Foreign policy in Germany
The US has made no secret about its fears of what the break-up of Britain will mean for the cohesion of the western alliance . Nuclear deterrence is at the heart of the organisation’s strategic concept. As Anders Fogh Rasmussen, the outgoing secretary-general, observed this week, each of the 28 existing member states would have to sign up to the admission of an anti-nuclear Scotland.
For Mr Salmond’s nationalists, these are inconvenient facts to be brushed aside, like the many outstanding economic questions, as English scaremongering. All those other states – in the EU and Nato – could be relied upon to discard their prejudices and interests in celebration of Scottish independence. Mr Rasmussen, José Manuel Barroso at the European Commission, the White House and anyone else you can think of will play a different tune after Thursday’s vote.
Beyond insisting that Scotland will banish the Trident nuclear missile system from the Clyde and that it will not be drawn into conflicts in the Middle East, Mr Salmond does not have a foreign policy for his new state. And on this last issue – the reach beyond the Middle East of Islamist extremism – the murder this week of Scottish aid worker David Haines has raised the question as to whether Scotland could so easily inoculate itself against the harsh realities of the wider world.
There is nothing to say that either European neighbours or the US would seek to isolate a Scotland that decided to strike out on its own. Over time it is entirely plausible to imagine it being welcomed into both the EU and Nato. The deception in the nationalist campaign lies in the assertion that everyone else would bend to Edinburgh’s will and allow Mr Salmond to dictate his own terms.

Anushka Sharma attends Burberry show at London FashionWeekFor the occasion, Anushka chose a Burberry Prorsum dress.
Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai | Posted: September 17, 2014 12:41 pm
Bollywood actress Anushka Sharma was among the special guests at luxury fashion house Burberry’s showcase of the spring-summer 2015 collection at the London Fashion Week.
The actress graced the front row at the show, which took place Monday at BFC Courtyard in London.
The actress’s manager tweeted a photograph of Anushka sitting in the audience, and captioned it: “@AnushkaSharma front row at the @Burberry finale in London #LFW (sic).”
For the occasion, Anushka chose a Burberry Prorsum dress, and she looked chic in a navy blue dress with a thigh-high slit on the side. She teamed it up with printed scarf and a slim belt. She also carried an emerald green Burberry tote and flaunted peep-toe booties.
“Anushka Sharma (@AnushkaSharma) stuns in @Burberry Prorsum at London Fashion Week…,” the manager tweeted along with another photograph of the “Band Baaja Baaraat” actress.
The actress will be next seen in Aamir Khan starrer “PK” and is also shooting for Zoya Akhtar’s “Dil Dhadakne Do”.

Chinese President Xi wishes Modi on his birthday; PM to host private dinner inAhmedabadPrime Minister Narendra Modi, right, poses with Chinese President Xi Jinping as he welcomes him upon his arrival in Ahmedabad. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | Ahmedabad | Posted: September 17, 2014 12:38 pm | Updated: September 17, 2014 5:36 pm
Chinese President Xi Jinping arrived here on Wednesday on a three-day visit, which is expected to define the relationship between the two neighbours who have had a troubled past.
Jinping, who arrived here from Sri Lanka, was welcomed by Gujarat Governor O P Kohli and Chief Minister Anandiben Patel, as well as the state Cabinet ministers.
The Chinese President is accompanied by his wife Peng Liyuan.
He is the first important foreign dignitary to begin his India visit from Gujarat.
 
— Syed Akbaruddin (@MEAIndia) September 17, 2014
On his arrival, Xi was accorded a police guard of honour. ALSO READ:  ‘Inch towards Miles’ is Modi mantra as Xi arrives today  Prime Minister Narendra Modi, when he was Gujarat chief minister, had visited China multiple times and built a relationship with the Communist Party leadership there. Highlighting the importance New Delhi is attaching to Xi’s visit, Modi has come here to receive the Chinese President. The city has been decked up by the administration to welcome the Chinese President here.
Prez Xi of China received by India’s Prime Minister @narendramodi in Ahmedabad. pic.twitter.com/Etz3AxkuKk — Syed Akbaruddin (@MEAIndia) September 17, 2014
The visit, for which elaborate security arrangements have been made, will witness signing of three MoUs between China and Gujarat, Modi’s home state.
Tight security has been put in place for Xi’s visit. Gujarat Police with the help from Central security agencies have made necessary arrangements.
During his brief stop here, Xi along with Modi will attend a business meet, visit Sabarmati Ashram and riverfront, where a walk and dinner has been arranged for the President and the delegation accompanying him.
One of the MoUs, to be inked between China Development Bank (CDB) and Industrial Extension Bureau (iNDEXTb) of Gujarat government, relates to development of industrial parks in the state.
Another pact will be signed between China’s Guangdong province and Gujarat government. The third MoU will be between Guangzhou and Ahmedabad cities for cultural exchange.
Top industrialists from both the countries will take part in the business meet.
The dinner, to be served in a dome on the Sabarmati Riverfront, will consist of only Gujarati delicacies and attended by 22 VVIPs, a government official said.
Xi, who arrived here in the afternoon, will leave for Delhi late in the evening.
Earlier, Chinese Ambassador to India Le Yucheng met Prime Minister Narendra Modi at Raj Bhavan in Gandhinagar in morning and conveyed the best wishes of the President and top Chinese leadership to him on the occasion of his birthday.
Modi received the Chinese President and his wife at Hotel Hyatt in Ahmedabad. He greeted Xi and continued…

Out of 4 assembly seats in Saurashtra  BJP losestwoPrint
Express News Service | Ahmedabad/rajkot/vadodara | Posted: September 17, 2014 12:37 pm
In the results of the by-elections to the one Lok Sabha and nine assembly seats declared on Tuesday, the Congress won three assembly seats, scripting history of sorts. The low voter turnout notwithstanding, the BJP kept up its performance in Vadodara Lok Sabha and Maninagar assembly seats – vacated by Modi -  where the party got over 70 per cent of the votes.
The BJP lost two out of four assembly constituencies in Saurashtra, as the Congress captured Khambhaliya seat in Devbhoomi Dwarka district after a gap of 25 years, with former minister Mulu Bera losing to Congress first-timer Meraman Goriya.
Incidentally, Congress had won bypolls to Visavadar Assembly seat in Junagadh and Abdasa in Kutch, held alongside the General Elections in April this year in which the BJP had swept all 26 Parliamentary seats in the state.
The total tally of the BJP in the Gujarat assembly on Tuesday was 120. One seat of Vajubhai Vala, who was appointed Karnataka governor, remains vacant. The BJP won 115 of 182 seats in the 2012 assembly elections and later won two more with Vitthal Radadiya and son Jayesh switching over to the BJP and winning the bypoll, taking its tally up to 117. The Congress tally went up to 58; the NCP has two seats and JD (U) one.
Goriya, who won by just 1,227 votes is a real estate dealer in Surat, originally hails from Khambhaliya town. Younger brother of Jesa Goriya, who was a minister in Shankersinh Vaghela’s government in the late 1990s, Goriya was convicted by a Surat court in a case of dacoity and attempt to murder in 1994, but the Gujarat High court had acquitted him.
Congress had won Khambhaliya seat last in 1990. Since 1995, the BJP had established its rule over the constituency. It had fallen vacant this year after Poonam Maadam resigned following her election to the Lok Sabha this April.
Congress also snatched back Mangrol seat in Junagadh district even as the BJP managed to retain its strongholds of Tankara in Morbi and Talaja in Bhavnagar. In Mangrol, Babu Vaja, president of Koli community in Junagadh and Gir Somnath districts, defeated Laxman Yadav of the BJP by a hefty margin of 22,682 and snatched back the Assembly seat from the saffron party after a gap of 12 years.
Vaja, a farmer, got the benefit of the dominance of Koli and Muslim voters in the constituency while Yadav, a Karadiya Rajput, could not muster enough support despite being a strong cooperative leader himself. This seat had fallen vacant after sitting BJP MLA Rajesh Chudasama was elected MP.
Bavanji Metaliya of the BJP defeated Congress candidate Lalit Kagathara from Tankara by 11,731 votes. Similarly, former MLA Shiva Gohil defeated Pravin Vala of the Congress from Talaja, with a margin of 9,518 votes. Tankara and Talaja had fallen vacant after Mohan Kundariya and Bharati Shiyal, respectively, were elected to the Lok Sabha.
The BJP also retained the remaining seats of Maninagar (Suresh Patel), Anand (Rohit Patel), Limkheda (Vichhiyabhai Bhuriya) and Matar (Kesrisinh Solanki).

Emirates yet to decide on A380 services to DelhiEmirates yet to decide on A380 services to Delhi
Ashwini Phadnis
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 17:  
Emirates has still not finalised its plans to bring the Airbus A380 to Delhi, Essa Suleiman Ahmad, Vice-President - India & Nepal, Emirates Airline, said on Wednesday.
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

Sensex up 54 points on Fed policy speculation; IT  TECk stocks major gainersTweet
Mumbai, Sept 17:  
Sensex was up 139 points on the back of good demand for IT and capital goods stocks. The benchmark index opened on a positive note at 26,627 against the previous close of 26,493. It made a high of 26,683 and low of 26,512 before closing at 26,631.
The turnover on the BSE was down at Rs 3,898 crore against Rs 4,369 crore logged on Tuesday.
On the NSE, Nifty was up 43 per cent at 7,975.
Most cement stocks on the BSE gained on hopes that the demand will revive with the southwest monsoon receding slowly.
Among IT stocks, Infosys gained two per cent to Rs 3,740 as the company said during market hours that Japan’s leading retailer Muji has deployed its InteractEdge software which will provide superior shopping experience through real time insights into the buying behaviour of customers.
Tata Consultancy Services was up one per cent at Rs 2,588 while Wipro rose one per cent to Rs 567. Wipro said that the company's subsidiary Wipro Arabia has entered into a strategic partnership with Saudi-based Saudi Electricity Company, the largest power utility company in the Middle East serving about 5 million customers in Saudi Arabia. Tech Mahindra and HCL Techologies were up 0.24 per cent and one per cent at Rs 2,427 and Rs 1,626.
Capital goods stocks that gained include ABB (India) (up 6%), Bharat Heavy Electricals (up 2%), BEML (up 1%), Bharat Electronics (up 1.19%), Crompton Greaves (up 4%), L&T (up 0.25%), Punj Lloyd (up 0.26%) and Siemens (up 3%).
SAIL was down 2% to Rs 75.55 on unconfirmed news that the Government is likely to offer five per cent discount on stake sale slated between September 24 and 26.
Major gainers were Nalco (7%), ABB (6%), Pipava Dockyard (4%), Bajaj Fin Service (4%), Crompoten Greaves (4%), Infratel (4%), Andhra Bank (4%), J&K Bank (4%) and CESC (4%).
Prominent losers were Reliance Communication (-4%), Shriram City Union Finance (4%), IRB (-4%) and Indian Hotels (-3%).
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

Narendra Modi  Happy BirthdayCardsPrint
Express LOL | New Delhi | Posted: September 17, 2014 1:09 pm | Updated: September 17, 2014 1:36 pm
Our Prime Minister celebrates his 64th birthday on Wednesday, and even though the man himself has asked people rather to donate to the Kashmir relief effort than celebrate his birthday, we at Express LOL have created a set of fun happy birthday cards for Narendra Modi. Happy Birthday, Sir!

Manoj Kumar wins legal battle  to get ArjunaAwardPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 17, 2014 12:54 pm
Forced to take the legal route after being denied the honour initially, Indian boxer Manoj Kumar will be bestowed the Arjuna Award as the Sports Ministry has finally accepted his nomination.
Manoj, a 2010 Commonwealth Games gold-medallist, told PTI that he was informed of the Ministry’s decision this morning.
“Mr Onkar Kedia, Joint Secretary (sports), informed my brother Rajesh of the development last evening. But the information reached me only this morning,” Manoj, who would be competing in the upcoming Asian Games in Incheon , said.
The controversial recommendation of boxer Jai Bhagwan for the Arjuna Awards had led to Manoj approaching the Sports Ministry officials, who, he said, had assured him that his name would be added to a list of 15 athletes in a review meeting.
But after being snubbed for a second time in the review meeting, Manoj took the legal route and filed a case in the Delhi High Court.
“It is not pleasant at all that I had to approach the court but there was no option left for me. I am glad that I have been proved right and it has lifted my morale ahead for the Asian Games,” said the light welterweight category boxer, who was a quarterfinalist at the recent Glasgow CWG.
“I am thankful to my elder brother Rajesh, who fought alone for me against a system which was bent on proving us wrong. It is sad that I had to fight like this for something that was rightfully mine,” he added.
The ministry, represented by Additional Solicitor General (ASG) Sanjay Jain, had admitted in the court that Manoj was initially not considered for the award by the committee as they mistakenly believed that he was involved in a doping case.

Three years in jail for man who molested two minor daughtersPrint
Written by Adam Halliday | Aizawl | Posted: September 17, 2014 12:59 pm
A court in Mizoram’s Lunglei district has convicted and imposed a fine on a man for molesting his two minor daughters.
Additional District and Sessions Courth Judge Vanlalenmawia on Tuesday sentenced the man to three years rigorous imprisonment and fined him Rs 1000 after finding him guilty of forcing his two daughters, aged 10 and 8, to touch his private parts and touching theirs in turn.
The girls’ parents had separated earlier and were living apart, the siblings living with their father at the time.
After almost a year since the molesting began, the sisters complained to their mother in February this year. The mother lodged an FIR with police and the man was subsequently arrested and kept in judicial custody.

Programme to reward hard working traffic copsUpdated: September 17, 2014 13:22 IST
Programme to reward hard working traffic cops
Vinayashree Jagadeesh
Tweet
The Hindu A Bangalore traffic police personnel. File Photo: K Gopinathan
To recognize and reward hard working traffic police personnel in the city, the Bangalore Traffic police has launched a programme in association with Traffic Police Care, an NGO.
The program will involve a public polling system where commuters will vote on whether they are happy with the policing in a particular area.
The traffic police jurisdiction with most votes will be rewarded.
RELATED NEWS

Insilco shuts its plant till Oct 15  2014Sep 17, 2014, 01.08 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Insilco shuts its plant till Oct 15, 2014
Insilco Ltd has informed BSE that the Company's Plant will remain shut down from September 18, 2014 to October 15, 2014 due to high inventory and low sales volume. The Company shall also carry out routine preventive maintenance and cleaning during this time.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Insilco shuts its plant till Oct 15, 2014
Insilco Ltd has informed BSE that the Company's Plant will remain shut down from September 18, 2014 to October 15, 2014 due to high inventory and low sales volume. The Company shall also carry out routine preventive maintenance and cleaning during this time.
Post your opinion here
 
Insilco Ltd has informed BSE that the Company's Plant will remain shut down from September 18, 2014 to October 15, 2014 due to high inventory and low sales volume.The Company shall also carry out routine preventive maintenance and cleaning during this time.Source : BSE

On-tap licences: RBI says final norms in FY15On-tap licences: RBI says final norms in FY15
Why the Alibaba model does not work in IndiaWhy the Alibaba model does not work in India
Buy Tata Motors; target of Rs 580: Religare CapitalLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy Tata Motors; target of Rs 580: Religare Capital
Religare Capital is bullish on Tata Motors and has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target of Rs 580 in its September 15, 2014 research report.
Post your opinion here
 
Religare Capital`s research report on Tata Motors
JLR’s wholesale volumes for August grew only 2.4% YoY to 31,650 units, while retail growth also was moderate at 9% to 30,249 units. Land Rover volumes continued to drive growth even as Jaguar volumes were muted. Region-wise, China/the Asia Pacific posted the strongest growth of 25%/ 24%, while NA turned negative. Despite below-estimated August volumes, we maintain our FY15/FY16 estimates at 15%/14% YoY and restate BUY on TTMT with a Sep’15 TP of Rs 580 on (a) a growing China market, (b) planned capacity additions and (c) contribution from new launches.
 
JLR’s wholesale volume growth muted in August: JLR’s August wholesale volumes grew only 2.4% YoY to 31,650 units (vs. 33,500-34,000 estimated). While Jaguar volumes fell sharply to 4,658 units (-11% YoY, -37% MoM), Land Rover volumes improved YoY to 26,992 units (5% YoY, -16% MoM). The YTD tally stands at 186,273 units (+19% YoY) – still ahead of the targeted +15% YoY.
Retail growth also moderate at 9% YoY: JLR’s retail growth in August remained modest at 9% YoY (+8% in July, +17% YTD) to 30,249 units, led by a 12% growth in Land Rover (+19% YTD) even as Jaguar sales dipped 6% (+6% YTD, base of +92%). Retail growth of 45%/63% for the new Range Rover/Range Rover Sport continued to outperform other carlines. Volumes for Defender/Freelander grew by 19%/4%, while Evoque/Discovery sales slid ~3%/18%. For Jaguar carlines, F-Type continued to grow YoY (albeit only a marginal 1% in August) whereas XF/XJ sales dipped by another 10%/8% YoY. Region-wise, while China and the Asia Pacific posted the strongest growth of ~25% YoY, growth turned negative (-12%) in North America (first time in the recent past). Europe/UK reported 21%/9% growth.
View: While August wholesale volumes missed estimates, we maintain our FY15/FY16 volume growth estimates at 15%/14% owing to growing strength in the China market, planned capacity additions and contribution from new launches over the next two years. We see a volume pick-up in Q4FY15 as deliveries of the recently-launched Jaguar XE (high-volume segment) and Discovery Sports (replacing Freelander) begin. Further, local manufacturing (and expanding dealership) in China and easing of capacity constraints in the UK should aid volumes. Maintain BUY on TTMT with Sep’15 TP of Rs 580.
For all recommendations, click here  
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

NIIT  EC Council launch training programme for ethical hackersNIIT, EC Council launch training programme for ethical hackers
Navadha Pandey
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 17:  
NIIT and EC Council on Wednesday entered into a partnership to introduce a training programme in ethical hacking.
The companies aim to create a manpower tool of trained cyber defenders for the country.
According to estimates, India lost $8 billion due to cybercrime.
Shivan Bhargava, Group President -Skills and Careers Group, NIIT, said, "The country needs around 77,000 ethical hackers each year and we want to create professionals who will enter this space."
Forbes ranks ethical hacking as the second highest paying job of the future.
EC Council is a certification body for IT security professionals.
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

Factory China and back office India to drive global engine  says Chinese President XiChinese President Xi Jinping arrives in India for trade talks
Agencies |  Sep 17, 2014 03:48 PM IST
Chinese President Xi Jinping and China's first lady Peng Liyuan being welcomed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi at The Hotel Hyatt in Ahmedabad. The two leaders will oversee signing of three MoUs between government representatives of both the nations
Chinese President Xi Jinping arrived in Gujarat for a 3-day tour of India. The President and first lady Peng Liyuan was received by Gujarat Chief Minister Anandiben Patel at Ahmedabad airport followed by a grand welcome that included a traditional Gujarati dance.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi who celebrates his 64th birthday today will receive the President at Hotel Hyatt. This is the first visit to India by a Chinese President since 2006.
A combination of the "world's factory" and the "world's back office" will drive global economic growth, Chinese President Xi Jinping said ahead of a rare visit to India on Wednesday, playing down mistrust that has kept the Asian giants apart.
 
India's new prime minister, Narendra Modi, is determined to build closer relations with the world's second-largest economy, whose leader arrives on Modi's 64th birthday and comes with pledges to invest billions of dollars in railways, industrial parks and roads.
 
"As the two engines of the Asian economy, we need to become cooperation partners spearheading growth," Xi wrote in a column in The Hindu newspaper.
 
He said China's strong manufacturing base and India's software and scientific skills had massive potential both as a production base and for creating a consumer market.
 
Modi is seeking more access for India's IT services and pharmaceuticals to China to help balance $65 billion in annual trade that is heavily tilted in China's favour.
 
They may also discuss working together on civilian nuclear programmes and seek a solution for a long-running travel visa row, Indian officials said.
 
Modi hopes the leaders of the world's two most populous nations will establish a personal rapport to match the warmth he shares with Japanese Prime Minister Abe, who wished Modi in a phone call on Wednesday morning, Indian media reported.
 
But beyond the smiles and the commercial embrace, ties between nuclear-armed India and China are marked by competition for energy and regional clout as well as a festering border dispute that led to a brief war 52 years ago.
 
Even as officials rolled out red carpets for Xi in Gujarat's main city, Ahmedabad, friction emerged over a Himalayan border incursion and a pact between India and Vietnam to explore oil and gas in parts of the South China Sea claimed by Beijing.
 
In his column, Xi said the two sides were "properly managing problems and differences" and that they shared one of the most dynamic and promising bilateral relations of the 21st century.
 
In one sign that India wants the Xi visit to be a success, New Delhi asked the Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama to reschedule an event in the capital so that it would not clash with the Chinese president's trip there on Friday.
 
The Dalai Lama, whom Beijing labels a separatist seeking an independent Tibet, has lived in India since fleeing across the Himalayas after a failed uprising against Chinese rule of his homeland in 1959. Police detained a small group of Tibetan protesters from outside China's embassy in Delhi on Wednesday.
 
MODI'S "INTENSIVE" FOREIGN POLICY
 
In a little more than 100 days since he came to power, Modi has engaged in what his government describes as "an intensive state of global engagement", reaching out to smaller neighbours and clasping Japan's Abe in a bear hug on his first major trip outside South Asia.
 
He is due to visit Washington and New York at the end of the month.
 
India has taken a tougher stance on Beijing's practice of issuing stapled, rather than printed, visas to Indian citizens from the disputed regions of Arunachal Pradesh and Ladakh. Foreign Minister Sushma Swaraj told her Chinese counterpart she expected China to accept a "one India policy."
 
"When they raised with us the issue of Tibet and Taiwan, we appreciated their sensitivities. So we also want that they should understand and appreciate our sensitivities regarding Arunachal," she told reporters earlier this month.
 
India said on Tuesday it would firmly defend its 3,500-km (2,200-mile) border with China after domestic media reported a new face-off on the frontier.
 
"The two ... have the opportunity to craft a new kind of relationship between great powers that is very different from the Western-dominated, post-World War Two model of great power ties," said Jabin Jacob of the Institute of Chinese Studies in New Delhi.
 
"It remains to be seen, however, whether Modi and Xi can together summon the vision and statesmanship needed to grab the opportunity," he wrote in a commentary before the visit.
 
Modi is not the only regional leader seeking strategic influence, defence partners and economic opportunities.
 
Earlier this month, Abe visited Bangladesh and Sri Lanka, asserting Tokyo's interest in a region where it has ceded influence to China.
 
Xi followed this week with trips to the Maldives, the Indian Ocean island nation that New Delhi has long considered its area of influence, and Sri Lanka, where the two sides built on a blossoming relationship by agreeing to launch negotiations for a free trade agreement.

Apollo to acquire HMSL s pharmacy stores for about Rs 146 crApollo Hospitals acquires Hetero Pharmacy assets for Rs 146 cr
BS Reporter | Chennai Sep 17, 2014 01:31 PM IST
Apollo Hospitals Enterprise Ltd (AHEL) has announced acquisition of Hyderbad-based pharmacy chain Hetero Med Solutions Ltd (HMSL) for a consideration of Rs 146 crore.
Apollo Hospitals sources has said the acquisition involves assets of HMSL and not the company. At present HMSL has around 320 stores across Telengana, Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu.
Post the completion of acquisition these stores is expected to be renamed as Apollo Pharmacy.
The acquisition will be funded through internal accruals and debt, said company sources.
According to Apollo's statement "the acquisition would be in the form of purchase of the business undertaking, on a slump sale basis, subject to completion of due diligence and other statutory formalities".
The sales is part of the Hetero Group promoters' decision to exit pharmacy retail business and focus on their core pharmacy and bulk drugs business, it added.
Currently, Apollo Pharmacy is the largest organised pharmacy chain in the country and the acquisition would help it to cement the position along with consolidating its operations in the three States. At present there are about 1680 Apollo pharmacies across the country.
Shobana Kamineni, executive vice chairperson of AHEL in a statement said, "In order to drive the standalone pharmacy business segment's growth to the next stage, Apollo was on the look out for acquisitions to grow inorganically and considers the Hetero Pharmacy chain as the right choice given its significant presence in the relevant territories."
HMSL clocked Rs 160 crore revenue and negative Ebitda (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization) of Rs 3.90 crore in 2013-2014. Its stores have recorded a break even at the store level in 2013-2014 while the Ebitda loss is mainly on account of the backend expenses.
On an average HMSL per pharmacy clocks about Rs 15,000 a day. Considering Apollo Pharmacy would not be able to open more than 100-120 stores a year in the region, where it already has its strong presence, it would have taken AHEL three years to open 300-320 stores in organic model. Besides, it would take another one year to achieve the sales per store Hetero Pharmacy currently have.
The acquisition helped AHEL to gain four years' efforts in one go, said a source close to the development.
Besides, Hetero Pharmacy does not have private label business. The acquisition will open these stores to the private label business of AHEL, which contributes around six% of the sales of Apollo Pharmacy, into 320 more stores immediately. This is expected to bring in an additional Rs 50 crore business in private label, they said.
The company is expected to complete the acquisition process in two quarters, subject to the due diligence and other statutory formalities and to break even by the end of this year or early next year.
The acquisition would not have much of impact on the existing pharmacy business, as the negative Ebitda in Hetero Pharmacy is marginal and the company expects not to spend more into the acquired assets.
Apollo Pharmacy plans to leverage its existing backend infrastructure to drive economies of scale, thereby accelerating profitability for these stores, said the company.
Hetero was one of the top organised pharmacy retail chains in terms of number of stores.
The second largest organised pharmacy chain after Apollo Hospitals, with a higher number of stores is the Hyderabad-based Medplus, which has over 1,050 pharmacies across the country, claims Medplus.
The rest of the players, at least in this part of the country has around 50 or 100 stores, a volume which might not be attractive for Apollo Pharmacy to acquire them, said an industry expert.
It may be noted that Apollo Pharmacy has recently completed rationalisation of its stores, by closing down outlets which were not profitable and adding new stores. It also has launched large format pharmacy chains, with over 1,000 sq ft, where it has space for more wellness products.

Sony warns of annual net loss of $2.14bn© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b1fc9c88-3e35-11e4-b7fc-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sensex tumbles 324 pts over US rate hike fearsUS rate hike fears hit markets as Sensex, Nifty fall most in 7 weeks
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 16, 2014  | 17:15 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
In their worst single-day drop in nearly 7 weeks, Sensex plunged 324 points to 26,492.51 and Nifty tanked 109 points to 7,932.90 on negative cues from jittery global markets before the US Federal Reserve's much-awaited monetary policy meeting that starts later on Tuesday.
An earlier-than-anticipated rate hike by Fed could lead to outflows, hurting emerging markets as the incentive for investors to seek higher yields stands reduced. Major markets in Asia ended down and Europe was weak in morning trades.
Domestic investors also took money off the table in recent out-performers in sectors including realty , banking, consumer durables and oil & gas. All the 12 BSE sectoral indices ended in the red.
Smallcap and midcap stocks, which in previous sessions had bucked a weak trend, saw a huge sell-off with their indices falling over 3 per cent each.
The 30-share Sensex after resuming higher at 26,854.90, improved to 26,861.29. However, it succumbed to widespread selling in blue-chips and slipped to day's low of 26,464.03, before ending at 26,492.51 - down 324.05 points, or 1.21 per cent. This is its worst drop since August 1 when Sensex had plummeted 414.13 points. Today's closing is also its weakest since August 26 (26,442.81).
Among major laggards, Tata Power suffered the most by plunging 5.85 per cent. Others include Tata Steel, Hindalco, NTPC, Tata Motors, ONGC, RIL, GAIL, SBI, Axis Bank and L&T.
Bucking the trend, stocks of Dr Reddy's, Bharti Airtel , ITC, Mahindra and Mahindra and Infosys gained.
The 50-share Nifty dropped 109.10 points, or 1.36 per cent, to close below 8,000 mark at 7,932.90 after moving between 8,044.90 and 7,925.15 intra-day. Tuesday's drop is also Nifty's worst show since August 1 when it fell 118.70 points.
"Market players will be looking for clues on the timing of the first US rate hike in more than eight years. Consensus is that the Fed will hike interest rates next year and it may declare the timelines today," said HDFC Securities in a note.
Sectorally, the BSE Realty sector index suffered the most by losing 3.42 per cent, followed by Power down 3.26 per cent, Capital Goods 2.70 per cent and Oil & Gas 2.67 per cent.
Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) sold shares worth a net Rs 74.59 crore on Monday as per provisional data released by stock exchanges.

Farmers get tech savvy to save India s bread basketFarmers get tech savvy to save India's bread basket
Nita Bhalla     Karnal    Last Updated: September 16, 2014  | 20:21 IST
Photo:  Reuters
Erratic weather, rising temperatures,  declining water resources and labour shortages are threatening Haryana, forcing farmers to abandon age-old  practices and adopt technology to ensure food supplies for millions.
Using  machines which sow rice directly, devices to inform when to irrigate  and phone messages warning of infestations, thousands of farmers are  learning to adapt to climate change, boost soil fertility and reduce  their carbon emissions.
"At first, many farmers were unsure. It's  a big risk to change the way you have farmed for decades and try new  things. Agriculture in these parts is not just a livelihood, it's a way  of life," said Harpreet Singh, 36, a farmer in the village of Birnaraya,  130 km (80 miles) north of Delhi.
"But over the last four years,  through these technologies, we have learnt to save water and  fertilisers, cut our costs for hired labour, improved the resilience of  our crops and also reduced pollution by not burning crop residues."
Singh  is from one of 12,000 farming households across 27 villages in  Haryana's Karnal district working with scientists from the Consultative  Group on International Agricultural Research (CGIAR) to pilot climate  smart techniques aimed at sustaining one of the country's most fertile  belts.
SAVING INDIA'S BREAD BASKET
Since India's so-called  " Green Revolution " - a massive government programme rolled out in the  1960s and 1970s which increased the use of fertilisers and irrigation to  boost farm output - Haryana's rice production has soared to almost 4  million tonnes in 2013/14 compared to 334,000 tonnes in 1966/67.
But  while the Green Revolution may be credited with ending famine across  the country, it has come at a cost and, coupled with more unpredictable  weather attributed to global warming, India's food security is once  again at risk.
Almost half a century on, farmers face  environmental problems such as depleted groundwater because of intensive  pumping for irrigation, soil degradation and soil salinity.
"Resources  are depleting. Groundwater levels are falling, there is emerging  climate variability, the soil health is worsening, and profitability is  going down," said M.L. Jat, an agronomist with the International Maize  and Wheat Improvement Centre (CIMMYT).
The Indo-Gangetic Plains -  which include the rice and wheat states of Haryana and Punjab - are  particularly vulnerable to climate change, say experts from the U.N.  Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC).
Scientists  predict average temperatures here to increase by as much as five degrees  Celsius by 2080, seriously affecting wheat crops. An April study by the  Indian Agricultural Research Institute projects climate change may  reduce India's wheat yield by between 6 to 23 percent by 2050.
Rice  will also be hit due to unpredictable rainfall. Indian officials say  the water table has fallen between one and 13 metres in different parts  of Karnal over the last two decades.
The region, which is heavily  dependent on migrant labour from poorer states, is also facing  shortages due to a government scheme to employ more people in  construction near their homes.
"HAPPY SEEDERS"
In response to these challenges, agricultural groups are introducing Karnal's farmers to a host of climate smart technologies.
These  include techniques such as direct seeding which involves sowing seeds  by machines rather than transplanting manually, which reduces labour and  water.
Other new technology includes Lazer Levellers -  tractor-towed, laser-controlled devices - that produce a flat surface  for cultivation, requiring 25 to 30 percent less water.
Farmers  are being introduced to tools such as "Happy Seeders" which can be  attached to the back of tractors. These remove crop residues, blending  them into the soil, preventing the practice of burning crop residues  that has led to increased emissions and depleted soil fertility.
"We  didn't know anything about these advanced technology machines before,"  said Manoj Kumar Munjal, 40, who farms a 20-acre plot of land in Taorori  village.
"We have learnt about these machines and set up a  cooperative where we all put in the money together and bought machines  and share them. Now everyone is using it."
Farmers are also receive voice messages giving weather forecasts, informing of new seed varieties and infestations.
EXPENSIVE TECHNOLOGIES
But these technologies do not come cheap. A Lazer Leveller, for example, costs more than $6,000.
In  villages such as Munjal's, farmers have clubbed together to buy new  machinery, while in others, one farmer invests in the hardware and rents  it out to others.
CGIAR said a similar project is underway in the eastern state of Bihar using lower cost techniques on smaller plots.
On  his sprawling 90-acre farm, Harpreet Singh crouched down amongst his  rice paddy stalks and checked his tensiometer, a device planted in the  ground to measure moisture content.
Singh said over the last four  years, his income has increased by 15 per cent due to savings made on  electricity for irrigation, diesel for residue burning, labour and  fertilisers. But it is the saving on water which satisfies him the most.
"Day  by day, the ground water levels are going down and down. If we continue  like this, its only a matter of time before we don't have water to  drink, let alone to farm," he said.
(Thomson Reuters Foundation)

Metis Learning partners Intel to launch kids tablet for Rs. 9 999NEW DELHI, September 16, 2014
Updated: September 16, 2014 20:57 IST
Metis Learning partners Intel to launch kids tablet for Rs. 9,999
Staff Reporter
computers
The educational tablet, Eddy, for kids will be launched exclusively on Amazon’s India website for about a month, after which it will be available across leading electronics and toy stores.
Metis Learning has partnered chip maker Intel to launch an educational tablet ‘Eddy’, aimed at children aged from 2 years to 10 years, for Rs.9,999.
The tablet will be available exclusively on Amazon’s India website for about a month, after which it will be available across leading electronics and toy stores.
“We had earlier launched a beta version and it got a tremendous response,” Metis Learning Solution co-founder Bharat Gulia said. He, however, did not share the number of units sold.
The device, powered by an Intel processor, will come with discounts and offers worth Rs.4,500 for a limited period.
He said, “In the western world, kids tablet is a big market. Of the total tablet market, it accounts for about 10 per cent share. In India, however, it is at a very nascent stage. We have conducted studies and are confident that this market will grow.”
According to IDC, tablet sales in India grew 9 per cent to 0.85 million units in April-June 2014.
The tablet will come pre-loaded with over 160 learning apps selected by Metis’ educators and content experts to accelerate a child’s social, emotional and cognitive development.
It features a seven-inch screen, 16 GB memory (expandable upto 32GB), 1GB RAM, 2MP front and rear cameras, 2800 mAH battery and 3G connectivity via dongles.
Besides enabling the solution, Intel would work towards market expansion of the education tablet category, its South Asia Director (Marketing and Market Development) Sandeep Arora said.

Billionaire Thiel tells Apple: Innovate moreBillionaire Peter Thiel tells Apple: Innovate more
By Heather Long   @byHeatherLong September 17, 2014: 5:41 PM ET
 
Peter Thiel: Apple Pay isn't a breakthrough
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Billionaire Peter Thiel has some advice for Apple ( AAPL , Tech30 ): Think bigger.
The Apple Watch and Apple Pay aren't true breakthroughs, Thiel argues. Something like an Apple Television might be.
"You need to come up with something that is vastly better than the next best thing," he told CNN's Erin Burnett in an interview airing on OutFront at 7pm ET Tuesday.
Thiel co-founded PayPal and was an early investor in Facebook ( FB , Tech30 ), among other Silicon Valley startups. Today he's full of criticism for everything from Alibaba to Harvard University.
Related: Alibaba 101: the biggest IPO of all time
The 46-year-old thinks the U.S. is looking at years of stagnation if it doesn't start innovating more. That's his main message in his new book, "Zero to One: Notes on Startups or How to Build the Future."
It's more than words for the wealthy investor. He's gone as far as founding the Thiel fellowship program, where he offers to pay bright college students to drop out of school and start companies.
"A diploma is a dunce hat in disguise," he said . That's especially the case if you don't graduate from a top school, he said.
Related: Watch Peter Thiel's comments on college
Thiel himself is a graduate of Stanford University and Stanford Law School, but he claims his biggest mistake in his 20s was not questioning the norm enough. So far, 83 young people have been through Thiel's program.
Former Harvard University president Larry Summers has called the program "the single most misdirected bit of philanthropy in this decade."
Thiel fires back that if Harvard's education model is so great, why are they limiting it to 6,700 students? Why not increase the undergraduate student body to 20,000 or even 100,000?
Related: Is a college degree worth it?
As for Alibaba, the much talked about Chinese e-commerce giant that is expected to start trading this week on the New York Stock Exchange, it also gets an indifferent shrug from Thiel.
"It's fundamentally a political investment," he said, noting that Saudi Arabia and Iran probably have a freer online system than China. "I would not buy [Alibaba] although I think it will go up some."
Thiel also lashed out at Twitter ( TWTR , Tech30 ), calling the company "mismanaged" on CNBC Wednesday and saying there's "probably a lot of pot smoking going on there." Twitter CEO Dick Costolo jokingly said in a tweet that he would respond a bit later because he was "working my way through a giant bag of Doritos."
These days, Thiel is invested in companies such as Lyft, ZocDoc and Airbnb.
"If you held a gun to my head and said what's the next $100 billion company, I would say Airbnb," he said, praising the company as the next big thing out of Silicon Valley.
Related: Is Airbnb really worth $10 billion?
He's also a fan of monopolies. He published an opinion piece in the Wall Street Journal over the weekend, arguing that monopolies are a necessary part of innovation. The headline read: "Competition is for losers."
"You don't want to just do 'me too' companies that are copying what others are doing," he said. "The reward for coming up with something new is you are the only person who has it. We protect monopolies with copyright."
First Published: September 16, 2014: 7:35 PM ET
Most Popular

View: Rajan may be right about a  crash  | RBI Guv: Spend carefullyWhy RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan may be right about a ‘crash’
Sep 17, 2014, 08.37AM IST
Tags:
(Given the Fed’s policy…)
By Soumya Kanti Ghosh
In a series of recent interviews, Reserve Bank of India governor Raghuram Rajan warned of a 'crash' should there be sudden reversal in risk perception already distorted by unconventional monetary policies in the West. The rational response to the exuberance in the prices of financial assets is that they have always been irrational. And Rajan may be right this time!
Global economic outlook is grounded in optimism despite data showing the contrary. Interestingly, the word 'geopolitical' appeared only once in RBI's June statement; in August it appeared thrice. The US and Japan have contracted and EU is in the midst of a fresh bank bailout. The financial markets around the world, more so in the US and Europe, continue to rise. The Dow has risen more than 50% since 2008 and during this hiatus, the US Q2GDP (and also in Q1) expanded by more than 4%. What could possibly explain this disconnect between the stellar performance of financial markets in the backdrop of continued modest real growth?
A peep into history shows some structural transformations have occurred in the financial sector of advanced economies. If the balance sheet (BS) size of banks is taken as proxy, then the size has grown dramatically in relation to underlying economic activity over the past century. For example, for the US, there has been a secular rise in banks' assets from around 60% of GDP in 1950 to over 100% by 2008.
For the UK, from about 50% of GDP in the early 1970s, banks' assets in relation to national income have risen 10-fold to over 500% of GDP. The return on equity of financial sector companies has outpaced those in non-financial sector by a factor of two. Recently, a body of new empirical literature pointed out that disproportionately higher growth in the financial sector reduces real growth, dampening long-run productivity in the process. In other words, financial boom is not growth enhancing as it distorts the allocative efficiency of the economy.
The financial sector, in the run-up to 2008, had grown on high leverage both on and off balance sheet, and expanding exposure to trading assets vis-a-vis the traditional assets. Leverage continues to be a serious cause of concern across regulators even today. The Basel III accord has promptly checked this by incorporating the leverage ratio and has subsequently followed this up with a resolution regime mechanism to ensure orderly winding-up of entities that fail.
High debt is not just a problem of the financial sector but also a problem of the government and household sector in the US and Europe. A Bank of International Settlement study of 2011 examining linkages between debt and economic activity in 18 industrial countries found that high debt is bad for growth. Hence, unless the economic system as a whole delivers, the growth prospects of the global economy projected at 3% and more by IMF can itself falter.
  While high debt continues to plague the major economies, the initial response to the situation in 2008 was a massive injection of liquidity, reducing interest rates close to zero bound and in some cases altering the slope of the yield curve. The measures may have restored peace in financial markets, but with the benefit of hindsight, one must look into the possible externalities such measures have created.
Artificially lower interest rates have distorted investment decisions and made risk pricing arbitrary. At lower rates, an otherwise unviable project must have been judged viable. As central bank tries to exit exceptional measures, the ensuing rise in long yield can make those very viable projects unviable.
In 2012, the Treasury Committee at House of Commons asked the Bank of England (BOE) to highlight the redistributive impact of monetary policy, and explain the costs and benefits of their policy actions to groups that are perceived to have been particularly badly impacted. In response to this question, BOE admitted that exceptional measures had redistributive costs and there were clear winners and losers.
Households in the upper quantiles have benefited from the appreciation in asset prices following the unconventional response. Pension fund and insurance companies have been squeezed by ultra-low interest rates particularly where benefits have an embedded guarantee. The interaction of these unintended consequences with secular rise in dependency ratio over the next decade may aggravate the hardship.
Back home, the million-dollar question is: when will the RBI cut rate? If we leave aside inflation, purely on the basis of an uncertain risk appetite and the US monetary policy will warrant no change in policy rates. In fact, with Fed giving out hints that "increases in the federal funds rate target could come sooner than the Committee currently expects and could be more rapid thereafter", the situation looks more challenging.
After all, going by historical trends, if Fed raises policy rates without a concomitant raise in repo rate, there is indeed clear evidence of capital outflows! Add to this a new round of geopolitical risks, with Scotland going for referendum on September 18, the RBI's tone going forward may continue to be hawkish even if retail inflation cools off.
(The writer is Chief Economic Advisor, State Bank of India. Saket Hishikar, economist, SBI, co-authored this article. Views are personal)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Investments on agenda  Modi to receive Chinese president XiInvestments on agenda, Modi to receive Chinese president Xi
AFP  Ahmedabad, September 17, 2014
First Published: 08:53 IST(17/9/2014) | Last Updated: 20:24 IST(17/9/2014)
Comments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will spend his 64th birthday on Wednesday at a private dinner with Xi Jinping in Gujarat, as the Chinese president begins a visit that will set the tone for relations between Asia's rival superpowers.
Modi moved quickly to engage with China after taking office in May, and has pulled out all the stops for Xi's first state visit to India.
The Chinese president will fly into Ahmedabad, where giant billboards in Mandarin, Gujarati and English have been put up to welcome him.
Grand welcome for Chinese president Xi in Modi's Ahmedabad, 3 MoUs signed
But Modi has also made clear he sees China as a competitor and intends to pursue a more muscular foreign policy than the previous centre-left Congress party government.
Modi-led BJP government recently eased restrictions on construction in the areas up to 100 kilometres of its disputed border, allowing the Indian military to build roads and other infrastructure in an area that China claims as its own.
But both sides say they want to focus on economic cooperation, with India seeking Chinese funding for a planned overhaul of its dilapidated railways and cooperation in nuclear energy.
China is India's biggest trading partner, with annual two-way commerce of more than $65 billion. But Indian data shows the trade deficit with China has soared to more than $40 billion from just $1 billion in 2001-02.
Read: Just ahead of Xi visit, India-Vietnam deal on China’s mind
Modi, who ran for election promising to revive India's flagging economy, called for more Chinese investment when he met Xi in Brazil in July.
China meanwhile is eager to cement its relationship with its western neighbour at a time of heightened tensions with Japan and several Southeast Asian nations over disputed territory.
Rajrishi Singhal, senior fellow at New Delhi think tank Gateway House, said Xi would be eager to allay India's fears over the widening trade deficit during his visit.
"The tenor and purpose of President Xi Jinping's visit to India... can be gauged from the large size of the delegation accompanying him, comprising of senior ministers, leading business barons and bankers," said Singhal.
"Apart from the scheduled talks on political, security and border issues, the Chinese president's visit is likely to primarily focus on allaying the Indian government's growing discomfort over the widening trade deficit between the two countries."
China to invest in India
Modi has spoken of his admiration for China's economic growth in the last decade.
But he also enjoys a close relationship with Japan's President Shinzo Abe, and analysts have said he may be able to leverage Beijing's rivalry with Tokyo to secure Chinese investment.
China's consul-general in Mumbai Liu Youfa told the Times of India daily ahead of the visit that Xi would "commit investments of over $100 billion", pointing out that this was three times the amount pledged by Japan during a visit by Modi earlier this month.
Xi heads to India after visiting the Maldives and Sri Lanka as China increasingly asserts its influence in a region that has traditionally come under India's sphere of influence.
Video: Xi Jinping to arrive in India today, to set tone for Asia's rival superpowers
Read: How PM Modi is reaching out to China via Japan
Colombo has sought to allay Indian fears by insisting its relations with Beijing are based on commercial rather than security considerations.
But some in New Delhi still fear China's growing engagement in the region is a deliberate strategy to encircle India.
The presence of the Dalai Lama, Tibet's exiled spiritual leader, is another source of tension between India and China, and New Delhi is on alert for any protests during Xi's visit.
Xi will visit Gandhi's former hermitage, now a museum, and have dinner with Modi in a tent on the riverbank in Ahmedabad, where he is expected to announce plans to build a Chinese-funded industrial park.
On Thursday he will hold formal talks with Modi and President Pranab Mukherjee in New Delhi and sign a series of agreements with the Prime Minister, before departing for China on Friday.

Mail.Ru takes over  Russia s Facebook  VKontakteSep 17, 2014 at 11:59am IST
Mail.Ru takes over 'Russia's Facebook' VKontakte
4
0
Moscow: A media company owned by Kremlin-friendly oligarch Alisher Usmanov has splashed out $1.5 billion to gain full control of Russia's most popular social network, VKontakte, referred to as 'Russia's Facebook', bringing an end to a months-long dispute that saw the original investors sue each other in court.
London-listed Mail.Ru Group said in a statement Tuesday that it now owns the whole of VKontakte following its purchase of a 48 per cent stake from investment fund United Capital Partners. Mail.Ru first invested in VKontakte in 2007 and since then has spent over $2.1 billion accumulating stock.
VKontakte is Russia's most popular social network and has over 270 million accounts.
Mail.Ru Group splashed out $1.5 billion to gain full control of Russia's most popular social network, VKontakte.
#russia #social networking #vkontakte #mail ru
Usmanov, who is reputed to be worth $18.6 billion, was named Russia's richest man by the Russian Forbes magazine earlier this year.
Mail.Ru's chief executive Dmitry Grishin lauded the deal, saying "the termination of all outstanding shareholder disputes will allow focus on the product and its further development."
VKontakte's original investors parted ways in 2013 when two of them sold their combined 48 percent to United Capital Partners. VKontakte's founder Pavel Durov accused his former partners of violating their previous agreement since they did not offer him or Mail.Ru an option to buy their shares.
Durov sold his 12 per cent stake in January which later ended up in Mail.Ru's hands. He fled Russia shortly after that and claimed that he sold his shares under pressure as the Russian intelligence agency FSB was trying to get VKontakte to disclose personal data of the users of a group linked to the protest movement in Ukraine.
As part of the deal, all pending lawsuits have been dropped.
In a joint statement with Mail.Ru, Durov welcomed the decision of his former partners to drop their claims against his new project while he was dismissing his claims against them.
Mail.Ru soared 3 per cent at the London Stock Exchange on the news of the acquisition on Tuesday.
2

Apple Inc triumphs  US court rejects VirnetX $368 mn patent awardE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Policemen came without female constables and pushed us: Jadavpur University student protestorWatch: Self-styled 'godman' Rampal in jail
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

UP pins hopes on electronicsfirmsPrint
Written by Maulshree Seth | Lucknow | Posted: September 17, 2014 1:40 pm
With little success in attracting foreign investment so far, a desperate Uttar Pradesh government has now pinned  its hope on electronics manufacturing industry, one of the fastest growing sectors in the country.
Despite claims of being power starved, the state government has even agreed to sign an MOU to provide “protective”  power supply to the proposed electronic manufacturing clusters. This would mean that apart from providing uninterrupted power supply, the state government would bear the losses incurred in case of sudden power cuts in the industry.
The Electronics Manufacturing Policy of Uttar Pradesh 2014 — that the state is touting as a “gamechanger” policy —  was cleared by the state cabinet a few weeks ago before the Chief Minister’s visit to the Netherlands and handouts were prepared with its salient features for those in the delegation from the state.
The policy got a big push forward when companies in the Netherlands, especially Royal Philips, evinced interest in being part of the state’s electronics manufacturing clusters. Senior officials in the government are already on the job of making comparative charts with the existing policies on electronic manufacturing cluster in Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh, West Bengal and Tamil Nadu for presentations before investors.
In the first phase, the government is planning to promote electronic manufacturing clusters in National Capital Region. Besides “protective load status” to these clusters, the UP government has also offered to give additional grant —equivalent to 50 per cent of the grant  provided by the Centre under National Policy for Electronics, along with 25 per cent rebate on the prevailing sector rates of the area for purchase of land.
While other states are offering five per cent interest subsidy up to five years, UP has extended it to seven years. It has also offered to provide two acres as incubator centre in each of these clusters for research and development and to promote start-ups.
Asked about the government’s offer for providing the protective load status to these clusters for uninterrupted power supply, a senior officer of the IT department explained, “This industry is completely based on power and thus offering 24×7 power supply was not good enough to attract investment thus we decided to go a step ahead and given protection to these clusters, which would mean that loses due to interruption in power supply would be filled by the state government,”
“We have high hopes from electronic manufacturing clusters in the state. The policy looks like a game changer policy for comprehensive industrial development in the state  as we have already started getting good response from investors in Japan, Korea, Singapore.” said a senior government officer.

Need to build a strong and broad coalition against ISIL: BarackObamaThe US President said that in an important second step he ensured protection of American personnel, embassies and consulates. (AP Photo)
Press Trust of India | Washington | Posted: September 17, 2014 1:33 pm | Updated: September 17, 2014 1:37 pm
US President Barack Obama has called for building a strong coalition with broad international participation against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) , the terrorist outfit that has gained control over a large part of Iran and Syria. Obama met General (rtd) John Allen, the Special Presidential Envoy for the Global Coalition to Counter ISIL and Brett McGurk, the Deputy Special Presidential Envoy yesterday, the White House said.
READ: ISIS or ISIL or Islamic State: Where the name makes a statement
During the meeting Obama stressed that the comprehensive approach to degrade and ultimately destroy ISIL requires a wide range of political, diplomatic, military, economic and other efforts. He also expressed his deep appreciation for the work and sacrifices of US servicemen and women as well as diplomats engaged in the struggle to counter ISIL, the White House said.
The President would meet today his top generals in Tampa, Florida, which is headquarters of the US Central Command, where he will discuss the plan for building an international coalition to degrade and destroy ISIL, White House Press Secretary, Josh Earnest said.
Meanwhile, American forces continued with its air strike against the ISIL positions in Iraq. “As we broaden out this campaign to degrade and ultimately destroy ISIL, the President and his team are insistent on working with the support of an international coalition to succeed in this mission,” Earnest said.
“And the President is confident that this mission can be successfully executed without deploying American servicemen and women in a combat role on the ground in Iraq and Syria,” he said.
Obama has been very clear that the US will not have troops on the ground in combat roles, State Department Deputy Spokesperson, Marie Harf, said. “That is an underlying principle of our actions in Iraq. I think there was a long exchange this morning about what the advisors are doing; but again, we’ve been very clear about the combat boots on the ground question,” she said.
She said the US has not been coordinating with the Syrian regime and will not coordinate with the regime. “That means we will not hesitate to take action against ISIL in Syria as well as in Iraq. We are not going to telegraph our plans in advance, and again, as we said on numerous occasions, we won’t ask their permission,” she said
“I would note the rescue operation we undertook to try and rescue the hostages. Of course, we did not ask their permission,” she added. \

I added my own style: Hrithik Roshan on doing MJs iconicmovesHrithik has idolised Michael Jackson since the time he first moved to a dance beat, and he used to learn the moves through play and pause mode for hours. (Source: Movie Still)
Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai | Posted: September 17, 2014 1:32 pm | Updated: September 17, 2014 2:03 pm
For the title track of the forthcoming film ‘ Bang Bang ‘, Hrithik Roshan has grooved a la his dance idol, the late King of Pop Michael Jackson. But the Bollywood actor says he’s added a dash of his own style to the number.
Hrithik has idolised Michael Jackson since the time he first moved to a dance beat, and he used to learn the moves through play and pause mode for hours.
“I love his style and energy! So, when Bosco (choreographer) and Sid (director Siddharth Anand) said ‘Michael Jackson’, at first I thought there’s no way I could match up, but then I reframed that and did it for my love for him in my own style, my own way,” Hrithik said in a statement.
The experience was “fun” for Hrithik, who said: “It’s my ode to the inspiration he (Michael Jackson) has been.”
The video of the song also features Katrina Kaif. “This is an out-an-out dance and party track. It’s high on glamour, scale and Katrina and I have danced our hearts out,” he added.
Produced by Fox Star Studios, ‘Bang Bang’ releases Oct 2. The film is directed by Siddharth Anand.

Assam police officer booked for assault on woman inGuwahatiPrint
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: September 17, 2014 1:28 pm | Updated: September 17, 2014 3:02 pm
The police late last night registered a case against a senior Assam Police officer of the rank of an SP in the heart of Guwahati following allegations of misbehavior and assault lodged by a woman, with the police registering an FIR against him under Sections 448, 427, 294 and 354 of the IPC.
Confirming this, Guwahati City Senior Superintendent of Police AP Tiwari said the officer, one Mihir Jyoti Goswami, currently Commandant of the Assam Forest Battalion, was picked up from in front of a beauty parlour-cum-spa sent for medical examination and then further examined by the police, after which he was allowed to go.
The FIR lodged by a woman who runs a beauty parlour said Goswami had gone to her beauty parlour, misbehaved with her, made indecent proposals, hurled abuses and also physically assaulted her. The incident took place at around 9 PM in the beauty parlour-cum-spa on the busy GS Road. It was outside a bar on the same GS Road that a sensational case of sexual assault on a woman had hit international headlines in July 2012.
“The man had come to my spa earlier in the day and taken our services. But he returned again in the evening, entered my premises and asked me to come with him. He appeared drunk. When I refused and one of my associates informed the police, he hurled abuses and physically assaulted me. He even tried to snatch a cane from a constable to attack me,” the woman told the media.
SSP Tiwari said while the officer in-charge of Dispur himself rushed to the spot, he found Goswami there, took him to the police station where the woman almost immediately lodged an FIR against him. “Since the relevant Sections under which the FIR was lodged referred to crimes that were punishable for less than seven years, so we had to let Goswami go as per the new guidelines of the Supreme Court under the amended Section 41(A) of the CrPC,” SSP Tiwari told The Indian Express today.
“Since the woman had in her FIR complained that Goswami was in an inebriated condition, so we also sent him to the MMC Hospital for a medical examination, after which he was examined by the police for about two hours in the Panbazar DySP’s chamber,” SSP Tiwari said.
While Section 448 of the IPC relates to house-trespass, Section 427 relates to mischief causing damage to the amount of Rs 50, Section 294 to obscene act in public place to the annoyance of others, and Section 354 relates to assault or criminal force to woman with intent to outrage her modesty.
A 1993-batch officer of the Assam Police Service, Goswami, who was till recently Commandant of the 12th Assam Police Battalion before being appointed as Commandant of the Assam Forest Battalion, had won a police medal for meritorious services on Republic Day in 2013. Ironically, he had also attended a two-day workshop on gender sensitization in the National Police Academy, Hyderabad in 2012.

Naseeruddin Shah: Not sure if Ill pen second half ofautobiographyNaseeruddin Shah's journey has been vast, experiences have been varied and accolades and appreciations have been aplenty, but the book is the result of his boredom.
Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai | Posted: September 17, 2014 1:21 pm
Seasoned actor Naseeruddin Shah, who quietly released his autobiography, says he hasn’t chronicled his entire life in the book and is unsure if he would pen the second half or not!
Also read – My relationship with my father still troubles me: Naseeruddin Shah
One can read about his first marriage, daughter Sheeba, professional ups and downs and how he wooed and wed his present wife Ratna in his autobiography titled “And Then One Day”, which took him four years to complete.
“I didn’t keep it as a secret. I just thought I will never complete it,” Naseer told IANS in an interview.
“And Then One Day”, which hit the stands in the first week of September, didn’t happened just like that.
His journey has been vast, experiences have been varied and accolades and appreciations have been aplenty, but the book is the result of his boredom.
“I began to write it because I was bored. I have written some articles in the past for few magazines and I enjoyed writing. But I didn’t think I will complete a book,” said the 64-year-old who has done about 200 films in a career spanning over four decades.
He wrote it as long as he could stand it.
“Then I gave it up. Then I thought what the hell is the point of writing this. Later after a gap of a year or two, I wrote my experiences with people who influenced me, so Ratna said why don’t you put this all together in sequence. So I did that,” said the actor.
From theatre to parallel cinema to mainstream movies, from crossover cinema to international film, Naseer’s oeuvre boast of variety and quality. Thanks to that, he was honoured with the Padma Shri and the Padma Bhushan, India’s third and fourth highest civilian awards, for his contribution to Indian cinema.
However, the autobiography doesn’t chronicle every stage of his life.
“I have completed the story up to my second wedding. But I don’t know whether I will write the second half or not…it will take another 12 years at least, but I am not sure about that,” said Naseer won prestigious National Awards of “Sparsh”, “Paar” and “Iqbal”.
Was your wife Ratna the driving force behind the autobiography?
“No, it was not Ratna. Ratna was curious about it, but the driving force was Ramchandra Guha, who read one of my articles on (former Indian cricket captain Mansur Ali Khan) Pataudi and said he liked it and I was very kicked about that.
“He asked me have you written anything else, so I gave him these (first) 100 pages (of the book). He liked it and said you have to finish this because don’t wait continued…

Rekha emulates Nargis iconic pose from Mother India as she returns as SuperNaniRekha, in 'Super Nani', strikes the pose with a mop.
Written by Sonal Gera , Edited by Sarika Sharma | New Delhi | Posted: September 17, 2014 1:20 pm
The evergreen actress Rekha is all set to be back on the silver screen in a completely new avatar – in and as ‘Super Nani’. In the first look of the movie, the diva has adopted and emulated Nargis’ iconic look from ‘Mother India’ albeit a bit differently.
In ‘Mother India’, Nargis struck the pose with the iconic farm plough, while Rekha, in ‘Super Nani’ does it with a mop. Interesting!
The movie also stars Sharman Joshi, Shweta Kumar, Randhir Kapoor and Anupam Kher in pivotal roles. It’s slated to hit the theatres this Diwali, clashing with Ssah Rukh Khan and Deepika Padukone starrer ‘Happy New Year’.
The official trailer of the movie will be launched with Sonam Kapoor and Fawad Khan starrer ‘Khoobsurat’ that releases on September 19.

7 stocks that returned upto 381% | Markets @ 1: Top 20 stock betsYou are here: Home > Collections > Companies
FMCG, pharma back in demand as large MFs lap up stocks in August
Nikhil Walavalkar & Rajesh Naidu, ET Bureau Sep 17, 2014, 11.43AM IST
Tags:
August portfolio
(In the past nine months,…)
Mumbai: A sift through the August portfolio of mutual funds shows the return of FMCG and pharma stocks in new purchases. According to data provided by mutual fund tracking firm Value Research stocks such as Nestle , Dabur , Jyothy Laboratories and Aurobindo Pharma have emerged as new purchases by large fund houses such as Axis, Reliance and DSP BlackRock.
This can be attributed to the rally in cyclical companies, which are yet to show visible improvements in business fundamentals. "The first-quarter financial performance of Corporate India was disappointing," said Dipen Shah, head of private client group research at Kotak Securities. "Investors have realised that the rally in cyclical companies were driven more on sentiment rather than visible improvement in business fundamentals of companies."
In the past nine months, companies in cyclical sectors such as infrastructure, banks and capital goods generated high investor interest. This brought about a considerable rally in companies in these sectors.
For instance, the stock of construction company Sadbhav Engineering has jumped four times in the last one year to Rs 244. Due to this rally, experts point out that stocks in cyclical sectors have moved beyond their intrinsic values.
"Though investors have not sold off all their investments in cyclical stocks, there is some shift towards defensive stocks, which is a natural course of action for fund managers," said Kotak Securities' Shah.
Also, the valuation of pharmaceutical companies is one of the main reasons companies in the sector feature in the list of new purchases. "Valuations of pharmaceutical companies have been more attractive than most FMCG companies," said Niranjan Risbood, director of fund research at Morningstar India.
"Pharmaceuticals companies have been showing better sales and profits growth than FMCG. This justifies investments in pharmaceutical companies... Besides valuations, defensive stocks fall lesser than cyclicals, which have rallied considerably in the last nine months."
With regard to exits, fund houses have been bearish on metals and mining companies and in particular tyre companies. Fund houses such as Sundaram, SBI and IDFC have exited tyre manufacturing companies such as Apollo Tyres, Ceat and Goodyear India.
Besides this, fund houses have also sold metals and mining companies such as MOIL, Tata Metaliks, Tata Sponge Iron and Usha Martin. "The outlook on ore companies has been bearish since the time demand for ore and other metals reduced from China. This has impacted a large number of metal companies in India," said a fund manager with a leading brokerage on condition of anonymity. "Besides, these commodity companies have rallied significantly in the present bull run, presenting little scope for upside.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Cenkos reports sixfold rise in profitCenkos reports sixfold rise in profit
By Claer Barrett
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/81663e78-3e33-11e4-b7fc-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China crackdown hits mooncakes perkChinese workers down tools after being deprived of mooncakes
By Patti Waldmeir in Shanghai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ec315630-381f-11e4-b69d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

How smartphone battery can last longer decodedE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Intex launches Aqua T2  cheapest Android KitKat smartphone at Rs. 2 699At a price of Rs. 2,699, Intex Aqua T2 runs on a 1.3 GHz dual-core processor, Android KitKat OS and comes with a 2 MP rear camera.
Tech Desk | New Delhi | Posted: September 16, 2014 2:13 pm | Updated: September 16, 2014 5:20 pm
After launching the cheapest Firefox smartphone in India, Intex Technologies has now launched the lowest priced Android KitKat smartphone in India called Aqua T2. At a price of Rs. 2,699, the Aqua T2 runs on a 1.3 GHz dual-core processor and comes with a 2 MP rear camera which offer features like Panorama, HDR and Continuous shot. The smartphone is available exclusively at Flipkart.
“Amongst all handsets offering 4.4 Kitkat OS today, this one is definitely the lowest in the price segment and it comes with a 3.5 inch screen coupled with a 2G network,” said  Sanjay Kumar Kalirona, Mobile Business Head, Intex Technologies.
With dual-SIM functionality, the phone supports Bluetooth 4.0, WiFi and is available in Black and Grey colours.

Asian shares fall to 1-month low as investors brace for Fed policyLisa Twaronite and Hideyuki Sano     Tokyo   Last Updated: September 16, 2014  | 14:56 IST
Photo: Reuters
Asian shares held near one-month lows on Tuesday as investors braced for a possible hawkish shift in the U.S. Federal Reserve's policy stance as the Fed begins a two-day policy meeting later in the day.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was little changed near one-month low hit on Monday after seven consecutive days of falls. Japan's Nikkei stock average shed 0.3 per cent, catching up after Tokyo markets were closed for a local holiday on Monday.
Speculation that the Fed could raise interests sooner and faster than previously expected have rattled many share markets around the globe and supported the US dollar.
"As global bond markets show early signs of adjustment to an emerging higher interest rate environment, yield plays like the major banks, (phone company) Telstra and property trusts are losing favour," Michael McCarthy, chief market strategist at CMC Markets in Sydney, said in a note to clients.
The Fed's Open Market Committee will begin its regular two-day policy meeting later on Tuesday, and investors will be scanning the outcome for clues on the timing of the first US rate hike in more than eight years.
US central bank policymakers will also release fresh economic and interest-rate projections, extending their forecast horizon through 2017.
They have said they do not expect to raise rates until 2015, but recently strong US economic data has led Fed officials to acknowledge they may need to act sooner than they thought just a few months ago.
"At Wednesday's FOMC meeting, changes to Fed forecasts and wording that reflects expectations that rates could go higher sooner than expected should provide support" to the US dollar, strategists at Barclays said. "We also look for a modest steepening in the median policy path and more clarity on exit principles."
Wall Street had a mixed session on Monday also after weekend data showed China's factory output in August grew at its slowest pace in nearly six years, raising fears the world's second-largest economy was losing momentum.
"The fall in the real estate sector activity is affecting output. Everyone knows August is pretty weak, so if things improve in September, that would reassure investors," said Hirokazu Yuihama, senior strategist at Daiwa Securities.
The dollar index, which tracks the greenback against a basket of six major rivals, was steady on the day at 84.166, not far from its 14-month peak of 84.519 scaled a week ago.
Keeping pressure on the euro, the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development ( OECD ) projected lower growth for major economies on Monday and urged much more aggressive stimulus from the European Central Bank to ward off the risk of deflation.
The euro was treading water at $1.2939, while the dollar edged down slightly against its Japanese rival to 107.15 yen but was still close to a six-year high of 107.39 yen touched on Friday.
The yield on the benchmark 10-year US Treasury note stood at 2.574 per cent in Asia, not far from Monday's US close of 2.591 per cent. It hit a two-month high of 2.651 per cent on Monday, before paring its rise on news of a drop in last month's US manufacturing output.
U.S. crude edged down about 0.1 per cent to $92.79 a barrel, pressured by the weekend data from China that cast doubt on the strength of global demand. On Monday, the expiring Brent contract for October dropped to its price since July 2012, while the new front-month contract added 0.2 per cent in Asian trade to $98.07.
Spot gold was steady on the day at $1,232.36 an ounce, supported by the Chinese data but undermined by expectations that the Fed will start hinting at interest rate hikes. On Monday, it fell to its lowest level since January.
(Reuters)

JAG  Star Wants to Sell LA Homejag  star wants to sell la home
China takes anti-graft drive overseas© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6ec199d0-3cc5-11e4-871d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Lesson for BJP from bypolls: think beyond  Modi waveBJP needs to think beyond 'Modi wave'
Vinod Sharma , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 16, 2014
First Published: 18:12 IST(16/9/2014) | Last Updated: 15:51 IST(17/9/2014)
Comments
The BJP's third straight drubbing in the by-elections, particularly in Uttar Pradesh, after Uttarakhand and Bihar cannot be over-interpreted as a pointer to the national mood where the Narendra Modi phenomenon sustains broadly.
But the party needs serious introspection on the brazenly divisive campaign it ran in UP, where it's eyeing power in 2017.
In some ways, the party's electoral pitch led by Yogi Adityanath was reminiscent of its 2008 bid to dislodge Sheila Dikshit in Delhi in the aftermath of Mumbai's 26/11.
The attempt backfired for its reliance on the macabre. Hoping to exploit the terror strike that shocked urban India, its CM aspirant VK Malhotra went around seeking votes on the promise of sending Parliament House attack convict Afzal Guru to the gallows.
The people of Delhi weren't impressed. They returned Dikshit to power on the strength of her work.
Read: BJP jolted in bypolls, hit worst in Uttar Pradesh
The Samajwadi Party's Akhilesh Yadav had no such credentials to flaunt in UP. But his task and that of his father, Mulayam Singh Yadav, was made easier by contradictions inherent to the Yogi's anti-Muslim agenda and the "development for all" promise that had fetched Modi a thumping mandate. 
The politics of fear Adityanath--and myriad RSS outfits at his disposal--knitted around the so-called Muslim 'love jihad' flew in the face of Modi's call for a 10-year moratorium on societal conflict.
It generated apprehensions that the PM looked the other way in tacit approval of the Sangh's strategy to make Hindus vote as a monolith.
But the game plan had holes. The free hand BJP chief Amit Shah gave to Adityanath wasn't a study in isolation. It coincided with the marginalisation within the organisation of the party's known faces in UP: Murli Manohar Joshi, Rajnath Singh, Kalraj Mishra and Varun Gandhi.
A structured sociological project would explain better the anatomy of the vote that felled the BJP.
On first glance it seems that these leaders' exclusion from the campaign--not to mention the short shrift they got in Delhi--could have alienated the forward castes that rooted upfront for Modi in the parliamentary polls.
Read: Congress blazes through bypolls without its top guns
The BJP's other mistake ostensibly was of losing sight of the voters' socio-economic profile. Daily wagers abound in hundreds of thousands in UP. They toil daily for a square meal, a prerequisite for which is communal peace, not curfew.
Here the Hindu mobilisation the party attempted against 'love jihad' was at cross purposes with the dreams it sold them of a quality life a little over three months ago.
The moral the party would miss at its own cost is that when two-timed, the electorate punish hard. They withdraw affection at the first sign of betrayal.
The lesson can be best applied in Maharashtra, where the chances of competitive communalism between the BJP and the Shiv Sena in the October elections have receded with by poll debacles in UP, Rajasthan and to some extent Gujarat.
Currently quibbling over seat-sharing, the NDA allies would be better off without xenophobes and rabble rousers. The state that's home to the country's financial capital would heed development, not calls that foment confrontation.  

Dilemma over Chinas overseas probesBribe case highlights west’s dilemma over China’s overseas probes
By Jamil Anderlini in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a90c00e8-3d70-11e4-8797-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

M&M in talks to buy Peugeot s scooter unitAditi Shah and Laurence Frost     New Delhi/Paris   Last Updated: September 17, 2014  | 09:36 IST
Mahindra Group Chairman Anand Mahindra
Mahindra & Mahindra Ltd (M&M) , India's largest utility vehicle maker , is in advanced talks to buy PSA Peugeot Citroen's scooter business, Bloomberg reported on Tuesday, citing three unnamed sources familiar with the matter.
An announcement may be made soon, Bloomberg reported, citing two of the people.
A PSA spokesman declined comment. A Mahindra spokesman said the company would not comment on market speculation.
French carmaker Peugeot had denied reports in the Times of India newspaper in August of a partnership with Mahindra to share technology, and production facilities in France and India.
(Reuters)

BSE Closes 46.5 Crore Orders in a DayYou are here: Home Corporates
BSE Closes 46.5 Crore Orders in a Day
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 16, 2014 23:27 (IST)
Apple $450 Million E-book Settlement Gets Final Court Approval
Mumbai: BSE Ltd (formerly Bombay Stock Exchange), on Tuesday created history by closing 46.5 crore orders in a day - the highest number ever.
BSE, Asia's first stock exchange, registered a total of 46,48,46,957 orders on Tuesday, an exchange statement said in Mumbai.
The orders include 37.13 crore equity orders, 8.97 crore equity derivatives orders and 37.44 lakh currency and interest rate orders.
In April 2014, BSE launched its equity trading platform software 'BOLT Plus'. The BSEtrading system (Bolt Plus) is based on T7, the global trading architecture of Deutsche Bourse AG.
One of the key features of the system is its response time of approximately 200 micro seconds, making it the fastest trading platform in the country.
BSE's new open source and low cost technology can handle 5 lakh orders per second.
In its endeavour to bring transparency and accuracy to the market, BSE has taken several initiatives and has been increasing its market share both in cash and derivatives segment.
It has also gained leadership in many other products like BSE SME platform, BSE Star MF etc., the release said.
Story first published on: September 16, 2014 21:42 (IST)

Jan Dhan Yojana offers opportunity for banks: KotakJan Dhan Yojana offers opportunity for banks: Kotak
BS Reporter | New Delhi Sep 17, 2014 12:47 AM IST
The Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana offered an opportunity for local banks to grow their businesses in the current uncertain economic environment, says Uday Kotak, executive vice-chairman and managing director of Kotak Mahindra Bank.
"The banking industry is presently in the midst of significant stress. The Jan Dhan Yojana has a great vision, but execution is important. Financial inclusion cannot happen without the support of the society and other players. Banks alone cannot make the society economically inclusive. But the Jan Dhan Yojana offers tremendous opportunity for the Indian banking sector," Kotak said while addressing the Ananta Aspen Centre's flagship "CEO Series" forum here. Ananta Aspen Centre is a New Delhi-based institution working on international relations, public policy and value-based leadership.
The government introduced the Jan Dhan Yojana last month with an objective to provide a bank account to every household in the country. The government has set a target of opening 75 million bank accounts by January 26, 2015. Around 15 million bank accounts were opened on the day the scheme was launched.
Kotak also said there was a need for a re-think on the process in which subsidies are currently offered to consumers. "The question on the table is do we want to give subsidies to the consumer or make him pay? If you want to subsidise, give it directly from the government budget, but let the markets work. The minute we start working on changing the components of the vertical - such as coal - things get mixed up and vitiate the markets," he added.
Separately, Kotak said he was impressed with Prime Minister Narendra Modi's foreign policy. "On foreign policy, especially, you have to hand it to the Prime Minister. He has already covered the immediate neighbourhood and Japan, and now the President of China is coming to India. Now, the need for the government is to get the strategic framework in place between vision and project management," he said.
Kotak Mahindra and associates are significant shareholders in Business Standard Limited

L&G to lose assurance society chiefL&G’s assurance society chief to stand down
By Kate Allen
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cf82d2d0-3da5-11e4-b782-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

U.S. may spend up to $1 billion fighting Ebola  administration saysBy Juliet Eilperin September 16 Follow @eilperin
President Obama announced Tuesday that the U.S. will lead efforts to combat the Ebola outbreak in West Africa, pledging to dispatch 3,000 military personnel to the region. (WhiteHouse.gov)
The Obama administration notified lawmakers Tuesday night that the Pentagon would reprogram $500 million in unobligated funds to support an expanded effort to contain the Ebola outbreak in West Africa, according to administration officials. Taken on top of last week’s Defense Department move to redirect $500 million to Iraq and the Ebola epidemic, the Pentagon may spend up to $1 billion on combating the deadly disease.
The request comes just hours after President Obama met with federal officials and medical personnel at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to discuss U.S. efforts to contain the spread of the virus.
While the White House is obligated to notify Congress about any reprogramming of federal funds, lawmakers do not need to sign off on the funds. The Defense Department is already moving ahead with its earlier reprogramming request.
The administration has already spent $175 million responding to the outbreak, and asked for Congress to approve $88 million in new funding as part of a stop-gap spending bill pending before both chambers.
Lawmakers, including some of the president’s fiercest opponents, are unlikely to question the move. Speaking to reporters Tuesday, Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) told reporters he backed the new plan to use the resources of the U.S. military to establish up to 17 treatment centers in Liberia and train as many as 500 health-care workers a week in the region to cope with the outbreak.
"I also think the Ebola funding is important,” McConnell said, when asked about the temporary spending bill. “I think what the administration's doing is correct, and therefore I'll be voting for the continuing resolution assuming it comes over as we think it is from the House."
An administration official noted that it was too early to tell if all of the redirected Pentagon funds would go toward the Ebola response effort, or whether some of it would eventually be spent on other humanitarian crises.
President Obama has announced that thousands of U.S. troops will head to West Africa to lead the fight against Ebola, in addition to the $175 million already spent. But what is the rest of the world doing? Here are some of the publicly announced plans from other nations. (Adam Taylor and Tom LeGro/The Washington Post)
Juliet Eilperin is a White House correspondent for The Washington Post, covering domestic and foreign policy as well as the culture of 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. She is the author of two books—one on sharks, and another on Congress, not to be confused with each other—and has worked for the Post since 1998.

Polls put No camps lead at four points© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1beb09a0-3dcc-11e4-b175-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

EM equities: bear run here to staySign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Roller-coaster Debate Over New Fed Tool May Get Resolved This WeekSensex, Nifty Hit Record; Banks Surge on Kotak-ING Deal
New York/San Francisco: There is a distinct chance US Federal Reserve officials will rewrite their strategy for normalizing monetary policy this week given signs that a roller-coaster debate over a new tool for controlling interest rates is nearing its resolution.
Investors worldwide are watching the US central bank's policy meeting that ends on Wednesday for hints on when it will start raising borrowing costs. But perhaps as importantly, officials may finally update a 2011 blueprint for a gradual tightening of the Fed's ultra-loose policy and shrinking its swollen asset portfolio.
Many Fed officials, economists and financial market participants once believed the so-called overnight reverse repurchase facility, which has been tested for a year, would become the main lever for steering interest rates and play a central role in a new monetary policy framework.
However, after a long debate over the merits and potential risks of the new tool the Fed appears close to a compromise limiting the use of the facility, Fed and industry sources say.
In a reverse repo - a tool used by other central banks, but new for the Fed in such an unlimited capacity - the central bank offers Treasury securities in exchange for cash from banks, money market funds and mortgage finance agencies, effectively paying them to park funds with the Fed.
Traditionally, the Fed does business only with a select group of banks, so the broad range of participating institutions raised stability concerns among central bankers.
Minutes from previous meetings show Fed officials are close to agreeing on "exit principles", which they want to publish long before they start raising rates. A compromise on the new tool could pave the way for the plan to see the light Wednesday afternoon, though it is not clear if all differences have already been ironed out.
"To me it would make sense, if we can achieve it, to do it in September, but we'll see," Dallas Federal Reserve Bank President Richard Fisher said in an interview early this month.
Officials at the Fed's influential New York branch had big plans for the new facility, designed to help drain the vast pool of reserves the central bank has created trying to revive the economy in the wake of the global financial crisis.
But reservations among policymakers elsewhere in the country made it a sticking point in the effort to rewrite the exit principles that would guide any policy tightening.
Like other officials, Fisher has yet to give the new tool a full embrace and Fed minutes show he is not alone.
"It has utility, but we have to be careful in deploying it," he said. "I think we have to be careful that we don't become party to anything that could in any way shape or form ... have financial repercussions that we did not foresee."
Ups and Downs
As the New York Fed ramped up testing of the overnight reverse repo late last year, banks, funds and other market players started preparing for a major new Fed presence in short-term funding markets.
In December, Simon Potter, head of markets at the New York Fed, said the tool's users were telling his team it would effectively control money market rates "if executed in full scale in the future."
"When it first came through everyone thought it would be integral to monetary policy," said Gennadiy Goldberg, a strategist at TD Securities.
But in January the Fed's policy-setting committee decided that its chair - Ben Bernanke at the time and now Janet Yellen - would approve any subsequent changes to the new rate during the testing, an apparent effort to wrest some control of the facility from the central bank's New York branch.
Later in March, just a few blocks from the New York Fed's headquarters, Philadelphia Fed President Charles Plosser told an audience of bond traders that the committee, and not the New York Fed's open markets desk, would ultimately decide its fate.
How to drain more than $3 trillion of funds pumped into the economy since 2008 without causing market upheaval and hurting economic recovery is the ultimate challenge for the Fed.
The new facility has been a key topic in at least three policy-setting committee meetings since April and officials could still delay the publication of the exit principles if they decide the tool needs more testing.
One chief worry has been that giving money market funds unlimited access to the new facility could spark "runs" from more risky assets in times of financial stress.
Another concern is that it would align the Fed too closely with the non-traditional - and possibly more risky - funds, and cut out the banks.
By July, most officials appeared to agree that reliance on the tool should be limited and temporary.
The key policy rate, they agreed, should remain the rate on overnight lending between banks known as the fed funds rate. The federal funds rate would be pinned within a quarter percentage point corridor, with the rate paid to banks on excess reserves held at the Fed serving as the ceiling, and the reverse repo rate acting as a floor.
But to curb demand for the latter the Fed now plans to pay a rate further below the target rate than officials had earlier envisioned.
"This is a far cry from the original plan," former Fed Governor Laurence Meyer co-wrote last month in a note for Macroeconomic Advisers.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Rupee Trades Flat Ahead of Fed MeetingYou are here: Home Forex
Rupee Trades Flat Ahead of Fed Meeting
Reuters | Updated On: September 17, 2014 09:57 (IST)
The rupee was trading at 61.01/02 vs Tuesday's close of 61.0550/0650.
The trading was largely range-bound ahead of Fed meeting. Asian currencies were mostly up versus the dollar.
Asia forex traders bet Fed will maintain a pledge on low rates when policy meeting ends later in the day. Support is seen at 60.90 for the USD/INR pair.
Nifty was up 0.3 per cent after biggest single-day fall in 1-1/2 months on Tuesday.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Real rout Basel  Liverpool celebrate return with dramatic winReal Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo celebrates a goal with his teammate Gareth Bale (L) during their Champions League soccer match against FC Basel (Source: Reuters)
Reuters | Paris | Posted: September 17, 2014 10:39 am | Updated: September 17, 2014 1:34 pm
Real Madrid started the defence of its Champions League crown with an emphatic 5-1 victory over Basel on Tuesday, while Liverpool celebrated its return to Europe’s top club competition with a dramatic 2-1 win against Bulgarian side Ludogorets.
Madrid’s win should end talk of crisis following a poor start to the club’s domestic season.
Goals by Gareth Bale, Cristiano Ronaldo, James Rodriguez, Karim Benzema and a Basel own-goal secured the 10-time champions’ a very comfortable victory in Group B.
Five years after its last involvement in the Champions League, Liverpool needed a penalty from Steven Gerrard in the third minute of added time – just two minutes after Ludogorets looked to have snatched a draw – to earn all three points.
Elsewhere, Borussia Dortmund beat Arsenal 2-0 and last season’s finalist Atletico Madrid lost 3-2 at Olympiakos.
Madrid’s win was much easier as Carlo Ancelotti’s players silenced their critics with a beautiful display of free-flowing football, turning the page on a poor run of form.
Madrid lost to Atletico in the Spanish Super Cup last month before Ancelotti’s side collapsed 4-2 at Real Sociedad in the league and followed up with a 2-1 loss to Atletico at home on Saturday.
“I liked the team’s reaction, I think the Bernabeu was happy,” Ancelotti said.
Against Basel, Madrid played with pace and was spectacular up front, despite the defense looking anything but solid.
Madrid opened the scoring in the 14th minute when Jose Fernandez’s shot was deflected in by Marek Suchy for an own-goal.
Bale then received a clever ball from Luka Modric to double his team’s lead and provided Ronaldo with a pass which the Portugal forward — the competition’s top scorer last season with 17 goals — converted a minute later.
Rodriguez added the fourth in the 37th before Derlis Gonzalez pulled one back for Basel in the 38th. Benzema made it five in the 79th after a pass from Ronaldo.
Mario Balotelli got his first goal for Liverpool in the 82nd minute before Ludogorets, a side who had not won a game in UEFA competition before last season, equalized through Dani Abalo.
Liverpool was then awarded a penalty when goalkeeper Milan Borjan brought down Javier Manquillo and Gerrard slotted home from the spot.
“Looking at the game as a whole, we did OK. We didn’t do better than OK,” Gerrard said. “I thought they caused us quite a few problems on the counterattack, so there’s a lot for myself and the lads to learn.”
In Group A, former Manchester United striker Carlos Tevez ended his European goal drought as he scored twice in a 2-0 win over Malmo, for his first goal in the competition since April 2009.
The group’s other game provided a shock in Athens, continued…
I liked the team's reaction, I think the Bernabeu was happy

Ramky Infra rises 18%; sells highway projectsRamky Infrastructure rallies 18% on sale of 3 highway projects to Pirmal Group
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 17, 2014, 09.37AM IST
Tags:
infrastructure
(Move signals that cash-rich…)
NEW DELHI: Ramky Infrastructure Ltd rallied as much as 17.8 per cent in trade on Wednesday after reports suggested that the Ajay Piramal group has emerged as the front runner to purchase three highway projects of Hyderabad-based Ramky Infrastructure.
The move signals that the cash-rich investors are keen on infusing life into the battered roads sector amid the Narendra Modi government's overall push to revive infrastructure as it looks to boost the economy, ET reported.
At 09:25 a.m.; Ramky Infrastructure was trading 14.7 per cent higher at Rs 62. It hit a low of Rs 58.25 and a high of Rs 63.70 in trade today.
Piramal Enterprises was trading 0.76 per cent higher at Rs 773. It hit a low of Rs 772.20 and a high of Rs 793.15 in trade today.
The Piramal group "has signed a nonbinding agreement to buy ownership of Ramky Eslamex Hyderabad Ring Road, Sehore Kosmi Tollways and NAM Expressway," said one of the persons cited above, ET reported.
The diversified business conglomerate plans to purchase a majority 51% stake and take management control with an investment horizon of more than six years as part of its strategy to acquire such projects that could see it becoming the country's biggest roads operator, added the report.
As per the ET report, the deal, which will help Ramky retire some of its Rs 2,700 crore debt, is likely to be finalised at a valuation of Rs 700-750 crore.
"Given the current fall in traffic flows and trimmed down traffic projections, Ramky Infrastructure expects a combined valuation of around Rs 720 crore for its equity investments in these three road assets as against some Rs 900 crore expected a few months back," ET reported quoting a senior executive with Ramky Infra.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Fed Could Hint on Rate-hike Plans As it Prepares for Policy TurnRegulators Fine Global Banks $3.4 Billion in Forex Probe
Washington: The US Federal Reserve on Wednesday could offer fresh clues on when it plans to begin lifting interest rates and how quickly it will move, as it prepares for a momentous policy turn after years of aggressive monetary stimulus.
Although a tightening of monetary policy is not expected until mid-2015, the central bank could use a policy statement on Wednesday to lay important groundwork.
In particular, speculation is rife the policy-setting Federal Open Market Committee may change its guidance on how long it is likely to keep rates near zero. The panel may also alter its depiction of the labor market to suggest further progress toward its goal of full employment.
Both would signal that a six-year freeze on rates is thawing. Although the market is betting on a policy change, the Fed could also stick to its script.
Along with the policy statement it will issue at 2 p.m. (1800 GMT), the Fed will lay out new economic and interest rate projections that will extend out to 2017 for the first time. The rate projections - or "dots chart" - show where individual Fed officials think rates should be at the end of each year.
Some economists think a spate of mostly good news on the economy could spur officials to hint at a more aggressive rate-hike path, which would widen the distance between their views and those held in the bond market.
"The committee's median projection for interest rates at the end of 2015 and 2016 could be pushed up a bit as they were in June, providing a hawkish signal to markets," economists at IHS Global Insight said in a note earlier this month.
But because the individual forecasts are not labeled, and some policymakers, such as Chair Janet Yellen, deserve more weight than others, "it will be difficult to separate the signal from the noise," the economists warned.
It will be up to Yellen, who holds a news conference a half hour after the statement and projections are released, to clarify the Fed's policy intentions.
Eyes on the Labour Market
The path to a rate increase is hugely important for investors. In June, the median of the Fed's projections suggested rates would reach 1.125 per cent by the end of next year, more than a quarter point higher than futures markets have priced in.
The Fed also needs to decide whether to maintain a pledge to keep near-zero rates in place for a "considerable time" after its bond-buying stimulus program ends. With the central bank set to reduce its monthly purchases to $15 billion this month, the program will likely end in October.
A number of officials have said they are uncomfortable with an assurance that is based on the calendar and not the economy's progress.
"If that language isn't softened at this meeting, then it will surely be weakened at October's meeting," economists at Capital Economic said a research note on Tuesday.
Another phrase some economists think could come under the knife is the Fed's description of slackness in the labor market as "significant," although they appear to be in the minority.
While the unemployment rate dipped back down to 6.1 per cent in August, job growth slowed and wage gains remained sluggish, factors that are likely to bolster Yellen's resolve not to move too hastily in tightening policy.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Metal shares surge after economic stimulus by ChinaMetal shares surge after economic stimulus by China
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 17, 2014 11:45 AM IST
Metal shares have rebound in today’s trade and have gained between 0.5-3% on the National Stock Exchange (NSE) after China's economic stimulus raised hopes of a boost in demand in the world's biggest consumer of metals.
 
Meanwhile, China central bank has injected $81 billion into the major banks.
 
Bhushan Steel, Coal India, Hindustan Copper, JSW Steel, NALCO, NMDC and Tata Steel have gained between 0.5-3%. Further, CNX Metal is trading at 3038.50 levels up by 5 points or 0.15%.
 
Earlier this week, shares of metal companies had declined nearly 4% on weak Chinese economic data. China's factory output grew at the weakest pace in nearly six years in August raising fears the world's second-largest economy may be at risk of a sharp slowdown.
 
Industrial output rose 6.9% in August from a year earlier - the lowest since 2008 when the economy was buffeted by the global financial crisis - compared with expectations for 8.8% and slowing sharply from 9.0% in July.

ISIS or ISIL or Islamic State: Where the name makes a statementPrint
An IS militant stands next to British hostage David Haines. whom they have allegedly executed.
Written by Abhimanyu Chakravorty | New Delhi | Posted: September 17, 2014 12:06 pm | Updated: September 17, 2014 3:04 pm
Four beheadings down, the Islamic State now threatened to kill another hostage from the United Kingdom after David Haines . The brutal videos are clearly a message to US allies and a direct challenge to American authority in the region.
While the outcry against the ISIS has been consistent across the globe, their name hasn’t. United States , the United Nations and some news media agencies refer to the jihadist group with the acronym ISIL, while others use either ISIS, IS or ISIL. But what’s in a name, we ask. Apparently, a lot.
The ‘L’ in ISIL stands for Levant, a translation of “al-Sham” – which is a historic region in the Eastern Mediterranean that includes Syria, Lebanon, Jordan, Israel and Cyprus. But Levant is not an accurate translation, say experts.
READ: After beheading, Cameron says: ‘They are not Muslims, they are monsters’
Al-Sham or Levant includes Palestinian territories, Jordan and Lebanon stretching from Turkey through Syria to Egypt, while ISIS only includes Syria and Iraq, say experts. But they call it IS because that’s what the group chooses to call itself in online videos.
The New York Times explained in one of their posts in June what the term al-Sham means. “Al-Sham is the classical Arabic term for Damascus and its hinterlands, and over time, it came to denote the area between the Mediterranean and the Euphrates, south of the Taurus Mountains and north of the Arabian desert,” the post said.
ISIL
The acronym ISIL stands for Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. The US, United Nations and some sections of the media use this term. According to the CNN, the US believes that ISIL has a larger connotation because the group is clearly aiming for a larger swathe of territory beyond Iraq and Syria.
Also, the US doesn’t recognise their ultimate goal of carving out a caliphate. Besides, the word ‘Levant’ reflects the group’s aspirations of controlling vast amounts of territory than just Iraq and Syria.
An Associated Press blogpost said that ISIL is the most accurate translation of the group’s name. “We believe this is the most accurate translation of the group’s name and reflects its aspirations to rule over a broad swath of the Middle East,” read the blogpost.
ISIS
Islamic State of Iraq and Syria is an English translation of the Arabic acronym Al-Dawla Al-Islamiya fi al-Iraq wa al-Sham, which means the Islamic State in Iraq and al-Sham. “The Islamic State of Iraq and al-Sham (ISIS) has mutated into the Islamic State after capturing parts of Syria and Iraq,” writes consulting editor, Newsweek Pakistan Khaled Ahmad in the Indian Express.
READ: Terror connection  by Khaled Ahmad
 
“The historic Islamic term “Sham” is continued…
While the rhetoric against the ISIS has been consistent across the globe, their name hasn't.

Knights beat  knockout Mumbai; Lahore make cutKane Willaimson and Devcich provided the platform to chased down Mumbai's 132 by adding 83 runs for the first wicket. (Source: BCCI)
Press Trust of India | Raipur | Posted: September 16, 2014 6:58 pm | Updated: September 17, 2014 1:11 am
Relive the action!
LIVE SCORECARD: MI vs NK
BALL BY BALL COMMENTARY
Defending champions Mumbai Indians paid the price for their indifferent show, crashing out of the Champions League T20 as a committed Northern Knights from New Zealand overpowered them with a one-sided six-wicket victory in the final qualifying round match, on Tuesday.
Apart from Northern, the other team that qualified for the main round was Pakistan’s Lahore Lions, who won two of their three matches while MI had the ignominy of being the first ever defending champions in six editions, who were ousted in the preliminary round. Lions incidentally are first team from Pakistan to qualify for CLT20 main round.
After being out into bat, Mumbai Indians scored a below par 132 for nine in 20 overs with none of their batsmen scoring big on a pitch that aided medium pacers. Tim Southee and Scott Styris took three wickets apiece.
In reply, Kane Williamson (53 off 36 balls) presented copybook technique with calculated assault as an opening partnership of 83 with left-hander Anton Devcich sealed the issue for the ‘Pink Panthers’ in only 17.2 overs.
Devcich, on his part, scored 39 as batting became easier during second half with dew factor coming into play.
It was a treat to watch Williamson’s batting. Dubbed as a player for longer versions, the young Black Caps batsman showed the virtue of proper technique as he repeatedly danced charged down the track to spinners reaching to the pitch of the deliveries while playing the lofted shot.
Yet his second 50 in the tournament came off 32 balls as he reached the landmark with a straight six and a four off Harbhajan Singh’s bowling.
In all, Williamson, hit seven boundaries and a six before his uppish drive of Jasprit Bumrah delivery was taken by Pollard at short cover.
BJ Watling was out when Harbhajan plucked a catch out off thin air off Bumrah’s bowling but by then Northern were well on course to reach the target.
Earlier, Mumbai Indians batting floundered, yet again as the high-profile franchise could manage only 132 for nine in their ‘do-or-die’ final qualifying game after being put into bat by Northern skipper Daniel Flynn.
Save skipper Kieron Pollard, who scored 31 off 24 balls, none of the Mumbai Indians batsmen displayed enough firepower against a disciplined Northern bowling attack which used the sluggish pitch to good effect.
It was young Shreyas Gopal, who smashed 24 off 12 balls, who took MI past 130-run mark.
While 39-year-old Styris (3/21) had the best figures among the bowlers, it was Southee (3/24), who was both deadly and economical in his first three overs before Gopal took him apart in the final over of the innings.
At the start, Mike Hussey (7) got impatient as he tried to give Southee the charge in the fourth over of the innings but couldn’t get the continued…

Xi war on corruption hits Chinas EMBAsXi’s war on corruption spreads to China’s executive MBAs
By Lifen Zhang in Beijing
©Getty
Chinese officials are rushing to pull out of executive MBAs after Xi Jinping’s government banned them from accepting scholarships as part of a widening anti-corruption campaign .
The government has barred “leading cadres” within the Communist party, the government and state-owned enterprises from signing up for costly business training unless they have official approval and pay fees themselves. Those already on such programmes must quit immediately.
More
Meet the Deans Bing Xiang, CKGSB
On this topic
China and Russia to build military ties
The fight against graft has become Mr Xi’s signature policy since coming to power in late 2012. The latest move arises from concerns that executive management training such as part-time MBAs are hotbeds for networking, as they are globally. In China the fear is that these guanxi, or connections, are prone to corruption, bribery and rent-seeking.
The decree will be a blow to China ’s booming business schools , where the cost of such part-time MBAs can be more than Rmb600,000 ($100,000). In some schools, government officials were offered virtually free enrolment to attract wealthy entrepreneurs seeking to build networks.
About 5-8 per cent of China’s EMBA students are government officials, most of whom are on scholarships funded by the business schools. Among those who have taken EMBA degrees in the past are well-regarded technocrats such as Huang Qifan, mayor of Chongqing, China’s largest city, where Bo Xilai, the disgraced politician was party chief; and Du Jiahao, governor of Hunan Province.
Liu Ji, honorary president of leading business school Ceibs and a former senior official, warned that in some cases the policy could force out up to a third of EMBA students, and would not serve China’s economic interests and market liberalisation.
“You may find individual cases of corruption within the EMBA community but we mustn’t let a rat’s dropping spoil a whole cauldron of soup,” he said. “In the past months, dozens of ministerial ranking officials have been dismissed. Few of them studied EMBAs but almost all attended the Central Party School [the elite training centre for senior officials]. Are we supposed to close down the Party School?”
Three leading business schools contacted by the Financial Times said that many EMBA students from the party and government bodies had in recent weeks been quitting their studies or turning down scholarships to protect themselves from the intensifying anti-corruption campaign.
The type of executive training to be banned was not specified in the policy document announcing the change last month. However, it has been widely interpreted, both by business schools and the students as primarily targeting EMBA-style programmes.
The head of one business school, who did not want to be named, expressed dismay at the policy. He said all the officials who had enrolled as EMBA students since last year had quit and that many executives from state companies, who would normally account for 20 per cent of the students, were likely to follow suit.
“EMBA programmes allow government officials and private businessmen unique access to get to know each other close-range as classmates,” he said. “Officials could learn how private entrepreneurs think. And private entrepreneurs, in return, could get to know from officials how the economy and the country is run.”
While full-time MBAs have always been the flagships of US business schools, in China these part-time EMBAs, which target senior executives and officials, have become the degree of choice. However, in recent years some Chinese EMBA programmes have been criticised for their high price tags and low quality.
Related Topics

Shanghai editors detained in extortion probeShanghai editors detained in extortion probe
By Jamil Anderlini in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/931944e0-3419-11e4-8832-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

E. Railway announces special trains to clear festive season rushE. Railway announces special trains to clear festive season rush
Jayanta Mallick
Kolkata, Sept 17:  
Eastern Railway (ER) has announced several special trains to clear the rush during the forthcoming festive season.
It will run one weekly premium express special train between Sealdah and Delhi. The train would leave for Delhi on Saturday (September 27) and return from Delhi on every Sunday. The special service would continue till November 2 (total six trips in each direction).
ER will also run five pairs of premium (weekly) special trains between Howrah and New Jalpaiguri on every Friday instead of Thursday, between October 3 and 31.
The eastern railway said that it would also run four pairs of Howrah-Gorakhpur-Nautanwa Janasadharan special train leaving Howrah on every Sunday between September 21 and October 12 and Nautanwa on every Monday between September 22 and October 13.
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

India home to 100 billionaires  more than Switzerland  Hong Kong and FranceIndia ranks 6th in billionaire numbers
Press Trust of India | Singapore/New Delhi Sep 18, 2014 12:49 AM IST
India has retained its sixth position in the number of billionaires residing in the country. It is home to 100 such people, with a collective net worth of $175 billion. Globally, the number of ‘uber-rich’ people has reached a record 2,325.
According to the Wealth-X and UBS Billionaire Census 2014, released on Wednesday, though the number of billionaires in the country has decreased from 103 last year, India still enjoys a decent sixth position (the same as last year) in the top 10 league.
Interestingly, India has a higher number of billionaires than Switzerland, Hong Kong and France, among others. With 28 billionaires, financial capital Mumbai is among the top 20 ‘billionaire cities’ globally — the top being New York, which is home to 103 billionaires.
THE SUPER-RICH CLUB
India has 100 billionaires, collectively having $175 bn in networth
 
The country had 103 billionaires in 2013
 
There are 2,325 billionaires worldwide, with the addition of 155 new ones in 2014
 
With 28 billionaires, Mumbai is among the top 20 'billionaire cities' globally
 
New York is home to 103 billionaires
 
Europe, with 775 billionaires, is the region with the most billionaires and billionaire wealth ($2.37 trillion)
On the top 40 list of billionaire countries/territories, the US maintained its position as the first, with a population of 571 billionaires in 2014, followed by China (190) and the UK (130) respectively in the second and third positions.
According to the the report, which looks at the global billionaire population from July 2013 to June 2014, India’s billionaire population has decreased three per cent to 100 and the total billionaire wealth has fallen by $5 billion to $175 billion.However, the world’s population of billionaires continues to grow. The global billionaire population reached a record 2,325, with addition of 155 new ones in 2014, a rise of seven per cent from last year.
“The combined wealth of the world’s billionaires increased 12 per cent to $7.3 trillion, higher than the combined market capitalisation of all the companies that make up the Dow Jones Industrial Average,” the report said.
Europe, with 775 billionaires, is the region with the most number of billionaires and their combined wealth ($2.37 trillion). Asia boasts the largest billionaire wealth increase, with the fortunes of the region’s billionaires growing 18.7 per cent over the past year.
“The region (Asia) is responsible for 30 per cent of the net increase in global billionaire wealth in 2014. Asia’s billionaire population grew 10 per cent in the year, with 52 new entrants into the billionaire club. Of them, 33 are from China,” the report said.

Maritime silk road a boon for Sri LankaSri Lanka sees benefits of China’s ‘maritime silk road’ plan
By James Crabtree in Mumbai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8645737e-3e2d-11e4-b7fc-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Xi Jinping sees factory China and back office India as global engineE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

A guide to Scotland as independence votenearsA pair of Saltire's fly above a Yes sign in Eyemouth, Scotland, Tueday, Sept. 16, 2014. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Glasgow | Posted: September 17, 2014 2:06 pm
The people of Scotland will decide on Thursday whether to end a partnership with the rest of the United Kingdom that has lasted more than 300 years. Here is a guide to Scotland as the historic vote nears.
WHAT IS SCOTLAND?
Scotland, with little more than 5 million people, is one of the oldest countries in the world, having been united as a single nation by King Kenneth MacAlpin in the year 843.
It remained an independent state for more than 800 years until the formation of Great Britain in 1707.
When England found itself at war with France in the early 18th century, fears that Scotland would side with the enemy prompted London to block trade and deprive Scots of property they owned south of the border unless they agreed to create a single country.
After much debate — and widespread Scottish hostility — both the Scottish and English parliaments were dissolved on May 1, 1707 and replaced with a new British one.
HOW IS SCOTLAND DIFFERENT FROM THE REST OF THE UNITED KINGDOM?
Scotland has its own legal system, and the national Church of Scotland was guaranteed under the Act of Union.
However, all monetary and finance matters are controlled by the government in London and the Bank of England, which was founded by Scotsman William Paterson in 1694.
 
DOESN’T SCOTLAND ALREADY HAVE ITS OWN PARLIAMENT?
A desire for more autonomy in Scotland led to Westminster holding a referendum in 1997 for the establishment of a devolved Scottish Parliament in Edinburgh.
The idea was backed by 74.3 percent of the voters and in 1999 the parliament was opened for business by veteran politician Winnie Ewing, who chaired the first meeting, with the words: “The Scottish Parliament adjourned on the 25th day of March in the year 1707 is hereby reconvened.”
Members of the Scottish Parliament can legislate on education, health spending, housing, tourism, transport and a few other areas; they have no control over immigration, defense, foreign policy, employment, trade, energy or the main levers of finance.
Most of the money used by the Scottish Parliament to finance public services comes from a grant allocated by the United Kingdom government.
 
WHAT ARE SCOTLAND’S ECONOMIC STRENGTHS?
The U.K. produces more than 75 percent of the European Union’s offshore oil production, of which 90 percent is extracted from Scottish waters, according to the European Commission’s Joint Research Centre. Based on 2012 figures, the Scottish government says this Scottish oil contributes around £24.4 billion ($39.5 billion) to the U.K. economy.
In addition to oil, the Scottish government calculates the country could produce 25 percent of the EU’s offshore wind and tidal energy and 10 percent of the EU’s wave energy.
Scottish exports are worth around £100 billion year to the British Treasury, including continued…

RBI Guv Raghuram Rajan rues missing political will despite solutions beingclearThere may not be enough political will often to do what is necessary even if the solutions are clear, said RBI governor Raghuram Rajan. Reuters
Written by Mihika Basu | Mumbai | Posted: September 17, 2014 2:04 pm
There may not be enough political will often to do what is necessary even if the solutions are clear, said Reserve Bank of India (RBI) governor Raghuram Rajan, who was addressing students at an educational institute in Mumbai. He decided to “spend sometime” Tuesday talking on what was happening in the global economy.
“Economic policies are rarely what the textbooks say. The world for one is more complicated in terms of analysing what is going on. But even if the solutions are clear, it is not clear that there is often political will to do what is necessary, to undertake those solutions. And sometimes we end up doing what is easy and what is convenient, rather than what is necessary and what is hard. That’s why the field of economics used to be known as political economy and I think it’s high time we went back to call it political economy,” he said during the 55th foundation day celebrations of Somaiya Vidyavihar.
Rajan, who said that there is no point in reducing interest rates during a banking event Monday, told the media on Tuesday that he sees this as an ‘interaction’ with students and faculty and “it is not a place where I want to say anything about inflation and interest rates”.
Stating that it was great to be back at an institute to see wonderful innovations that are being done and what students are capable of, he said it reiterates the fact that the role of universities is not to teach students what to think, but how to think. “And sometimes not even how to think, but just the willingness to ask the right questions. I think if you go out of the university with curiosity, that sustains you for life and keeps you continuously learning and making contributions to society. So, I am glad from what I have seen, students are full of that kind of ambition,” he said.
Rajan said what one sees in the West is a very slow recovery from the financial crisis and there are several explanations for it. “The alternative view is the real problem was that the underlying difficulties in growth were there even before the great recession. And that was masked by a binge of borrowing. So debt fuelled an additional amount of demand in these countries, especially because globally savings were high and there was relatively low interest rates, allowing countries to borrow until they could borrow no more,” he said.
Stressing that the underlining problems are difficult to fix, Rajan said they used to be the problems of emerging markets, including problems of how to generate growth, how to educate the population and how continued…

Kunal Kohli to turn actor with PhirSe'Phir Se' is said to be based on a separated couple living in London.
BollywoodHungama.com | Mumbai | Posted: September 17, 2014 1:56 pm
Kunal Kohli who over the years has staked his claim in the industry by becoming a successful director, writer and producer is best known for his films ‘Hum Tum’ and ‘Fanaa’. Now we hear that the multi talented director is all set to turn actor with his next venture ‘Phir Se’. When we contacted Kunal, he said, “I cannot comment on the same as yet. But I will be making an official announcement of the same in the next few days.”
‘Phir Se’ is said to be based on a separated couple living in London, trying to come to terms with the consequences of their split. The film will go on floor in November this year and will mostly be shot in London.
As for the cast of the film, while Kunal Kohli who is also directing the film, will be seen playing the male lead, it is learnt that ‘Phir Se’ will feature a newcomer as for the leading lady. However unlike his earlier ventures produced under Kunal Kohli Productions, ‘Phir Se’ will be produced by a London based company.

Markets @ 2: Top 20 stock ideas | 7 stocks that returned upto 381%You are here: Home > Collections > Ril
Sensex on strong footing, Nifty above 7950; top 20 intraday bets
ET Now Sep 17, 2014, 03.03PM IST
Tags:
Ashwani Gujral
(Tracking the momentum,…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex rose as much as 190 points in trade on Wednesday, led by gains in Infosys, TCS, HDFC, M&M and RIL .
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also managed to reclaim its crucial psychological level of 7,950, supported by gains in realty, IT, metal and FMCG stocks.
At 3:00 p.m.; the 30-share index was at 26,619.66, up 127.15 points. It touched a high of 26,682.64 and a low of 26,511.71 in early trade.
The Nifty was at 7,972.55, up 39.65 points. It touched a high of 7,990.65 and a low of 7,936.95 in early trade.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
TCS Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2630 and a stop loss of Rs 2550
Infosys Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 3750 and a stop loss of Rs 3660
Cipla Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 590 and a stop loss of Rs 616
JSPL Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 204 and a stop loss of Rs 221
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
Dr Reddy's Laboratories Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 3150 and a stop loss of Rs 3014
Infosys Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 3770 and a stop loss of Rs 3670
JSW Energy Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 70 and a stop loss of Rs 78.50
PFC Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 235 and a stop loss of Rs 254
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO , Power My Wealth
L&T Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 1485 and a stop loss of Rs 1530
PFC Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 235 and a stop loss of Rs 250
TCS Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2630 and a stop loss of Rs 2575
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
Infosys Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 3750 and a stop loss of Rs 3669
M&M Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1405 and a stop loss of Rs 1380
Dr Reddy's Laboratories Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 3100 and a stop loss of Rs 3030
Shrikant Chouhan, Senior VP- Technical Research, Kotak Securities
Exide Industries Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 185 and a stop loss of Rs 167
Kolte Patil Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 210 and a stop loss of Rs 182
Tata Motors DVR is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 385 and a stop loss of Rs 350
Rakesh Bansal, VP- R K Global
ZEE Entertainment Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 302 and a stop loss of Rs 280
ITC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 368 and a stop loss of Rs 348
IFCI Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 30 and a stop loss of Rs 35
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Modi to welcome President Xi  China eyes big investmentsGrand welcome for Chinese president Xi in Modi's Ahmedabad, 3 MoUs signed
Agencies  New Delhi/Ahmedabad, September 17, 2014
First Published: 13:38 IST(17/9/2014) | Last Updated: 18:47 IST(17/9/2014)
Comments
Chinese President Xi Jinping was given a grand welcome when he arrived in Ahmedabad for a three day day visit of India.
Jinping, who arrived here from Sri Lanka, was welcomed by Gujarat Governor O P Kohli and Chief Minister Anandiben Patel, as well as the state cabinet ministers.
On his arrival, Xi was accorded a police guard of honour. Highlighting the importance New Delhi is attaching to his
visit, Prime Minister Narendra Modi came to receive him in the city.
Chinese President Xi Jinping receives warm welcome in Ahmedabad
Later the two sides signed three MoUs in the presence of both the leaders.
One of the MoUs is between China Development Bank (CDB) and Industrial Extension Bureau (iNDEXTb) of Gujarat government and relates to development of industrial parks in the state.
Another pact was signed between China's Guangdong province and Gujarat government. And the third MoU was between Guangzhou and Ahmedabad cities for cultural exchange.
 
India expects that the visit will address "interests and concerns" of both the countries and that "all substantive" issues which have bearing on the ties including the boundary dispute will be discussed.
 
Keen to boost trade ties, the Chinese side has already indicated that it will pledge to invest billions of dollars in India's railway, manufacturing and infrastructure projects during Xi's visit, the third by any Chinese president to India.
 
Highlighting the importance New Delhi is attaching to Xi's visit, Modi received the Chinese president in Ahmedabad. Modi said India seeks greater engagement with China but at the same time sought progress on "issues of concern".
 "I am looking forward to deepening our engagement across the full spectrum of our bilateral relations, but also seeking progress on issues of concern, because resolution of these issues will transform the atmosphere in our relations and allow us to realise the full potential of our relations," he said.
Read: Just ahead of Xi visit, India-Vietnam deal on China’s mind
 
President Xi is accompanied by a high-level delegation including two senior members of the politburo of the Communist party of China and the Chinese Commerce Minister.
 
The Chinese president will visit Mahatma Gandhi's Sabarmati Ashram and will spend some time along with Modi who will host a private dinner for the Chinese president at the Sabarmati riverfront.
Top industrialists from both the countries will take part in the business meet. The dinner to be served at a dome on the Sabarmati riverfront will consist of only Gujarati delicacies.
 
Foolproof security is in place for Xi's visit. Gujarat police with the help from central security agencies have made necessary arrangements.
 
Xi will leave for Delhi after dinner in Ahmedabad. Modi and Xi will hold extensive talks on Thursday in Delhi following which they are expected to sign a number of pacts which will provide for Chinese investments in a range of areas including railways and industrial parks.
 
Largely described as a visit to focus on economic and trade issues, Xi is expected to announce large scale Chinese investments in railways, manufacturing as well as infrastructure rivalling Japan's $35 billion commitment made during Modi's recent visit to Tokyo.
Read: How PM Modi is reaching out to China via Japan
 
Chinese officials say that China would be committing anywhere between $100 billion to $300 billion in the modernisation of Indian railways, establishing of industrial parks as well as investment in mega infrastructure projects.
China's foreign exchange reserves, the largest in the world, reached a record $3.95 trillion in March and it plans to invest around $500 billion overseas in the next five years, a large share of which is expected to find India's way.
 
Xi will be accompanied by his wife Peng Liyuan, state councillor Yang Jiechi, who was earlier foreign minister, Foreign Minister Wang Yi, Commerce Minister Gao Hucheng besides a number of businessmen and other leaders.
 
60-year-old Xi, who took over as the head of the ruling Communist Party in 2012 and President and military chief in March last year, had been sending clear signals of boosting bilateral relations with India.
Xi's visit is the third by any Chinese president to India. President Hu Jintao had visited India in 2006 and Jiang Zemin had come here in 1996.

India  China look to write new chapter in knotty relationsIndia and China look to put knotty relations on new footing
By By Rupam Jain Nair | Reuters –  Wed 17 Sep, 2014
Print
By Rupam Jain Nair
AHMEDABAD India (Reuters) - The electricity board in this Indian city has been instructed to avoid any power cuts and officials have been told to have their shoes polished and their shirts tucked in: Nothing has been left to chance for this week's visit by Chinese President Xi Jinping.
India's new prime minister, Narendra Modi, is determined to build closer relations with the world's second-largest economy, whose leader comes with pledges to invest billions of dollars in railways, industrial parks and roads.
He hopes that when Xi arrives in his home state of Gujarat on Wednesday, marking the first visit to India by a Chinese president since 2006, the leaders of the world's two most populous nations will establish a personal rapport.
"The two ... have the opportunity to craft a new kind of relationship between great powers that is very different from the Western-dominated, post-World War Two model of great power ties," said Jabin Jacob of the Institute of Chinese Studies in New Delhi.
"It remains to be seen, however, whether Modi and Xi can together summon the vision and statesmanship needed to grab the opportunity," he wrote in a commentary before the visit.
In one sign that India wants the Xi visit to be a success, New Delhi asked the Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama to reschedule an event in the capital so that it would not clash with the Chinese president's trip there on Friday.
The Dalai Lama, who Beijing labels a separatist seeking an independent Tibet, has lived in India since fleeing across the Himalayas after a failed uprising in his homeland in 1959.
MODI'S "INTENSIVE" FOREIGN POLICY
But despite the moonlight dinner that the two leaders will share in a luxury tent on the banks of the Sabarmati river as Modi celebrates his 64th birthday, strains between the nuclear-armed neighbours remain, and India's prime minister has made it clear that his regional foreign policy will be robust.
In a little more than 100 days since he came to power, Modi has engaged in what his government describes as "an intensive state of global engagement", reaching out to smaller neighbours and clasping Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in a bear hug on his first major trip outside South Asia.
Business ties between India and China may be growing fast, but relations between the two rising powers are also defined by competition for energy and regional clout, as well as a festering border dispute that led to a brief war 52 years ago.
India said on Tuesday it would firmly defend its 3,500-km (2,200-mile) border with China after domestic media reported a new face-off on the disputed frontier.
The Hindustan Times reported that more than 200 soldiers of the People's Liberation Army crossed into what India considers its territory in Ladakh in the western Himalayas last week, and set about building a 2-km (1.2-mile) road there.
Separately, Modi's government has eased restrictions on building roads and military facilities along its border with China to close the gap on its neighbour's superior transport network and take a stronger stance towards Beijing.
And this week, India extended a $100 million export credit for defence deals with Vietnam, one of China's rivals for influence in the South China Sea.
Modi is not the only regional leader seeking strategic influence, defence partners and economic opportunities.
Earlier this month Abe visited Bangladesh and Sri Lanka, asserting Tokyo's interest in a region where it has ceded influence to China.
Xi followed this week with trips to the Maldives, the Indian Ocean island nation that New Delhi has long considered its area of influence, and Sri Lanka, where the two sides built on a blossoming relationship by agreeing to launch negotiations for a free trade agreement.
(Writing by John Chalmers; Editing by Mike Collett-White)
Recommend

India ranks low on financial  social well-beingHi Guest
India ranks low on financial, social well-being
Most Indians are 'struggling' financially, reveals Gallup-Healthways survey.   Image: A view of crowded street in Bangalore. Photograph: Reuters According to Gallup-Healthways Well-Being Index, a "global barometer of individuals' perceptions of their own well-being", Indians' average ratings of their own lives have been slowly declining.     Only a fifth (21 per cent) of the respondents think they are financially thriving, while 49 per cent are struggling. Asked whether they liked ...

Lupin  Merck in pactLupin  Merck in pact
Chinese niggle in OVL s Vietnam dealChinese niggle in OVL s Vietnam deal
FIPB turns down Sistema proposalFIPB turns down Sistema proposal
India largest 2-wheeler market for HondaIndia largest 2-wheeler market for Honda
Zee Entertainment unveils second edition of  ZEE Leadership SeriesZee Entertainment unveils second edition of  ZEE Leadership Series
Don`t compare any stock with otherCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Modi s mother blessings him on 64th birthday; gifts him Rs 5 001Birthday boy Narendra Modi gets mother's blessings
Virendra Pandit
Tweet
Prime Minister Narendra Modi seeks blessings from his mother Hiraba on his birthday at the latter's residence in Gandhinagar early on Wednesday.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi seeks blessings from his mother Hiraba on his birthday at the latter's residence in Gandhinagar early on Wednesday.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi seeks blessings from his mother Hiraba on his birthday at the latter's residence in Gandhinagar early on Wednesday.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi seeks blessings from his mother Hiraba on his birthday at the latter's residence in Gandhinagar early on Wednesday.
Ahmedabad, Sept 17:  
Following a tradition he commenced in 1967, when he left home to join the society full-time, Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who turned 64 on Wednesday, met his nonagenarian mother, Hiraben, here to seek her blessings.
The affectionate mother, 94, blessed her illustrious son in an emotional reunion. Sitting on a plastic chair, she also fed “laddoo” to Modi and gifted Rs 5,001 which would be donated towards the PM’s Relief Fund for the flood victims of Jammu and Kashmir. Modi spent about 15 minutes with his mother and other family members.
When Modi took her blessings on September 17, 2013, she had gifted him Rs 11 while on May 22, before he left for New Delhi to take oath as PM, she had gifted Rs 501.
Although the Gujarat Government launched a series of welfare programmes to mark Modi’s birthday during his presence here, the PM had urged the people not to celebrate the occasion with pomp and donate liberally for providing relief to the flood victims of Jammu and Kashmir
Modi, who arrived on his home turf of Gujarat on Tuesday on a two-day visit, the first after he took oath as PM on May 26, and stayed at the Raj Bhavan here, drove down to his younger brother Pankaj’s residence in Sector 22 to meet Hiraben. The mother has been staying with her younger son, a Gujarat Government official, for long.
Every year, Modi visits his mother at least twice, the other occasion being Diwali. Also, he seeks her blessings at the time of elections and victories, or before taking oaths.
Birthday wishes
Modi’s 64th birthday is significant because he is going to host the visiting Chinese President, Xi Linping, in Ahmedabad. Jinping congratulated Modi whom he is scheduled to meet in the afternoon.
The PM also received congratulatory calls from President Pranab Mukherjee and Japanese PM Shinzo Abe, among others.
Gujarat Chief Minister Anandiben Patel, a close confidante of Modi and his successor, tweeted early this morning to wish the PM and also “saluted” his mother. She visited the Raj Bhavan to personally greet the PM.
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

China and India to drive global engine  says Chinese President XiChinese President Xi Jinping arrives in India for trade talks
Agencies |  Sep 17, 2014 03:48 PM IST
Chinese President Xi Jinping and China's first lady Peng Liyuan being welcomed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi at The Hotel Hyatt in Ahmedabad. The two leaders will oversee signing of three MoUs between government representatives of both the nations
Chinese President Xi Jinping arrived in Gujarat for a 3-day tour of India. The President and first lady Peng Liyuan was received by Gujarat Chief Minister Anandiben Patel at Ahmedabad airport followed by a grand welcome that included a traditional Gujarati dance.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi who celebrates his 64th birthday today will receive the President at Hotel Hyatt. This is the first visit to India by a Chinese President since 2006.
A combination of the "world's factory" and the "world's back office" will drive global economic growth, Chinese President Xi Jinping said ahead of a rare visit to India on Wednesday, playing down mistrust that has kept the Asian giants apart.
 
India's new prime minister, Narendra Modi, is determined to build closer relations with the world's second-largest economy, whose leader arrives on Modi's 64th birthday and comes with pledges to invest billions of dollars in railways, industrial parks and roads.
 
"As the two engines of the Asian economy, we need to become cooperation partners spearheading growth," Xi wrote in a column in The Hindu newspaper.
 
He said China's strong manufacturing base and India's software and scientific skills had massive potential both as a production base and for creating a consumer market.
 
Modi is seeking more access for India's IT services and pharmaceuticals to China to help balance $65 billion in annual trade that is heavily tilted in China's favour.
 
They may also discuss working together on civilian nuclear programmes and seek a solution for a long-running travel visa row, Indian officials said.
 
Modi hopes the leaders of the world's two most populous nations will establish a personal rapport to match the warmth he shares with Japanese Prime Minister Abe, who wished Modi in a phone call on Wednesday morning, Indian media reported.
 
But beyond the smiles and the commercial embrace, ties between nuclear-armed India and China are marked by competition for energy and regional clout as well as a festering border dispute that led to a brief war 52 years ago.
 
Even as officials rolled out red carpets for Xi in Gujarat's main city, Ahmedabad, friction emerged over a Himalayan border incursion and a pact between India and Vietnam to explore oil and gas in parts of the South China Sea claimed by Beijing.
 
In his column, Xi said the two sides were "properly managing problems and differences" and that they shared one of the most dynamic and promising bilateral relations of the 21st century.
 
In one sign that India wants the Xi visit to be a success, New Delhi asked the Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama to reschedule an event in the capital so that it would not clash with the Chinese president's trip there on Friday.
 
The Dalai Lama, whom Beijing labels a separatist seeking an independent Tibet, has lived in India since fleeing across the Himalayas after a failed uprising against Chinese rule of his homeland in 1959. Police detained a small group of Tibetan protesters from outside China's embassy in Delhi on Wednesday.
 
MODI'S "INTENSIVE" FOREIGN POLICY
 
In a little more than 100 days since he came to power, Modi has engaged in what his government describes as "an intensive state of global engagement", reaching out to smaller neighbours and clasping Japan's Abe in a bear hug on his first major trip outside South Asia.
 
He is due to visit Washington and New York at the end of the month.
 
India has taken a tougher stance on Beijing's practice of issuing stapled, rather than printed, visas to Indian citizens from the disputed regions of Arunachal Pradesh and Ladakh. Foreign Minister Sushma Swaraj told her Chinese counterpart she expected China to accept a "one India policy."
 
"When they raised with us the issue of Tibet and Taiwan, we appreciated their sensitivities. So we also want that they should understand and appreciate our sensitivities regarding Arunachal," she told reporters earlier this month.
 
India said on Tuesday it would firmly defend its 3,500-km (2,200-mile) border with China after domestic media reported a new face-off on the frontier.
 
"The two ... have the opportunity to craft a new kind of relationship between great powers that is very different from the Western-dominated, post-World War Two model of great power ties," said Jabin Jacob of the Institute of Chinese Studies in New Delhi.
 
"It remains to be seen, however, whether Modi and Xi can together summon the vision and statesmanship needed to grab the opportunity," he wrote in a commentary before the visit.
 
Modi is not the only regional leader seeking strategic influence, defence partners and economic opportunities.
 
Earlier this month, Abe visited Bangladesh and Sri Lanka, asserting Tokyo's interest in a region where it has ceded influence to China.
 
Xi followed this week with trips to the Maldives, the Indian Ocean island nation that New Delhi has long considered its area of influence, and Sri Lanka, where the two sides built on a blossoming relationship by agreeing to launch negotiations for a free trade agreement.

Modi s twitter followers cross 64 lakh margin on his 64th birthdayModi's twitter followers cross 6.4 million on his 64th birthday
BS Reporter | Ahmedabad Sep 18, 2014 12:48 AM IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's followers on microblogging site twitter have crossed the 64 lakh mark on his 64th birthday. 
The last few weeks saw Modi's twitter account @narendramodi add a significant number of followers. From 61.1 lakh on September 3 to 64.1 lakh on September 17, 300,000 followers were added in a fortnight.
Modi has been actively using the micro-blogging site to connect with people for sometime now, and especially during the run up to the last Lok Sabha elections.
Twitter had said earlier that there were nearly 60 million election-related tweets during the Lok Sabha elections this year.
The Prime Minister's birthday, which began with him visiting his mother Hiraba in Gandhinagar, would end in a dinner with the Chinese President Xi Jinping. Earlier this morning, Modi met his mother to seek her blessings.

Johnson mocks Murdochs Scottish hintsBoE probes money auction rigging fears
He was speaking on Tuesday to Mr Murdoch and his staff at a private gathering to mark News UK’s move from Wapping to new headquarters at London Bridge, where about 2,400 people will now work.
There was speculation the Sun would become the only major publication to back the Yes campaign, after Mr Murdoch told his 526,000 followers on Twitter this week that Scotland was “ready emotionally and politically” for independence.
His own empire has itself benefited from splitting into two – analysts say that the 2013 division into print-focused News Corp and television-heavy Twenty-First Century Fox increased the Murdoch family’s wealth by hundreds of millions of pounds.
However, on Wednesday the Sun opted not to back either side in the independence campaign. Few observers thought that its endorsement would have exerted a decisive impact – unlike after the 1992 UK general election, when the tabloid proclaimed “It’s the Sun wot won it”.
“There is a very long history of people who buy one newspaper voting the opposite way to the one that the newspaper recommends,” said George Brock, a former journalist and senior Times executive who is now a professor and head of journalism at City University. “Rupert is – first and foremost in this kind of situation – a mischief-maker.”
Most major titles have openly opposed independence, leading to accusations of bias by the Yes campaign. Only the Sunday Herald , which has a weekly circulation of 24,000, has supported independence – and even then it seemed to play down the significance of its stance. “We state our opinion not in an attempt to persuade our readers. That would be presumptuous and arrogant,” the paper wrote in an editorial in May.
More video
If any media can claim credit for the tightening of the opinion polls, it is the televised debates between Alex Salmond and Alistair Darling, leaders of the Yes and No camps. In early August, the No campaign led by up to 20 points in the polls . Six weeks later, following two TV debates, the two are neck-and-neck.
In depth

RuPay sees boost from PM Jan Dhan YojanaCard payment network RuPay sees boost from PM Jan Dhan Yojana
Devidutta Tripathy     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 11, 2014  | 18:30 IST
A RuPay sign is seen on the door of an automated teller machine (ATM) while a user is seen, at a commercial building in Mumbai (Photo: Reuters)
The government's financial inclusion drive to expand banking services in the country, is giving a boost to home-grown card payment network RuPay, which expects to quadruple the number of users by March and make debit cards more acceptable in a nation where cash is still king.
Started in 2012 by National Payments Corp of India (NPCI), a company owned by 10 local and foreign banks, RuPay competes with global payment firms Visa and MasterCard for the few customers in Asia's third largest economy able to afford a debit or credit card.
RuPay's share of daily card transactions, however, remains small compared with the global firms, which are more established, offer both debit and credit cards and are accepted by more retailers. RuPay currently offers only debit cards.
RuPay users account for just 1.5 per cent of daily card transactions of almost one million at retailers, said AP Hota, chief executive of NPCI.
As of July, banks issued just under 435 million payment cards in the country. Most were debit cards.
Hota told Reuters the payments network was set to grow rapidly from the government's so-called financial inclusion scheme, which aims to ensure the majority of households has a bank account within months.
Under the Jan Dhan scheme, which was launched late in August, Indians who open a bank account for the first time automatically get a RuPay card .
Hota said the number of RuPay users has now almost doubled from 23 million at the end of July.
By March next year, the CEO expects that number to rise to 160 million, with more than 60 per cent of the increase coming from the government scheme.
"Jan Dhan itself would provide a big opportunity for the domestic card brand to be a formidable force," said Hota, referring to the financial inclusion scheme, Jan Dhan Yojana , which means People's Wealth Scheme.
"(RuPay Card transactions are) just a drop in the ocean at the moment. But drop by drop we are increasing our size."
NPCI is also trying to lure more customers by charging banks lower fees than Visa and MasterCard, Hota added.
Visa, the world's largest credit and debit card company, declined to give its market share, but said the country was amongst the world's fastest-growing payments markets.
"We believe Visa is well-positioned competitively," Uttam Nayak, group country manager of India and South Asia, at Visa, said in emailed comments, adding his company welcomed competition.
MasterCard did not reply to requests seeking comment.
NPCI's shareholders include PSU-lender State Bank of India , the country's largest bank, and foreign lenders Citibank and HSBC. The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has a nominee on its board.
The organisation plans to launch RuPay cards that will be accepted overseas through a partnership with Discover Financial Services and is also in talks with Japanese card network JCB about a partnership, Hota said.
RuPay had aimed to issue credit cards by March 2015, but those plans have now been delayed by the government scheme, Hota said. "Rural acceptance of the Jan Dhan cards will be our priority," he added.
(Reuters)

Rupee tanks 48 paise to 61.13 against dollarUpdated: September 15, 2014 19:17 IST
Rupee tanks 48 paise to 61.13 against dollar
PTI
The Hindu The rupee met with strong resistance and dipped to a low of 61.18 against the dollar before settling at 61.13, a steep fall of 48 paise or 0.79 per cent on Monday. File Photo
TOPICS
currency values
A strong surge in the dollar overseas also kept the rupee under pressure combined with expectations of higher trade deficit data
The Indian rupee on Monday plunged 48 paise, logging its biggest fall in more than five weeks, to close at over one-month low of 61.13 against the greenback following fresh dollar demand from importers and negative cues from local equities.
A strong surge in the dollar overseas also kept the rupee under pressure combined with expectations of higher trade deficit data, a forex dealer said. After currency markets closed, government data showed that the trade gap in August rose to $10.83 billion.
Against a gauge of six major global rivals, the dollar index was up by 0.23 per cent ahead of the two-day policy setting meeting of the US Federal Reserve starting tomorrow.
Forex dealers expect early hike in interest rates by the Fed after improving economic indicators, which might induce foreign funds to withdraw money from emerging markets, including India.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the local currency resumed lower at 60.92 a dollar from last weekend’s close of 60.65 and immediately touched a high of 60.90.
Later, rupee met with strong resistance and dipped to a low of 61.18 before settling at 61.13, a steep fall of 48 paise or 0.79 per cent. Previously, it had tumbled by 65 paise on August 6, 2014. The closing level of 61.13 is its weakest since ending at 61.21 on August 13, 2014.
The benchmark S&P BSE Sensex on Monday plunged 244.48 points, or 0.90 per cent, on weak global cues. FPIs/FIIs had picked up shares worth $40.83 million last Friday, Sebi data says.
Meanwhile, the inflation measured on Wholesale Price Index (WPI) dipped to 3.74 per cent in August to a nearly five-year low from 5.19 per cent in July and 6.99 per cent in August 2013.
Pramit Brahmbhatt, Veracity Group CEO said: “Rupee lost over 0.75 per cent taking cues from the strong dollar. The local equities closed in the red even though WPI numbers were at a five-year low in August. However, increased demand for the US currency from importers dented the rupee. The trading range for the spot rupee is expected to be within 60.80 to 61.60.”
The Reserve Bank of India fixed the reference rate for dollar at 60.9945 and for the euro at 79.0306.
The rupee fell back sharply against the pound to 99.29 from 98.34 previously and also dropped to 79.00 per euro from 78.44. It dipped to 57.00 per 100 Japanese yen from 56.60.

With market sentiment strong  discretion better part of valour  says Dipen ShahE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Don t mix sexual fantasies with true love lifeMost people have sexual fantasies and that is quite healthy and normal. (Source: Thinkstock Images)
Indo-Asian News Service | Toronto | Posted: September 16, 2014 2:53 pm | Updated: September 16, 2014 2:55 pm
Having sexual fantasies with your partner is not all that bad but people with high levels of psychopathic traits lean towards non-romantic sexual fantasies with anonymous and uncommitted partners that may harm their real sex life.
According to researchers, psychopathic sexual behaviour arises owing to a preference for sexual activity outside a loving, committed relationship rather than only an inability to form such relationships.
Most people have sexual fantasies and that is quite healthy and normal.
“However, people with higher levels of psychopathic traits are more likely to report having actually engaged in those fantasised behaviours, especially when the behaviours were not within the context of established romantic relationships,” explained Dr Beth A. Visser from the Trent University, Ottawa in Canada.
To reach this conclusion, authors performed two studies.
In the first study, they rated content themes in the fantasy narratives of 195 men and women recruited at a Canadian university.
In the second study, they administered a sexual fantasy questionnaire to 355 Canadian undergraduate students.
The idea was to examine the relations between psychopathic traits and sexual fantasy content.
“That is, are individuals with high levels of psychopathic traits more or less likely than other individuals to fantasize about certain fantasy content? Specifically, at higher levels of psychopathy, does partner variety take precedence over emotional connection in sexual fantasies?” asked Dr. Visser.
Furthermore, they sought to understand whether psychopathy moderated the relations between sexual fantasy and sexual behaviour.
“That is, are individuals with higher levels of psychopathic traits more likely to engage in the sexual activities about which they fantasise, particularly when those fantasies are deviant or outside social norms?” the authors deliberated.
They found that individuals with deviant sexual preferences and normal levels of empathy, kindness and self-control have many strategies for satisfying their needs, including negotiation, compromise, and restraint.
“However, individuals with high levels of psychopathic traits might turn to sexually aggressive strategies to attain gratification,” Dr. Visser noted.
The research paper appeared in the Journal of Personality.

Mutual fund scheme launched for NRI investors in OmanE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

SAIL shares to hit markets between Sept 24-26SAIL shares to hit markets between Sept 24-26
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 16, 2014  | 18:59 IST
The Cabinet had in July 2012 approved a 10.82 per cent stake sale in the country's largest steel maker. (Photo: Reuters)
The disinvestment of five per cent stake in state-run Steel Authority of India (SAIL) is likely to happen between September 24 and 26, a senior government official said on Tuesday.
The sale of shares, worth about Rs 20.65 crore, of the steel maker at the current market price of Rs 77.15 a piece would fetch the exchequer around Rs 1,600 crore.
"The disinvestment is likely to happen any day between September 24 and September 26 through the OFS route," the official said, adding roadshows for the share sale are already over.
Domestic roadshows for the issue were held in Mumbai and Chennai. Two teams were sent to meet overseas investors. While one visited London, New York and Boston, the other solicited participation of investors based in Singapore and Hong Kong.
Apart from SAIL, Coal India (CIL), NHPC, PFC and REC are on the block among others. The government has been using the OFS route for disinvestment of public sector undertakings (PSUs).
Government would kick-start its ambitious disinvestment programme with SAIL. It is proposing to garner Rs 43,425 crore from share sale in the PSUs, of which about 30 per cent may come from five per cent or Rs 18,000 crore stake sale in ONGC.
The Cabinet had in July 2012 approved a 10.82 per cent stake sale in the country's largest steel maker. Accordingly, the first tranche of disinvestment of 5.82 per cent was done in March 2013.
Retail investors would be offered an additional incentive of an increased investment quota as well as discount to the issue price, which would be announced a day before the OFS.
The government might announce the issue date two days prior to the OFS.
Market regulator Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) had in January, 2013 permitted the promoters of top 100 companies to use the auction route or OFS route to dilute stake in listed companies. It also permitted OFS in those PSUs which were to meet the minimum 25 per cent public holding norm.

Microsoft buys Minecraft  Lex digs inAbout Lex
Blog guide
This is a blog and notebook by the writers of Lex, the investment column of the Financial Times. It's a chance to see inside the work of a Lex writer and to participate in the construction of a Lex note . It will also contain some brief observations and thought-provoking questions from Lex columnists.
If you have yet to register on FT.com you will be asked to do so before you begin to read this blogs. However, our Lex posts remain free.
Lex is the oldest and arguably the most influential business and finance column of its kind in the world. The unconflicted column covers corporate affairs and fiercely guards its editorial independence.

Lessons in failure from the error management gurusLessons in failure from the error management gurus
By Alicia Clegg
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d4b61ee2-39b3-11e4-83c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Wanda Commercial seeks Hong Kong listingWanda Commercial seeks Hong Kong listing
By Josh Noble in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/686e8d42-3da4-11e4-b782-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Orange / Jazztel: swing time© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/eb003918-3da4-11e4-8797-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The big money behind Scotland s voteThe big money behind Scotland's independence vote
By Mark Thompson   @MarkThompsonCNN September 16, 2014: 12:34 PM ET
Harry Potter author J.K.Rowling gave £1 million to the campaign fighting to keep Scotland in the U.K.
LONDON (CNNMoney)
The rich are throwing their money around on both sides of the upcoming vote on Scottish independence that is dividing Britain.
Harry Potter author J.K. Rowling is on the side of keeping the U.K. together; she gave the "Better Together" campaign £1 million.
And the pro-independence campaign got £1 million from Chris and Colin Weir -- a Scottish couple who won a lottery jackpot of £161 million in 2011.
All told, campaigners opposed to independence have raised £2.7 million in donations greater than £7,500 since December 2013.
The "Yes" campaign raised £1.8 million over the same period.
Those numbers were reported to the U.K. Electoral Commission, which is overseeing Thursday's historic vote.
Related: Scotland's banks threaten to leave
But the final total spent trying to persuade Scotland's 4.3 million registered voters will far exceed the £4.5 million recorded so far by the Electoral Commission.
That's because its figures exclude donations made before December 18, 2013, individual amounts of less than £7,500, and money given to political parties campaigning for either side.
 
The cost of Scottish independence
The Weirs, for example, have given as much as £3.5 million in total to support the independence bid.
Related: 5 reasons to worry about Scottish vote
The lead campaign organizations on both sides -- Better Together and Yes Scotland -- were limited to spending £1.5 million each during the 16 weeks leading up to polling day.
But the Scottish National Party of independence champion Alex Salmond may have spent as much as £1.3 million campaigning during that period.
And the three leading British parties opposed to independence were allowed to spend about £1.4 million.
First Published: September 16, 2014: 12:34 PM ET
Most Popular

The best Chinese stock NOT named AlibabaBy Paul R. La Monica   @lamonicabuzz September 16, 2014: 11:29 AM ET
 
Buy Baidu instead of Alibaba?
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Investors are salivating for the upcoming Alibaba initial public offering like one of Pavlov's dogs that's just heard a bell ring.
Alibaba, often described as the Chinese equivalent of Amazon ( AMZN , Tech30 ), eBay ( EBAY , Tech30 ) and PayPal, boosted the price range for its IPO on Monday.
The company may now raise $25 billion from its stock sale and could be worth nearly $170 billion once it starts trading on Friday on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol BABA ( BABA ).
But should investors really try and buy Alibaba on Friday?
Related: What you need to know if you want to buy Alibaba
It's always risky to purchase a new stock on its debut day. Fortunately though, there is already a great (and safer) way to invest in the boom in China's Internet economy: search engine Baidu ( BIDU , Tech30 ), which is essentially the Google ( GOOGL , Tech30 ) of China.
Baidu has been publicly traded in the U.S. since 2005. The stock has surged 1,600% from its first day closing price! It has done better than Apple, Google and Amazon in the past nine years.
The company reported ridiculously strong growth for the second quarter back in July. Sales were up 58.5% from a year ago. Earnings rose 34%.
Like Google, Facebook ( FB , Tech30 ), Twitter ( TWTR , Tech30 ) and other companies that depend largely on advertising, Baidu has also done a great job of building up its mobile presence. Revenue from mobile now accounts for 30% of total sales.
And the best news for investors is that Baidu's stock is still reasonably valued. Even though one share costs more than $200, Baidu trades at about 24 times 2015 earnings forecasts. That's not dirt cheap but it doesn't conjure up bad memories of the 2000 dot-com bubble either.
 
Alibaba jumpstarts small fashion brand
This is not to say that Alibaba is going to be a dud. And there are also some big challenges facing Baidu as well.
Will Baidu ever be able to expand outside of China in a major way? Currently, its only non-China business is a Baidu-branded search engine in Japan.
It's also fair to wonder how successful Baidu might be outside of China since it really has the market there all to itself once Google pretty much gave up on the search market in China in 2010 due to censorship concerns.
Related: Alibaba is actually a lot different than Amazon
Speaking of Google, it looks like Baidu is also trying to make a name for itself with driverless cars. Baidu just announced a research partnership with BMW to develop tech for semi-autonomous vehicles. Baidu also has developed a wearable device called Baidu Eye, which is very similar to Google Glass.
So is Baidu stretching itself too thin by trying to be too much like Google? Possibly.
But Baidu, much like Google, has performed well enough to deserve some benefit of the doubt.
Investors should remember that too. Alibaba is not the be-all and end-all when it comes to Chinese tech stocks.
First Published: September 16, 2014: 11:29 AM ET
Most Popular

OECD Unveils Proposals to Curb Corporate Tax AvoidanceYou are here: Home Economy
OECD Unveils Proposals to Curb Corporate Tax Avoidance
Reuters | Updated On: September 16, 2014 22:59 (IST)
E-Auction of Coal Blocks to Boost Investor Confidence: Report
London: New international tax rules proposed on Tuesday could eliminate structures that have allowed companies such as Google Inc and Amazon.com Inc to shave billions of dollars off their tax bills.
The Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) announced a series of measures that, if implemented by members, could stop companies from employing many commonly-used practices to shift profits into tax havens.
Corporate tax avoidance has become a hot political topic following media coverage and parliamentary investigations into the arrangements many big companies use to cut tax bills.
Amazon and Google say they pay all the taxes they should. Analysts say competitive pressures force companies to seek to minimise all costs, including tax.
Last year, the Group of 20 leading economies asked the Paris-based think tank to develop an action plan to tackle the problem.
Big US technology companies could be those most affected by the OECD's plans but others could also be hit, including pharmaceuticals and branded consumer goods firms, as well as many European companies.
Chris Morgan, head of tax policy at accountants KPMG in London, said the proposals were "balanced" and while some firms would pay more tax, big business accepted the need for change.
Anti-poverty charity ActionAid criticised the plans saying some of the measures envisaged would be too expensive for developing countries to implement.
The draft proposals announced have been agreed by all G20 members and OECD members, which include most major industrialised countries, the OECD said in a statement.
But the measures form part of a larger "(tax) base erosion and profit shifting" programme that will conclude next year. Only then will countries look at enshrining the results of the programme in law.
Treaty misuse
For more than 50 years, OECD's work on international taxation has been focused on ensuring companies are not taxed twice on the same profits. The fear was that this would hamper trade and limit global growth.
Over the years, OECD has formulated a standardised model tax treaty which allows countries to split taxation rights and avoid double taxation, partly by providing reliefs from measures intended to stop tax avoidance, such as withholding taxes.
But companies have been using such treaties to ensure profits are not taxed anywhere.
For example, search giant Google takes advantage of tax treaties to channel more than $8 billion in untaxed profits out of Europe and Asia each year and into a subsidiary that is tax resident in Bermuda, which has no income tax.
Google executive chairman Eric Schmidt has said changes to rules that increase its tax bill would hit innovation.
OECD's proposals would make amendments to its model treaty so that cross-border transactions would not benefit from the reliefs in tax treaties, if a principal reason for engaging in the transactions was to avoid tax.
"We are putting an end to double non-taxation," OECD head of tax Pascal Saint-Amans said in a call with reporters.
The think tank, which also advises members on economic policy, also wants curbs on how much profit companies can report in centralised intra-company lending and purchasing arms, which are often based in tax havens.
Where such subsidiaries generate large profits on the back of intra-company trade, OECD said the profits should be shared across the group.
This could hit UK telecoms provider Vodafone Group Plc, which has a Luxembourg subsidiary that buys telephone equipment for the group.
Vodafone Procurement Company's 200 staff generated profits of more than 400 million euros ($518.5 million) last year, making it one of the group's smallest but most profitable divisions. An unusual Luxembourg tax rule allowed the subsidiary to pay no tax on that profit.
Vodafone said businesses across Europe already benefited from savings achieved by the Luxembourg operation and that it did not expect a significant impact on its business from the OECD measures.
Tax residence
OECD has also proposed changes in the rules on tax residence that allow US tech giants to generate billions of dollars in sales in many countries but not have those revenues assessed for tax by those countries' tax authorities.
A long-standing rule that allows a company to operate a warehouse in a country without creating a tax residence there should be reconsidered, the think tank said.
This would potentially hit Internet retailer Amazon as the warehouse exclusion allowed Amazon to channel 15 billion euros last year in European sales to a subsidiary in Luxembourg, where it can build up profits tax free.
A raft of companies which sell online including Apple Inc's iTunes service, software provider Adobe Systems Inc. and e-commerce group eBay Inc. could also be forced to report revenues in the countries where they are generated, if the OECD's proposal that having a "significant digital presence" in a country would also create a tax residence.
A Reuters investigation last year found that three quarters of the 50 biggest US technology companies channeled revenues from European sales into low tax jurisdictions such as Ireland and Switzerland, rather than reporting them nationally.
The companies all say they comply with tax rules in all the countries where they operate. Anton Hume, global head of transfer pricing at accountants BDO, said the measures could prompt companies to change their structures and move jobs out of tax havens: "It may mean that a lot of activities are onshored again."
However, Ireland's jobs and enterprise minister, Richard Bruton, said his country would not lose out.
"As countries move away from other tax haven situations, a good country with a very clear, certain, regime like Ireland can stand to gain," he said.
(1 dollar = 0.7714 euro)
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014
Story first published on: September 16, 2014 22:28 (IST)

Orange in Africa bank cash transfer linksOrange links with African banks to expand mobile money services
By Daniel Thomas, Telecoms Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/71481c3e-3dc8-11e4-b782-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Inch towards Miles is PM Narendra Modi mantra as Xi Jinping arrives today‘Inch towards Miles’ is PM Narendra Modi mantra as Xi Jinping arrives today
Shubhajit Roy | New Delhi | Updated:  Sep 17 2014, 12:06  IST
Sep 17 2014, 12:06  IST
 

JLR launches locally produced Jaguar XJ 2.0 at Rs 93.24 lakhE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

VAT problem: Amazons operations face disruptionE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

US Fed may decide on new rate tool this weekJonathan Spicer and Ann Saphir     New York/San Francisco   Last Updated: September 17, 2014  | 11:50 IST
US Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen at Capitol Hill in Washington(Photo: Reuters)
There is a distinct chance US Federal Reserve officials will rewrite their strategy for normalising monetary policy this week given signs that a roller-coaster debate over a new tool for controlling interest rates is nearing its resolution.
Investors worldwide are watching the US central bank's policy meeting that ends on Wednesday for hints on when it will start raising borrowing costs. But perhaps as importantly, officials may finally update a 2011 blueprint for a gradual tightening of the Fed's ultra-loose policy and shrinking its swollen asset portfolio.
Many Fed officials, economists and financial market participants once believed the so-called overnight reverse repurchase facility, which has been tested for a year, would become the main lever for steering interest rates and play a central role in a new monetary policy framework.
However, after a long debate over the merits and potential risks of the new tool the Fed appears close to a compromise limiting the use of the facility, Fed and industry sources say.
In a reverse repo - a tool used by other central banks, but new for the Fed in such an unlimited capacity - the central bank offers Treasury securities in exchange for cash from banks, money market funds and mortgage finance agencies, effectively paying them to park funds with the Fed.
Traditionally, the Fed does business only with a select group of banks, so the broad range of participating institutions raised stability concerns among central bankers.
Minutes from previous meetings show Fed officials are close to agreeing on "exit principles", which they want to publish long before they start raising rates. A compromise on the new tool could pave the way for the plan to see the light Wednesday afternoon, though it is not clear if all differences have already been ironed out.
"To me it would make sense, if we can achieve it, to do it in September, but we'll see," Dallas Federal Reserve Bank President Richard Fisher said in an interview in early September.
Officials at the US central bank's influential New York branch had big plans for the new facility, designed to help drain the vast pool of reserves the central bank has created trying to revive the economy in the wake of the global financial crisis.
But reservations among policymakers elsewhere in the country made it a sticking point in the effort to rewrite the exit principles that would guide any policy tightening.
Like other officials, Fisher has yet to give the new tool a full embrace and Fed minutes show he is not alone.
"It has utility, but we have to be careful in deploying it," he said. "I think we have to be careful that we don't become party to anything that could in any way shape or form... Have financial repercussions that we did not foresee."
UPS AND DOWNS
As the New York branch of the Federal Reserve ramped up testing of the overnight reverse repo late last year, banks, funds and other market players started preparing for a major new Fed presence in short-term funding markets.
In December, Simon Potter, head of markets at the New York Fed, said the tool's users were telling his team it would effectively control money market rates "if executed in full scale in the future."
"When it first came through everyone thought it would be integral to monetary policy," said Gennadiy Goldberg, a strategist at TD Securities.
But in January the Fed's policy-setting committee decided that its chair - Ben Bernanke at the time and now Janet Yellen - would approve any subsequent changes to the new rate during the testing, an apparent effort to wrest some control of the facility from the central bank's New York branch.
Later in March, just a few blocks from the New York Fed's headquarters, Philadelphia Fed President Charles Plosser told an audience of bond traders that the committee, and not the New York Fed's open markets desk, would ultimately decide its fate.
How to drain more than $3 trillion of funds pumped into the economy since 2008 without causing market upheaval and hurting economic recovery is the ultimate challenge for the Fed.
The new facility has been a key topic in at least three policy-setting committee meetings since April and officials could still delay the publication of the exit principles if they decide the tool needs more testing.
One chief worry has been that giving money market funds unlimited access to the new facility could spark "runs" from more risky assets in times of financial stress.
Another concern is that it would align the Fed too closely with the non-traditional - and possibly more risky - funds, and cut out the banks.
By July, most officials appeared to agree that reliance on the tool should be limited and temporary.
The key policy rate, they agreed, should remain the rate on overnight lending between banks known as the fed funds rate. The federal funds rate would be pinned within a quarter percentage point corridor, with the rate paid to banks on excess reserves held at the Fed serving as the ceiling, and the reverse repo rate acting as a floor.
But to curb demand for the latter the Fed now plans to pay a rate further below the target rate than officials had earlier envisioned.
"This is a far cry from the original plan," former Fed Governor Laurence Meyer co-wrote last month in a note for Macroeconomic Advisers.
(Reuters)

Asia leads ranks of new billionairesAsian billionaires create wealth fastest
By Jeremy Grant in Singapore
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/35394644-3e1a-11e4-b175-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rekha  Sridevi  Neetu Singh watch Sonam Kapoor s  Khoobsuratentertainment
Rekha, Sridevi, Neetu Singh watch Sonam Kapoor’s ‘Khoobsurat’
Prior to the release of Sonam Kapoor’s ‘Khoobsurat’, a special screening of the rom-com film saw a host of celebrities including Rekha, Sridevi and Neetu Singh.
Rekha had played the lead role in the original version of 'Khoobsurat' directed by Hrishikesh Mukherjee (1980). (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Sridevi was chic in a brown-cropped jumpsuit with matching pumps and an arm candy. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Veteran actress Rekha made an entrance with Sonam's producer sister Rhea Kapoor. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Rhea gets the stamp of approval from Rekha, who played the role of bubbly Manju in the Hrishikesh Mukherjee film. Khoobsurat is based on the hit 1980 film. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
While Rekha went the usual sari route, Rhea was causal in an Isabel Marant Étoile sweatshirt with black pants and her Céline loafers. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Take a bow! Rekha to Rhea. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Actress Neetu Singh (Kapoor) arrived with her sister-in-law Reema Jain. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Sonam's cousin Mohit Marwah, who debuted in ‘Fugly’, was also present. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Actress-turned-jewellery designer Neelam wore a black top with skinny jeans as she made an entrance. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Bhushan Kumar of T-Series poses for the cameras. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Sridevi photographed along with her producer husband Boney Kapoor. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Sonam’s cousin, Shanaya Kapoor who is the daughter of Sanjay Kapoor was also present. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Sanjay Kapoor, wife Maheep and socialite Anu Dewan were joined by a friend for the cameras. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Related

Frequency of communal statements on rise under BJP rule: Sharad PawarE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Maruti Suzuki s sales head resigns  may join Tata MotorsMaruti Suzuki sales head Mayank Pareek resigns, may join Tata Motors
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 17, 2014  | 12:33 IST
Mayank Pareek (L), Maruti Suzuki India executive officer for marketing and sales, speaks with its Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer Shinzo Nakanishi during a news conference in New Delhi (Photo: Reuters)
Maruti Suzuki India 's (MSI) marketing and sales head Mayank Pareek has quit the company after nearly 20 years of service at the company.
While Pareek, who is designated Chief Operating Officer (marketing and sales), could not be reached for comments, according to people familiar with the development, he has put in papers to pursue 'better opportunities'.
The spokesperson for MSI, country's largest carmaker, declined to comment.
His sudden departure comes at a time when Maruti is gearing up to launch its premium sedan Ciaz in October. The company has been struggling to make its presence felt in the bigger car segment.
It is speculated that he may join homegrown auto major Tata Motors , which has been seeking a revival in fortunes in the passenger cars segment.
Besides the company chairman RC Bhargava, Pareek is the other Indian face of the company in which Japan's Suzuki Motor Corporation holds majority stake.
Pareek had successfully continued the rural drive of the company initiated by former Managing Director Jagdish Khattar.
He has been credited for keeping the company's sales counter ticking and increasing market share even when the Indian automobile market went on a slump in the last two years.

Considerable Time : Markets Eying These 2 WordsYou are here: Home Market
Financial Markets Awaiting Any Fed Signal On Rates
Associated Press | Updated On: September 17, 2014 12:24 (IST)
Sensex, Nifty Hit Record; Banks Surge on Kotak-ING Deal
Washington: Financial markets are awaiting the end of a Federal Reserve meeting later today to see whether the Fed sends any clearer signal about the timing of an interest rate increase.
The phrase that investors will be alert for is "considerable time." The presence or absence of those two words is viewed as key to the Fed's timetable for a change in its key short-term rate. The Fed has kept that rate at a record low since December 2008.
Since March, the Fed has said it expects to keep this rate near zero for a "considerable time" after it stops buying Treasurys and mortgage bonds. The bond purchases have been intended to keep long-term rates down to support the economy.
But the purchases are set to end in November. So the Fed may soon want to use some phrasing other than "considerable time" to signify when it might start raising rates. It could sub out that phrase in this week's statement. Or it could wait until its next meeting in October.
Whatever the statement says when the Fed's two-day meeting ends, Chair Janet Yellen will be pressed when she meets with reporters later to clarify the Fed's intentions.
Investors will also parse updated economic forecasts that the Fed will release later today for any further clues to a rate increase.
Most economists think the Fed will raise rates starting around mid-2015. But as the US economy has strengthened, speculation has intensified about whether it might do so sooner, perhaps by March.
With job growth solid, manufacturing and construction growing and unemployment at a near-normal 6.1 per cent, many analysts think the Fed is edging closer to a rate increase to prevent a rising economy from igniting inflation. If so, it might send such a signal by dropping "considerable time" and substituting other language to suggest a likely rate hike by early 2015.
On the other hand, the Fed could drop "considerable time" but substitute vaguer language suggesting it might wait longer to raise rates than many expect. Yellen has cautioned that the drop in unemployment may overstate the job market's improvement. She has said the Fed also takes into account the number of people unemployed for more than six months; the number of part-timers who want full-time work; and average wages. Those measures remain less than healthy.
Some economists think the Fed is not inclined to make major changes in its policy statement at the moment.
"All the trend lines for the economy look pretty good right now," said Mark Zandi, chief economist of Moody's Analytics. "I don't think the Fed wants to upset the apple cart."
Over the past several years, the Fed's ultra-low rates have helped the economy, cheered the stock market and shrunk mortgage rates. A rate increase could threaten to reverse those trends.
In August, US employers added just 142,000 jobs, well below the 212,000 average of the previous 12 months. The slowdown was seen as likely temporary. But some analysts say it underscored that the economic outlook may remain too hazy for the Fed to signal an earlier-than-expected rate hike.
The Fed was reminded last year that markets are highly sensitive to signals about the end of a prolonged period of low rates. In June 2013, when Chairman Ben Bernanke suggested that the Fed might start slowing its bond purchases before year's end, the stock market plunged over two days. And bond rates headed up, slowing the housing recovery and jolting developing countries that had benefited from ultra-low U.S. rates.
"The adverse market reaction last year really did scare the Fed," said Diane Swonk, chief economist at Mesirow Financial. "For that reason, they are treading cautiously now."
 

Buy PFC  REC Today: Sanjeev BhasinSensex, Nifty Hit Record; Banks Surge on Kotak-ING Deal
The Nifty is likely to find support at around 7900 and rebound after seeing almost free-fall in last two sessions. Global market rebound will improve sentiment as Asian markets are strong after Dow Jones saw triple-digit rally ahead of the Federal Reserve meet today.
Negative foreign flows indicate ETF (exchange traded funds) selling ahead of the Federal Reserve meet and is expected to weigh on the rupee. Also the results of the Assembly elections which saw the ruling BJP do poorly weakened sentiment, further accentuating the sell-off.
For today we are suggesting 2 buy calls for next 3 days as trade cum investment for next 1 month:
Buy REC: 269-272, stop loss 260, target 292
Buy PFC: 248-252, stop loss 240, target 272
We also suggest booking profit in our option strategy suggested on the 4th September
Option:
Buy 8000 put at 48-55, stop loss 24, target 100
Book Profit at 80-85
We did close all our previous trades as under:
Buy Union bank: 218-220, stop loss 214, target 236, stop loss (-2.5%)
Buy Bank of Baroda: 947-950, stop loss 932, target 987, stop loss (-2%)
Sell Tata Motors: 510-515, stop loss 525, target 492, target met (+3%)
Sell Tata Power: 89-91, stop loss 94, target 85, target met & exceeded (+6%)
Sell L&T: 1575-1585, stop loss 1610, target 1532, target met & exceeded (+4%)
Sell Reliance Infra: 685-695, stop loss 707, target 662, target met & exceeded (+6%)
Net gains: 13-14%

Hatsun Agro rises on preferential share issue plansHatsun Agro rises on preferential share issue plans
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 17, 2014 12:19 PM IST
Shares of Hatsun Agro Products rose nearly 3% to Rs 300 after the company said its board will meet on September 23, to consider issue of shares on a preferential basis.
The board will consider the proposal for issue and allotment of Securities on preferential basis to select persons/entities on such terms and conditions and on such price not lower than the price to be determined by SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, the company said in a release to the Bombay Stock Exchange.
However,  the above proposal would be subject to the approval of the members, the release said.
The stock opened at Rs 295 and touched a high of Rs 305 as of now. Over 16,000 shares were traded on both the stock exchanges so far.

China central bank in $81bn injectionPBoC to inject $81bn into China’s banking system
By Jamil Anderlini in Beijing and Josh Noble in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/105c47ee-3e11-11e4-b175-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

DMGT suffers further software headachesDMGT suffers further software headaches
By Henry Mance
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8121578c-3e37-11e4-b7fc-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India home to 100 billionaires; 6th in top 10 league | Adani in top 10 rich clubYou are here: Home > Collections
India home to 100 billionaires; sixth in the top 10 league
PTI Sep 17, 2014, 12.36PM IST
Tags:
billionaires
(Mumbai, with 28 billionaires…)
SINGAPORE/NEW DELHI: India has retained its sixth position in terms of number of billionaires with 100 such people collectively having $175 billion in networth, while globally the number of uber-rich has reached a record high of 2,325 persons.
According to the Wealth-X and UBS Billionaire Census 2014 , released on Wednesday, though the number of billionaires in the country has decreased over last year (in 2013 there were 103 billionaires) India still enjoys a decent 6th position (same as last year) in the top 10 league.
Interestingly, India has more number of billionaires than Switzerland, Hong Kong and France among others.
Moreover, the country's financial capital Mumbai , with 28 billionaires is among the top 20 'billionaire cities' globally, which was topped by New York which is home to 103 billionaires.
On the top 40 billionaire countries/territories list, the United States maintained its position as the world's top billionaire country with a population of 571 billionaires in 2014, followed by China (190) and the United Kingdom (130) in the second and third position respectively.
According to the the report, which looks at the global billionaire population from July 2013 to June 2014, India's billionaire population has decreased by 3 per cent to 100 and the total billionaire wealth has fallen by $5 billion to $175 billion.
However, the world's population of billionaires continues to grow.
The global billionaire population reached a record 2,325 with the addition of 155 new billionaires in 2014, registering a rise of 7 per cent from 2013.
"The combined wealth of the world's billionaires increased by 12 per cent to $7.3 trillion, which is higher than the combined market capitalisation of all the companies that make up the Dow Jones Industrial Average," the report said.
Europe, with 775 billionaires, is the region with the most billionaires and billionaire wealth ($2.37 trillion), while, Asia boasted the largest billionaire wealth increase, with the region's billionaires' fortunes growing by 18.7 per cent over the past year.
"The region (Asia) is responsible for 30 per cent of the net increase in global billionaire wealth in 2014. Asia's billionaire population grew by 10 per cent in 2014, with 52 new entrants into the billionaire club out of which 33 are from China," the report said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Dipan Mehta s top 14 stocks which have the potential to be multibaggers over 3-5 yearsAnalyst
("There could be a knee-jerk…)
Stocks such as Mindtree, Bajaj Auto, Havells, SKS Micro Finance , Sintex, Glenmark, Jyothy Lab and Sun Pharma are gems and can grow by 15 per cent compounded over the next 3-5 years, says Dipan Mehta, Member, BSE and NSE, in an exclusive interview with Kshitij Anand of EconomicTimes.com . Excerpts:
Q) Rumours in the market are spreading fast that the US Federal Reserve might raise interest rates sooner than expected. Will it impact India or other emerging markets? If yes , then why?
There could be a knee-jerk reaction as FIIs may press 'sale' on the announcement of such news. But this may not have an impact for more than a week. Because of events on May 2014, our markets have clearly delinked from global markets. Local appetite for equities could soften the fall.
FII flows are driven by interest rates movement in the US and other developed economies. Asset price movements in those economies also impact global flows. To that extent, India is vulnerable and if there is a sell-off in global equities or emerging markets, then we will not be spared.
The decline may be less than other markets, but nonetheless, there will be a negative effect. India cannot escape a 'risk off' trade. Prior to Lok Sabha elections, global macro was extremely important and we were very sensitive to that variable.
However, since the new government formation, international events are having less impact as investors focus on government steps to revive the economy and the RBI moves based on macro data such as inflation , GDP growth rates, IIP etc.
Q) Despite infusion of liquidity by the government, the worst is still not over for China. On the other hand, India has managed to revive growth and manufacturing output. However, CLSA in its recent report said that the Chinese economy will be as big ($21 trillion) as the US economy by 2020. Do you agree?
Not just CLSA, several global research houses have a similar projection. We broadly agree with their analysis.
Q) Everybody wants to 'sell high and buy low'. But does that always work for traders or investors? Is there a way of gauging the right time to buy or sell? If not, what should ivestors keep in mind while using this strategy?
Traders fret more over trying to 'sell high and buy low'. Amateur investors are also bothered about timing the market. But our experience shows that the best professional investors do not time the market.
They are just focused on identifying the perfect investment opportunity. Their objective is to buy a great business at a reasonable price. That is the secret of their phenomenal wealth creation record.
Q) Give us five stock ideas that you are still liking and recommending to your clients?
At correction, with usual disclosures that we and our clients own these stocks, we would look to buy stocks such as Mindtree, Bajaj Auto Finance, Balkrishna Industries, Havells India, SKS Micro Finance, Sintex, Glenmark, Jyothy Lab, Sun Pharma, PTC India, PTC Financial Services , LMW, Bharti Infratel and Voltas.
Q) Any stocks or companies that you have in mind which are not frequently discussed, but have the potential to give exponential returns in the near future as the economy improves and reforms start taking shape. We also call them 'Hidden Gems'.
All the stocks mentioned are gems. Does it matter if they are hidden or discovered? We are confident that these companies can grow by 15 per cent compounded over the next 3-5 years.
Q) What is your advice to investors who want to invest in blue chip stocks which have already rallied quite a bit so far in the year 2014? Should they wait for corrections or look for stocks in the mid and the small cap segments? What makes more sense?
Buy at corrections. At some point of time a 10 per cent correction will take place. That's the cue to enter the market. We would advise buying once a 6-8 per cent correction has taken place. Don't buy at one shot, always spread it over. Also, diversify the holdings.
Q) The Indian markets have rallied close to 27 per cent so far in the year 2014. Do you think there are pockets (stocks or sectors) which have run ahead of their fundamentals and a correction is eminent?
Corrections in the market may be led by infrastructure and construction, realty, PSU banks, oil companies, other PSUs coming up for divestment.
Q) Where do you see the Indian markets (Sensex/Nifty) heading in the next 12 months (December and March 2015)? How do valuations stack up compared to historic levels?
If I were to hazard a guess , 12 months from now, the Nifty could be at around 9000.
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analyst's own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Markets off day highs; Nifty hovers around 7 960Markets off day highs; Nifty hovers around 7,960
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 17, 2014 01:07 PM IST
Markets have come off day highs as weakness in some of the frontliners like HDFC Bank, Cipla, L&T capped gains in IT heavyweights and ITC. At 1240 hrs, the Sensex was up 85 points at 26,577 and the Nifty was up 25 points to trade at 7,958.
The gains visible in the benchmark indices were on account of positive global cues on speculation the U.S. Federal Reserve will stick to its pledge of keeping rates low.
However, yesterday’s sell-off continued in the broader markets.  The mid and smallcap indices were down 0.5% each, as compared to the 0.3% rise seen on the BSE benchmark index.
Sectors & Stocks
On the sectoral front, Consumer Durables and metal indices were down a percent each. Capital goods and Oil & Gas were the other indices in red in noon trades.
Meanwhile, IT index gained over 1% on hopes the Fed will continue to keep interest rates low.  TCS, Infosys and Wipro up 1.5-2% were the top gainers in this space.
The other major gainers were Hro MotoCorp, M&M, ITC, Dr Reddys, Tata Power and Bajaj Auto up 1-3%.
Among the ones in red were Sesa Sterlite, GAIL, Cipla, Coal India, Hindalco and Sun Pharma down 1-2%.
Among other stocks, Hatsun Agro Products rose 3% to Rs 300 after the company said its board will meet on September 23, to consider issue of shares on a preferential basis.
Zee Entertainment Enterprises Ltd (ZEEL) gained over 2% at Rs 290 after Kotak Institutional Equities upgraded the stock to "add" from "reduce" earlier.
Ramky Infrastructure zoomed over 11% to Rs 60 after a media report suggested that the Ajay Piramal group has emerged as the front runner to purchase its three highway projects.
The market breadth was weak as broader markets struggled in red. 1,682 stocks declined while 1,092 stocks advanced.
Global Markets
Asian shares made guarded gains on Wednesday after Wall Street rebounded on speculation the Federal Reserve would maintain a pledge on low rates when a two-day policy meeting ends later in the session.
Shares in Hong Kong bounced 1%, while the CSI300 index of the leading Shanghai and Shenzhen A-share listings eked out a 0.2% rise.
South Korea gained 0.7% but Tokyo's Nikkei ended marginally in the red. MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan rallied 0.6% after a run of losses.

JD Sports hails health of the high streetJD Sports hails health of high street with record results
By Andy Sharman and John Aglionby
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4519a20c-3e33-11e4-b7fc-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

LG launches G3 Beat smartphone at Rs25 000The G3 Beat comes with a 5-inch IPS display and runs on a 1.2 GHz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 processor with 1 GB RAM, 8 GB ROM and Android 4.4.2 KitKat OS.
Tech Desk | New Delhi | Posted: September 17, 2014 2:14 pm | Updated: September 18, 2014 11:51 pm
LG has launched a compact version of its flagship G3 smartphone called G3 Beat at a price of Rs. 25,000. The LG G3 Beat features a floating arc metallic design and fast laser auto focus technology as featured in the G3.
The G3 Beat comes with a 5-inch IPS display and is powered by a 2540 mAh battery. Running on a 1.2 GHz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 processor with 1 GB RAM and 8 GB internal memory, the G3 runs on Android 4.4.2 KitKat OS.
It mounts an 8 MP OIS+ laser auto focus camera at the back along with a 1.3 MP front camera. The G3 Beat also includes LG’s patented unlocking mechanism, the Knock Code, a customized locking pattern of three to eight taps, which allows for 86,000 possible combinations to wake and unlock the smartphone.
The Smart Keyboard feature of G3 Beat, is an adaptive technology that is customized to fit user needs, providing natural navigation and reliable word recognition. The technology learns user typing patterns, for an accurate and faster typing experience. It also provides for personalization through keyboard height adjustment and settings for customization of frequently used keys with specific symbols.
The LG G3 Beat will be available in India in three colour variants – metallic black, shine gold and silk black and a snap-on case with multiple color options.
On the connectivity front, it comes with Wi-Fi b/g/n, Bluetooth 4.0,  A-GPS/ Glonass, NFC, USB 2.0.
Key specs:
5.0-inch HD IPS (1280 x 720, 294ppi)
1.2 GHz Quad-Core Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 processor
Android 4.4.2 KitKat OS
8 GN internal memory, Micro SD slot
8MP with Laser Auto Focus rear camera; Front 1.3MP camera
2,540mAh (removable) battery
Size: 137.7 x 69.6 x 10.3mm
Weight: 134 g
Network: 4G LTE / HSPA+ 21Mbps (3G)
Connectivity: Wi-Fi b/g/n, Bluetooth 4.0,  A-GPS/ Glonass, NFC, USB 2.0

Misbah-ul-Haq determined to win back WorldCupThe ICC Cricket World Cup 2015 trophy made its first public appearance in Pakistan (Source: ICC)
Associated Press | Islamabad | Posted: September 17, 2014 2:08 pm
Limited-overs captain Misbah-ul-Haq says he is determined that Pakistan will “once again rule the world” by winning the 2016 World Cup.
Pakistan last won the biggest prize in the one-day game 24 years ago, also in Australia.
Pakistan have never beaten India in any major ICC event and will be up against its arch rival in the opening match at Adelaide on Feb. 15 before taking on the West Indies, Zimbabwe, United Arab Emirates, South Africa and Ireland in its remaining Pool B matches.
The World Cup trophy arrived in Lahore late Tuesday on its 10th stopover across the globe and will next travel to South Africa before arriving in host countries Australia and New Zealand in November.

Really wanted Modi to attend UN climate change summit: BanKi-moonBan said even though the leaders from India, China and Russia will not be able to participate in the meeting, there are other means of communications. ( Source: Express Archive )
PTI | United Nations | Posted: September 17, 2014 2:08 pm
UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon said he “really wanted” Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi to participate in his crucial day-long climate change summit next week, which will be attended by about 120 heads of states and government to mobilise political will for a universal and meaningful climate agreement next year.
Ban said Modi will be addressing the General Debate of the UN General Assembly on September 27 but will not be participating in the climate change summit on September 23. “Even though he (Modi) will not be able to participate in climate summit meeting, per se, I really wanted to have him participate in climate change summit meeting,” Ban told reporters on Tuesday during his briefing ahead of the start of the 69th General Assembly session.
Ban was asked to comment on the leaders of India, Russia and China not attending his summit on climate change, which said is a “defining issue of our times.” Chinese President Xi Jinping and Modi will not be attending the Secretary General’s climate change summit. Ban said even though the leaders from India, China and Russia will not be able to participate in the meeting, there are “other means of communications, ways and means of having their leadership demonstrated in the United Nations.”
India’s Environment Minister Prakash Javadekar is expected to represent the country at the summit, which will focus on mobilising political will for a universal and meaningful climate agreement next year in Paris and second to generate ambitious steps to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and strengthen resilience.
The day-long climate change summit will be one the “largest and biggest” gathering of world leaders with about 120 heads of states, including US President Barack Obama to participate in the event.
Ban said it is “extremely difficult to have at one day, at one time and at one place 120 heads of states and government” and the strong participation shows the “very strong commitment” on part of leaders on climate change and other global crises.
Earlier this month, Ban’s spokesperson had said that while the Chinese President and Modi will not be attending the Secretary General’s climate change summit, “the important issue for us is really on the commitments that countries will bring. And the Secretary-General expects every Member State to come with strong and bold commitments on climate change.”
Modi is expected to reach New York on September 26 and will address the UN General Assembly the next day, giving his first global speech to an audience of nearly 200 world leaders and foreign ministers at the annual gathering of the world body’s policymaking organ.
According to the report of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, headed by Indian Nobel laureate Rajendra Pachauri, the world is presently on a path that would well exceed the two degree Celsius (3.6°F) rise in temperature continued…

Leonardo DiCaprio appointed as UN Messenger of PeaceLeonardo DiCaprio appointed as UN Messenger of Peace
PTI
Reuters A file image of Leonardo DiCaprio
United Nations, Sept 17:  
Academy Award-nominated actor and environmental activist Leonardo DiCaprio has been designated the United Nations Messenger of Peace by UN chief Ban Ki-moon, with a special focus on climate change.
“DiCaprio is a credible voice in the environmental movement, and has a considerable platform to amplify its message. I am pleased he has chosen to add his voice to UN efforts to raise awareness of the urgency and benefits of acting now to combat climate change,” Ban said yesterday.
The UN chief said that DiCaprio’s “first act” in his new role as Messenger of Peace will be to address the opening of the Climate Change Summit on September 23 in New York that has been convened by the Secretary General.
The day-long Summit will see participation from about 120 heads of state and governments as well as leaders from government, business, finance and civil society to promote climate action for a healthy planet, sustainable economic growth and better standards of living for all.
Ban praised DiCaprio’s longstanding commitment to fighting for environmental causes, particularly the substantial funds raised and generous grants provided to environmental protection and conservation projects through his foundation.
DiCaprio, 39, said he is honoured to accept his new role of UN Messenger of Peace on Climate Change and to support the Secretary General “in his efforts to address one of the most important issues we face as a global community.
“I feel a moral obligation to speak out at this key moment in human history – it is a moment for action. How we respond to the climate crisis in the coming years will likely determine the fate of humanity and our planet,” he said.
In 1998, DiCaprio established the ‘Leonardo DiCaprio Foundation’ with the mission of protecting the Earth’s last wild places and implementing solutions to build a more harmonious relationship between humanity and the natural world.
DiCaprio will join 11 other United Nations Messengers of Peace and one Goodwill Ambassador who advocate on behalf of the United Nations on a variety of priority issues for the Organisation.
Messengers of Peace are individuals who possess widely recognised talents in the fields of art, film, literature, music and sports, helping to raise worldwide awareness of the Organisation’s ideals and activities.
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

NSE stake sale: IFCI gets 3 bidsNSE stake sale: IFCI gets 3 bids
KR Srivats
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 17:  
IFCI has said that it has received as many as three bids for its stake sale in the National Stock Exchange, the country's largest bourse by profits.
IFCI plans to disinvest 2.5 per cent of its equity shareholding in the NSE through a competitive bidding process.
"We are at an advanced stage in the process of stake sale in NSE," Malay Mukherjee, Managing Director & CEO, IFCI, told BusinessLine after meeting Finance Minister Arun Jaitley at North Block in the Capital on Wednesday. IFCI had appointed PricewaterhouseCoopers to manage the stake sale process.
IFCI had initially held 12.44 per cent stake in NSE. Of this, about 7 per cent stake was sold in 2007 to Goldman Sachs Group Inc, NYSE Group Inc, General Atlantic LLC and Softbank Asian Infrastructure Fund.
IFCI now directly holds about 5.5 per cent stake in NSE. Stock Holding Corporation, now a subsidiary of IFCI, directly holds another 5 per cent.
During the meeting, Mukherjee handed out a dividend cheque of Rs 92.3 crore to the Finance Minister. This amount represented the Centre's share of IFCI dividend for 2013-14.
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

Yamaha launches Fazer FI at Rs 83 850Home News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Yamaha launches Fazer FI at Rs 83,850
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 17:  
Two-wheeler maker Yamaha Motor India Sales today launched 149-cc motorcycle Fazer FI, priced at Rs 83,850 (ex-showroom Delhi).
The new model comes with a newly designed air-cooled 149-cc, single-cylinder fuel-injected engine which provides enhanced fuel efficiency and acceleration.
As part of consolidating its product portfolio, the company had recently launched new variants under the FZ series — FZ Version 2.0 and FZ-S Version 2.0.
“With the addition of new Fazer FI targeted at young men between the ages of 18-30, the company hopes to see a steep growth in the customer base in the deluxe segment, especially keeping in mind the mileage conscious target audience,” Yamaha Motor India Sales said in a statement.
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

Exim Bank extends $100 mn line of credit to VietnamExim Bank extends $100 mn line of credit to Vietnam
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 17:  
The Export-Import Bank of India [Exim Bank] on Wednesday said at the behest of Government of India it has extended an additional Line of Credit (LoC) of $100 million to the Government of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam for financing the purchase of equipment/supplies in Vietnam.
With the signing of the LoC Agreement, Exim Bank, till date has extended four Lines of Credit to Vietnam, taking the total value of LoCs extended to Vietnam to $191.50 million.
Lines of Credit
The LoCs have supported export of items like equipment for hydro power project, cold rolling steel, carding and spinning machines, hydraulic power equipment, and tea processing machinery and the Nam Chien Hydropower Project in Vietnam.
Under the LoC, Exim Bank will reimburse 100 per cent of contract value to the Indian exporters, upfront upon shipment of goods. The LoC will be used for sourcing of goods and services from India.
Exim Bank has now in place 195 Lines of Credit, covering over 75 countries in Africa, Asia, Latin America, Europe and the CIS, with credit commitments of over $10.71 billion, available for financing exports from India.
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

Dabur launches new mosquito repellent productsHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Dabur launches new mosquito repellent products
Meenakshi Verma Ambwani
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 17:  
Odomos, a part of Dabur India, has launched its wearable mosquito repellent products which include wristband and patches.
The brand has also entered into an agreement with Pogo under which Odomos will use the image of Pogo’s character Chhota Bheem on these products.
The company said that this new range of products masks the body odour, making the wearer invisible to mosquitoes
In a statement, Ajay Motwani, Head of Marketing-Home Care, Dabur India, said, “Conventional mosquito repellants like liquid vaporizers, mats and coils only offer protection when one is in the closed confines of a room, whereas Odomos personal application range offers protection not only inside the house but also when one is outdoors.''
The company has priced the mosquito repellent wristband at Rs 199 which can last up to 15 days, while the Odomos Patches protect against mosquitoes for 12 hours and are available in packs of 10 and 24 and priced at Rs 120 and Rs 265, respectively. Prior to the offline launch, the company first launched these products on Amazon.
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

Nifty holds 7 950 mark; Hero Motocorp up 3%Nifty holds 7,950 mark; Hero Motocorp up 3%
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 17, 2014 02:08 PM IST
Markets have trimmed gains in the late noon trades as losses in metal shares and financials limit gains on the 30-share Sensex.
 
At 2 PM, the 30-share Sensex is up 60 points at 26,553 and the 50-share Nifty is up 20 points at 7,953.
 
Among broader markets, BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices are underperforming the large counter parts and are down 0.5% each.
 
The market breadth is unhealthy on the BSE with 1,181 shares advancing and 1,706 shares declining.
 
Meanwhile, provisional data released by the stock exchanges after trading hours on Tuesday, showed that foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) sold shares worth a net Rs 828.95 crore on that day.
 
Rupee:
 
The rupee is trading at 61.01/02 vs Tuesday's close of 61.0550/0650. Trading is largely range-bound ahead of Fed meeting.
 
Global Markets:
 
Asian shares are tentatively higher on Wednesday after Wall Street rebounded on speculation the Federal Reserve would maintain a pledge on low rates when a two-day policy meeting ends later in the session.
 
The Dow hit a fresh record while the U.S. dollar took a knock after the Wall Street Journal's Fed watcher Jon Hilsenrath said the central bank would keep the words “considerable time” in its policy statement, though it might qualify them.
 
The CSI300 of the leading Shanghai and Shenzhen A-share listings rose 0.5%, regaining a little of Tuesday's sharp decline. Tokyo's Nikkei put on 0.1%, South Korea gained 0.7% while Straits Times index and Hang Seng gained 0.7% and 1% each.
 
Sectors & Stocks:
 
On the sectoral front, BSE It index is the top gainer up over 1% followed by Teck, FMCG, Power and Auto indices. However, BSE Consumer Durables and Metal indices have lost over 1%. BSE Healthcare and Realty indices are trading with marginal losses.
 
Shares of IT majors have gained between 1-2% on the BSE on hopes that Fed will stick to its pledge of keeping rates low. Sentiments of the market participants further boosted after China injected $81 billion into major banks.
 
Shares of Wipro have extended its yesterday’s rally and have surged 1.5% in today's trade after Wipro Arabia, a subsidiary of India's third largest IT firm Wipro, secured a contract from Saudi-based Saudi Electricity Company (SEC) for implementing and rolling out plant maintenance and project system functionality of SAP ERP application.
 
Infosys has climbed nearly 2% to Rs 3,714 after the company enabled Muji, a leading retailer in Japan to deliver a superior shopping experience through real-time insights into buying behavior of its customers.
 
Shares of Hero Motocorp have gained 3% after the company announced it would set up an ultra-modern manufacturing facility with a capacity to produce 1.8 million units annually in Andhra Pradesh. M&M and Bajaj Auto have climbed 1% and 0.7% each.
 
Tata Power has rebound in today’s trade and is up 1.5% on value buying after showing a sharp declination in the recent past after a massive power failure in Mumbai on September 2 due to technical snags at Tata Power’s 500-Mw Trombay plant occurred. NTPC is trading with marginal gains.
 
Dr Reddy’s Lab, ITC, ICICI Bank and BHEL are some of the notable names in green up between 0.5-1.5%.
 
On the flip side, metal shares are witnessing heavy selling in the late noon trades. Sesa Sterlite, Hindalco, and Coal India have lost between 1-2.5% shrugging off the news that China's economic stimulus has raised hopes of a boost in demand in the world's biggest consumer of metals.
 
In the healthcare space, Cipla and Sun Pharma which surged in the recent past have lost between 0.5-1.5% on profit taking.
 
GAIL, SBI and HDFC twins are some of the prominent names in red and are down between 0.5-1.5%.
 
Among other shares, Hatsun Agro Products has gained nearly 3% to Rs 300 after the company said its board will meet on September 23, to consider issue of shares on a preferential basis. 
 
Shares of Zee Entertainment Enterprises Ltd (ZEEL) are up nearly 2% at Rs 290 after Kotak Institutional Equities upgraded the stock to "add" from "reduce" earlier.
 
Ramky Infrastructure has zoomed over 12% to Rs 61 after a media report suggested that the Ajay Piramal group has emerged as the front runner to purchase its three highway projects.
 

Nimbuzz bets big on Native Mobile AdvertisingNimbuzz bets big on Native Mobile Advertising
BS Reporter |  Sep 17, 2014 01:50 PM IST
Nimbuzz, one of the largest digital advertising platforms, was recognised at The Smarties 2014, as the 'Enabling Technology Company of the Year on Mobile'
The Smarties, organized by the Mobile Marketing Association (MMA), is one of the prominent industry awards, presented each year to celebrate advertising excellence within the mobile ecosystem.
According to the latest findings of the Digital Advertising in India Report, the online advertising market in India is projected to reach Rs 3,575 crore by March 2015, a growth of 30% over last year.
Vikas Saxena, CEO, Nimbuzz on the occasion said, "The award re-iterates our dominance in the Mobile Advertising space. Our engagement led marketing solutions have helped brands build the audience connect."
 
The MMA is the premier global non-profit trade association representing all players in the mobile marketing value chain with more than 700 member companies.
 
Nimbuzz’s  application enables users to enjoy free calls, instant messaging, file sharing, and social networking on their mobile device. In addition Nimbuzz offers discounted calling rates to most countries in the world.
Nimbuzz is available across all major platforms such as, Android, iOS, Symbian, Windows Phone, and J2ME, as well as Windows and Mac computers.

Apollo Hospitals acquires Hetero Pharmacy assets for Rs 146 crApollo Hospitals acquires Hetero Pharmacy assets for Rs 146 cr
BS Reporter | Chennai Sep 17, 2014 01:31 PM IST
Apollo Hospitals Enterprise Ltd (AHEL) has announced acquisition of Hyderbad-based pharmacy chain Hetero Med Solutions Ltd (HMSL) for a consideration of Rs 146 crore.
Apollo Hospitals sources has said the acquisition involves assets of HMSL and not the company. At present HMSL has around 320 stores across Telengana, Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu.
Post the completion of acquisition these stores is expected to be renamed as Apollo Pharmacy.
The acquisition will be funded through internal accruals and debt, said company sources.
According to Apollo's statement "the acquisition would be in the form of purchase of the business undertaking, on a slump sale basis, subject to completion of due diligence and other statutory formalities".
The sales is part of the Hetero Group promoters' decision to exit pharmacy retail business and focus on their core pharmacy and bulk drugs business, it added.
Currently, Apollo Pharmacy is the largest organised pharmacy chain in the country and the acquisition would help it to cement the position along with consolidating its operations in the three States. At present there are about 1680 Apollo pharmacies across the country.
Shobana Kamineni, executive vice chairperson of AHEL in a statement said, "In order to drive the standalone pharmacy business segment's growth to the next stage, Apollo was on the look out for acquisitions to grow inorganically and considers the Hetero Pharmacy chain as the right choice given its significant presence in the relevant territories."
HMSL clocked Rs 160 crore revenue and negative Ebitda (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization) of Rs 3.90 crore in 2013-2014. Its stores have recorded a break even at the store level in 2013-2014 while the Ebitda loss is mainly on account of the backend expenses.
On an average HMSL per pharmacy clocks about Rs 15,000 a day. Considering Apollo Pharmacy would not be able to open more than 100-120 stores a year in the region, where it already has its strong presence, it would have taken AHEL three years to open 300-320 stores in organic model. Besides, it would take another one year to achieve the sales per store Hetero Pharmacy currently have.
The acquisition helped AHEL to gain four years' efforts in one go, said a source close to the development.
Besides, Hetero Pharmacy does not have private label business. The acquisition will open these stores to the private label business of AHEL, which contributes around six% of the sales of Apollo Pharmacy, into 320 more stores immediately. This is expected to bring in an additional Rs 50 crore business in private label, they said.
The company is expected to complete the acquisition process in two quarters, subject to the due diligence and other statutory formalities and to break even by the end of this year or early next year.
The acquisition would not have much of impact on the existing pharmacy business, as the negative Ebitda in Hetero Pharmacy is marginal and the company expects not to spend more into the acquired assets.
Apollo Pharmacy plans to leverage its existing backend infrastructure to drive economies of scale, thereby accelerating profitability for these stores, said the company.
Hetero was one of the top organised pharmacy retail chains in terms of number of stores.
The second largest organised pharmacy chain after Apollo Hospitals, with a higher number of stores is the Hyderabad-based Medplus, which has over 1,050 pharmacies across the country, claims Medplus.
The rest of the players, at least in this part of the country has around 50 or 100 stores, a volume which might not be attractive for Apollo Pharmacy to acquire them, said an industry expert.
It may be noted that Apollo Pharmacy has recently completed rationalisation of its stores, by closing down outlets which were not profitable and adding new stores. It also has launched large format pharmacy chains, with over 1,000 sq ft, where it has space for more wellness products.

Prime Minister Narendra Modi pitches for schemes to make poorself-reliantOn his 64th birthday on Wednesday, Modi inaugurated 11 new welfare schemes of Gujarat government for uplift of youth, women, people under BPL category along with schemes of medical services for poor. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | Gandhinagar | Posted: September 17, 2014 2:45 pm | Updated: September 17, 2014 2:49 pm
Ruing that the schemes designed by the previous governments for uplift of poor will only make them more dependent, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday stressed on the need to frame policies which will ensure dignity with self-sufficiency to the needy.
“A person breaks down completely when he becomes dependent on others. In such a situation, he would think of dying instead of living such life. There is no better thing than bringing such persons out from that miserable situation,” Modi said during a function at Mahatma Mandir here.
The Prime Minister lamented over the prevailing schemes and programmes running in the country and said these would only make the poor under-confident and dependent on the government.
“Due to our bad luck, the schemes and programmes that run in our country are such that they make poor people dependent on government instead of making them self-dependent and self-confident. If government programmes stop, the poor will die of hunger,” Modi said.
“Can’t we change this situation. God has given us hands, intelligence, education and in the same way he has given all those things to dalit, tribal and poor. What he has not got is opportunity. If he gets opportunity, he would also not like to live a life of dependent,” Modi said.
“We have to give them chance to be self-reliant. They also want to live life with self-respect. They will get self-respect if they are given an opportunity to stand on their own feet. Self respect of this country depends on self-respect of each of the 125 crore people of India,” he said.
On his 64th birthday on Wednesday, Modi inaugurated 11 new welfare schemes of Gujarat government for uplift of youth, women, people under BPL category along with schemes of medical services for poor. The schemes were promised in this year’s budget of the state government.
Modi also remembered Mahatma Gandhi and his philosophy of self-reliance.
“This is Mahatma Gandhi’s land, where we are taught self-reliance, self-respect and self-dependency. These morals should be supported by governing system,” Modi expressed.
He said women are behind the success of Gujarat’s dairy industry and when he was the chief minister, he ensured their financial independence.
“Gujarat is having a leading place in dairy sector. Officials such as chairman of Amul or Dudh Sagar dairy are usually felicitated for outstanding work. But, it is the hard work of women which made it possible. These women are the real entrepreneurs, who own 10, 20 to 25 cows,” Modi said.
The Prime Minister recalled his days as Gujarat CM and stressed the need to motivate women involved in providing milk to dairies through co-operative societies.
“We need to motivate such women. When I was the Chief Minister, I asked these dairies to deposit continued…

Mercedes duo set for streetfightMercedes, who have won all but three of the 13 races this season, are expected to dominate once again (Source: AP)
Reuters | Singapore | Posted: September 17, 2014 2:36 pm
Mercedes team mates Nico Rosberg and Lewis Hamilton renew their sometimes hostile rivalry on the floodlit streets of Singapore this weekend at a circuit where mistakes or collisions normally result in race retirement.
With six races remaining in the 19-round season, Germany’s Rosberg leads Hamilton by 22 points but the momentum and crowd sentiment are on the Briton’s side after he won in Monza a fortnight ago following his ruined grand prix in Belgium.
Hamilton failed to finish in Spa last month after an unnecessary collision with Rosberg but gained a modicum of revenge in Italy when the German relinquished first place to his team mate after cracking under pressure midway through the race.
Rosberg finished second in both races and was booed on the podium on each occasion for benefiting from his over-aggressive approach in Belgium but Mercedes will be hoping the pair can rein in their fighting instincts to avoid further mishaps.
Since Monza, however, Formula One have banned radio race assistance , including coded messages, so it will be interesting to see how the team can control their drivers on an unforgiving 23-turn layout in the heat and humidity of Singapore.
Mercedes, who have won all but three of the 13 races this season, are expected to dominate once again with Hamilton installed as a marginal favourite due to his better record on the Marina Bay Street Circuit, where he won in 2009.
“Despite the highs and lows, I’m still well and truly in the hunt for the championship and that is something that gives me huge motivation for the final six races – starting in Singapore,” Hamilton said in a team release.
“It’s a great place to begin the final flyaway phase of the season. The city is buzzing and the track is mega. It’s a street circuit and I love street circuits.”
The Briton was unfortunate not to win the inaugural race in 2008 and a mechanical failure when clear at the front denied him victory two years ago, while Rosberg can take heart from one of his earliest successes in Formula One at the venue.
“I got my second ever podium here with P2 in 2008 and I generally enjoy street circuits, so I’m looking to go one better this time around,” the German said.
SECOND FIDDLE
World champion Sebastian Vettel has endured a miserable winless campaign but arrives in Singapore seeking a fourth straight victory in the race in an improving Red Bull that is expected to present the sternest opposition to Mercedes.
The German, however, has been forced to play second fiddle to team mate continued…
Despite the highs and lows, I'm still well and truly in the hunt for the championship

Markets @ 2: Top 20 trading ideas | 7 stocks that returned upto 381%You are here: Home > Collections > Ril
Sensex on strong footing, Nifty above 7950; top 20 intraday bets
ET Now Sep 17, 2014, 03.03PM IST
Tags:
Ashwani Gujral
(Tracking the momentum,…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex rose as much as 190 points in trade on Wednesday, led by gains in Infosys, TCS, HDFC, M&M and RIL .
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also managed to reclaim its crucial psychological level of 7,950, supported by gains in realty, IT, metal and FMCG stocks.
At 3:00 p.m.; the 30-share index was at 26,619.66, up 127.15 points. It touched a high of 26,682.64 and a low of 26,511.71 in early trade.
The Nifty was at 7,972.55, up 39.65 points. It touched a high of 7,990.65 and a low of 7,936.95 in early trade.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
TCS Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2630 and a stop loss of Rs 2550
Infosys Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 3750 and a stop loss of Rs 3660
Cipla Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 590 and a stop loss of Rs 616
JSPL Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 204 and a stop loss of Rs 221
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
Dr Reddy's Laboratories Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 3150 and a stop loss of Rs 3014
Infosys Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 3770 and a stop loss of Rs 3670
JSW Energy Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 70 and a stop loss of Rs 78.50
PFC Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 235 and a stop loss of Rs 254
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO , Power My Wealth
L&T Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 1485 and a stop loss of Rs 1530
PFC Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 235 and a stop loss of Rs 250
TCS Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2630 and a stop loss of Rs 2575
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
Infosys Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 3750 and a stop loss of Rs 3669
M&M Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1405 and a stop loss of Rs 1380
Dr Reddy's Laboratories Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 3100 and a stop loss of Rs 3030
Shrikant Chouhan, Senior VP- Technical Research, Kotak Securities
Exide Industries Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 185 and a stop loss of Rs 167
Kolte Patil Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 210 and a stop loss of Rs 182
Tata Motors DVR is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 385 and a stop loss of Rs 350
Rakesh Bansal, VP- R K Global
ZEE Entertainment Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 302 and a stop loss of Rs 280
ITC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 368 and a stop loss of Rs 348
IFCI Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 30 and a stop loss of Rs 35
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Fed  China Stimulus Hopes Boost World StocksYou are here: Home Market
Fed, China Stimulus Hopes Boost World Stocks
Reuters | Updated On: September 17, 2014 14:40 (IST)
Sensex, Nifty Hit Record; Banks Surge on Kotak-ING Deal
London: Global stocks and commodity prices rose on Wednesday, boosted by speculation the US Federal Reserve will maintain a pledge on low rates later in the day and by a report China's central bank will provide the country's biggest banks with fresh loans.
This anticipated stimulus from the world's two largest economies eclipsed the growing nervousness and uncertainty surrounding Thursday's Scottish independence referendum, which most polls suggest is still too close to confidently predict.
Asian and European equities tracked the overnight gains on Wall Street, which saw the Dow hit a fresh record high after the Wall Street Journal's Fed watcher Jon Hilsenrath said the central bank would keep the words "considerable time" in its policy statement, though it might qualify them.
The phrase has become a touchstone in markets for when the Fed might start raising interest rates and dropping it would be taken as a hawkish step.
Dealers said commodities were also boosted by reports that the People's Bank of China would provide 500 billion yuan in short-term funding to the country's top five banks. Copper chalked up its biggest gain in almost a month.
"There is no overwhelming need to come across all hawkishyet and whilst a return to some kind of normality is expected at some stage the Fed is unlikely to take any chances which could negatively impact economic growth in the short term," said Gary Jenkins, chief credit strategist at LNG Capital.
"For this particular recovery, I think that the Fed would rather act a little bit too late than a little bit too early," he said.
In early trading the FTSEuroFirst 300 index of leading European shares was up 0.5 per cent at 1386 points, while Germany's DAX and France's CAC 40 were also up a similar amount.
Britain's FTSE 100 was higher, but lagging its peers, trading around a quarter of one percent higher.
Earlier in Asia, MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan rose two thirds of one percent, but Japan's Nikkei slipped 0.1 per cent.
Wall Street had ended Tuesday strongly in the wake of the Fed talk, with the Dow gaining 0.59 per cent, the S&P 500 0.75 per cent and the Nasdaq 0.75 per cent.
The feelgood factor also spread through emerging markets. Russian stocks slid, however, dragged down by a near 30 per cent crash in shares in the holding company of conglomerate Sistema after its chairman was placed under house arrest accused of money-laundering.
In currencies, implied volatility in overnight sterling options jumped, as investors rushed to hedge against sharp price swings around Thursday's Scottish independence vote.
Overnight sterling/dollar implied volatility doubled to 18.60 per cent, according to Reuters data. The overnight options will expire on Sept. 18, the day Scotland votes on independence.
Opinion polls broadly show that the vote is too close to call. Three surveys late on Tuesday - from pollsters ICM, Opinium and Survation - showed support for independence at 48 percent compared to 52 per cent backing union.
The pound steadied on the narrow margin in favour of "No", ticking up 0.2 per cent to $1.6306, and the euro was down by a similar amount at 79.44 pence.
The dollar index and the euro were unchanged on the day at 84.06 and $1.2960, respectively.
In commodities, copper futures rose 0.5 per cent aided by the report on Chinese banks, although oil slipped a touch as speculation grew of a supply cut from OPEC. Brent crude was off 30 cents at $98.76 per barrel.
Bond investors were reluctant to move too far ahead of the Fed, and yields on two-year Treasury debt and the benchmark 10-year Treasury note were both unchanged at 0.5362 per cent and 2.58 per cent, respectively.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

MFs Exposure to Software  Banks Stocks Hit All-Time HighNew Delhi: The mutual fund industry is betting big on software companies as its equity exposure to the sector climbed to an all-time high of Rs 29,688 crore at the end of August.
This also marks the third consecutive rise in mutual fund (MF) industry's exposure to software stocks.
Besides, mutual fund managers raised their exposure in bank stocks to an all-time high of over Rs 56,600 crore in August this year, which is the highest among all the sectors.
Mutual fund is an investment vehicle that is made up of a pool of funds collected from many investors for the purpose of investing in securities such as stocks, bonds, money market instruments and similar assets.
The funds' investment in software stocks stood at Rs 29,688 crore as on August 31, 2014, accounting for 10.53 per cent of their total equity assets under management (AUM) of Rs 2.81 lakh crore, according to data with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi).
In comparison, mutual funds had deployed Rs 27,596 crore in the shares of software companies in July. At current levels, the mutual fund industry has the highest exposure to software sector since August 2009. Data was not available for sector-wise exposure before August 2009, when the equity funds had deployed Rs 11,913 crore (6.71 per cent) in software shares.
The previous high was in February this year when investment in the sector rose to Rs 28,784 crore. According to market participants, mutual funds have been showing interest in software stocks since the beginning of the year amid rising equity market.
They believe that the ongoing market rally might see mutual fund assets getting diversified.
Meanwhile, the IT index surged by 3.52 per cent, while the benchmark Sensex witnessing a gain of 2.86 per cent in August.
This year has seen a consistent growth in investment in software stocks by equity fund managers and fund infusion has grown from Rs 27,772 crore in January to Rs 29,688 crore in August.
Among others, MFs have an exposure of Rs 19,394 crore in pharma space, followed by auto (Rs 17,754 crore) and finance (Rs 15,116 crore).
 

Modi is India s ray of hope: Tamil Nadu governorModi is India s ray of hope: Tamil Nadu governor
Indian team focussing on "speedy passing" ahead of AsiadIndian team focussing on "speedy passing" ahead of Asiad
SEBI preparing guidelines for wilful defaulters  information memorandum for cosSEBI preparing guidelines for wilful defaulters  information memorandum for cos
Sony forecasts $2 billion loss  cites weak mobileSony forecasts $2 billion loss  cites weak mobile
India beefs up security ahead of Chinese President s visitIndia beefs up security ahead of Chinese President s visit
Vijay bank eps 7.35 not 5.18 trading 6.39 multiple and book value of 6...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Dear   we spk. for long term . long term means 2 to 3 yrs. atleast. da...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

MF investment in IT stocks hits all-time high in AugustMF investment in IT stocks hits all-time high in August
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 17:  
The mutual fund industry is betting big on software companies as its equity exposure to the sector climbed to an all-time high of Rs 29,688 crore at the end of August.
This also marks the third consecutive rise in mutual fund (MF) industry’s exposure to software stocks.
Mutual fund is an investment vehicle that is made up of a pool of funds collected from many investors for the purpose of investing in securities such as stocks, bonds, money market instruments and similar assets.
The funds’ investment in software stocks stood at Rs 29,688 crore as on August 31, 2014, accounting for 10.53 per cent of their total equity assets under management (AUM) of Rs 2.81 lakh crore, according to data available with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI).
In comparison, MFs had deployed Rs 27,596 crore in the shares of software companies in July.
At current levels, the MF industry has the highest exposure to software sector since August 2009. Data is not available for sector-wise exposure before August 2009, when the equity funds had deployed Rs 11,913 crore (6.71 per cent) in software shares.
The previous high was in February this year when investment in the sector rose to Rs 28,784 crore.
According to market participants, MFs have been showing interest in software stocks since the beginning of the year amid rising equity market.
They believe that the ongoing market rally might see mutual fund assets getting diversified.
Meanwhile, the IT index surged by 3.52 per cent, while the benchmark Sensex witnessed a gain of 2.86 per cent in August.
This year has seen a consistent growth in investment in software stocks by equity fund managers and fund infusion has grown from Rs 27,772 crore in January to Rs 29,688 crore in August.
Besides, mutual fund managers raised their exposure in bank stocks to an all-time high of over Rs 56,600 crore in August this year, which is the highest among all the sectors.
Among others, MFs have an exposure of Rs 19,394 crore in pharma space, followed by auto (Rs 17,754 crore) and finance (Rs 15,116 crore).
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

Modi picks former McKinsey India chief to head quality councilModi picks former McKinsey India chief to head quality council
IANS | New Delhi Sep 17, 2014 01:55 PM IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has picked former McKinsey India chief Adil Zainulbhai to head the Quality Council of India that promotes high standards in areas like education, healthcare, environment, infrastructure, governance and social sectors.
The appointment is in keeping with Modi's call to make "Made in India" a recognised and trusted brand globally, with products and services adhering to high standards of "zero defect with zero effect" and causing no damage to the environment, officials said.
"I am pleased to inform you that hon'ble prime minister has approved your appointment as chairman of the quality Council of India for a period of three years from the date of your assumption of charge," said a letter to Zainulbhai from the commerce ministry.
The council was was set up by the Government of India with representations from three premier industry bodies -- the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry and the Confederation of Indian Industry.
An autonomous council with 38 members, its mandate is to rank among the world's leading apex quality facilitation, accreditation and surveillance organisations to continuously improve the climate, systems, processes and skills for total quality.
The mission includes helping India achieve and sustain total quality and reliability, in all areas of life, work, environment, products and services across all levels -- individual, organisational, community and societal.
"It is a privilege to give back via an institution with a strong focus on quality," Zainulbhai said. "I hope to bring in and promote a quality consciousness throughout the country. It's going to be an enriching and exciting journey."
Zainulbhai has helped catalyse Indian companies to become successful globally, helping public sector undertakings become more efficient and effective, and working with large multinationals to enter India and build profitable, innovative businesses.
He has co-editor of the book 'Re-imagining India' that has contributions from a host of executives, entrepreneurs, economists, foreign-policy experts, journalists, historians, and cultural luminaries from across the world on how India's potential can be unlocked.
Zainulbhai also serves on the boards of the Indian Institute of Technology-Mumbai, American India Foundation, Saifee Hospital, Saifee Burhani Upliftment Trust, Reliance Industries and Network 18.

Plane hits a flock of birds after take-offPlane hits a flock of pigeons
Recommend
Link
2 months ago, Newsflare
A bizarre video has emerged of a passenger plane hitting a flock of pigeons shortly after taking off from Birmingham Airport on Monday.  The video shows the Frankfurt-bound Lufthansa plane ploughing through the unlucky birds while making its ascent.  Careful study of the footage shows that at least three pigeons struck the plane - two on the wing’s leading edge and one on the engine casing.
More on Newsflare:

Mangalore Chemicals Shareholder Moves Sebi Against Zuari Open OfferYou are here: Home Corporates
Mangalore Chemicals Shareholder Moves Sebi Against Zuari Open Offer
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 16, 2014 21:33 (IST)
Apple $450 Million E-book Settlement Gets Final Court Approval
New Delhi: A minority shareholder of Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizer Ltd (MCFL) has petitioned the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) against UB Group and Saroj Poddar-led Zuari Group launching an open offer to buy additional stake in the company.
In a letter to the capital market regulator, Nagreeka Foils Ltd, which holds 3.5 lakh shares in MCFL, has also sought removal of Vijay Mallya as director on the company's board.
"The continuation of Vijay Mallya, a wilful defaulter, as a promoter or director of MCF will prejudice our rights as a minority shareholder of MCF," Nagreeka Foils said in a letter to Sebi on September 11.
Nagreeka Foils has also sought that Sebi should unwind the agreement between the Saroj Poddar-led Zuari group and MCFL's existing promoters for making a competing open offer to buy additional 26 per cent in MCFL.
UB Group has joined hands with Zuari to ward off a hostile takeover bid by Deepak Fertilizers for MCFL.
In June, Zuari Fertilisers and Chemicals and Zuari Agro Chemicals had entered into a pact with UB group comprising of United Breweries (Holdings) Ltd, Kingfisher Finvest India Ltd and McDowell Holdings Ltd.
On Monday, the Competition Commission of India (CCI) cleared Zuari's proposal to buy an additional 26 per cent stake in MCFL.
Deepak Fertilizers, which is also in the fray to snap up stake in MCFL, last month received green signal from fair trade regulator CCI for its Rs 190-crore open offer.
Story first published on: September 16, 2014 21:20 (IST)

Somber Navy ceremony remembers good peopleBy Joe Davidson September 16 Follow @JoeDavidsonWP
United States Navy personnel prepare for a service at Admiral Leutze Park on the grounds of the Washington Navy Yard to remember the victims and to mark the one-year anniversary of the Washington Navy Yard shooting on Tuesday, Sept. 16, 2014 in Washington, D.C. (Matt McClain/ The Washington Post)
A year later, Paul Lopez knows he is fortunate to be alive.
He was in Building 197 at the Washington Navy Yard last Sept. 16 when  Aaron Alexis , armed with a Remington 870 shotgun and a 9 mm semiautomatic pistol, killed 12 workers.
Lopez knew half of them.
“About six of my co-workers went down in the section I was in,” Lopez, an information security contractor, said at a Navy Yard  remembrance service  Tuesday.
He hid in the building for about three hours before being led out. He didn’t return to work for a month.
“After speaking with the priest, some health workers, the psychologist, the doctors, then I think I was ready,” he said. “It really drained your mind, your body. You get fatigued.” He says he stays healthy with physical and spiritual exercise.
Lopez was among a couple of thousand people, men and women in crisp white Navy uniforms, members of other military services, federal employees and contractors, who attended the service at Admiral Leutze Park, the Navy Yard’s ceremonial grounds.
“In 22 minutes, our worlds turn upside down,” said Rear Adm. Margaret Grun Kibben, the Navy’s chief of chaplains, in her invocation. She referred to the time it took Alexis to kill, before he was killed by police.
For some, she noted, “this ceremony is a bitter and unwanted reminder of the deepest loss.”
For Lopez, the service was a healing experience.
It “was a great step forward in the recovery process,” he said. “It was like a breath of fresh air….a new season.”
The ceremony was short and solemn. No one told funny stories about the dead, no one tried to hide the pain. The overcast skies seemed appropriate for the sad occasion, until two minutes before the ceremony began.
At 7:58 a.m., the sun broke through, just a minute or two before the band played the national anthem, and the American flag was raised. The sun hit the flag like a spotlight as it emerged from the shadows of nearby trees. But the sunshine didn’t brighten the somber mood. Many shed tears.
“One year,” said Navy Secretary Ray Mabus.
“We know that their lives are defined, not by how they died, but by how they lived and what they lived for and they will be remembered for that always.
“One year.
“We know that the work that they dedicated their lives to, and ultimately gave their lives for, will continue unbroken always.”
They are:

J&K gets ready to assess damageNew Delhi, September 17, 2014
Updated: September 17, 2014 02:16 IST
J&K gets ready to assess damage
Mahim Pratap Singh
People cross the damaged Srinagar-Jammu National Highway, the only road that connects Kashmir with the rest of the country, near Srinagar on Tuesday. Photo: Nissar Ahmad
TOPICS
As floodwaters recede in Jammu and Kashmir, the State government is gearing up to the challenge of assessing the damage to infrastructure.
The government asked the divisional commissioners on Monday to collate information on the damage.
“We have sent out instructions to district authorities to assess the damage to infrastructure and report back soon,” an official of the State Relief and Rehabilitation Department told The Hindu.
Big-ticket infrastructure projects may feel the impact of the flood. The biggest of them is the 345-km Jammu-Udhampur-Srinagar-Baramulla Railway Line being built by the Indian Railways at a projected cost of $13 billion. The railway line, declared a project of national importance, was slated to be operational by 2016. Another ambitious project, part of the railway line, is the Chenab river bridge in Kauri, set to be the tallest in the world at 359 metres. Efforts to reach out to the stranded population continued on Tuesday. Air India made arrangements to fly 21 inflatable boats from New York to Srinagar free of cost.

Gold Inches Up for Third Day; Fed Eyed for Rate OutlookYou are here: Home Commodities
Gold Inches Up for Third Day; Fed Eyed for Rate Outlook
Reuters | Updated On: September 17, 2014 09:20 (IST)
Indian Refiners Pay $400 million to Iran Under Interim Deal: Report
Singapore: Gold inched up for a third straight session on Wednesday as speculation mounted that the Federal Reserve would vow to maintain interest rates at low levels when the US central bank concludes its policy meet later in the day.
The Fed is expected to make a statement on policy decision at 1800 GMT, with markets awaiting hints on when the Fed would increase rates. Any increase in interest rates would dim the appeal of non-interest-bearing assets such as gold.
The Fed had said earlier that it would keep rates near zero for a "considerable time" after ending its bond-buying program, with the markets believing that no change would be made until mid-2015. Talk of an earlier rate hike has increased due to strong economic data.
Any change in the 'considerable time' guidance hinting towards an earlier rate hike "may have important ramifications for gold and would likely press prices lower", HSBC analysts said in a note.
Spot gold rose 0.1 per cent to $1,236.70 an ounce by 0257 GMT, after closing up 0.2 per cent in the previous session.
Still, prices were not too far from an eight-month low of $1,225.30 hit on Monday as the dollar gained in strength and reached a 14-month peak this month amid expectations of an earlier rate hike.
Bearish investor sentiment was reflected in the flows of SPDR Gold Trust, the world's largest gold-backed exchange-traded fund. The fund's holdings fell 4.18 tonnes to 784.22 tonnes on Tuesday.
The US dollar, however, took a knock on Tuesday after the Wall Street Journal's Fed watcher Jon Hilsenrath said the central bank would keep the words "considerable time" in its policy statement, though it might qualify them.
Bullion investors were also eyeing Thursday's referendum on Scottish independence to gauge the impact on the dollar.
"A yes vote is likely to be bullish for gold and a no vote slightly bearish," HSBC said, adding that investor uncertainty from a yes vote would boost gold demand.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

How Chinas foreign and domestic policies may be fueling the Islamic StateChina's Transition
September 17, 2014
Indonesian authorities arrested four Chinese nationals  this week from China’s western region of Xinjiang who were believed to be fighting for the Islamic State, also known as ISIL, which has taken control of a vast swathe of territory in Iraq and Syria. It’s a sign of how China, which has long taken a backseat in Middle East affairs, may also be contributing to the rise of the extremist Sunni group.
While the  roots of ISIL  are complex, some critics say that by opposing  intervention in Syria , China effectively  helped enabled the militant group  by propping up the regime of Bashar al-Assad, weakening more moderate anti-Assad groups, and giving Syrian Sunnis reason to mobilize and radicalize.
China’s domestic policy is also problematic.  Less than 2% of China’s population is Muslim, and nearly half of Chinese Muslims belong to a minority group, the Hui, that coexists peacefully alongside the majority Han Chinese . But the country’s strained relationship with its 8 million Uighur Muslims is creating a fertile breeding ground for radicalism—and there is increasing evidence that Uighur jihadis are joining ISIL.
Earlier this month, Iraq’s ministry of defense said it had captured a Chinese militant who was part of ISIL, and four Chinese Uighurs were arrested in Indonesia this week on charges that they were working to spread ISIL’s influence to southeast Asia. China’s former envoy to the Middle East estimates that about 100 Chinese nationals  may be supporting the militant group.
China’s policies toward Uighurs, which range from effectively banning Ramadan  for Uighurs to favoring ethnic Han Chinese in the region’s economic development , have resulted in high levels of poverty in the Uighurs community—which fuels a narrative of anti-Muslim oppression and puts Beijing in the ISIL’s crosshairs. In a speech in July, ISIL leader Abu Bakr-Al Baghdadi named China as one of the regions where “ Muslim rights are forcibly seized ,” and released a map of the group’s global aspirations that included the vast swathe of China’s Xinjiang province.
ThirdPosition (@Third_Position) June 16, 2014
Back in China, concerns about ISIL’s growing influence threaten to make relations between Han Chinese and Uighurs worse. Already, officials have promoted a heightened suspicion by asking civilians to report information on residents “ wearing beards ” and issuing brochures that tell citizens to be on the lookout for individuals who dress or act abnormally .
On Weibo, xenophobic Chinese bloggers responded to the news of the arrests in Indonesia by drawing further distinctions between Han Chinese and the country’s Muslim citizens of the country. “In [Uighurs'] hearts is only Islam and [East] Turkestan. What do they have to do with China?” one blogger wrote  (registration in Chinese required) on Weibo. Another said , “Those who joined ISIL they aren’t Chinese people. It’s debatable whether they are even people.”
Share this:

Sensex Up Over 100 Points  Nifty Above 7 950You are here: Home Market
BSE Sensex, Nifty Higher; IT Stocks Lead Gains
NDTV | Updated On: September 17, 2014 11:55 (IST)
Sensex, Nifty Hit Record; Banks Surge on Kotak-ING Deal
BSE Sensex and Nifty were higher today, tracking a rise in Asian markets on speculation that the Federal Reserve would maintain a pledge on low rates when its two-day policy meet ends later today.
Asian shares crept cautiously higher on Wednesday after a rebound on Wall Street overnight. The Dow hit a fresh record while the US dollar took a knock after the Wall Street Journal's Fed watcher Jon Hilsenrath said the central bank would keep the words "considerable time" in its policy statement, though it might qualify them.
The phrase has become a touchstone in markets for when the Fed might start raising interest rates and dropping it would be taken as a hawkish step.
Market sentiment was also boosted after China injected $81 billion into major banks.
BSE Sensex and Nifty yesterday suffered losses of over 1 per cent on caution ahead of the US Federal Reserve's meeting while foreign portfolio sales also weighed on sentiment.
The Sensex was up 105 points at 26,598.43 after hitting 26,682.64 at its day's high. The Nifty rose 34 points to 7,967.
However, cautious trade was seen in broader markets with BSE midcap and smallcap indices nearly flat.
Among frontline stocks, IT shares led the gains with Wipro and Infosys rising close to 2 per cent while TCS rose close to 1.5 per cent.
Among other major Nifty gainers, Tata Power, NMDC and Hero MotoCorp were up between 1.5 per cent and 2 per cent. (With Agency Inputs)
Story first published on: September 17, 2014 11:54 (IST)

56% Indians book their travel three months in advance: surveyE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

The one chart Modi should silently contemplate at the Sabarmati AshramModinomics
September 17, 2014
As Chinese president Xi Jinping arrives on a three-day visit on Wednesday with the promise of $100 billion of investments to India , the persistent trade imbalance with the eastern neighbour will be playing on the minds of Indian officials. As China has evolved into a global manufacturing powerhouse, its need for Indian goods has diminished, and combined with some contentious trade decisions, bilateral trade numbers are crying out for intervention.
India’s lopsided trade equation with China may in fact get worse. Domestic demand in China has been on the decline. Iron ore futures has dropped due to weak demand, so has  demand for cotton . Copper imports, in fact,  dropped to lowest  since April 2013.
This is terrible news for India because some of the largest items in India’s export basket to China include iron ore, cotton and copper. A lower demand of these goods in China will mean fewer exports from India. This may stoke the already massive trade gap.
China is India’s largest trading partner. Trade between the two countries  reached $49.5 billion  during the first nine months of the current fiscal year, Quartz reported earlier. The two countries have set a target of $100 billion in trade by 2015.
But India’s trade deficit with China has risen at a rapid pace since 2009-10. The trend reversed in 2013-14 as trade between the two countries declined.
Share
Tap image to zoom
One of the main reasons behind India’s large trade deficit is that its exports are largely concentrated in primary and resource-based sectors. “As most of the important sectors contributing to export are primary and resource-based sectors, exports of these products may not be sustainable in the long-run as demand for imports in these sectors are receding,” says a  paper by the Reserve Bank of India
So what can India do?
Experts say India doesn’t have to cut down its imports to improve its trade imbalance with Asia’s largest economy. “The present trend of trade imbalances may be settled without limiting the size of bilateral trade,” writes S.K. Mohanty, the author of the RBI paper. It has to focus on diversifying its exports and include agricultural, pharmaceuticals, auto components and IT products.
But it is easier said than done.
China has imposed lots of trade restrictions on several Indian exports.  For example, it has banned imports of Indian basmati rice without giving adequate reasons. “…Nearly all the sectors in which India enjoys a comfortable and comparative advantage are routinely subjected to non-trade barriers in China,”  says a report by Observer Research Foundation .   
To top it off, India has its own set of problems at home. It suffers from a poor labour productivity and tedious regulatory environment making it difficult for businesses to operate.
As he leads the visiting dignitary to Mahatma Gandhi’s Sabarmati Ashram in Gujarat today, prime minister Narendra Modi could indulge in a moment of silent contemplation on this eastern imbalance. The good news of course is that the proposed $100 billion investment from China is more than double the size of the current trade imbalance.
This article is a part of Quartz India. For more, follow this link.
Share this:

Planning to take a home loan Six important things you should knowYou are here: Home > Collections
Six important things you should know before taking a home loan
Chandralekha Mukerji, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 17, 2014, 12.59PM IST
Tags:
careful
(Thought a fixed interest…)
Taking a home loan is easier said than done. Though it may seem all banks are eager to lend, getting a loan sanctioned can be a tedious task. Also, like any other financial product, it is important to be acquainted with how home loans work to avoid any nasty surprises later. Here are some important things you should know before signing on the dotted line.
1. Factors Affecting the Eligibility Criteria: A crude way to calculate your loan eligibility is by calculating the EMI. Banks usually limit the instalments at 40-50% of the borrower's salary, that is, basic plus dearness allowance. Reimbursements and allowances are not considered for this. Also, if you have existing liabilities, say another loan, the eligibility goes down further. Some banks are sensitive about the number of dependents you have. Higher number of dependants implies lower repayment capacity.
Apart from your financial strength your profile also effects how much the bank may agree to lend. For instance, people with a stable source of income find it relatively easier to get loan than say a self-employed with erratic earnings. Your age defines how many earning years you have and therefore your re-payment capacity vis-a-vis the tenure of the loan. Usually, loan tenures do not go beyond your retirement age, unless you've a younger co-applicant.
The co-applicant cannot be a minor, but should not be above a certain age as well. Banks have their set rules on this to minimize ownership dispute. Also, having a co-applicant allows you to get a higher loan as the income of the co-borrower is clubbed while considering the eligibility. The value of the property is also considered before sanctioning the loan. Banks usually cap the loan amount at 70-80% value of the property.
2. Your Loan Type: As you already know, there are two types of home loans based on the interest rate—fixed and floating. As the name suggest, a fixed rate loan is where the interest rate doesn't change with market fluctuations. Usually, this rate is 1-2.5 percentage points higher than the floating rate home loan. Floating interest loan, on the other hand, varies according to the market conditions.
The clause varies from bank to bank and is invoked either after a fixed period or a sharp spike in interest rates. So the EMIs also move up and down with change in base rate.
Thought a fixed interest rate may seem more attractive in a high interest regime, experts advice otherwise for various reasons. First, the fixed nature of the interest itself is a disadvantage in a long-tenure loan like home loan where rates are bound to come down some time even if they are high at present. In that case, the borrower has to repay the same amount every time even if the rates reduce. Moreover, fixed rate loans come with the 'reset clause', that says it is subject to revision. Though the nature of the clause varies from bank to bank it is usually invoked either after a fixed period or a sharp spike in interest rates. Therefore, a floating rate makes more sense unless if the economy promises a sharp rise in interest rates in the near future.
3. The Fine Print: a home loan agreement is a legal document and therefore often incomprehensible. However there can be quite a few devils hiding in the details.
You may think a 'default' is only if you do not pay the EMI. However, there are some banks who define default as when the borrower expires, gets a divorce (in case of joint-loans), or the borrower is/are involved in any civil litigation or criminal offence.
Also, some banks have a security clause that makes that entitles the bank to demand additional security along with your loan amount in case property prices fall. If you fail to pay up, you'll be marked as a defaulter.
Be careful about the add-on charges and penalties. It's not just the interest that you pay. There are additional charges such as administrative and service charges or processing fees. Also, there are penalties like on pre-payment of the loan. Consider these when comparing the deals offered by various lenders.
  4. Negotiate the Rate: Which ever option you choose, do not forget that you can negotiate on the interest rate. Though the bank would always have an upper-hand, you can haggle as well, especially if you are an old customer with a long relationship with the bank. Have a clean record in your credit history for payments done on time? Use it to negotiate loan amount and the rate. Every bank wants good business and a high credit score gives you bargaining power. Also, try to purchase the loan at the end of the month. Banks have their monthly targets and may be more flexible as they do not want to lose business.

Police registers murder case against Sharif ...Pakistan police registers murder case against Nawaz Sharif, ministers
PTI Sep 17, 2014, 01.08PM IST
Tags:
Imran Khan
(It was second murder case…)
ISLAMABAD: A murder case has been registered against Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif , his ministers and other top officials for their alleged involvement in the killing of anti-government protesters here, police said today.
The case was registered last night after a district judge ordered framing of murder charges against Sharif and others over the killing of protesters, the second criminal case to be filed against the embattled Prime Minister.
Pakistan Awami Tehrik (PAT), led by fiery cleric Tahirul Qadri , had approached the court for registering of case.
At least three people were killed and over 500 injured in clashes with police on August 30 after the populist cleric and Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaaf chief Imran Khan asked their supporters to march toward the official residence of Sharif.
A police official from the Secretariat Police Station told PTI that the case was registered after the district and sessions judge on Monday "ordered us" to register the case while disposing of a petition filed by Qadri.
He said section 302 of Pakistan Penal Code (intentional murder) and Section 7 of the Anti-Terrorism Act were also included in the case.
It was second murder case against Sharif after one field last month in Lahore for killing of 14 workers of Qadri in clashes with police in June.
The nomination of a person in a case does not affect his legal status but conviction makes people ineligible for any public office in Pakistan.
Khan wants Sharif's ouster over alleged rigging in last year's poll which his party lost, while Qadri wants to bring a revolution in the country. They are agitating since August 14, demanding Sharif's ouster.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Apollo to Acquire HMSL s Pharmacy Stores for About Rs. 146 CroreApple $450 Million E-book Settlement Gets Final Court Approval
New Delhi: Healthcare major Apollo Hospitals Enterprise has inked a pact with Hetero Med Solutions Ltd to acquire its pharmacy stores business for about Rs 146 crore.
"Apollo Hospitals Enterprise has entered into MoU with Hetero Med Solutions Ltd for the acquisition of its retail pharmacy stores currently operated in Telengana, Andhra Pradesh and Tamilnadu," the company said in a filing to BSE.
The acquisition would be in the form of purchase of the business undertaking on a slump sale basis and comprises of 320 pharmacy stores, at an overall consideration not exceeding Rs 146 crore, it added.
Apollo Hospitals Enterprise executive vice chairperson Shobana Kamineni said: "In order to drive the stand alone pharmacy business segment's growth to the next stage, Apollo was on the lookout for acquisitions to grow inorganically and considers the Hetero Pharmacy chain as the right choke given its significant presence in the relevant territories."
Apollo Hospitals Enterprise expects to leverage on its proven track record of performance and operational capabilities to drive growth and profitability of the combined network and create long term value for its shareholders, she added.
"This will also create an opportunity to increase the sales of Apollo private label products," the company said.
Shares of Apollo Hospitals were trading at Rs 1,117.20 per scrip, up 0.86 per cent, in the afternoon trade on BSE.
Story first published on: September 17, 2014 13:28 (IST)

Former Assam DGP under probe in Saradha scam commits suicideComments
A former Assam director general of police, who was under the CBI scanner in connection with the Saradha scam, allegedly committed suicide at his residence on Wednesday.
Shankar Barua, 63, shot himself in the head minutes after being discharged from a local hospital where he was admitted for four days with an undisclosed ailment, said a police officer who did not wish to be identified.
Barua was taken ill after Sadananda Gogoi, an Assamese singer and filmmaker, was arrested by the CBI on September 12 in Kolkata for his alleged involvement in the scam.
“Doctors declared him dead. An investigation is on,” said AP Tiwari, senior superintendent of police in Guwahati. Following a post-mortem examination the body was cremated last evening.
The Saradha scam was caused by the collapse of an investment operation from the Saradha Group, a consortium of over 200 private companies that was running many unlicensed financial schemes in eastern India.
The group folded up in April last year, resulting in the loss of hundreds of crores to thousands of investors — largely from rural areas with little access to formal banking facilities.
Saradha chief Sudipta Sen suggested in a letter to the CBI last year that Barua, the then DGP of Assam police, was paid protection money through Gogoi to run the consortium’s business in the state, sources said.
The CBI raided several locations in the city on August 28, including Barua’s house, and took him to a State Bank of India branch to verify some documents.
A CBI spokesperson, however, said the agency had not launched a formal investigation against Barua. “Reports in certain sections of the media that the ex-DGP, Assam was examined by the CBI are not correct.  He had not been summoned as yet,” the official said.
Barua, a 1974-batch Indian Police Service (IPS) officer, was the director general of Assam police from July 28, 2009 to December 31, 2012. He is survived by his wife, two sons and mother.
“He was an upright and efficient police officer who discharged his duties conscientiously and assiduously,” said Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi.
The Saradha scam has turned into a major embarrassment for West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee who stands accused of trying to shield some of the beneficiaries of Saradha’s slush funds. A Rajya Sabha MP from her Trinamool Congress party is now in judicial custody and several other leaders are also being investigated in the fraud.
The probe also spread to neighbouring Assam and Odisha, where Saradha ran its Ponzi scheme and had either invested or had planned to invest heavily in a range of business, including the media.

Chinese president Xi arrives in Ahmedabad  eyes big investmentsGrand welcome for Chinese president Xi in Modi's Ahmedabad, 3 MoUs signed
Agencies  New Delhi/Ahmedabad, September 17, 2014
First Published: 13:38 IST(17/9/2014) | Last Updated: 18:47 IST(17/9/2014)
Comments
Chinese President Xi Jinping was given a grand welcome when he arrived in Ahmedabad for a three day day visit of India.
Jinping, who arrived here from Sri Lanka, was welcomed by Gujarat Governor O P Kohli and Chief Minister Anandiben Patel, as well as the state cabinet ministers.
On his arrival, Xi was accorded a police guard of honour. Highlighting the importance New Delhi is attaching to his
visit, Prime Minister Narendra Modi came to receive him in the city.
Chinese President Xi Jinping receives warm welcome in Ahmedabad
Later the two sides signed three MoUs in the presence of both the leaders.
One of the MoUs is between China Development Bank (CDB) and Industrial Extension Bureau (iNDEXTb) of Gujarat government and relates to development of industrial parks in the state.
Another pact was signed between China's Guangdong province and Gujarat government. And the third MoU was between Guangzhou and Ahmedabad cities for cultural exchange.
 
India expects that the visit will address "interests and concerns" of both the countries and that "all substantive" issues which have bearing on the ties including the boundary dispute will be discussed.
 
Keen to boost trade ties, the Chinese side has already indicated that it will pledge to invest billions of dollars in India's railway, manufacturing and infrastructure projects during Xi's visit, the third by any Chinese president to India.
 
Highlighting the importance New Delhi is attaching to Xi's visit, Modi received the Chinese president in Ahmedabad. Modi said India seeks greater engagement with China but at the same time sought progress on "issues of concern".
 "I am looking forward to deepening our engagement across the full spectrum of our bilateral relations, but also seeking progress on issues of concern, because resolution of these issues will transform the atmosphere in our relations and allow us to realise the full potential of our relations," he said.
Read: Just ahead of Xi visit, India-Vietnam deal on China’s mind
 
President Xi is accompanied by a high-level delegation including two senior members of the politburo of the Communist party of China and the Chinese Commerce Minister.
 
The Chinese president will visit Mahatma Gandhi's Sabarmati Ashram and will spend some time along with Modi who will host a private dinner for the Chinese president at the Sabarmati riverfront.
Top industrialists from both the countries will take part in the business meet. The dinner to be served at a dome on the Sabarmati riverfront will consist of only Gujarati delicacies.
 
Foolproof security is in place for Xi's visit. Gujarat police with the help from central security agencies have made necessary arrangements.
 
Xi will leave for Delhi after dinner in Ahmedabad. Modi and Xi will hold extensive talks on Thursday in Delhi following which they are expected to sign a number of pacts which will provide for Chinese investments in a range of areas including railways and industrial parks.
 
Largely described as a visit to focus on economic and trade issues, Xi is expected to announce large scale Chinese investments in railways, manufacturing as well as infrastructure rivalling Japan's $35 billion commitment made during Modi's recent visit to Tokyo.
Read: How PM Modi is reaching out to China via Japan
 
Chinese officials say that China would be committing anywhere between $100 billion to $300 billion in the modernisation of Indian railways, establishing of industrial parks as well as investment in mega infrastructure projects.
China's foreign exchange reserves, the largest in the world, reached a record $3.95 trillion in March and it plans to invest around $500 billion overseas in the next five years, a large share of which is expected to find India's way.
 
Xi will be accompanied by his wife Peng Liyuan, state councillor Yang Jiechi, who was earlier foreign minister, Foreign Minister Wang Yi, Commerce Minister Gao Hucheng besides a number of businessmen and other leaders.
 
60-year-old Xi, who took over as the head of the ruling Communist Party in 2012 and President and military chief in March last year, had been sending clear signals of boosting bilateral relations with India.
Xi's visit is the third by any Chinese president to India. President Hu Jintao had visited India in 2006 and Jiang Zemin had come here in 1996.

Andhra Petrochemicals announces cessation of directorAndhra Petrochemicals announces cessation of director
Xi sees factory China and back office India as global engineXi Jinping sees factory China and back office India as global engine
Rupam Jain Nair     Ahmedabad   Last Updated: September 17, 2014  | 16:13 IST
Chinese President XI Jinping (Photo: Reuters)
A combination of the "world's factory" and the "world's back office" will drive global economic growth, Chinese President Xi Jinping said ahead of a rare visit to India on Wednesday, playing down mistrust that has kept the Asian giants apart.
The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, is determined to build closer relations with the world's second-largest economy, whose leader arrives on Modi's 64th birthday and comes with pledges to invest billions of dollars in railways, industrial parks and roads.
"As the two engines of the Asian economy, we need to become cooperation partners spearheading growth," Xi wrote in a column in The Hindu newspaper.
He said China's strong manufacturing base and India's software and scientific skills had massive potential both as a production base and for creating a consumer market.
Modi is seeking more access for India's IT services and pharmaceuticals to China to help balance $65 billion in annual trade that is heavily tilted in China's favour.
They may also discuss working together on civilian nuclear programmes and seek a solution for a long-running travel visa row, Indian officials said.
Modi hopes the leaders of the world's two most populous nations will establish a personal rapport to match the warmth he shares with Japanese Prime Minister Abe, who wished him happy returns in a phone call on Wednesday morning, Indian media reported.
But beyond the smiles and the commercial embrace, ties between nuclear-armed India and China are marked by competition for energy and regional clout as well as a festering border dispute that led to a brief war 52 years ago.
Even as officials rolled out red carpets for Xi in Gujarat's main city, Ahmedabad, friction emerged over a Himalayan border incursion and a pact between India and Vietnam to explore for oil and gas in parts of the South China Sea claimed by Beijing.
In his column, Xi said the two sides were "properly managing problems and differences" and that they shared one of the most dynamic and promising bilateral relations of the 21st century.
In one sign that India wants the Xi visit to be a success, New Delhi asked the Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama to reschedule an event in the capital so that it would not clash with the Chinese president's trip there on Friday.
The Dalai Lama, whom Beijing labels a separatist seeking an independent Tibet, has lived in India since fleeing across the Himalayas after a failed uprising against Chinese rule of his homeland in 1959. Police detained a small group of Tibetan protesters from outside China's embassy in Delhi on Wednesday.
MODI'S "INTENSIVE" FOREIGN POLICY
In a little more than 100 days since he came to power, Modi has engaged in what his government describes as "an intensive state of global engagement", reaching out to smaller neighbours and clasping Japan's Abe in a bear hug on his first major trip outside South Asia.
He is due to visit Washington and New York at the end of the month.
India has taken a tougher stance on Beijing's practice of issuing stapled, rather than printed, visas to Indian citizens from the disputed regions of Arunachal Pradesh and Ladakh. Foreign Minister Sushma Swaraj told her Chinese counterpart she expected China to accept a "one India policy."
"When they raised with us the issue of Tibet and Taiwan, we appreciated their sensitivities. So we also want that they should understand and appreciate our sensitivities regarding Arunachal," she told reporters earlier this month.
India said on Tuesday it would firmly defend its 3,500-km (2,200-mile) border with China after domestic media reported a new face-off on the frontier.
"The two have the opportunity to craft a new kind of relationship between great powers that is very different from the Western-dominated, post-World War Two model of great power ties," said Jabin Jacob of the Institute of Chinese Studies in New Delhi.
"It remains to be seen, however, whether Modi and Xi can together summon the vision and statesmanship needed to grab the opportunity," he wrote in a commentary before the visit.
Modi is not the only regional leader seeking strategic influence, defence partners and economic opportunities.
Earlier this month, Abe visited Bangladesh and Sri Lanka, asserting Tokyo's interest in a region where it has ceded influence to China.
Xi followed this week with trips to the Maldives, the Indian Ocean island nation that New Delhi has long considered its area of influence, and Sri Lanka, where the two sides built on a blossoming relationship by agreeing to launch negotiations for a free trade agreement.
(Reuters)

Factory China  back office India to be global engine: Xi JinpingXi Jinping sees factory China and back office India as global engine
Rupam Jain Nair     Ahmedabad   Last Updated: September 17, 2014  | 16:13 IST
Chinese President XI Jinping (Photo: Reuters)
A combination of the "world's factory" and the "world's back office" will drive global economic growth, Chinese President Xi Jinping said ahead of a rare visit to India on Wednesday, playing down mistrust that has kept the Asian giants apart.
The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, is determined to build closer relations with the world's second-largest economy, whose leader arrives on Modi's 64th birthday and comes with pledges to invest billions of dollars in railways, industrial parks and roads.
"As the two engines of the Asian economy, we need to become cooperation partners spearheading growth," Xi wrote in a column in The Hindu newspaper.
He said China's strong manufacturing base and India's software and scientific skills had massive potential both as a production base and for creating a consumer market.
Modi is seeking more access for India's IT services and pharmaceuticals to China to help balance $65 billion in annual trade that is heavily tilted in China's favour.
They may also discuss working together on civilian nuclear programmes and seek a solution for a long-running travel visa row, Indian officials said.
Modi hopes the leaders of the world's two most populous nations will establish a personal rapport to match the warmth he shares with Japanese Prime Minister Abe, who wished him happy returns in a phone call on Wednesday morning, Indian media reported.
But beyond the smiles and the commercial embrace, ties between nuclear-armed India and China are marked by competition for energy and regional clout as well as a festering border dispute that led to a brief war 52 years ago.
Even as officials rolled out red carpets for Xi in Gujarat's main city, Ahmedabad, friction emerged over a Himalayan border incursion and a pact between India and Vietnam to explore for oil and gas in parts of the South China Sea claimed by Beijing.
In his column, Xi said the two sides were "properly managing problems and differences" and that they shared one of the most dynamic and promising bilateral relations of the 21st century.
In one sign that India wants the Xi visit to be a success, New Delhi asked the Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama to reschedule an event in the capital so that it would not clash with the Chinese president's trip there on Friday.
The Dalai Lama, whom Beijing labels a separatist seeking an independent Tibet, has lived in India since fleeing across the Himalayas after a failed uprising against Chinese rule of his homeland in 1959. Police detained a small group of Tibetan protesters from outside China's embassy in Delhi on Wednesday.
MODI'S "INTENSIVE" FOREIGN POLICY
In a little more than 100 days since he came to power, Modi has engaged in what his government describes as "an intensive state of global engagement", reaching out to smaller neighbours and clasping Japan's Abe in a bear hug on his first major trip outside South Asia.
He is due to visit Washington and New York at the end of the month.
India has taken a tougher stance on Beijing's practice of issuing stapled, rather than printed, visas to Indian citizens from the disputed regions of Arunachal Pradesh and Ladakh. Foreign Minister Sushma Swaraj told her Chinese counterpart she expected China to accept a "one India policy."
"When they raised with us the issue of Tibet and Taiwan, we appreciated their sensitivities. So we also want that they should understand and appreciate our sensitivities regarding Arunachal," she told reporters earlier this month.
India said on Tuesday it would firmly defend its 3,500-km (2,200-mile) border with China after domestic media reported a new face-off on the frontier.
"The two have the opportunity to craft a new kind of relationship between great powers that is very different from the Western-dominated, post-World War Two model of great power ties," said Jabin Jacob of the Institute of Chinese Studies in New Delhi.
"It remains to be seen, however, whether Modi and Xi can together summon the vision and statesmanship needed to grab the opportunity," he wrote in a commentary before the visit.
Modi is not the only regional leader seeking strategic influence, defence partners and economic opportunities.
Earlier this month, Abe visited Bangladesh and Sri Lanka, asserting Tokyo's interest in a region where it has ceded influence to China.
Xi followed this week with trips to the Maldives, the Indian Ocean island nation that New Delhi has long considered its area of influence, and Sri Lanka, where the two sides built on a blossoming relationship by agreeing to launch negotiations for a free trade agreement.
(Reuters)

Salman Khans new Bigg Boss promo is out and he says sabki BajaaDoongaPrint
Salman Khan hints that this season’s contestants are in for a tougher stint on the show.
Written by Sunitra Pacheco , Edited by Sarika Sharma | Mumbai | Posted: September 17, 2014 2:59 pm | Updated: September 18, 2014 11:33 am
Despite all statements about his uncertainty in returning to the new season of the reality show ‘Bigg Boss’, Salman Khan is back on the small screen.
In a new promo for the reality show, Salman Khan is featured flying in an empty aircraft as he constantly rings the calling bell. Could it suggest that despite repeated calls, the housemates will receive no answer?
The ‘Dabangg’ actor, who is one of the most-loved television show hosts, also hints that this season’s contestants are in for a tougher stint on the show. The promo concludes with Salman Khan saying ‘Bajaa Doonga’ with a cheeky laugh.
‘Bigg Boss 8’ will begin on September 21.
Click here to watch the promo: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ORqOQGX23G0

Hrithik Roshan  Katrina Kaif sizzle in Bang Bang title songteaserHrithik Roshan is dancing his way to glory with this track and so is Katrina.
Written by Sonal Gera , Edited by Sarika Sharma | New Delhi | Posted: September 17, 2014 2:57 pm
After ruling the music charts with ‘Tu Meri’ and ‘Meherbaan’, the makers of ‘Bang Bang’ are gearing up for the release of the third song of the movie, which also is its title track. The teaser of the song has been released and Hrithik Roshan and Katrina Kaif are setting the stage ablaze with their chemistry.
Hrithik Roshan is dancing his way to glory with this track and so is Katrina. She, by far, has given a tough competition to Hrithik.
Also read: I added my own style: Hrithik Roshan on doing MJ’s iconic moves
This song has been crooned by Benny Dayal and Neeti Mohan. It’s been penned by Vishal Dadlani, who has also composed the music of the movie along with his partner – Shekhar Rajvijani.
‘Bang Bang’ is slated to release on October 2 alongside Vishal Bharadwaj’s ‘Haider’ starring Shahid Kapoor, Shraddha Kapoor, Kay Kay Menon and Tabu.

OCA throws Iran official  charged with sexual assault  out of AsianGamesPrint
Reuters | Incheon | Posted: September 17, 2014 2:52 pm
The Olympic Council of Asia (OCA) has thrown an Iranian official out of the Asian Games after South Korean police charged him with sexual harassment , while a Palestine soccer player has been charged with the same offence and banned from leaving the country.
The OCA said in a statement on Wednesday that Amereh Ahmad, who looked after the equipment for the Iran soccer team, had been banned from all Asian Games sites, including the athletes village, venues and hotels.
The OCA has also asked Iran’s National Olympic Committee to send him home.
“The Olympic Council of Asia has issued a zero tolerance policy for any cases of sexual harassment at the Asian Games in Incheon, Korea,” it said in a statement.
“It was not a matter of a physical attack; it was verbal sexual harassment,” the OCA said of the incident, which took place on Monday at a soccer stadium in Ansan.
“The OCA will not tolerate any misbehaviour of this nature and we will take a tough stance. We cannot accept this, so we have removed him from the Games.”
South Korean police had said on Tuesday they had charged the Iran official following a complaint by a female volunteer. Police said he had admitted touching the volunteer but did not consider his actions illegal.
The statement comes after South Korean police charged a player from Palestine’s soccer team with sexual harassment following a complaint from a female staff member at the athletes village in Incheon, west of Seoul.
Police told Reuters by telephone the incident occurred after the player suggested they take a photograph together on Tuesday.
The player, who was not identified, was charged without physical detention and the case transferred to the prosecutor’s office, the police confirmed.
Incheon organisers (IAGOC) said earlier on Wednesday that after the Iranian equipment official had been charged they had warned all of the competing countries that such behaviour would be met with a strong response.
The IAGOC official said they would meet to discuss the matter before taking further action.
The Olympic Council of Asia has issued a zero tolerance policy for any cases of sexual harassment at the Asian Games in Incheon

South actors counter to ALS ice bucket challengePress Trust of India | Chennai | Posted: September 17, 2014 2:51 pm
With Bollywood celebrities like Akshay Kumar and Abhishek Bachchan taking up the ‘ALS ice bucket’ challenge in a big way, actors down south, especially those in the Malayalam film industry, are challenging each other in a different way by planting trees.
Malayalam superstar Mammooty launched the ‘My Tree Challenge’, an activity involving planting a sapling and challenging others to do so, recently, besides taking it on a global scale by planting a tamarind tree in the premises of Grand Hyatt Hotel, Dubai yesterday.
He had nominated Bollywood superstar Shah Rukh Khan and popular Tamil actors Vijay and Suriya, to take up the challenge, when he kick-started the initiative on August 30.
“As you all know ‘ALS Ice Bucket Challenge’ is being viral online and offline media. I proudly kick-start a novel concept called ‘My Tree Challenge’. I request all my friends from the Malayalam film industry and all Facebook friends to join in for the good cause and make this world a greener place to live in.
“I challenge Shah Rukh Khan from Bollywood, Vijay and Surya from Tamil Film Industry to plant a sapling and join this Eco revolution,” Mammootty posted on his Facebook page.
The MTC has now gone global with Mammootty launching itin the UAE on Tuesday by planting a tamarind tree in the premises of Grand Hyatt Hotel, Dubai. Photos of the actor planting the sapling have gone viral.
Both Vijay and Suriya have accepted Mammootty’s challenge. A photo of Suriya planting a coconut tree has gone viral while Vijay has reportedly promised to plant 25,000 saplings.
Suriya has nominated Bollywood star Aamir Khan, Telegu star Mahesh Babu and Kannada actor Sudeep to take up the challenge.
‘My Tree Challenge’ is an online eco revolution started by environmentalists Abdul Manaf and Imthias Kadeer, inspired by the ALS ice bucket challenge, which was designed to raise funds for amyotrophic lateral sclerosis— also known as Lou Gehrig’s Disease and motor neurone disease.
Fahad Fazil, celebrity couple Aashiq Abu and Rima Kallingal, Ranjith Sankar, Nivin Pauly and Vineeth Srinivasan are among those from the Malayalam film industry who have planted saplings as part of the My Tree Challenge initiative.
“Now this challenge make so much more sense for us,” popular actress Rima Kallingal posted on her social networking site, while filmmaker Aashiq Abu described it as “a wise attempt by Indy Imthi, Abdul Manaf. Claps.”
According to the latest posting on the MTC page, Rajagiri Engineering College Students (in Kerala) planted 40 tree saplings in and around the campus of Rajagiri School of Engineering and Technology yesterday.
They have challenged IIT Madras, Government Engineering College Thrissur, College of Engineering Trivandrum, TKM Kollam, Federal Institute of Technology, SCMS, Saint Gits Kottayam, Amal Jyothi Kanjirapally, Model Engineering College Ernakulam and Adi Shankara College, NIT Calicut.

Markets @ 3: Top 20 trading ideas | 7 stocks that returned upto 381%You are here: Home > Collections > Ril
Sensex on strong footing, Nifty above 7950; top 20 intraday bets
ET Now Sep 17, 2014, 03.03PM IST
Tags:
Ashwani Gujral
(Tracking the momentum,…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex rose as much as 190 points in trade on Wednesday, led by gains in Infosys, TCS, HDFC, M&M and RIL .
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also managed to reclaim its crucial psychological level of 7,950, supported by gains in realty, IT, metal and FMCG stocks.
At 3:00 p.m.; the 30-share index was at 26,619.66, up 127.15 points. It touched a high of 26,682.64 and a low of 26,511.71 in early trade.
The Nifty was at 7,972.55, up 39.65 points. It touched a high of 7,990.65 and a low of 7,936.95 in early trade.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
TCS Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2630 and a stop loss of Rs 2550
Infosys Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 3750 and a stop loss of Rs 3660
Cipla Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 590 and a stop loss of Rs 616
JSPL Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 204 and a stop loss of Rs 221
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
Dr Reddy's Laboratories Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 3150 and a stop loss of Rs 3014
Infosys Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 3770 and a stop loss of Rs 3670
JSW Energy Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 70 and a stop loss of Rs 78.50
PFC Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 235 and a stop loss of Rs 254
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO , Power My Wealth
L&T Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 1485 and a stop loss of Rs 1530
PFC Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 235 and a stop loss of Rs 250
TCS Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2630 and a stop loss of Rs 2575
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
Infosys Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 3750 and a stop loss of Rs 3669
M&M Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1405 and a stop loss of Rs 1380
Dr Reddy's Laboratories Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 3100 and a stop loss of Rs 3030
Shrikant Chouhan, Senior VP- Technical Research, Kotak Securities
Exide Industries Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 185 and a stop loss of Rs 167
Kolte Patil Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 210 and a stop loss of Rs 182
Tata Motors DVR is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 385 and a stop loss of Rs 350
Rakesh Bansal, VP- R K Global
ZEE Entertainment Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 302 and a stop loss of Rs 280
ITC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 368 and a stop loss of Rs 348
IFCI Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 30 and a stop loss of Rs 35
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Naolin Enterprises: Outcome of board meetingSep 17, 2014, 03.01 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Naolin Enterprises: Outcome of board meeting
Naolin Enterprises Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on August 25, 2014, has considered and approved the appointment of Mr. Y. Satish Kumar as Additional Director.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Naolin Enterprises: Outcome of board meeting
Naolin Enterprises Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on August 25, 2014, has considered and approved the appointment of Mr. Y. Satish Kumar as Additional Director.
Post your opinion here
 
Naolin Enterprises Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on August 25, 2014, inter alia, has considered and approved the following:1. Appointment of Mr. Y. Satish Kumar as Additional Director.2. Appointment of Mr. Vivek Surana, Practicing Company Secretary, as a scrutinizer for conducting e-voting in the ensuing Annual General Meeting.Source : BSE

Minor border issues shouldn t block India-China growth: Alok BansalMinor border issues shouldn t block India-China growth: Alok Bansal
Stay grounded: Sena tells BJP after bypoll reversesStay grounded: Sena tells BJP after bypoll reverses
Apollo to acquire HMSL s pharmacy stores for about Rs 146 croreApollo to acquire HMSL s pharmacy stores for about Rs 146 crore
Chinese President Xi Jinping arrives in AhmedabadChinese President Xi Jinping arrives in Ahmedabad
Italy July global trade surplus rises to 6.857 billion eurosItaly July global trade surplus rises to 6.857 billion euros
Global crackdown on tax secrecy nets 37bnGlobal crackdown on offshore secret tax accounts yields €37bn
By Vanessa Houlder
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/493e4f88-10d2-11e4-b116-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Today s links: Buybacks! Oil! U2!Today's links: Buybacks! Oil! Astronauts! U2-b-gon!
By: John Waggoner September 16, 2014 8:30 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Investors have yanked nearly $26 billion from domestic stock mutual funds this year. So where is the fuel for the bull market coming from? Stock buybacks , says the Wall Street Journal, citing Birinyi Associates.  Corporations bought back $338.3 billion of stock in the first half of the year, the most for any six-month period since 2007.
AP YELLEN
Boeing (ticker: BA ) is taking the lead to build a space taxi to ferry astronauts to and from orbit . Currently, astronauts have to hitch a ride with the Russian space program if they want to escape gravity’s grasp. Boeing will team up with Blue Origin, run by Jeff Bezos, founder of Amazon.com ( AMZN ).
Oil could fall as low as $75 a barrel, given increased U.S. production and falling demand from China, says economist Ed Yardeni. The biggest loser: Russian President Vladimir Putin.
Hey, were you one of those people talking about how the Federal Reserve’s easy money policy would debase the currency? How’s that working out for you?
Allergan ( AGN ), maker of Botox, has agreed to hold a special shareholder meeting , giving them an opportunity to vote out Alleran’s board – which could lead to a takeover by rival Valeant ( VRX ) and hedge fund Pershing Square.
What could possibly go wrong? Tech venture capitalists promise never to question founders and give them free cash.
The California Public Employees Retirement System says it will stop investing in hedge funds , saying they are too complicated and expensive.
Hate that new free U2 album that Apple put on your iPhone? The company has released a new, free tool to wipe it from the phone .

G20 cracks down on tax avoidanceG20 governments agree to crackdown on tax avoidance
By Vanessa Houlder
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/af6c1ed4-3d00-11e4-a2ab-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Invincible Knights slay MumbaiKnights knock defending champs Mumbai out of CLT20
CLT20 QUALIFIER — Another thumping win for Northern Knights. Lahore Lions also progress.
By Vishal Dikshit | ESPNcricinfo –  Tue 16 Sep, 2014 5:30 AM IST
Tweet
0
Northern Knights 133 for 4 (Williamson 53, Devcich 39) beat Mumbai Indians 132 for 9 (Pollard 31, Styris 3-21, Southee 3-24) by six wickets
Scorecard and ball-by-ball details
A substandard batting performance from defending champions Mumbai Indians led to their elimination from the Champions League as Northern Knights won their third qualification game in a row. An all-round display from Knights handed Mumbai their second loss in three matches, a six-wicket defeat that ensured Knights and Lahore Lions qualified for the main tournament.
All three teams were in the fray to advance to the next stage and Mumbai had to win the match, by any margin, to qualify. But once they were put in to bat, their task became an uphill one when they were reduced to 46 for 5 by the Knights seamers in the 11th over. The lower order helped them recover, but the chase of 133 was made easy by the Knights openers who steered them to another convincing win.
Desperate to get a strong start, Mumbai never got in the groove as Trent Boult and Tim Southee stifled them with their nagging line outside off, conceding only 11 in the first four overs, and accounting for Michael Hussey . First-change Scott Kuggeleijn conceded 15 in the fifth over, but Scott Styris ensured Knights retained suffocating control over proceedings, running through Mumbai's batting with three wickets. He got rid of Jalaj Saxena, Lendl Simmons and Aditya Tare, with all three batsmen dismissed while making room to target the off side. Saxena handed a low catch to short cover, Simmons missed completely and lost his off stump and Tare looked to cut late but the ball bounced a tad extra and took an edge to land in BJ Watling's gloves.
Boult then came back for his second spell to account for Ambati Rayudu and Mumbai were crumbling at 46 for 5. Outstanding fielding complemented the bowling, cutting off singles and not allowing Mumbai to rotate the strike under pressure.
Mumbai nearly tripled the score from there, in two stages. Kieron Pollard and Harbhajan Singh stalled the fall of wickets for nearly five overs, and after Harbhajan fell for 10, Pollard started the fightback by striking three boundaries to push the score to 89. Lasith Malinga then struck three fours and a six off successive deliveries, two of them off the edge, and Shreyas Gopal topped it by making room and collecting 16 from the last over to lift the total to 132.
Knights were hardly bothered in the chase, despite losing four wickets, as their openers put on a domineering stand of 83. Anton Devcich took charge initially and a calm Kane Williamson rotated the strike from the other end. They added 49 runs in the Powerplay, mostly striking the ball around the ground, finding gaps regularly, and converting the loose deliveries on offer.
Bowling changes after the Powerplay didn't help Mumbai, as Williamson chipped the ball into the gaps and used his feet against the spinners to accelerate. Devcich cashed in on the full tosses and short balls before he became the first of four batsmen to fall to soft dismissals, three of them popping catches to catching fielders in front of the wicket. But by the time Mumbai removed the openers, Knights needed only 30 from 43 balls and even though Watling gave his wicket away to fall for a duck, Styris came in and hit the winning runs with 16 balls to spare, after Daryl Mitchell had scored 15 off Malinga in the previous over.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

Time to worry about capexA K Bhattacharya: Time to worry about capex
A K Bhattacharya | New Delhi Sep 16, 2014 09:48 PM IST
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had surprised many experts and analysts by announcing in his Budget for 2014-15 that he would accept the fiscal deficit target of 4.1 per cent of gross domestic product or GDP for the current year. His predecessor, Palaniappan Chidambaram, had set that goal while he had presented the interim Budget in February. Given the Indian economy's need for an increased dose of capital investment to kick-start the manufacturing sector, even fiscal consolidation hawks had allowed Mr Jaitley the flexibility of running a slightly higher fiscal deficit than the 4.1 per cent Mr Chidambaram had fixed.
But Mr Jaitley baffled all of them by sticking to the same target and even committed himself to a fiscal consolidation path of 3.6 per cent of GDP in 2015-16 and further down to three per cent a year later. Referring to the current year's fiscal deficit target of 4.1 per cent (compared to 4.6 per cent achieved last year), Mr Jaitley said: "Difficult, as it may appear, I have decided to accept this target as a challenge." Not surprisingly, therefore, questions were also raised about the authenticity of the new numbers and the feasibility of their achievement. The obvious fear was that the healthy growth projected in tax and other revenue collections was an overestimation. And since every responsible finance ministers tries everything in the book to stick to the fiscal deficit target, failure to achieve the revenue numbers would naturally result in an unwelcome cut in capital expenditure. This is because there is very little room for downward adjustment in revenue expenditure.
Two months after the presentation of the Budget and almost half the year gone, Mr Jaitley may well find himself in an unusually comfortable situation as far as the prospects of meeting the 4.1 per cent fiscal deficit target are concerned. Not because tax revenues have been buoyant. On the contrary, there is a strong possibility of the government not achieving the 20 per cent growth in indirect tax collections. Even the 16 per cent growth estimated for direct tax collections could prove to be a stretch.
What could come to Mr Jaitley's rescue are a sharp uptick in non-tax revenue collections and unexpected savings in the government's revenue expenditure. The buoyant stock market (almost 50 per cent up in the last one year) has made it easy for the government to mobilise higher disinvestment proceeds than what was budgeted. Mr Jaitley and his team, too, should be complimented for the quick preparatory work they have done to launch the disinvestment plan. It is rare for any government to obtain its Cabinet's nod of approval for public-sector share sale within about two months of the Budget's presentation. This was good work done at commendable speed to take advantage of a rising market.
On the revenue expenditure side, the steady decline in crude oil price (from about $115 a barrel in June to $96 a barrel now) has had two positive implications. One, the government is likely save a few thousand crores from the oil subsidy allocations of around Rs 63,400 crore it had provided for in the Budget. Two, the steady decline in international crude oil prices has also given the government an opportunity to deregulate diesel prices and, as was done for petrol, spare the government of future subsidy burden on account of diesel. It is to be hoped that the government initiates the diesel price reform as soon as possible before international oil prices reverse direction.
The benefit on account of the food subsidy bill, too, will not be insignificant, going by the latest estimates. An estimated Rs 1.15 lakh crore had been provided to take care of the promised implementation of the national food security law. Thanks to a marked lack of preparedness on the part of many state governments to lift subsidised food grains under the food security law, the actual offtake will be much less than earlier expected. This, too, will give rise to savings of a few thousand crores of rupees from the food subsidy bill.
Those who might complain that these could be only one-off gains for the current year as the situation next year might be different should draw comfort from Mr Jaitley's prompt decision to set up the expenditure management commission headed by former Reserve Bank of India governor, Bimal Jalan. This, too, was a Budget announcement and the constitution of the commission has already taken place and it is holding regular meetings. The commission will give its first report by December and lay out a road map for reducing subsidies. Hopefully, the Budget for 2015-16 would implement some of the recommendations of the commission and improve upon the current year's expenditure gains in a more sustainable way.
The obvious temptation for Mr Jaitley would be to achieve a better fiscal deficit figure than what he had promised in July. But this is a temptation that he should avoid. If he can book some savings on account of lower revenue expenditure, he should reallocate them for some additional capital spending during the remaining months of the year. Mr Jaitley has done well by capping the growth in the government's overall revenue expenditure at around 12 per cent this year, the same increase that his predecessor had allowed in 2013-14. He has also provided for an 18 per cent increase in the government's capital expenditure in 2014-15, compared to a 14 per cent increase seen last year. It is now time for him to achieve an even higher increase in capital expenditure. Instead of opting for the thrill of a lower fiscal deficit, he has now an opportunity to focus on improving the quality of the government's fiscal consolidation and lay the foundation for sustained growth.

What India watches on TVVanita Kohli-Khandekar: What India watches on TV
Vanita Kohli-Khandekar |  Sep 16, 2014 09:46 PM IST
A new television rating system in the making will have more than 20,000 homes, against 9,650 currently, going to 50,000 in four years. It will use watermarking so that delayed viewing data or that across devices can be captured. It will also use an open source software so that the ramp up to 50,000 happens faster without the hassle of proprietary technology. The meters to measure viewership will be made in India with an Intel chip. And you could see the data live, if you wanted to, as a user.
Much of this will happen, sources say, at the same operating cost (Rs 100 crore or so) that current ratings agency TAM Media Research estimatedly spends. However, there is an additional capital cost of Rs 90-100 crore that broadcasters are spending in embedding their signals with the watermark. More than 250 channels, constituting roughly 90 per cent of the viewership on Indian television, have already made this investment, claims the Broadcast Audience Research Council (BARC). A channel that does not invest in watermarking will not be monitored and will, therefore, not show up in the ratings. Very few countries have used watermarking to measure TV viewing. It was rolled out in the US only last year. It is the single biggest difference between the older way of measuring ratings and this one. If it works, India could become a global case study on audience measurement methods and BARC would have fulfilled its objective as an industry body that set out to capture What India Watches, two years ago.
This and more was evident on Monday (September 15) in the ground floor room at the Indian Newspaper Society building in Delhi. Ironically, it was here in a newspaper industry building that BARC is holding the first in a series of interactive sessions across Indian cities on the new television rating system. The system, which will eventually decide the fate of the Rs 17,000 crore of ad money spent on television, was due on October 1. It is now delayed and BARC is chary of committing a date. The bets are it will be out by April 2015. The meters are currently being tested in rural areas, which is where roughly half of India's 160 million TV homes sit.
Shashi Sinha, the chairman of BARC's technical committee, is not even halfway through his presentation before he gets bombarded with questions. He remains unfazed as media buyers and advertisers start grilling him on the nitty-gritty of the new system. He along with BARC CEO Partho Dasgupta and Paritosh Joshi (the architect of the new rating system) answer every question openly. And if they do not know the answer - they say so.
This then is the first big lesson that BARC seems to have learnt from the troubles that the Indian Readership Survey (IRS) has been going through. The Media Research Users Council (MRUC), which owns the IRS, did not put in the same kind of work into involving and educating stakeholders on the new IRS, which came out in January this year. The result was a seven month stand-off, during which court cases happened and the data went through a massive revalidation. Newspaper publishers simply didn't know how to deal with a metric that was based on a new methodology, census and sample. In August this year, four industry bodies finally cleared the new IRS.
This puts BARC, which technically has nothing to do with readership, in a delicate position. Both the new IRS and the proposed TV rating system share several things. One, they use the same establishment survey or the universe from which the sample was chosen. BARC took the survey from MRUC and this has helped cut costs. So it had to wait till the IRS was cleared. This has led to the delay in the ratings data.
Two, they have more or less a common set of advertisers and media buyers.
Three, both have been through massive rehauls simultaneously over the last two years.
The sessions being held in Delhi, Mumbai, Bangalore and Chennai this week are a way to gently ease ad agencies, media buyers, advertisers and broadcasters into a basic understanding of what TV ratings in India will look like. Most of the questions that media buyers kept asking revolved around comparing the two ratings - and Sinha and his team kept emphasising they are not at all comparable. This message will take a long time to sink in, if the IRS experience is anything to go by.
They are not comparable for several reasons. The BARC sample is twice the size of TAM's and includes rural India, Jammu & Kashmir and the north-east. The census it is based on is different and so is the demographic classification. BARC will be using the National Consumer Classification System instead of the socio-economic one. The whole process has been broken in to 12 parts and distributed among 26 vendors, all of this orchestrated by BARC, which is a joint venture between the Indian Broadcasting Foundation, Indian Society of Advertisers and Advertising Agencies Association of India. In the earlier system, the designing, roll-out and analysis was done by TAM, under the aegis of a somewhat defunct joint industry body.
Is this then the panacea that the Rs 42,000-crore Indian TV industry is looking for? Maybe not. A larger sample is not going to make everyone happy. Remember how upset broadcasters were when TAM increased its sample last year to include towns with a population of less than one lakh? Many large channels got pushed down the charts. And do niche channels really want to show advertisers how small the niches are in which they operate? As Oscar Wilde said, "When the gods want to punish us they answer our prayers."
Twitter: @vanitakohlik

Watchdog seeks to align pay with resultsSeptember 17, 2014 12:03 am
Need to keep talent not enough to justify big pay, says watchdog
By Harriet Agnew
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4f23ac7e-3db7-11e4-b782-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Golden age of tax planning under threatTaxing time ahead as offshore rules come under more scrutiny
By Vanessa Houlder
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2b4c7be8-f233-11e3-ac7a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Star spotting: Sonam  Fawad in Delhi; Soha  Arjun  Akshay step outentertainment
Star spotting: Sonam, Fawad in Delhi; Soha, Arjun, Akshay step out
'Khoobsurat' couple Sonam Kapoor and Fawad Khan were in the capital recently as they continued with their promotions for the forthcoming rom-com.
Fashionista Sonam Kapoor looked fabulous in a mutli-coloured high-waist skirt by Manish Arora and a crisp white Valentino shirt.
Sonam accessorised her look with colourful Aditi Bhatt earrings that definitely caught our attention.
Her onscreen 'Prince' Fawad complemented the beauty, looking sharp in a black blazer and faded denims.
Actress Kirron Kher, who plays Sonam's mother in 'Khoobsurat', joined the lead actors for the promotions.
Meanwhile, Akshay Kumar stepped out for the screening of Marathi film, ‘Tapal’. Seen here, Akshay meets director Laxman Utekar. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Arjun Kapoor was also spotted at the screening of ‘Tapal’. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Arjun is riding high on the success of his recently released quirky comedy, ‘Finding Fanny’. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Akshay Kumar poses for a picture along with director Laxman Utekar and lead actress Veena Jamkar. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
In another part of the city, actress Soha Ali Khan attended the launch of portal Saiffconnect. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
The actress was all decked up in a gold coloured kurta with red bottoms abd shimmery pumps. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Seen here, the actress who has been appointed as the brand ambassador, cuts the celebratory cake. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Related

Sensex  Nifty rebound in early trade on global cuesMarket Update: Sensex closes higher on hopes Fed will retain low rates
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 17, 2014  | 16:59 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Snapping a two-day downtrend, the benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex on Wednesday closed over 138 points up on the back of gains in IT, power and auto scrips amid positive global sentiments on hopes the US Federal Reserve would keep interest rates low for now.
The 30-share Sensex closed at 26,631.29 points, up by 138.78 points (or 0.52 per cent) over last close after rising to 26,682.64 intra-day.
In the previous two sessions, the index lost 568.53 points as foreign funds and retail investors pulled off cash off the table on fears the Fed will bring forward its timetable for hiking rates as the economy picks up speed. BSE barometer
The 50-share National Stock Exchange (NSE) Nifty also rose by 42.60 points, or 0.54 per cent to 7,975.50, ending two straights days of decline.
Global markets in Asia and Europe also rose on speculation China will give its banks some fresh loans.
"Speculation that Fed would maintain its interest rates low and boost growth for now and that China's central bank will provide the country's big banks with fresh loans, keep markets and commodities markets globally upbeat," said Rakesh Goyal, Senior Vice President, Bonanza Portfolio.
Stocks of IT companies that get more than 60 per cent of their revenue from the US led rebound on the exchanges as buying intensified.
Infosys gaines 2.29 per cent, TCS rose 1.31 per and Wipro was up 1.41 per cent.
Dr Reddy's surged 2.52 per cent, logging the best gains among the 30 Sensex scrips.
Other gainers which supported the 30-share BSE barometer were Tata Power, Tata Motors, Tata Steel, BHEL, Bajaj Auto, Maruti Suzuki, M&M, Hero MotoCorp, ITC, L&T and RIL.
On the other hand, 10 Sensex stocks ended down led by Cipla and Coal India.
With the improvement in the market's scenario, the mid-cap and small-cap indices also turned active with buying seen in several of its constituents. Mid-cap index was up 0.25 per cent and Smallcap rose 0.31 per cent.
Sectorwise, IT index outshined other sectors. The BSE IT sector index gained the most by rising 1.52 per cent, followed by Power sector index (up 1.35 per cent), Teck index (1.26 per cent), Auto index (1.02 per cent), Capital Goods index (0.81 per cent) and Realty index (0.51 per cent).
FMCG index (0.26 per cent), Healthcare index (0.28 per cent) and Oil & Gas index (0.21 per cent) and Metal index (0.27 per cent) also gained moderately.

All North-East capitals on railway in five years: GowdaThe third girder of the 4.95-km Bogibeel rail-cum-road bridge on the Brahmaputra near Dibrugarh, was launched last week. A national project, the bridge is being constructed by the railways. ( Source: Express photo )
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: September 17, 2014 11:59 am
Capitals of all the North-eastern states will be connected with railway services within the next five years, Union Railway Minister DV Sadananda Gowda announced on Wednesday. Currently only Guwahati, Itanagar (Naharlagun) and Agartala – the latter with a metre guage link – are on the railway map.
Interacting with the media after reviewing progress of as many as 34 ongoing railway projects, including 11 national projects, of Northeast Frontier Railway, Gowda also said that he would visit the Northeastern region once in, at present, six months to take stock of these projects.
The railway minister said the total anticipated cost of these 34 projects stood at Rs 53,522 crore, of which Rs 19,905 crore has been already spent as on March 31, 2014. These projects, he pointed out, included laying 1,757 km length of new railway lines, 2,448 km length of gauge conversion and 312 km length of track doubling. As on April 1, work of 1,545 km of new railway lines, 801 km of gauge conversion and 282 km of track doubling was pending, he informed.
Gowda also said that he had already announced a budgetary grant of Rs 5,742 crore for the Northeast projects for the current financial year, which was 54 per cent more than the previous year’s allocation. This would help expedite the ongoing projects, he added.
Expressing satisfaction with the current pace of work on these projects, Gowda said that chief ministers of the Northeastern states have been extending full cooperation in execution of these projects, apart from providing required security for the projects as well as for train services. His topmost priority was to meet the target dates of completion.
On the 4.95-km Bogibeel rail-cum-road bridge river Brahmaputra near Dibrugarh, Gowda said it would be completed by June, 2017. The project was sanctioned in 1996-97 and declared a national project in 2005-06. (ends)

JLR Launches Locally Produced Jaguar XJ 2.0 at Rs 93.24 LakhYou are here: Home Corporates
JLR Launches Locally Produced Jaguar XJ 2.0 at Rs 93.24 Lakh
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 17, 2014 00:25 (IST)
New Delhi: Tata Motors-owned Jaguar Land Rover (JLR) on Tuesday launched locally manufactured Jaguar XJ 2.0L.
The car is priced at Rs 93.24 lakh (ex-showroom Mumbai).
The petrol powered luxury saloon, which is being made at the company' Pune plant, comes after the successful launch of locally produced diesel-powered Jaguar XJ 3.0L earlier this year.
"We are excited to introduce the locally manufactured Jaguar with a 2.0L petrol engine, a first in its segment, at an attractive price point," JLR India vice president Rohit Suri said in a statement.
The recently launched XJ 3.0L Diesel received an overwhelming response from customers across India, he added.
"The introduction of the all-new 2.0L petrol engine is keeping in mind our endeavour to broaden the appeal of this fabulous car to customers who are more inclined towards driving a car with a powerful petrol engine at its heart," Mr Suri said.
The car comes with various luxury features including electrically adjustable rear seats with massage function in three intensity settings, increased rear headroom and rear seat entertainment.
Story first published on: September 16, 2014 23:29 (IST)

The many layers of global insights contained in one Delhi club sandwichA humble barometer of price signals.(Reuters/Carlo Allegri)
SHARE
Shibaji Roychudhury, Scroll.in
September 17, 2014
Could the cost of a chicken, bacon, egg, lettuce and mayonnaise sandwich help you decide where you’re headed on your next holiday?
That’s what travel and hotel accommodation agency Hotels.com believes. Much like The Economist’s Big Mac Index which gauges the price of a McDonald’s hamburger around the world to estimate living costs,  Hotels.com has released a club sandwich index as a barometer of affordability for tourists.
“The Club Sandwich Index offers travellers a simple price comparison to show how far their money may stretch in each country, using the most common item on any hotel menu,” said Hotels.com spokesperson Alison Couper. “The majority of countries continued to display a decline in the price of a club sandwich, which is great news for travellers who will get more for their money abroad.”
Share
Tap image to zoom
According to the index, New Delhi has the cheapest club sandwich at £5.24 (Rs 524). Geneva is the most expensive city in the world for the same snack.  Ordering one in this Swiss city would cost you £19.46 (Rs 1,946).
Share
Tap image to zoom
This is the second year in a row that Geneva has served up the most expensive club sandwiches. In the Swiss city, prices for the sandwich ranged between £9.17 (Rs 917) in one three-star establishment and £25.82 (Rs 2,582) in one five-star hotel . The second spot was held by Paris, with an average price of £17.53 (Rs 1,753) for a sandwich followed by Helsinki at £14.54 (Rs 1,454).
Though Spain, Brazil, Syndey and even the US aren’t exactly cheap, they didn’t make it to the top 10 most expensive club sandwich destinations. Meanwhile, Thailand, Argentina and Mexico were closer to New Delhi with their price range.
The index calculates an average price paid by guests for a club sandwich in 30 hotels in either the capital or an important tourist city in the 28 countries surveyed, across three-, four-and five-star categories.  In total, 840 hotels around the world were canvassed.
Hotel room tariff
Though Geneva has the most expensive club sandwiches, when it comes to luxury hotel rooms, New York leads the race. The average price in the US city is Rs 15,690 for a night. It is closely followed by London at Rs 15,510.
Venice (Rs 14,530), Zurich (Rs 13,254) and Paris (Rs 13,085) complete the list of the top five most expensive hotel rooms worldwide, according to Hotels.com data for 2013.
Share
Tap image to zoom
Closer home, the average tariff for a hotel room in Shanghai is Rs 6,461 lower than even Mumbai, which clocks in at Rs 6,580.
Share
Tap image to zoom
Confirming the view that Goa offers an economical holiday, luxury rooms in the state have an average tariff of Rs 5,385 a night, lower than Delhi and Kolkata. The only destinations cheaper than Goa, according to Hotels.com, are Bangkok at Rs 5,152 and Pattaya at Rs 4,157.
And for backpackers…
If luxury is not your style and you prefer a cost-efficient trip, the Backpacker Index 2014 by priceoftravel.com will help.
Share
Tap image to zoom
According to this index, Pokhara in Nepal is the cheapest destination. A backpacker could arrange board, lodging and travel for an average price of Rs 875 a day. It is closely followed by Hanoi in Vietnam (Rs 970). Chiang Mai in Thailand (Rs 1,079) and Goa (Rs 1,115).
Share
Tap image to zoom
But even backpacking trips across Europe and North America aren’t exactly cheap. Travellers have to spend Rs 7,454 a day on average in Zurich, Switzerland, making it the most expensive venue for backpacking trips. Stockholm in Sweden (Rs 6,724) and Oslo in Norway (Rs 6,409) are in second and third position.
This story was first published in Scroll .
This article is a part of Quartz India. For more, follow this link.
Share this:

India has 100 billionaires; 6th largest population globally  says Wealth-X  UBS censusE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

The price of silence at the top: Modi s dilemmaSreenivasan Jain| The price of silence at the top: Modi's dilemma
Sreenivasan Jain |  Sep 17, 2014 10:00 AM IST
By the time this column goes to print, we will be five days past an impassioned demand by Fali Nariman, in a speech before the National Commission for Minorities, for those at the top (of this government and the ruling party) to speak up against the "recurrent instances of religious tension fanned by fanaticism and hate-speeches", which are straining the "the Hindu tradition of tolerance". Actually, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) brass - barring, notably, the prime minister - hasn't been entirely silent during this season of intemperance. Last week, the BJP president told the Economic Times that "love jihad" was simultaneously a "media creation" and a "grave social problem". A day later, the home minister in response to a question at a press conference, said: "What is this (love jihad)? Can you define it?" keeping alive the pot of ambiguity around a subject that deserves nothing less than unqualified debunking.
By contrast, the only decisive intervention on the subject I have heard from anyone close to the ruling establishment is from Zafar Sareshwala, the Ahmedabad- and Mumbai-based businessman best known as the first staunch Muslim defender of Narendra Modi. Sareshwala called me last week after seeing our reports on the Sangh Parivar-driven anti-"love jihad" campaign in Western Uttar Pradesh, saying he was agitated by such communal nonsense (or words to that effect), which had "no place" in the agenda outlined by the prime minister. He said that the only reason why the BJP swept the 2014 polls was because liberal Hindus voted for Modi's pro-governance thrust, but that if the BJP goes back to regressive, polarising issues like "love jihad", they will abandon the party in droves. He would go on to make the same point on numerous TV panels in the course of the week.
Sareshwala is, of course, not a formal member of the BJP, but his proximity to Modi is so widely known that it is sometimes assumed that on occasion he speaks with Modi's sanction. Not entirely, it appears, in this case. In our conversation, Sareshwala said he had raised these concerns with the prime minister on the Japan trip, where he had travelled as part of the business delegation. He claimed Modi expressed distaste at the Adityanath brand of politics. When I called him a few days later to clarify the prime minister's exact words on the subject, Sareshwala said he had, not, in fact, directly broached the issue on the Japan trip. He said he brought up hate-mongering by the likes of the BJP's Giriraj Singh during the 2014 Lok Sabha campaign, asking Modi if he, Sareshwala, could "hammer these fellows" in public debates. (Singh, the BJP candidate from Bihar had urged Modi critics to "go to Pakistan".) Modi apparently gave him the go-ahead, even urging Sareshwala to ascribe the disapproval to him. "Look at where all of them are now", said Sareshwala. "Where is Giriraj Singh? Where is Subramanian Swamy? Where is Pravin Togadia (the Vishva Hindu Parishad or VHP firebrand from Gujarat)? If the media ignores the likes of Yogi Adityanath, (the BJP's MP from Gorakhpur who now faces an Election Commission-ordered FIR for his incendiary comments), they will vanish from the scene, just as Modi has silenced other extremists in the past."
I put it to him that the media, in fact, rarely gave airtime to Adityanath until the BJP high command made him one of the party's lead campaigners for the recently concluded Uttar Pradesh by-polls, just as the party has chosen to reward riot-accused MLAs and MPs. For instance, Sanjeev Baliyan, the Muzaffarnagar MP is the junior agriculture minister in Modi's Cabinet. It was hardly possible that the prime minister would be unaware of these decisions or their repercussions, especially when linked to as politically sensitive a region as Uttar Pradesh. As for the Togadia analogy, I reminded Sareshwala that the VHP firebrand was only rendered irrelevant after a very clear, concerted signal from Modi as chief minister.
And yet, Sareshwala (understandably, given where his loyalties lie) ring-fenced the prime minister from responsibility, claiming that a section of the BJP continued to work against Modi, and was intent on pulling him down. But he did concede that if the Big Man did not step in soon, things will unravel. This sentiment was expressed with a certain pragmatism that perhaps might speak to those currently in power more than the moral imperative of tolerance outlined in the Nariman speech. As Sareshwala put it: "Why do you think Modi held Vibrant Gujarat immediately after the 2002 riots? Yes, a lot of damage was done to Muslims during the riots (Sareshwala's family-run factory, manufacturing industrial valves, was burnt down). But the longer-term impact was on Hindu-run businesses. Not a single businessman wanted to come to Gujarat."
The same, he warned, will happen to India's biggest state if the Adityanath's are not reined in. "Do you think Adani or Ambani will ever put up a plant in Uttar Pradesh? They will run away."
The writer anchors the ground reportage show Truth vs Hype on NDTV 24X7

Cairn makes 3 more oil discoveries in RajasthanCairn India makes 3 more oil discoveries in Rajasthan
PTI Sep 17, 2014, 01.45PM IST
Tags:
Barmer hill
(Exploration well DP-1 has…)
NEW DELHI: Cairn India today said it has made three new oil discoveries in its Rajasthan block, taking the total number of finds in the prolific block to 36.
The discoveries in the Barmer basin Block RJ-ON-90/1 "further exemplifies the capabilities of Cairn's exploration team operating in this prolific onshore block," the company said in a statement here.
Exploration well DP-1 has encountered 70 meter gross oil bearing interval in the Barmer Hill formation. The well has been fracced and tested, flowing oil at the rate of 120 barrels per day.
The DP structure is located 6 km north-west of the producing Mangala field and has an aerial extent of 21 square kilometre.
"This is a significant discovery, in view of its proximity to the Mangala oil field and fast-track appraisal is planned to facilitate rapid commercialisation of this discovery," it said.
Further, exploration well Saraswati SW-1 tested in a Mesozoic sand interval and flowed oil at the rate of 248 bpd.
Well Aishwariya-46 flowed oil at the rate of 182 bpd in Dharv Dungar formation, making it the 36th discovery in the block.
Cairn said its board of directors have also declared an interim cash dividend of Rs 5 per equity share. The dividend payout, nearly two-third of which will flow to its promoter Vedanta Group, will be a total of Rs 1,097 crore, including dividend distribution tax of Rs 159 crore.
Sudhir Mathur , Interim CEO, Cairn India said: "The objective of our dividend policy is to continuously enhance value to our shareholders. In line with this policy, we are delighted to announce an interim dividend of Rs 5 per share."
FEATURED ARTICLES

How Fed rate hike will impact D-St; BofA says it s a positiveHow US Fed rate hike will impact Indian markets; BofA says it's a positive
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 17, 2014, 02.10PM IST
Tags:
ArthVeda Fund Management Pvt
(Along with the policy statement,…)
NEW DELHI: As the world awaits the outcome of the two-day policy meeting of the US Federal Reserve later on Wednesday, most analysts hold the view that even if the Fed decides to raise interest rates sooner than expected, it will be less disastrous for India than the other emerging markets.
The FOMC should taper by another $10-15 billion from its bond purchase programme, but more importantly the central bank is expected to provide guidance on the timing for its first rate rise, say analysts.
Along with the policy statement, the Fed will lay out new economic and interest rate projections that will extend out to 2017 for the first time, Reuters reported.
The rate projections - or 'dots chart' - show where individual Fed officials think rates should be at the end of each year.
"We hold the contrarian view that Fed tightening is a long-run positive, although EMs could well see one round of sell off in the coming months," said Indranil Sengupta , India chief economist , Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
"We expect softer oil prices and sufficient forex reserves to keep Fragile Five fears at bay for India in the event of a sell-off, although India's BoP indicators still trail other BRICs. Fed tapering is also pulling down oil prices below US$100/bbl from US$118/bbl when INR crossed Rs68/USD last year," he added.
Fed Chair Janet Yellen's press conference will set the tone for the market reaction, say analysts. Additionally, the US central bank is expected to modify the July statement to say that rate hikes are to be expected after 'considerable economic improvement' from 'considerable time'. They have recently advanced the first rate hike to June from September.
FII flows are driven by interest rates movement in the US and other developed economies. Also, asset price movements in those economies also impact global flows.
No doubt, to that extent India is vulnerable and if there is a selloff in global equities or emerging markets, then we will not be spared. "However, the decline may be less than other markets. Nonetheless, there will be a negative effect. India cannot escape a 'risk off' trade," said Dipan Mehta, Member, BSE and NSE.
"Since the new government formation, international events are having a less of an impact as investors focus on government steps to revive the economy and the RBI moves based on macro data such as inflation , GDP growth rates, IIP etc.," he added.
How would India benefit?
It would be any time before the second half of 2015 when the Fed will start to increase interest rate. A higher US interest rate or expectation of that will definitely have some impact on emerging markets in the form of capital outflows. So, yes, we may see some correction in emerging markets.
"Now for India, the economic situation is much better than it was 2-3 quarters ago. India has taken some of the major steps compared to its EM peers to control currency movement and increase foreign exchange reserves ," said Sutapa Roy, Research Analyst-Economy at Microsec Capital Ltd.
"Only in recent past the Indian market hit an all-time high. So corrections will definitely be there, but not as much as we saw in 2013 as fundamentals are better now," he added.
Roy is of the view that India has already outperformed the other markets in the recent past and after corrections, it will definitely attract some fresh capital.
Although it will take the US Fed some time to shift from its zero interest rate policy, but if they do that, there may be a kneejerk reaction wherein some hot money may try to get out.
"On a totality basis, India is possibly the only market in the emerging market basket, where a 15 per cent to 20 per cent earnings growth is reasonable to expect and the economy recovery looks robust with GDP move from 5 per cent to 7.5 per cent in three to five years' time being almost a surety," said Vikram Kotak , CEO & MD, Asset & Wealth Management, Fortune Financial Services
"There are a lot of positives for India right now than the negatives. However, you might see some healthy corrections coming in when the markets start consolidating again," he added.
The overall trend of the market looks quite positive and given the fact that the markets have run up in the last three to four months, a correction is indeed healthy as it will give opportunity for fresh investments.
"The US FOMC meet could provide the much-needed correction and about 5 per cent to 10 per cent correction at the index level in any market is part of the bull market story," said Hemang Jani, Senior Vice President, Sharekhan.
"I am not really perturbed by this. In fact, this would be a great opportunity for a large number of retail investors who have not been able to participate to the extent they would have wished. So it is a great welcome sign for the investors," he added.
Why would the US Fed rate hike impact emerging markets?

Maneka Gandhi warns legal action to organisations which don t have sexual harassment committeesSep 17, 2014 at  04:53pm IST
Maneka Gandhi warns legal action to organisations which don't have sexual harassment committees
10
0
New Delhi: Union Women and Child Development Minister Maneka Gandhi on Wednesday warned legal action to organisations which did not have sexual harassment committees.
The remarks came in the wake of a number of organisations where in spite of Vishakha Guidelines do not have these committees.
The Vishakha guidelines, as laid down by the Supreme Court, mandates all companies to set up Complaints Committee within the organisation to look into such offence. The Complaints Committee should be headed by a woman and not less than half of its member should be women.
more »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Xi Jinping sees  factory  China and  back office  India as global engineSep 17, 2014 at 01:15pm IST
Xi Jinping sees 'factory' China and 'back office' India as global engine
24
0
Ahmedabad: A combination the "world's factory" and the "world's back office" will drive global economic growth, Chinese President Xi Jinping said ahead of a rare visit to India on Wednesday, playing down mistrust that has kept the Asian giants apart. India's new Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, is determined to build closer relations with the world's second-largest economy, whose leader arrives on Modi's 64th birthday and comes with pledges to invest billions of dollars in railways, industrial parks and roads.
"As the two engines of the Asian economy, we need to become cooperation partners spearheading growth," Xi wrote in a column in The Hindu newspaper. He said China's strong manufacturing base and India's software and scientific skills had massive potential both as a production base and for creating a consumer market.
Modi is seeking more access for India's IT services and pharmaceuticals to China to help balance $65 billion in annual trade that is heavily tilted in China's favour. They may also discuss working together on civilian nuclear programmes and seek a solution for a long-running travel visa row, Indian officials said.
A combination the "world's factory" and the "world's back office" will drive global economic growth, Chinese President Xi Jinping said.
#xi jinping #china #india #narendra modi
Modi hopes the leaders of the world's two most populous nations will establish a personal rapport to match the warmth he shares with Japanese Prime Minister Abe, who wished him happy returns in a phone call on Wednesday morning, Indian media reported.
But beyond the smiles and the commercial embrace, ties between nuclear-armed India and China are marked by competition for energy and regional clout as well as a festering border dispute that led to a brief war 52 years ago. Even as officials rolled out red carpets for Xi in Gujarat's main city, Ahmedabad, friction emerged over a Himalayan border incursion and a pact between India and Vietnam to explore for oil and gas in parts of the South China Sea claimed by Beijing.
In his column, Xi said the two sides were "properly managing problems and differences" and that they shared one of the most dynamic and promising bilateral relations of the 21st century.
In one sign that India wants the Xi visit to be a success, New Delhi asked the Tibetan spiritual leader, the Dalai Lama, to reschedule an event in the capital so that it would not clash with the Chinese President's trip there on Friday.
The Dalai Lama, whom Beijing labels a separatist seeking an independent Tibet, has lived in India since fleeing across the Himalayas after a failed uprising against Chinese rule of his homeland in 1959. Police detained a small group of Tibetan protesters from outside China's embassy in Delhi on Wednesday.
Modi's "intensive" foreign policy
In a little more than 100 days since he came to power, Modi has engaged in what his government describes as "an intensive state of global engagement", reaching out to smaller neighbours and clasping Japan's Abe in a bear hug on his first major trip outside South Asia. He is due to visit Washington and New York at the end of the month.
India has taken a tougher stance on Beijing's practice of issuing stapled, rather than printed, visas to Indian citizens from the disputed regions of Arunachal Pradesh and Ladakh. Foreign Minister Sushma Swaraj told her Chinese counterpart she expected China to accept a "one India policy."
"When they raised with us the issue of Tibet and Taiwan, we appreciated their sensitivities. So we also want that they should understand and appreciate our sensitivities regarding Arunachal," she told reporters earlier this month.
India said on Tuesday it would firmly defend its 3,500-km (2,200-mile) border with China after domestic media reported a new face-off on the frontier. "The two ... have the opportunity to craft a new kind of relationship between great powers that is very different from the Western-dominated, post-World War Two model of great power ties," said Jabin Jacob of the Institute of Chinese Studies in New Delhi.
"It remains to be seen, however, whether Modi and Xi can together summon the vision and statesmanship needed to grab the opportunity," he wrote in a commentary before the visit.
Modi is not the only regional leader seeking strategic influence, defence partners and economic opportunities. Earlier this month, Abe visited Bangladesh and Sri Lanka, asserting Tokyo's interest in a region where it has ceded influence to China.
Xi followed this week with trips to the Maldives, the Indian Ocean island nation that New Delhi has long considered its area of influence, and Sri Lanka, where the two sides built on a blossoming relationship by agreeing to launch negotiations for a free trade agreement.
178

Sony forecasts $2 bn loss | To lay-off 15% i...Sony to cut 15 per cent of mobile unit staff this fiscal year, says CEO
By Reuters | 17 Sep, 2014, 02.21PM IST
Sony Corp Chief Executive Kazuo Hirai said his company would cut 15 per cent of the staff in its mobile unit. (Source: EPA Photo)
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
TOKYO: Sony Corp Chief Executive Kazuo Hirai said on Wednesday his company would cut 15 per cent of the staff in its mobile unit in the current fiscal year ending in March 2015.
Hirai, speaking to reporters, said Sony had aimed to expand the mobile division, but was now revising its strategy.
Earlier on Wednesday, Sony deepened its net loss estimate to $2.1 billion and said it would not pay a dividend this fiscal year for the first time since it listed in 1958, stung by an impairment charge for its struggling smartphone division.

EPFO chief Jalan urges green light to buy stocksEPFO chief Jalan urges green light to buy stocks
Reuters | New Delhi Sep 17, 2014 02:30 PM IST
The head of the Employees' Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO) says it has "no option" but to change its rules and put money into riskier investments by buying stocks for the first time to seek higher returns.
K K Jalan, chief of the EPFO, said that to get better returns, the fund with about $125 billion in assets needs to diversify investments, the bulk of which are in government debt.
"The way our fund size is increasing, and the way it is bound to increase, there is no other option," Jalan told Reuters in an interview.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government also wants the 80 million-member EPFO, the world's ninth largest by assets in 2012, to invest in stocks, which could support the buoyant Indian markets.
The Nifty has been a star performer so far in 2014, rising more than 26%.
But EPFO's 43-member investment committee has blocked share-purchases. Last month, it rejected a finance ministry proposal to invest at least 5% of assets in stocks, saying this would expose workers' savings to volatility.
Jalan did not say how he planned to overcome the opposition, but said change was inevitable at a time when bond yields are down due to lower inflation.
"If you do not have a debt market, what will you do?" he said. "It is just a matter of time ... before we consider other options."
The fund now invests nearly 70% of its annual accruals of about Rs 70,000 crore ($11.5 billion) in federal and state government bonds, through the State Bank of India, ICICI Securities
, HSBC
and Reliance Capital as its portfolio managers.
DECLINING RETURNS
It invests about 5% of its assets in AAA-rated corporate debt and a quarter in paper issued by state-run companies.
EPFO, funded by payroll contributions, holds 69% of its assets in its provident fund. Another 29% is invested in its $33 billion pension fund and the rest in a life insurance fund.
In the past year, EPFO has seen a decline in returns of about one percentage point. In the fiscal year ended in March, EPFO declared a return of 8.75% to members. By comparison, the giant California State Teachers' Retirement System, the second-largest US pension fund, in the 2013-2014 fiscal year had an 18.7% return.
Adding to pressure on the Indian fund to reform and perform better, Modi has promised to increase social security benefits for employees and to set a minimum pension of Rs 1,000 a month ($16). Current pensions can be as low as $3 a month.
Modi's government, elected in May, has made it compulsory for companies and workers earning up to Rs 15,000 a month to contribute to the fund - which could add five million members.
RECORD-KEEPING PROBLEMS
Even before a surge, poor past record-keeping means EPFO is having a hard time tracking people entitled to payments, according to Jalan.
He said EPFO did not have an adequate database of beneficiaries, raising worries about the level of its future liabilities.
"It is a serious issue. Data should be correct even to a single person," he said adding the pension fund faced a deficit of $1.6 billion in 2012-13, but that with enrolment of new members the situation would improve.
Membership expansion would increase EPFO's annual accruals by 25-30% to nearly Rs 1 trillion, said Jalan.
An internal report last year recommended that either the government make a one-off contribution of Rs 41,100 crore or raise the retirement age for employees to start getting benefits.
Jalan, who did not comment on the report, said 35 million people were contributing to the pension programme but up to 80 million could be eligible to draw from it.
(1 US dollar = 61.0900 rupees)
 

Eva Mendes  Ryan Gosling welcome babygirlPrint
The news of Mendes' pregnancy first broke in July. (Source: AP)
Press Trust of India | Los Angeles | Posted: September 17, 2014 3:16 pm | Updated: September 17, 2014 3:24 pm
Actress Eva Mendes has welcomed a baby girl with actor boyfriend Ryan Gosling.
The 40-year-old actress gave birth to the couple’s first child in Los Angeles, reported E! Online.
The news of Mendes’ pregnancy first broke in July, which claimed she was seven months pregnant.
The ‘Place Beyond the Pines’ star had been able to keep her baby bump under wraps by not being photographed for more than three months at the time, and sticking to loose-fitting and patterned clothing.

Linked to Saradha scam  Assam ex-DGP Shankar Barua commitssuicidePrint
Assam Police director-general Shankar Barua committed suicide on Wednesday. (Source: Dasarath Deka)
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: September 17, 2014 3:04 pm | Updated: September 17, 2014 9:39 pm
Former Assam DGP Shankar Barua shot himself to death on Wednesday, 20 days after the CBI searched his residence in connection with the multi-crore Saradha chit fund scam.
ALSO READ:  Assam ex-DGP Barua was an upright officer: Tarun Gogoi
Barua shot himself with his personal licenced revolver on the terrace of his two-storeyed house at Barowari in Uzanbazar, a posh locality in Guwahati. He was taken to a private hospital nearby where doctors declared him as ‘brought dead’. A post-mortem examination conducted at the GMC Hospital here found that the bullet, fired from point-blank range, had pierced the right temple.
Sources close to the family said Barua was suffering from depression since the CBI raided his house and had to be hospitalised twice.
Guwahati City SSP A P Tiwari said Barua shot himself around 12.30 pm, one hour after he was released from a hospital where he was admitted three days ago.
ALSO READ:  Houses of Assam ex-ministers among 12 premises raided
A 1974-batch IPS officer who served as DGP from July 2009 to January 2012, Barua came under the CBI scanner after the main accused in the Saradha scam, Sudipta Sen, named him during interrogation. Sen is alleged to have told interrogators that he used to pay Barua regularly for giving his business “legal protection in an illegal way”.
Following this, the CBI raided Barua’s house on August 28. The CBI also examined Barua’s bank account and locker at the SBI Chenikuthi branch.
ALSO READ:  Named as Saradha beneficiary, Didi’s brother says ‘canards’
A senior CBI official said, “We had evidence against him which led a search operation at his residence. However, we were yet to interrogate him. We were examining other people from Assam in connection with the scam. We were about to summon him. But before that he committed suicide.”
Sources said after being released from Downtown Hospital around 11. 30 am, Barua first went home. From there he went to the SBI branch across the road at Uzanbazar and reportedly changed nominees for his account. Then he returned home and shot himself.
Sources said Barua had come to know that he might be summoned soon by the CBI. He was disturbed after former Bengal DG of armed police Rajat Majumdar, who was summoned for interrogation for the second time by CBI, was arrested last week.
On September 12, the CBI had arrested Barua’s close friend and well-known Guwahati-based filmmaker and singer Sadananda Gogoi in connection with the scam. Gogoi had allegedly introduced Sudipta Sen to several influential persons in Assam, Barua.
Son of former Assam IGP Bhabani Barua, the former DGP was among five persons whose properties were searched by the CBI connection with the Saradha scam on August 28. The others included former Assam health minister Himanta Biswa Sarma, senior Congress MLA Anjan Dutta, managing director of the now defunct Frontier TV Manoranjana continued…

I waited three years for Hrithik Roshan: Asutosh Gowariker on MohenjoDaro'Mohenjo Daro', a love story set during the Indus Valley civilisation, is jointly produced by Disney and Gowariker, who is also directing the film.
Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: September 17, 2014 2:59 pm | Updated: September 17, 2014 4:00 pm
Noted filmmaker Ashutosh Gowariker, who is all set to team up with Hrithik Roshan again in next project ‘ Mohenjo Daro ‘, says the superstar took three years to say yes for the period drama.
‘Mohenjo Daro’, a love story set during the Indus Valley civilisation, is jointly produced by Disney and Gowariker, who is also directing the film.
“It’s an individual choice, interest and ability to stay interested and keep pursuing. For me ‘Lagaan’ would have never happened without Aamir, similarly without Hrithik I could have never made ‘Jodha Akbar’.
“And also Mohan Bhargav (‘Swades’) would have never been possible without Shah Rukh Khan. The same was true for Abhishek as Surya Sen (Khelein Hum Jee Jaan Sey). So, for me it was natural that I waited three years for Hrithik to find time,” Gowariker said in a group interview here.
With the film, Gowariker is launching a new face, Pooja Hegde, as the female lead.
The 50-year-old director, who launched actresses like Gracy Singh and Gayatri Joshi through his films, said, “The character needed a new fresh face and that’s why Pooja came in.”
‘Mohenjo Daro’ is scheduled to go on floor in November this year. Currently the director is scouting the locations for the film.

Futures mixed as investors await Fed on ratesFutures mixed as investors await Fed on rates
By: William Cummings September 17, 2014 7:45 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Stock futures were mixed Wednesday as Wall Street investors remain focused on Janet Yellen ahead of the Federal Reserve chair’s announcement Wednesday afternoon of the results of the Fed’s two-day September meeting.
Here is where stock stood ahead of the opening bell (last updated 7:45 a.m.):
Dow: + 0.04%
S&P 500: + 0.01%
Nasdaq: – 0.07%
Asian markets were mixed, with Japan’s Nikkei 225 losing 22.86 points, or 0.1%, to close at 15,888.67 while Hong Kong’s Hang Seng index climbed 240.4 points, or 1%, to 24,376.41 and the Shanghai Composite gained 11.34 points, or 0.5%, to 2307.89.
European markets were mostly higher as  Germany’s DAX rose 0.4% and France’s CAC 40 gained 0.7%. Britain’s FTSE 100 was flat ahead of Thursday’s Scotland vote for independence.

Five reasons Nifty is not hitting new highsFive reasons Nifty is not hitting new highs
CCI drops case against Ford India  authorised dealerCCI drops case against Ford India  authorised dealer
Advani new chairman of Lok Sabha s Ethics CommitteeAdvani new chairman of Lok Sabha s Ethics Committee
Nearly 50 killed in Syrian airstrikesNearly 50 killed in Syrian airstrikes
Rise96 can u hear me.oh my god.Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

I was also surprised by the speed @ which it was moving. after i...17-Sep-2014 15:07:39   NBCC   -   -   54,858.59 Profit:Broker Trn.  -   20140917N100033530  NSE  Rolling  2014176
17-Sep-2014 15:07:39   NBCC   -   -   6,010.65 Profit:Broker Trn.  -   20140917N100033530  NSE  Rolling  2014176
17-Sep-2014 15:07:39 NBCC   -   -   152.55 Profit:Broker Trn.  -   20140917N100033530  NSE  Rolling  2014176
17-Sep-2014 15:12:53   NBCC   -   -   32,510.89 Profit:Broker Trn.  -   20140917N100036825  NSE  Rolling  2014176
17-Sep-2014 15:19:49   NBCC   -   -   870.33 Profit:Broker Trn.  -   20140917N100037845  NSE  Rolling  2014176
17-Sep-2014 15:19:49   NBCC   -   -   2,639.99 Profit:Broker Trn.  -   20140917N100037845  NSE  Rolling  2014176
17-Sep-2014 15:19:49   NBCC   -   -   1,450.54 Profit:Broker Trn.  -   20140917N100037845  NSE  Rolling  2014176
17-Sep-2014 15:19:49   NBCC   -   -   3,729.51 Profit:Broker Trn.  -   20140917N100037845  NSE  Rolling
4.07 PM Sep 17th

Chinese President Xi Jinping arrives in GujaratChinese President Xi Jinping arrives in Gujarat on a three-day India visit
Virendra Pandit
Tweet
Reuters Prime Minister Narendra Modi (R) and China's President Xi Jinping wave before their meeting in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, on September 17, 2014.
PTI Prime Minister Narendra Modi greets Chinese President Xi Jinping and First Lady of China, Peng Liyuan upon their arrival at the Hotel Hyatt in Ahmedabad on Wednesday.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi greets Chinese President Xi Jinping and First Lady of China, Peng Liyuan upon their arrival at the Hotel Hyatt in Ahmedabad on Wednesday.
Bilateral relations expected to hit a new high
Ahmedabad, Sept 17:  
Chinese President Xi Jinping arrived here on Wednesday afternoon to a red-carpet welcome, commencing his much-awaited, three-day India visit that is expected to take bilateral relations to a new high and usher in a new century of mutual cooperation and growth in Asia
The Chinese President is visiting India amid tension on the Sino-India borders. The old slogan ‘Hindi-Chini bhai bhai’ was perhaps re-chanted for the first time after 1962.
Meanwhile, the police briefly detained some Tibetan students of MS University in Vadodara who tried to protest against the Chinese President visit
Xi, accompanied by his singer wife Peng Liyuan, alighted from his Air China aircraft at the Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Airport at about 3 pm. Gujarat Governor Om Prakash Kohli and Chief Minister Anandiben Patel, among others, received the President in traditional Gujarati style, with folk artistes holding colourful umbrellas giving a brief performance near the tarmac.
After inspecting a guard of honour, Xi and his 130-strong entourage left for Hotel Hyatt. The entire 18-km-long route was decorated with festoons and flags of the two countries while large hoardings and curtains kept the slum areas hidden.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who was earlier greeted by Xi Jinping on his 64th birthday, received the Chinese President at the Hotel at about 3.40 pm. Leading industrialists, including Gautam Adani, Karnsanbhai Patel (Nirma) and others, also welcomed their counterparts in the visiting delegation.
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

Bajaj Auto donates Rs 20 cr for J&K flood reliefBajaj Auto donates Rs 20 cr for J&K flood relief
Alka Kshirsagar
Tweet
Pune, Sept 17:  
Pune-based automaker Bajaj Auto has announced a contribution of Rs 20 crore for the Prime Minister's National Relief Fund. The company has contributed this amount to provide relief efforts in the flood ravaged areas of Jammu & Kashmir.
“Jammu and Kashmir has seen unforeseen disaster and damage to property and infrastructure worth crores of rupees. We feel the grief of our fellow citizens in the State and they need our help at this critical time to come out of this tragedy and to rebuild their lives. Our Honourable Prime Minister Narendra Modi has made an appeal to all Indians to donate to the PM's National Relief Fund for the affected people in the region. We would like to join the Government's effort to help in relief operations in flood-ravaged Jammu & Kashmir and provide all support to the affected countrymen in the State,” Rahul Bajaj, Chairman, Bajaj Auto, said in a statement.
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

Kimberly-Clark Lever appoints MD for India operationsHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Kimberly-Clark Lever appoints MD for India operations
Alka Kshirsagar
Pune, Sept 17:  
Kimberly-Clark Lever has appointed Vikas Singh as Managing Director for India operations.
As Managing Director, Singh will head all corporate operations of Kimberly-Clark Lever, which markets the Huggies and Kotex brands in India.
He joins Kimberly-Clark Lever from Bharti Airtel Ltd where he was Hub Chief Executive Officer of Kerala and Tamil Nadu. Prior to this, Singh also held senior leadership roles at Hutch India, Avon Beauty Products Pvt Ltd and Gillette India.
“India is a priority market for Kimberly-Clark Corporation and we are pleased to have Vikas Singh lead Kimberly-Clark Lever,” Achal Agarwal, President, Asia-Pacific for Kimberly-Clark Corporation, said in a statement.
In India, Kimberly Clark is present as a 50:50 joint venture with Hindustan Unilever.
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

Sensex up 140 points; Fed  China stimulus hopes boost global marketsTweet
Mumbai, Sept 17:  
Sensex was up 139 points on the back of good demand for IT and capital goods stocks. The benchmark index opened on a positive note at 26,627 against the previous close of 26,493. It made a high of 26,683 and low of 26,512 before closing at 26,631.
The turnover on the BSE was down at Rs 3,898 crore against Rs 4,369 crore logged on Tuesday.
On the NSE, Nifty was up 43 per cent at 7,975.
Most cement stocks on the BSE gained on hopes that the demand will revive with the southwest monsoon receding slowly.
Among IT stocks, Infosys gained two per cent to Rs 3,740 as the company said during market hours that Japan’s leading retailer Muji has deployed its InteractEdge software which will provide superior shopping experience through real time insights into the buying behaviour of customers.
Tata Consultancy Services was up one per cent at Rs 2,588 while Wipro rose one per cent to Rs 567. Wipro said that the company's subsidiary Wipro Arabia has entered into a strategic partnership with Saudi-based Saudi Electricity Company, the largest power utility company in the Middle East serving about 5 million customers in Saudi Arabia. Tech Mahindra and HCL Techologies were up 0.24 per cent and one per cent at Rs 2,427 and Rs 1,626.
Capital goods stocks that gained include ABB (India) (up 6%), Bharat Heavy Electricals (up 2%), BEML (up 1%), Bharat Electronics (up 1.19%), Crompton Greaves (up 4%), L&T (up 0.25%), Punj Lloyd (up 0.26%) and Siemens (up 3%).
SAIL was down 2% to Rs 75.55 on unconfirmed news that the Government is likely to offer five per cent discount on stake sale slated between September 24 and 26.
Major gainers were Nalco (7%), ABB (6%), Pipava Dockyard (4%), Bajaj Fin Service (4%), Crompoten Greaves (4%), Infratel (4%), Andhra Bank (4%), J&K Bank (4%) and CESC (4%).
Prominent losers were Reliance Communication (-4%), Shriram City Union Finance (4%), IRB (-4%) and Indian Hotels (-3%).
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

CEO ITI Wealth Management P Ltd (formerly Sharyans Wealth Management P Ltd)Lancelot D Cunha, Chief Executive Officer at ITI Wealth Management P Ltd (formerly Sharyans Wealth Management P Ltd). Education: Institute of Chartered Accountants of India, Association of Financial Planners of India.
ABOUT Lancelot D Cunha
Lancelot D Cunha, Chief Executive Officer at ITI Wealth Management P Ltd (formerly Sharyans Wealth Management P Ltd). Education: Institute of Chartered Accountants of India, Association of Financial Planners of India.

Fortis Healthcare shares jump nearly 12%; hit 52-week highstocks
Shares of Fortis Healthcare surged nearly 12 per cent on Monday as the company said it will divest 100 per cent stake in healthcare service provider RadLink-Asia and its arm RadLink Singapore to Medi-Rad Associates for SGD 137 million (over Rs. 655 crore).
Stocks of the pharma firm gained 11.65 per cent to Rs. 136 — its 52-week high on the BSE.
At the NSE, it soared 11.56 per cent to touch its one-year peak of Rs. 136.
“Fortis Healthcare Singapore Pte Ltd., a subsidiary of Fortis Healthcare International Pte Ltd., one of our step-down subsidiaries in Singapore, announced its decision to divest 100 per cent shareholding in RadLink-Asia Pte Ltd and its subsidiaries, ‘RadLink’, Singapore to Medi-Rad Associates Ltd, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of IHH Healthcare Berhad, for SGD 137,000,000,” Fortis Healthcare had said in a statement on Friday.
The deal will be successfully closed following the necessary statutory and regulatory approvals as per local requirements, it had said.
RadLink is engaged in providing healthcare services, including outpatient diagnostic and molecular imaging services in Singapore, Fortis Healthcare had said.

Decision on Diesel Deregulation Likely After State Polls: ReportIndian Refiners Pay $400 million to Iran Under Interim Deal: Report
New Delhi: Government will decide on whether to end government control of diesel pricing after elections in two states next month, an oil ministry source said.
India currently controls prices with subsidies under a scheme originally intended to help the poor and rein in inflation, but local prices are now higher than global rates, making a case for a cut in retail prices.
"The diesel under-recovery (goal) has been wiped out and there is over-recovery of 0.35 rupees per litre (less than a cent) with effect from Sep. 16," a government statement said on Tuesday.
A rising subsidy bill and strained public finances in a sluggish economy forced the Cabinet in January 2013 to allow state retailers to marginally raise diesel prices each month.
"We tinker with diesel prices once a month...There is a case for a cut in diesel prices towards the end of the month but a decision is yet to be taken on that," the source with direct knowledge of the matter said. "Decision on diesel deregulation will be taken after state elections."
Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan on Monday said India should use this opportunity of easing global oil prices to eliminate diesel subsidies at the earliest.
Maharashtra and Haryana, will go to the polls on October 15. Under India's election rules the government cannot make any major policy decisions during an election campaign which may directly impact voters.
The oil ministry will have to seek a cabinet nod for deregulating diesel prices, two ministry sources said last month.
Government controls over pricing of liquefied petroleum gas, kerosene and diesel led to revenue losses at state fuel marketing companies - Indian Oil Corp, Bharat Petroleum Corp and Hindustan Petroleum Corp.
"For oil marketing companies, it is quite positive because 55 per cent of their sales are diesel and positive margins on diesel definitely helps their earnings," said Rohit Ahuja, Mumbai-based analyst at ICICI Securities.
State-run Oil and Natural Gas Corp, Oil India Ltd and GAIL (India) sell crude and related products at a hefty discount to partly compensate for losses of retailers, who also get some cash subsidies from the government.
Mr Ahuja said benefits for ONGC and Oil India would come with a lag as the government might look at easing their burden through a "subsidy sharing formula or a fixed number". Currently these companies' subsidy share varies from quarter to quarter.
Deregulation could bring the return of private firms such as Reliance Industries and Essar Oil to retail sales. Such companies do not receive government support for selling diesel at discounted rates and currently sell via state refiners despite having their own sales infrastructure.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

How to keep cold and flu away on wedding daylifestyle
How to keep cold and flu away on wedding day
Autumn weddings might be a rage right now, but the year end also brings along cold and flu. If you are one of those who gets sick easily, start with a prevention product to avoid ruining your wedding day.
Preparation: As the big day approaches, use a cold and flu prevention product that can be worn under make-up and catch and block airborne viruses from entering your nasal passages, preventing illness. (Source: Thinkstock Images)
Use disposable tissues: Always use disposable tissues, and not a fabric handkerchief which can harbour germs as the eyes are a magnet for germs. (Source: Thinkstock Images)
Wear gloves: Cold viruses can lie on the hands for up to an hour, so shaking hands with guests is an ideal way for them to transfer. Invest in some stylish gloves, which can be removed at the evening party once everyone has exchanged handshakes and congratulations. (Source: Thinkstock Images)
Beauty sleep: Pre-wedding nerves can be cause for a sleepless night before the big day, however sleep is key to giving your body the rest and rejuvenation it needs. Make sure that your pre-wedding plans don’t drag far into the eve before  your wedding day. (Source: Thinkstock Images)
Stay warm and cosy: If you are having photographs outside, then invest in a wrap or jacket to take with you. (Source: Thinkstock Images)
Related

Will make green norms for industries more stringentWill make green norms for industries more stringent, says Prakash Javadekar
IANS     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 16, 2014  | 19:55 IST
The government will make environment norms for industries more stringent, but at the same time these will be practical, Environment Minister Prakash Javadekar said on Tuesday.
The minister also emphasised balancing economy with growth, and said poverty is the "biggest polluter".
"A few days back we made environment norms for cement industry more stringent. We want to do the same for all other industries," Javadekar said, addressing a conference organised by industry lobby CII.
"However, the norms must be practical. If the industry wants three, it must be five, not ten... But whatever the norms are, compliance must be 100 percent," Javadekar said.
The minister added all stakeholders would be consulted in the process to ensure complete compliance once the norms are laid down.
Javadekar said untreated discharge in rivers is a major concern, specially in the Ganga, which the government has promised to clean.
"When we studied Ganga from source to where it merges in the sea, we found one-third of industrial waste and two-thirds of agricultural waste... and one-third of domestic waste was being discharged into the river untreated," he said.
The minister said that at least 40 industries along the Ganga have been closed down recently for non-compliance of environment norms. Another 146 industries have been given notice to comply with the norms by March 2015, he added.
He stressed on balancing growth with environment protection.
"Poverty is the biggest polluter. We cannot have sustainable development without eradicating poverty," said Javadekar.
Speaking earlier at Global Biodiversity Information Facility Governing Board's conference, Javadekar said India stood committed to developing "biodiversity informatics" as an essential element of India's economic, environment and social well-being.
"India is in the process of building a comprehensive and decentralized biodiversity information infrastructure to serve the national interests and to provide inter-operability with regional and global initiatives," said Javadekar.
The minister on Tuesday also met school children to mark International Ozone Day.

Hero MotoCorp to Set Up Manufacturing Plant in Andhra PradeshYou are here: Home Corporates
Hero MotoCorp to Set Up Manufacturing Plant in Andhra Pradesh
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 16, 2014 21:29 (IST)
Apple $450 Million E-book Settlement Gets Final Court Approval
Hyderabad: Hero MotoCorp on Tuesday entered into a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with the Andhra Pradesh government for setting up a two-wheeler manufacturing plant in Chittoor district.
Under the pact, the Delhi-based two-wheeler maker will invest Rs 1,600 crore on the main plant at Satyaveedu that will produce 1.8 million two wheelers in a phased manner.
Another Rs 1,500 crore will be invested on ancillary units, according to Hero general manager (corporate) Rakesh Vashisht.
The state government has allotted 600 acres of land to Hero for the plant and the allotment letter was handed over to Vashisht by Industries Principal Secretary J S V Prasad in the presence of Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu, Union Ministers P Ashok Gajapathi Raju (Civil Aviation) and Piyush Goyal (Power) and others in Hyderabad on Tuesday.
The Hero plant, the first major industrial unit to be announced in the residuary state, is expected to provide direct employment to 3,000 people and indirect employment to another 6,000.
Meanwhile, the Chief Minister handed over a provisional letter of allotment for 1,103 acres of land to DRDO for setting up a unit at SR Puram mandal, Chittoor district.
Details of the project were not announced but Mr Naidu said the premier defence organisation would invest Rs 600 crore in the project.
A provisional letter of allotment was also handed over to Society for Applied Microwave Electromagnetic Engineering and Research (Sameer), a government entity, for 13 acres at Gambheeram village in Visakhapatnam district.
Sameer will invest Rs 80 crore in the project, details of which were also not specified.
Story first published on: September 16, 2014 21:27 (IST)

The young and the old got a raise last year  but everyone else is stuckBy Jonnelle Marte September 16 Follow @jonnelle
Wages were flat for pretty much everyone last year with two exceptions: the young and the very old, the Census Bureau said Tuesday.
Teenagers and people in their early 20s saw the first increase in real median income since 2006, the Census Bureau in its annual release of data on income , poverty and health insurance. Income for households run by workers ages 15 to 24 increased by 10.5 percent to $34,311 in 2013 from $31,049 in 2012. Workers age 65 and up saw real median income grow by 3.7 percent to $35,611 from $34,340. For them, it was the first increase in real wages since 2009.
(Census Bureau)
Meanwhile, at $51, 939 the real median income for all households was pretty much unchanged in 2013, but at least it stopped falling .
That said, the households that saw an increase in income last year were the lowest paid. Young workers and workers older than 65 have historically had the lowest earnings when compared to other age groups. The highest paid? Workers from 45 to 54, who had median income of $67,141. Next up were households run by workers ages 35 to 44, which had real median income of $64,973.
It’s not clear why pay is increasing now for younger and older workers. Recent college graduates have had a better time landing jobs in recent years, but they  may be underemployed : more people with college degrees are getting jobs that don’t require them.
At the other end of the spectrum, the share of workers older than 65 who work full time is increasing, which could be contributing to their overall pay. People are more likely to work longer as lifespans increase, partly because they want to and partly because they could use the extra earnings, economists say. At the same time, the share of people in that age group who work part time is falling.
It’s not a huge surprise that wages are pretty much flat when compared to last year. Wage data analyzed by the Economic Policy Institute last month found that most workers are making less than they did before the recession started, after factoring in inflation.
Read more:

Battle heats up for control of Mangalore ChemicalsUpdated: September 16, 2014 23:46 IST
Battle heats up for control of Mangalore Chemicals
Lalatendu Mishra
business (general)
Minority shareholder asks SEBI to reconsider its permission granted to Zuari-UB combined open offer
The battle to control Vijay Mallya-led UB group’s Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers Ltd (MCF) has intensified with the Competition Commission of India (CII) clearing Zuari Fertilizer’s open offer to acquire additional 26 per cent stake in MCF at Rs.68.55 a share to counter Deepak Fertilizers and Petrochemicals Corporation’s (DFPCL) hostile bid to take over the company at Rs.63 a share.
Now that MCF shares are trading above Rs.70, both DFPCL and Zuari are likely to revise the open offer price. Officials involved in the counter offers said that discussions were on to increase the open offer price.
DFPCL was the first to make an open offer to acquire 26 per cent stake after it acquired 25.3 per cent stake in MCF from the open market in phases. Similarly, Zuari, which had also acquired above 16 per cent stake in MCF, was keen to increase its holding when MCF promoter Mr. Mallya decided to side with Zuari to ward off DFPCL’s bid.
Set for confrontation
Two Zuari companies of the Adventz group and three UB group companies are Persons Acting in Concert (PAC) in this open offer which has already received clearance from market regulator Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI).
Now the stage is set for open confrontation between the two sides to assume control of the company as more than 36 per cent of MCF shares are widely held.
Considering that MCF promoter and Chairman Mr. Mallya has been declared ‘wilful defaulter’ by Union Bank of India for not repaying loans advanced to Kingfisher Airlines, which has been contested by Mr Mallya, a minority shareholder Nagreeka Foils Ltd., which holds 3.5 lakh MCF shares, has written to SEBI asking it to reconsider its permission granted to the Zuari-UB combined open offer.
“As per the agreement reached between the Adventz group and the UB group, Mr Mallya is to continue to be Chairman for five years following the completion of the offer…the primary purpose of Zuari’s open offer is to acquire additional shares to enable Mr. Mallya to perpetuate control over MCF with the help of the Adventz group,” Nagreeka said in its letter.
Among others, Nagreeka has urged SEBI to unwind all contractual relationships with the Adventz group through which Mr. Mallya is acting as PAC and exercising control.

Leonardo DiCaprio adds Messenger of Peace to his resumeBy Helena Andrews September 16 Follow @helena_andrews
Leonardo DiCaprio at the State Department’s “Our Ocean” conference on Tuesday, June 17, 2014 in Washington, D.C. (AP Photo/Cliff Owen)
Ah, Leonardo DiCaprio. The critically acclaimed former child star who’s collected as many Oscar nods as he has supermodel girlfriends. The 39-year-old confirmed bachelor who  loves a good super yacht just about as much as he loves the ocean he’s partying on.
But whatever the seeming contradictions, DiCaprio is a man of conviction.
Case in point: The United Nations just named DiCaprio its latest “Messenger of Peace,” a hefty title that doesn’t come with a diamond tiara. (At least we don’t think it does.)
On Tuesday, U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said in a statement , “Mr. DiCaprio is a credible voice in the environmental movement, and has a considerable platform to amplify its message.” 
Messengers of Peace are tapped from the arts, entertainment and sports fields to use their high profiles and global connections to spread the U.N.’s message.
After pledging a total of $10 million to marine conservation efforts through the Leonardo DiCaprio Foundation, we’d say the “Wolf of Wall Street” star has more than proven his celebvocate cred.
“I feel a moral obligation to speak out at this key moment in human history – it is a moment for action,” said DiCaprio in the statement. “How we respond to the climate crisis in the coming years will likely determine the fate of humanity and our planet.”
Read more Reliable Source:

Wall St. climbs as expectations shift on Fed policyWall St. ends at records on central bank action
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
NASDAQ Financial Markets European Central Bank NYSE Euronext, Inc. GameStop Corp. Mario Draghi
By Ryan Vlastelica
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed higher on Friday, with major indexes notching a fifth straight weekly advance after China's central bank cut its benchmark interest rate and its euro zone peer announced asset purchases in efforts to boost each region's economy.
The gains were broad on a day when both the Dow and S&P 500 ended at closing records. All ten primary S&P 500 industry sectors ended the day higher, while 63 percent of stocks traded on the New York Stock Exchange closed in positive territory. About 50 percent of Nasdaq-listed names were higher on the day.
The People's Bank of China said it was cutting one-year benchmark lending rates for the first time in more than two years.
The move came after European Central Bank head Mario Draghi said "excessively low" inflation had to be raised quickly by whatever means necessary, rekindling expectations the ECB will move to stimulate the euro zone economy. The ECB said it started buying asset-backed securities to encourage banks to lend and revive the economy.
"It isn't the size of the moves but the shock value of the direction that is really lifting markets today," said Mark Luschini, chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott in Philadelphia, which manages about $67 billion in assets. "This is a one-two punch for global growth."
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 88.94 points, or 0.5 percent, to 17,807.94, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 10.7 points, or 0.52 percent, to 2,063.45 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.10 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,712.97.
Both the Dow and S&P ended at records. For the week, the Dow rose 1 percent, the S&P added 1.2 percent and the Nasdaq rose 0.5 percent. It was the fifth straight weekly advance for all three.
Gains in the Nasdaq were limited by declines in large-cap tech companies. Microsoft Corp  fell 1.5 percent to $47.97 while Netflix Inc  slid 2.1 percent to $360.28.
GameStop Corp  sank 13 percent to $37.86 a day after the video game retailer posted quarterly revenue and earnings well below expectations. The stock was the biggest decliner on the S&P 500.
The benchmark index's biggest gainers were Ross Stores  and Autodesk Inc , both of which rallied after results late Thursday. Ross jumped 7.3 percent to $89.27 while Autodesk was up 6.1 percent to $61.95.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 2,029 to 1,039, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,461 issues rose and 1,286 fell, for a 1.14-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 96 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 111 new highs and 44 new lows.
About 6.5 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data, above the month-to-date average of 6.35 billion.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Redskins sign NT Fangupo to practice squadBy Mike Jones September 16 Follow @mikejoneswapo
Steelers center Chris Elkins, left, works on defensive tackle Hebron Fangupo during a drill last season. (Keith Srakocic/Associated Press)
The Redskins announced they have signed nose tackle Hebron Fangupo to their practice squad , and that they have released offensive lineman Derrick Hopkins from the unit.
The 6-foot, 324-pound Fangupo signed with Houston in 2012 as an undrafted rookie out of BYU and then had brief stints with Pittsburgh and Kansas City.  He appeared in four games for the Steelers in 2013.
Have a Redskins question? Send an e-mail to mike.jones@washpost.com with the subject line “Mailbag question,” and it might be answered on Tuesday in  The Mailbag .
More from The Post:

North Korea as The Truman ShowNorth Korea resembles ‘The Truman Show’
By David Pilling
One needs to be wary of impressions gleaned from Pyongyang, a showcase city
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e6b896d4-3dae-11e4-b782-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Group GM & CEO HSBC IndiaExpertise : Equity - Fundamental 
Stuart Milne, Chief Executive Officer, HSBC India has been heading the company`s Indian business since March 2012. Before that, he was working in the capacity of President and Chief Executive Officer Japan (January 2007 – February 2012) and was responsible for HSBC`s businesses in Japan.
ABOUT Stuart Milne
Stuart Milne, Chief Executive Officer, HSBC India has been heading the company`s Indian business since March 2012. Before that, he was working in the capacity of President and Chief Executive Officer Japan (January 2007 – February 2012) and was responsible for HSBC`s businesses in Japan.

The numbers behind the Nationals division title celebrationBy James Wagner September 17 Follow @jameswagnerwp
(Photo by Mike Zarrilli/Getty Images)
As the the Nationals celebrated their division title on Tuesday night inside the visitors clubhouse at Turner Field, the man who organized the entire party was off in the side room going through empty boxes of beers and champagne. But this is clubhouse and equipment manager Mike Wallace’s duty and he wanted to ensure that the players, coaches and team officials had all they needed.
Although Wallace and the visiting clubhouse attendants will likely stay early into Wednesday morning cleaning and drying the soaked carpet, it was all worth it.
“I like to see my guys celebrate and be successful,” Wallace said, sifting through another empty box of champagne.
Below is the grand total of the damage done by the Nationals during their Tuesday celebration.
>>> Champagne: eight cases with 15 bottles per case = 120 bottles
>>> Plus, a case of six bottles of Dom Perignon = grand total of 126 bottles of champagne
>>> Beer: 25 cases of Miller Lite with 24 beers per case = 600 cans of beer (which doesn’t include Jayson Werth’s gluten-free beer or the spare Bud Lights)
“I would probably say three cans worth of it was drank and the rest was poured,” Wallace said.
The Nationals brought the champagne with them on the road trip but ordered the beer through a local distributor through their distributor in Washington, Wallace said.
Wallace and the clubhouse attendants started putting up the plastic sheeting that covered the lockers in the sixth inning, when the Nationals took a two-run lead on Ian Desmond’s homer off Aaron Harang.
Then, Wallace and staff took empty hampers down the clubhouse tunnel and left them near the dugout. Once Drew Storen notched the final out and the Nationals beat the Braves 3-0 to secure the division title, players mobbed each other on the field. They formed a long line near the dugout and hugged each other.
Clubhouse attendants handed out gray NL East Division championship shirts and caps. In all, eight to nine dozen shirts and hats were given out, Wallace said. But players were told to drop their jerseys, game caps and belts into the hampers as they entered the clubhouse for the partying and alcohol-spraying. The tunnel was filled with dirty cleats.
“We collected their belts and hats and stuff, that way they wouldn’t get ruined,” Wallace said.
But despite his best efforts, Wallace and staff still had a lot of work to do to clean up the party, a celebration that players dreamed to have all season.
James Wagner joined the Post in August 2010 and, prior to covering the Nationals, covered high school sports across the region.

India ranks 6th in billionaire population globallyIndia has more billionaires than Switzerland, Hong Kong and France
PTI     Singapore/New Delhi   Last Updated: September 17, 2014  | 16:33 IST
India's total billionaire wealth has fallen by US $5 billion to US $175 billion (Photo: Reuters)
India has retained its sixth position in terms of number of billionaires with 100 such people collectively having US $175 billion in networth, while globally the number of uber-rich has reached a record high of 2,325 persons.
According to the Wealth-X and UBS Billionaire Census 2014, released on Wednesday, though the number of billionaires in the country has decreased over last year (in 2013 there were 103 billionaires) India still enjoys a decent 6th position (same as last year) in the top 10 league.
Interestingly, the country has a higher number of billionaires than Switzerland, Hong Kong and France among others.
Moreover Mumbai, the country's financial capital, with 28 billionaires is among the top 20 'billionaire cities' globally, which was topped by New York - home to 103 billionaires.
According to the the report, which looks at the global billionaire population from July 2013 to June 2014, India's billionaire population has decreased by 3 per cent to 100 and the total billionaire wealth has fallen by US $5 billion to US $175 billion.
However, the world's population of billionaires continues to grow.
On the top 40 billionaire countries/territories list, the United States maintained its position as the world's top billionaire country with a population of 571 billionaires in 2014, followed by China (190) and the United Kingdom (130) in the second and third position respectively.
The global billionaire population reached a record 2,325 with the addition of 155 new billionaires in 2014, registering a rise of 7 per cent from 2013.
"The combined wealth of the world's billionaires increased by 12 per cent to US $7.3 trillion, which is higher than the combined market capitalisation of all the companies that make up the Dow Jones Industrial Average," the report said.
Europe, with 775 billionaires, is the region with the most billionaires and billionaire wealth (US $2.37 trillion), while, Asia boasted the largest billionaire wealth increase, with the region's billionaires' fortunes growing by 18.7 per cent over the past year.
"The region (Asia) is responsible for 30 per cent of the net increase in global billionaire wealth in 2014. Asia's billionaire population grew by 10 per cent in 2014, with 52 new entrants into the billionaire club out of which 33 are from China," the report said.

MFs exposure to software stocks hit all-time...IT Index
(The mutual fund industry…)
NEW DELHI: The mutual fund industry is betting big on software companies as its equity exposure to the sector climbed to an all-time high of Rs 29,688 crore at the end of August.
This also marks the third consecutive rise in mutual fund (MF) industry's exposure to software stocks.
Mutual fund is an investment vehicle that is made up of a pool of funds collected from many investors for the purpose of investing in securities such as stocks, bonds, money market instruments and similar assets.
The funds' investment in software stocks stood at Rs 29,688 crore as on August 31, 2014, accounting for 10.53 per cent of their total equity assets under management (AUM) of Rs 2.81 lakh crore, according to data with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi).
In comparison, MFs had deployed Rs 27,596 crore in the shares of software companies in July.
At current levels, the MF industry has the highest exposure to software sector since August 2009. Data is not available for sector-wise exposure before August 2009, when the equity funds had deployed Rs 11,913 crore (6.71 per cent) in software shares.
The previous high was in February this year when investment in the sector rose to Rs 28,784 crore.
According to market participants, MFs have been showing interest in software stocks since the beginning of the year amid rising equity market.
They believe that the ongoing market rally might see mutual fund assets getting diversified.
Meanwhile, the IT index surged by 3.52 per cent, while the benchmark Sensex witnessed a gain of 2.86 per cent in August.
This year has seen a consistent growth in investment in software stocks by equity fund managers and fund infusion has grown from Rs 27,772 crore in January to Rs 29,688 crore in August.
Besides, mutual fund managers raised their exposure in bank stocks to an all-time high of over Rs 56,600 crore in August this year, which is the highest among all the sectors.
Among others, MFs have an exposure of Rs 19,394 crore in pharma space, followed by auto (Rs 17,754 crore) and finance
FEATURED ARTICLES

Suzuki Motorcycle to export 10% of India production from next fiscalSuzuki Motorcycle to export 10% of production from next fiscal
BS Reporter | Hyderabad Sep 17, 2014 08:49 PM IST
Suzuki Motorcycle India Private Limited (SMIPL), a subsidiary of Japanese two-wheeler maker Suzuki Motor Corporation, is aiming at taking its exports to 10 per cent of its production in India from next year, according to executive vice president Atul Gupta.
The company currently exports 2,000 units of two-wheelers to Latin America, Nepal and Bangladesh per month. SMIPL has an installed capacity of 540,000 units at its Gurgaon plant. While it sold 400,000 units last year, it is targeting to sell 500,000 units this financial year, he told mediapersons.
Launching GIXXER, a premium above-150-cc street sports bike in the Hyderabad market on Wednesday, Gupta said the close to 80,000-unit-per month 150-cc bike market in India was registering a steady growth of 11 per cent and hence the company was focusing on strengthening its portfolio in the segment.
Stating that the company currently commands a three per cent share of the overall two-wheeler market in India (11 per cent in scooters and one per cent in motorcycles), he said SMIPL was hopeful of taking this to five per cent in the next six to 12 months.
“New product line ups and continuous expansion of distribution network will steer our market share to five per cent and beyond,” Gupta said, adding the company would scale up its nationwide touch points from the present 630 to over 1,000 by March 2015.
“We are serious and committed to the Indian market and SMIPL will launch new products in the motorcycle segment to align with the industry,” he said.
Suzuki’s flagship 155-cc motorcycle GIXXER is powered by a four-stroke, single-cylinder engine and a five-speed gearbox. The bike is priced at Rs 74,552 (ex-showroom, Hyderabad).

Don t see major reverse flow of liquidity post winding up of QE program  says Dipen Shah("We do not foresee any surprise…)
By Mohammed Sabir
MUMBAI: The US government's move to wind up the quantitative easing programme will have a negative impact on global markets, says Dipen Shah, Head- Private Client Group Research, Kotak Securities, in an email response to economictimes.com.
The negative impact will be short-lived, he adds. Here are excerpts of his interview:
Q: The government is planning to divest stake in Coal India and ONGC, among others. Will the tapering of quantitative easing in the US hurt the government's fund-raising plans?
The QE program in the US is being gradually tapered down by the Federal Reserve. Thus, the markets are already discounting the possibility that the QE program will be completely wound up over the next few weeks.
To that extent, we do not foresee any surprise element on the same and do not expect a major reverse flow of liquidity post the winding up of the QE program.
However, if the US Fed decides to increase rates faster than expected, it may have a negative impact on the markets globally. We expect the impact, if any, to be short-lived.
Q: Should retail investors apply for these stocks in OFS given the sharp rise in their stock prices?
We cannot comment on this.
Q: What is your view on the metals sector? There are concerns of de-allocation of coal mines to Hindalco and JSPL. Then you have closure on iron ore mines in Jharkhand , which impacts steel makers such as Tata Steel , SAIL, etc.
The potential de-allocation of coal mines and suspension of work at iron ore mines have impacted the financials of metal companies, especially the ones which had captive mines. The economic scenario in the major market of China, in addition to EU, has kept the prices of ferrous metals low. In such a scenario, companies have found it difficult to pass on increase in raw material prices. Aluminium prices have been rising though, due to demand-supply imbalances.
We believe that this scenario will continue in the short term. However, we expect an early resolution of the mining issue (especially the coal mines). We also do not expect the Chinese and EU economies to deteriorate much from here. Hence, we have a positive outlook on most of the metals, over the medium term.
Q: There has been a sharp movement in mid-caps and small-caps recently. Do you think the rally in them will continue, given the valuations of most large caps look stretched?
Several mid-caps and small-caps have outperformed the benchmark indices in the recent past. Several such fundamentally sound companies with credible management still have reasonable potential to outperform the large caps.
One should pick these companies after a careful study and invest with a medium to long-term perspective.
Q: The rally has brought retail investors back in the market. However, there are many sitting on the fence. Should they enter now or will the market give them an opportunity post Diwali?
It is very difficult to time the market. The important thing in the market is to buy the right stocks. Good quality stocks will yield superior returns over a reasonable period of time.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Revealed: Where and how Indians plan travel abroadE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Flood victims run from pillar to post to get reliefmaterialOfficials at various relief camps refer the flood-victims to the nearest police stations to get the food grains. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | Srinagar | Posted: September 17, 2014 3:37 pm | Updated: September 17, 2014 6:54 pm
Chaos has hit relief distribution in flood-ravaged Kashmir as some survivors of the natural calamity from the summer capital of the state are running from pillar to post to get food grains but to no avail.
Officials at various relief camps refer the flood-victims to the nearest police stations to get the food grains – mostly rice is in demand – but the police officials say they do not have stocks to distribute.
Ghulam Rasool, a resident of Padshahi Bagh in Srinagar, approached the Saddar police station with an application for release of food grains for his locality. The application was addressed to the Relief Officer incharge of the concerned area who had marked it to Saddar police station. “The police officers are telling us now to go to Sheikhpura in Budgam district for getting rice bags. We have been going around for two days now but to no avail,” Rasool said as he was coming out of police station.
Rasool claimed that while several truck-loads of relief have been coming to neighbouring areas but nothing reached Padshahi Bagh locality. A senior police officer said there was no relief material stored in the police stations in his area. “What shall we distribute when we have nothing here?” he asked.
He said the relief material coming from various areas arrives at the police station concerned but police does not distribute it and hands it over to local committees.
“Police has its plate full already. We are recovering bodies from flooded areas and there are reports of more bodies being sighted by locals in collapsed houses. “In such a scenario, we cannot take the additional responsibility of relief distribution,” the officer said.

After big guns fail to fire  young Pradeep shoots bronze atWorldsPress Trust of India | Granada | Posted: September 17, 2014 3:33 pm
Pardeep wins bronze in shooting world championship Granada (Spian), Sep 17 (PTI) The Indian contingent finally had something to cheer about as young shooter Pradeep bagged a bronze medal after the seniors’ none-too-impressive showing in the 51st Shooting World Championships.
Pradeep won the honour in 25-metre standard pistol event for junior men .
Pardeep, who also helped the three-men Indian team to finish fourth overall, ended with a score of 561 in the competition stage, to settle for third position behind Dario Di Martino of Italy.
Both Dario and Pardeep finished with identical scores. The Italian, however, edged out Pardeep by a point in the shoot-off for second and third positions. Alexander Chichkov of the USA won the gold with a score of 563.
This is the Indian squad’s second medal in the competition after Jitu Rai’s silver in the men’s 50-metre pistol event.
In the other events of the day, Gurpreet Singh shot well but not well enough to finish 13th in the 25-metre men’s standard pistol event with a score of 566. Rahul Poonia, Anil Pal Singh in the men’s and Hema Chetri in women’s category, also made it to the competition stage having survived their elimination rounds in the 300-metre standard rifle event.

From 4 MLAs in 2009  its now Mission 60 plus for BJP inHaryanaFrom having six legislators in 2000, two in 2005 and just four in 2009, BJP is hoping to wrest power from the Congress, which has been in power in the state for the past two consecutive terms.
PTI | Chandigarh | Posted: September 17, 2014 3:25 pm
Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) is gearing up for Haryana assembly polls to be held next month with “Mission 60 plus” being the catchline of its campaigning. The campaign takes cue from senior BJP leader and Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh who recently asked the state party unit to revise the number of their ‘Mission 46 plus’ (majority needed to form the government in Haryana) to ‘Mission 60 plus’.
The saffron party that was restricted to playing second fiddle to Indian National Lok Dal (INLD) and the then Bansi Lal led Haryana Vikas Party (later merged with Congress) has decided to contest from all the 90 assembly seats on its own in the upcoming polls on October 15.
From having six legislators in 2000, two in 2005 and just four in 2009, BJP is hoping to wrest power from the Congress, which has been in power in the state for the past two consecutive terms.
“People gave us overwhelming support in the Lok Sabha polls. They are fed up with the Congress rule in the state, which has taken Haryana backward with corruption, land scams, poor law and order, unemployment and lopsided development.These have been the main achievements of the Hooda government,” Haryana BJP legislature leader and Ambala Cantt MLA, Anil Vij said.
Vij added that “people will reject the Congress and other parties and bring BJP to power to usher in an era of peace andoverall development in the state”.
BJP’s best electoral performance in the state so far has been winning 16 seats out of the 20 contested by the party in 1987, when Devi Lal-led INLD had swept to power. However, in 1991, BJP again went down, managing to win just two seats. In 1996, the party went on to win 11 seats.
After former Deputy Chief Minister Dr Mangal Sain, BJPfailed to bring out leaders who would match his popularity and appeal. For the October 15 elections, the party had released its first list of 43 candidates on September that included many turncoats who recently joined the outfit, mainly from the Congress and INLD.
The list also included Birender Singh who snapped his 42-year-old ties with the Congress.
Birender Singh, a prominent leader who belongs to the predominant Jat community and has on past several occasions made his Chief Ministerial aspirations public failed to get a ticket from the saffron party.
The party has also attempted to break away from its non-Jat urban identity by accommodating many Jat candidates in the first list of candidates. However, the party is unlikely to continued…

Mumbai Indians exit from Champions League Twenty20  the Bollywoodway!Print
Express LOL | Posted: September 17, 2014 3:21 pm
The Mumbai Indians are like the Modi Wave – they ebb and flow. Right now, after a shock early exit from the CLT20, they and their supporters are dazed – they don’t know what hit them.
In such a situation, it can often be hard to understand what went wrong. Fortunately, we at Express LOL can shed light on the defeat, using the other great religion of India – Bollywood.
 

Is US reacting to  exaggerated fears  about ...Is US reacting to 'exaggerated fears' about ISIS?
New York Times Sep 17, 2014, 03.23PM IST
Tags:
(What concerns me most about…)
By Thomas L. Friedman
LONDON: An existential struggle is taking place in the Arab world today. But is it ours or is it theirs? Before we step up military action in Iraq and Syria, that's the question that needs answering.
What concerns me most about President Barack Obama's decision to re-engage in Iraq is that it feels as if it's being done in response to some deliberately exaggerated fears - fear engendered by YouTube videos of the beheadings of two U.S. journalists - and fear that the Islamic State is coming to a mall near you. How did we start getting so afraid again so fast? Didn't we build a Department of Homeland Security?
I am not dismissing the Islamic State. Obama is right that the group needs to be degraded and destroyed. But when you act out of fear, you don't think strategically and you glide over essential questions, like why is it that Shiite Iran, which helped trigger this whole Sunni rebellion in Iraq, is scoffing at even coordinating with us, and Turkey and some Arab states are setting limits on their involvement?
When I read that, I think that Nader Mousavizadeh, who co-leads the global consulting firm Macro Advisory Partners, is correct when he says: "When it comes to intervening in the Arab world's existential struggle, we have to stop and ask ourselves why we have such a challenge getting them to help us save them."
So before we get in any deeper, let's ask some radical questions, starting with: What if we did nothing? George Friedman (no relation), the chairman of Stratfor, raised this idea in his recent essay on Stratfor.com, "The Virtue of Subtlety." He notes that the Islamic State uprising was the inevitable Sunni backlash to being brutally stripped of power and resources by the pro-Iranian Shiite governments and militias in Baghdad and Syria. But then he asks:
Is the Islamic State "really a problem for the United States? The American interest is not stability but the existence of a dynamic balance of power in which all players are effectively paralyzed so that no one who would threaten the United States emerges. ... But the principle of balance of power does not mean that balance must be maintained directly. Turkey, Iran and Saudi Arabia have far more at stake in this than the United States. So long as they believe that the United States will attempt to control the situation, it is perfectly rational for them to back off and watch, or act in the margins, or even hinder the Americans. The United States must turn this from a balance of power between Syria and Iraq to a balance of power among this trio of regional powers. They have far more at stake and, absent the United States, they have no choice but to involve themselves.
They cannot stand by and watch a chaos that could spread to them."
Therefore, he concludes, the best U.S. strategy rests in our "doing as little as possible and forcing regional powers into the fray, then in maintaining the balance of power in this coalition." I am not sure, but it's worth debating.
Here's another question: What's this war really about?
"This is a war over the soul of Islam - that is what differentiates this moment from all others," argues Ahmad Khalidi, a Palestinian scholar associated with St. Antony's College, Oxford. Here is why: For decades, Saudi Arabia has been the top funder of the mosques and schools throughout the Muslim world that promote the most puritanical version of Islam, known as Salafism, which is hostile to modernity, women and religious pluralism, or even Islamic pluralism.
Saudi financing for these groups is a byproduct of the ruling bargain there between the al-Saud family and its Salafist religious establishment, known as the Wahhabis. The al-Sauds get to rule and live how they like behind walls, and the Wahhabis get to propagate Salafist Islam both inside Saudi Arabia and across the Muslim world, using Saudi oil wealth. Saudi Arabia is, in effect, helping to fund both the war against the Islamic State and the Islamist ideology that creates Islamic State members (some 1,000 Saudis are believed to be fighting with jihadist groups in Syria), through Salafist mosques in Europe, Pakistan, Central Asia and the Arab world.
This game has reached its limit. First, because the Islamic State presents a challenge to Saudi Arabia. The Islamic State says it is the "caliphate," the center of Islam. Saudi Arabia believes it is the center. And, second, the Islamic State is threatening Muslims everywhere. Khalidi told me of a Muslim woman friend in London who says she's afraid to go out with her head scarf on for fear that people will believe she is with the Islamic State - just for dressing as a Muslim. Saudi Arabia cannot continue fighting the Islamic State and feeding the ideology that nurtures the Islamic State. It will hurt more and more Muslims.
We, too, have to stop tolerating this. For years, the U.S. has "played the role of the central bank of Middle East stability," noted Mousavizadeh. "Just as the European Central Bank funding delays the day that France has to go through structural reforms, America's security umbrella," always there no matter what the Saudis do, "has delayed the day that Saudi Arabia has to face up to its internal contradictions" and reform its toxic ruling bargain. The future of Islam and our success against the Islamic State depend on it.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Federal background checks  one year after the Navy Yard shootingBy Josh Hicks September 17 Follow @reporter_hicks
A year after a Navy and Marine Corps subcontractor killed 12 people at the Washington Navy Yard, the federal government has fired the firm that handled most of its background checks and changed key screening policies.
Gunman Aaron Alexis, with his troubling police records and signs of mental illness, had maintained his security clearance, exposing gaps in the system responsible for vetting the workers who handle some of the government’s most sensitive work.
Police officers walk outside the Washington Navy Yard after a shooting rampage there in September 2013. (Saul Loeb/AFP-Getty)
Now the government is touting major reforms of the process, which faced challenges long before incidents with Alexis and Edward Snowden, the former National Security Agency contractor who leaked U.S. surveillance documents, brought critical problems into focus.
“The quality and security of our background investigations has continued to be a top priority since I became Office of Personnel Management director last November,” Katherine Archuleta said in a statement. OPM oversees background checks for the nearly 5 million federal employees and contractors with security clearances. “As a whole, the administration has made great strides toward revamping the security-clearance system.”
After the shooting, President Obama appointed a special council to review the government’s security-clearance system. The panel that includes Archuleta and national intelligence chief James Clapper.
In a February report, the council said screeners need greater access to state and local police reports. It concluded that they can’t always view records that could raise red flags, oftentimes because of legal and technological limitations. The review echoed findings from the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee.
OPM said it now has increased its engagement with local and state police agencies and is working on IT upgrades to connect more with crime databases.
The Obama-appointed council also called for OPM to conduct follow-up investigations every five years for employees and contractors who hold clearances. That requirement is now in place.
In addition, it also recommended reducing the number of workers who hold clearances. The Defense Department made the same recommendation in its review of the shooting, released in March.
Clapper has directed all agencies to identify clearances they could eliminate. The Pentagon has said it expects to reduce the number of Defense authorizations by 10 percent.
Earlier this month OPM announced another major change: It said it would not renew its contract with USIS for background checks.
The company, which spun out of OPM during the Clinton administration, has handled about 40 percent of federal background investigations for the past several years, averaging about 21,000 a month. The firm screened Alexis and Snowden.
In February, an OPM official testified before Congress that the contractor’s investigative file on Alexis was “complete and in compliance with all investigative standards.”
But the Justice Department sued the firm for allegedly filing more than 660,000 incomplete background checks in a process known as “dumping.” The Washington Post revealed the case, which is not related to the Alexis screening, last October.
USIS has since hired a new management team and claims it has sharpened oversight procedures. The company has stressed that it was never in charge of making clearance decisions, which was always the government’s job.
“We are deeply disappointed with OPM’s decision, particularly given the excellent work our 3,000 employees have delivered on these contracts,” USIS said in a statement. “While we disagree with the decision and are reviewing it, we intend to fulfill our obligations to ensure an orderly transition.”
OPM this year also stopped allowing screening contractors to review their own work for quality, now requiring federal employees to do the job.
In June, an OPM inspector general’s report showed just how flawed the accountability system had been, finding that USIS had completed an “abnormally high number” of reviews in a short period, with one employee finishing 15,000 cases in a month and often closing them within minutes.
Many lawmakers applauded OPM’s decision.
Sen. Jon Tester (D-Mont.), who has proposed legislation to overhaul the clearance process, described it as a “welcome sign that the federal government is finally beginning to hold contractors accountable for taking millions in federal money and then failing to get the job done for the taxpayer.”
The report also said two of the government’s other largest background-check contractors, KeyPoint Government Solutions and CACI International, had submitted investigations without reviews, and that KeyPoint had no record of training its screeners.
The contracts for both companies are scheduled to end in November 2016. Neither firm responded to requests for comment.
In Congress, lawmakers have also proposed various background-check bills.
In October, a bipartisan group of women senators proposed legislation that would make the follow-up reviews law. Bill sponsors are awaiting action by the full Senate.
Additionally, Tester and Clair McCaskill (D-Mo.) won approval for a measure that allows OPM’s inspector general to harness additional agency funding to regularly examine the screening process. Obama signed the bill into law in February.
Tester followed up in May with a bill that would prohibit screenings by federal employees and contractors who have compromised background investigations. It would also require the government to update its policies for determining how many positions require security clearance. The proposal awaits action by the Senate Homeland Security and Government Affairs Committee.
The House oversight committee has been working with other congressional panels on legislation to further address problems. “We owe it to the victims of the Navy Yard shooting to fix this process once and for all,” said Rep. Darrell Issa (R-Calif.), the committee’s chairman.
Josh Hicks covers the federal government and anchors the Federal Eye blog. He reported for newspapers in the Detroit and Seattle suburbs before joining the Post as a contributor to Glenn Kessler’s Fact Checker blog in 2011.

Samsung is leaning on K-Pop stars for a employee recruitment sitcomAnd it'll be filmed in Samsung's office spaces.(AP Photo/Kim Ju-sung)
SHARE
Jeanne Kim @jeannesjkim
September 17, 2014
In South Korea, where the population is aging faster than  any other OECD country, companies are increasingly desperate to attract young staff. At least that’s one possible explanation for why Samsung is introducing a “musicom”—that’s a music sitcom—to entice new workers.
The six-episode series  called “Best Future ,” portrays the South Korean industrial giant as a fun and dynamic workplace. The story revolves around an aspiring singer, “Chaego” (which means “best” in Korean) and his female counterpart “Mirae” (meaning future), a newly hired Samsung employee. The company says it’s aiming to portray “work, love, and human relations that those in 2030 will identify with,” according to the company.
Tap image to zoom
The cast of “Best Future”(blog.samsung.com)
K-pop star Mina plays the female protagonist, who endures grueling hours and hard working conditions to fulfill her dream  (link in Korean) of becoming a Samsung regional specialist. Portions of the show are filmed in the company’s offices, with a cast that includes real  (link in Korean) Samsung employees.
Despite its continued strong growth  (pdf), Samsung sorely needs a boost to its public image in South Korea. Poor working conditions at its  production plants  have sparked riots and heightened public distrust of the company.
Share this:

Quartz Daily BriefAmericas editionUS stimulus cut  China stimulus boost  Zaras mixed results  unhappy clamsSeptember 17, 2014
What to watch for today
The end of QE is nigh. The US Federal Reserve is expected to cut back bond purchases by an additional $10-$15 billion a month as it wraps up its two-day policy meeting. That would put the two-year-old program of quantitative easing on track to end in October—could the next step be an interest-rate hike ?
Xi Jinping visits India. The Chinese president meets Indian prime minister Narendra Modi  in his home state of Gujarat, as the two nationalist leaders discuss an expanded economic partnership. One potential sticking point: Modi has been enjoying quite the bromance with Japan’s Shinzo Abe .
FedEx tries to beat expectations. The shipping company’s ambitious full-year profit target will get its first status check  (paywall) with the release of fiscal first-quarter results. So far, demand for air and truck freight has been high.
Scotland’s final opinion polls trickle in. The most recent survey shows independence supporters with 48% of the vote ahead of Thursday’s referendum.
A Chinese Uighur scholar goes on trial. Ilham Tohti, a prominent economist,  could face the death penalty if convicted of separatism. China’s antagonistic relationship with its Muslim minority is under increased scrutiny after several Uighurs were  linked to the extremist group Islamic State .
While you were sleeping
China announced a new stimulus measure. Its central bank will inject 500 billion yuan  ($81.4 billion) of liquidity into five state-run banks to encourage lending, following further signs of slowing economic growth . Economists voiced concerns that the targeted measure was not sufficient to reverse the economy’s downward momentum , and that doling out cash to banks was not sufficiently transparent.
Inditex profits slipped. The owner of Zara saw first-half net income fall to €928 million ($1.2 billion), from €951 million a year earlier, due to foreign currency pressures. Sales rose 5.6% year-on-year to €8.1 billion.
Euro zone inflation was revised up. Consumer prices in August were up 0.4%, compared with an initial estimate of 0.3%—still within the European Central Bank’s “danger zone” of less than 1%, which raises the fear of deflation.
This year’s MacArthur genius grants are out. Cartoonist Alison Bechdel, saxophonist Steve Colman, a researcher on police relations with the black community, and an advocate for domestic abuse victims joined 17 others in receiving $625,000 with no strings attached .
UK unemployment fell to a six-year low. The jobless rate fell to 6.2% for the three months ending July, down from 6.4% in the three months to June.
Endo offered $2.2 billion for Auxilium. The Dublin-based specialty drugmaker made an offer that was 30% over Auxilium’s closing price . Auxilium’s best-known drug, Xiaflex, is used to treat men with extreme curvature of the penis—a condition known as Peyronie’s disease—but may also be used to banish excess cellulite .
Softbank’s founder became the richest man in Japan. Masayoshi Son’s net worth rose 3.4%  to $16.6 billion on Tuesday, according to Bloomberg. Softbank’s 34% stake in Alibaba is a significant driver of his wealth, as the Chinese company’s IPO on Friday is shaping up to be the largest ever.
Quartz obsession interlude
Matt Phillips on the lost quarter-century of the American family. “Effectively, inflation-adjusted US median household incomes are still about 1% below where they were in 1989. That’s nearly 25 years ago. And median household incomes are still 9% below the all-time peak back in 1999, when they were $56,895… On the other hand, salaries on the high end of the spectrum have rebounded quite nicely.” Read more here .
Matters of debate
China needs to pull its weight on Ebola. Its aid is paltry  compared to the investments it’s making in the region.
The Islamic State should be allowed to be a state. The extremist group would fail spectacularly and discredit itself .
Credit may not drive economic growth. It’s a widely-held finance truism but nobody has ever proved it .
Harvard Business School is ruining America. It’s uniquely responsible for the pay gap between CEOs and ordinary workers.
You can’t be as “happy as a clam.” Clams don’t have emotions, and they have little to be happy about .
Surprising discoveries
Airbus patented a “sensorial isolation” helmet. It’s designed to make you forget you’re on an airplane .
There’s a black market for pumpkin spice latte syrup. The pilfered Starbucks ingredient can fetch up to $120 per jug .
Angry Pakistanis shouted a politician off their plane. He had kept the flight waiting on the tarmac for two hours .
Angry Ukrainians dumped a politician into a rubbish bin. They were displeased with his vote in support of amnesty for pro-Russian rebels .
What’s heavier than a giant squid? A colossal squid. The  second intact specimen ever found  weighed 350kg (770lb).
Our best wishes for a productive day. Please send any news, comments, illicit syrup, and melancholy shellfish to hi@qz.com . You can follow us on Twitter here for updates throughout the day.
Sign up for the Quartz Daily Brief  here , tailored for morning delivery in Asia, Europe & Africa, and the Americas.
Share this:

Former Assam DGP commits suicideFormer Assam DGP commits suicide
PTI
Tweet
Guwahati, Sept 17:  
Former Assam Director General of Police Shankar Barua, quizzed recently by CBI in connection with Saradha scam, allegedly shot himself dead at his residence today.
Guwahati Senior Superintendent of Police A P Tiwari told PTI that Barua was rushed to a local nursing home at around 12 noon and was declared dead there.
“Barua is no more. We are investigating. We cannot say anything now. Only after the investigation we can talk about details,” Tiwari said.
Barua’s body has been sent for post-mortem.
Family sources said that Barua had slipped into depression after his name was allegedly linked to the Saradha scam
Barua was undergoing treatment in a local hospital after he had complained of chest pain last week. He was discharged this morning.
“He came home and within half an hour he went to the terrace and shot himself with a pistol. He was immediately rushed to a nearby hospital by family members,” a close family member said.
Non-stop coverage by television channels relating to him had upset the former Director General, the family said.
CBI spokesperson in Delhi said that former Director General of Assam Police was neither examined by the CBI nor was he summoned.
Barua’s name got linked with the scam after an employee of Saradha’s media house here alleged last year that he had provided ‘protection’ to them in Assam which was arranged by popular Assamese singer and filmmaker Sadananda Gogoi on behalf of the group.
Gogoi was taken to Kolkata by CBI for further questioning and was subsequently arrested on September 12.
CBI had conducted raids on 12 premises on August 28 in connection with the multi crore rupees ponzi scheme scam.
The raids were carried out at the residences of two former Assam ministers, including that of former health minister Himanta Biswa Sarma, Barua and Gogoi, among others.
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

HSBC report says India could become fastest growing exporter by 2030HSBC report says India could become fastest growing exporter by 2030
PTI
Tweet
Dubai, Sep 17:  
India is likely to become the world’s fastest growing exporter and UAE’s top export and import destination by 2030, according to a study.
The latest HSBC Trade Forecast yesterday said India has the potential to become the world’s fifth largest exporter of goods by value from the 14th spot from 2014 to 2030.
Besides India, the UAE’s fastest growing export markets will be China, Malaysia, Turkey — each of which will see the fastest growth rates between 2017 and 2030.
Import growth for the UAE will be fastest for goods originating from China, India, Turkey and Vietnam.
“Sectors such as infrastructure and construction, tourism, retail and Government investments in technology will continue to be the main drivers of the UAE’s economy going forward.
That said, we still expect petroleum products to remain both the largest category of total exports and the largest contributor to total export growth up to 2030,” said Tim Evans, Regional Head of Global Trade and Receivables Finance.
“It (petroleum products) will account for over 40 per cent of total export growth over this forecast horizon. So it is no surprise to see energy hungry countries such as India and China on top of the UAE’s export list,” said Evans.
By 2030, China is expected to increase its overseas shipments five-fold as it strengthens commercial ties to emerging Asia, West Asia and North Africa.
According to the Trade Confidence Index, the UAE remains firmly positive about increasing trade activity over the next six months.
The country ranked third out of the 23 countries surveyed.
47 per cent of respondents believe trading volumes will increase ‘slightly’ over the next six months, and another 16 per cent believe the increase in trade volumes will be ‘significant’
An increase in demand — either globally or in key markets — is cited as the basis for this increase by around 45 per cent of respondents.
Globally, world trade is set to resume its growth trajectory in 2016, presenting fresh opportunities for businesses that have positioned themselves to benefit.
The Index showed that 65 per cent of businesses surveyed reported current trade activity with these regions, while 75 per cent believe that Asia or West Asia and North Africa will have the best opportunities of growth over the next six months.
“UAE importers will continue to have their main focus on Asia and intra-regional trade as well. It will be these markets that prove to be the fastest growing corridors for the country’s long-term import growth,” said Evans.
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

Chinese President Xi Jinping arrives in India for trade talksChinese President Xi Jinping arrives in India for trade talks
Agencies |  Sep 17, 2014 03:48 PM IST
Chinese President Xi Jinping and China's first lady Peng Liyuan being welcomed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi at The Hotel Hyatt in Ahmedabad. The two leaders will oversee signing of three MoUs between government representatives of both the nations
Chinese President Xi Jinping arrived in Gujarat for a 3-day tour of India. The President and first lady Peng Liyuan was received by Gujarat Chief Minister Anandiben Patel at Ahmedabad airport followed by a grand welcome that included a traditional Gujarati dance.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi who celebrates his 64th birthday today will receive the President at Hotel Hyatt. This is the first visit to India by a Chinese President since 2006.
A combination of the "world's factory" and the "world's back office" will drive global economic growth, Chinese President Xi Jinping said ahead of a rare visit to India on Wednesday, playing down mistrust that has kept the Asian giants apart.
 
India's new prime minister, Narendra Modi, is determined to build closer relations with the world's second-largest economy, whose leader arrives on Modi's 64th birthday and comes with pledges to invest billions of dollars in railways, industrial parks and roads.
 
"As the two engines of the Asian economy, we need to become cooperation partners spearheading growth," Xi wrote in a column in The Hindu newspaper.
 
He said China's strong manufacturing base and India's software and scientific skills had massive potential both as a production base and for creating a consumer market.
 
Modi is seeking more access for India's IT services and pharmaceuticals to China to help balance $65 billion in annual trade that is heavily tilted in China's favour.
 
They may also discuss working together on civilian nuclear programmes and seek a solution for a long-running travel visa row, Indian officials said.
 
Modi hopes the leaders of the world's two most populous nations will establish a personal rapport to match the warmth he shares with Japanese Prime Minister Abe, who wished Modi in a phone call on Wednesday morning, Indian media reported.
 
But beyond the smiles and the commercial embrace, ties between nuclear-armed India and China are marked by competition for energy and regional clout as well as a festering border dispute that led to a brief war 52 years ago.
 
Even as officials rolled out red carpets for Xi in Gujarat's main city, Ahmedabad, friction emerged over a Himalayan border incursion and a pact between India and Vietnam to explore oil and gas in parts of the South China Sea claimed by Beijing.
 
In his column, Xi said the two sides were "properly managing problems and differences" and that they shared one of the most dynamic and promising bilateral relations of the 21st century.
 
In one sign that India wants the Xi visit to be a success, New Delhi asked the Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama to reschedule an event in the capital so that it would not clash with the Chinese president's trip there on Friday.
 
The Dalai Lama, whom Beijing labels a separatist seeking an independent Tibet, has lived in India since fleeing across the Himalayas after a failed uprising against Chinese rule of his homeland in 1959. Police detained a small group of Tibetan protesters from outside China's embassy in Delhi on Wednesday.
 
MODI'S "INTENSIVE" FOREIGN POLICY
 
In a little more than 100 days since he came to power, Modi has engaged in what his government describes as "an intensive state of global engagement", reaching out to smaller neighbours and clasping Japan's Abe in a bear hug on his first major trip outside South Asia.
 
He is due to visit Washington and New York at the end of the month.
 
India has taken a tougher stance on Beijing's practice of issuing stapled, rather than printed, visas to Indian citizens from the disputed regions of Arunachal Pradesh and Ladakh. Foreign Minister Sushma Swaraj told her Chinese counterpart she expected China to accept a "one India policy."
 
"When they raised with us the issue of Tibet and Taiwan, we appreciated their sensitivities. So we also want that they should understand and appreciate our sensitivities regarding Arunachal," she told reporters earlier this month.
 
India said on Tuesday it would firmly defend its 3,500-km (2,200-mile) border with China after domestic media reported a new face-off on the frontier.
 
"The two ... have the opportunity to craft a new kind of relationship between great powers that is very different from the Western-dominated, post-World War Two model of great power ties," said Jabin Jacob of the Institute of Chinese Studies in New Delhi.
 
"It remains to be seen, however, whether Modi and Xi can together summon the vision and statesmanship needed to grab the opportunity," he wrote in a commentary before the visit.
 
Modi is not the only regional leader seeking strategic influence, defence partners and economic opportunities.
 
Earlier this month, Abe visited Bangladesh and Sri Lanka, asserting Tokyo's interest in a region where it has ceded influence to China.
 
Xi followed this week with trips to the Maldives, the Indian Ocean island nation that New Delhi has long considered its area of influence, and Sri Lanka, where the two sides built on a blossoming relationship by agreeing to launch negotiations for a free trade agreement.

Parliamentary panel to review measures taken to unearth blackmoneyPrint
PTI | New Delhi | Posted: September 17, 2014 4:15 pm
As government grapples with the issue of black money, a Parliamentary committee has decided to review the subject of “unaccounted” money and its generation.
The Parliamentary Committee on Finance has decided to include “review of measures taken for unearthing unaccounted money and curbing generation thereof” as one of its subjects.
A Supreme Court-appointed Special Investigation Team (SIT) is already looking into the issue of black money and has made some recommendations on various aspects of generation of unaccounted money.
The SIT, constituted in May, was assisted by heads of the IB, ED, CBI, Central Board of Direct Taxes, Narcotics Control Bureau, Directorate of Revenue Intelligence, Financial Intelligence Unit and RAW. Against the backdrop of multi-agency probe into the
Saradha scam, the committee, headed by former Law Minister M Veerappa Moily, will also look into the issue of efficacy of regulation of collective investment schemes and chit funds.
The panel has already issued notices to Finance Ministry, Ministry of Corporate Affairs, Reserve Bank of India and SEBI to provide details on chit funds and ponzi schemes.
The Committee will also review performance of regulatory bodies like SEBI, SFIO, CCI and IRDA.
With bad loans pinching financial institutions, the Committee will go into details of non-performing assets.
With many analysts calling for limiting subsidy deliveries, including PDS food grains, through Aadhaar-linked bank accounts to curb corruption and ensure better delivery, the panel will assess the performance of the direct benefit transfer scheme.
Government transfers money to bank account of consumers of kerosene, LPG, among others, through its direct benefit transfer scheme to plug loopholes and ensure corruption-free delivery.

Carlo Ancelotti urges positiveattitudeCasillas, though, in the Champions League contest, pulled off a brilliant save from the lively Gonzalez that earned a rousing ovation (Source: AP)
Reuters | Madrid | Posted: September 17, 2014 4:14 pm
Real Madrid coach Carlo Ancelotti urged the club’s fans to “be positive” after captain and goalkeeper Iker Casillas was again targeted with whistles in Tuesday’s 5-1 Champions League drubbing of FC Basel .
Casillas, who celebrated 15 years since his Real debut on Friday, was blamed by some supporters for not doing more to prevent Atletico Madrid’s opening goal in Saturday’s 2-1 La Liga defeat at the Bernabeu.
While one section of the crowd whistled the Spain stopper every time he touched the ball on Tuesday, others tried to drown the protests out with applause and the fans appear to be divided over whether Ancelotti should stick with Casillas or promote new signing Keylor Navas.
Casillas could do little to prevent Basel’s goal, a precise low shot by Derlis Gonzalez, but he did pull off a brilliant save from the lively Gonzalez later in the game that earned a rousing ovation.
Ancelotti has refused to be drawn into a public debate about the keeper’s position and told Spanish television broadcaster Canal Plus he wanted an upbeat attitude from the fans.
“We have to be positive,” said the Italian, who led Real to a 10th European crown in his first season in charge in 2013-14.
“I don’t listen to the whistling. If the fans sing ‘How could I not love you?’ then I do hear that because I want to be positive in life.”
Real’s performance in the first match of their title defence was the ideal tonic after two straight La Liga defeats left the club mired in 13th place and already six points behind leaders and arch rivals Barcelona.
Ancelotti, who has noted that Real also started last season poorly before winning a record-extending 10th European crown and the King’s Cup, said he was pleased with the players’ intensity against Basel.
“It’s clear that not everything has been solved but I liked the reaction of the team,” he told a news conference.
“It’s normal that people get nervous if you lose two games at the start of the season.”
Real’s next outing is a La Liga game at promoted Deportivo La Coruna on Saturday.
I don't listen to the whistling. If the fans sing 'How could I not love you?' then I do hear that because I want to be positive in life

Indian travellers break from the past  opt for more outdoor activities on foreign trips:reportPrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 17, 2014 4:02 pm
The number of Indians travelling abroad in 2014 has increased by 21 per cent compared to last year, reveals a report by TripAdvisor. The Outbound Travel Trends that were published on Wednesday are based on the website traffic during the period January 1 to June 30, 2014.
According to the results, Indians prefer travelling closer home with Asian cities dominating the ‘Top 20 Destinations’ and Asia being the ‘Top Continent’. In the ‘Top Countries’ category, US takes number 1 spot. Ambergis Caye and Belize top the list in the ‘Emerging Destinations’ and ‘Emerging Countries’ categories respectively.
“With interest in destinations such as Belize, Brazil, Tokyo and Bhutan growing at a rapid pace, and alternate forms of accommodation such as vacation rentals and B&B’s being used while on a foreign vacation, Indian travellers definitely seem to be coming of age” says Nikhil Ganju, Country Manager, TripAdvisor India.
Another important trend is reflected in the global room rates data, with almost 50 per cent outbound Indians opting for rooms up to Rs 5000. Besides, global numbers also indicate that 30 per cent of Indian travellers prefer outdoor recreational activities followed by cultural activities at nearly 25%.
In the ‘Top Attractions’ category, ‘outdoor’ activities in US and Thailand are at the top, while in the UK ‘sightseeing’ takes the top spot (14.68%) followed closely by ‘cultural’ (14.16%) and then ‘outdoor’ (12.96%).

Emirates takes passenger chunk from non-metrosDubai
(The Gulf carrier, which…)
NEW DELHI: Often called an Indian airline , Dubai-based Emirates picks up a large chunk of the almost five million passengers it flies annually from non-metro Indian cities, recording load factors as high as over 90 per cent.
The Gulf carrier, which flew 4.86 million passengers in 2013-14 on its 185 weekly flights out of ten Indian cities, recorded an average of 81 per cent load factor or an average percentage of passengers carried in a flight.
"The load factor is in the high 90s (percentage) range from non-hub airports in India where we operate 63 per cent of all our flights," Emirates' Vice President (India-Nepal) Essa Sulaiman Ahmad told reporters here today.
The airline's load factors on the India routes ranged from 91 per cent in Hyderabad, 90 per cent from Chennai, Kochi and Kozhikode to the lowest of 79 per cent from Kolkata and Delhi at 87 per cent.
Asked whether he agreed with the description of Emirates as an Indian carrier, Ahmad said the airline was third largest after Air India and Jet Airways in picking up international traffic from India to foreign destinations including to its Dubai hub, with a market share of 10.8 per cent.
To questions on the tough competition it posed to Indian carriers, he said almost 92 per cent of 4.86 million passengers Emirates flew out of and in to India travelled from Dubai or points on its global network that "are not currently served by Indian carriers".
He gave examples of almost all destinations in Africa and several in North America and Europe where Indian airlines did not operate.
He parried questions on whether there was a "threat" from Air India joining Star Alliance, saying "competition always makes one stronger".
On the revenue front, the Emirates' official said for his airline, the West Asia-Indian Ocean region contributed USD 2.3 billion or 10.6 per cent of its total revenue in 2013-14. The region includes Pakistan, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh and Afghanistan, with India being the major market.
Asked whether the Gulf carrier would introduce the superjumbo Airbus A-380s to Delhi, he said there were "no plans" at the moment to bring it to the national capital and its services to Mumbai would continue. Emirates is the world's largest Airbus A-380 operator having a fleet of 53 planes.
Singapore Airlines was the first carrier to operate the aircraft to India when it launched one flight each to Delhi and Mumbai from Singapore on May 30. Emirates followed suit by deploying A380 on its Mumbai route from July 21.
On competitive air fares, Ahmad said there have been eight such discounted fare offers so far. After examining traffic patterns, the airline was also giving out "customised offers" to passengers on select international routes.
In this context, he gave the examples of Mumbai and Ahmedabad to Johannesburg and Brussels for business people and the 'Holy Land' traffic out of India to Jordan and Egypt, where Emirates provided customised offers.
FEATURED ARTICLES

IndiGo agrees $2.6 bn aircraft finance deal with ICBCUpdated: September 17, 2014 23:44 IST
IndiGo inks $2.6 bn aircraft finance deal with ICBC
Lalatendu Mishra
The Hindu Aditya Ghosh (right), President of IndiGo, shakes hands with Mark Jiang, Managing Director, Head of Aviation, ICBC of China, during India-China business meeting and signing ceremony in New Delhi on Wednesday. Photo: PTI
Reuters An IndiGo Airlines is parked on the tarmac at Bengaluru International Airport in Bangalore.
TOPICS
economy, business and finance
Low-cost airline IndiGo has signed a $2.6-billion aircraft financing deal with Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (ICBC), the largest commercial bank of China, the day Chinese President Xi Jinping arrived in India to strengthen bilateral relations between the two countries.
Through this deal, ICBC’s arm ICBC Financial Leasing Company Ltd. will provide IndiGo financial solutions for the introduction of A320 and the other family of aircraft to the fleet in the form of sale and lease back or financial lease or commercial lending.
“The number of aircraft will be over, 30 and the value of the deal will reach $2.6 billion,” IndiGo said in a release.
“We see this as an affirmation of IndiGo’s consistent operational and financial performance,” the release added.

Why Germans pay cash for almost everythingDebt
September 17, 2014
As banks, technology giants and would-be disruptors such as Square scrummage over the payment system of the future, German consumers seem perfectly happy with the payment system of the past. Germany remains one of the most cash-intensive advanced economies on earth.
On average, wallets in Germany hold nearly twice as much cash—about $123 worth—as those in Australia, the US, France and Holland, according to a recent Federal Reserve report  on how consumers paid for things in seven countries. Roughly 80% of all transactions in Germany are conducted in cash. (In the US, it’s less than 50%.) And cash is the dominant form of payment there even for large transactions.
Share
Tap image to zoom
No one knows precisely why Germans have such a strong preference for cash, though survey data offer some hints. German respondents suggested that using cash makes it easier to keep track of their money and spending  [pdf].
“A glance into one’s pocket provides a signal about the extent of expenses and the remaining budget. With a large cash share of expenditures, the quality of the signal is high. We conjecture that for some consumers this signal is of value and hence they choose to use cash,” wrote ECB analysts who studied the phenomenon.
Other responses suggest Germans like the anonymity of cash, in keeping with their general enthusiasm for tightly protecting privacy .
But, of course, their attitudes toward currency must owe something to Germany’s tumultuous monetary history. During the Weimar-era hyperinflation that peaked in 1923, prices rose roughly a trillion-fold, as Germany attempted to pay its onerous war reparations with devalued marks.
The sheer lunacy of the sums involved make this everyone’s favorite hyperinflation.
At the end of it,  a loaf of bread cost 428 billion marks , a kilo of butter would run you roughly 6 trillion. Employers would halt work in the middle of morning to pay out bales of banknotes to workers—who sometimes collected them in laundry baskets —and the workday would be suspended for an hour or so as employees were given time to run around and purchase as much as they could before the money became worthless. (They would barter it later.) And, of course, people were using the worthless banknotes for all sorts of silly things, such as wallpaper , furnace fuel and kites .
Tap image to zoom
Weimar wallpaper, 1923.(Deutsches Bundesarchiv)
But this wasn’t the last time Germany’s currency was rendered worthless in the 20th century. After World War II, the reichsmark was again in disarray. Hitler had largely financed the war by printing money, keeping inflation at bay through a uniquely fascist policy of strict price controls and violent threats. (“Inflation is a lack of discipline,” Hitler once said . “I’ll see to it that prices remain stable. That’s what my storm troopers are for.”)
During the postwar occupation, the Allies kept wage and price controls and rationing in effect. But more and more economic activity moved to the black market . Packs of Camels and Chesterfields, nylon stockings and Parker pens—which US servicemen stationed in Germany could easily buy at their bases—became de facto currencies.
Share
Tap image to zoom
A man lights his pipe with a useless reichsmark, on June 20, 1948, the day the deutsche mark was introduced.(AP Photo)
The currency reform of June 20, 1948, in which Germans were forced to convert their cash into the newly introduced deutsche marks at a rate of more than 10 reichsmarks to the D-mark, was painful too, vaporizing more than 90% of an individual’s savings  (paywall).
But the new currency help pull hoarded goods back into shops and tamped down on the enervating effects of the black market. It was widely viewed as a tough, but necessary step that put Germany’s post-war economic resurgence in motion.
As such, the deutsche mark became a point of pride, first for West Germany, and in 1990 for those who lived in the former Communist east as well. (They were able to exchange their worthless ostmarks for deutsche marks at a generous rate of one-for-one.) It was with some consternation that Germany changed over to the euro in 2002.
So what role does this history play in the preference for cash?
One explanation is that, as researchers have found, memories of hyperinflation have quite a bit of staying power . People in countries that suffered banking crises quite sensibly often prefer to save in cash—though typically in foreign currencies such as US dollars—rather than put money in the bank. (Federal Reserve Bank of New York economists found that demand for US dollars rises for at least a generation in countries after they suffer a searing experience with high inflation.) And countries such as Bulgaria and Romania, which have recent histories of currency instability and financial crises, also are quite heavy users of cash.
But the real point isn’t that Germans love cash. It’s that—for the same historical reasons— they loathe debt . (Armchair anthropologists have also long noted that German word for debt—Schulden—comes from the word for guilt, Schuld.)
Levels of consumer debt in Germany are remarkably low. German aversion to mortgage debt is part of the reason why the country has some of the lowest homeownership rates in the developed world . Just 33% of Germans said they had a credit card back in 2011. And most of those hardly ever get used. In 2013, only 18% of payments in Germany were made via cards, compared to 50% in France and 59% in the UK.
The national preference for cash, then, seems to be the flip side of aversion to debt, which, in turn, can be interpreted as a sign of deep-seated doubt about the future. (German businesspeople are also  notorious for their pessimism  about the future.) And fear of the future, of course, is rooted in the past.
In other words, the German tendency to settle up in cash undeniably reflects the fact that for much of the last century, Germany has been either on the brink of, in the midst of, or struggling to recover from, disaster. And traumas like that are bound to leave, if you’ll excuse the pun, a mark.

Sensex closes 139 points up as IT shares gain before Fed meetSensex closes 139 points up as IT shares gain before Fed meet
Obese adults underestimate how much someone weighsObese adults underestimate how much someone weighs
Market may get a pie of EPFO s $125 bn assetsMarket may get a pie of EPFO s $125 bn assets
A birthday handshake that impressed Prime Minister ModiA birthday handshake that impressed Prime Minister Modi
Rolls Royce bags its biggest-ever orderRolls Royce bags its biggest-ever order
Politicos react on Yogi Adityanath s UP bypoll remarksPoliticos react on Yogi Adityanath s UP bypoll remarks
Heineken Rejects Takeover Offer From Beer GiantSABMiller Spurned by Heineken Family After Approach
By David Welch, Matthew Campbell and Manuel Baigorri 2014-09-15T07:08:41Z
Email Print
Save
Sept. 15 (Bloomberg) -- SABMiller Plc was rebuffed in an attempt to buy smaller brewer Heineken NV, a deal that would have strengthened it against a potential bid by Anheuser-Busch InBev NV, people with knowledge of the matter said. Scarlet Fu reports on “Bloomberg Surveillance.”  (Source: Bloomberg)
SABMiller Plc was rebuffed in an attempt to buy smaller brewer Heineken NV , a deal that would have strengthened it against a potential bid by Anheuser-Busch InBev NV , people with knowledge of the matter said.
Heineken, the brewer of Amstel Light, confirmed in a statement that it turned down the offer and said it intends to remain independent. SABMiller’s preliminary approach was rejected by the family that controls Heineken, Bloomberg News reported yesterday, citing people who asked not to be identified because the information is private. The offer, made in the last two weeks, would have made the family one of the combined company’s largest holders, one of the people said.
Shares of Heineken rose as much as 4.3 percent to 61.98 euros in Amsterdam, the highest since December 1998. Heineken family members are resistant to any sale because they want to keep control of the 35 billion-euro ($45 billion) brewer, the people said. SABMiller , long the subject of speculation regarding a takeover by AB InBev, is assessing its next move, the person added, and it’s not clear if it will approach the family again. SAB shares gained 6.2 percent to 3,617 pence at 8:05 a.m. in London, the most in nearly two years.
Photographer: Chris Ratcliffe/Bloomberg
SABMiller’s proposal was “non-actionable,” Heineken said in its statement. “The Heineken family and Heineken N.V.’s management are confident that the company will continue to deliver growth and shareholder value.” Close
SABMiller’s proposal was “non-actionable,” Heineken said in its statement. “The... Read More
Close
Open
Photographer: Chris Ratcliffe/Bloomberg
SABMiller’s proposal was “non-actionable,” Heineken said in its statement. “The Heineken family and Heineken N.V.’s management are confident that the company will continue to deliver growth and shareholder value.”
“For SAB, a way of preserving their independence is to buy Heineken,” said Matthew Beesley , portfolio manager and head of global equities for London-based Henderson Global Investors Ltd. “It’s easy to underestimate the desire for management teams to be in control of their own destiny rather than to sell their business at a very high price.”
Brazil, Mexico
Heineken determined SABMiller’s proposal was “non-actionable,” the company said in its statement. “The Heineken family and Heineken N.V.’s management are confident that the company will continue to deliver growth and shareholder value.”
Richard Farnsworth, a spokesman for London-based SABMiller, declined to comment.
AB InBev, the Belgian giant, has spent close to $100 billion over the past decade to purchase brews from Corona to Budweiser. By acquiring Heineken, SABMiller would add more than $25 billion in sales and bolster its presence in emerging markets including Africa and Mexico, while helping keep control over its future.
Aside from adding regions, a deal would make sense for SABMiller in helping boost its portfolio of global beer brands, Jonathan Fyfe , an analyst at Mirabaud Securities, said in a note yesterday. Heineken has four brands in the global top 10 of premium beer, he wrote, citing company data.
Largest Deal
“We are not at all surprised that SABMiller mooted the combination,” said Trevor Stirling, an analyst at Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. in London. “However, we view this as an extremely complex combination, which would require substantial disposals and where the executional and cultural challenges of merging these two companies would be immense.”
An offer for the world’s third-biggest brewer could rival the largest purchase of a beermaker ever -- InBev NV’s acquisition of Anheuser-Busch in 2008. The industry has spent much of the last decade consolidating as brewers fought off sluggish consumer-spending growth and an increasing preference for wine and spirits over beer.
Heineken traces its roots to the 1864 acquisition of a brewery by Gerard Adriaan Heineken. The founding family control the brewer via another publicly traded vehicle, Heineken Holding NV . Shares of the Dutch brewer, which sells in more than 70 countries, had gained 21 percent this year before today.
SABMiller Expansion
Even with a series of acquisitions in emerging markets, Heineken’s largest region remains western Europe, where it has fought declining demand with new ranges including Amstel Radler and the tequila-infused Desperados.
Over the past 20 years, SABMiller has gone from being primarily a South African brewer –- where the company was founded as a purveyor of ale to thirsty gold miners in the 19th century –- to the world’s No. 2 via acquisitions from Colombia’s Bavaria to the 2011 purchase of Australia’s Foster’s.
SABMiller itself has long been seen as the final target for AB InBev in its quest to dominate beer sales across the globe.
SABMiller CEO Alan Clark told Bloomberg News in January that the case could be made for a tie-up between his company and AB InBev, even though it would probably require divesting some U.S. operations to appease regulators. Sanford C. Bernstein has estimated a combination of those two would have almost half of global beer profits.
To contact the reporters on this story: David Welch in New York at dwelch12@bloomberg.net ; Matthew Campbell in London at mcampbell39@bloomberg.net ; Matthew Boyle in London at mboyle20@bloomberg.net
To contact the editors responsible for this story: Celeste Perri at cperri@bloomberg.net ; Jeffrey McCracken at jmccracken3@bloomberg.net ; Aaron Kirchfeld at akirchfeld@bloomberg.net Paul Jarvis, Marthe Fourcade
Press spacebar to pause and continue. Press esc to stop.

Gas prices expected to fall  could hit $3 per gallonGas prices expected to fall, could hit $3 per gallon
Gas prices expected to fall, could hit $3 per gallon
Prices at the pump are dropping, and some forecasts have a gallon of gas heading toward $3 a gallon.
Prices at the pump are dropping, and some forecasts have a gallon of gas heading toward $3 a gallon.

A printmakers legacyUpdated: September 16, 2014 20:01 IST
A printmaker’s legacy
SYMBOLS AND STORIES One of Gopal’s landscapes.
SYMBOLS AND STORIES One of Gopal’s OM etching
K. S. Gopal.
people
To commemorate the 25 anniversary of late artist K. S. Gopal, a monograph was released by his daughters. Besides, his etchings, collographs and plates are on view at Cholamandalam Artists Village till September 21
The 25 anniversary of late artist K.S. Gopal (1938 – 1989) was commemorated with the release of a monograph Pranavarth by his daughters G. Latha and G. Priya at Cholamandalam Artists Village. At the Laburnum and Indigo Galleries, a collection of his etchings, collographs and original plates are on display, carefully preserved by his wife Saraswati Gopal. K.S. Gopal was drawn to symbols in his art — motifs such as the lotus, linga, swastika, sun and moon occur frequently. The snake in circular form depicts the world constantly rejuvenating. In one etching, Gopal has inscribed the words Undrai Kulam Uruvanai Devam – one religion, one God. “My father was more spiritual than religious,” says Latha. “He was born in an agricultural place called Thirunindravur which translates to ‘Where the Lord stood.’ He was always connected to the land. He meditated, did gardening. In all his works, you will find earth, water and sky.”
Like many others, Gopal bought land, encouraged by K.C.S. Paniker in 1966, and Saraswati Gopal supported him in his endeavours. By 1978, Gopal had built a house and the family settled in Cholamandalam. Cherishing the times spent with their father returning home from school, Latha reminisces, “He was a real family man at heart.” At the opening function at the Cholamandalam Galleries, sculptor S. Nandagopal, who released the monograph, chose to remember the man behind the works. Senior artists M.Senathipathi, P.Gopinath and S.G.Vasudev recalled Gopal for his singular nature. Vasudev said, “He was honest, principled and sincere. He was not very ambitious but he knew what he wanted and where he stood. Importantly, he did not compare himself to anyone else.” Gopinath noted that Gopal was influenced by Tantric art, a movement created in Madras in the 1970s. Unlike artists who painted for sizeable effect, Gopal was less concerned about saleable work, experimenting bravely and resolutely with symbolism. Central to many compositions is Om, the primordial sound, concentrating on which it is believed all materiality dissolves. But the sound here is a symbol, the essence of thought that Paniker propounded of word and image. Gopinath writes ‘Yaanai’ to show how the calligraphic line forms the image. “In the south, artists have a strong sense of drawing.” Thus word and image are inextricably bound through the line. It is writing, after all, that defines script and, in linearity, the etching of symbols rests in simplified abstraction. Gopal’s works are titled generically — Composition, Landscape and Om.
Signs from the landscape
In the gallery, works of symbolism along with text are interspersed with landscapes. Art historian Ashrafi Bhagat observes in the monograph: “Within the Indian visual art tradition, the varied symbols configuring the rich iconography, incidentally, have been sourced from nature.” Gopal’s technique was reductionist and he was constantly distilling signs from the landscape to render meaning.
In one landscape, undecipherable notations, as if torn from parchment, are placed on either side of a lotus. In the next work, we see symbols we identify with, the Om at centre and writings in Tamil from numerous scripts. Comparing the two, it appears Gopal was drawing the written language from its origins in nature, to indicate words make up the universe, with one word, one sound, central to all of it — Om.
Why did Gopal choose to etch and not draw or paint? Etching is usually preferred as a method of reproduction, but Gopal’s print editions are usually just about 10, while printmakers normally do runs of 100.
He was interested in what the technique had to offer, the tools and methods that could best fashion his explorations. “In those days, it was very hard to get a zinc plate even,” explains Gopinath. “So he made collographs initially.” Here, the reversed image was etched into a bed of French chalk and adhesive mixture on a mount board base.
The reflective nature of the image is common to etching and photography. Gopal rendered his collographs in monochromatic hues of reds, oranges and greens.
These have a latent luminosity, as if holding a secret like the photographic negative.
Following K.S Gopal’s line of interpretation, one sees the world as that negative and its symbolic interpretation as the positive through the mind’s eye.
At Cholamandalam till September 21, 2014.

Firstouch eyes regional language smartphone marketUpdated: September 16, 2014 23:49 IST
Firstouch eyes regional language smartphone market
Special Correspondent
mobile phones
Firstouch, a Mumbai-based firm dealing with mobile handsets, has developed and introduced a regional language smartphone in Gujarati, targeted at non-English literate first time smartphone users. The company’s Android-based smartphones, which are customised to Indian needs through their developed Operating System (OS), are distinct from other smartphones that provide language options to users.
“No other language smartphone maker has customised its operating system to cater to the needs of a semi-urban and rural smartphone user. They just add languages to the phone,” said Rakesh Deshmukh, CEO, MoFirst Solutions. “We have developed a 48-key predictive vernacular keyboard which is designed to easily type Indian matras and characters with features like auto-complete and word suggestions among others. The users are finding it very easy to handle,” Mr. Deshmukh said. He said the company had also developed a swipe language technology, which allowed users to translate and transliterate Indian regional languages text to English and vice versa with a single swipe making it easy to understand and communicate.
Firstouch did a pilot project in Saurashtra and Kutch in Gujarat in May 2014 and has sold over 3,000 phones priced at Rs.6,000 each.
“We will soon launch regional smartphones in Hindi, Marathi, Tamil, Telugu, Bengali, Kannada, Malayalam, Punjabi and Odia languages,” Mr. Rakesh Deskhukh said.

200 youths shave off their heads to ward off ill omens caused by a simians deathComments
It is monkey business of a different sort. Nearly 200 youths had their heads tonsured to ward off the ‘ill omen’ brought on by the death of a simian within the village boundaries.
Some of the youngsters at Dakachya village in Sanwer tehsil in Indore who had their heads tonsured to ward off the "ill omen" caused by the death of a monkey within the village's boundaries. (HT Photo)
Surprised? There's more. The monkey's last rites were performed in accordance with Hindu rituals and the ashes will shortly be carried off to Hardwar to be immersed in the Ganga.
Apparently still doubtful if the measures would fully wash off the taint of inauspiciousness, the villagers on Sunday organised a lavish mrityu bhoj (community feast after death) that cost around Rs. 1.50 lakh and was attended by nearly 2,000 people.
The monkey was one of a pair of simians that strayed into Dakachya village in Sanwer tehsil, around 20 km from the district headquarters, on September 2. It turned out to be an ill-fated move.
"The pair was chased by dogs and one of them fell into a water-filled ditch and drowned," said village sarpanch Rameshji.
"We pulled out the body the next morning", said the sarpanch and pointed out that the "vanar raja", considered a form of Hanuman, was held in deep respect by the roughly 6,000-odd residents.
"Village elders said it was very inauspicious if a monkey died in the village and said the body needed to be cremated with full Hindu rites to avoid any misfortune befalling the village," Rameshji added.
The dead simian's body was taken out in a funeral procession to a cremation ground on the village outskirts on the banks of the Kshipra.
"It was while returning home after the cremation that we decided to organise a mrityu bhoj," the sarpanch told this reporter.
The feast was made possible through contributions in both cash and kind. "Villages contributed wheat for the chapattis while vegetables and other foodstuffs were purchased through cash donations," said the sarpanch.
Mithun Patwari, one of the organisers, said the mritu bhoj was originally to be held on the gyarveenh (eleventh day after death). “However, we later decided to shift it forward and hold it on the 12th day (Sunday) so that schoolchildren could also attend,” said Patwari.

Cut rate to spur loan growth: Bankers to RBICut rate to spur loan growth: Bankers to RBI
BS Reporter | Mumbai Sep 17, 2014 12:48 AM IST
Amid the banking system’s credit growth slowing to December 2009 levels, lenders have asked the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to cut the repo rate, or the rate at which they borrow from the central bank.
On Tuesday, the RBI governor and deputy governors held a meeting in this regard with representatives from bank treasury departments, fund houses, primary dealers and microfinance institutions.
According to latest data, growth in loans for the year ended August 22 fell below 11 per cent from 16.8 per cent for the year-ago period; deposit growth stood at 13.6 per cent.
The repo rate, eight per cent as of now, has been unchanged since the central bank’s first bi-monthly monetary policy review in April. On Monday, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan had said inflation was still high and, therefore, interest rates couldn’t be cut, as inflation would rise further. The central bank’s next monetary policy review is scheduled for September 30.
According to sources RBI also took feedback from various market participants on payment banks and small banks. RBI is likely to issue final guidelines on small and payments banks soon, paving the way for corporates to enter these two segments.Yesterday RBI deputy governor R Gandhi said that RBI has received comments on small and payment banks draft guidelines that it had introduced in July. "the public comments have received and we are factoring that in and soon we will come out the final guidelines on these two," Gandhi said.
Besides that banks have also urged the regulator that the database across credit bureaus should be shared among all the credit bureaus as this shall facilitate better decision making for banks towards credit approvals. In recent times banks have been reeling under the impact of bad loans. Microfinance institutions have also put forward this point to RBI that under Priority Sector Lending (PSL) whether banks are directly granting loans to the PSL categories or indirectly through microfinance institutions, both should be considered as a part of PSL.
Market participants have also demanded RBI that Liquidity Adjustment Facility (LAF) should be conducted even on Saturdays. Currently these are held from Monday to Friday. Besides that banks have also demanded for relaxation in the daily Cash Reserve Ratio (CRR) requirement. Currently banks have to adhere to a cash reserve ratio (CRR) requirement of 95 per cent daily and 100 per cent on a fortnightly basis. According to bankers these moves shall help in better liquidity management for banks.

Scotland can prosper whether Yes or NoStop the scaremongering – Scotland can prosper, Yes or No
By John Kay
©Getty
Last week, financial markets began to take seriously the possibility that Scotland might vote Yes to independence. A constitutional change would raise the possibility of three types of market risk: currency risk, government credit risk and the credit risk associated with financial institutions.
The position on currency is today a stand-off. The Scottish government has said it will negotiate a currency union and the Westminster government has said it will not enter such negotiation. But Edinburgh cannot unilaterally establish a currency union and the Westminster government cannot unilaterally determine Scotland’s currency. Plainly there must be agreement. However, might this agreement leave people who had made deposits or loans in sterling at risk of being repaid in Scots bawbees of doubtful value?
More
Mob justice is a dangerous trend
As the eurozone discovered, establishing a currency union is easy, operating one is hard and unwinding one is hard. You can pass legislation saying all contracts made in drachmas are now payable in euros; but legislation saying contracts made in euros are now payable in drachmas is another matter. To which contracts does the latter apply? However the question is resolved, the answer will hurt many businesses and individuals, and occupy the courts.
But there is a simple answer in the Scottish case, which is that whatever happens after a new currency is adopted, existing contracts in sterling remain in sterling. This means there is no currency risk ahead of a change. The same answer is not possible for Greece because the point of a Grexit would be to enable the country to default on its debts and effect a large devaluation, a course unnecessary and unwise for Scotland.
British government stocks tumbled last week when opinion polls showed the campaigns neck and neck – perhaps because markets did not know what to make of the news, perhaps because of the Scottish government’s threat to renege on its share of UK debt. But, even if the Scots did so, this would add less than 10 per cent to the debt servicing cost of the rest of the UK – which, at about 2.5 per cent of gross domestic product, is hardly unaffordable.
There is little justification for believing a Scottish exit, on whatever terms, should affect the credit rating of the remaining UK: what repudiation would do to Scotland’s credit rating is a different matter. It is one thing to start life as a new country debt free, another to do so because you have just reneged on a pro rata share of UK debt of £100bn.
The third risk associated with independence is a change in the credit risk attached to financial institutions. Banks and other companies can operate in the EU through branches of their home business, or by establishing local subsidiaries in other member states. Sweden’s Handelsbanken uses branches; the Spanish Santander takes deposits in Scotland into its English subsidiary. If a bank fails, the saver has a claim on the appropriate deposit protection scheme – that of the country in which the regulated entity is located. As in Santander’s case, that might be neither the country where you made the deposit nor the one where the bank’s head office is located.
More video
The “lender of last resort” facility provides liquidity support if there is a run on a bank. Last week’s interrogation of Mark Carney , governor of the Bank of England, at Westminster’s Treasury select committee confused that issue with a quite separate one: the reserves needed to sustain a currency peg; and the resources needed to provide liquidity support to the banking system. The scale of modern speculative capital flows is such that there is probably no currency reserve large enough to sustain the price of a clearly overvalued currency. Meanwhile, the availability of liquidity support to solvent institutions depends not on the reserves available but on the credit rating of the provider of such support – whether another bank, a government or a central bank.
In depth

Millennials are finally moving out of Moms basement -- and into Siss garageGood news from Jed Kolko at  Trulia : The share of millennials who live with their parents is falling. We’re finally leaving the nest! Barely.
Source: Trulia, based on the Current Population Survey (CPS) 2014 Annual Social and Economic Supplement (ASEC).
Don’t get too excited, though. We’re leaving the nest but not actually starting our own households. The share of 18-to-34-year-olds who head a household, either as a renter or an owner, declined last year, almost matching its lowest level on record.
Source: Trulia, based on the Current Population Survey (CPS) 2014 Annual Social and Economic Supplement (ASEC).
Homeownership rates likewise fell to a new low .
Since young people aren’t buying or renting their own places , where are they ending up? Kolko says that the available data suggest “an increase in the percentage of young adults living in households headed by siblings or other relatives.” (The share of millennials living with non-family roommates was essentially unchanged from the previous year, he said in a phone conversation.)
That’s right: Young people appear to be moving out of Mom’s basement, and into Sis’s garage — or Uncle’s attic, or Grandma’s spare room, or onto Cousin’s futon. The data we have at the moment aren’t great — it’s a small sample size — but over the next month we should expect more clarity and better figures showing which relatives are increasingly sheltering failure-to-launch younguns.
Catherine Rampell is an opinion columnist at The Washington Post.

India aims for stronger relations with ChinaNarendra Modi aims for stronger relations with China on Xi's India visit
Rupam Jain Nair     Ahmedabad   Last Updated: September 17, 2014  | 09:59 IST
Police personnel patrol on their horses past a boarding with images of (L-R) Prime Minister Narendra Modi, China's President Xi Jinping and Anandiben Patel, Chief Minister of Gujarat, ahead of Xi's arrival in Ahmedabad (Photo: Reuters)
The electricity board in this Indian city has been instructed to avoid any power cuts and officials have been told to have their shoes polished and their shirts tucked in: Nothing has been left to chance for this week's visit by Chinese President Xi Jinping.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is determined to build closer relations with the world's second-largest economy, whose leader comes with pledges to invest billions of dollars in railways, industrial parks and roads.
He hopes that when Xi arrives in his home state of Gujarat on Wednesday, marking the first visit to India by a Chinese President since 2006, the leaders of the world's two most populous nations will establish a personal rapport.
"The two... have the opportunity to craft a new kind of relationship between great powers that is very different from the Western-dominated, post-World War Two model of great power ties," said Jabin Jacob of the Institute of Chinese Studies in New Delhi.
"It remains to be seen, however, whether Modi and Xi can together summon the vision and statesmanship needed to grab the opportunity," he wrote in a commentary before the visit.
In one sign that the government wants the visit to be a success, it asked the Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama to reschedule an event in the capital so that it would not clash with the Chinese President's trip in the national capital on Friday.
The Dalai Lama, who Beijing labels a separatist seeking an independent Tibet, has lived in India since fleeing across the Himalayas after a failed uprising in his homeland in 1959.
MODI'S "INTENSIVE" FOREIGN POLICY
But despite the moonlight dinner that the two leaders will share in a luxury tent on the banks of the Sabarmati river as Modi celebrates his 64th birthday, strains between the nuclear-armed neighbours remain, and the prime minister has made it clear that his regional foreign policy will be robust.
In a little more than 100 days since he came to power, Modi has engaged in what his government describes as "an intensive state of global engagement", reaching out to smaller neighbours and clasping Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in a bear hug on his first major trip outside South Asia.
Business ties between India and China may be growing fast, but relations between the two rising powers are also defined by competition for energy and regional clout, as well as a festering border dispute that led to a brief war 52 years ago.
The government said on Tuesday it would firmly defend its 3,500-km (2,200-mile) border with China after domestic media reported a new face-off on the disputed frontier.
The Hindustan Times reported that more than 200 soldiers of the People's Liberation Army crossed into what India considers its territory in Ladakh in the western Himalayas last week, and set about building a 2-km (1.2-mile) road there.
Separately, the Modi government has eased restrictions on building roads and military facilities along its border with China to close the gap on its neighbour's superior transport network and take a stronger stance towards Beijing.
And this week, India extended a $100 million export credit for defence deals with Vietnam, one of China's rivals for influence in the South China Sea.
Modi is not the only regional leader seeking strategic influence, defence partners and economic opportunities.
Earlier this month Abe visited Bangladesh and Sri Lanka, asserting Tokyo's interest in a region where it has ceded influence to China.
Xi followed this week with trips to the Maldives, the Indian Ocean island nation that New Delhi has long considered its area of influence, and Sri Lanka, where the two sides built on a blossoming relationship by agreeing to launch negotiations for a free trade agreement.
(Reuters)

Anushka Sharma graces Burberry showentertainment
Anushka Sharma graces Burberry show
Bollywood actress Anushka Sharma was the fresh face at the London Fashion Week this year as she was one of the special guests at Burberry's showcase of the spring-summer 2015 collection. Pictured here, Anushka poses for a picture along with South Korean actress and model Ko So Young and Hong Kong singer Joey Yung.
Anushka Sharma was chic in a flowy belted printed dress by Burberry with peep-toe booties also by the mega Fashion House.
Anushka Sharma shows off some leg as she watches the show.
Related

LinguaNext sets up Japanese subsidiaryLinguaNext sets up Japanese subsidiary
Our Bureau
Pune, Sept 17:  
LinguaNext Technologies Pvt Ltd has established LinguaNext Japan KK, its first overseas subsidiary.
Jagdish Sahasrabudhe, the Pune-based company’s CEO said, “Japan is a strategic market for LinguaNext as there are many world-class companies using English-language software that will benefit from being able to run those applications in Japanese.”
David Crouch, CEO and Representative Director, LinguaNext Japan added, “There are many Japanese business software providers whose customers want to run their solutions across their overseas operations. Using LinguaNext’s language adaptors, those Japanese software providers will be able to offer their solutions to their customers in multiple languages and sell their solutions in new overseas markets.”
The LinguaNext language conversion tool can be switched on or off at the user-level, allowing customers to run mixed-language installations and giving end-users within a single organisation the flexibility to select the language they need. This allows customers to run a single instance of each software application across multiple countries, leading to lower IT infrastructure and support costs.
LinguaNext Japan expects to work closely with SAP and other leading software vendors in Japan as it is an accredited SAP ‘Endorsed Business Solution’ Partner and has secured a major order from SAP to create a Japanese language version of their Afaria mobile enterprise management tool.
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Health tech start-up DoctorC raises Rs 2.5-cr funding from US firmHealth tech start-up DoctorC raises Rs 2.5-cr funding from US firm
K V Kurmanath
Hyderabad, Sept. 17:  
Health technology start-up DoctorC has raised seed funding of Rs 2.5 crore from the US-based Leviathan Investments.
Launched last year, the company is selling at the rate over one crore worth of tests annually, Mansi Gandhi, COO and co-founder of DoctorC, said here in a press release on Wednesday.
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

Former Assam police chief  quizzed in Saradha scam  commits suicideSaradha scam: Former Assam top cop shoots self
Press Trust of India | Guwahati Sep 18, 2014 12:45 AM IST
Former Assam director general of police Shankar Barua, whose premises were searched by Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) in connection with the Saradha chit fund scam last month, allegedly committed suicide by shooting himself at his residence on Wednesday.
Guwahati Senior Superintendent of Police A P Tiwari said Barua was rushed to a nursing home around noon and declared dead there. “Barua is no more. Investigation is on. We cannot say anything now. Only after the investigation is over we can talk about the details,” Tiwari said.
Family sources said Barua had slipped into depression after his name was linked to the Saradha scam.
The body of Barua, who is said to have shot himself in the head, has been sent for post mortem.
Barua was undergoing treatment in a local hospital after he had complained of chest pain last week. He was discharged this morning. “He came home and within half an hour he went to the terrace and shot himself with a pistol. He was immediately rushed to a nearby hospital by family members,” they said.
Non-stop coverage by television channels relating to him had upset the former DGP, the family said.
A CBI spokesperson in Delhi said that the former director general of Assam police was neither examined by CBI nor was he summoned.
Barua’s name got linked with the scam after an employee of Saradha’s media house here alleged last year that he had provided ‘protection’ to them in Assam, which was arranged by Assamese singer and filmmaker Sadananda Gogoi on behalf of the group.
Gogoi was taken to Kolkata by CBI for further questioning and was subsequently arrested on September 12.
CBI had conducted searches in 12 premises on August 28 in connection with the multi-crore rupees ponzi scheme scam including residences of two former Assam ministers.
Guwahati SSP Tiwari told PTI that the former DGP’s licenced .32 revolver has been recovered from the site with one empty cartridge and five live rounds. “We have also collected fingerprints from the weapon and other articles. Doctors will formally give their report tomorrow (Thursday),” he said. The post-mortem of the body is done.
Meanwhile, terming the demise of Barua as “unfortunate”, Assam Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi said, “He was an upright and efficient police officer who discharged his duties conscientiously and assiduously.”
A 1974-batch Assam-Meghalaya cadre IPS officer, 63-year-old Barua was the DGP of Assam between 2009 and 2011. He is survived by his wife, two sons and 95-year-old mother.
After the post-mortem, his body was taken to the Kahilipara campus of Assam Police where senior administrative and police officials paid tributes. On behalf of the chief minister, Chief Secretary Jitesh Khosla placed a floral wreath on the body of the deceased.
In New Delhi, CBI spokesperson rubbished some media reports about the agency putting pressure on Barua. “This is a sad and unfortunate incident and CBI expresses its condolences,” the spokesperson said.

Stock futures mixed ahead of Fed decisionFutures mixed as investors await Fed on rates
By: William Cummings September 17, 2014 7:45 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Stock futures were mixed Wednesday as Wall Street investors remain focused on Janet Yellen ahead of the Federal Reserve chair’s announcement Wednesday afternoon of the results of the Fed’s two-day September meeting.
Here is where stock stood ahead of the opening bell (last updated 7:45 a.m.):
Dow: + 0.04%
S&P 500: + 0.01%
Nasdaq: – 0.07%
Asian markets were mixed, with Japan’s Nikkei 225 losing 22.86 points, or 0.1%, to close at 15,888.67 while Hong Kong’s Hang Seng index climbed 240.4 points, or 1%, to 24,376.41 and the Shanghai Composite gained 11.34 points, or 0.5%, to 2307.89.
European markets were mostly higher as  Germany’s DAX rose 0.4% and France’s CAC 40 gained 0.7%. Britain’s FTSE 100 was flat ahead of Thursday’s Scotland vote for independence.

Sensex up 139 points; Fed  China stimulus hopes boost global marketsTweet
Mumbai, Sept 17:  
Sensex was up 139 points on the back of good demand for IT and capital goods stocks. The benchmark index opened on a positive note at 26,627 against the previous close of 26,493. It made a high of 26,683 and low of 26,512 before closing at 26,631.
The turnover on the BSE was down at Rs 3,898 crore against Rs 4,369 crore logged on Tuesday.
On the NSE, Nifty was up 43 per cent at 7,975.
Most cement stocks on the BSE gained on hopes that the demand will revive with the southwest monsoon receding slowly.
Among IT stocks, Infosys gained two per cent to Rs 3,740 as the company said during market hours that Japan’s leading retailer Muji has deployed its InteractEdge software which will provide superior shopping experience through real time insights into the buying behaviour of customers.
Tata Consultancy Services was up one per cent at Rs 2,588 while Wipro rose one per cent to Rs 567. Wipro said that the company's subsidiary Wipro Arabia has entered into a strategic partnership with Saudi-based Saudi Electricity Company, the largest power utility company in the Middle East serving about 5 million customers in Saudi Arabia. Tech Mahindra and HCL Techologies were up 0.24 per cent and one per cent at Rs 2,427 and Rs 1,626.
Capital goods stocks that gained include ABB (India) (up 6%), Bharat Heavy Electricals (up 2%), BEML (up 1%), Bharat Electronics (up 1.19%), Crompton Greaves (up 4%), L&T (up 0.25%), Punj Lloyd (up 0.26%) and Siemens (up 3%).
SAIL was down 2% to Rs 75.55 on unconfirmed news that the Government is likely to offer five per cent discount on stake sale slated between September 24 and 26.
Major gainers were Nalco (7%), ABB (6%), Pipava Dockyard (4%), Bajaj Fin Service (4%), Crompoten Greaves (4%), Infratel (4%), Andhra Bank (4%), J&K Bank (4%) and CESC (4%).
Prominent losers were Reliance Communication (-4%), Shriram City Union Finance (4%), IRB (-4%) and Indian Hotels (-3%).
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

Heres introducing Khoobsurat Prince charming Fawad Afzal KhanFawad first made his acting debut onstage in a high school play.
Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: September 19, 2014 9:23 am | Updated: September 19, 2014 11:37 am
He’s yet to make his Bollywood debut, but Pakistani actor Fawad Afzal Khan already has the ladies hung up about his good looks and charm thanks to his hit TV show ‘Zindagi Gulza Hai’ which aired a few months ago. While we eagerly wait to see the actor romance Sonam Kapoor in soon-to-release ‘Khoobsurat’, we thought we would give you a bit of an introduction to this handsome bearded star.
Born in Lahore, Pakistan, Fawad Afzal Khan spent most of his childhood in Greece, Saudi Arabia and United Kingdom. At the age of 12, Fawad made his return to Lahore, where he completed his schooling and later obtained a degree in Computer Science.
Fawad first made his acting debut onstage in a high school play. At the young age of 13, Fawad began his modeling career. He walked the ramp along with Pakistani model and actress, Mahira Khan at the India Bridal Fashion Week and the PFDC L’Oréal Paris Bridal Week Day.
In 2000, Fawad first appeared onscreen at the age of 19 in a Television serial, ‘Jutt and Bond’. Later, in 2008, Fawad Khan acted in ‘Satrangi’, which is a travel and adventure drama series. He played the role of a young engineering student who takes a road trip in a hired bus along with his friends.
In 2010, Fawad took up the lead role of Hassan, in Haissam Hussain’s ‘Dastaan’.
In Pics: Star spotting: Sonam, Fawad in Delhi; Soha, Arjun, Akshay step out
Apart from being the perfect eye candy, Fawad is also a singer. He began his music career with Pakistani rock band Entity Paradigm as the lead vocalist. His first album ‘Irtiqa’ came out in 20013 and received wide critical appreciation, especially the popular romantic track ‘Rahguzar’.
Other songs from album including ‘Waqt’ and ‘Kahan Hai Tu’ were produced by Fawad and became successful hits.
In 2007, Fawad quit the band but they reunited in 2010 to perform in the third season of ‘Coke Studio’.
But it was his role in 2011 television serial ‘Humsafar’ , which will go on air in India soon, that really made him a hero. Fawad played the role of Ashar Hussain, a wealthy man who marries his middle-class cousin. His onscreen chemistry with co-star Mahira Khan was greatly praised along with his performance. ‘Humsafar’ received Pakistan’s highest rating ever, at 9.75.
After 2013, Fawad also appeared in ‘Ashk’ opposite Neelam Muneer, Mehreen Raheel and in another serial ‘Zindagi Gulzar Hai’, which was an instant hit in India too on its release this year.
Coming to his film career, Fawad Khan first appeared in Shoaib Mansoor’s ‘Khuda Kay Liye’ (2007), which turned out to be a huge blockbuster. Labeled as the highest-grossing Pakistani film of that year, Fawad Khan’s role as Sarmad the singer catapulted him to star status.

On Rajinikanths complaint  Madras HC stays the release of Hindi film Main Hoon RajinikanthIn his petition, Rajinikanth, who approached the court using his real name Shivaji Rao Gaekwad, has demanded that the court stop the release and screening of 'Main Hoon Rajinikanth'.
Written by Arun Janardhanan | Chennai | Posted: September 17, 2014 4:19 pm
The Madras High Court on Wednesday stayed the release of ‘Main Hoon Rajinikanth’, a forthcoming Hindi feature film after Tamil superstar Rajinikanth had moved the court complaining that the producer of the movie had copied his superhero image from his various movies and that there are scenes of immoral nature.
Hearing the petition, Justice S Tamilvanan of Madras HC granted interim injunction restraining Varsha Productions, Rizvi Mansion Cooperative Society, L J Road, Mahim West, Mumbai, from releasing the movie.
In his petition, Rajinikanth, who approached the court using his real name Shivaji Rao Gaekwad, has demanded that the court stop the release and screening of “Main Hoon Rajinikanth.”
Citing examples of lifting or exploiting the superhero image of Rajinikanth in the pre-release advertisements including video releases, online advertisements, articles and posters of “Main Hoon Rajinikanth,” Rajinikanth’s complaint said the producer has not approached him for consent or permission to use his super hero image to promote the new film.
Invoking ‘personality rights,’ the complaint said that Rajinikanth’s irrefutable acting ability, charisma, distinct personal style, mannerisms and stylized delivery of dialogue in films have contributed to his mass popularity and appeal.
“His popularity as coming from his larger-than-life appearance in many films, supported by gravity-defying stunts and charismatic expressions/dialogues which often attain cult status, whilst preferring to maintain humility and simplicity in real life,” the complaint said.
Adithya Menon and Kavita Radheshyam playing the lead roles, “Main Hoon Rajinikanth”, directed by Faisal Saif, portrays the life of a funny and wicked CBI officer-cum-contract killer Rajinikanth Rao.

Do half of Chinas millionaires really want to emigrate Not exactlyChina's Transition
September 17, 2014
Half of China’s wealthiest men and women are eager to leave their home country, according to a report from Barclays released this week. Specifically, up to  47% of Chinese with more than $1.5 million in total net worth surveyed by the bank would like to move abroad, compared to the global average of 29%, the report said.
But as Adam Minter, an author and columnist for Bloomberg, points out, the survey is based on a small and unrepresentative subsection  of Chinese millionaires—those willing to speak to a stranger about sensitive financial matters. Minter’s point gets at the heart of what is difficult about dissecting the behavior of China’s oligarchs: most of them are intensely secretive and work hard to stay out of the limelight.
Conspicuous wealth makes Chinese businessmen and women a target for the country’s anti-corruption authorities. A study in 2012 found that Chinese listed on the Shanghai-based Hurun Rich List were more likely to be investigated and more likely to see the market value of their listed companies fall. And emigration is particularly sensitive, as Beijing has recently pledged to pursue some 150 “ economic fugitives ” living in the United States.
It makes sense for Chinese entrepreneurs and wealthy to at least remain close to China. “The reality is that most ultra-high net worth individuals in China are probably making money in China right now,” Liam Bailey, a researcher at the broker Knight Frank LLP said in the report  (pdf. p.14). “So, for business reasons, they need to be relatively close. That might prevent some of them going further afield,” he said.
Indeed, of the Chinese polled, 30% said their top emigration destination was the semi-autonomous territory Hong Kong. If Hong Kong is stripped out, only about 34% of Chinese surveyed want to leave the mainland. As Minter noted, That’s a lower percentage of eager-to-emigrate millionaires in Qatar and on par with those in Latin America.

PM Modi welcomes Chinese President in AhmedabadPM Modi welcomes Chinese President in Ahmedabad
RBI: Final Norms For On-Tap Bank Licences This FiscalRBI: Final Norms For On-Tap Bank Licences This Fiscal
PM Modi launches 11 schemes under Swavalamban AbhiyanPM Modi launches 11 schemes under Swavalamban Abhiyan
Blackstone eyeing $16B in new global fundBlackstone eyeing $16B in new global fund
CRISIL reaffirms `AAA/Stable/A1+`on ACC bank facilitiesCRISIL reaffirms `AAA/Stable/A1+`on ACC bank facilities
PF Body Chief for Investing Your Money in StocksPF Body Chief for Investing Your Money in Stocks
SBI cuts deposit rates to 8.75%SBI cuts deposit rates to 8.75%
Hang Seng rises for the first time in nine daysHang Seng rises for the first time in nine days
Apollo To Buy Pharmacy Retail Chain HeteroApollo To Buy Pharmacy Retail Chain Hetero
IndiGo signs $2.6 billion deal with China s ICBC to buy planesIndiGo inks $2.6-billion pact with Chinese bank
BS Reporter | New Delhi/ Mumbai Sep 18, 2014 12:49 AM IST
 
India’s largest no-frills carrier IndiGo signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Ltd (ICBC). Under the pact with IndiGo, ICBC, China’s largest commercial bank, will finance the airline’s plans to purchase 30 aircraft. The deal size is valued at $2.6 billion.
Currently, IndiGo has 81 Airbus A320 planes and the airline operates some 500 flights daily. In 2005, IndiGo placed an order for 100 Airbus A320s followed by another order for 180 planes (150 A320neos and 30 A320s) in 2011.
FLYING HIGH
Currently, IndiGo has 81 Airbus A320 planes and the airline operates some 500 flights daily
In 2005, IndiGo placed an order for 100 Airbus A320s followed by another order for 180 planes (150 A320neos and 30 A320s) in 2011
Under the MoU, ICBC will provide financing for the planes through either sale and leaseback, financial lease or commercial lending
IndiGo is not listed and does not publicise annual reports. According to the airline’s balance sheet for the year ending March 2013, it had long-term borrowings of Rs 1,617 crore and this included foreign currency term loans (Rs 276 crore) and aircraft finance lease obligations (Rs 1,340 crore).
The interest rate for term loans was pegged at Libor-plus-premium carried. The balance sheet shows that some of the term loans were secured against the assignment of certain rights under aircraft purchase agreement signed with Airbus.
The announcement of MoUs, signed at an India-China business meeting organised by the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry, coincides with Chinese President Xi Jinping’s three-day visit to India. Xi arrived in Ahmedabad on Wednesday.
“Through this MoU, ICBC will provide IndiGo financial solutions for the introduction of A320 and the other family of aircraft to the fleet in the form of sale and lease back or financial lease or commercial lending. The number of aircraft would be about 30 and the value of the deal would reach to the amount of $2.6 billion,” said Aditya Ghosh, president, IndiGo.
Under the MoU, ICBC will provide financing for the planes through either sale and leaseback, financial lease or commercial lending, IndiGo said in a statement here.
IndiGo already has a relationship with ICBC and this new effort will cement the relationship, the statement added.

Gilead s hepatitis C drug licensing to benefit more patients: GovtGilead's hepatitis C drug licensing to benefit more patients: Govt
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Sep 17, 2014 03:34 PM IST
The signing of licensing agreement by US-based drug maker Gilead Sciences Inc for hepatitis C drug with seven India-based firms will give access to many patients to buy this medicine at affordable prices, the government said today.
A delegation of Gilead Sciences Inc yesterday met Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman and informed about the signing of non-exclusive licensing agreements.
The Gilead team also briefed the minister about the fact that no price limitations have been fixed in the said licensing deal in order to ensure adequate competition amongst the licensees resulting in competitive prices for the patients.
"Sitharaman welcomed the development as this will result in expansion of access of these drugs to many more patients," an official statement said.
The delegation has also informed the minister that under the licensing agreements, the Indian companies receive a technology transfer of the Gilead manufacturing process to enable them to scale up production as quickly as possible.
Further, it said that during the meeting Sitharaman emphasised that pharmaceutical industry has a pronounced human aspect and such a sector cannot be governed by the commercial considerations alone.
"India respects the intellectual property in new drugs but also emphasised that complete technology transfer is important to enhance the country's manufacturing capabilities in this critical area," the statement said quoting Sitharaman.
India appreciates the value of innovation and partnerships to improve access of medicines through transparent, non restrictive voluntary licensing and hope that it will help in technology transfer in front-end technologies in healthcare, she said.
The seven Indian companies which has signed the deal include Cadila Healthcare, Cipla, Mylan Lab, Ranbaxy Lab and Strides Arcolab to manufacture Sofosbuvir (hepatitis C drug) and the investigational single tablet regimen of ledipasvir/ sofosbuvir for distribution in 91 developing countries.
These countries account for 54 per cent of the total global infected population of Hepatitis C.
On September 15, the US-based drug maker has signed licensing agreements for hepatitis C to make them available in 91 developing countries.
Hepatitis C is a liver disease caused by the hepatitis C virus. It is a blood borne virus and the most common modes of infection are through unsafe injection practices; inadequate sterilisation of medical equipment in some health-care settings; and unscreened blood and blood products, as per WHO.

Combo of 3 Denim For Men @ Use Coupon Code APPARELSBuy Now Buy Now Add to wishlist Add to wishlist
  CHECK DELIVERY TIME &
  DELIVERS IN                        3-6                         BUSINESS DAYS
  CASH ON DELIVERY AVAILABLE
About Stylox Combo of 3 Denim For Men
Now you can make everyday glamorous with a pair of these jeans made by Stylox. You are getting three denims of different colours in this combo. These are a comfortable option for leisurely days and this has been cut from a light weight fabric. You are going to experience heavenly comfort when you will wear this. You will glow with a lasting impression with these jeans. All of them have a button closure and a zippered fly. You should buy it immediately because of the mind blowing price tag hanging with this.
Disclaimer:Designs, colours and patterns on the actual product may slightly vary from designs shown in the image.
User Reviews of Stylox Combo of 3 Denim For Men
How do you rate this product  *
How do I write meaningful reviews?
Write only about product features, specifications, looks, usages, pros and cons etc.
Minimum review length should be 10 words so the review looks meaningful.
Do not use abusive words. Please don't copy reviews from other sites.
For service related queries, complaint, request or suggestions, please Write Here .
4 out of 5
Rajesh Gulgili on
2014-08-29
stylox Combo works out well at such an attractive rate. I wont regret if I reorder. The colour is nice. the design and feature works out well. I recommmend the product and please dont worry about the price. where can you avail such a nice product at the rate
Was this review helpful to you?

Nilekani: No question of returning to Infosys‘Excellent team in place. No need for me to return’
Hyderabad, Sept 15:  
Infosys co-founder and former Chief Executive Officer Nandan Nilekani has categorically stated that there is no question of him going back to the IT major.
“No, I am not going to join back,” he told Business Line.
Nilekani quit the IT firm to build the Unique Identification Authority of India, touted to be the world’s biggest database. He later quit the post of UIDAI (Unique Identification Authority of India) to contest Lok Sabha polls from Bangalore on a Congress ticket.
“There is an excellent in team in place (to run the company). There is no need (for me to rejoin the firm),” he said.
Nilekani was in the city on Saturday to receive the V Krishnamurthy Excellence Award for his work.
The other founder NR Narayana Murthy is back at the helm to steer the company out of the woods.
Once the IT bellwether of the country, it faces stiff competition from Cognizant that ousted it from the second position. After exodus of top rung leaders, it wanted Murthy back to set the things right.
Infosys former Chief Financial Officer Mohandas Pai and several employees wanted Nandan Nilekani to return to rejuvenate the firm.
Book writing
Asked what he is working on at present, the UIDAI former Chairman said that a book on technology in governance is almost ready. “It will be ready soon,” he said.
Nilekani’s 2010 book ‘Imagining India: The Idea of a Renewed Nation’ was an instant success. The author this time would suggest ways on how we could improve governance using technology.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)
Related

Gold  silver rebound on global cuesNew Delhi, September 15, 2014
Updated: September 15, 2014 17:11 IST
Gold, silver rebound on global cues
PTI
bullion
Snapping its three-day losing streak, gold staged a comeback to close higher by Rs 80 to Rs 27,450 per ten gram in the national capital on Monday amid a firming trend overseas.
Silver followed suit and recovered by Rs 250 to Rs 41,500 per kg on increased offtake by industrial units and coin makers. Buying at prevailing levels by jewellers also supported the upside.
Traders said sentiments turned better after gold recovered from an eight-month low in global markets on speculation that reduced prices may spur purchases before the Federal Reserve begins a two-day policy meeting.
Gold in Singapore, which normally sets price trend on the domestic front, rose by 0.4 per cent to $1,235.07 an ounce and silver traded a shade higher at $18.64 an ounce.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity was up by Rs 80 each to Rs 27,450 and Rs 27,250 per ten gram, respectively. It had lost Rs 430 in the previous three sessions.
Sovereign, however, held steady at Rs 24,400 per piece of eight gram in limited deals.
In a similar fashion, silver ready recovered by Rs 250 to Rs 41,500 per kg and weekly based delivery by Rs 150 to Rs 41,450 per kg, after losing Rs 920 in last three days.
On the other hand, silver coins continued to be enquired at last level of Rs 71,000 for buying and Rs 72,000 for selling of 100 pieces.

Krugman Slams Influential Economistskrugman slams influential economists
A social-enterprise founder on the  euphoria and terror  of a startupA social-enterprise founder on the 'euphoria and terror' of a startup
A social-enterprise founder on the 'euphoria and terror' of a startup
Kathleen Wright, founder and CEO of Piece & Co., which provides employment opportunities to women artisans in the developing world, discusses her company's goals and, with an assist from a book, the two emotions that you experience in a startup.
Kathleen Wright, founder and CEO of Piece & Co., which provides employment opportunities to women artisans in the developing world, discusses her company's goals and, with an assist from a book, the two emotions that you experience in a startup.

Boeing may win NASA space taxi contractBoeing may win NASA space taxi contract
PTI
Boeing’s proposed capsule offers the least risky option and also the one most likely to be ready to transport crew to the International Space Station.
Washington, Sept 16:  
American aerospace giant Boeing seems set to win a multibillion-dollar contract to build space taxis for NASA that will ferry astronauts to and from orbit.
The Wall Street Journal quoted US government and aerospace-industry officials as saying that Boeing may well be the winner of the competition to build the spacecraft, potentially beating its two rivals, including SpaceX.
SpaceX had been considered a favourite because of its lower costs and nimbler approach, the report said.
According to the officials, recent signals from the Obama administration indicate that NASA’s leadership has concluded on a preliminary basis that Boeing’s proposed capsule offers the least risky option, as well as the one most likely to be ready to transport crew to the International Space Station (ISS) within three years.
The officials cautioned that a last-minute shift by NASA chief Charles Bolden, who must vet the decision, could change the result of the closely watched competition.
However, interviews with numerous space experts from industry, government and elsewhere reveal a growing consensus that Boeing is likely to emerge as the big winner to develop and operate the replacement for the space—shuttle fleet, which was retired in 2011.
One of the two other bidders — SpaceX or Sierra Nevada Corp — is expected to obtain a smaller contract as a second source, experts said.
NASA currently relies on Russian rockets and capsules to fly astronauts to and from the space station.
A NASA spokesman declined to comment on the status of the proposals except to say “we anticipate an announcement” soon.
(This article was published on September 16, 2014)
Related

Momentum is building for a net neutrality compromise( kalexanderson )
Internet service providers (ISPs) and net neutrality activists appear increasingly interested in a proposal that would give consumers more control over their Internet service, a hopeful sign for compromise in the debate about whether all Internet traffic should be treated equally.
Speaking at an FCC roundtable Tuesday, Stanford University net neutrality scholar Barbara van Schewick said that, under certain conditions, letting Internet users individually control which Web sites were delivered at a faster or slower speed by their ISP would not violate the principle of net neutrality.
The roundtable was held a day after the Federal Communications Commission closed its net neutrality proceeding to new comments from the public.
Van Schewick's idea is similar to a proposal that AT&T outlined this summer  that would ban Internet providers from manipulating Web content — which is the FCC's goal — unless users specifically requested it. Under these approaches, known as "user-directed prioritization," consumers could ask their ISP to give streaming video priority over cloud storage traffic, or to give streaming music preferential treatment over online video games. Broadly, the practice could shift economic power for potentially determining the rise and fall of Internet businesses from ISPs to consumers; if implemented under the right conditions, user-directed or user-controlled prioritization could prevent ISPs from abusing their potential role as a gatekeeper.
"The rules we propose would allow for user-controlled prioritization," van Schewick confirmed. She warned that for user-directed prioritization to work, however, it would have to give consumers the leverage. Broadband providers should not be able to discriminate among specific applications — Hulu versus Netflix, for example. Instead, discrimination would need to be "application-agnostic." Customers should be able to choose whether to enable prioritization, said van Schewick. And only consumers who opt in, not content companies, should have to pay for that extra layer of service, she said.
@b_fung Here is the non-discrimination rule I support http://t.co/BQgWjUlAOC , p.90; discussion of user-controlled Quality of Service on p.98
— Barbara van Schewick (@vanschewick) September 16, 2014
Van Schewick's comments came in response to a question by FCC officials on the subject — a sign that the agency is taking the idea of user-controlled prioritization seriously.
Proponents of lighter Internet regulation, such the Consumer Electronics Association, said user-directed prioritization could be a viable alternative to giving ISPs the power to prioritize Web traffic independently.
"If you build it, they will come," said CEA policy executive Julie Kearney, "and I'm sure there are ISPs who will listen, hopefully, to consumers and say, 'Maybe that works with my business plan.'"
The renewed focus on user-directed prioritization marks a shift in the net neutrality debate, which has been largely dominated by a dispute over whether the FCC should begin to regulate ISPs more heavily under Title II of the Communications Act. While van Schewick and fellow net neutrality lawyer Marvin Ammori pointed out substantial remaining differences between their proposal and AT&T's on Tuesday — and although there are still questions about the idea's legal viability, as I wrote Monday — the change in tone is remarkable.
Brian Fung covers technology for The Washington Post.

Historic Floods Feared as Odile Zeroes In on Arizonahistoric floods feared as odile zeroes in on arizona
Heres what all the cool kids (and also the kids who attend Cornell) are listening to on SpotifyBy Sarah Larimer September 16 Follow @slarimer
(Screengrab/Spotify)
Do you want to feel smug and superior? Well, good news! Spotify has taken a look at what college students are listening to these days, and man, you sure do see the name “Coldplay” more often than you’d expect!
Spotify offers a student discount , and it tracked which colleges and universities had the most takers for that deal last semester. It ranked the schools with listeners who used the service the most, then released that data Tuesday .
According to a Spotify Insights post, the data revealed the following:
• NYU students listen to more hipster playlists, because they can stay on-brand.
• Cornell students are apparently up at 6 a.m. WHAT ARE YOU DOING CORNELL?
•

Loss to Flyers launches Caps prospects toward preseasonBy Alex Prewitt September 16 Follow @alex_prewitt
Andre Burakovsky, shown here at rookie camp, played in his first competitive game as a center for the Capitals (Photo by Matt McClain/ The Washington Post).
VOORHEES, N.J. – The fans stacked five deep against the boards at Flyers Skate Zone, dressed in orange and banging on the glass, because hockey was back. There were fights in the first period, two within 27 seconds. After intermission came goals, two from Philadelphia Flyers prospects within 45 seconds. And by the end of a sloppy, combative performance from the Capitals rookies on Tuesday afternoon, the visitors had lost the scrimmage, 3-0, but all seemed equally thrilled that a new season had dawned.
“It’s been a long summer,” goaltender Pheonix Copley said.
Five days of practice at Kettler Capitals Iceplex turned into a short bus ride up Interstate 95, which in turn springboarded Washington’s 20 prospects toward two days of rest and training camp. Most are expected to be invited back for Friday’s start of the preseason, and the eight games scheduled after, onto a deep roster of more than 60 scheduled to be released Wednesday.
But here in the Philadelphia suburbs across the Delaware river, with Hershey Coach Troy Mann leading the charge on the bench and Capitals brass watching from upstairs, came the first chance for everyone to impress in a game scenario, after all the practices and testing had made them so anxious for this moment.
Early on, that manifested through hard checks, frequent jawing and, on two occasions, gloves dropping. Last season, when Capitals and Flyers rookies met, the two sides agreed on a no-fighting rule that quickly fell by the wayside in the latest installment. With 6 minutes 7 seconds left in the first period, center Liam O’Brien got body slammed into the ice by Sam Morin, which made perfect sense given the seven inches O’Brien was giving up to his opponent.
O’Brien and Morin were former teammates in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League .
Less than a half-minute later, the tattooed blue-liner known affectionately as “Big Mike” Cajkovsky responded to a hit on teammate and first-round pick Jakub Vrana by going after forward Austin Fyten, though that scrum ended within seconds as a draw.
“We tried to play physical,” Cajkovsky said. “I tried to fight for the team, keep the team going.”
By the second period, after Copley departed without allowing a goal and 18-year-old Vitek Vanecek (a second-round pick in 2014) entered, the Capitals quickly lost momentum. Cajkosvky committed a defensive-zone turnover in the middle of the ice, which Philadelphia forward Petr Straka intercepted, switched from forehand to backhand and flicked into the net, glove-side on Vanecek.
Though Vanecek later ceded a wraparound goal from Nicholas Aube-Kubel, Mann was left impressed with the work of his two netminders, who altogether faced 32 Flyers shots.
“I thought both goalies were our best players,” he said. “I thought Cops was outstanding in that first half. Vitek, it was a breakaway dangle on the breakaway goal. The second was a bit of a back door, we thought it might have been off a guy’s skate, but overall I thought he looked solid as well.”
Mann’s biggest issue came with the prospects Coach Barry Trotz and his staff had their eyes on most. Andre Burakovsky made his pseudo-debut at center after switching to the position during Capitals development camp, leading the top line of Vrana and Caleb Herbert.
“Certainly our guys like Burakovsky and Vrana, you can see the skill level of these kids, and sometimes when you haven’t played together and you’re trying to impress the brass sitting upstairs, sometimes you get a little bit too individualistic and I thought at times our key players were on their own, trying to do too much,” Mann said. “We talked to them after the second period about it, but again they were out there. Wasn’t lack of effort or anything like that, but as we know, hockey’s a team game and we didn’t look in sync at times.”
By the third period, when the Capitals were battling back from a 2-0 deficit – it later became 3-0 on an empty-netter with two minutes left – Mann promoted O’Brien to the first line alongside Burakovsky and Vrana, impressed with O’Brien’s fourth line and its ability to chip pucks into the offensive zone.
“One of the problems was we were trying to carry the puck too much through the neutral zone and we weren’t chipping the pucks deep and we were trying too many one-on-ones at their blue line and consequently weren’t getting any sustained pressure,” Mann said. “That’s why I was trying to get O’Brien’s line out there a little more because they seemed to be the one line that was chipping it in and trying to go after it at least, where the other lines were just trying to make plays and consequently we didn’t get enough O-zone time.”
But that delves too deep into the inconsequential, especially for an assembly of players who will be split into several groups for training camp on Friday. By then, the NHLers will fold into the mix and the prospects will be back on the bottom of the totem pole, fighting for those brief moments in the spotlight, or just to be noticed.
“I think it’s definitely going to be good,” said defenseman Madison Bowey, who served as Washington’s captain. “I know it’s definitely been a busy week and a lot of our bodies are sore. It’s taken a toll on all of us. I think two days will be really good for us. The real business starts in a few days. After that, it’s going to be a lot of fun.”
Alex Prewitt covers the Washington Capitals. Follow him on Twitter @alex_prewitt or email him at alex.prewitt@washpost.com .

MARC Penn Line update for Wednesday morningComments
By Erica Johnston September 16
Due to the ongoing repairs to the track area between MARC’s Aberdeen and Perryville stations, MARC’s Penn Line trains will continue to originate or terminate from the Edgewood station Wednesday morning, according to the Maryland Transit Administration.
The MTA said Tuesday night that buses will be in place Wednesday morning to take passengers to MARC’s Edgewood station. The MTA said buses would run on an earlier schedule than the trains.
According to the MTA, passengers will be provided with bus service as follows:
– For riders of train 511, which leaves Perryville at 5:40 a..m., buses will leave Perryville at 5:10am and Aberdeen at 5:20 a.m.
– For riders of train 517, which leaves Perryville at 6:30 a.m., buses will leave Perryville at 6 a.m. and Aberdeen at 6:15 a.m.
– For train 523, which leaves Perryville at 8:10 a..m., buses will leave Perryville at 7:45 a.m. and Aberdeen at 8 a.m.
MTA officials said they were awaiting approval from Amtrak before resuming service as their crews were working to repair the tracks.
Some MARC trains headed to Washington were delayed, and Amtrak service between Washington and Philadelphia was suspended Tuesday morning after a freight train struck a pole in the Northeast Corridor, north of Baltimore. Amtrak service between Washington and Philadelphia resumed early Tuesday afternoon.

Watch: Deepika Padukone s firecracker moves in  Lovely  song teaser from  Happy New YearPrint
The upcoming item number 'Lovely' featuring Deepika Padukone from Happy New Year is sure to leave you breathless and wanting more.
Written by Sunitra Pacheco , Edited by Sarika Sharma | Mumbai | Posted: September 17, 2014 9:35 am | Updated: September 17, 2014 12:37 pm
The music of Farah Khan’s much-awaited ‘ Happy New Year ‘ starring Shah Rukh Khan, Deepika Padukone, Abhishek Bachchan, Boman Irani, Sonu Sood and Vivaan Shah was unveiled at a grand event in Mumbai.
While the first two songs ‘ Indiawaale ’ and ‘ Manwa Laage ’ seemed nothing out of the ordinary, the teaser for their upcoming item number ‘Lovely’ featuring Deepika Padukone is sure to leave you breathless and wanting more.
If you thought Deepika Padukone ‘s moves for the song ‘Dum Maaro Dum’ were sexy, then you’re in for a surprise. The dimpled diva shimmers seductively as the crowds call her name, ‘Mohini’.  (Read: SRK in support of Deepika )
Composed by Dr. Zeus, ‘Lovely’ has been penned by Jiwan Mann, Kumaar and crooned by Kanika Kapoor, Ravindra Upadhyay, Miraya Varma and Fateh.
We can hardly wait for ‘Lovely’ to release!

Artist working on creating Rashtrapati Bhavan s digital legacyPrint
Indo-Asian News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 17, 2014 10:20 am | Updated: September 17, 2014 10:24 am
As you walk into artist Pratap Morey’s room, you are greeted with a panoramic art panel on which the multidisciplinary artist is working as his tribute to the Rashtrapati Bhavan.
“I am trying to do a digital work which will be a tribute to the Rashtrapati Bhavan. The architecture is very different, with historical evidence to it. Architecture is not about a building with four walls — it’s about the culture, history… I am sure this will percolate into my work and evolve at a different level,” Mumbai-based artist Pratap Morey told IANS Tuesday.
Morey, along with Gangtok-based Sikkim Sahitya Samman 2013 winner Yishey Doma Bhutia, Telugu writer Vempalli Gangadhar and Chennai-based artist Rahool Saksena, forms the second batch of artists under the Rashtrapati Bhavan’s art “In-Residence” programme.
The “In-Residence” programme for writers and artists was launched by President Pranab Mukherjee Dec 11, 2013, with a view to encouraging senior artists as well as young and upcoming individuals by facilitating their stay close to nature in the picturesque and serene surroundings of the Rashtrapati Bhavan.
The four commenced their programme at Rashtrapati Bhavan Sep 8 and will stay till Sep 26.
The group describes the programme as a “learning” and “inspiring” experience.
“This is an experience of a kind and there are a lot of things we are gaining from here. This is one of a kind residence in a way as usually we have a writer or an author residency, but here the good part is that we are interacting with writers, artists, distinguished people from various fields and also coordinating and discussing with top bureaucrats,” Morey said.
For Bhutia, the programme is also an encouragement.
“The opportunity they have given me is a big encouragement and inspiration. For writers, especially from the state of Sikkim, such encouragement is definitely needed because we do not get that there,” he told IANS.
Bhutia, who has authored several books, including “Legends of the Lepchas: Folktales from Sikkim” and “Legacy Maker: Pawan Chamling’s ideas that shaped Sikkim” shared that her gift to the Rashtrapati Bhavan could be a diary of activities that she has maintained from the first day of her stay at the presidential house.
Telugu writer Vempalli Gangadhar who was awarded the Yuva Puraskar of Sahitya Academi in 2011 for his work “Molakala Punnami”, hopes to tell the president about the various problems faced by the people of Rayalaseema.
“Through the short stories I am working on, I will apprise the president of the problems my people face. This residency will provide me an opportunity to do that. I will present the script of the stories to him in both Telugu and English,” Gangadhar told IANS, while showing his works.
Adding that the residence is no less than a dream coming true, Gangadhar said: “Former president Neelam Sanjiva Reddy is from my area, so you can imagine what it means.”
Kolkata-based artist Jogen Chowdhury was the first artist “In-Residence” at the Rashtrapati Bhavan.

Metal Shares Gain on China Economic StimulusYou are here: Home Market
Metal Shares Gain on China Economic Stimulus
Reuters | Updated On: September 17, 2014 10:50 (IST)
Metal shares gained on Wednesday after China's economic stimulus raised hopes of a boost in demand in the biggest consumer.
China central bank is expcted to inject $81 billion into major banks.
Tata Steel gained 0.68 per cent, Hindalco Industries advanced 0.72 percent and JSW Steel rose 2 per cent.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Nasa has awarded up to $6.2bnNasa picks astronaut crew ship designs
By Jonathan Amos Science correspondent, BBC News
Nasa Administrator Charles Bolden: "This is the most ambitious and exciting chapter in the history of Nasa"
Nasa names post-shuttle shortlist
The US space agency Nasa has picked the companies it hopes can take the country's astronauts back into space.
It is giving up to $6.2bn to the Boeing and SpaceX firms, to help them finish the development of new crew capsules.
Since the space shuttles were retired in 2011, the Americans have relied on Russia and its Soyuz vehicles to get to the International Space Station.
Boeing and SpaceX should have their seven-person crew ships ready to take over the role by late 2017.
Disagreements over Moscow's actions in Ukraine have made the current Soyuz arrangement increasingly unpalatable for Washington.
So has the price per flight now being charged - at $70m (£43m) per US astronaut seat. American officials regard this as excessive.
The Obama administration charged Nasa in 2010 with the job of "seeding" indigenous, competing companies to restore American capability.
Continue reading the main story
“Start Quote
The companies proposed the value within which they were able to do the work and the government accepted that”
End Quote Kathy Leuders Commercial crew programme manager
Since then, the agency has released nearly $1.5bn in funding, with most of this money going to Boeing in Texas, California's SpaceX and a third firm - the Colorado-based Sierra Nevada Corporation (SNC).
Ideally, the agency would have liked to continue funding all three into the final phase of its commercial crew programme, but its budget is too stretched.
It has meant Nasa having to pick favourites.
The Boeing Corporation is going to receive a fixed-price Commercial Crew Integrated Capability (CCtCap) contract worth up to $4.2bn.
SpaceX will get a contract for a lesser amount - $2.6bn.
Both companies must meet specified technical milestones to pick up what will be staged payments.
"From day one, the Obama administration has made it clear that the greatest nation on Earth should not be dependent on other nations to get into space," Nasa Administrator Charlie Bolden told reporters.
"Thanks to the leadership of President Obama and the hard work of our Nasa and industry teams, today we are one step closer to launching our astronauts from US soil on American spacecraft and ending the nation's sole reliance on Russia by 2017."
The very last shuttle commander, Chris Fergusson, is now part of Boeing's CST-100 team
For Boeing, the new money should take its CST-100 capsule through final development and safety certification.
Part of the contract also includes fees for initial crewed flights, up to a maximum of six.
The CST-100 is designed to launch into orbit atop an Atlas V rocket from Cape Canaveral, Florida, and return to Earth with the assistance of a heat shield and parachutes to a land location.
Superficially, there are similarities with the Apollo system, but the new Boeing ship's technologies are, of course, all state-of-the-art.
Many people thought SpaceX might grab a larger tranche of the funding on offer.
It already operates a rocket and capsule system in an unmanned configuration to take cargo to the ISS, and was working to upgrade the design to accommodate the more stringent assurance levels demanded of human spaceflight.
But SpaceX is unlikely to be deterred by getting second billing. It is committed to completing development of its man-rated Dragon capsule.
And it believes that its system will eventually turn out to be much cheaper than the one coming from the more well-established Boeing Corporation.
This could put the California company in a very strong position to win commercial launch contracts further down the road.
The $2.6bn CCtCap contact it is due to receive also covers a certification process and initial crewed missions - again, up to six.
SpaceX is upgrading its unmanned cargo ship to carry humans
In news conferences held by Nasa to announce the awards, reporters repeatedly pressed agency officials to explain why the sum offered to Boeing was so much larger than the one to SpaceX.
Those officials declined, stating the procurement process was continuing and that it would be inappropriate at this stage to discuss such matters.
But Kathy Leuders, the manager for the commercial crew programme, remarked: "The companies proposed the value within which they were able to do the work and the government accepted that."
The big loser in this final round of Nasa's commercial crew programme is the Sierra Nevada Corporation. It will get no CCtCap support.
But SNC has repeatedly said that its vision is not a hostage to Nasa patronage.
It has already booked a rocket to launch an unmanned demonstration flight of its proposed crew vehicle, which stands out for not being a conical capsule.
Known as the Dream Chaser, this ship looks like a mini space shuttle. And just like the famous winged orbiters, it would glide back to Earth to land on a runway.
SNC has spent a lot of time building partnerships with other companies and with foreign space agencies.
Part of Nasa's strategy in contracting out ISS transportation to the private sector is the desire to free up money for more ambitious space exploration.
The agency is leading the development of a new super rocket and capsule that could travel much further into the Solar System, to the Moon and Mars.
This rocket, known as the Space Launch System (SLS), and the crew vehicle, called Orion, are oversized for taxiing routine rotations to the ISS.
SNC's Dream Chaser is different in that it is a winged vehicle.  It has more in common with the old shuttles
Jonathan.Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk and follow me on Twitter: @BBCAmos
More on This Story

Uttar Pradesh bypolls: Samajwadi Party is bigger gainer from polarisationE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Fourth  PK  poster out now: Aamir Khan and Sanjay Dutt both as  bandwaalasPrint
Aamir's tweet reads - 'This is my friend. His name is Bhairon, but I call him 'Bhaaya'."
Written by Sonal Gera , Edited by Sarika Sharma | New Delhi | Posted: September 17, 2014 11:42 am | Updated: September 17, 2014 11:44 am
Barely a day after the third motion poster of Aamir Khan’s ‘PK’ came out with Sanjay Dutt dressed as a ‘bandwaala’ and Aamir Khan in an over-sized military uniform. As a follow up to that, Aamir Khan tweeted the fourth poster of the movie.
The static poster has both the actors – Aamir Khan and Sanjay Dutt – dressed as ‘bandwaalas’. Aamir Khan’s tweet read: ‘This is my friend. His name is Bhairon, but I call him ‘Bhaaya’.”
Humra phiren… Ouka naam hai Bhairao, lekin hum ouka bulawat hai Bhaaya… pic.twitter.com/RmvJ9GZBkk
— Aamir Khan (@aamir_khan) September 17, 2014
The promotional strategy of the movie is proving to be quite beneficial as it has already generated a lot of interest and curiosity in the plot of the movie. There are six more posters that will be released in future.
‘PK’ also stars Anushka Sharma, Sushant Singh Rajput and Boman Irani. The movie is directed by Rajkumar Hirani and is slated to release on December 19.

Arnold Schwarzenegger inspired Vikram s character in  I : ShankarVikram's character of a bodybuilder in upcoming film 'I', is inspired from how Hollywood star Arnold Schwarzenegger looked in his prime days, says Shankar, the director of Tamil magnum opus 'I'.
Indo-Asian News Service | Chennai | Posted: September 17, 2014 12:12 pm | Updated: September 17, 2014 2:27 pm
Tamil actor Vikram’s character of a bodybuilder in upcoming film ‘ I ‘, is inspired from how Hollywood star Arnold Schwarzenegger looked in his prime days, says Shankar, the director of Tamil magnum opus ‘I’ .
“In the film, Vikram plays a bodybuilder vying for the ‘Mr.Tamil Nadu’. When we were looking for inspiration for his character, we could only think of Arnold as he’s a bodybuilding legend. That’s how we designed Vikram’s character,” Shankar told IANS.
“ Vikram worked extremely hard for the role. We even managed to give him the curls Arnold sported as a young bodybuilder,” Shankar said.
While Vikram gained weight to play the bodybuilder, he lost considerable amount to play another important character in “I”.
Also starring Amy Jackson and Upen Patel in important roles, “I” is slated to release during the Diwali festive season.
Schwarzenegger was recently in Chennai for the film’s grand audio launch.

Apple Inc comes out of  bygone era  as reviewers hail iPhone 6  iPhone 6 PlusE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

JD Sports plans EuropeanJD Sports sees 'record' trading
JD Sports expects bumper full-year profits
JD Sports buys stake in outdoor firm
Retailer JD Sports says it achieved record trading in the first half of this year, with a big increase in profits.
Its pre-tax profit for the 26 weeks to 2 August was £16.45m, compared with £6.09m for the same period last year.
Executive chairman Peter Cowgill said the company was "well positioned to deliver results towards the upper end of current market expectations".
JD Sports has 850 stores, mainly in the UK, but also trades in mainland Europe.
Mr Cowgill said the group now had 12 stores in Germany and 21 in France. It had also opened new outlets in Spain and the Netherlands.
"There will be further openings in all of our international territories in the second half," he added.
'Encouraging' progress
The retailer has a strong presence in UK shopping malls and online, but Mr Cowgill told the BBC's Today programme that a High Street presence was "still very important to JD Sports".
"The High Street is alive and well," he added.
The firm said its UK and European Sports divisions had made "encouraging progress".
At the same time, its outdoor division, which includes the Blacks, Millets and Tiso brands, had reduced its operating loss from £8.9m to £5.6m.
The group said its fashion stores, with the exception of Scotts, had had "a difficult half", but performance was expected to improve later in the year.
More on This Story

Battle for oil in Africas last colonyBattle for oil fuels Africa’s lengthy conflict
By Javier Blas, Africa Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/458a9ea6-3cc3-11e4-871d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

In August s meeting two members0.00
+0.02
Data from the Office for National Statistics (ONS) also showed average wages excluding bonuses grew by just 0.6% in the year to June. That was the slowest pace of growth since records began in 2001.
However, the Bank upgraded its growth forecast for this year to 3.5% from 3.4%, and for 2015 it forecast growth of 3%, up from 2.9%.
Pressures
The MPC minutes showed that despite low wage growth both Mr Weale and Mr McCafferty felt that rapidly falling unemployment made it more likely that salaries would pick up in the coming months.
Both members made the argument that wages may not rise until spare capacity in the labour market was fully used up. But they also suggested an early interest rate rise was desirable as a way of anticipating inflationary pressures from wage rises.
The two members argued that recent robust economic growth had been underpinned by "stimulatory monetary policy" and that a rise of 0.25% would mean monetary policy remained "extremely supportive" given that before the 2008 financial crisis "normal" interest rates had been around 5% on average.
Bank Governor Mark Carney has said that any rise in interest rates would be gradual.
Analysis: Business reporter Jonty Bloom
Interest rates have been kept at the ultra low level of 0.5% since 2009 in an attempt to bolster the economy.
But for months now economists have been going through the minutes of the MPC with a fine tooth comb and examining almost every economic statistic for any hints as to when rates will rise.
So, two of the nine members of the MPC voting to increase rates is a massive clue for economists.
That matters not just for the millions of people with savings accounts, mortgages or other debts; it will also influence the rate of economic growth, the profitability of firms, the strength of the pound and the value of shares.
Which is why the subject is arousing so much comment and analysis.
City analysts said despite the split on the MPC, Tuesday's inflation figures showed the Bank remained under no immediate pressure to raise interest rates.
Peter Hemington, partner at BDO, said: "There are still big question marks for businesses on when the rise might come.  Businesses cannot plan for growth on the basis of vague or conflicting statements - policymakers can do more to provide certainty for businesses, enabling them to make informed decisions for the future."
'Not secure'
David Kern, chief economist at the British Chambers of Commerce, said it was "disappointing" that two members had voted increase rates.
"With inflation well below target and wage growth stagnating, any increase in interest rates at the moment would be premature," he said.
"The economic recovery is still not secure and growth amongst UK businesses must be fostered in a low interest rate environment. The risks from raising rates too early are much greater than the risks of waiting just a little longer," he said.
Laith Khalaf, senior analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown described calls for an interest rate rise premature adding: "The last time the committee vote split was in July 2011, shortly before the eurozone crisis kicked interest rate rises into the long grass. Yesterday's inflation data and continuing anaemic wage growth may also put somewhat of a dampener on the enthusiasm for rate rises."
More on This Story

says @WhichUK surveyOnline bank First Direct has topped a customer service league compiled by consumer group Which?, with Npower ranked bottom.
Automated telephone systems were the biggest gripe, according to the survey of 3,621 UK consumers.
Calls being passed around members of staff and hold music were also considered major irritations.
Npower said it was making progress with customer relations following problems with its billing system.
Ratings
The survey ranked the biggest brands in major sectors of the UK marketplace.
Those surveyed gave a rating based on knowledge of products and services, helpfulness of staff, resolution of complaints or problems, access to customer support, and how valued customers felt.
First Direct finished top, some way ahead of other banks. Second on the list was cosmetic store Lush, followed by retailers John Lewis and Lakeland, then supermarket Waitrose.
In the bottom three were airline Ryanair, which finished bottom in a similar survey a year ago, and Scottish Power, with Npower at the bottom.
A spokeswoman for Npower said: "We saw significant issues with our billing system, which affected how we looked after our customers.
"Since this survey was carried out we have reduced the number of late bills by over 75%, and the number of complaints we received by nearly 30%. However, we know we still have a long way to go before we can reach the top spot and we are continuing to focus all of our efforts in this area."
Earlier in September, energy regulator Ofgem lifted a threat of a ban that would prevent Npower making telephone sales. It said the energy firm had improved its customer service standards, with fewer bills being sent out late.
More on This Story

Imagination Technologies-1.58
Winners and Losers are drawn from the set of FTSE 350 equities
All market data carried by BBC News is provided by DigitalLook.com. The data is for your general information and enjoys indicative status only. Neither the BBC nor Digital Look accept any responsibility for its accuracy or for any use to which it may be put. All share prices and market indexes delayed at least 15 minutes. 52 week high and low values are calculated from close price data. Click here for terms and conditions
Top Stories

Prime Minister Narendra Modi pitches schemes to make poor self-reliantOn his 64th birthday on Wednesday, Modi inaugurated 11 new welfare schemes of Gujarat government for uplift of youth, women, people under BPL category along with schemes of medical services for poor. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | Gandhinagar | Posted: September 17, 2014 2:45 pm | Updated: September 17, 2014 2:49 pm
Ruing that the schemes designed by the previous governments for uplift of poor will only make them more dependent, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday stressed on the need to frame policies which will ensure dignity with self-sufficiency to the needy.
“A person breaks down completely when he becomes dependent on others. In such a situation, he would think of dying instead of living such life. There is no better thing than bringing such persons out from that miserable situation,” Modi said during a function at Mahatma Mandir here.
The Prime Minister lamented over the prevailing schemes and programmes running in the country and said these would only make the poor under-confident and dependent on the government.
“Due to our bad luck, the schemes and programmes that run in our country are such that they make poor people dependent on government instead of making them self-dependent and self-confident. If government programmes stop, the poor will die of hunger,” Modi said.
“Can’t we change this situation. God has given us hands, intelligence, education and in the same way he has given all those things to dalit, tribal and poor. What he has not got is opportunity. If he gets opportunity, he would also not like to live a life of dependent,” Modi said.
“We have to give them chance to be self-reliant. They also want to live life with self-respect. They will get self-respect if they are given an opportunity to stand on their own feet. Self respect of this country depends on self-respect of each of the 125 crore people of India,” he said.
On his 64th birthday on Wednesday, Modi inaugurated 11 new welfare schemes of Gujarat government for uplift of youth, women, people under BPL category along with schemes of medical services for poor. The schemes were promised in this year’s budget of the state government.
Modi also remembered Mahatma Gandhi and his philosophy of self-reliance.
“This is Mahatma Gandhi’s land, where we are taught self-reliance, self-respect and self-dependency. These morals should be supported by governing system,” Modi expressed.
He said women are behind the success of Gujarat’s dairy industry and when he was the chief minister, he ensured their financial independence.
“Gujarat is having a leading place in dairy sector. Officials such as chairman of Amul or Dudh Sagar dairy are usually felicitated for outstanding work. But, it is the hard work of women which made it possible. These women are the real entrepreneurs, who own 10, 20 to 25 cows,” Modi said.
The Prime Minister recalled his days as Gujarat CM and stressed the need to motivate women involved in providing milk to dairies through co-operative societies.
“We need to motivate such women. When I was the Chief Minister, I asked these dairies to deposit continued…

Anti-Hillary Clinton PAC launches ad campaign to coincide with Benghazi hearingBy Sean Sullivan September 17 Follow @WaPoSean
Stop Hillary PAC, a organization that says it was formed to prevent Hillary Rodham Clinton from becoming president, launched an ad campaign Wednesday criticizing the former secretary of state as a special House committee prepares to hold its first hearing on the deadly attacks in Benghazi, Libya.
The six-figure online and television ad campaign includes a 30-second commercial that will run in the early nominating states of New Hampshire, South Carolina and Iowa, the group told The Washington Post. The ad accuses Clinton of not being forthcoming about the deadly 2012 attacks on a diplomatic compound n Benghazi that claimed the lives of four Americans. It encourages viewers to sign a "citizens subpoena" demanding Clinton testify before the committee.
The "citizens subpoena" Web site asks people to provide their name, address and e-mail address. PACs often ask for such information to help build their e-mail lists for fundraising purposes and other communication.
The ad campaign marks Stop Hillary PAC's first TV commercial since its formation in May 2013. It comes as the bipartisan House Benghazi Select Committee, a panel headed up by Rep. Trey Gowdy (R-S.C.) and created by House Republican leaders, will hold its first open hearing Wednesday. The panel will focus the hearing on a review board the State Department created after the attack to examine government security abroad.
Clinton testified before House and Senate committees about Benghazi shortly before she stepped down as the nation's chief diplomat in early 2012. But some conservatives have continued to criticize her and raise questions about what she knew.
Colorado state Sen. Ted Harvey, Stop Hillary PAC's honorary chairman, said in an interview that his group intends to raise questions about various aspects of Clinton's record moving forward.
"My number one goal is to make sure that Hillary Clinton is not the next president of the United States," Harvey said.
Sean Sullivan has covered national politics for The Washington Post since 2012.

Imagination Tech tops FTSE 250Imagination Tech tops FTSE 250 after update
By Neil Dennis
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/15fcefee-3e45-11e4-a620-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

has collected data on the extentThousands lie on motor cover forms, says ABI
A conference is being held about tackling insurance fraud
Insurance comparison sites 'failing'
A total of 180,675 fraudulent applications for motor insurance were detected by the industry last year, a trade body has said.
The Association of British Insurers (ABI) said applicants failed to disclose full information to specific questions about their driving record.
These included previous claims and unspent convictions.
The ABI said that some had attempted the fraud in an attempt to secure cheaper motor insurance cover.
"Industry initiatives, such as the Insurance Fraud Register and the soon to be available MyLicence initiative that will address non-disclosure of motoring offences, will make it harder than ever to deceive to try and get cheaper motor cover," said Aidan Kerr, of the ABI.
The MyLicence plan is aimed at enabling the insurance industry to obtain driver information such as motoring convictions and penalty points directly from the Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency (DVLA).
The figures have been collected for the first time as the industry meets for a conference on insurance fraud in London.
Recent figures have shown falls in motor insurance premiums. The British Insurance Brokers' Association (BIBA) reported a 5.6% fall in motor insurance costs in the second quarter of the year.
The £11bn private motor insurance market has previously been criticised by competition authorities, which described premiums as unnecessarily high and said the system was not working well for motorists.
More on This Story

Gilead Sciences team meets Commerce MinisterHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Gilead Sciences team meets Commerce Minister
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 17:  
A delegation of Gilead Sciences, Inc. met the Minister of State (Independent Charge) for Commerce and Industry, Nirmala Sitharaman, here yesterday.
The delegation informed the Minister about signing of non-exclusive licensing agreements with seven India-based generic pharmaceutical manufacturers allowing the companies — Cadila Healthcare Ltd, Cipla Ltd, Hetero Labs Ltd, Mylan Laboratories Ltd., Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd., Sequent Scientific Ltd. and Strides Arcolab Ltd. — to manufacture Sofosbuvir and the investigational single tablet regimen of ledipasvir/sofosbuvir for distribution in 91 developing countries.
These countries account for 54 per cent of the total global infected population of Hepatitis C. The Gilead team also briefed the Minister about the fact that no price limitations have been fixed in the said licensing deal in order to ensure adequate competition amongst the licensees resulting in competitive prices for the patients.
In a statement, the Minister said, “India appreciates innovation and partnerships to improve access of medicines through transparent, non- restrictive voluntary licensing.”
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

Tibetans living in India protest ahead of Chinese President s visitpicture  others
Tibetans living in India protest ahead of Chinese President’s visit
Ten Tibetans were detained this morning after they staged a protest outside Chinese Embassy in New Delhi against the visit of Chinese President Xi Jinping to India.  Police detain Tibetan  activists who were holding a protest against China’s President Xi Jinping's visit to India, outside the Chinese embassy in New Delhi on Wednesday. (Source: PTI)
Protesters, who started staging demonstration around 11.30 AM, also demanded independence for Tibet from China.  Police detain one of the Tibetan  activists who were holding a protest against China’s President Xi Jinping's visit to India, outside the Chinese embassy in New Delhi. (Source: PTI)
"We are protesting against Xi's India visit. We want independence for Tibet from China where violations of human rights are on the rise," a protester said. (Source: PTI)
"Ten people have been detained by the police," a senior police official said. (Source: PTI)
As Tibetans started staging protest, police personnel beefed up security in and around the Chinese embassy. (Source: PTI)
During their protest, they also tried to enter inside the premises of the embassy, however, they were prevented from doing so by the police personnel.
Exile Tibetan students hold on to each other as Indian policemen detain them during a protest outside the Chinese Embassy coinciding with the visit of Chinese President Xi Jinping in New Delhi.  The protest was held against alleged human rights abuses of Tibetans by the Chinese government. (Source: AP)
Related

How Fed rate hike will impact D-St | EPFO may invest in stocksHow US Fed rate hike will impact Indian markets; BofA says it's a positive
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 17, 2014, 02.10PM IST
Tags:
ArthVeda Fund Management Pvt
(Along with the policy statement,…)
NEW DELHI: As the world awaits the outcome of the two-day policy meeting of the US Federal Reserve later on Wednesday, most analysts hold the view that even if the Fed decides to raise interest rates sooner than expected, it will be less disastrous for India than the other emerging markets.
The FOMC should taper by another $10-15 billion from its bond purchase programme, but more importantly the central bank is expected to provide guidance on the timing for its first rate rise, say analysts.
Along with the policy statement, the Fed will lay out new economic and interest rate projections that will extend out to 2017 for the first time, Reuters reported.
The rate projections - or 'dots chart' - show where individual Fed officials think rates should be at the end of each year.
"We hold the contrarian view that Fed tightening is a long-run positive, although EMs could well see one round of sell off in the coming months," said Indranil Sengupta , India chief economist , Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
"We expect softer oil prices and sufficient forex reserves to keep Fragile Five fears at bay for India in the event of a sell-off, although India's BoP indicators still trail other BRICs. Fed tapering is also pulling down oil prices below US$100/bbl from US$118/bbl when INR crossed Rs68/USD last year," he added.
Fed Chair Janet Yellen's press conference will set the tone for the market reaction, say analysts. Additionally, the US central bank is expected to modify the July statement to say that rate hikes are to be expected after 'considerable economic improvement' from 'considerable time'. They have recently advanced the first rate hike to June from September.
FII flows are driven by interest rates movement in the US and other developed economies. Also, asset price movements in those economies also impact global flows.
No doubt, to that extent India is vulnerable and if there is a selloff in global equities or emerging markets, then we will not be spared. "However, the decline may be less than other markets. Nonetheless, there will be a negative effect. India cannot escape a 'risk off' trade," said Dipan Mehta, Member, BSE and NSE.
"Since the new government formation, international events are having a less of an impact as investors focus on government steps to revive the economy and the RBI moves based on macro data such as inflation , GDP growth rates, IIP etc.," he added.
How would India benefit?
It would be any time before the second half of 2015 when the Fed will start to increase interest rate. A higher US interest rate or expectation of that will definitely have some impact on emerging markets in the form of capital outflows. So, yes, we may see some correction in emerging markets.
"Now for India, the economic situation is much better than it was 2-3 quarters ago. India has taken some of the major steps compared to its EM peers to control currency movement and increase foreign exchange reserves ," said Sutapa Roy, Research Analyst-Economy at Microsec Capital Ltd.
"Only in recent past the Indian market hit an all-time high. So corrections will definitely be there, but not as much as we saw in 2013 as fundamentals are better now," he added.
Roy is of the view that India has already outperformed the other markets in the recent past and after corrections, it will definitely attract some fresh capital.
Although it will take the US Fed some time to shift from its zero interest rate policy, but if they do that, there may be a kneejerk reaction wherein some hot money may try to get out.
"On a totality basis, India is possibly the only market in the emerging market basket, where a 15 per cent to 20 per cent earnings growth is reasonable to expect and the economy recovery looks robust with GDP move from 5 per cent to 7.5 per cent in three to five years' time being almost a surety," said Vikram Kotak , CEO & MD, Asset & Wealth Management, Fortune Financial Services
"There are a lot of positives for India right now than the negatives. However, you might see some healthy corrections coming in when the markets start consolidating again," he added.
The overall trend of the market looks quite positive and given the fact that the markets have run up in the last three to four months, a correction is indeed healthy as it will give opportunity for fresh investments.
"The US FOMC meet could provide the much-needed correction and about 5 per cent to 10 per cent correction at the index level in any market is part of the bull market story," said Hemang Jani, Senior Vice President, Sharekhan.
"I am not really perturbed by this. In fact, this would be a great opportunity for a large number of retail investors who have not been able to participate to the extent they would have wished. So it is a great welcome sign for the investors," he added.
Why would the US Fed rate hike impact emerging markets?

Indo-China biz: ICBC to finance 30 planes for IndiGo | $6.8 bn deal for industrial parksYou are here: Home > Collections > Airbus
IndiGo agrees $2.6 billion aircraft finance deal with China's Industrial & Commercial Bank of China
ET Bureau Sep 17, 2014, 07.02PM IST
Tags:
Commercial Bank
(Under the MoU, ICBC will…)
MUMBAI: IndiGo, India's top carrier by market share, on Wednesday said it has got into a deal with China's ICBC Financial Leasing Co to finance the purchase of over 30 Airbus planes worth $2.6 billion. The deal with the bank is for A320 planes that will be delivered starting October 2015. IndiGo currently has a fleet of 80 A320s.
"ICBC will provide IndiGo financial solutions for the introduction of A320 and other aircraft to the fleet in the form of sale and lease back or financial lease or commercial lending," the airline said in a statement.
ICBC has worked with other Indian corporates such as Reliance Communications with which it signed a refinancing deal for foreign currency convertible bonds worth over $1 billion in 2012. The aircraft are part of the 180 planes IndiGo ordered from Airbus in January 2011. The list prices of the aircraft at that time were $15.6 billion. An airline usually finances about 80% of an aircraft order via debt. It also gets discounts on list prices in proportion to the volume of the deal. Indi-Go's 2011 order was the biggest one in aviation history.
The deal announcement comes months before the likely public listing of the airline through which it aims to raise up to $400 million, according to sources. IndiGo is, according to analysts, the only profitable airline in an aviation industry that is reeling under losses. Its net profit soared 6 times to Rs 787 crore in 2012-13. Experts have said that apart from efficient operations, profits from sale and leaseback of planes are one of the key contributors to IndiGo's overall net profit.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Panel submits report on new gas pricing formulaYou are here: Home > Collections
Panel submits report on new gas pricing formula
PTI Sep 17, 2014, 04.10PM IST
Tags:
Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs
(Industry sources said the…)
NEW DELHI: A four-member committee of secretaries has submitted its report on a new gas pricing mechanism, prescribing a rate much lower than the doubling of price approved by previous UPA government.
"The report was submitted yesterday," a top official said.
The government had last month constituted a committee comprising of secretaries of power, fertilizer and expenditure with additional secretary in the oil ministry as its member secretary, to make amends to a formula notified in January that doubled the gas price to $ 8.4 per million British thermal unit.
The official said the report will be reviewed in the Oil Ministry before a note is moved to the Cabinet.
Though contents of the report have been kept under wraps, the official indicated that the price increase may be around 50 per cent. Most of the domestically produced gas is currently sold at a price of $ 4.2 per mmBtu.
The panel has tried to strike a balance between demands for a market linked rate by gas producers to make marginal and deepsea fields economically viable, and consumers in power and fertilizer sector, who have said they cannot afford any rate higher than $ 5.
Though the government had stated that a gas price will be announced by September end, there are indications that a decision may be put-off until completion of assembly polls in Maharasthra and Haryana in mid-October.
Any increase, even of $ 2 per mmBtu, will lead to a hike in CNG price for automobiles, something the ruling establishment does not want on the eve of state polls.
Industry sources said the previous UPA government had notified the Rangarajan formula in January but before a rate could be implemented from April 1, general elections were announced and Election Commission sought postponement of its implementation.
Since elections to Maharashtra and Haryana assembly have already been announced, a deferment can be sought on similar grounds.
An increase in gas price would have led to increase in cost of urea, power and CNG.
Every dollar increase in gas price will lead to a Rs 1,370 per tonne rise in urea production cost and a 45 paise per unit increase in electricity tariff (for just the 7 per cent of the nation's power generation capacity based on gas).
Also, there would be a minimum Rs 2.81 per kg increase in CNG price and a Rs 1.89 per standard cubic metre hike in piped cooking gas.
The increase in gas price would bring windfall for the government -- about $ 2.08 billion (Rs 12,900 crore) from additional profit petroleum, royalty and taxes accruing from doubling of gas rates, according to oil ministry estimates.
The Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs had on June 25 deferred by three months the implementation of a formula approved by the previous UPA government which would have doubled gas price to $ 8.4 per million British thermal unit.
The Rangarajan formula, approved by the UPA government, was to be implemented from April 1 but was deferred by three months as general elections were announced. The NDA government on June 25 postponed its implementation by a further three months pending a comprehensive review.
Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan had last month told the Parliament that the NDA government decided to review the pricing formula keeping in mind public interest and recommendations of the Parliamentary Standing Committee.
Parliamentary Standing Committees on Finance as well as Petroleum had called for a review of the formula suggested by the Dr C Rangarajan headed panel, saying gas price should have some linkage with the cost of production.
According to the Oil Ministry, the cost of gas production varies between $ 1.86 per mmBtu to $ 4.31 per mmBtu but a cost-plus price would be perceived negatively by the market.
In their submission to the secretaries panel, energy producers have demanded a natural gas pricing policy that is "legitimate, relevant and credible" to maintain investor interest in Indian E&P sector.
State-owned ONGC in its submissions stated that it needs $ 6-7.15 to break-even on gas it plans to produce from its most prolific KG basin block and a price of between $ 5.25 to $ 17.80 per mmBtu to break-even on production planned from seven small and marginal fields in the western offshore.
BP, which partners Reliance Industries in KG-D6 and other blocks, stated that deeper gas fields are not viable at a price of anything less than $ 10.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Govt to help MSMEs access loans at cheaper r...Finance Ministry
(The Minister also said the…)
NEW DELHI: The MSME Ministry is in talks with public sector banks to extend loans to micro, small and medium enterprises at base rate to help the sector access vast capital from financial institutions at lower costs, Union Minister Kalraj Mishra said today.
"To ensure this, I am meeting the senior functionaries of banking and financial institutions at Lucknow on Thursday so that a decision is taken on this front early with their concurrence which will be duly endorsed subsequently by the Reserve Bank of India , Finance Ministry and the Prime Minister's Office," the MSME Minister said.
Besides, he said the government plans to open 500 district-level incubation centres across the country to train youth to become entrepreneurs and revitalise the micro, small and medium enterprises (MSME) sector.
"We have drawn up an ambitious plan to open Incubation Centres in 500 districts across the country from the viewpoint of livelihood.
"We will also open 100 high-technology incubation centres. We want to instill confidence among unemployed youth so that they can become independent," Mishra said on the sidelines of a PHD Chamber event here.
The Minister also said the government will revise the definition of MSMEs to provide for a higher capital ceiling, and the new policy should be out in a month's time.
"We are drafting the new revised MSME policy. It should be out within a month's time. Under the new policy, we will redefine the MSMEs and introduce a new capital limit. At present it is Rs 25 lakh, Rs 5 crore and Rs 10 crore.
"If your turnover exceeds that you are excluded from the ambit of MSMEs and you have to open another company to avail loan and facilities," he said.
Besides, the Minister launched an App called the PHD-MSME App. The App has been developed with the help of students of Delhi University.
The App provides solutions to budding entrepreneurs and existing MSME entrepreneurs of different dimensions like marketing, finance, training and capacity building, different government schemes and opportunities.
He further said the MSME Ministry is working on setting up of a Credit Guarantee Trust Fund to extend liberal packages to MSME sector and inputs have already been incorporated in the new draft MSME Policy.
As per stipulation of the new policy, the general procedures as well as procurement procedures would be vastly simplified and all clearances for setting up of micro and small businesses would be accorded online within a fixed period of 15 days, assured the Minister.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Black Actress Arrested After She Kisses White Husband In PublicBlack Actress 'Mistaken For Prostitute' And Arrested After She Kissed Her White Husband
The Huffington Post UK  | By Louise Ridley
reddit
US actress Daniele Watts says she is angry and frustrated after she was arrested by police because they saw her kissing her husband in public, and apparently mistook her for a prostitute.
Watts, who is African American and appeared in the film Django Unchained , claimed she was handcuffed by police in Los Angeles when she was out with white husband Brian James Lucas.
A photo posted on Facebook by Watts on Friday shows her crying while an officer speaks to her.
Watts posted that she felt 'frustration' after the arrest
Watts claimed the handcuffs cut her arm, and she was placed in the back of a police car after refusing to show ID to two police officers who approached her.
The police officers were from Studio City Police Department in Los Angeles, according to The Metro.
Watts refused to show identification and was then handcuffed and put in the back of a police car, while the officers looked at her ID. She was released soon afterwards.
She posted on her Facebook page: "When the officer arrived, I was standing on the sidewalk by a tree. I was talking to my father on my cell phone. I knew that I had done nothing wrong, that I wasn’t harming anyone, so I walked away.
"A few minutes later, I was still talking to my dad when 2 different police officers accosted me and forced me into handcuffs."
Watts played CoCo in Django Unchained, the Oscar-winning 2012 western film by Quentin Tarantino, and also acted in the TV show Weeds. She is now on the new comedy Partners on Fox-owned TV channel FX.
She wrote passionately about her arrest on her Facebook page , saying it happened because she was  "refusing to agree that I had done something wrong by showing affection, fully clothed, in a public place."
Watts has appeared in Weeds and Django Unchained
She continued: "As I was sitting in the back of the police car, I remembered the countless times my father came home frustrated or humiliated by the cops when he had done nothing wrong.
"I felt his shame, his anger, and my own feelings of frustration for existing in a world where I have allowed myself to believe that “authority figures” could control my BEING… my ability to BE!!!!!!! [sic]"
Her experience comes after the mass protests in Ferguson, Missouri, where an unarmed black teenager was shot by a police offer, leading to crowds clashing with police.
At the city's first council meeting last week, hundreds claimed that the areas politicians had "lost the right to govern" due to the perceived racism of the mainly-white police force.
A protester holds up a sign at the Ferguson council meeting
SEE ALSO:

Saradha Scam Accused DIG Shankar Barua Shoots Himself Dead in AssamSaradha Scam Accused DIG Shankar Barua Shoots Himself Dead in Assam
Sino-Indian ties cant be duplicated: State mediaIndian Prime Minister Narendra Modi, right, and Chinese President Xi Jinping wave to the media as Modi welcomes Xi upon his arrival at a hotel in Ahmadabad, India. Source: AP photo
PTI | Beijing | Posted: September 17, 2014 4:47 pm
The Sino-Indian cooperation is of enormous strategic value for New Delhi and such a relationship cannot be “duplicated” by its bilateral ties with any other country, an influential official Chinese daily said on Wednesday, coinciding with the visit of President Xi Jinping to India.
State-run Global Times, part of the ruling Communist Party of China’s People’s Daily publication group, said in an editorial that the Sino-Indian cooperation is “invaluable”.
“The geopolitical significance of the benign development of Beijing-New Delhi ties can’t be duplicated,” said the daily known for its nationalistic views.
“The better China-India relations develop, the more advantages and initiatives India can have when dealing with the US and Japan.”
China has been regarded as their biggest rival by the US and Japan, who instinctively try to rope in China’s neighbours to their cause, the editorial said.
“A positive New Delhi-Beijing engagement would force Washington and Tokyo to cosy up to India,” it said.
On the global strategic chessboard, Japan and India wield nearly the same influence. In contrast to Japan’s hostile policy towards China, India follows a cooperative principle.
“Therefore, Japan has to seek the favour of India, not the other way around,” it said.
Xi is the first leader of a major power to visit India after the Narendra Modi-led government took charge, it said. His first stop is in Prime Minister Modi’s home state of Gujarat on Modi’s 64th birthday.
“This is viewed as a starting point for the two leaders to develop a personal friendship,” the editorial said.
Referring to Modi’s recent visit to Japan, the daily said the “floods of rhetoric such as ‘joining hands to counter China’ emanated from Japanese public opinion to which Modi gave a rational response at the time.”
“Now it seems that this mentality from many Japanese is very wide of the mark.”
China has a long-term strategy for a friendly cooperation with India, rather than seeking short-term gains, it said adding that “for us, the Sino-Indian relationship, with its own strategic merits, doesn’t have to be associated with ties with other major powers.”
“Both China and India are continent-sized countries but have embarked on different paths and developed different advantages.
“We need to discover more of the common interests between the two countries which will have a stunning purchasing power upon humanity’s future,” it said.
Also an article in the same daily written by a scholar from the Centre for International and Strategic Studies, Peking University, said for a long time the subcontinent has been a weak link in China’s peripheral diplomacy.
Xi’s visit will help build a new strategic framework in China’s relations with South Asian countries.
With the gradual implementation of continued…

Vikrams I on a record making spree  trailer crosses 2mn views within a day of its releaseVikram performed a werewolf act with actress Amy Jackson at the event.
Written by Sonal Gera , Edited by Sarika Sharma | New Delhi | Posted: September 17, 2014 4:40 pm
As expected, Tamil superstar Vikram’s soon-to-release magnum opus ‘I’ has started grabbing eyeballs since its launch. The official trailer launch, which happened on Monday (September 15) in Chennai, was one of the biggest events in South cinema. It was graced by Hollywood actor Arnold Schwarzenegger and Rajinikanth.
Watch first trailer: Vikram’s werewolf and hunchback looks in ‘I’
The trailer on Sony Music India’s YouTube channel, which showed Chiyaan Vikram taking up multiple roles including that of a werewolf and a hunchback, has clocked over 2 million views in 24 hours, the fastest for even a Bollywood film.
Adding on, Ashok Parwani, Head South, Sony Music India said: “This is a first for us too, we have not witnessed such a huge pick up for any trailer. ‘I’ will set new benchmarks across film industries.”
The evening witnessed a bevy of stars from the film industry. Music maestro A R Rahman’s music had the stadium of 5000 fans mesmerized. Vikram too performed a werewolf act with actress Amy Jackson.

Borussia Dortmund unfazed by injuriesSebastian Kehl (L) was taken off at half-time (Source: AP)
Reuters | Posted: September 17, 2014 4:20 pm
When Borussia Dortmund midfielder Sebastian Kehl was taken off at halftime of their Champions League 2-0 win over Arsenal on Tuesday with adductor muscle problems, he became the latest name on a long injury list.
Yet last season’s Bundesliga runners-up showed no sign of being affected by more than half a dozen absences and delivered a scintillating performance that will no doubt act as a warning to the other two teams in Group D, Galatasaray and Anderlecht, who drew 1-1.
In a masterclass of pressing, Dortmund displayed resilience and an unusual ability to efficiently compensate the loss of any player.
“We wanted to be a pressing machine and a counter-pressing machine and we did it,” coach Juergen Klopp said. “Our opponents must have been impressed by this.”
Klopp, however, was without injured midfielders Nuri Sahin, Ilkay Guendogan, Marco Reus and Jakub Blaszczykowski while captain Mats Hummels was also missing from their defence.
“I would not have liked to be playing against us tonight,” he said, heaping praise on his players for a near flawless performance.
“Our pace, the spaces we used, it was just very difficult to defend against us. When you gain possession and with one contact the ball goes forward and then there is already someone there to take it even further, it is just too difficult to defend.”
This is not the first time Dortmund, who won back-to-back Bundesliga titles in 2011 and 2012, have managed to get the job done even without their arguably strongest team.
Forward Ciro Immobile, who scored their first goal with a dazzling 50 metre run, was not even set to start.
“But my assistant had the brilliant idea of going with Ciro and it worked out perfectly,” Klopp said.
His team have been successfully filling gaps of departing players, poached by other European heavyweights, for years.
Immobile, brought in to replace striker Robert Lewandowski, who joined rivals Bayern Munich, did exactly that despite having failed to score in the league so far, as did Erik Durm in an outstanding yet rare right back appearance, replacing the injured Lukasz Piszczek.
“We miss all our injured players in all areas but when matchday comes I can only think about those able to play,” Klopp said.
“We now have five games in 16, 17 days and we still have some variation possibilities but not many any more.”
We miss all our injured players in all areas but when matchday comes I can only think about those able to play

Ahmedabad signs sister city pact with GuangzhouIndia, China sign 3 pacts within hours of Xi Jinping’s arrival
PTI
Prime Minister Narendra Modi welcomes Chinese President Xi Jinping and wife Peng Liyuan at the Hotel Hyatt in Ahmedabad on Wednesday.
Ahmedabad signs sister city pact with Guangzhou
Ahmedabad, Sept 17:  
India and China today inked three pacts here, hours within the arrival of Chinese President Xi Jinping on a three-day visit to India during which the two countries will focus on boosting trade and investments, besides discussing substantive issues including the contentious border dispute.
Xi, accompanied by his wife Peng Liyuan and a delegation of senior party and government officials, was received by Gujarat Governor O.P Kohli and Chief Minister Anandiben Patel and other senior state Cabinet ministers and accorded a grand welcome with various folk artists performing at the airport.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi welcomed the visiting dignitary and his wife at the entrance of the Hyatt Hotel after which the Prime Minister showed them an exhibition of various Buddhist artifacts and slides.
Thereafter, the two leaders had a brief meeting before heading for the signing-in ceremony of the pacts which are aimed at giving boost to Chinese investments here.
The agreements include sister city pact between Guangzhou in China and Ahmedabad and setting up of an industrial park in the State.
Keen to boost its trade ties with India, the Chinese side has already indicated that it will pledge to invest billions of dollars in India’s railway, manufacturing and infrastructure projects during the Xi’s visit, the third by any Chinese President to India.
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

I want to direct eventually: Fawad KhanPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 17, 2014 5:04 pm
Pakistani singer-actor Fawad Khan  says he would not mind juggling between acting and direction as his eventual desire is to go behind the camera.
“I have this habit of noticing what’s going behind the camera than in front of it, so I know I will take that up. I would like to do both acting and directing. Down the line, I know that direction would be my real interest,” Fawad told PTI.
The 32-year-old actor has a huge female-fan following in Pakistan and now in India thanks to his TV shows like ‘Zindagi Gulzar Hai’ and ‘Humsafar’.
Fawad says he did not find it too hard to begin from the start in Bollywood. “I am one of those actors who have a chip on their shoulder, I have an ego but not an illogical one, I know where I stand so I just want people to respect me and that was my thought while starting out here. I was definitely starting from scratch but if people respect me, which they did, that ego is immediately massaged. That’s my only demand and quite a legitimate one.”
In Pics: Star spotting: Sonam, Fawad in Delhi; Soha, Arjun, Akshay step out
The actor, who has been a part of a music band in the past, said he would like to collaborate with artistes here and sing in Bollywood movies.
“I was asked to sing in ‘Khoobsurat’ but I declined because we were travelling and promoting and it was to be done at a short notice. I need to prepare, be in the studio and do it properly. I’ve strong opinion about music so I feel if I’ve to make something, it will have my whole attention. If in future something is offered, I would consider,” Fawad said.
The actor has often said he has played safe with ‘Khoobsurat’ but if he were to experiment with mainstream cinema, he would like to do Rajkumar Hirani type films.
“I want to do a film like ’3 Idiots’ or ‘Munna Bhai MBBS’, they have commercial element but a good storyline too and characters are well etched out. I would really want to do something my fans would not be expecting. I might fail but I want to take that chance,” he said.

RBI sets rupee reference rate at 60.95 against dollarRBI sets rupee reference rate at 60.95 against dollar
Sensex Rebounds on Hopes Federal Reserve Will Retain StimulusSensex Rebounds on Hopes Federal Reserve Will Retain Stimulus
Mutual fund investment in IT shares hit new all-time highMutual fund investment in IT shares hit new all-time high
M&M clarifies on Peugeot Scooter biz deal; stock closes flatM&M clarifies on Peugeot Scooter biz deal; stock closes flat
Gulf Oil Lubricants India: Board to consider interim dividendSep 17, 2014, 05.21 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Gulf Oil Lubricants India: Board to consider interim dividend
Gulf Oil Lubricants India has informed that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on September 25, 2014, inter alia, to consider declaration of Interim Dividend for the financial year 2014-15.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Gulf Oil Lubricants India: Board to consider interim dividend
Gulf Oil Lubricants India has informed that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on September 25, 2014, inter alia, to consider declaration of Interim Dividend for the financial year 2014-15.
Post your opinion here
 
Gulf Oil Lubricants India Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on September 25, 2014, inter alia, to consider declaration of Interim Dividend for the financial year 2014-15.Further, as per the Company’s Code of Conduct for Prevention of Insider Trading, the trading window for dealing in the securities of the Company shall be closed for all Directors, Officers and Designated Employees as defined in the Code, from 5.00 pm on September 17, 2014 and remain closed till the expiry of 24 hours, after the outcome of Board meeting in respect of consideration of Interim Dividend, if any, are made public on September 25, 2014.Source : BSE
RELATED NEWS

Mangalam Organics: Board meeting on Sept 23  2014Sep 17, 2014, 05.20 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Mangalam Organics: Board meeting on Sept 23, 2014
Mangalam Organics has informed that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on September 23, 2014, to make an appointment of Company Secretary, for the Company.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Mangalam Organics: Board meeting on Sept 23, 2014
Mangalam Organics has informed that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on September 23, 2014, to make an appointment of Company Secretary, for the Company.
Post your opinion here
 
Mangalam Organics Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on September 23, 2014, to make an appointment of Company Secretary, for the Company.Source : BSE

Gtl infrastructure has submitted a copy of the proceedings of the 11th...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Both r good stoks prashantjiNew Member
8 Followers
Yes arvindji did said and two good things happened, one i saw his message two i bought it when it dipped yesterday.  please arvindji post something like that again.
4.53 PM Sep 17th

Inter-ministerial panel on coal linkages to meet next weekInter-ministerial panel on coal linkages to meet next week
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Sep 17, 2014 04:10 PM IST
An inter-ministerial panel will review the status of existing coal linkages to the power sector.
"The meeting of the Standing Linkage Committee (SLC) (Long-Term) for power....To review the status of existing coal linkages/LoAs and other related matters will be held on September 22," according to a Coal Ministry memorandum.
It, however, said that the agenda of the meeting will be intimated in due course.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had announced in the Budget 2014-15 that adequate quantity of coal will be provided to power plants that are already commissioned or would be commissioned by March 2015, to unlock dead investments.
The Power Ministry has also moved a draft Cabinet note to ensure coal linkages for power projects which are already commissioned or are likely to be commissioned by March.
The Power Ministry has sought suggestions from various ministries, including coal, finance, law and environment on its draft note that seeks to ensure coal supplies for the thermal power plants, a source close to the development had said earlier.
The source had also said that the approval of the CCEA is also being sought for supply of linkages to the power plants being commissioned after March, 2015 and up to the end of 12th Plan Period, i.e. 2016-17.
These are the power plants which neither have Letter of Assurances nor fuel supply agreements, the source had said.
In June last year, during the CCEA meeting it was decided that state-owned Coal India (CIL), which accounts for over 80% of the domestic coal production, will sign fuel supply agreement for about 78,000 mw capacity for which linkages were earlier granted by way of Letter of Assurance issued by the 'Maharatna' firm.

LinguaNext Technologies sets up Japanese subsidiaryLinguaNext Technologies sets up Japanese subsidiary
BS Reporter | Pune Sep 17, 2014 08:55 PM IST
Pune based language localisation software solution company LinguaNext Technologies has started its operations in Japan and set up LinguaNext Japan KK, its first overseas subsidiary.
“Japan is a strategic market for LinguaNext – there are many world-class companies there using English-language software who will benefit from being able to run those applications in Japanese for their employees. In addition many Japanese companies have operations in Asia Pacific countries and other regions where they will be able to run their business software in the local language of those countries,” said LinguaNext CEO and co-founder, Jagdish Sahasrabudhe.
The LinguaNext language conversion tool can be switched on or off at user level, allowing customers to run mixed-language installations and giving end users within a single organization the flexibility to select the language they need. This allows customers to run a single instance of each software application across multiple countries or even globally, leading to lower IT infrastructure and support costs.
David Crouch, CEO and representative director, LinguaNext Japan said,  “Using LinguaNext’s language adaptors, those Japanese software providers will be able to offer their solutions to customers in multiple languages and sell their solutions in new overseas markets.”
The LinguaNext language conversion tool can be switched on or off at user level, allowing customers to run mixed-language installations and giving end users within a single organization the flexibility to select the language they need.
This allows customers to run a single instance of each software application across multiple countries or even globally, leading to lower IT infrastructure and support costs.
Crouch added, "Separately, we already secured a major order from SAP to create a Japanese language version of their Afaria mobile enterprise management tool. It is the only accredited SAP 'Endorsed Business Solution' Partner - outside the Americas or Europe to receive this certification."

Strike at Bosch Bangalore plantUpdated: September 16, 2014 16:37 IST
Strike at Bosch Bangalore plant
N. Ravi Kumar
unions
Auto component manufacturer Bosch Ltd, in a filing to the Bombay Stock Exchange on Tuesday morning, said the employee union of its Bangalore plant has called for a strike.
The union has "chosen to go on strike with effect from September 16, 2014", the company said. It said the strike is to "press for their unreasonable demands. Strike will be considered as illegal."
Bosch also informed that the management is in discussion with the Union to restore normalcy with the intervention of the Additional Labour Commissioner, Karnataka.

Nifty confirms a bearish pattern giving a target of 7940 approx15 September 2014
Monday
Markets in decline; Nifty closes below 8050, suggesting at least the short term trend may have changed to down
Bank Nifty continues its choppiness. Prices remained above 16000. PSU Banks are outperforming the banking sector. Correction continues in CNX IT. Prices have seen a breakdown from its support at 10900 and now moving toward its next support.
We have SILVER MINI in METAL SECTION. Trend is down as prices have broken down from its support at 41800 and now moving toward the next support. We have PHARMA in Sector Focus. Prices are consolidating and at the verge of breakout. We may get a buying in Pharma Stocks. Stock in focus includes ANDHRA BANK, DRREDDY, REC LTD and TECH M. For each of these stocks, we analyses their technical picture; identify trades with stop loss and targets. At the end we will discuss EUR INR in Currency Tracker.
You are not a registered subscriber of Game Changers. To read the full report  
We believe that market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis
and it provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or
experienced, to make money. The trick is timely and reliable guidance. All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
Our Vision
To be able to identify and share concrete and consistent trading & investing opportunities in Financial Markets based on Solid Research & Reliable self-developed systems.
Our Belief
Market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis.
Market provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or experienced, to make money.
The trick is timely and reliable guidance.All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
The newsletter contains the market wisdom of Sudarshan Sukhani, India’s renowned and admired technical analyst.
It includes detailed stock, market analysis & recommendations.
We rely exclusively on Technical Analysis for our actual trading decisions.
Our Backbone: Charting software
It is critical to have the right charting software to take the right trades. We use the ‘Trend Analyzer’, a professional charting and analysis software that comes with state-of-the-art tools. It helps determine:
Trend, Momentum, Buy, Sell, Stop loss, Target points for stocks, futures, commodities, and NSE Currency trading.
Recognize consistent opportunities in:
Equities, Futures, Options, Metals, Currencies
“The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind.”
-Khalil Gibran
Chairman and Managing Director
s2analytics.com
Sudarshan Sukhani is one of India’s best known technical analysts. He is a Certified Financial Technician, a recognition given by the International Federation of Technical Analysts, USA and is also the President of The Association of Technical Analysts (ATA) of India.
He is a constant presence as a  market analyst  on moneycontrol.com, CNBC-TV18 and other prominent platforms . He is a qualified chartist and has conducted over fifty seminars on technical analysis. He is also the author of “Trading the Markets”, a top-selling book on actionable stock trading ideas.   A full time stock trader since 1993, Mr Sukhani’s research includes hundreds of books,courses& trading methods. In 1996, he was one of the first users of automated technical analysis in India, and continues to follow the path of systematic trading.
To get access to mailers on a real time basis on you mobile, log on to http://m.moneycontrol.com/gamechangers/
If you are not 100% satisfied with Sudarshan Sukhani, simply notify us within 7 days and the full subscription amount will be refunded. Even later if you change your mind, you will receive a pro-rated refund  for the remainder of your subscription term.
Mailer tariff

Trend-following funds bounce back© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ad69bec6-3cff-11e4-871d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Support for Nifty may come around 7850: Sukhani16 September 2014
Tuesday
Big decline in markets; Nifty, Bank Nifty seek lower levels with across the board selling in Nifty stocks; support for Bank Nifty around 15700
Bank Nifty breaks down from its short term support and closes below 16000. A strong support comes near 15650 in Bank Nifty. CNX IT continues its decline. Prices are now moving toward its next support at 10750.
We have ALUMINIUM in METAL SECTION. Trend is down as prices have broken down from a trading range. A suggested short trade is working in our favour. We have CONSTRUCTION in Sector Focus. Prices are moving down and we should look for a shorting opportunity in this sector. Stock in focus includes ITC, JINDALSTEL, ICICI BANK and SUN PHARMA. For each of these stocks, we analyses their technical picture; identify trades with stop loss and targets. At the end we will discuss GBP INR in Currency Tracker.
You are not a registered subscriber of Game Changers. To read the full report  
We believe that market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis
and it provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or
experienced, to make money. The trick is timely and reliable guidance. All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
Our Vision
To be able to identify and share concrete and consistent trading & investing opportunities in Financial Markets based on Solid Research & Reliable self-developed systems.
Our Belief
Market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis.
Market provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or experienced, to make money.
The trick is timely and reliable guidance.All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
The newsletter contains the market wisdom of Sudarshan Sukhani, India’s renowned and admired technical analyst.
It includes detailed stock, market analysis & recommendations.
We rely exclusively on Technical Analysis for our actual trading decisions.
Our Backbone: Charting software
It is critical to have the right charting software to take the right trades. We use the ‘Trend Analyzer’, a professional charting and analysis software that comes with state-of-the-art tools. It helps determine:
Trend, Momentum, Buy, Sell, Stop loss, Target points for stocks, futures, commodities, and NSE Currency trading.
Recognize consistent opportunities in:
Equities, Futures, Options, Metals, Currencies
“The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind.”
-Khalil Gibran
Chairman and Managing Director
s2analytics.com
Sudarshan Sukhani is one of India’s best known technical analysts. He is a Certified Financial Technician, a recognition given by the International Federation of Technical Analysts, USA and is also the President of The Association of Technical Analysts (ATA) of India.
He is a constant presence as a  market analyst  on moneycontrol.com, CNBC-TV18 and other prominent platforms . He is a qualified chartist and has conducted over fifty seminars on technical analysis. He is also the author of “Trading the Markets”, a top-selling book on actionable stock trading ideas.   A full time stock trader since 1993, Mr Sukhani’s research includes hundreds of books,courses& trading methods. In 1996, he was one of the first users of automated technical analysis in India, and continues to follow the path of systematic trading.
To get access to mailers on a real time basis on you mobile, log on to http://m.moneycontrol.com/gamechangers/
If you are not 100% satisfied with Sudarshan Sukhani, simply notify us within 7 days and the full subscription amount will be refunded. Even later if you change your mind, you will receive a pro-rated refund  for the remainder of your subscription term.
Mailer tariff

Wildfires besiege Northern California  forcing thousands to fleeBy Elahe Izadi September 16 Follow @ElaheIzadi
Hundreds of residents throughout California have been forced to flee their homes as wildfires rage across the drought-stricken state. (Reuters)
High winds, high temperatures and parched earth have helped fuel nearly a dozen wildfires in Northern California, ripping through small towns, burning homes and forcing thousands of people to flee.
The rapid spread of the wildfires has been caused by a perfect storm of conditions, made worse by one of the most severe droughts ever recorded in California.
“The drought simply adds to the seasonal extremes that California already faces every summer and fall season,” Central Sierra Environmental Resources Center director John Buckley told the San Francisco Chronicle .
By Tuesday, fire crews and aircraft managed to partially contain a blaze that devastated the small town of Weed, the Associated Press reported . That fire started Monday afternoon and soon spread across 375 acres, thanks in part to 40 mph winds, the Los Angeles Times reported . Calmer winds Tuesday helped firefighters in their effort, according to the AP.
Dubbed the Boles Fire, it forced more than 1,500 people to flee the small logging town, the Times reported, and ended up destroying or damaging 100 homes and burning the Holy Family Catholic Church church to the ground, the AP reported. The towns of Weed, Carrick and Lake Shastina were evacuated, and firefighters said they saw “fireballs whipping in front of the main body of the fire,” according to the Chronicle.
The Boles fire burns along a ridge Monday in Weed, Calif. (Greg Barnette/The Record Searchlight via AP)
“This was a very destructive, fast-moving fire,” California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection spokesman Daniel Berlant said, according to the Chronicle . “Because of the dry conditions and these gusty winds, this fire was able to easily burn into the town before firefighters were able to get there and fight back. Obviously any fire that burns right up to a community is going to be frightening for those residents.”
Some residents said the fire raced through the town within minutes. Dan Linville told the Associated Press that he and his son smelled smoke from inside their house and saw a black cloud coming over the nearby hills; within 10 minutes, the fire overtook their neighborhood, just missing their home. “It’s horrible,” Linville said. “I’ve got tears in my heart for all these people that I know who lost their homes.”
Firefighters use a water canon to put out a fire at a home in Weed, Calif., on Monday. (Greg Barnette/The Record Searchlight via AP)
Elsewhere, the King Fire, which began early Sunday evening in El Dorado National Forest, has grown to 11,570 acres and is just 5 percent contained, according to the U.S. Forest Service . That fire doubled in size by Monday night to 8,600 acres, and has prompted 160 mandatory evacuations, according to Sacramento’s ABC affiliate, KXTV .
“This is just crazy,” Gold Ridge resident Nanette Machleit told the station. “You can just see the flames and the fumes.”
Nearly, 1,500 firefighters have been assigned to the blaze, which has caused one reported injury, according to the Forest Service.
The King Fire burns near Fresh Pond, Calif., on Tuesday. (Noah Berger/Reuters)
The Courtney wildfire has burned 320 acres in Madera County and damaged more than 60 structures, including 33 homes, Valley Public Radio reported . As of Tuesday, the blaze was 40 percent contained but evacuation orders were still in effect for nearly 600 people near the town
The fire still threatens Bass Lake Heights, where 600 residents have been told to flee, the Times reported.
“It’s like a war zone,” Stephen Sidman told the Fresno Bee .
Jon Cunningham looks at the destruction near where his house burned in Oakhurst, Calif., on Sunday. (Mark Crosse/The Fresno Bee via AP)
Here is a map of the general locations for some of the state’s active and contained wildfires, per Cal Fire :
View California Fire Map in a larger map
Elahe Izadi is a general assignment national reporter for The Washington Post.

Uh-oh  the credit rating agencies are up to their old tricks againBy Matt O'Brien September 16 Follow @ObsoleteDogma
So you're saying there's a chance this subprime bond won't default? It's AAA! (New Line Cinema)
As far as financial crisis villains go, the credit rating agencies never get enough, well, credit. But now they're reminding us that even—or especially—nincompoops can blow up the global economy when you play them off against each other with the promise of a quick buck.
The history of the crash goes something like this. Lenders made (or  misled  people into) mortgages that couldn't be paid back. Then, with the magic of math, banks claimed that bundles of these crappy loans were actually as good as gold—or Treasury bonds—since, the story went, they wouldn't all go bad at once. That was enough for the credit rating agencies to put their top-rated, AAA stamp of approval on this financial alchemy. Which was enough for investors to gobble up all this toxic waste. Subprime bonds, after all, paid better than Treasuries, but were supposed to be just as safe.
They weren't. That's because mortgage defaults weren't uncorrelated; they were contagious. So there wasn't any safety in numbers when it came to these dodgy loans. That was bad news for the investors who had bought this junk. And for the banks that hadn't been able to sell all this junk, while leveraging themselves to the hilt. That started a run on the banks that turned into a run on every asset in the world, as fire sales made everything but government-guaranteed debt look worthless.
It wasn't bad news, though, for the credit rating agencies. They made their money rating bonds, and only rating bonds. If it turned out their ratings were garbage, and contributed to a once-in-three-generations crisis—well, oops. But thanks for all the fees! It was one part incompetence, and another part incentives. See, there's a not-entirely-unfair caricature of the credit rating agencies as the dregs of the financial world. They are, in large part, the people who couldn't get jobs on Wall Street, and they can be a bit too credulous of the people who did. (Especially when they want to go there one day).
But as dim as the credit rating agencies might be, they aren't so dim that they can't perceive their own self-interest. And that's getting paid to rate bonds. Here's why that's a problem. There are three major credit rating agencies, but Wall Street only needs one of them to rate a bond. So a bank can ask all of them what rating they would give a bond, and then go with the one that rates it highest. This "ratings shopping," of course, gives credit rating agencies good reason—i.e.,  their bottom lines—to give banks the ratings they want. There's no point being Cassandra if it drives you out of business.
Dodd-Frank didn't fix this, and now it's coming back.  Tracy Alloway  of the Financial Times reports that banks are once again asking around to get AAA ratings on dubious bonds. One way to tell is that Fitch has only "been hired for four of the 29 subprime auto ABS deals this year, after telling issuers that the vast majority of bonds did not deserve AAA ratings." Now, the good news is that the subprime auto loan market isn't nearly as big, or systemically important, as the subprime mortgage market was before the crash. But the bad news is that we haven't gotten rid of the credit rating agencies' perverse incentives to rate bonds better than they deserve just to drum up business.
It was dumb enough to create a system that encourages the credit rating agencies to take a Panglossian view of the bonds they're supposedly rating. It'd be even dumber to leave it in place after we've seen what a disaster it is.
Matt O'Brien is a reporter for Wonkblog covering economic affairs. He was previously a senior associate editor at The Atlantic.

Eurozone slips a step closer to deflationEurozone slips a step closer to deflation
By Alice Ross in Frankfurt 
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8f46dc98-2f8b-11e4-a79c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Draghi softens tone on austerityDraghi softens tone on austerity
By Claire Jones in Lindau, Peter Spiegel in Brussels and Robin Harding in Jackson Hole
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d438a334-2a15-11e4-a068-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

FIBA: Players can wear religious head coveringssports organisations
International basketball’s governing body said that players will be allowed to wear religious head coverings, such as hijabs or turbans, on a trial basis in some competitions.
FIBA’s central board met over the weekend at the men’s world cup and voted to allow a two-year testing phase that would let players wear head coverings.
Previous FIBA rules only allowed a player to wear a 5-centimeter headband to control hair and sweat. That drew objections that the group was discriminating against Muslim and Sikh players, who wear head coverings for religious reasons.
“We welcome this policy change by FIBA because it allows Muslims, Sikhs and others who wear religious head coverings to take part in the sport that they love while maintaining their beliefs,” said the Council on American-Islamic Relations National Communications Director Ibrahim Hooper.
“FIBA should be congratulated for responding positively to all those who sought reasonable religious accommodation for athletes of all faiths.”
Indira Kaljo, a Bosnian-American Muslim who played college basketball at Tulane, was proud when she heard the news. She called it an “amazing first step.”
Kaljo said she didn’t wear a hijab in college or while playing professionally in Ireland, but after deciding to adhere more closely to her faith, she started to last year.
She wasn’t able to play overseas because of the decision.
She played with the head covering on in an American summer league and didn’t want to return to Europe if she wasn’t allowed to wear it.
“I would love to go back and play in Bosnia now or some other country,” she said.
During the trial, a national federation must petition FIBA to allow players to wear the head coverings. Once approved, the federation will have to submit follow-up reports twice a year. FIBA also said it will allow players to wear head coverings in its 3-on-3 competitions unless it presents a direct threat to the safety of players on the court.
The central board will evaluate the rule again in 2015 and determine whether testing at the lowest official international level should begin next summer. A full review will be done in 2016 on whether it will be a permanent rule change after the 2016 Olympics.
“It’s a start and the right move,” said Val Ackerman, a former WNBA president and proponent of the move who served on FIBA’s board from 2006 to this past August.
“My read from being on the board is that there are places in the world where conforming to cultural dress norms is a precondition for being able to play. So if this is what it takes to open up opportunities for women to play the sport of basketball in those countries, it’s a huge plus.”
In 2012, football’s governing body FIFA changed its rules to allow female Muslim players to wear head scarves, after a campaign by executive committee member Prince Ali bin Al-Hussein of Jordan.

Liquidnet poised for platform launchLiquidnet poised for fixed income trading platform launch
By Josh Noble in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5d378418-3e0f-11e4-b175-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India to produce surplus sugar for 5th straight year: ISMASep 17, 2014, 12.43 PM IST  | Source: Reuters
India to produce surplus sugar for 5th straight year: ISMA
The south Asian country is likely to produce 25 million tonnes to 25.5 million tonnes in 2014/15 year starting Oct. 1, compared with local demand of about 23 million tonnes, the Indian Sugar Mills Association said in a statement.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
India to produce surplus sugar for 5th straight year: ISMA
The south Asian country is likely to produce 25 million tonnes to 25.5 million tonnes in 2014/15 year starting Oct. 1, compared with local demand of about 23 million tonnes, the Indian Sugar Mills Association said in a statement.
Post your opinion here
 
India, the world's second biggest sugar producer after Brazil, is likely to churn out a surplus for the fifth straight year despite erratic rainfall in key growing areas, a leading industry body said on Wednesday.
The south Asian country is likely to produce 25 million tonnes to 25.5 million tonnes in 2014/15 year starting October 1, compared with local demand of about 23 million tonnes, the Indian Sugar Mills Association said in a statement.
The surplus production could depress local prices and increase losses of debt-ridden sugar mills, prompting the country to maintain exports to trim rising inventory.
RELATED NEWS

Kings XI look to tame Hurricanes in CLT20Updated: September 17, 2014 14:27 IST
Kings XI look to tame Hurricanes in CLT20
PTI
Tweet
The Hindu Kings XI Punjab players David Miller and Rishi Dhavan with skipper George Bailey during a practice session before encounter with Hobart Hurricanes in Mohali on Wednesday. Photo: Akhilesh Kumar
The Hindu Kings XI Punjab coach Sanjay Bangar and skipper George Bailey during a press conference in Chandigarh. Kings XI will lock horns with Hobart Hurricanes in the Champions League T20 match. File photo
TOPICS
Twenty20
After their best-ever show at IPL 7, Kings XI Punjab will look to continue their aggressive brand of cricket when they start their campaign against Hobart Hurricanes in a Group B match of the Champions League Twenty20 in Mohali on Thursday.
Riding on their power-packed batting line-up, Kings XI took IPL 7 by storm before finishing runners-up and George Bailey’s men will look to continue their dominating show in their CLT20 debut.
Kings XI depends on Australian players with the likes of Bailey, Glenn Maxwell and Mitchell Johnson forming the core of the team.
Coached by former India player Sanjay Banger, the Punjab team has some explosive batsmen such as Virender Sehwag, David Miller, besides Indian players Wriddhiman Saha, Manan Vora and Rishi Dhawan.
However, Punjab’s bowling unit seems to lack teeth as there is still uncertainty over the participation of strike bowler Johnson, who is yet to get a clearance from Cricket Australia.
Apart from Johnson, Kings XI have some good bowlers in Akshar Patel, Lakshmipathy Balaji and Sri Lanka’s Thisara Perera who, in the possible absence of Johnson, will have to step up their performance at the Punjab Cricket Association Stadium.
Talking about Johnson, who picked up 17 wickets in 14 matches in IPL 7, Bangar said: “We are still waiting for his clearance. Whether he is available or not, we still have a group of individuals who are capable of executing the role that is being given to them.
“It will be good if he is available, but we are ready to cope with the eventuality of his non-availablity,” he added.
Hobart Hurricanes, a team from Australia, on the other hand, are banking on their IPL players to do well in the Champions League T20.
“It is our first time here as a club and as a team, to be on the world stage and championship like this is wonderful for everybody,” Hurricanes coach Damien Wright said.
“We have got some very good experienced players who have been in the IPL and played international cricket. It’s always nice to come to big tournaments and big competitions with experienced players. We have got lot of guys who played the IPL, played for Australia,” he said.
Captained by Tim Paine, the Hurricanes have some experienced players such as Doug Bollinger, Ben Hilfenhaus, Pakistan skipper Shoaib Malik and left-armer Xavier Doherty, who will be handling the responsibility.
Teams:
Kings XI Punjab: George Bailey (C), Virender Sehwag, Anureet Singh, Parvinder Awana, Lakshmipathy Balaji, Rishi Dhawan, Mitchell Johnson, Karanveer Singh, Mandeep Singh, Glenn Maxwell, David Miller, Akshar Patel, Thisara Perera, Wriddhiman Saha, Manan Vohra.
Hobart Hurricanes: Tim Paine (C), Travis Birt, Aiden Blizzard, Doug Bollinger, Cameron Boyce, Xavier Doherty, Ben Dunk (WC), Evan Gulbis, Ben Hilfenhaus, Ben Laughlin, Joe Mennie, Dom Michael, Sam Rainbird, Shoaib Malik, Jonathan Wells.

Coal stock position to improve post festive seasonCoal stock position at thermal plants to improve post festive season
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 17, 2014  | 14:50 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The critical coal stock position at thermal power plants across the country is likely to stabilise after about a month.
According to an official, the coal production at the mines of Eastern Coalfields (ECL), Bharat Coking Coal (BCCL) and Central Coalfields (CCL) is likely to improve only post the festive season.
"The festive season in the eastern part of the country is mainly a lean period, when these companies - ECL, BCCL, and CCL - are short-staffed," the official said, adding that the stock situation at the mines was likely to come under control from mid-October onwards.
Land acquisition problems, delays in getting environment and forest clearances and bottlenecks in coal transportation through railways have time and again affected fuel stocks at thermal power stations.
According to latest data released by Central Electricity Authority (CEA), which provides technical support base to the Ministry of Power, on September 14, 53 thermal plants have less than seven days of coal stocks at their disposal.
Of the 53 plants, 30 stations have less than four days of fuel available to them.
This situation, when compared to last month, has deteriorated. The number of power stations with less than a week's stock stood at 48, of which 24 had less than four days of coal, CEA data said.
The official said that the government had made available additional coal to the tune of 50 million tonnes (MT) from the Tori-Shivpuri-Kathotia mines in North Karanpura, Jharkhand.
Also the railway line connecting the coal mines at Manendragarh, Chhattisgarh had improved, which will help in the transportation of 20 MT fuel.
"All these measures put together the coal situation will improve by the middle of next month," the official added.
In July, of the 100 coal-based power plants monitored by the CEA, 44 power plants had critical coal stock of less than seven days requirement. About 25 had coal stock of less than four days requirement.

Actress Daryl Hannah Relists Malibu Estateactress daryl hannah relists malibu estate
Emami declares interim dividend; scrip down 1.5%Emami declares interim dividend; scrip down 1.5%
Attack on Ujjain University VC: VHP activists heldComments
Ujjain Police on Wednesday arrested 11 Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) and Bajrang Dal activists for allegedly manhandling the vice-chacellor of the Vikram University and vandalising his office on Monday.
Prof Jawaharlal Kaul, who had to be hospitalised after the incident, had earned the ire of the saffron brigade because of his appeal for help to students from flood-hit Jammu and Kashmir.
There are at least 100 Kashmiri students pursuing various courses at the Vikram University.
The activists surrendered at the Madhav Nagar police station on Wednesday morning.
Among those who were arrested are two VHP office-bearers Mahesh Anjana and Hemant Singh Chouhan.
Objecting to Kaul’s appeal to students for helping their Kashmiri classmates, a group of VHP and Bajarang Dal activists on Monday allegedly manhandled him and ransacked his office forcing the administration to provide him with security.
Kaul was admitted to the Sanjeevani Hospital with high blood pressure following the attack. He was released on Monday night.
The teacher and staff at the university had gone on a strike on Tuesday to protest Kaul's alleged manhandling. They also marked their protest by orgainsing a rally.
Police had on Tuesday arrested two persons in connection with the incident.

E-auction cuts could hit Coal India profits in coming quarters  affect disinvestmentE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

We ran 10 000 simulations through our Senate model. They came back tied.By Aaron Blake September 17 Follow @aaronblakewp
On Tuesday, The Fix looked at the latest numbers from the Post's Election Lab . It showed that Democrats, for the first time this year, were now favored to hold the Senate.
Well, we're a few hours past that, and we can now say this: The battle for control of the Senate is a pure toss-up. Not just like a this-is-very-close toss-up, but like a 50-50-odds toss-up.
Our team ran 10,000 simulations using our most recent ratings of the 36 seats up for grabs on Nov. 4. It showed Republicans with a 50.03 percent chance of winning the Senate and Democrats with a 49.97 percent chance of holding the Senate. Again: pure toss-up.
Similar forecasting models put together by FiveThirtyEight and the New York Times's Upshot blog have also been showing the race getting quite close. FiveThirtyEight has the GOP as 53 percent favorites, while the Upshot has Republicans at 51 percent.
What all three models agree on? The GOP is strongly favored to win four seats -- South Dakota, West Virginia, Montana and Arkansas -- and also has pretty good odds in a fifth: Louisiana.
From there, so long as Republicans hold on to Kansas (which is a weird case all it's own ), all three models currently see Alaska and Iowa as pivotal for the majority of the Senate. The GOP wins one of them, and it has the six seats it needs.
Here's how each model rates those races:
And now you can see why the battle for the Senate is 50-50. Republicans are favored in two of these six scenarios. If Democrats were to sweep both seats, they'd probably be returning in January 2015 with their majority intact -- albeit barely.
Aaron Blake covers national politics and writes regularly for The Fix.

Kerala increases tax on liquor  beer and winethe tax on beer and wine would be increased to 70 per cent. (Source: AP)
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: September 17, 2014 4:47 pm | Updated: September 17, 2014 9:40 pm
The Kerala government, which is ushering into prohibition in a decade, on Wednesday decided to further increase the tax on liquor and tobacco products. The decision to further tax the tipplers in Kerala came amidst the claim of the Congress government that it was ready to forgo the revenue from liquor business.
After the cabinet meeting, chief minister Oommen Chandy said the tax on Indian made foreign liquor would be increased from present 115 per cent to 135 per cent. Apart from that, the IMFL would fetch a cess charge of 5 per cent on retail price. This is expected to fetch an additional income of Rs 1130 crore to the state exchequer. Besides, the tax on beer and wine would be increased from 50 per cent to 70 per cent, a step that is expected to give an additional income of Rs 100 crore for the cash-strapped government. The tax on tobacco products would be go up from 22 per cent to 30 per cent, a chunk of it would be ploughed back for the treatment of cancer patients.
At present, the liquor business forms 22 per cent of the state’s revenue. As a first step to total prohibition, the government decided to close down 730 bars out of 752 ones. These bars used to give the government Rs 150 crore in a month towards various taxes. Although the decision is pending in the court, the state government expects to make a windfall as more tipplers would purchase their bottles from the state-run liquor retailer BEVCO. Liquor sales shows that increase in retail prices have not played a dissuading factor for boozers.
As part of austerity measures, the ministers would not take 20 per cent of  their salary until the end of this fiscal. Restrictions would be imposed on foreign trips of ministers. The government has also increased water charges. An increase in land tax is expected to fetch Rs 78 crore, said Chandy.
Kerala government has been tottering on the verge of a severe financial crumble down for last few months. For the first time in last one decade, the state had gone for an over draft of Rs 100 crore early this month. Besides, the government sold 10-year securities to find Rs 500 crore as the exchequer came under stress in the wake of huge flow of money towards various welfare schemes during the Onam festival.
Kerala has already borrowed Rs 6,900 crore this financial year at a time the maximum ceiling on borrowing for this fiscal is Rs 14,000 crore. The government has raised concern over fall in tax collection, but there were not earnest effort to collect huge sales tax arrears. The state is yet to exploit the potential of taxing the granite quarrying sector.

Regulatory uncertainty may delay RPower-Jayp...cerc
(JPVL, which is a part of Jaypee…)
NEW DELHI: The proposed sale of Jaypee group's hydel assets to Reliance Power in an estimated Rs 12,000-crore deal may get delayed due to regulatory uncertainties over tariff issues related to 1,000 MW Karcham Wangtoo hydro project -- one of the three projects being sold.
In one of the biggest deals in the power space, Anil Ambani Group firm Reliance Power in July had announced that it had signed an initial agreement to acquire all the three hydroelectric power plants of Jaiprakash Associates. The deal would be worth about Rs 12,000 crore.
Sources said that Jaiprakash Power Ventures Ltd (JPVL) has withdrawn its application before CERC pertaining to interim tariff for electricity generated from Karcham Wangtoo hydro project and this could delay the deal.
When contacted, a Reliance Power declined to comment, while there was no response to queries sent to Jaypee group.
JPVL , which is a part of Jaypee Group , is expected to file a new application for final tariff before the Central Electricity Regulatory Commission (CERC).
This project is part of the proposed deal with Reliance Power.
Sources said that regulatory uncertainty over the Karcham Wangtoo project, pertaining to tariff charged for electricity produced from the plant, could delay the deal since major chunk of the transaction pertains to debt.
The Rs 12,000-crore deal includes Rs 9,500 crore in debt and Rs 2,500 in equity.
According to sources, the tariff uncertainty could adversely impact Jaypee Group's financials and debt reduction plans.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Panel to review measures taken to unearth bl...Parliamentary panel to review measures taken to unearth black money
PTI Sep 17, 2014, 04.28PM IST
Tags:
Black Money
(A SC-appointed SIT is already…)
NEW DELHI: As government grapples with the issue of black money, a Parliamentary committee has decided to review the subject of "unaccounted" money and its generation.
The Parliamentary Committee on Finance has decided to include "review of measures taken for unearthing unaccounted money and curbing generation thereof" as one of its subjects.
A Supreme Court-appointed Special Investigation Team (SIT) is already looking into the issue of black money and has made some recommendations on various aspects of generation of unaccounted money.
The SIT , constituted in May, was assisted by heads of the IB, ED, CBI, Central Board of Direct Taxes, Narcotics Control Bureau, Directorate of Revenue Intelligence, Financial Intelligence Unit and RAW.
Against the backdrop of multi-agency probe into the Saradha scam, the committee, headed by former Law Minister M Veerappa Moily, will also look into the issue of efficacy of regulation of collective investment schemes and chit funds.
The panel has already issued notices to Finance Ministry, Ministry of Corporate Affairs, Reserve Bank of India and SEBI to provide details on chit funds and ponzi schemes.
The Committee will also review performance of regulatory bodies like SEBI, SFIO , CCI and IRDA .
With bad loans pinching financial institutions, the Committee will go into details of non-performing assets.
With many analysts calling for limiting subsidy deliveries, including PDS food grains, through Aadhaar-linked bank accounts to curb corruption and ensure better delivery, the panel will assess the performance of the direct benefit transfer scheme.
Government transfers money to bank account of consumers of kerosene, LPG, among others, through its direct benefit transfer scheme to plug loopholes and ensure corruption-free delivery.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Reliance Jio awards 50k-70k sites contract ...Reliance Industries
(RJIL, the telecom arm of…)
KOLKATA: Mukesh Ambani-owned Reliance Jio Infocomm is on track to launch its full bouquet of fourth generation data and voice services by March 2015, given the increased pace and progress of its network rollouts, Credit Suisse said in a note to clients.
The Swiss brokerage said the company had completed "installation of about 32,000 base stations nationwide," that would run on Long Term Evolution (LTE), which is a technology standard for offering high speed broadband services popularly known as 4G.
"The pace of Jio's rollout, importantly, has picked up sharply to 6,500-7,000 per month (vs about 3,000 per month in May-2014)," the brokerage said.
It added that Reliance Jio had "awarded a second LTE base station contract to Samsung, for 50,000-to-70,000 units, which would result in the Mukesh Ambani-owned telco's network size crossing 1 lakh base stations. This, the brokerage said, was in addition to the original contract awarded to Samsung for 60,000 LTE base stations. Samsung didn't immediately respond to request for a comment.
Reliance Jio, the newest entrant in the country's telecom business, is gearing up to start offering high-speed, broadband or 4G services, taking on rivals including Bharti Airtel and Vodafone India, amid increasing data usage by the country's mobile phone subscribers.It is the only company to hold pan-India 4G licenses - which it got in 2010 - but hasn't started services till now mainly due to the technical limitations of the 2300 Mhz bandwidth it had been allotted as well as the expensive 4G LTE handsets.
According to Credit Suisse, Jio's upcoming launch of 4G voice and data services would now be helped by recent advances in the global LTE handset ecosystem.
It said developments in the global LTE handset ecosystem were "pushing down price-points rapidly", and sub-$100 LTE smartphones could become a reality, which "could be fairly disruptive in India for incumbents (for whom the top 30% customers account for 70% of revenues based on industry discussions)". It added that the rapid fall in LTE handset price-points would also "weaken arguments around expensive handsets".
Credit Suisse also dismissed recent arguments about "Reliance Jio's weak business base" or the poor global experience for new entrants.
"These arguments are no longer relevant from the point of view of a telecom stock investor, especially since Reliance Jio has decided to enter with high investments anyway," said the international brokerage.
It added that India's own telecom experience from 2009 to 2010 indicated that "even if new entrants are not successful, they cause significant damage to industry/incumbent profitability".
The brokerage concedes pending spectrum allocation in the 1800 MHz band could be a short term hurdle, but feels it won't delay a potential March 2015 rollout of 4G voice and data services, given the accelerated pace of Jio's network deployments.
"We understand Reliance Jio will be able to import FDD radio equipment for the 1800 MHz only after formal allocation of the frequency bands by DoT's Wireless Planning Cell (WPC) wing, but the accelerated pace of deployments makes us comfortable with a March 2015 launch timeline for full-fledged voice and data services", the brokerage said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Alibaba founder Jack Ma refutes rumours of migrating to Hong KongAlibaba founder Jack Ma refutes rumours of migrating to Hong Kong
PTI
Reuters Alibaba founder Jack Ma
Beijing, Sept 17:  
Jack Ma, the founder of China’s pioneering e-commerce firm Alibaba and one of the country’s richest man, has refuted reports of migrating to Hong Kong after the firm’s initial public offering in New York.
Ma, 49, is expected to become China’s richest man after the offering this week.
Spiking online rumours, he said he has no plans to emigrate to Hong Kong, a former British colony now under Chinese sovereignty.
“I never thought I would emigrate anywhere. I was born in Hangzhou, studied in Hangzhou and started my business in Hangzhou,” the state-run Xinhua news agency quoted him as saying.
His denial followed reports that most of the 300 Chinese billionaires wanted to migrate.
Ma said he has always been a Hangzhou resident and he has not planned to change his status in the past, at present or in the future.
Ma founded Alibaba in 1999 in Hangzhou, capital of east China’s Zhejiang Province.
Alibaba is set to raise more than $20 billion through its IPO, the largest ever in US history.
Alibaba began its roadshow last week and kicked off its Asian roadshows in Hong Kong on Monday.
The company is expected to start trading on the New York Stock Exchange as early as Friday.
Investment restrictions in China
Meanwhile, Chinese investors are disappointed in the country’s lukewarm stock market losing another potentially high-quality stock as Alibaba prepares for its big debut.
Investors blame cumbersome rules, such as banning companies registered overseas from listing in China and retaining lengthy listing procedures, for forcing competitive domestic firms like Alibaba to list abroad.
Other notable companies listing abroad for similar reasons include instant messaging service provider Tencent, search engine giant Baidu and the country’s top 10 Internet firms ranging from Sina to Sohu, a Xinhua report said.
China will lose more innovative firms like Alibaba if it retains the approval-based stock regulation system, which selects IPO applicants based on records of financial data and restricts ownership structure in line with share proportions, said Qiu Yanying, an investment officer for China Fortune Securities Co. Ltd.
On Monday, Alibaba raised its initial offering share price to $68 and is on the verge of making the world’s largest IPO on Friday.
More than 200 companies are currently queuing for approval to be listed on Shenzhen’s start-up board, which has ambitions to become China’s Nasdaq-style board.
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

Snapdeal ventures into Gourmet categorySnapdeal ventures into Gourmet category
Anusha Soni | New Delhi Sep 17, 2014 04:58 PM IST
Continuing its category expansion spree, online marketplace giant Snapdeal.com has become the first online major to enter into non perishable food category.
Consumers can now shop for an assortment of food products and beverages including ready to cook items, spreads and jams, wide range of Indian and international groceries, confectionery, chocolates and desserts.
Recently Snapdeal tied up with Tata homes to sell houses online and also entered into a partnership with Croma to sell its electronics products online.
"This launch will further strengthen Snapdeal's leadership as a marketplace and a destination of choice for all kind of products across categories which fulfil customers' both home and business requirements," said Amit Maheshwari, VP Fashion. The gourmet category will launched with well known chef Sanjeev Kapoor's brand WonderChef.

Northern Knights pace attack operated very well: MichaelHusseyStyris picked up 3 important wickets and left Mumbai reeling at 3/34. (Source:BCCI)
Posted: September 17, 2014 5:32 pm | Updated: September 17, 2014 5:43 pm
Knocked out of the Champions League T20 after losing to Northern Knights in the qualifying round , Mumbai Indians’ ace batsman Michael Hussey said some tight bowling by pacers Trent Boult and Tim Southee had led to his team’s downfall.
“The Northern Knights pace attack operated very well. Southee and Boult bowled very well at the start and we could not get going. They had us under pressure and the new guys coming in also found it difficult. Scott Styris reaped the rewards but I think the credit goes to the two pace bowlers for the initial set up,” said Hussey at the post match press conference after losing by six wickets at the Shaheed Veer Narayan Singh International Stadium.
Hussey also admitted that the New Zealand outfit was brilliant on the field.
“It was one of the days where the opposition was right on top of the game and we were just off. They were brilliant in the field and luck was on their side. The Knights are playing with a lot of confidence and they will be a dangerous side in the main tournament,” he said.
The Australian batsman said his side prepared well just before the start of the tournament in Bangalore but despite excellent facilities, the Mumbai Indians failed to capitalise.
“We had an excellent preparation in Bangalore. We had excellent facilities, so we have got no excuse on that.
Actually we prepared really well. Yes, it is disappointing not to get through (in the championship).”
We had excellent facilities, so we have got no excuse on that. Actually we prepared really well.

J-K govt should treat each affected family equally:BJPA woman and her son inspecting their damaged house caused by the devastating floods at village of district Budgam of central Kashmir. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | Jammu | Posted: September 17, 2014 5:30 pm | Updated: September 17, 2014 6:35 pm
Jammu and Kashmir BJP on Wednesday asked the state government to direct its agencies not to work selectively and treat each family, affected by floods, equally in distribution of relief material and rehabilitation efforts.
“We stress on the state government to direct its field agencies to not work selectively to please leaders of National Conference and Congress but treat each affected family equally in matters of distribution of relief material and rehabilitation efforts,” said Jugal Kishore Sharma, BJP State President and MP, after meeting a group of public activists from Akhnoor belt.
To brief Sharma about the sufferings and the losses of the people in Akhnoor and elsewhere, a group of prominent public activists from Sangrampur, Chanjwa, Bakore, Garhi, Setreyal, Muthi Mera, Devipur, Samah nallah, Bomal, Kot Garhi, called on him at the party headquarters.
They narrated their ordeal and told him that they were badly hit by the floods as they were residing adjacent and near the banks of river Chenab, and have lost everything and now have no means of sustenance.
They also demanded that their losses should be assessed at the earliest and in the mean time adequate relief should be provided.
Giving a patient hearing to them, Sharma said the party was fully seized of their suffering and plight due to the flood related destruction, not only of their areas but of all the different parts of Jammu and Kashmir and he being elected MP from Jammu-Poonch Parliamentary constituency is more concerned for the people and the areas of his constituency.
He said it was matter of satisfaction that since day one the Union government came into action and took lead in reaching the affected areas and pressing all the means.
The immediate visit of Prime Minister and other Union Ministers besides high level teams of different central agencies to the state were the testimony of the fact that while the Omar Abdullah-led government was in deep slumber and nowhere on the scene for days together the Union government swung into action without any loss of time and delay, he said.
The BJP President said the party does not want to take credit or indulge in blame game on negligence but at this juncture it is our sincere effort to adopt a human approach and do whatever is possible to reach maximum people in all the affected areas and provide them succor. He said the exact losses should be assessed at the earliest and in the meanwhile the government needs to gear up its agencies and engage them on war footing in relief operations utilizing all the available infrastructure and the machinery.

Scotland referendum: Better being together orsecedePeople hold up signs during a YES campaign rally in central Glasgow, Scotland, Wednesday. Source: AP photo
Written by Shafa Reyaz | Posted: September 17, 2014 5:28 pm | Updated: September 17, 2014 6:17 pm
Scotland is just a few hours away from the historic referendum which could break it away from the Great Britain after being in union for 309 years. The referendum is not something that has cropped up in a year or two but there has been a lot of factors that led to this plebiscite.
England’s decision to wage unpopular wars in Afghanistan and Iraq, introduction of a London-centric weather map, and its involvement in nuclear race which a majority in Scotland opposed, are among the factors that gave Scots enough reason to break away from the United Kingdom.
Did England show indifference to Scotland’s anger? The overconfidence of the British Prime Minister David Cameron on the union of the United Kingdom and thus acceding for the referendum, is now giving him sleepless night. Or what else could be the reason for the desperation in his voice when he made an emotional speech on Monday in Scotland urging people to vote ‘No’ in Thursday’s referendum?
If the recent opinion polls are to be believed, then ‘YES for independence vote’ is on the rise. The anxiety among the ‘Better Together ‘No’ campaign’ is also stemming from the fact that any side can win if they get 50%+1 cast vote.
Also read: A guide to Scotland as independence vote nears
Till a month back, the ‘No’ side poll counting was leading but recent results have shown ‘Yes’ campaign giving ‘No’ side a run for their money.
No doubt, Thursday’s referendum is going to be a neck-and-neck competition as both the sides are not leaving any stones unturned to get the ball in their court. In his last ditch effort the British PM has promised more devolution to Scotland in case of voting for ‘No’, whereas the Scotland first minister Alex Salmond says ‘Scotland is better off without England.’
In case the ‘Yes pro-independence’ group wins the poll and rest of the UK opposes its EU membership then Scotland would have tough time getting the entry and security from EU and NATO, which it has been enjoying till now.

FIBA allows players to wear religious headcoveringsFIBA only allowed a player to wear a 5-centimeter headband. That drew objections that they were discriminating against Muslim and Sikh players, who wear head coverings. (Source: Facebook/ Amrit Mann)
Associated Press | Posted: September 17, 2014 5:28 pm
International basketball’s governing body said Tuesday that players will be allowed to wear religious head coverings, such as hijabs or turbans, on a trial basis in some competitions.
FIBA’s central board met over the weekend at the men’s world cup and voted to allow a two-year testing phase that would let players wear head coverings.
Previous FIBA rules only allowed a player to wear a 5-centimeter headband to control hair and sweat. That drew objections that the group was discriminating against Muslim and Sikh players, who wear head coverings for religious reasons.
“We welcome this policy change by FIBA because it allows Muslims, Sikhs and others who wear religious head coverings to take part in the sport that they love while maintaining their beliefs,” said the Council on American-Islamic Relations National Communications Director Ibrahim Hooper. “FIBA should be congratulated for responding positively to all those who sought reasonable religious accommodation for athletes of all faiths.”
Indira Kaljo, a Bosnian-American Muslim who played college basketball at Tulane, was proud when she heard the news. She called it an “amazing first step.”
Kaljo said she didn’t wear a hijab in college or while playing professionally in Ireland, but after deciding to adhere more closely to her faith, she started to last year. She wasn’t able to play overseas because of the decision. She played with the head covering on in an American summer league and didn’t want to return to Europe if she wasn’t allowed to wear it.
“I would love to go back and play in Bosnia now or some other country,” she said.
During the trial, a national federation must petition FIBA to allow players to wear the head coverings. Once approved, the federation will have to submit follow-up reports twice a year. FIBA also said it will allow players to wear head coverings in its 3-on-3 competitions unless it presents a direct threat to the safety of players on the court.
The central board will evaluate the rule again in 2015 and determine whether testing at the lowest official international level should begin next summer. A full review will be done in 2016 on whether it will be a permanent rule change after the 2016 Olympics.
“It’s a start and the right move,” said Val Ackerman, a former WNBA president and proponent of the move who served on FIBA’s board from 2006 to this past August. “My read from being on the board is that there are places in the world where conforming to cultural dress norms is a precondition for being able to play. So if this is what it takes to open up opportunities for women continued…
We welcome this policy because it allows players who wear religious head coverings to take part

Supportive partner at home key to avoid jobstressIndo-Asian News Service | Posted: September 17, 2014 5:19 pm
Do not just blame tough deadlines, demanding bosses or abusive colleagues for burnouts at work. Having an understanding partner at home is just as important as having a supportive boss for a satisfying work experience.
“It turns out that mental health in the workplace does not exist in a vacuum; it is deeply affected by the rest of a person’s day-to-day life and vice versa,” said Alain Marchand, a professor from the school of industrial relations at the University of Montreal.
“To maintain a truly healthy workforce, we need to look outside the office or home in simple terms to combat mental health issues in the workplace,” he added.
To reach this conclusion, the team from the University of Montreal and Concordia University surveyed 1,954 employees from 63 different organisations to measure factors like parental status, household income, social network, gender, age, physical health and levels of self-esteem.
They studied these elements alongside stressors typically seen in the workplace such as emotional exhaustion, poor use of skills, high psychological demands, job insecurity and lack of authority.
“The study shows that fewer mental health problems are experienced by those living with a partner, in households with young children, higher household incomes, less work-family conflicts and greater access to the support of a social network outside the workplace,” Marchand explained.
Of course, factors within the workplace like supportive employees, job recognition and security are still important.

Mary Kom got my life almost right: MaryKomMary Kom on the biopic: The film took me on an emotional journey.
Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai | Posted: September 17, 2014 5:19 pm
Some find it over the top, others feel Priyanka Chopra was not the right choice to play the title role. But boxing champ M.C. Mary Kom is happy with Omung Kumar’s directorial venture ‘ Mary Kom ‘ and says that the biopic has captured the true essence of her life.
It had a successful run at the box office and Mary Kom says that the movie would not have been a hit if any look-alike had played her role.
“What makes me happy is that my story and whatever it may contain to inspire younger generations, would now be taken far. Now the story of my struggle has gone to every corner of India,” she said.
Q: When you saw yourself on screen what were you thoughts?
A: I broke down and cried. I remembered all the difficulties and all my struggles. It hasn’t been easy being Mary Kom. The film took me on an emotional journey. When I saw it the first time, I cried uncontrollably. Again when we had a screening of the film on Sep 3, I broke down. I can’t forget all the pain and stress I’ve been through.
In Pics: Mary Koms – Real, reel and the doll – sizzle up Delhi
Q: Do you think ‘Mary Kom’, the film, captures your life?
A: Almost. Yes, it’s got my life almost right. Except for the bits showing insurgency in Manipur that affects my state so deeply, the rest of the film is true to my life. It’s all true. Priyanka has done a great job of playing me. And not just Priyanka, even Darshan Kumaar who plays my husband is very, very good.
Read: North East shown in good light in ‘Mary Kom’: Priyanka Chopra
Q: Priyanka doesn’t look like you at all. Is that a problem for you?
A: No! I don’t think it was important for her to look like me. In many ways Priyanka is very similar to me. It was important to feel like me. Any other girl from Manipur or the Northeast could look more like me. But to express my feelings and thoughts was more important. Also, the movie would not have been a hit if any look-alike had played my role.
Q: You said Priyanka is similar to you. In what ways?
A: Yes, we are similar people. We found a lot in common. We both laugh and cry a lot. We’ve both gone through our own struggle. A lot of hard work has gone into her career, just like mine. The struggle has not being easy for either for me.
Q: How would you rate the film?
A: I don’t know (laughs). What makes me happy is that my story and whatever it may contain to inspire younger generations, would now be taken far. Now the story of my struggle has gone to continued…

India  China sign 3 pacts |  Back office India  to power global economy: XiChinese President Xi Jinping arrives in Ahmedabad
PTI Sep 17, 2014, 03.41PM IST
Tags:
China President Xi's India Visit
(Xi was accompanied by his…)
AHMEDABAD: Chinese President Xi Jinping arrived here today on a three-day visit, which is expected to define the relationship between the two neighbours who have had a troubled past.
Jinping, who arrived here from Sri Lanka, was welcomed by Gujarat Governor OP Kohli and Chief Minister Anandiben Patel, as well as the state Cabinet ministers.
The Chinese President is accompanied by his wife Peng Liyuan. He is the first important foreign dignitary to begin his India visit from Gujarat.
On his arrival, Xi was accorded a police guard of honour. Prime Minister Narendra Modi , when he was Gujarat chief minister, had visited China multiple times and built a relationship with the Communist Party leadership there.
Highlighting the importance New Delhi is attaching to Xi's visit, Modi has come here to receive the Chinese President.
The city has been decked up by the administration to welcome the Chinese President here.
The visit, for which elaborate security arrangements have been made, will witness signing of three MoUs between China and Gujarat, Modi's home state.
Tight security has been put in place for Xi's visit. Gujarat Police with the help from Central security agencies have made necessary arrangements.
During his brief stop here, Xi along with Modi will attend a business meet, visit Sabarmati Ashram and riverfront, where a walk and dinner has been arranged for the President and the delegation accompanying him.
One of the MoUs, to be inked between China Development Bank (CDB) and Industrial Extension Bureau (iNDEXTb) of Gujarat government, relates to development of industrial parks in the state.
Another pact will be signed between China's Guangdong province and Gujarat government. The third MoU will be between Guangzhou and Ahmedabad cities for cultural exchange.
Top industrialists from both the countries will take part in the business meet.
The dinner, to be served in a dome on the Sabarmati Riverfront, will consist of only Gujarati delicacies and attended by 22 VVIPs, a government official said.
Xi, who arrived here in the afternoon, will leave for Delhi late in the evening.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Policy rate unlikely to change till fiscal-e...Dun & Bradstreet
(According to Dun & Bradstreet,…)
NEW DELHI: The Reserve Bank of India is likely to keep its policy rates unchanged till the end of this fiscal year and a probable rate action is likely only in the next fiscal, said report.
According to Dun & Bradstreet, the moderation in inflation is largely owing to base-effect and supply-side pressures to inflation still remain.
"The battle against inflation will continue till supply-side issues are adequately addressed. RBI would thus keep its policy rate unchanged till the end of this fiscal year with a probable action visible only in early next financial year," Dun & Bradstreet India Senior Economist Arun Singh said.
CPI inflation moderated to 7.8 per cent year-on-year in August (as against 8.0 per cent year-on-year in July). The wholesale inflation also fell to a nearly five year low of 3.74 per cent in August.
"On the WPI inflation front, there is a significant base effect at play, resulting in moderation of food prices and it will continue to do so in the forthcoming months as well," Singh noted.
D&B expects the CPI (combined) inflation to remain range-bound at 7.6 per cent-7.8 per cent during September 2014.
On growth, the report said that "tentative" signs of strength are emerging in the country, but a full-fledged cyclical recovery is still some distance away, the report said.
The country's GDP expanded at the fastest pace in the first quarter of FY 2015 since Jan-April period of FY 2012, driven by a sharp recovery in industrial growth and gradual improvement in services sector.
"The government has announced several measures to improve the ease of doing business and there has been some progress in clearing and reviving stalled projects. That said, a full-fledged cyclical recovery is still some distance away and the current macro-scenario should be construed with some caution," Singh said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Indo-China biz:ICBC to finance 30 planes for...You are here: Home > Collections > Airbus
IndiGo agrees $2.6 billion aircraft finance deal with China's Industrial & Commercial Bank of China
ET Bureau Sep 17, 2014, 07.02PM IST
Tags:
Commercial Bank
(Under the MoU, ICBC will…)
MUMBAI: IndiGo, India's top carrier by market share, on Wednesday said it has got into a deal with China's ICBC Financial Leasing Co to finance the purchase of over 30 Airbus planes worth $2.6 billion. The deal with the bank is for A320 planes that will be delivered starting October 2015. IndiGo currently has a fleet of 80 A320s.
"ICBC will provide IndiGo financial solutions for the introduction of A320 and other aircraft to the fleet in the form of sale and lease back or financial lease or commercial lending," the airline said in a statement.
ICBC has worked with other Indian corporates such as Reliance Communications with which it signed a refinancing deal for foreign currency convertible bonds worth over $1 billion in 2012. The aircraft are part of the 180 planes IndiGo ordered from Airbus in January 2011. The list prices of the aircraft at that time were $15.6 billion. An airline usually finances about 80% of an aircraft order via debt. It also gets discounts on list prices in proportion to the volume of the deal. Indi-Go's 2011 order was the biggest one in aviation history.
The deal announcement comes months before the likely public listing of the airline through which it aims to raise up to $400 million, according to sources. IndiGo is, according to analysts, the only profitable airline in an aviation industry that is reeling under losses. Its net profit soared 6 times to Rs 787 crore in 2012-13. Experts have said that apart from efficient operations, profits from sale and leaseback of planes are one of the key contributors to IndiGo's overall net profit.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Metro plans for possible FBI relocation to GreenbeltBy Luz Lazo September 17 Follow @luzcita
A view of the parking lot adjacent to the Greenbelt Metro station. The lot is part of a proposal for the new FBI headquarters. (Evy Mages/For The Washington Post)
There is a lot of talk about the planned relocation of the FBI headquarters from the dated J. Edgar Hoover Building in downtown Washington.
And with Greenbelt on the short list of sites where the agency could move, Metro is looking ahead to a major transformation of its Metrorail station there.
The transit agency is planning a January public hearing to present a plan that includes relocating bus bays and parking facilities in the event that Greenbelt is chosen for the agency’s new home.
The General Services Administration announced this summer that Greenbelt is one of three sites on the shortlist for relocation. The agency also is considering Landover, in Prince George’s County, and Springfield in Fairfax County.
Stan Wall, director of real estate and station planning at Metro, said bringing the FBI headquarters at Greenbelt would benefit Metro on many fronts, chiefly by creating a reverse commute and building ridership at the end of the Green Line.
The 78-acre Greenbelt Metro site includes a large commuter parking lot with space for 3,400 cars.  The station also has about 300 Kiss & Ride parking spots and a bus loop with 17 bus bays. It has direct access from the southbound Capital Beltway into the station and an egress from the site to the northbound Capital Beltway.
Metro has been negotiating an agreement with Renard Development LLC to replace and relocate existing facilities to allow for the construction of a building that would accommodate the FBI’s 11,000 workers, plus multi-family housing, office and retail around the rail station.  Metro says it will continue to work with Renard, the state of Maryland, Prince George’s County and the City of Greenbelt to refine the concept plan for the site and expects a final plan to be completed by the time of the public hearing.
The proposal envisions a transforming the Metro station from a sea of parking spaces into a vibrant, transit-oriented community. Metro projects the development would increase ridership at Greenbelt, which has decreased in the past decade to an average of 6,541 daily passenger boardings.
Wall said the proposal supports Metro’s strategic plan, known as Momentum He said it would improve regional mobility and connect communities through enhanced access of the station and encourage reverse commuting through the establishment of an employment center at the end of the Green Line.  The project also would serve as a catalyst for development in the surrounding community.
In the massive Greenbelt complex proposed by Renard Development, the FBI would occupy the five buildings at the bottom of the illustration. (Courtesy of Renard Development/Gensler)
Under the proposal Metro’s existing 3,400 commuter parking spaces would move to a garage in an area southwest of the station, with direct pedestrian access to the station. The Kiss & Ride spaces would be relocated to an area immediately southwest of the station entrance and would be on the ground level of a residential and retail complex. Metro’s bus loop would move to the southeast of the station entrance, on the ground level of a hotel and office building.  The plan incorporates a secure bike facility, improved pedestrian access with the use of trails, and full access from the Beltway to the station.
Metro also proposes to establish a daily parking fee of $14.50 for non-Metro riders who wish to park the facility.  Because the area would be largely developed and attract many new workers, Metro says it expects some of those new office workers would want to park at the Greenbelt Metro facilities.  A “non-rider” parking fee would discourage them from parking there, Metro said. The regular daily parking fee at Greenbelt is $5.10.
If the GSA selects another location for the FBI, Metro’s agreement with the private developer will be terminated, Wall said.
Luz Lazo writes about transportation and development. She has recently written about the challenges of bus commuting, Metro’s dark stations, and the impact of sequestration on air travel.

Former Assam police chief  suspect in Saradha scam  commits suicideFormer Assam police chief  suspect in Saradha scam  commits suicide
New book by Salman Khurshid to be out this NovemberNew book by Salman Khurshid to be out this November
They are investing in e commerce... but scalability is a problem here....New Member
7 Followers
Officially you aren`t allowed to sell luxury swiss watches like rolex online. What you find online in other websites are via 3rd party resellers. They could even be refurbished watches. Ethos don`t sell online they just generate leads online and then the actual sale happens in physical stores. It helps them with wider geographic reach as lot of sales do happen from cities where there are no stores. Ethos have all the platform ready for actual ecommerce sales on website in terms of back end infrastructure. As and when online sales are officially allowed by swiss watch makers ethos will move in a big big way. I think it`ll happen sooner than later.
9.36 AM Sep 18th

Hello srini gaaru i think soCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Molly bhai agar nifty 7700 k niche chala aye tou maza aajayee  sare lo...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Financial year 14/15 net profit could be in the region of around 200c...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Solar tracking systems maker SmartTrak to expand pan-IndiaSmartTrak to expand pan-India
BS Reporter | Hyderabad Sep 17, 2014 08:48 PM IST
Solar tracking systems manufacturer SmartTrak is keen on tapping at least 20 per cent of the 5,000-Mw solar power capacity, set to be commissioned in the country by 2020.
“Investments into solar capacity creation are gaining ground in the country for a variety of reasons and we are constantly innovating to make technology affordable for power producers to farmers to set up solar units,” said Bhagawan Reddy Gnanapa, CEO and director of SmartTrak.
The annual Rs 60 crore revenue company is “confident of closing the current fiscal with tracking systems orders for 100-Mw in the domestic market and plans to take this to 1,000-Mw in the next five years.”
Solar tracking systems orient or align the photovoltaic cells (panels) towards the changing direction of the sunlight in the course of the day. SmartTrak claims its systems help in generating 45 per cent more energy, compared with the traditional fixed solar panels.
The cost of installing  comes to around 8 per cent of the total investment for a solar power project.
The company has so far installed its systems across 30-Mw solar capacity in and around Hyderabad. Gnanapa said they would now look to expand pan-India and were eyeing sale of their systems to players in West Asia. “There is a growing interest among countries in West Asia to minimise dependence on fossil fuels,” said chief marketing officer Naveen Tadpatri.
SmartTrak is looking at going public in the next fiscal and "is in talks with select merchant bankers to evaluate the company's market valuation".
The company has a manufacturing facility to serve 30-Mw solar capacity at the Hardware Technology Park near Hyderabad. It has invested Rs 5 crore in the facility.

All you want to know about Amazon India s tax issueAll you want to know about Amazon India's tax issue
Shishir Asthana | Mumbai Sep 17, 2014 05:27 PM IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has set up a committee to identify "obsolete" laws which hamper governance by creating avoidable confusion. But this is not enough, the government will also need to think about enacting new laws to meet with the changing times. Take the case of e-commerce business in the country.
 
Karnataka tax authorities have stopped Amazon India from selling some products from its warehouse in the state by cancelling the licences of third-party merchants who supply goods to the Amazon’s Karnataka warehouse. The problem is not of tax evasion by Amazon or its merchants but a case of interpretation of the law.
 
India along with most other countries does not have a law on how to tax new businesses like e-retailing. Imposition of tax is left to the interpretation of the local authorities. Since sales tax is a state subject, companies working across the country have to deal with different interpretations.
 
According to a Livemint  report the Karnataka government has served notices to more than 100 third-party merchants, ordering them to stop storing their products in Amazon’s storehouses near Bangalore. The notices say these merchants cannot register Amazon’s warehouse as their ‘additional place of business’.
 
‘Additional place of business’ or Branch Certification is a concept which falls under the purview of sales tax or value-added tax. To understand it under the present context of Amazon let’s look at how the e-commerce space works.
 
For an e-commerce company like Amazon, Snapdeal or Flipkart sales takes place in two forms. In the most basic form these companies offer a platform where the buyer meets the seller on the website after he chooses a product. Sellers are merchants who showcase their products on the website of these e-commerce companies. If the product and its price meets the buyers requirement a sales transaction is initiated. In such a transaction the website is only facilitators and gets a commission for providing the service. The e-commerce company has to pay a service tax on the commission (for service provided) it has collected. There is no question of sales tax or value added tax in such a transaction.
 
But these days e-commerce companies are no longer plain vanilla platform providers. With the help of data warehousing, data mining and analysis e-commerce companies have developed software’s to predict customer preferences and interpret which products will be in demand. To save on time, logistic cost and earn a little extra money, e-commerce companies store goods they feel will be doing well and will be fast moving. This type of transaction is the bone of contention between Amazon India and Karnataka’s tax authority.
 
Amazon India, as per Livemint, maintains that in such type of transaction called ‘fulfilment’ the company is only a service provider and at no point does it owns the products or sells it. In these cases the products are purchased by the customer and Amazon India is only providing services of storage, delivery and collection of money for the seller. After Amazon collects the money from the sale, it deducts its commission and passes on the rest to the merchant, who in turn pays the sales tax.
 
Taxmen on the other hand say that Amazon is liable to pay the tax as for all ‘practical purposes’ the ownership of the good is transferred to the e-commerce company till they sell it. One way of looking at it is that Amazon is stocking the products as any shopkeeper with a buyback clause with the manufacturer that they will give the product back if it remains unsold. Logic behind the tax authorities demanding tax could be that since Amazon India stores products of more than one kind and that too not in a random fashion but there is some science behind the stockings, there is an element of value-add. Taxmen might not be viewing it as a simple case of providing service.
 
To break the logjam, an Economic Times  report says that Amazon India has  suggested that the government introduce a rule making it mandatory for online firms to furnish details of transactions, seller’s identity and VAT collected to tax authorities to help them cross-check compliance. Karnataka state government on their part have asked tax authorities to go easy on the clampdown on dealers until an amicable solution is reached.
 
For the government there is no loss of revenue since the tax if not collected from Amazon, is being collected from the merchant.

Bajaj Allianz starts helpline number for J&K flood victimsBajaj Allianz General Insurance starts helpline number for J&K flood victims
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 12, 2014  | 18:50 IST
Photo: Reuters
Private sector Bajaj Allianz General Insurance has introduced a dedicated helpline number - 18002097072 - for the J&K flood victims.
Customers can reach out to the insurer through this number to register their claims or seek any assistance, Bajaj Allianz General Insurance said in a statement on Friday.
A special team has been formed in the company to handle these cases and efforts shall be made to settle maximum claims on priority.
Apart from the helpline number , the company has also issued for its motor insurance customers a special advisory, which gives them instructions on how to avoid further damage to their vehicles from the floods, it said.
For any claims pertaining to property, health or personal accident, customers can contact the insurer through this special helpline number, it said.

You can now remove that U2 album from your iPhoneBy Hayley Tsukayama September 16 Follow @htsuka
Apple scrambles to allow users to delete U2’s latest album, which was sent to iTunes accounts without consent. (Reuters)
Apple has released a tool that will let users remove its free gift to all iTunes users -- U2's newest album, "Songs of Innocence."
The tech giant and the mega-band gave the album to Apple customers for free last week, claiming that the instant distribution was the world's largest ever album launch. But not everyone was pleased to be included in that launch, particularly when the album showed up in people's iTunes libraries as a "purchased" album.
That automatic appearance in users' libraries was a surprise reminder -- and not necessarily a good one -- of the control Apple can have over what appears on your personal device.
And while U2 may claim the title of the "biggest band in the world" that hardly means that everyone wants their latest album; my Washington Post colleague Chris Richards has called the group's latest offering  "dystopian junk mail."  (For what it's worth, Post reviewer Allison Stewart says it's "actually not that bad.")
Having the album in your iTunes library without downloading it doesn't take up any room on your phone. But if you want to rid your device of any trace of the thing, you can now visit an official Apple Web site , sign in to your iTunes account and kiss the album goodbye. It should go without saying that deleting it means that you waive your right to getting the album for free.
On the flip side, if you're one of those people who actually wants  the album, be sure to download it by Oct. 13 to take advantage of the free offer.
Hayley Tsukayama covers consumer technology for The Washington Post.

SBI cuts medium-term deposit rate by 25 bpsSBI cuts medium-term deposit rate by 25 bps
BS Reporter | Mumbai Sep 17, 2014 12:50 AM IST
Flush with funds, the country’s largest commercial bank, State Bank of India, has cut the interest rate on medium-term deposits (one year to less than three years maturity) by 25 basis points (bps) to 8.75 per cent.
It also raised the deposit rate by 25 bps in the 180-210 days category to 7.25 per cent. The new rates will be effective from Thursday.
This is the second time in this quarter that the bank has revised deposit rates. In July, it had reduced the interest rate on fixed deposits up to 179 days by 50 bps and on bulk deposits by 25 bps.
SBI said the latest revision was due to abundant liquidity, coupled with slower than anticipated credit pick-up. A senior executive said deposits have been growing at a healthy rate of 13-14 per cent but credit expansion remained tepid at only seven per cent.
Inflation is trending down at a faster clip. So, this rate adjustment (cut) will continue to ensure savers are compensated adequately with a positive real rate on their deposits, the bank said.
About the effect of SBI action on other banks, R K Dubey, chairman and managing director of Canara Bank, said “We will take a call depending on the situation. Every bank will go to its asset-liability committee and decide.”
Meanwhile, ICICI Bank, the country's largest private sector lender, has increased the interest rate on bulk deposits (above Rs 1 crore) on the maturity period of 30-45 days by 10 basis points. The rates have been increased to 8.35 per cent from 8.25 per cent and the new rates are effective Tuesday.
CHECKS & BALANCES
SBI cuts the interest rate on medium-term deposits (1 year to less than 3 years maturity) by 25 bps to 8.75%
It also raises the deposit rate by 25 bps in the 180-210 days category to 7.25 per cent
This is the second time in this quarter that the country’s largest lender has revised deposit rates
SBI says the latest revision is due to abundant liquidity, coupled with slower than anticipated credit pick-up

Salmond disregards foreign policy factsAlex Salmond brushes aside the foreign policy facts for Scotland
By Philip Stephens
©Getty
Scotland will renounce weapons of mass destruction and then saunter into the Nato nuclear alliance. So eager will be the EU to fling open its doors that it will skip the formalities, and Edinburgh will pick and choose among the terms of membership. The world, in other words, cannot wait to welcome an independent Scotland into its warm embrace. So says Alex Salmond , leader of the Scottish National party, as the nation prepares to vote on separation.
Things are not quite like that, of course. Many European governments fear that a vote for Scottish independence will give succour to separatist movements across the continent. They have little interest in making life easy for a new breakaway state.
More
Foreign policy in Germany
The US has made no secret about its fears of what the break-up of Britain will mean for the cohesion of the western alliance . Nuclear deterrence is at the heart of the organisation’s strategic concept. As Anders Fogh Rasmussen, the outgoing secretary-general, observed this week, each of the 28 existing member states would have to sign up to the admission of an anti-nuclear Scotland.
For Mr Salmond’s nationalists, these are inconvenient facts to be brushed aside, like the many outstanding economic questions, as English scaremongering. All those other states – in the EU and Nato – could be relied upon to discard their prejudices and interests in celebration of Scottish independence. Mr Rasmussen, José Manuel Barroso at the European Commission, the White House and anyone else you can think of will play a different tune after Thursday’s vote.
Beyond insisting that Scotland will banish the Trident nuclear missile system from the Clyde and that it will not be drawn into conflicts in the Middle East, Mr Salmond does not have a foreign policy for his new state. And on this last issue – the reach beyond the Middle East of Islamist extremism – the murder this week of Scottish aid worker David Haines has raised the question as to whether Scotland could so easily inoculate itself against the harsh realities of the wider world.
There is nothing to say that either European neighbours or the US would seek to isolate a Scotland that decided to strike out on its own. Over time it is entirely plausible to imagine it being welcomed into both the EU and Nato. The deception in the nationalist campaign lies in the assertion that everyone else would bend to Edinburgh’s will and allow Mr Salmond to dictate his own terms.

How the gaming community destroys its heroesBy Andrea Peterson September 16 Follow @kansasalps
Microsoft announced that it will acquire video game maker Mojang and its popular Minecraft game for $2.5 billion Monday. (Joe Raedle/Getty Images)
Microsoft it announced it was buying Mojang , the developer of indie-game turned phenomenon Minecraft, for $2.5 billion Monday. The same day, Markus "Notch" Persson announced that he was leaving the company , ending a heartfelt note with two very telling sentences.
"It’s not about the money. It’s about my sanity."
Gaming, like many subcultures, is prone to cults of personality. But the online intensity of the gaming community can magnify the personal relationship individuals feel with the creators of the content they care about — sometimes to the detriment of the personal and professional lives of those creators, and in turn the industry at large.
In a moment that foreshadowed the Mojang sale, Notch vented on Twitter in June after being the subject of fan vitriol over an end license user agreement (or EULA) issue on Twitter:
Anyone want to buy my share of Mojang so I can move on with my life? Getting hate for trying to do the right thing is not my gig.
— Markus Persson (@notch) June 17, 2014
Notch writes in his farewell post that he was burnt out from being the subject of such intense scrutiny, referencing the EULA as a sort of turning point that made him realize his role at Mojang had morphed into one he didn't enjoy.
I’ve become a symbol. I don’t want to be a symbol, responsible for something huge that I don’t understand, that I don’t want to work on, that keeps coming back to me. I’m not an entrepreneur. I’m not a CEO. I'm a nerdy computer programmer who likes to have opinions on Twitter.
And Notch isn't alone. In fact, Notch linked to this video explaining how fandom backlash and the gaming press had helped drive Phil Fish, developer of indie darling Fez, out of the industry. (Warning: Long and featuring explicit language.)
Others, too, have felt the need to escape when their work faces sudden scrutiny. Dong Nguyen, creator of viral mobile hit Flappy Bird, went so far as to remove his game from digital marketplaces after the flood of feedback became too much to bear.
Sometimes the gaming community's attention can extend far beyond concerns with the creative output of game developers. Zoe Quinn, creator of an online text adventure game which explores living with mental illness, recently became the focus of misogyny-tainted whirlwind known as " gamergate " over allegations involving her personal life.
But even when vast majority of feedback is positive, it can still be uncomfortable. Gabe Newell, or Gaben, as the founder of popular gaming company Valve is popularly known, is beloved by many gamers. There are subreddits devoted to him filled with fan art and even mods that enshrine his image in popular games. But he admits that the outpouring of devotion can sometimes be unsettling — telling The Post last year about how uncomfortable he was the first time fans wanted to hug him in public.
Gamers sometimes seem to feel that they have a level of ownership over the people who create the things they love, and in the process hold them to high, sometimes impossible, standards. By staking that claim, fans turn creators into a sort of conceptual symbol, taking away their agency to be self-defined individuals.
Some people online are unhappy that Notch has "sold out" with the acquisition of Mojang by Microsoft, arguing that it seems incongruent with his previous disdain for mainstream tech company buyouts of indie gaming start-ups — after all, he did say he was cancelling talks to port Minecraft to Oculus Rift after it was bought by Facebook. And as the majority shareholder, he assuredly has made a tidy sum from the sale.
But considering the gaming community's tendency to turn on the people whose talents they claim to prize, his assertion that the sale is about preserving his sanity certainly rings true.
Andrea Peterson covers technology policy for The Washington Post, with an emphasis on cybersecurity, consumer privacy, transparency, surveillance and open government.

Fox News  Benghazi and 13 Hours: A critical lookBy Erik Wemple September 16 Follow @ErikWemple
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton testifies on the Benghazi attack before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. (Linda Davidson / The Washington Post)
The United States has long known what happened to Tyrone Woods and Glen Doherty at the CIA annex in Benghazi, Libya, on the night of Sept. 11, 2012. These security operators and former Navy SEALs died in mortar attacks launched by Libyan militants as they fought from an annex rooftop to protect the facility and about two dozen U.S. personnel on site.
What happened just following their combat deaths wasn’t quite as well known. As detailed in the new book “ 13 Hours: The Inside Account of What Really Happened in Benghazi ,” Delta Force members grabbed their bodies. The book describes how security operator John “Tig” Tiegen dealt with the goings-on: “Tig watched as they climbed the ladder to the roof and lifted [Tyrone Woods's] body onto the parapet. Tig knew what would happen next, so he turned away to avoid seeing it. Afterward, Tig couldn’t shake the sickening sound of Rone’s body hitting the marble patio at the bottom of a fifteen-foot fall.”
The body of Glen Doherty sustained a similar free-fall: “After Rone [nickname for Tyrone Woods], the D-boys took the same approach with Glen. His body hit a bush on the way down, slicing open his abdomen. Disgusted and angry, Tig told himself that both men deserved better.”
Those falls — and their impact on the security operators — provided one of the many dramatic moments in the book and in an hourlong special with anchor Bret Baier that debuted on Fox News on Sept. 5, a broadcast that was based on “13 Hours.” In a comment to Baier, security operator Mark “Oz” Geist said, “The D-boys picked the bodies up and dumped them over the side of the roof. Maybe that’s not the right description but they got ‘em off the roof the most expedient manner.” As he explained the situation, Tig buried his head in his hands.
A great number of journalists and government instrumentalities have tilted at Benghazi. Congressional committees have done exhaustive research and investigations, a frenzy that continues with the first public hearing tomorrow of the House select committee on Benghazi ; David Kirkpatrick did a huge and controversial investigative project in the New York Times at the end of last year; Sharyl Attkisson turned CBSNews.com into her own Benghazi channel before leaving the network; Fox News dedicated 1,098 evening segments to Benghazi over 20 months following the attacks ; and on and on.
All of those efforts look fragmentary when placed side-by-side with “13 Hours,” a 300-page chronology written by Boston University journalism professor Mitchell Zuckoff and the five surviving members of the annex security contract team. They are Tiegen, Geist, Kris “Tanto” Paronto and two others who are pseudonymous in the book.
“13 Hours” actually understates the book’s approach; a better title might have been “780 Minutes,” or “46,800 Seconds,” such is the detail through which Zuckoff and his co-authors cycle on every page. Yes, there is biographical information on the contractors plus explanations of Benghazi history and other background information. But the book chronicles every little decision that went into this much-discussed series of battles. At times the detail is a bit too much, as when it gets into the movements of the various security contractors from building to building at the U.S. diplomatic compound following the attack. Yet there are payoffs to such a micro-narrative, as when Zuckoff tells of a building mix-up in the midst of the battle:
All the Americans were at the villa except Tig, who mistakenly believed that his colleagues were still destroying classified information at the [Tactical Operations Center, TOC]. They left without alerting him, so he spent about five minutes alone at the carport, providing solo security for an empty building.
“Where are you?” the Team Leader called to Tig over the radio.
“I’m over by the TOC,” Tig answered.
“We’re not over there anymore, man.”
“Oh. F—.”
Three on-the-record sources — indeed, authors — combined with painstaking detail and consistency with previous accounts of the attacks have endowed “13 Hours” with significant credibility in the Benghazi look-back oeuvre. And that credibility has landed on the open sore of Benghazi reporting known as “stand down.”
On Oct. 26, 2012, Fox News came out with a story saying that security operators at the CIA annex were twice told to “stand down” after distress calls came streaming in from the diplomatic compound, where U.S. Ambassador to Libya Christopher Stevens and others were staying. Following publication of the Fox News allegations, the CIA issued a rare public denial:
We can say with confidence that the Agency reacted quickly to aid our colleagues during that terrible evening in Benghazi. Moreover, no one at any level in the CIA told anybody not to help those in need; claims to the contrary are simply inaccurate. In fact, it is important to remember how many lives were saved by courageous Americans who put their own safety at risk that night — and that some of those selfless Americans gave their lives in the effort to rescue their comrades.
And boy, did the CIA’s denial ever gain traction in officialdom. A report of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence found , “The Committee explored claims that there was a ‘stand down’ order given to the security team at the Annex. Although some members of the security team expressed frustration that they were unable to respond more quickly to the Mission compound, the Committee found no evidence of intentional delay or obstruction by the Chief of Base or any other party.” A House Intelligence Committee report found that there was no “stand down” order . The State Department’s Accountability Review Board found that “The departure of the Annex team was not delayed by orders from superiors.”
“13 Hours” surrounds the record with doubt. The security operators express no equivocation that they were instructed by the CIA base chief to “stand down” more than once in the 20 to 30 minutes during which they awaited the command to proceed in defense of the diplomatic compound, located less than a mile away from the annex. An appeal from the diplomatic post got them moving: “If you guys do not get here, we’re going to die!” came the call. With that, the security operators say they bolted without the clearance of the CIA base chief, known only as “Bob” in “13 Hours.”
The security operators’ insistence that they were delayed during a crucial moment in the hostilities — both Stevens and State Department official Sean Smith perished at the diplomatic installation — has helped to rehabilitate Fox News’s much-battered reporting on the immediate aftermath of the attack. As Baier noted in a preview of his special , “For all this talk about ‘stand down,’ these guys say, definitively, it happened. They were ready to go to respond to these calls for help from the diplomatic facility. They were at the CIA annex. They were ready to go and almost 30 minutes later, they finally broke ranks and went on their own.”
There is, however, a thread of consistency between official accounts and “13 Hours”: Intelligence officials have conceded that “Bob” was seeking support from local militia members before sending the security operators into mayhem. So “Bob” wasn’t instructing them to “stand down” from providing help to under-attack Americans; he was just trying to piece together a bona fide military response. When asked by the Erik Wemple Blog to square the Fox News version of events with officialdom’s version of events, we received quite a bit of text from a senior U.S. intelligence official:
Put yourself in the Chief of Base’s shoes. What happens if you blindly send out a rescue operation — with no backup or support — into a situation where you don’t know how many militants and weapons your team will encounter? Could your rescuers all be ambushed and killed? Might they have to be rescued themselves? What happens if you then stretch your limited security resources too thin—will the Annex get overrun as well? These are factors the Chief of Base had to consider that night. The Chief of Base properly sought to obtain additional information, support and weaponry before sending his men into this situation. No one questions the bravery of the security personnel and their willingness to deploy into the fray. At the same time, it is unfair to second-guess the decisions of an officer responsible for not only organizing a rescue, but also ensuring more lives aren’t lost during the course of that terrible evening.
If the security officers had left immediately, without the Chief of Base trying to gather backup, and didn’t survive, the conversation today would be different. People would be asking why didn’t the Chief of Base secure backup.
It’s interesting how the lore and narrative of the ‘stand down’ order has evolved over time. Both the House and Senate intelligence committee reviews of Benghazi have determined that there was no ‘stand down’ order preventing officers on the ground from rendering aid. These reviews reaffirm the Chief of Base’s decision to try and obtain additional support for the rescue mission was the right call.
The officers on the ground in Benghazi responded to the situation at the Temporary Mission quickly and effectively. The security officers in particular were genuine heroes. Before these officers left to help their colleagues, a prudent, fast attempt was made to rally local support for the rescue effort and secure heavier weapons. When it became clear that this additional support could not be rapidly obtained, the team moved out and put their lives on the line to save their comrades. At every level in the chain of command, from the senior officers in Libya to the most senior officials in Washington, everyone was fully engaged in trying to provide whatever help they could. There was no second guessing those decisions being made on the ground, by people at every US organization that could play a role in assisting those in danger. There were no orders to anybody to stand down in providing support.
“13 Hours” adds a dynamite element of context to the efforts of “Bob” to orchestrate local backup for embattled Americans. It speaks of a previous incident in which Woods and another security operator encountered a checkpoint while riding back from the airport with a “truckload of supplies.” The checkpoint was manned by what the book calls “radical Islamist militia.” When Woods sought backup from the CIA annex, “Bob” responded by pledging to “alert the 17 February Martyrs Brigade and have the ostensibly friendly militia serve as a Quick Reaction Force.” In other words, calling in friendly militiamen was an MO of sorts for “Bob.”
In the hot, early days of the Benghazi controversy, various Fox News types attempted to suggest that the Obama administration had perhaps deliberately withheld support for the besieged Americans in Benghazi . Such viewpoints may have found succor in that Oct. 26, 2012, Fox News story, which alleges that it was the CIA “chain of command” that issued the orders. The key paragraph :
Fox News has learned from sources who were on the ground in Benghazi that an urgent request from the CIA annex for military back-up during the attack on the U.S. consulate and subsequent attack several hours later on the annex itself was denied by the CIA chain of command — who also told the CIA operators twice to “stand down” rather than help the ambassador’s team when shots were heard at approximately 9:40 p.m. in Benghazi on Sept. 11.
Bold text inserted to highlight a term that could easily be interpreted to mean that Washington was involved in when and how to deploy the likes of “Oz” and “Tanto” and “Tig” in battle. A senior U.S. intelligence official tells the Erik Wemple Blog, “It was a local decision.”
In a chat with this blog, Zuckoff said, “I have no reporting that contradicts that.” Nor does “13 Hours” attribute the delay to anyone outside of Benghazi.
That original Fox News story on Benghazi alleged more than just a “stand-down” situation. It also reported that the CIA annex had “captured three Libyan attackers and was forced to hand them over to the Libyans. U.S. officials do not know what happened to those three attackers and whether they were released by the Libyan forces.” A subsequent Fox News story reported that “other prisoners from additional countries in Africa and the Middle East were brought” to the CIA annex in Benghazi. Intelligence officials denied that claim . For all its granularity, “13 Hours” doesn’t mention detainees at the Annex. “The guys told me nothing about taking detainees,” says Zuckoff.
Whatever the ins and outs of Fox News’s work on Benghazi, it appealed on some level to the security operators, who gave their opening interview to Baier and the network. When asked why they chose Fox News, Brian McLendon, vice president and associate publisher for Grand Central Publishing and Twelve, told the Erik Wemple Blog, “Bret Baier’s reporting on this story from the beginning has been the most human. He has focused on the human element of this and just — honestly, their vision for [the special] matched with what the book was.”
Zuckoff and the security operators have expressed a desire to stay out of Benghazi politics and stick with on-the-ground facts. They succeed, both in the book and on the Fox News special. That said, the book’s revelations leave little doubt as to where the actual Benghazi scandal lies: In the utter inability of Washington to muster even the slightest figment of a defense force in Benghazi, Libya, on the anniversary of the Sept. 11 attacks, and despite numerous warnings about instability and hostility in the region. Months ago, ABC News’s Diane Sawyer chose just this aspect of Benghazi to put before Hillary Rodham Clinton in an extended interview segment. Readers of “13 Hours” will want to re-watch that tete-a-tete .
Benghazi has furnished a storm of outrages over two years, some of them real and some phony. “13 Hours” may only add to the list of real ones, as it details how our country relies on contract labor — yes, true heroes — to man the front lines in overseas hotspots, how our leaders left a diplomatic compound exposed and how a pair of fallen warriors were dropped off a roof.
Erik Wemple writes the Erik Wemple blog, where he reports and opines on media organizations of all sorts.

Epilogue: Growing up onlineBy Alyssa Rosenberg September 16 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
In Polygon today, Nicole Tompkins-Hughes has a very interesting piece on how to teach children to be good citizens of Internet communities and to help them understand how dangerous online bullying can be. Obviously, some of the lessons about how to act in the schoolyard, classroom and in friends’ homes apply here, but adding in anonymity and the difficulties of parental oversight certainly make the whole situation more complicated. For those of you who have children, I am curious: What have you taught them about how to behave online? And what messages have you found to be effective?
Kerry Washington arrives at the 66th Annual Primetime Emmy Awards. (Jordan Strauss/Associated Press)

Too much seed capitalThe trouble with too much seed capital
By Jonathan Moules
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b553957c-02c5-11e4-a68d-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

For start-ups  sometimes less can be more when it comes to raising financeThe trouble with too much seed capital
By Jonathan Moules
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b553957c-02c5-11e4-a68d-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Strategies to help an English intern at a German company who finds that she has been sidelinedSeptember 16, 2014 7:42 pm
Stalled internship
By Lucy Kellaway
An English intern at a German company finds that she is sidelined
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e838afc6-3d9a-11e4-8797-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hafiz Saeed uses floods to turn opinion against IndiaHafiz Saeed uses floods to turn opinion against India
Reuters
Multan, Pakistan, September 17, 2014
First Published: 08:23 IST(17/9/2014)
print
Hafiz Saeed, widely considered one of South Asia's most dangerous militants, has no doubt who is to blame for devastating floods that have submerged swathes of Pakistani countryside and claimed hundreds of lives.
"India irrigates its deserts and dumps extra water on Pakistan without any warning," Saeed told Reuters, as he surveyed a vast expanse of muddy water from a rescue boat just outside the central city of Multan.
"If we don't stop India now, Pakistan will continue to face this danger."
Saeed is suspected of helping mastermind the 2008 Mumbai massacre which killed 166 people, a few of them Americans. He also has a $10 million US bounty on his head but denies involvement.
But his presence in the flood-hit area is part of a push by Pakistani Islamists, militants and organisations linked to them to fill the vacuum left by struggling local authorities and turn people against a neighbour long viewed with deep mistrust.
Water is an emotive issue in Pakistan, whose rapidly rising population depends on snow-fed Himalayan rivers for everything from drinking water to agriculture.
Many Pakistanis believe that rival India uses its upstream dams to manipulate how much water flows down to Pakistani wheat and cotton fields, with some describing it as a "water bomb" designed to weaken its neighbour.
There is no evidence to prove that, and India has long dismissed such accusations as nonsense. Experts say this month's floods, which also hit India's part of the disputed Kashmir region, were caused by the sheer volume of rainfall.
In fact, some Pakistanis accuse their own government of failing to invest in dams and other infrastructure needed to regulate water levels through wet and dry seasons.
But others agree with the narrative pushed by Saeed and Syed Salahuddin, head of the militant anti-Indian Hizbul Mujahideen group and also one of India's most wanted men.
"India wants to turn Pakistan into an arid desert," Salahuddin told Reuters in a telephone interview, describing another scenario feared by some Pakistanis - that India will cut off supplies of water in times of shortage.
"If this continues, a new Jihad will begin. Our fighters and all of Pakistan's fighters are ready to avenge Indian brutality in whatever form."
Charity brings food, ideology
Saeed's charity, Jamaat-ud-Dawa (JuD), has sent hundreds of workers to areas of Pakistan worst affected by the floods, where they distribute food and medicine at the same time as spreading the organisation's hardline ideology against India.
JuD is believed by many experts to be a front for Lashkar-e-Taiba, the militant group which India says carried out the Mumbai attack. Saeed was a co-founder of Lashkar-e-Taiba, but he has played down his links to the group in recent years.
"This is a premeditated plan by India to make Pakistan suffer," Abdur Rauf, who has worked as a JuD volunteer for 16 years, told Reuters, as he prepared to distribute medicine and syringes at a relief camp near Multan.
"Don't be fooled. This water bomb is no different from the atom bomb. It's worse."
Officials in India's water resources ministry this week declined to respond to charges of "water terrorism", saying they were being stoked by militants, not the Pakistani government.
Much of the Indian-held side of Kashmir has also been hit by flooding, the worst in that region for more than a century, and officials have put the death toll there at more than 200.
However, in a country rife with conspiracy theories, large numbers of Pakistanis buy into the idea of sabotage.
"This is not a mistake: this is a deliberate act to destroy Pakistan and make its people suffer," said Syed Ali, a farmer, as he looked forlornly at the murky waters covering his village of Sher Shah in central Pakistan.
Disagreement over how to share the waters of the Indus river, which flows from India into Pakistan, has dogged the nuclear-armed rivals since independence in 1947.
The neighbours have fought two of their three wars over the disputed Himalayan territory of Kashmir and observers are worried that the next conflict could be over water.
Claims are 'downright absurd'
The lives of more than two million people were affected by this month's floods in Pakistan, and more than 300 were killed.
Some are critical of their own government, saying the mass devastation caused by the latest floods was a result of Pakistan's own inefficiencies.
"Some people will say India released the waters," Yousaf Raza Gillani, a former Pakistani prime minister, told Reuters.
"But my question is: even if there was a timely warning from India that this was about to happen, would we have heeded it? Would this government have taken the right steps? I doubt it."
Husain Haqqani, a former Pakistan ambassador to the United States and now a director at the Hudson Institute in Washington DC, said that water issues are being exploited to keep relations between the two countries tense.
"The Pakistani militants' claims about floods in Pakistan being the result of India releasing torrents of water are downright absurd," he said.
"It is part of propaganda rooted in the belief that Pakistanis must be made to see India as their permanent enemy. Blaming India also covers up for Pakistan's own failure in water management."
Climate change
Disputes over water-sharing are a global phenomenon, stoked by rapidly growing populations and increasingly unpredictable climate patterns.
In South Asia, home to a fifth of humanity, the problem is particularly acute.
"Regional flooding in South Asia is certainly linked to climate change effects. In recent years there has been major glacial recession on Pakistani mountains, and monsoon rains have been unusually and even unprecedentedly intense," said Michael Kugelman at the Woodrow Wilson International Center.
"At the same time, I'd argue that ... human-made actions are making things even worse. Deforestation in Pakistan, for example, has caused floodwaters to rage even more," he said.
The region's three major rivers - the Indus, the Ganges and the Brahmaputra - sustain both countries' breadbasket states and many of their major cities, including New Delhi and Islamabad.
In Pakistan, agriculture contributes to about a quarter of its gross domestic product, and the country still relies on a network of irrigation canals built by the British.
Hoping to resolve the issue once and for all, the two countries signed the Indus Water Treaty in 1960, but India's ambitious irrigation plans and construction of thousands of upstream dams continued to irk Pakistan.
India says its use of upstream water is strictly in line with the 1960 agreement.
According to a 2012 Indian government report, the country operates 4,846 dams in the region - a huge number compared with just a few dozen on the Pakistani side of the disputed border.
"We can't blame India for our own mistakes," said Malik Abdul Ghaffar Dogar, the ruling party lawmaker from Multan.
"We turn every dam project into a political deadlock and a stick to beat our political opponents with, but the truth is this country needs dams and it's just not building any."

Adobe Revenue Forecast Misses  Shares SlipYou are here: Home Corporates
Adobe Revenue Forecast Misses, Shares Slip
Reuters | Updated On: September 17, 2014 09:50 (IST)
Photoshop maker Adobe Systems Inc's forecast disappointing revenue for this quarter and reported lower quarterly sales at its digital media business, which includes the Creative Cloud software suite.
Adobe shares fell nearly 5 per cent in extended trading.
The company said it expected adjusted profit of 26-32 cents per share on revenue of $1.03 billion-$1.08 billion for the quarter ending November.
Analysts on average were expecting an adjusted profit of 31 share on revenue of $1.09 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
"I think the market has come to expect perfection from this company and today was not perfect," Edward Jones technology analyst Josh Olson told Reuters.
Revenue from Adobe's digital media business, which includes the Creative Cloud and document services, fell about 2.4 per cent to $621.4 million in the third quarter ended August 29.
Adobe has been switching to web-based subscription for its Creative Suite 6 from traditional box licenses to attract more predictable recurring revenue.
Online subscriptions let customers access the latest versions of a host of software for a monthly payment.
The number of paid subscribers for Creative Cloud - including Photoshop, Illustrator and InDesign software - rose by 502,000 to 2.81 million.
"We have been accustomed to 35 per cent positive surprises in terms of the subscription gains and this was really in line with expectations," Olson said.
He added that Adobe had achieved a lot of the "low-hanging fruit" in shifting its existing customer base to the cloud, but the challenge now was to convince the more "resistant" customers, such as small businesses and individuals.
Revenue from Adobe's digital marketing business, which offers marketing campaign management and analytics tools, increased 8 percent to $336.6 million.
Total revenue rose 1 per cent to $1.01 billion, while analysts had expected $1.02 billion.
Net income fell to $44.7 million, or 9 cents per share, from $83 million, or 16 cents per share, a year earlier.
Excluding items, Adobe earned 28 cents per share.
Adobe shares gained 18 per cent this year up to Tuesday's close of $70.73 on the Nasdaq.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Twenty20: Game for the throneMahendra Singh Dhoni-led Chennai Super Kings will take on KKR in the CLT20 opener on Wednesday (Source: BCCI)
Written by Shamik Chakrabarty | Posted: September 17, 2014 1:28 am | Updated: September 17, 2014 2:55 pm
From Australia to South Africa to the West Indies, they come from across the seas, hoping to carry the wind in their sails, as they take on India’s best in the battle to be crowned T20 champions . Shamik Chakrabarty analyses the teams that will be in action in the main round which starts Wednesday.  
Chennai Super Kings
After a semi-final exit, something which most CSK fans would like to forget in express fashion, during the IPL, MS Dhoni will lead the Super Kings looking to add another Champions League trophy to the packed CSK trophy cabinet. The skipper hailed the return of West Indies all-rounder Dwayne Bravo, saying that he brought much-needed balance and variety to the side.
Kings XI Punjab
The runners-up in IPL-7, KXIP have an embarrassment of riches when it comes to picking their playing XI. South African pacer Beuran Hendricks, is the only absentee. Having broken the commentary box window in Zimbabwe while batting, Mitchell Johnson will be keen to transfer that momentum when he aims for the opponents’ stumps as he readies to spearhead his side’s attack.
Cape Cobras
The Cobras come packed to the seams with international players, past and present. The squad has 11 current and former Proteas with some serious names like Hashim Amla, JP Duminy, Robin Peterson and Vernon Philander among others. However, it is the return of Charl Langeveldt from retirement which has spiced up proceedings for the Cobras. The South African domestic T20 runners-up picked Langeveldt out of retirement to beef up their bowling attack after Dale Steyn and Beuran Hendricks were unable to make the trip to India.
Dolphins
The South African Ram Slam T20 champions seem perhaps the most unglamorous side in this edition with their lack of international superstars. Captained by Morne van Wyk, a one-time wicket-keeper for the Proteas, the franchise is coached by none other than Lance ‘Zulu’ Klusener. The 43-year-old Klusener was perhaps unlucky that he called time on his blistering career before the T20 boom. However, with a T20 strike-rate of 136.10, the Dolphins can always pull a Cobras on their opponents and plonk Zulu in the middle.
Barbados Tridents
With T20 destroyers Kieron Pollard and Dwayne Smith opting to play for their respective IPL franchises, the Tridents do not come into the CLT20 with the strongest of squads. Another surprise is their choice of captain, Rayad Emrit, a 33-year-old medium-pacer who played a couple of ODIs for West Indies in 2007. Though the Tridents have the experienced Ravi Rampaul along with a current national skipper in the form of Zimbabwe’s Elton Chigumbura, the Tridents have preferred the relatively modest Emrit to don the armband.
Hobart Hurricanes
George Bailey, the regular captain of the Big Bash runners-up will be kitting up for KXIP, with Tim Paine, once Australia’s brightest successor to Adam Gilchrist skippering the side. The Hurricanes will be depending on Ben Dunk, who set the Big Bash alight last year with 395 runs in just 10 matches. Shoaib Malik, the Pakistan all-rounder is in ominous touch too, having helped Barbados Tridents to the Caribbean Premier League title and just last week smacking a hapless bowler from Hong Kong for five consecutive sixes in a warm-up game for the Hurricanes. The Tasmanian side have a fast-bowling attack to be reckoned with, both Ben Hilfenhaus and Doug Bollinger, stars for CSK in their IPL winning seasons, travelling with the team to India.
Perth Scorchers
Another franchise which will be playing without their regular captain. Scorchers’ captain Simon Katich has retired since their 2014 Big Bash triumph with Adam Voges the skipper now. Scorchers have within their ranks Yasir Arafat, a true T20 mercenary. The 32 year-old has played for 11 teams spread over England, Pakistan, Australia, New Zealand, Bangladesh and South Africa. Arafat has also represented Scotland. Scorchers will also have the oldest player in the tournament turning out for them in the form of Brad Hogg, who at 43 is still tying batsmen in knots with his slow left arm chinaman.
Kolkata Knight Riders
The two-time IPL champions have never won the CLT20 but look like putting up a strong challenge with their current squad. KKR will be missing Shakib Al Hasan , who has not been granted an NOC by the Bangladesh Cricket Board. Robin Uthappa, who scored 660 runs in 16 IPL 2014 games will be looking to assert himself once again. India’s opening combination is not settled and with the World Cup just six months away, another whirlwind tournament and Uthappa might find himself on the plane bound for Australia-New Zealand.

Narendra Modi birthday today; meets mother  seeks blessingsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

IT stocks gain favour among mutual funds in AugustMFs' exposure to software stocks hits all-time high in August
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 17, 2014  | 14:25 IST
The mutual fund industry is betting big on software companies as its equity exposure to the sector climbed to an all-time high of Rs 29,688 crore at the end of August.
This also marks the third consecutive rise in mutual fund (MF) industry's exposure to software stocks.
Mutual fund is an investment vehicle that is made up of a pool of funds collected from many investors for the purpose of investing in securities such as stocks, bonds, money market instruments and similar assets.
The funds' investment in software stocks stood at Rs 29,688 crore as on August 31, 2014, accounting for 10.53 per cent of their total equity assets under management (AUMs) of Rs 2.81 lakh crore, according to data with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi).
In comparison, MFs had deployed Rs 27,596 crore in the shares of software companies in July.
At current levels, the MF industry has the highest exposure to software sector since August 2009. Data is not available for sector-wise exposure before August 2009, when the equity funds had deployed Rs 11,913 crore (6.71 per cent) in software shares.
The previous high was in February this year when investment in the sector rose to Rs 28,784 crore.
According to market participants, MFs have been showing interest in software stocks since the beginning of the year amid rising equity market.
They believe that the ongoing market rally might see mutual fund assets getting diversified.
Meanwhile, the IT index surged by 3.52 per cent, while the benchmark Sensex witnessed a gain of 2.86 per cent in August.
This year has seen a consistent growth in investment in software stocks by equity fund managers and fund infusion has grown from Rs 27,772 crore in January to Rs 29,688 crore in August.
Besides, mutual fund managers raised their exposure in bank stocks to an all-time high of over Rs 56,600 crore in August this year, which is the highest among all the sectors.
Among others, MFs have an exposure of Rs 19,394 crore in pharma space, followed by auto (Rs 17,754 crore) and finance (Rs 15,116 crore).

Sebi Plans Annual Information Memorandum for Listed CompaniesYou are here: Home Market Others
Sebi Plans Annual Information Memorandum for Listed Companies
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 17, 2014 14:45 (IST)
MCX to Offer 1.72 Lakh Stock Options to Employees
New Delhi: To ensure greater transparency and easier regulatory oversight, Sebi plans to make it mandatory for listed companies to publish annual information memorandum on all the details about their businesses and statutory disclosures.
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) has started work with regard to annual information memorandum for listed companies and it is going to be mandatory, chairman U K Sinha today said.
Noting that such an exercise would help in a variety of ways, Mr Sinha said, "One is that you will not be visited by undue litigations from the regulators".
"Secondly, if you are going to raise some funds, either debt or equity, you don't have to update this information again and again. That is another idea why we are doing this," he said.
The idea is that let this information rest in the system and if there are minor changes or adjustments to be made to the specific issue then that can be done, the Sebi chief said.
He was speaking at a conference organised by industry body CII.
On whether this memorandum requirement is going to be introduced through guidelines or by amending the corporate governance norms, Mr Sinha said it would be both.
"It (memorandum) will be a far reaching thing because today a corporation which has filed everything as per Sebi requirement can still be hauled up, that is a lacuna in our system," he said.
According to him, if an entity has filed some information under the takeover regulations as well as part of disclosure requirements, both are taken separately.
"So for an analyst, a shareholder, a stakeholder it becomes a problem and it also becomes a problem for corporations that are willing to comply," he added.
The capital market watchdog already has stringent corporate governance norms for listed entities, as part of efforts to ensure more transparency
Story first published on: September 17, 2014 14:42 (IST)

Emirates says no plans to invest in any Indian airlineEmirates says no plans to invest in any Indian airline
IANS | New Delhi Sep 17, 2014 03:12 PM IST
Dubai-based Emirates Airlines today said that it will not invest in any Indian airline but will instead grow its operations organically in India.
 
"We at Emirates believe in growing our business organically," Essa Sulaiman Ahmad, vice president, India and Nepal for Emirates said, adding that there are no plans to invest in any of the Indian carriers.
 
Currently, the Dubai-based airline flies to 10 Indian destinations with a frequency of 185 flights per week.
 
Last year, Abu Dhabi-based Etihad Airways invested in Jet Airways by buying out a 24% stake for Rs 2,069 crore ($380 million).
 
After the transaction Etihad has been expanding its operations in India and giving tough competition to other airlines with its partner Jet Airways. Both the airlines are doling out offers to attract flyers.
 
Apart from Jet Airways, Air India too has joined the global interline network of Star Allinace to provide more destinations and seamless travel connectivity to its passengers.
 
Interestingly, according to Airport Authority of India (AAI) data Emirates market share stands at the third position as the largest outbound airline at 10.8%. It is preceded by Jet at second place and Air India as the largest carrier of Indians abroad.

Poll: Playoffs more likely with CousinsBy Keith McMillan September 17
We had this discussion in the below clip from Post Sports Live , but I figured it couldn’t hurt to open up the question to you too.
The Post Sports Live crew debates if the Redskins are more likely to make the playoffs with back-up quarterback Kirk Cousins running Jay Gruden's West Coast offense. (Post Sports Live/The Washington Post)
Robert Griffin III may have the higher ceiling, but some people believe Kirk Cousins is currently a more polished passer. Could it actually be possible that Washington lost its franchise quarterback, and it’s playoff chances got better? You tell us.
Have a Redskins question? Send an e-mail to mike.jones@washpost.com with the subject line “Mailbag question,” and it might be answered on Tuesday in  The Mailbag .
More from The Post:

UN says Brazil is now rich enough to feed itselfBrazil is now a food exporter.(Reuters/ Nacho Doce)
SHARE
Daniel A. Medina @dmedin11
September 17, 2014
Brazil reached a milestone on Tuesday in its long transformation into a global economic power: The United Nations finally removed the country from its World Hunger Map.
“Leaving the Hunger Map is a historic milestone for Brazil. We are very proud because overcoming hunger was a priority for the Brazilian state,” social development minister Tereza Campello said in a statement  (Portuguese).
According to the “State of Food Insecurity in the World” report , the number of undernourished Brazilians has fallen from 10.7% of the population in 2003 to less than 5% in 2014. The report attributed the success to a number of factors, most noticeably the country’s Zero Hunger Program, instituted by former President Lula da Silva in 2003. The program, the report noted, “placed food security and nutrition and social inclusion at the centre of the government’s agenda.”
Poverty, the FAO’s major indicator of a country’s progress toward meeting its nourishment goals, has fallen significantly in Brazil over the last decade, from 24.3% to 8.4% of the population. Extreme poverty dropped from 14% to 3.5% in that same time period. However, Brazil’s economic growth has slowed in recent years, from 7.5% in 2010 to an expected 1.5% in 2014.
Share this:

Regulatory uncertainty may delay RPower-Jaypee dealRegulatory uncertainty may delay Reliance Power-Jaypee deal
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 17, 2014  | 16:58 IST
Photo: Reuters
The proposed sale of Jaypee group's hydel assets to Reliance Power in an estimated Rs 12,000-crore deal may get delayed due to regulatory uncertainties over tariff issues related to 1,000 MW Karcham Wangtoo hydro project - one of the three projects being sold.
In one of the biggest deals in the power space, Anil Ambani Group firm Reliance Power in July had announced that it had signed an initial agreement to acquire all the three hydroelectric power plants of Jaiprakash Associates. The deal would be worth about Rs 12,000 crore.
Sources said that Jaiprakash Power Ventures (JPVL) has withdrawn its application before CERC pertaining to interim tariff for electricity generated from Karcham Wangtoo hydro project and this could delay the deal.
When contacted, a Reliance Power declined to comment, while there was no response to queries sent to Jaypee group.
JPVL, which is a part of Jaypee Group , is expected to file a new application for final tariff before the Central Electricity Regulatory Commission (CERC).
This project is part of the proposed deal with Reliance Power.
Sources said that regulatory uncertainty over the Karcham Wangtoo project, pertaining to tariff charged for electricity produced from the plant, could delay the deal since major chunk of the transaction pertains to debt.
The Rs 12,000-crore deal includes Rs 9,500 crore in debt and Rs 2,500 in equity.
According to sources, the tariff uncertainty could adversely impact Jaypee Group's financials and debt reduction plans.

EPFO not considering any proposal to invest in stock marketsEPFO not considering any proposal to invest in stock markets
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 17:  
Retirement fund manager EPFO today said that it is not considering any proposal to invest a part of its huge corpus of around Rs 6 lakh crore in stock markets.
“We are not considering any proposal to invest in stock markets or equity at present,” Employees’ Provident Fund Organisation’s (EPFO) Central Provident Fund Commissioner KK Jalan told PTI.
He said this in response to media reports that EPFO has no alternative but to change its investment norms to invest in equity markets.
Jalan said, “During the recent meeting of the EPFO’s trustees, proposed pattern of investment by Finance Ministry was discussed and the Board was not in favour of investing in equities and Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs).”
However, the EPFO’s apex decision making body, the Central Board of Trustees headed by the Labour Minister, had decided to recommend making the pattern more flexible to further increase the percentage of investment in government securities.
The Finance Ministry has been pitching for EPFO funds to be invested in the equity markets to maximise their yields.
However, following strong opposition from unions in view of the volatile nature of stocks, EPFO did not opt for equity investment.
The Finance Ministry had allowed the EPFO to invest up to 5 per cent of its funds in equity in 2005 and enhanced the limit to 15 per cent in 2008.
A recent notification by the Labour Ministry allows the EPFO to invest up to 5 per cent of its funds in money market instruments, including units of mutual funds and equity-linked schemes regulated by the Securities and Exchange Board of India.
The EPFO has more than 5 crore subscribers across the country. It provided interest of 8.75 per cent on PF deposits in 2013—14. The EPFO trustees have recently decided to pay interest of 8.75 per cent in this financial year.
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

India  China sign 3 pacts within hours of Chinese President XisarrivalPrint
Prime Minister Narendra Modi with the Chinese President, Xi Jinping and First Lady Peng Liyuan having a look of a Bodhisattva idol displayed at an exhibition in Ahmedabad. (Source: PTI)
Written by Avinash Nair , Lakshmi Ajay | Ahmedabad | Posted: September 17, 2014 5:33 pm | Updated: September 18, 2014 7:04 am
China signed a landmark agreement with the government of Gujarat, which is expected to facilitate investments worth thousands of crores in the form of industrial parks, as Chinese President Xi Jinping kicked off his three-day state visit to India on Wednesday.
Xi, the first Chinese leader to visit Gujarat, was given a warm welcome after the Air China special aircraft carrying him and his wife Peng Liyuan landed at the airport. Giant billboards in Mandarin, Gujarati and English had been put up at several places to welcome the Chinese leader.
ALSO READ:  Modi gifts copy of Gita in Chinese to Xi at Sabarmati Ashram
The visit of Xi, who is accompanied by a delegation of senior officials, is aimed at ramping up trade and investments, besides having discussions on issues like the contentious border dispute.
The Chinese leader and his wife were welcomed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the entrance of the Hyatt Hotel.
ALSO READ:  Sino-Indian ties can’t be duplicated: State media
Soon after, the two sides got down to business as a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) was signed between the China Development Bank (CDB) and the Industrial Extension Bureau — popular as iNDEXTb (the Gujarat government unit in charge of accelerating industrial development in the state) — in the presence of Modi and Xi.
According to the MoU, which has a validity of three years, the CDB will guide and introduce Chinese enterprises to set up industrial parks in Gujarat. This role will be similar to that of JETRO, which has been facilitating Japanese investments in Gujarat. CDB will also provide financial support for the industrial parks, the first of which will come up in Vadodara.
However, the state government officials were silent on the amount of investments the MoU will bring to Gujarat. “The agreement is a new beginning as far as relations between China and India and that of between China and Gujarat is concerned,” said D J Pandian, Additional Chief Secretary, Industries and Mines.
The industries in the industrial parks will be in electrical, electronics, plastic processing and other sectors. “The Chinese are just starting. They cannot be compared with the Japanese. So far they have invested about Rs 700 crore in Gujarat,” Pandian told reporters after the MoU signing ceremony, where two “facilitation agreements” were also signed.
The agreements were for establishing sister province-state relations between Guangdong and Gujarat and between Guangzhou City (capital of Guangdong) and Ahmedabad.
Gujarat currently has more than 50 Japanese companies who have either invested or pledged investments in the state. This includes four mid-scale Japanese firms, which have parked about Rs 500 crore in Gujarat’s first Japanese industrial park.
At present, Gujarat already has a significant presence of Chinese with close to Rs 9,000 crore of promised investments, most of which came when Modi was the chief minister, sources in the state government said. Among the biggest Chinese investments promised is that of Chinese firm TBEA Energy (India) Pvt Ltd, which is developing a Green Energy Park at Karjan near Vadodara with an investment of about Rs 2,500 crore. Also, China Steel Corporation is setting up an Electrical Steel Plant at Dahej GIDC Estate at a cost of Rs 6,000 crore.
 
Figures from the Reserve Bank of India show that between April 2000 and February 2014, China Steel Corporation India Pvt Ltd parked Rs 441 crore for manufacturing iron and steel in the state.
 
Sources said Wednesday’s pact between the two sides will help facilitate and ensure smooth path for the investments. Later, Modi accompanied Xi to the Sabarmati Ashram and explained its historical significance to the Chinese leader. They later took a walk down the Sabarmati riverfront, where the visiting dignitaries were treated to a mix of Gujarati tradition and culture through dances like Garba.
 

Shun pills  try sex to get relief frommigraineDuring the migraine or cluster headache attack, majority of patients avoid sexual activity. (Source: Thinkstock Images)
Indo-Asian News Service | London | Posted: September 17, 2014 5:33 pm
Got a throbbing or pulsing sensation in one area of the head? Forget pills and go between the sheets to relieve migraine symptoms.
In a recent survey by German researchers, 60 percent of those with migraines and 37 percent of those with cluster headaches admitted that sex helped reduce the intensity of their symptoms.
One in five patients was left without any pain at all, said the survey that included 800 migraine patients and 200 patients with intensely painful cluster headaches.
During the migraine or cluster headache attack, majority of patients avoid sexual activity.
“Our findings suggest that sex can actually lead to partial or complete relief of headache in some migraine and a few cluster headache patients,” said a team of researchers from the University of Munster in Germany.
During the sex, hormones called endorphins are released which act as natural painkillers to reduce pain instantly.
The study appeared published in the journal Cephalalgia.

J-K govt should treat each affected family equally: BJPA woman and her son inspecting their damaged house caused by the devastating floods at village of district Budgam of central Kashmir. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | Jammu | Posted: September 17, 2014 5:30 pm | Updated: September 17, 2014 6:35 pm
Jammu and Kashmir BJP on Wednesday asked the state government to direct its agencies not to work selectively and treat each family, affected by floods, equally in distribution of relief material and rehabilitation efforts.
“We stress on the state government to direct its field agencies to not work selectively to please leaders of National Conference and Congress but treat each affected family equally in matters of distribution of relief material and rehabilitation efforts,” said Jugal Kishore Sharma, BJP State President and MP, after meeting a group of public activists from Akhnoor belt.
To brief Sharma about the sufferings and the losses of the people in Akhnoor and elsewhere, a group of prominent public activists from Sangrampur, Chanjwa, Bakore, Garhi, Setreyal, Muthi Mera, Devipur, Samah nallah, Bomal, Kot Garhi, called on him at the party headquarters.
They narrated their ordeal and told him that they were badly hit by the floods as they were residing adjacent and near the banks of river Chenab, and have lost everything and now have no means of sustenance.
They also demanded that their losses should be assessed at the earliest and in the mean time adequate relief should be provided.
Giving a patient hearing to them, Sharma said the party was fully seized of their suffering and plight due to the flood related destruction, not only of their areas but of all the different parts of Jammu and Kashmir and he being elected MP from Jammu-Poonch Parliamentary constituency is more concerned for the people and the areas of his constituency.
He said it was matter of satisfaction that since day one the Union government came into action and took lead in reaching the affected areas and pressing all the means.
The immediate visit of Prime Minister and other Union Ministers besides high level teams of different central agencies to the state were the testimony of the fact that while the Omar Abdullah-led government was in deep slumber and nowhere on the scene for days together the Union government swung into action without any loss of time and delay, he said.
The BJP President said the party does not want to take credit or indulge in blame game on negligence but at this juncture it is our sincere effort to adopt a human approach and do whatever is possible to reach maximum people in all the affected areas and provide them succor. He said the exact losses should be assessed at the earliest and in the meanwhile the government needs to gear up its agencies and engage them on war footing in relief operations utilizing all the available infrastructure and the machinery.

Ahmedabad  Kochi among emerging IT-BPM hotspotsAhmedabad
(The 'leader' locations,…)
MUMBAI: As a growing number of outsourcing companies are looking at tier II and III cities for expansion, Ahmedabad, Jaipur, Kochi and Kolkata figure among the most favoured destinations by IT-BPM players.
According to a report on the emerging delivery locations in India by IT-ITeS industry body Nasscom and global property consultant Cushman & Wakefield (C&W), these cities are offering better opportunities in terms of business environment, talent, infrastructure and cost differential.
"Ahmedabad, Jaipur, Kochi and Kolkata have significantly improved their value proposition for IT-BPM services delivery over last five years and emerged as front runners next only to Tier I cities or 'Leader' locations which continue to be the preferred choices for IT-BPM industry," Nasscom said in a statement quoting the report.
The 'leader' locations, however have also seen, a shift towards expansion into peripheral locations as emerging alternate delivery locations, it added.
Front runner cities are followed by Bhubaneswar, Coimbatore, Trivandrum and Visakhapatnam as the second choices while Chandigarh and Indore are promising locations, the report said.
The report said Ahmedabad showcases strong infrastructure with good air connectivity, significant growth in IT Grade A office stock, upcoming metro rail project and location advantage of being on the Delhi-Mumbai corridor.
On the other hand, Jaipur offers a wide talent pool with headcount and number of IT-BPM units doubling in last five years along with good air connectivity and under-construction metro rail.
Kochi presents a distinct cost differential with operational cost savings up to 25 per cent along with enabling IT infrastructure like presence of submarine communication cables ensuring high speed internet connectivity with export revenues tripling in last five years.
Kolkata excels in business performance with employee headcount and number of engineering students doubling in the last five years.
Explaining the rational behind the changing preference for locations, the report added over the last couple of years, the transformations in delivery models have altered location strategy of IT-BPM organisations.
There is an increased focus on non-linear growth, serving new customer segments, verticals and geographic markets, attracting domain knowledge and emergence of digital technologies has led to shifts in global delivery models, it said.
"With changing client needs and the growth in broadband penetration, the latest trend that we are witnessing is that more and more companies are entering tier II & III towns," Nasscom President R Chandrasekaran said.
NASSCOM and the industry will work with the government to improve infrastructure in these cities and support ministries to achieve the dream of an inclusive Digital India, he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Everest is about a girls ambition: AshutoshGowarikerPress Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: September 17, 2014 6:11 pm
‘Lagaan’ filmmaker Ashutosh Gowariker is venturing into television with upcoming show ‘Everest’, which is about a daughter’s determination to gain her father’s acceptance by climbing the highest mountain peak.
The director said his love for the medium lured him to sit on the producer’s chair and write the show. The Star Plus show has been co-directed by Glenn Baretto and Ankush Mohla.
“The main story is to climb the Everest. The different camps at various levels, the first frostbite, the high blood pressure and also the entry to the death zone,” Gowariker said in a group interview.
“We take it for granted that a male will conquer Everest. But through this show I am exploring the girl child issue, equal rights and how determination can help,” he said.
The director said being used to writing his movies, he found it hard to pen a story for television.
“As a film director I have spoiled myself. I wrote the story of ‘Everest’ and while finishing that I realised that I wanted to produce the show and I needed experts who could direct it.
Normally on television when you write a show, you write for a few episodes and then you wait for the audience’s reaction. Based on the reaction, you make changes and write the rest of the show. But for ‘Everest’ I had to write the entire show at one go,” he said.
The cast of the show is comparatively new apart from two big names Milind Gunanji and Rajat Kapoor. Gowariker said the main criteria for the actors to be a part of the show was their fitness regime.
“The first thing which I looked into was the age of the actors and their physical fitness. All of them had to go through an altitude test. Because physically you might be fit but mentally you may not be that strong in that higher altitude,” he said.
The shooting of the show took place in Nepal, Uttarakhand, Pokhran and Jaipur. It talks about the ambitions of climbing the Everest from a female perspective.
When asked about his favourite shows on Indian TV, Gowariker said he was a huge admirer of ‘Bigg Boss’.
“I love to watch television shows and don’t have any problem with the Saas-Bahu genre. But my favourite show is ‘Bigg Boss’. No one can take away the remote from my hand when it is on. What I like about the show is the changing personalities of the contestants every night. That creates a characterisation tool,” he said.

Vatsal Seths onscreen aunt was once his mathsteacher!Vatsal Seth plays a bad boy in Star Plus' "Ek Hasina Thi".
Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai | Posted: September 17, 2014 6:00 pm
Vatsal Seth was left surprised on the set of “Ek Hasina Thi” when he came face to face with his school teacher Jyoti Gauba, who plays his aunt in the show.
The show’s team was informed that a new character will be introduced to play Vatsal’s ‘chachi’, but they had no clue which actress it would be.
Jyoti used to teach Vatsal mathematics in school, and is said to have been his sweetest teacher at the Utpal Shanghvi School here, a statement said.
When she entered the set, it took Vatsal some time to recognise her. But once he did, he went ahead excitedly to meet her, the source said, and added: “They chatted for a good time before resuming the shoot.”
Jyoti shared that she always adored Vatsal as he was among the more intelligent students and in fact, she was surprised to see him play a bad boy in Star Plus’ “Ek Hasina Thi”.

Main witness in Badaun case fails lie detector test:CBIBadaun: In the first twist, forensic evidence based on DNA tests conducted by the agency ruled out any sexual assault on the two teenageres.
PTI | New Delhi | Posted: September 17, 2014 5:56 pm | Updated: September 17, 2014 9:44 pm
Adding a new twist to the   Badaun alleged gangrape case   the CBI said on Wednesday that the prime witness — an associate of the families of the two cousins who were killed and “like an uncle” to them — had failed the lie detector test. This comes a month after the fathers of the two girls also failed the polygraph test.
“The lie detector report of the main witness (Nazru) has been received. The report indicated certain alleged inconsistencies in his statements,” said a CBI spokesperson.
It was on the basis of Nazru’s statement that the police registered a case and arrested five persons — three brothers and two constables. It was alleged that the two girls had been raped and murdered.
Nazru alias Babu Ram told investigators that on the evening of May 27, when he went to his fields on the outskirts of the village, he saw the youngest of the three accused brothers dragging the two girls. He claimed he could not identify three other people in the group. He said when he tried to rescue the girls, the accused overpowered him and threatened to shoot him.
CBI officials also said on Wednesday that a mobile phone was recovered from Nazru, although he had earlier denied its existence. “His mobile phone… has been recovered by the CBI. It has been sent for experts’ examination,” said the CBI spokesperson. Officials said the phone would be examined to check his call record before the incident and also to analyse if any data has been deleted.
CBI   sources said while the polygraph or lie detector test found that Nazru did go to the spot and saw the girls with the youngest accused brother, there were several inconsistencies on “key questions” about his version of events that transpired thereafter.
In his statement, Nazru claimed that he ran back to the village and alerted the girls’ families, after which they launched a search for the cousins. However, the accused, who were released on bail in the first week of September, said that Nazru engaged in a scuffle, after which he took the girls with him.
The girls, aged 14 and 15 years, were found hanging from a mango tree near the fields in the early hours of May 28. On August 18, CBI officials said forensic evidence from the reports of the Centre for DNA and Fingerprinting and Diagnostics (CDFD) in Hyderabad “ruled out sexual assault on both the girls”, contradicting the May 28 post-mortem done at the district hospital in Badaun which said that “perineal findings were suggestive of rape.”
The five accused got bail after completing 90 days in judicial custody, when CBI said they will not be continued…

Court dismisses BCCI transfer application  RCA may filePILPrint
Posted: September 17, 2014 5:52 pm
The Rajasthan Cricket Association (RCA) today received some sort of relief as the District Judge (Jaipur City) has dismissed the transfer application filed by BCCI seeking transfer of RCA suit from ADJ -4 Jaipur.
In another move, the suspended RCA is all set to file a PIL on behalf of the state cricketers against the BCCI, who has kept RCA away from the domestic calendar.
Despite this, the impasse between the Rajasthan Cricket Association and BCCI is likely to continue but as a consequence of this order pronounced today, the suit filed by RCA against suspension by BCCI of the state association and its consequential allied issues will now proceed in the court of the learned ADJ -4.
The matter came up for hearing during the lawyers strike in Jaipur. However, RCA deputy president Mehmood Abdi appeared in person for RCA and argued the case of RCA.
“The BCCI’s attempt to delay the matter through this transfer application on totally unsubstantiated grounds of alleged bias to brow beat the judge proved futile. The intimidation trick of BCCI miserably failed as it could not meet the requirements to prove its allegations,” alleged Abdi, who is Lalit Modi’s trusted lieutenant.
“Moreover, BCCI wanted to take advantage of lawyers strike here to delay the matter. But ultimately justice prevailed and RCA has a reason to smile for a while at least.
We would carry on with its fight against the unlawful suspension of RCA and the arm twisting tactic of the apex cricket body of the country,” said Abdi.
We would carry on with its fight against the unlawful suspension of RCA and the arm twisting tactic of the BCCI

Traders allege predatory pricing by online c...You are here: Home > Collections > E-commerce
Traders allege predatory pricing by online companies, may stop supply
PTI Sep 17, 2014, 05.50PM IST
Tags:
ADCTA
(Many technology products…)
NEW DELHI: IT and telecom products traders' association ADCTA today asked its about 25,000 members across country to stop supplying goods to e-commerce portals and retailers if they sell any product below the price at which they have originally purchased it.
"A few companies namely Flipkart, Snapdeal and Amazon etc are selling the goods through Internet. In most of the cases, these companies are selling fast moving goods at a much lesser price than purchase price.
ADCTA advises dealers/distributors/suppliers to stop supplying goods to online companies in case these companies offer the same product less than purchase price," ADCTA said in statement.
Many technology products such as mobile phones, tablet are available online at lesser price than in retail stores, impacting adversely their business by traders.
When contacted an Amazon India spokesperson said: "We are a marketplace. We do not determine prices. Our sellers decide what to sell on our platform and at what price points."
A Flipkart spokesperson said: "The prices on our site are decided by our sellers. As a marketplace, we simply facilitate a platform where the sellers can connect with potential customers."
The All Delhi Computer Traders Association Joint Secretary Swarn Singh alleged that some of the retailers have partnered with e-commerce firms to supply them product at prices lesser than product's landing cost in the country and e-commerce firms bear the differential cost.
"We are channel partners. Almost all sales in retail market happens through us. We are aware of landing price of product at customs. ADCTA has written to government agencies to investigate in the matter," Singh said.
No comments could be obtained from Snapdeal.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India-Vietnam oil blocks deal a commercial a...India
(The President said he sees…)
ON BOARD PRESIDENT'S SPECIAL AIRCRAFT: In a strong message to China on a day when the Chinese President Xi Jinping arrived in India, President Pranab Mukherjee made it clear that India's oil exploration activities in South China Sea since 1988 are only commercial actions, and no "political angularity" should be drawn into it.
He also stressed that India's foreign policy never looked at any country "through the prism" of any third country, in an bid to drive home the point that there's absolutely no relation to his visit to Vietnam before the Chinese President's trip to India.
This comes a day after the Chinese Foreign Ministry said it will "not support" the India-Vietnam agreement to enable ONGC to explore two more oil wells as offered by Vietnam if they fall within the waters of the disputed South China Sea administered by it.
When asked by ET on his views on the objections raised by China to the agreement signed during the Indian President's visit to Vietnam, Mukherjee said India had not commented about issues of sovereignty concerning the South China Sea.
"One thing has to be kept in mind. OVL (ONGC Videsh Ltd) is exploring in the South China Sea from 1988. This is just a commercial action. There shouldn't be any political angularity to be looked into it. We have not made any comment about the contentious issue about sovereignty of the South China Sea because the disputes are there between various maritime countries sharing territory in the South China Sea," Mukherjee said.
Soon after Mukherjee's media briefing on his way back to Delhi after a 4-day visit to Vietnam, Petroleum Minister Dharmendra Pradhan -- who was accompanying the President -- clarified onboard that the said oil blocks offered by Vietnam to OVL "were within" the territorial limits of Vietnam and did not fall in the contentious territory claimed by China.
"Seven blocks were offered by Vietnam. All are within the territorial boundary of Vietnam and do not fall within the Nine-Dash Line. We are a commercial entity. Three or four of these blocks seem viable for exploration to us... our OVL team has been there for the last 10 days trying to analyse the primary data we have collected. We are very enthusiastic about this," Pradhan told reporters.
Earlier, Mukherjee, when asked about his thoughts on meeting the Chinese President while winding up his Vietnam visit, said both the issues were unrelated. "These are totally unrelated issues and one is not connected with the other. First of all, you shall have to remember that our external relations with each country are independent of our relations with another country. In other words, our foreign policy is never looked at other country through the prism of a third country," Mukherjee explained.
He said India has always held the view that issues like the dispute in the South China Sea should be resolved peacefully and as per international laws, norms and practices. "All disputes are to be settled through dialogue in a peaceful mechanism, that is, without use of force or abuse of force," the President said. Mukherjee will receive the Chinese President in New Delhi on Thursday.
Earlier, a joint statement issued by India and Vietnam on Monday during Mukherjee's 4-day visit had said that both countries agreed that freedom of navigation in the East Sea/South China Sea should not be impeded and called the parties concerned to exercise restraint, avoid threat or use of force and resolve disputes through peaceful means. Secretary (East) Anil Wadhwa clarified on Wednesday that Mukherjee had not talked about sovereignty issues but rather emphasised that maritime trade and trafficking in the east sea "which is of concern to Vietnam is preserved".
FEATURED ARTICLES

Real begin Champions League defence in styleUpdated: September 17, 2014 18:07 IST
Dortmund down Arsenal in CL
Real begin Champions League defence in style
DPA
AP Cristiano Ronaldo and Gareth Bale took center stage as Real Madrid opened the defence of its Champions League title with a swaggering 5-1 rout of Basel in Group B on Tuesday
TOPICS
soccer
Real Madrid began their title defence with a 5-1 thrashing of Basel, while city rivals Atletico slipped to a 3-2 defeat at Olympiacos in the first group matches of football’s Champions League on Tuesday.
Strikers Ciro Immobile and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang scored either side of the break for Germany’s Borussia Dortmund in a 2-0 defeat of Arsenal.
Mario Balotelli struck his first goal for Liverpool since joining from AC Milan and Steven Gerrard converted a last-gasp penalty in a dramatic late goal flurry in a 2-1 defeat of newcomers Ludogorets.
Elsewhere, Argentinian striker Carlos Tevez bagged both goals for Juventus in a 2-0 defeat of Malmo, while Monaco and Zenit St Petersburg also began their campaigns with victories.
Galatasaray rescued a point with a late goal in a 1-1 draw with Anderlecht.
Bale, Ronaldo on song
An own goal by Marek Suchy in the 14th minute began a first-half goal rush by Real Madrid against Swiss champions Basel in Group B.
Gareth Bale ran onto a Luka Modric pass to lift the ball over Basel keeper Tomas Vaclik on the half hour and then set up Cristiano Ronaldo for a third a minute later.
James Rodriguez made it four in the 37th minute before Derlis Gonzalez pulled one back a minute later. Real completed the rout with a Karim Benzema strike 11 minutes from time.
You have to give Mario Balotelli credit, it didn’t go his way for long periods but the sign of a good goal scorer is to keep going and get a chance. What’s more important is his work rate.
Liverpool, back in the Champions League after a five-year break, toiled against group-stage debutants Ludogorets before Italy striker Ballotelli broke the deadlock with eight minutes remaining in their Group D encounter at Anfield.
Dani Abolo levelled in the final minute for the Bulgarians but Gerrard then stepped up to score from the spot after keeper Milan Borjan tripped Javi Manquillo.
“We did OK but it wasn’t better than OK,” Gerrard said.
“There’s a lot to learn, we were caused problems on the counter-attack. You have to give Mario Balotelli credit, it didn’t go his way for long periods but the sign of a good goal scorer is to keep going and get a chance. What’s more important is his work rate.
“If we win in Basel now it puts us in a good position but we must do better.”
Immobile on target
APCiro Immobile, left, and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang
Fellow Premier League side Arsenal were outplayed at Dortmund who were rewarded for their dominance. Immobile, a summer signing from Torino, raced from his own half to finish just before the break for his first competitive goal for the Bundesliga side.
Aubamayang then punished a ragged display by Arsene Wenger’s side with a second shortly after the interval.
“We wanted a pressing machine on the field and we did this to near perfection,” Dortmund coach Juergen Klopp told Sky TV.
Arsenal midfielder Mikel Arteta said, “We faced a top side in one of the most difficult stadiums to play in in Europe. After you go 1-0 down here it is very difficult. We didn’t perform well enough tonight.”
Arthur Masuaku and Ibrahim Afellay put Olympiacos ahead against Atletico in a Group A game in Piraeus before last season’s losing finalists replied through Mario Mandzukic on his Champions League debut for the Spanish champions.
Kostas Mitroglou hit a third for the home side in the 73rd minute, while Antoine Griezmann’s late goal came was no more than a consolation for Atletico.
In the same group, Tevez was on target in the 59th minute and notched a second with a last-minute free-kick for Italian champions Juventus against Swedish side Malmo.
Benfica’s 51-match unbeaten home record in all competitions came to an end against visiting Zenit St Petersburg in Group C.
Brazil striker Hulk put the Russian side ahead and former home favourite Axel Witsel headed a second soon after Benfica keeper Artur was sent off for a foul as last man.
Monaco also got off to a winning start in the group with a 1-0 defeat of Germany’s Bayer Leverkusen thanks to a 61st-minute goal by Joao Moutinho.
The group stage continues Wednesday with eight matches in Groups E, F, G and H.

Tilak Finance: AGM on Sept 29  2014Sep 17, 2014, 05.59 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Tilak Finance: AGM on Sept 29, 2014
Tilak Finance has informed that the 33rd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company will be held on September 29, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Tilak Finance: AGM on Sept 29, 2014
Tilak Finance has informed that the 33rd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company will be held on September 29, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Tilak Finance Ltd has informed BSE that the 33rd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company will be held on September 29, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Another sugar supply glut year in the offingAnother sugar supply glut year in the offing
Link to the article is given by lynx  above. please go through it.New Member
7 Followers
There is an article on Forbes on Ratul Puri and his shenanigans with HPPPL. Its most likely a paid BS article since he is trying to list his company for a market cap of Rs10,000 Cr.
This is after he has over the last 5 years siphoned off money from Moser Baer and MB is in the pits now. In the same article there is a little on Indosolar as well and how their capacity is right now at 100%. This article was published yesterday.
What Moser Baer did with its shareholders is pathetic. I hope the promoters get a lawsuit filed against them and SEBI should not allow HPPPL to list even.
disclaimer : I hold MB as well as Indie, though I am biased towards Indie. I hold MB more on hope than on forward PE.
2.27 PM Sep 17th

Edelweiss will reach rs 75 medium term and wait till q2 resultsCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

How do relate the the news of no hike in price due to election a repor...New Member
0 Follower
how do relate the the news of no hike in price due to election a report subbmited by thw panel?  will the stock go up tommoro oe decline further? anybody on the board plz
6.34 PM Sep 17th  | Track

Tommorrow it will cross 245Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Vishal Retail founder has big plans for new ventureAfter Vishal Retail debacle, founder focuses on e-commerce
Raghavendra Kamath | Mumbai Sep 18, 2014 12:48 AM IST
Three and a half years after his company Vishal Retail was sold to a consortium led by private equity giant TPG, Ram Chandra Agarwal is planning big on his new retail business, V2 Retail.
Now, Agarwal is considering expanding the chain of 16 V2 Retail stores, which primarily sell apparel, in various states, including Uttar Pradesh and those in the North-east. He also plans to set up business-to-business and business-to-consumers e-commerce portals to focus on value fashion. “I want to make the e-commerce portal the country’s largest value-fashion portal,” he said on the sidelines of the India Retail Forum here.
He added he had learnt important lessons on managing cash flow, controlling expansion and not seeking short-term debt. In 2008, Vishal Retail ran into trouble after failing to raise equity, as rising debt levels crippled business prospects. As of June 2010, the company had Rs 730 crore of debt on its books.
In late 2009, lenders to the company had approached the corporate debt restructuring cell. Subsequently, lenders such as State Bank of India, HSBC and ING Vysya approved the debt recast proposal, which included promoters ceding control to investors. Some lenders such as Deutsche Bank, Barclays and DBS Bank moved court, urging Vishal Retail be liquidated.
For V2 Retail, Agarwal is opening stores of with an area of 12,000 sq ft, against Vishal Retail’s store size of 18,000 sq ft. “During the days of Vishal Retail, we opened 10,00,000 sq ft in a year. Today, we are opening 200,000 sq ft in three years,” Agarwal said. V2 Retail aimed to increase its revenue 30 per cent every year, he said, adding the company was eyeing sales of Rs 260-270 crore and a profit of Rs 9 crore this financial year.
However, retail consultants such as Prashant Agarwal, joint managing director of Wazir Advisors, are less enthusiastic. “In business, your background does not go away...Though there are opportunities, he could face challenges on competition and funding,” said Wazir’s Agarwal.
“Log chamatkar ko namaskar karte hai (people salute miracles). I have restarted the retail journey. The chamatkar will happen,” said Ram Chandra Agarwal.

Online  physical retailers say they can co-exist: Kunal Bahl'Online, physical retailers can co-exist', says Rakesh Biyani
Raghavendra Kamath | Mumbai Sep 18, 2014 12:47 AM IST
Many e-commerce and physical retailers, at the annual India Retail Forum meet, said both categories can co-exist.
A day after he signed an agreement with Tata-run Croma, Kunal Bahl, co-founder and chief executive of Snapdeal, said the e-commerce portal would forge more such partnerships with brick and mortar companies.
"With a partnership with Croma, we demonstrated that we can have a symbiotic relationship with physical retailers," he said.
Future Retail's joint managing director, Rakesh Biyani, said even after the advent of e-commerce portals, physical retailers are showing positive growth numbers.
"Nobody has taken our share or anybody else's share. The pie is getting large. Those who can give better customer experience can take a large share of the pie," he said.
New technologies, he explained, enable physical retailers to reach more customers, with a larger assortment.
 

No free lunch; banks free to charge ATM users: RBINo free lunch; banks free to charge ATM users: RBI
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 15:  
The RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan on Monday said there was “no free lunch” alluding to the usage of ATM services of other banks for free as it is a cost to home banks.
“The ATM transaction is free to you but not free to the bank. It costs the bank Rs 75 to Rs 100 for those five transactions. The bank has to collect that amount from somewhere and it has to be from customers. But there are two distortions that it creates. First, not everybody is doing the same amount of transactions and (also) are we subsidising using of cash by freeing up ATMs?” Rajan said at FICCI’s banking conclave.
He said that since this increases your bank’s costs, it is passed back to the customer in some form. Ultimately, those who transact more are subsidised by those who transact less.
The RBI has reduced the number of free transactions per month at any non-home bank ATM to 3 from 5 earlier. This will be effective from November in the six metro cities of Mumbai, Delhi, Kolkata, Chennai, Bangalore and Hyderabad. Banks are also allowed to charge their own customers for more than five transactions at their own ATMs.
Rajan clarified that RBI has allowed banks to charge customers but that does not mean that banks have to do so. “If you (banks) like your customers to use free ATMs you can subsidise the transactions. What we have done essentially is (to) let large banks make better business decisions and reduce the hidden cross-subsidy and make it more transparent,” he said.
2-factor authentication
The central bank chief also said RBI is looking at whether the two-factor authentication can be done away with for small payments. “May be we can think about reducing the need for second authentication for low-value payments provided the card provider has systems to protect against misuse and can bear their cost beyond a certain point if the card is misused,” Rajan said.
RBI warned companies against breaking the two-step authentication rule for credit-card transactions.
“It has come to our notice that some firms are bypassing this and clearing transactions abroad breaking the rules. We said don’t break the rules and sent out the circular with this effect and the immediate pushback was that the RBI is against innovation...is slowing the process. Whatever the innovation, breaking the rule is not done. You have to follow the rules,” Rajan said.
A two-factor authentication can be either a personal identification number or a one-time password for transactions done over the internet.
In a notification last month, RBI insisted on a second authentication for all card transactions done on the internet. The notification came after some overseas service companies including much-talked about cab-service provider Uber, which used offshore payment gateways for transactions done in India to sidestep the RBI’s authentication rules.
Rajan said RBI rules were there because they enhanced the security of transactions. “If there is a rule on the book, we don’t allow breaking rules simply because the innovation is cool. We are not against innovation. We very much want the kind of innovation that we are talking about. We just have to make sure that we work our way through it,” he said.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)
Related

In pictures: Mount Mary fair is backTweet
For more than 300 years, the Bandra fair is celebrated every September to mark the birthday of Mother Mary. (Vidya Subramanian/HT photo)
For more than 300 years, the Bandra fair is celebrated every September to mark the birthday of Mother Mary. (Vidya Subramanian/HT photo)
Thousands of pilgrims made their way to the Basilica of Mount Mary, Bandra, on the first day of Octave, the eight-day fair. (Vidya Subramanian/HT photo)
Thousands of pilgrims made their way to the Basilica of Mount Mary, Bandra, on the first day of Octave, the eight-day fair. (Vidya Subramanian/HT photo)
Thousands of pilgrims made their way to the Basilica of Mount Mary, Bandra, on the first day of Octave, the eight-day fair. (Vidya Subramanian/HT photo)
For more than 300 years, the Bandra fair is celebrated every September to mark the birthday of Mother Mary. ((Vidya Subramanian/HT photo)
Devotees wait at the bus stop as the Mount Mary fair begins in Bandra, Mumbai. (Vidya Subramanian/HT photo)
Devotees wait at the bus stop as the Mount Mary fair begins in Bandra, Mumbai. (Vidya Subramanian/HT photo)
Advertisement

What 1.3 million tiny balls can do for your washing machineBy Matt McFarland September 16 Follow @mattmcfarland
The Xeros washing machine uses less water, instead relying on balls to help the cleaning process. (Xeros)
Washing machines stuffed with millions of little nylon balls might be the start of a revolution in how we wash textiles, if Xeros has its way.
After several years of research the company is selling commercial washing machines that use a fraction of the water of traditional machines, thanks to the small balls that fill the washer drum and act as cleaning agents.
“If you take it all the way back to basically beating a textile or garment on a rock on a river, that’s really the same type of science that’s been in place around cleaning things — textiles in particular — since the beginning of time,” said Jonathan Benjamin, Xeros president for North America. His company hopes to drive the industry forward.
The current Xeros machine is larger than typical commercial washing machine. (Xeros)
The technology has its roots at the University of Leeds, where researchers were trying to dye fabrics more effectively. While experimenting with polymer beads, they noticed the beads were excellent at absorbing things. Why not use the beads to create a greener washing machine?
When the wash cycle begins 1.3 million of the tiny balls fill the machine, mix with water and extract stains and dirt. Xeros supplies its own detergent that is engineered to work best with the machine and the beads. During the wash cycle the balls exit the washing machine’s drum through small holes. They can be reused for 500 wash cycles.
“At the end of the day you get 99.99999 percent of the beads out of the load, you may have a couple left that kind of work their way through,” Benjamin said.
Xeros has installed 30 machines this year and plans to install 150 by year’s end.
Crest Cleaners chief executive David Slan first encountered Xeros a couple years ago. “I thought it was the coolest thing in the world,” Slan told me.
He now has four machines in his 14 locations. He wants his locations to be 100 percent Xeros in a few years, but is currently limited by the size of the machines. The Xeros machine delivers only half the throughput per square foot of a traditional washing machine, according to Slan.
“If there’s one negative right now it’s the fact that the footprint of the machines is quite large compared to a traditional washer. As we know with technology, things get smaller,” Slan said.
He described his current savings on utility costs as “not earth-shattering,” but a smart investment to position his company for an inevitable rise in water and sewage fees.
“The laundry when it comes out, it’s cleaner, it’s fresher smelling,” said Chad Hanson, regional vice president for the Witham Group, which operates 17 hotels.
Hanson installed three of the machines in his hotels in July. His old 60-pound commercial machines used 115 gallons of water for a load. The Xeros machines use 30.
Because linens emerge dryer, he’s shaving eight minutes off the time it takes to dry sheets, and five to six minutes for drying a load of towels. The machines almost never use hot water, which he estimates will knock 10 percent off his natural gas bill.
If Xeros succeeds in commercial washing machines, the next logical step would be bringing more environmentally-friendly washing machines to the residential market.
Matt McFarland is the editor of Innovations. He's always looking for the next big thing. You can find him on Twitter and Facebook .

What the Scottish vote could meanMore to money than meets the eye
By  Vikram Barhat
Read more about these links.
A look inside your wallet
It’s hard to imagine a cashless future , despite the fanciful prospect of the end of paper money. The World Bank says that, on average, only 50% of adults worldwide even have a bank account . In other words, cash transactions are here to stay.
And as long as physical money is a mainstay, central banks across the world will continue to innovate to keep their currency safe, credible and widely accepted — and to stay ahead of counterfeiters, whose own techniques continue to improve, too.
Colour has always been a key security element of the world’s paper currencies. With rapid advances in technology, a combination of hues and security inks ensure paper money remains trustworthy.
The colour of money is also a way nations differentiate themselves. Take Scotland , for instance, where a yes vote for independence this week could impact which currency it uses. Certain shades have a special meaning and symbolism in many countries and cultures. Scroll through the images above to see why countries choose their currency colours and cryptic designs — and more.
(Torsten Blackwood/AFP/Getty Images)
Indian Rupee
Indian rupees are a colourful melange. The five rupee notes are green, 10 notes are orange-violet, 20 notes are red-orange, 50 notes are blue-violet-pink, 100 notes are blue-grey-green, 500 notes are olive-green-yellow and 1,000 notes are pink-yellow-red.
The current series of bills are known as the Mahatma Gandhi Series 2005 as they bear the portrait of Gandhi,  popularly known as the ‘Father of the Nation’ in India. They contain several special security features, such as the use of fluorescent ink in the number panel on the front of the note along with optical fibres.
In 2000, the 500 rupee and 1,000 rupee notes were updated with new security measures to deter counterfeiters, including colour-changing ink. The numerals 500 and 1,000 appear green when the notes are held flat, but turn blue when tilted.
“India uses security ink from (Swiss security solutions provider) SICPA as they are the most technologically advanced security ink manufacturers in the world,” said Bengaluru, India-based Rezwan Razack, chairman of the Indian chapter of the International Bank Notes Society . Razack is a renowned collector of Indian banknotes and possesses one note of every variety of Indian paper money since its inception in 1770.
More than 80% of the paper money printers in the world use security ink manufactured by SICPA, he added. The colours of Indian currency notes have a big role to play in helping a large illiterate population that “relates to colour and size to determine the denomination,” Razack said. According to the latest available UNESCO statistics , India has 287m illiterate adults, 37% of the global total. And with only 35% of its 1.3 billion people having access to a bank account , India couldn’t be farther from the concept of a cashless society.
The Reserve Bank of India, the nation’s central bank, plans to introduce one billion polymer banknotes of 10-rupee denomination as a pilot in 2015.
"If that succeeds it will be replicated in the entire country," said Duvvuri Subbarao, the governor of RBI at the time, as quoted in The Times of India .
(Diptendu Dutta/AFP/Getty Images)
Canadian Dollar
Canada’s cash flow is sometimes described as an ‘ocean of green’, in large part because its glossy, spearmint-coloured $20 note accounts for more than 50% of all circulating paper currency in the country.
But, each of the five denominations has a distinct colour scheme — the sky-blue $5, the violet-purple $10, the minty-green $20, the rust-red $50 and the sepia-toned $100. The notes have stayed the same colours since the inception of the Bank of Canada in 1935.
Variety allows “all Canadians, and particularly those who are partially sighted, to denominate their bank notes with ease,” said Bank of Canada (BoC) media relations consultant Josianne Menard. The different colours also help banknote processing equipment denominate and authenticate each note, she added.
Some colours lend themselves well to Canadian symbolism and history. The green of the $20 note, for example, is punctuated on its reverse side, by red-coloured poppies, which honour Canada’s soldiers killed in World War I.
Currency designers picked the blue $5 bill to display a space theme. “It is commonly used by children, who might find the space exploration theme exciting,” said Menard.
There have been seven series of Canadian bills, and the latest are made of polymer to improve longevity and stymie counterfeiters. Not every series was well received, however. The BoC created quite a stir when it issued the 1954 series of Canadian dollar bills, referred to as the “Devil’s Head” series , “because, in the engraving of the portrait, an area of the Queen's hair gave the illusion of a grinning devil,” according to the BoC website.
The bank later issued notes with modified portrait “to exorcise the demon!”
(Nicholas Kamm/AFP/Getty Images)
Australian Dollar
In 1992, Australia replaced its paper banknotes with polymer bills, becoming the first country in the world to have a complete system of banknotes made from plastic. The new notes are much stronger, lasting up to four times as long as fibrous notes, and they provide greater security against counterfeiting.
Forgeries dropped significantly with the introduction of polymer bills and it now has one of the lowest forgery rates in the world, according to the Reserve Bank of Australia.
In an Aussie’s wallet you will find mauve $5 bills, blue $10 bills, red $20 bills, gold $50 bills and green $100 bills. The colours are designed to help people with poor vision distinguish denominations.
To deter counterfeiters, the currency uses special ink which makes the serial numbers of banknotes fluoresce when held under ultraviolet light.
(Torsten Blackwood/AFP/Getty Images)
British Pound
There are currently four denominations of British pound notes in circulation — green £5 notes, orange £10 notes, purple £20 notes and red £50 notes.
It is unclear why specific colours were chosen for each denomination, said Emma Sinclair, press officer at the Bank of England (BoE), the UK’s central bank, but easy identification is one trait, just as it is in other currencies around the globe.
Pound notes incorporate many fluorescent features to combat counterfeiting. When one is held under ultra-violet light, the numeral on the denomination pops in bright red and green, in contrast to the relatively dull background. Colour also plays a role in the BoE’s efforts to counter transit robberies. The bank uses dye-staining devices in cash boxes used to transfer currency.  These devices permanently stain the cash if a robbery is attempted or carried out, making stolen notes easily recognisable.
The strategy’s effectiveness was on ample display in this James Bond-style heist where the perpetrators threw wads of cash out the car window upon realising the security device in the stolen cashbox had doused the money in pink dye.
(Matt Cardy/Getty Images)
US Dollar
The US dollar has long enjoyed a status as the world's primary reserve currency. Since 1862 when the Bureau of Engraving and Printing (BEP) started exclusively designing and printing it, US paper currency has had two colour schemes: The front, or obverse, side is black, while the back, or reverse, is green (hence the term ‘greenback’).
Over time, the design of US bills has changed but the notes have more or less retained their original colour scheme. Why green? It was a practical matter.
“The use of green was continued because pigment of that colour was readily available in large quantities,” the BEP says on its website. In addition, “the colour was relatively high in its resistance to chemical and physical changes, and green was psychologically identified with the strong and stable credit of the Government."
Besides, colourful bills cost more to make. The US Federal Reserve shells out 5.4 cents to make a $1 note, while the $100 bill, which is more colourful, costs 13.1 cents.
However, over time, colours have been added to US currency to deter counterfeiters.
The $100 note, redesigned in 2013, includes an image of a colour-changing bell in an inkwell. The inkwell and bell are both copper, but tilt the note and the colour of the bell changes from copper to green. The bell also seems to appear and disappear within the inkwell.
As for the formula for this changing ink, “the ingredients are proprietary,” said Darlene Anderson, a spokesperson for the BEP.
(Paul J Richards/AFP/Getty Images)
Brazilian Real
A Brazilian wallet carries a rainbow of colour — literally.
In 1994, when the real replaced the older currency, cruzeiro, the new currency's colours were chosen to reflect those of the visible spectrum — turquoise blue for R$100 bills, orange for R$50 bills, yellow for R$20 bills, red for R$10 bills, purple for R$5 bills and dark blue for R$2 bills. (The dark green R1$ bills were discontinued in 2006).
The set of colours, with each denomination different, was especially chosen to allow people to better distinguish the notes in daily transactions, particularly those with subnormal vision, according the press office of the Banco Central do Brasil, Brazil's central bank.
The Brazilians use colour-changing ink in their R$10 and R$20 bills to halt counterfeiters.  When the notes are tilted, the numbers turn from blue to green, a characteristic which is difficult to replicate even with high-quality printers and scanners.
In 2000, Brazil’s central bank issued polymer notes in R$10 denomination, but stopped issuing them after bankers complained that the bills stuck together.
(AFP/Getty Images)
Singapore Dollar
Singapore may be one of the world’s smallest countries by land mass, but its currency, the Singapore dollar, remains among the strongest in the world.
In 1999, its central bank, the Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS), introduced the current set of banknotes, known as the portrait series, which features Singapore's first president, the late Encik Yusof Bin Ishak, who is revered for his role in nation building.
The $2 notes are purple, $5 notes are green, $10 notes are red, $50 notes are blue, $100 notes are orange, $1,000 notes are purple and $10,000 notes are gold. However, citing risks associated with high face-value notes, the MAS recently announced it will cease to issue the $10,000 note, starting 1 October 2014.
A special ink makes counterfeiting extremely difficult.
“Banknotes are printed with security inks, such as intaglio ink, which are only made available to security printing works for the production of banknotes and other high security documents,” said an MAS spokesperson.
The thick viscosity of intaglio inks also allows for the printing of fine lines and relief which provides a tactile effect.
As an added layer of security, notes are printed with magnetic, fluorescent, phosphorescent and infrared-absorbent inks. “These inks are only visible with the use of special equipment,” said the spokesperson.
Singapore issued three million orange-coloured $20 polymer bills in 2007 to commemorate the 40th anniversary of the currency agreement with Brunei, only the second time Singapore ever issued banknotes in $20 denomination.
Editor's Note: The original version of this slide has been updated to correct a reference to the number of times Singapore issued $20 notes.
(Roslan Rahman/AFP/Getty Images)
More stories from Life in Colour
Colour on demand Plastic wraps free drivers to choose their hues
The women with super-human vision They’ve seen a world no-one else can view
Colombia's 'Liquid Rainbow' The technicolour river of red, blue, orange and green
More Slideshows

Mahindra in Talks to Buy Peugeot s Scooter Unit: ReportMahindra & Mahindra Ltd, India's largest utility vehicle maker, is in advanced talks to buy PSA Peugeot Citroen's scooter business, Bloomberg reported on Tuesday, citing three unnamed sources familiar with the matter.
An announcement may be made soon, Bloomberg reported, citing two of the people.
A PSA spokesman declined comment. A Mahindra spokesman said the company would not comment on market speculation.
French carmaker Peugeot had denied reports in an Indian newspaper in August of a partnership with Mahindra to share technology, and production facilities in France and India.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

How NASA keeps innovatingComments
By Tom Fox September 16
A static rocket display is seen outside the NASA Wallops Flight Facility Visitor Center on Saturday July 12, 2014 in Accomack County, VA. . (Photo by Matt McClain/ The Washington Post)
Rod Pyle, the author of Innovation the NASA Way , has led leadership trainings at NASA's Johnson Space Center for its top executives and has also trained leaders from Fortune 100 companies. Pyle spoke about NASA and fostering innovation with Tom Fox, a guest writer for On Leadership and vice president for leadership and innovation at the nonprofit Partnership for Public Service. Fox also heads up their Center for Government Leadership. The conversation has been lightly edited for length and clarity.
Q. What are some of the traits that make for successful innovators?
A. What I saw at NASA at large, and in looking at the history of the space race and the Apollo and early shuttle programs, was this sense of daring and boldness. Innovation comes with risk. In the public sector, you’ve got a lot of visibility and sometimes that’s a problem. Yet the people at NASA who are successful always take risks. They make bold decisions and they are very dedicated. Having a sense of passion seems to drive people to be able to come up with incredible ideas.
Q. What allows NASA to be an innovative organization?
A. NASA is more bureaucratic than it used to be and there is a thicker rulebook, but the momentum that carries them is still this incredible sense of mission. If you go to any NASA center and ask someone what program they are working on and how they feel about it, nine times out of 10 you are going to get this very excited civil servant who tells you all about where they are going, how they are getting there, what they hope to find when they get there and why it is important.
The best leaders in the organization are able to own that and let that transfer down to the people who work with them and for them. That includes being able to provide an environment in which innovation can really blossom.
Q. What have been some of the barriers to innovation at NASA?
Credit: Rod Pyle
A. Talk to ten different people at NASA and you would get ten different answers. I think a common frustration is having a program announcement that then either gets canceled or underfunded. Sometimes this happens within next year’s budget appropriation, or often it's when we have a change in the White House.
For instance, the Constellation program was announced back in the early 2000s. They were going to build a new rocket, a new command module and a new lunar landing ship. It was never fully funded because a lot of people — outside of NASA primarily— were pulling in different directions. Then in 2009, they commissioned a report that said, “If you don’t put more money into this, it’s never going to happen because you are just going to keep tinkering with it.” So instead of funding it properly, they cut it.
Q. What can other federal agencies learn from NASA about managing innovation?
A. I get asked that a lot: “That’s great for NASA, but how do I make it work for me?” First, it’s about having a sense of mission, a driving force with clearly defined goals. Then you can take the lid off and say, “Okay people, I know that we have practicalities to worry about, but for the next 48 hours or the next week, I want you to just think as far outside the box as you can. Nothing is too outrageous. Don’t be afraid to hold your hand up, and by the way, negativity is not helpful. At some point, we will come and steer this towards where it needs to go.”
You can always trim back the idea or bring in the budgetary constraints later, but you are never going to arrive at a truly great, innovative solution if you start off by thinking of the constraints. NASA is good at using teams and team processes, so although an innovation usually starts with a person or a couple of people, they are very good at working in a team while still giving the innovator a sense of ownership and a stake in the project.
Q. What can federal leaders do to make innovation a priority?
A. The key is to set up fertile ground, an environment where innovation can take place. Innovation is a creative act. It is a moment of inspiration, fueled by imagination, that results in an idea that you then put into process to create change. It is not something where you can say, “Think! Create! Have a great idea!”
That is the biggest challenge within government — because if you set something like that up and it doesn’t produce results in the time period that is expected, you can begin having problems and criticisms. But there is just no other way. There needs to be a willingness to have bold moments, whether it’s the idea itself or the boldness of just saying, “Here is a challenge we need to solve, and we don’t know how to do it right now, and we have to figure out how to do it.” That’s what having a sense of mission is all about.
 

By-polls not a sign of things to come  says BJPBy-polls not a sign of things to come, says BJP
Poornima Joshi
THE HINDU Prime Minister Narendra Modi and BJP national president Amit Shah, at an event in Gandhinagar on Tuesday. The real poll battles will be fought in Maharashtra and Haryana. - Vivek Bendre
Despite losing 13 Assembly seats it held, party says the outcomes are all about local issues
New Delhi, September 16:  
A stunned BJP on Tuesday watched the reversal of its fortunes barely four months after it had scaled new heights in the Lok Sabha elections.
From its enviable perch of 26 Assembly seats of the 33 where by-polls were held on September 13, the ruling coalition came down to 13 seats. The BJP on its own managed to win just 12 seats across nine States while its ally, the TDP, won the Nandigama Assembly segment in Andhra Pradesh.
Though the party managed a handsome victory in the Vadodara Lok Sabha seat, on Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s home turf, it was embarrassed in Rohaniya, an Assembly segment in Varanasi, from where BJP ally Apna Dal lost heavily to the Samajwadi Party.
Has itself to blame
There were, however, no major upsets in the Lok Sabha segments of Mainpuri, Vadodara and Medak, where the incumbents — Samajwadi Party, BJP and TRS — won comfortably. While by-elections are routinely tilted in favour of the ruling party in the provinces where they are held, it can only explain the results to some extent in Uttar Pradesh. In Rajasthan and Gujarat, where the Congress wrested three seats each from the BJP’s own kitty, the ruling party has no one else to blame as it in power in both the States.
Dalit vote
Even in Uttar Pradesh, the fact that the SP is in power does not really explain the results. The BJP had all the 11 Assembly seats where by-polls were held. These seats were represented by the BJP in the Assembly as well as the Lok Sabha. The party lost as many as eight of the 11 sitting seats despite heavy communal polarisation effected by the BJP’s firebrand Hindutva icon, Gorakhpur MP Yogi Adityanath.
Adityanath’s project to wean Dalits away from the Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP), which curiously did not contest the by-polls, did not seem to have borne fruit. In a place known as Kanth in Moradabad district, the BJP’s local cadre was accused of fanning communal sentiments by installing a loudspeaker in a temple in a Dalit neighbourhood.
While the BJP won the Saharanpur Nagar seat that adjoins Kanth, it lost in both Thakurdwara and Bijnor, both adjacent to Moradabad. The UP Chief Minister, Akhilesh Yadav, triumphantly declared that the election results symbolise the “defeat of communal and divisive forces” in the State.
In fact, the SP successfully micro-managed the election to achieve the impossible — getting Dalits to vote for an SP candidate.
In UP, Dalits have traditionally never voted along with the Yadavs.
The intermediary castes are generally perceived to be a bigger threat by Dalits than the upper castes, which explains BSP supremo Mayawati’s successful efforts to rope in Brahmins in the 2007 Assembly polls.
In these elections, because the BSP was not contesting, the BJP believed the Dalits would vote for its candidates, as they had done in the Lok Sabha polls.
However, the SP managed to secure this segment’s support, at least in a few constituencies.
Real battles
For instance, in Balha reserved constituency, the SP weaned away the BSP local leader Vanshidhar Baudh, a protégé of local bigwig and legislator Yasir Ali.
Vanshidhar Baudh replaced SP’s Sabir Balmiki as the party’s official candidate and bagged local Dalit votes to defeat the BJP’s Akshaivar Gaur.
However, as BJP insiders point out, it would be a mistake to interpret these results as a sign of things to come.
“The real battles will be fought in Maharashtra and Haryana. This is an extremely localised election and should be understood as such,” said BJP spokesperson Shahnawaz Hussein.
(This article was published on September 16, 2014)
Related

Keith Ellisons mom reminds us of what family isBy Jonathan Capehart September 16 Follow @capehartj
Clida Ellison (l) and Mo Rocca prepare a dish on Rocca’s “My Grandmother’s Ravioli.” (Courtesy Cooking Channel)
Between Adrian Peterson’s switch-beating of his four-year-old son and Ray Rice’s elevator knock-out of his now-wife, we have seen some really shoddy examples of what it means to be a loving family member lately. But Mo Rocca and Clida Ellison, the mother of Rep. Keith Ellison (D-Minn.), reminded me that love, sacrifice and duty  are the hallmarks of a healthy family.
You know Rocca from his work on “CBS Sunday Morning.” What you might not have known is that he also has an Emmy-nominated show called “My Grandmother’s Ravioli” on the Cooking Channel. During the 30-minute show, Rocca ventures into the kitchens of parents and grandparents to learn about and help prepare their favorite dishes and, well, just talk. And that’s what Rocca does with Ellison in the “ravioli” episode that airs Wednesday night.
They talk about Ellison’s Creole heritage. How her ancestor Marie Thérèse Coincoin “caught the attention of” French merchant Claude Pierre Métoyer.  How they had 10 children together. How she was able to win her freedom. And how she started her own 68-acre plantation and was able to buy the freedom of all her children. Imagine how strong Coincoin had to have been to do all that back then. Those were by no means the glory days and the work was no doubt hard even for a freed slave. That kind of mettle would prove inspirational to her descendant centuries later.
Just as Ellison’s five boys were going through college, her husband Leonard had a debilitating stroke. Clida was his office manager. With Leonard bed-ridden, Rocca explains, Clida “had to step up at a time when people her age were contemplating retirement.” In addition to working full time, caring for her husband, and holding her family together, Clida went back to school and earned a masters degree in social work at age 57.
“That lady pulled me through this,” Ellison said of her ancestor Coincoin. “If she could buy children out of slavery, go and amass a veritable fortune on her own I can do this. And that’s the only thing that kept me going…If she can do it I can do it. And I did.” What Ellison did makes her the definition of a “Steel Magnolia.”
Brian Ellison, Clida’s Baptist minister son, spoke glowingly of his parents. “Our parents gave us a script. It was one of achievement. One of moral uprightness, social responsibility,” he told Rocca. “If you followed it you were okay, you were rewarded. If you didn’t you eventually would.” When asked to talk about what their mother did to hold the family together,  Leonard Jr., said, “I don’t know where my dad would be without my mom and what she’s done.” In the episode, there is a brief bedside talk with Rocca, Clida and Leonard Sr. that serves as a visual reminder of how Clida’s hard work kept her husband and her family alive.
As for her son Keith’s conversion to Islam from Catholicism, Clida was understanding. “He found someplace where he was really, really comfortable,” she said. “Frankly, my whole thing was if he was devout to something, some higher power, it was okay with me because we are not unto ourselves on this earth.”
Beyond the cooking and the laughter that punctuated every scene, I loved the humanity shown by Ellison. Her willingness to talk about her ancestors and how their example helped her through her own travails was a wonderful tonic to the frightening examples of “family” we have seen of late. No, no family is perfect. But I’d rather swoon over the Ellisons than shake my head over the Rices and the Petersons any day.
Follow Jonathan on Twitter: @Capehartj
Jonathan Capehart is a member of the Post editorial board and writes about politics and social issues for the PostPartisan blog.

Americas bellies have expanded significantly  new study showsBy Elahe Izadi September 16 Follow @ElaheIzadi
(Ron Tarver/Philadelphia Inquirer)
Americans have had to loosen, not tighten, their belts as the average width of Americans' waists grew by more than an inch during the past decade, according to a new study from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
From 2011 to 2012, 54 percent of Americans had abdominal obesity, up from 46 percent from 1999 to 2000. And the average American waist grew from 37.6 inches to 38.8 inches over the same period, according to the study to be published in Wednesday's Journal of the American Medical Association.
Abdominal obesity is generally defined by waist size: women with waist sizes of about 35 inches or higher and men with waist sizes of about 40 inches or higher. Having such belly fat puts you at higher risk for certain illnesses. For instance, people with abdominal obesity — having an apple shape —  have increased odds of cardiovascular disease , even when they have normal body mass indexes.
Nearly two in three women had abdominal obesity from 2011-2012, while 44 percent of men had it, according to the study.
Bellies have expanded, yes, but this happened while another measure of obesity has remained relatively stable: obesity calculated from body mass index, which measures body fat based on height and weight.
Researchers have speculated as to why that's happening, "but several factors, including sleep deprivation, endocrine disruptors and certain medications, have been proposed as potential explanations," lead CDC researcher Earl Ford  wrote .
To calculate waist-size averages, researchers culled data from more than 32,000 Americans older than 19. They also broke down results by demographics, finding significant increases across groups: men's waists grew by 0.8 inch; women's grew by 1.5 inches; whites' grew 1.2 inches; and African Americans' grew 1.6 inches.
But America's collective waist may not be expanding as rapidly anymore. “We have some signs that things may be stabilizing,”  Ford told Bloomberg . “We have to just watch it for a couple more cycles to know where we stand and if we have turned the corner on obesity. It’s a little early in the game yet.”
Elahe Izadi is a general assignment national reporter for The Washington Post.

Preparation can take the pinch out of retirementPreparation can take the pinch out of retirement
By Elliot Raphaelson, Tribune Content Agency, The Savings Game
Retirement Planning Finance Retirement Credit and Debt Mortgages
Recent studies have shown that many prospective retirees have insufficient assets or sources of income for a comfortable retirement. A lot of factors play into this problem. I'll discuss major ones below, and suggest ways to alleviate them.
--Mortgage debt. More people than ever before are entering retirement with a significant mortgage. If you have a number of years left in your working career, you might benefit from refinancing your mortgage to a shorter term, say, 15 years rather than 30. Or you might make more or larger payments toward principal. These steps can help you significantly reduce or eliminate the outstanding balance by the time you reach retirement. If you're on the verge of retiring, you might consider downsizing your home to reduce or eliminate mortgage costs.
0
--Credit card debt. Retirees are also facing higher credit card debt than ever. I recommend taking steps to retire all credit card debt before you retire. If you are not paying your bill in full each month, use a different credit card for new purchases, and pay it in full monthly. To deal with outstanding balances, initiate a plan to eliminate all credit card debt before you retire. If you are paying a high annual fee on outstanding balances, consider switching to accounts with lower annual rates.
--Insufficient retirement assets. Make sure that your 401(k) contributions are high enough to ensure maximum employer matching. If you haven't been making a maximum contribution, cut down on unnecessary expenditures so you can increase your contribution. Make additional IRA contributions.
--Poor investment returns and high commissions. Do not keep large investments in vehicles with low returns or management fees exceeding 1 percent each year. You should not have significant investments in money-market instruments, certificates of deposit, or Treasury bills earning less than 1 percent. You can't afford investments with returns lower than the rate of inflation.
Invest in diversified stock and bond no-load mutual funds and/or exchange-traded-funds with low expense ratios. Consider Vanguard, Fidelity, T. Rowe Price and discount brokerage firms.
--Inappropriate investment mix. When you retire, you will want a portfolio that is consistent with your retirement objectives. It is likely that you will need some consistent income and inflation protection? Determine how much recurring income you need from your retirement accounts, and you should be in a better position to determine what percentage of bonds you need in your portfolio, as well as the mix of common stocks. If you don't have expertise yourself, you may initially need the services of a fee-only financial planner.
--College expenses. The cost of colleges has increased dramatically, and many students expect significant financial support from parents. Help your children choose schools they can afford, and encourage them to get scholarships and other aid. Let them know ahead of time that, because you are planning for retirement, they should not depend on you to pay their college loans.
--Premature retirement. If you possibly can, retire later than you might otherwise intend. There are several advantages. You have more time to accumulate retirement funds. Your mortgage and credit-card debt will be smaller. You can postpone taking Social Security, which will increase the size of your benefit. Conversely, if you retire prior to 65, you will not yet be eligible for Medicare, and your health-care costs will likely be more than you anticipate.
--Poor budgeting and planning. It is important for both spouses to agree on retirement objectives. For example, how important is travel? How expensive are your planned retirement activities? If you plan in advance, you will know what your expenses will be in retirement. This will make it much easier for you to make other decisions, such as when and where to retire, and how much of an asset base you will need.
(Elliot Raphaelson welcomes your questions and comments at elliotraph@gmail.com .)
(c) 2014 ELLIOT RAPHAELSON. DISTRIBUTED BY TRIBUNE CONTENT AGENCY, LLC.

The best Nats selfies from the NL East celebration— Jose Lobaton (@JLobaton21) September 17, 2014
Can’t believe we get to share a moment like this together. Looking forward to a few more. WE ARE UD! @cstammen35 pic.twitter.com/9dOyuO78V7
— Jerry Blevins (@JerryBlevins_13) September 17, 2014
NL East Champs!! Wow…. Can’t describe how amazing this is! What a team! #Nats
— Aaron Barrett (@aaronbarrett30) September 17, 2014
DC….. LETS GOOOOO.
— Ian Desmond (@IanDesmond20) September 17, 2014
So proud to share this with this group of teammates, front office, and fan base. GO NATS!!! #unfinishedbusiness
— Jerry Blevins (@JerryBlevins_13) September 17, 2014
We are 2014 NL EAST CHAMPS! Plz no negativity from anybody tonight! For the people that really know me, know my love for Minnesota! #peace
— Denard Span (@thisisdspan) September 17, 2014
Dan Steinberg writes about all things D.C. sports at the D.C. Sports Bog.

Rupee appreciates in early trade on dollar sellingRupee jumps 13 paise vs dollar ahead of US Fed policy meet outcome
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 17, 2014  | 19:00 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The Indian rupee appreciated for the second day in a row and ended 13 paise higher at 60.92 against the Greenback following sustained dollar selling by exporters ahead of a decision on US interest rates by Federal Reserve .
A weak dollar overseas also aided the rupee rise while fresh sell-off by foreign funds in domestic stocks capped the currency's gains, forex dealers said.
Dealers added that they are awaiting the outcome of Federal Open Market Committee two-day policy meet, which began Wednesday. Consensus expectations are that Fed will keep interest rates low for a while.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the domestic currency commenced strong at 60.95 a dollar from last close of 61.05. It moved in a narrow range between 60.8750 and 61.03 before settling at 60.92, showing a rise of 13 paise or 0.21 per cent. Wednesday, it had gained 8 paise or 0.13 per cent.
For the seventh straight meeting, the Fed later tonight is expected to taper its bond buying program by $10 billion, bringing QE3 down to only $15 billion per month, experts said.
Meanwhile, the Indian equity benchmark S&P BSE Sensex on Wednesday recovered by 138.78 points, or 0.52 per cent, after two days of heavy fall. FPIs/FIIs withdrew $ 120.70 million Tuesday, as per Sebi data.
The dollar index was trading down by a mere 0.03 per cent against its major global rivals ahead of Fed outcome.
The Bank of England's (BoE) Monetary Policy Committee voted 7-2 at its September meeting to keep rates on hold and its quantitative-easing program unchanged, according to minutes released on Wednesday.

ONGC Falls; Gas Price Hike Seen DiscountedYou are here: Home Market
ONGC Falls; Gas Price Hike Seen Discounted
Reuters | Updated On: September 17, 2014 10:42 (IST)
Oil and Natural Gas Corp fell 0.1 per cent on Wednesday after reports said that government could deregulate diesel prices after state polls.
Traders added that stock has already priced in higher gas prices.
ONGC was up 40 per cent in 2014 as of Tuesday versus a 26 per cent gain in Nifty.
ONGC shares were trading up 0.12 per cent, at Rs 408.25 on BSE as of 10.39 a.m.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Eros Gains Ahead of Rival Shemaroo s IPOEros International Media gained 2.6 per cent on Wednesday.
Traders expect Eros shares to benefits after rival Shemaroo Entertainment Pvt's IPO is seen pricing at higher multiples.
Shemaroo's $19.67 million IPO is seen priced at 15-17 times of FY14 earnings, traders said.
Eros traded at 9.2 times its 12-month forward earnings, Thomson Reuters data showed.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Selling assets are good investment bets to pay off debtDipak Mondal      Follow @dipdown80    Edition: September 2014
(Photo: Reuters)
Many domestic companies (mostly midcaps and small-caps) are selling assets and raising equity to pay off debt. While the process has been on for some time, it has gathered momentum of late due to improvement in demand for industrial assets and rise in equity markets, which are ensuring that companies get good value for their assets.
Companies that have sold assets/new shares or plan to do it in the near future include Reliance Communication, Tata Steel , Jaiprakash Associates, Videocon and Ashok Leyland.
According to a Crisil report published on July 7, in the past 18 months, a total of 21 companies have announced 36 deals to sell assets/equity to raise Rs 80,000 crore, which is nearly a fifth of their debt.
"Expected policy reforms and buoyant capital market should lead to more such transactions. We expect companies to raise at least another Rs 60,000 crore in 2014-15," says the report.
Falling debt is good for a company's stock as it improves profitability by freeing up funds. So, as more and more companies line up to sell assets/equity, investors have an opportunity to make good money by buying their shares to cash in on a likely recovery.
HOW DEBT HITS PERFORMANCE
Suzlon Energy, a wind power generator, had a market cap of Rs 50,000 crore at the start of January 2008. The stock rose 192% from Rs 97 on 29 December 2006 to Rs 284 on 31 December 2007.
The same year, it started the process to acquire REpower, a German wind power company. It completed the acquisition in 2011. This proved to be expensive for Suzlon by making it borrow heavily. Its debt jumped 10 times from Rs 450 crore on 31 March 2006 to Rs 5,162 crore a year later. The interest cost increased from Rs 65 crore to Rs 276 crore during the period.
At the end of 2012-13, the consolidated debt stood at Rs 15,190 crore while interest cost was Rs 1,800 crore, more than its operating profit (sales minus expenditure).
The stock, which was at Rs 284 at the end of 2007, was at Rs 21.50 on July 30, down 92.5% in the past sixand-a-half years. The company's market cap shrunk from Rs 50,000 crore in January 2008 to Rs 6,000 crore on 31 July 2014.
This is not a one-off case. Over-leveraging has led to sharp deterioration in finances of a number of companies. This is especially true after the 2008 global financial crisis, which lowered India's economic growth and made sure that many companies found it difficult to service debt due to shrinking sales and margins.
Total debt of companies in the BSE 500 index (excluding banking and finance companies) was Rs 4.5 lakh crore on 31 March 2007. It rose five-fold to Rs 20 lakh crore till March 2013. The interest paid rose from Rs 22,000 crore to Rs 1.2 lakh crore.
Among the companies discussed above, as many as 68 (out of 400) have a debt-to-equity ratio of more than two, which means their borrowings are double their equity capital.
Many of these debt-ridden companies were once hailed as emerging stars (Suzlon Energy, GMR Infrastructure, GVK Power and Infrastructure, Jaiprakash Associates) on the corporate horizon. However, many are now struggling to service their debt; some are on the verge of insolvency. Many have opted for corporate debt restructuring, or CDR , under which banks ease the debt's terms and conditions (reduction of interest rate and increase in tenure).
"There has been a sharp rise in the number of companies opting for CDR in the past few years. Approved cases under the CDR mechanism, which caters to roughly 30% stressed debt in the country, have reached $60 billion, up 50% from last year," says Aman Chowdhury, chief executive, Cians Analytics.
Banks have also started facing the heat as companies show inability to service debt. The net non-performing assets, or NPAs, of commercial banks rose from Rs 19,000 crore in 2007 to Rs 94,000 crore in 2013. That's why the strongest push to sell assets has come from banks and other lenders.
WAYS OF RETIRING DEBT
Selling non-core assets seems to be one of the most popular avenues to reduce debt. For example, Jaiprakash Associates wants to sell non-core assets such as a cement factory and some real estate projects and thermal plants in 2014-15. A few months ago, Tata Steel sold its land in Borivali, Mumbai, to Oberoi Realty for Rs 1,155 core. GMR Infrastructure has sold two road projects this year; it is also likely to sell a 40% stake in Istanbul International Airport.
With the economy improving, companies are now getting better value for their assets, which is a big reason for the spike in the number of such deals.
"It's easy to get rid of high-cost assets when they are fetching a good price. Probably it is difficult for these companies to earn a good return on these assets and so they might as well sell them," says Deepak Shenoy, founder, Capitalmind, a research firm.
Another route for raising money to retire debt is sale of equity. Here, the company issues new shares through follow-on offer, private placement or offer for sale or OFS. The promoter's shareholding falls.
Recently, Reliance Communication raised Rs 4,800 crore by selling fresh shares. A part of the proceeds will be used to reduce debt, which stood at Rs 40,000 crore at the end of March. Similarly, Hindustan Construction Company plans to raise Rs 750 crore through private placement of shares.
With sentiment in equity markets turning positive and investors' risk appetite increasing, we may see a flurry of such equity issues. The Securities and Exchange Board of India has also eased norms for companies taking the OFS route.
The other ways of reducing debt are bringing in strategic investors at the project level, sale & leaseback and securitisation of receivables.
IMPACT ON STOCK PRICE
Debt is fine as long as the interest rate is less than what the company is earning from its assets. As interest rates rise and the company's return on assets goes down, interest payments can substantially bring down profit margins.
When a part of the debt is paid back, the total interest paid comes down and margins rise. This results in re-rating of the stock.
"As companies reduce debt from extreme levels and improve their debt-equity ratio, investors get confidence in their ability to service debt and deliver returns. For example, the recent issue by an oil services company, which led to 25% equity dilution, to repay high-cost debt translated into a 25% improvement in earnings, driven mainly by savings in interest payments," says S Krishna Kumar, head of equity, Sundaram Mutual Fund. 
Rs 80,000 crore is the value of assets/equity sold by 21 companies in the past 18 months, according to Crisil
Rs 60,000 crore is the worth of assets/equity likely to be sold in 2014-15
Valuations fall when debt increases without a commensurate rise in return on assets. So, when a company reduces debt, its valuations generally rise as investors factor in an improvement in fundamentals and reduced solvency risk.
"Try to understand it from the perspective of enterprise value, which is market cap plus debt minus cash. If a company has a market cap of Rs 2,000 crore and a debt of Rs 10,000 crore, then its enterprise value is Rs 12,000 crore. If it retires a debt of Rs 5,000 crore, the market cap (price*outstanding shares) may go up by that much," says Vinay Khattar, associate director and head of research, Edelweiss Financial Services.
TAKE BETS CAREFULLY
Shares of companies that are selling assets or issuing fresh equity to retire debt are good investments. This is because their prices jump sharply after the announcement. But the long-term performance of such companies is in doubt.
The reason for this is that some companies selling assets are heavily leveraged and the amount paid is too small in comparison to the total debt to have any meaningful impact on the stock over the long term. In some companies, the debt could be purely because of stuck projects. Besides, some companies are selling cash-generating assets, which may impact their cash flow, neutralising the impact of lower debt.
"For such companies (which are in debt due to stalled projects), equity dilution will not alter the balance sheet meaningfully. It makes more sense for these companies to tap the market as and when confidence in the macro environment improves and project bottlenecks are cleared," says S Krishna Kumar, head, equity, Sundaram Mutual Fund.
Manish Gupta, director, Crisil Ratings, says, "The extent of improvement in corporate credit profiles will be limited because asset sale also reduces the operating cash flow."
According to him, more than 90% completed transactions involved cash-generating assets. Even after the sale of assets & equity, the debt-to-EBITDA multiple of these companies is expected to improve only marginally from nearly nine times as on 31 March 2014 to just below eight times over the next one year. EBITDA is earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation.
Khattar of Edelweiss says some of these companies are good trading bets. But he says he will not advise people to stay invested in these stocks for long.
With sentiment in equity markets improving and many companies lining up share sales, it is to be seen if the markets are able to absorb all these equity issues.
According to PVK Mohan, head of equities, Principal Mutual Fund, investors have to be wary of the rush of new equity offers. "They must buy only quality issues."
RETIRING DEBT
- Suzlon Energy plans to raise about Rs 1,000 crore from sale of non-core assets in 2014-15. It has already raised more than Rs 700 crore by selling two non-core assets.
- Jaiprakash Associates plans to sell Rs 10,000 crore worth of assets in 2014-15. It has already sold assets worth Rs 15,000 crore in the second half of the previous financial year.
- Tata Steel has sold its Borivali land for Rs 1,155 crore and 4.37% stake in Titan Industries. It also plans to sell 50% stake in Dharma Port in Odisha.
- Reliance Communication has raised Rs 4,800 crore by selling fresh equity.
- GMR Infra has realised Rs 1,659 crore from sale of 40% stake in the Turkish Airport.
- Ashok Leyland has made close to Rs 400 crore by selling stake in IndusInd and Defiance Testing and Engineering Services Inc, USA
- Bharti Airtel has raised Rs 2,100 crore by selling a 4.5% stake in Bharti Infratel. It plans to sell 3,100 telecom towers in four African countries to Helios Towers.
- Lanco Infratech has sold 1,200 megawatt Udupi power plant in Karnataka to Adani Power for Rs 6,000 crore. Lanco will receive Rs 2,000 crore from the transaction, while Adani will acquire Udupi Power's Rs 4,000 crore debt.
WHY ASSET SALE MAY NOT ALWAYS WORK
- Proceeds from asset sale may be too small compared to the total debt to have any meaningful impact on the stock price.
- In some companies, debt can be due to stuck projects. In such a scenario, asset/equity sale may not have a significant impact on the stock performance.
- Some of the companies are selling cash-generating assets, which may impact their cash flow, neutralising the overall impact of the cut in debt.

35 Jadavpur University students held for protest over molestation caseCops rough up agitating Jadavpur varsity students
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Kolkata, September 17, 2014
First Published: 09:10 IST(17/9/2014) | Last Updated: 02:31 IST(18/9/2014)
Comments
The Jadavpur University campus turned into a battlefield with police descending on agitating students at the dead of Tuesday night, triggering extensive protest that snowballed into a massive rally on Wednesday afternoon. Even a section of the teachers joined the students to demand the removal of the vice chancellor who had asked for police help compounding an ongoing problem.
On Tuesday night blows, kicks and lathis rained freely on agitating students who had gheraoed VC, Abhijit Chakravarty, demanding drawing up a new committee to examine the allegation of sexual assault on a student of BA second year (history).
Female students, too, were not spared. Many alleged molestation by outsiders who sneaked in with police. Police also arrested 35 students from the spot. Five injured students were hospitalized at the neighbouring KPC Hospital.
The VC claimed the students would have killed him if the police did not arrive.
“This incident is comparable with the lathicharge on Mamata Banerjee and land agitators during her gherao of Singur BDO office on September 25, 2006,” said Tania Sarkar, an MA first year student. “Now, Mamata’s police is doing the same,” she rued.
CPI(M) put up a road blockade outside the campus in the afternoon. In the evening, students took out a rally as well.

Junk rallies as issuers lock in low costsJunk bond issuers lock in low costs
By Vivianne Rodrigues in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2fd343bc-3da7-11e4-8797-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Europe equities firm ahead of Fed callDollar rises sharply after Fed statement
By Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8a4091b0-3e1a-11e4-b782-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Keeping the nice days comingA somewhat subjective rating of the day’s weather, on a scale of 1 to 10.
10
What’s not to love about this repeating pattern of mild days and cool nights?
Express Forecast
Today: Mostly sunny. Highs: Mid-70s.
Tonight: Mostly to partly clear. Lows: 52-60.
Tomorrow: Clouds early? Trending mostly sunny. Highs: Low-to-mid 70s.
FORECAST IN DETAIL
D.C.’s average high falls to 79 today, and averages don’t leave the 70s until October 13. It’s a time of year that more often than not produces a ton of Chamber of Commerce type days. Of course, we come into this period already well acquainted with some of the best weather this area has to offer. Looking at what’s on tap in the days ahead, I can only hope future payback includes a massive blizzard or two this winter.
Today (Wednesday): Other than a spot of early a.m. fog, we’re staring down another September stunner. Skies are peppered with clouds mainly for effect, with a sunny feel predominating. Highs head for the mid-70s most spots, or a range of about 73-78, northwest to D.C. and southeast. Winds are light and variable, but switching more southerly as the day goes. Confidence : High
Tonight: Outdoor happy hour is sure to be packed as another perfect evening sets up shop. Keep in mind it does turn cool quick, with that ever-earlier sunset now creeping toward 7 p.m. Under mostly to partly clear skies, low temperatures make the low-and-mid 50s in the cool spots while probably hovering closer to 60 downtown. There could be an isolated shower as a cold front approaches after midnight. Winds are light from the south. Confidence: High
For related traffic news, check out Dr. Gridlock . Keep reading for the forecast through the weekend…
Tomorrow (Thursday): Take the last few days, then wash, rinse, and repeat. The front passing near sunrise sends a fresh batch of cool and dry air into the area. Other than some spotty clouds, it’s a rather sunny day. Highs? Low-to-mid 70s seems about right. It’ll be noticeably breezy with winds from the northwest… Let’s call it mood enhancing! Confidence: High
Tomorrow night: Under mostly clear skies, and coupled with light winds and dry air, a cool to even chilly night is ahead. The coolest suburbs have a date with the 40s, as lows range from about 47-53 across the area. You may want to watch out for some valley or river fog before and into sunrise. Confidence: Medium-High
September dusk at the Washington Monument. (Ian Livingston)
A LOOK AHEAD
The beat rolls on. I’m going to go ahead and issue the rare two days out Nice Day Stamp. Basically, Friday caps off the workweek with more sunshine and more amazing weather. Highs mainly head for the low 70s, with skies only dotted with clouds at times. It just might be worth skipping out of work early. Confidence: Medium-High
Saturday looks like a contender to keep the streak going. Rather than getting wild, let’s hold off on that stamp for now. There’s a chance for more clouds than recent days? Temperatures should remain pleasant, reaching the mid-to-upper 70s for highs. On Sunday, we may remember it’s kind of technically still summer. Highs should head for 80 or so across the area, with somewhat noticeable humidity. Another front approaches and it could bring showers, but it appears it will hold off till after dark. Confidence: Medium
Ian Livingston is a forecaster/photographer and information lead for the Capital Weather Gang. By day, Ian is a defense and national security researcher at a D.C. think tank.

Yes Bank Gains on ICRA Upgrade  Value BuyingYou are here: Home Market
Yes Bank Gains on ICRA Upgrade, Value Buying
Reuters | Updated On: September 17, 2014 14:50 (IST)
Yes Bank gained 2.1 per cent today vs flat performance in Bank Nifty.
Domestic rating agency ICRA upgraded Yes Bank's debt ratings for six categories.
ICRA cited Yes' "robust operating performance" and "ability to maintain strong asset quality" as the reasons for upgrade.
Value buying is also seen after the stock fell 9 per cent in the previous two sessions.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Apollo Hospitals Gains on Hetero PurchaseYou are here: Home Market
Apollo Hospitals Gains on Hetero Purchase
Reuters | Updated On: September 17, 2014 15:20 (IST)
Apollo Hospitals Enterprise gained 1.9 per cent today. Apollo said it said will buy pharmacy chain Hetero Med Solutions for Rs 146 crore ($23.94 million).
Deal value is cheaper than market speculation of Rs 300 crore, dealers said.
Acquisition achieves Apollo's guidance to increase pharmacies by around 300 in next two years.
(1 US dollar = 60.9850 rupees)
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

India home to 100 billionaires; 6th largest population globallySep 17, 2014 at 02:08pm IST
India home to 100 billionaires; 6th largest population globally
20
0
Singapore/New Delhi: India has retained its sixth position in terms of number of billionaires with 100 such people collectively having USD 175 billion in networth, while globally the number of uber-rich has reached a record high of 2,325 persons.
According to the Wealth-X and UBS Billionaire Census 2014, released on Wednesday, though the number of billionaires in the country has decreased over last year (in 2013 there were 103 billionaires) India still enjoys a decent 6th position (same as last year) in the top 10 league.
Interestingly, India has more number of billionaires than Switzerland, Hong Kong and France among others.
Mumbai with 28 billionaires is among the top 20 'billionaire cities' globally, which was topped by New York which is home to 103 billionaires.
#india #billionaires #mumbai #united states
Moreover, the country's financial capital Mumbai, with 28 billionaires is among the top 20 'billionaire cities' globally, which was topped by New York which is home to 103 billionaires.
On the top 40 billionaire countries/territories list, the United States maintained its position as the world's top billionaire country with a population of 571 billionaires in 2014, followed by China (190) and the United Kingdom (130) in the second and third position respectively.
According to the the report, which looks at the global billionaire population from July 2013 to June 2014, India's billionaire population has decreased by 3 per cent to 100 and the total billionaire wealth has fallen by USD 5 billion to USD 175 billion.
However, the world's population of billionaires continues to grow.
The global billionaire population reached a record 2,325 with the addition of 155 new billionaires in 2014, registering a rise of 7 per cent from 2013.
"The combined wealth of the world's billionaires increased by 12 per cent to USD 7.3 trillion, which is higher than the combined market capitalisation of all the companies that make up the Dow Jones Industrial Average," the report said.
Europe, with 775 billionaires, is the region with the most billionaires and billionaire wealth (USD 2.37 trillion), while, Asia boasted the largest billionaire wealth increase, with the region's billionaires' fortunes growing by 18.7 per cent over the past year.
"The region (Asia) is responsible for 30 per cent of the net increase in global billionaire wealth in 2014. Asia's billionaire population grew by 10 per cent in 2014, with 52 new entrants into the billionaire club out of which 33 are from China," the report said.
3

Some protestors who turned violent were outsiders  claims Jadavpur University V-C13
0
Kolkata: Hours after clashes at the Jadavpur University over the alleged molestation of a student, Vice Chancellor Abhijit Chakraborty has claimed that there were some outsiders in the group of students who protested. His claims came after students alleged that policemen and teachers and staff, who are TMC supporters, beat up the protesters.
"We were having an internal committee meeting when the students turned violent. Most of the faces were not familiar. Some teachers say they are outsiders, they turned violent," Chakraborty said.
Thirty-five students from the Jadavpur University have been arrested after they held massive protests on campus on Tuesday night over the alleged molestation of a female student two weeks ago. The students surrounded the Vice Chancellor of the university alleging that the internal probe being conducted by the university on the case was unfair.
#jadavpur university #protests #violence #molestation
The police resorted to lathicharge to break the protests. More than 30 students have been injuredafter the clashes.
"We demand that the police release all those students who are arrested as they are innocent. We also demand that after such an incident, the Vice Chancellor must resign," a student said.
The protests came after a woman student was allegedly dragged to the men's hostel and sexually assaulted by a group of ten men after a college fest. The incident happened in August and was reported in the first week of September.
89

Saradha scam: Ex-Assam DGP Sankar Barua  quizzed by CBI  found deadCBI
(Barua's name got linked…)
GUWAHATI: Former Assam Director General of Police Shankar Barua, quizzed recently by CBI in connection with Saradha scam, allegedly shot himself dead at his residence today.
Guwahati Senior Superintendent of Police A P Tiwari told PTI that Barua was rushed to a local nursing home at around 12 noon and was declared dead there.
''Barua is no more. We are investigating. We cannot say anything now. Only after the investigation we can talk about details,'' Tiwari said.
Barua's body has been sent for post-marten. He was admitted to another hospital last week after he complained of heart problems and was released from there this morning.
''He came home and within half an hour he went to the terrace and shot himself with a pistol. He was immediately rushed to a nearby hospital by family members,'' a close family member said.
Barua's name got linked with the scam after an employee of Saradha's media house here alleged last year that he had provided 'protection' to them in Assam which was arranged by popular Assamese singer and filmmaker Sadananda Gogoi on behalf of the group.
Gogoi was taken to Kolkata by CBI for further questioning and was subsequently arrested on September 12.
CBI had conducted raids on 12 premises on August 28 in connection with the multi crore rupees ponzi scheme scam. The raids were carried out at the residences of two former Assam ministers, including that of former health minister Himanta Biswa Sarma, Barua and Gogoi, among others.
FEATURED ARTICLES

IndiGo Signs $2.6 Billion Aircraft Finance Deal with China LenderYou are here: Home Corporates
IndiGo Signs $2.6 Billion Aircraft Finance Deal with China Lender
Reuters | Updated On: September 17, 2014 15:51 (IST)
Apple $450 Million E-book Settlement Gets Final Court Approval
IndiGo has signed a $2.6 billion deal with Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (ICBC) for the lender to finance more than 30 new aircraft, the company said in a statement on Wednesday.
Under the memorandum of understanding, ICBC will provide IndiGo, India's largest airline by market share, with financing for the planes through either a sale and lease back or commercial lending deal, the statement quoted IndiGo President Aditya Ghosh as saying.
The announcement comes on the day Chinese President Xi Jinping arrived in India, where the two countries are expected to sign trade and investment deals worth billions of dollars.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

`India to produce surplus sugar for 5th straight year``India to produce surplus sugar for 5th straight year`
Sebi to float discussion paper on reducing FPO time lineSebi to float discussion paper on reducing FPO time line
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Sep 17, 2014 03:00 PM IST
To elicit views from diverse stakeholders, capital market regulator Sebi will come out with a discussion paper on reducing the time line for follow-on public offers.
The proposal for a discussion paper also comes at a time when many public sector companies are gearing up for stake sale as part of government's ambitious disinvestment programme.
"We have received representations that FPO time line should be reduced. We are still examining (the issue) and we will come out with a discussion paper for public at large. It will take some time," Sebi Chairman U K Sinha said today.
He was speaking at an event organised by industry body CII here.
FPO and Offer for Sale (OFS) are seen as preferred routes for selling stakes in public sector companies.
In the current fiscal, the government aims to garner more than Rs 43,425 crore through disinvestment.
However, Sinha said that there is no proposal to change Sebi (Securities and Exchange Board of India) norms for FPOs with respect to retail investors quota.
"If you are asking whether Sebi rules are going to be changed for FPOs, there is nothing on the plate as of now but if an issuer wants to allocate more to retail investors, it is possible," he noted.
In an FPO, at least 35% should be allocated to retail investors.
"As an issuer, if you decide to have 100% (quota) for retail (investors) there is nothing in Sebi laws prevents you," Sinha said.
On changes made in corporate governance norms, Sinha said the regulator has extended the deadline for induction of at least one woman director on a listed company's board to April 1, 2015.
The norm was to come into force from October 1 this year.
"We have done it because the Ministry of Corporate Affairs guidelines towards this end has also been extended. We felt that it is better in at least this matter to synchronise with what the Ministry of Corporate Affairs has done," he noted.
Regarding a query on implementation of IFRS norms, Sinha said the government and regulators are working to ensure that they are implemented within the proposed time frame.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, in his Budget speech on July 10, had said there was an urgent need to converge the current Indian accounting standards with IFRS.
"I propose for adoption of the new Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) by the Indian companies from the financial year 2015-16 voluntarily and from the financial year 2016-17 on a mandatory basis," he had said.
Meanwhile, responding to a query on whether trading time for currency derivatives would be extended, Sinha said Sebi, RBI and the government are discussing the matter.

Thawar Chand Gehlot assured a quick decision in Salman Khurshid s NGO caseNow Showing: Masand reviews 'Happy Ending', 'Dumb And Dumber To'
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Union Minister Harsh Vardhan congratulates Network18 journalist for saving over 300 lives during J&K floodsSep 17, 2014 at  03:39pm IST
Union Minister Harsh Vardhan congratulates Network18 journalist for saving over 300 lives during J&K floods
2
0
New Delhi: Union Health Minister Harsh Vardhan congratulated Network 18 journalist Riffat Abdullah for saving more than 300 lives in the flood-ravaged Jammu and Kashmir.
Vardhan tweeted, "Touched by reports of Network 18 journalist Riffat Abdullah's bravery during Srinagar floods which led to 300+ lives being saved. Keep it up."
More than 200 people lost their lives in the worst floods witnessed by the state in six decade. The joint effort by the Army, Indian Air Force and the National Disaster Response Force saved over two lakh people.
Health Minister Harsh Vardhan
#jammu and kashmir #jammu and kashmir floods #floods #harsh vardhan
As the flood water has started receding, the apprehension for water-borne diseases is rising and now demand for filtered water has increased, PRO Defence Col SD Goswami said.
While the rescue efforts continue, the state's economy has been hit hard by the devastating floods. According to initial estimates of industry body Assocham, the floods have caused an immediate loss of Rs 5400-Rs 5700 crore to the state's economy.
The initial estimated loss to hotel, trade, agriculture, road and bridges itself is of Rs 2,630 crore. High-cost infrastructure like railways, power and communication have suffered a loss of about Rs 2700- Rs 3000 Crore.
Touched by reports of Network 18 journalist Riffat Abdullah's bravery during Srinagar floods which led to 300+ lives being saved.Keep it up.
— Dr. Harsh Vardhan (@drharshvardhan) September 16, 2014
3

PM Narendra Modi pitches for schemes to make poor self-reliantE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Piramal to sell diagnostics equipment trading unit to DiaSysPiramal to sell diagnostics equipment trading unit to DiaSys
BS Reporter | Mumbai Sep 17, 2014 04:18 PM IST
Piramal Enterprises, which sold out major pharma business to Abbott and ceased its drug discovery operations, is selling its diagnostics equipment trading unit to German firm DiaSys Diagnostics Pvt Ltd for Rs 13 crore.
The firm said it would also be transferring related technology for a consideration of Rs 0.03 crore.
"This business is a trading business, comprising buying selling of diagnostics equipments, serving large pathological laboratories. It does not form part of the core manufacturing activity of the company, nor does it involve any material patented products. It comprises a small portion (about 1%) of the company's consolidated business," the statement said.
 

Stock futures mixed ahead of Fed meetingFutures mixed as investors await Fed on rates
By: William Cummings September 17, 2014 7:45 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Stock futures were mixed Wednesday as Wall Street investors remain focused on Janet Yellen ahead of the Federal Reserve chair’s announcement Wednesday afternoon of the results of the Fed’s two-day September meeting.
Here is where stock stood ahead of the opening bell (last updated 7:45 a.m.):
Dow: + 0.04%
S&P 500: + 0.01%
Nasdaq: – 0.07%
Asian markets were mixed, with Japan’s Nikkei 225 losing 22.86 points, or 0.1%, to close at 15,888.67 while Hong Kong’s Hang Seng index climbed 240.4 points, or 1%, to 24,376.41 and the Shanghai Composite gained 11.34 points, or 0.5%, to 2307.89.
European markets were mostly higher as  Germany’s DAX rose 0.4% and France’s CAC 40 gained 0.7%. Britain’s FTSE 100 was flat ahead of Thursday’s Scotland vote for independence.

Indo-China ties will change the world s outlook  says businessmenNow Showing: Masand reviews 'Happy Ending', 'Dumb And Dumber To'
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Modi: Design policies that make poor self-reliantPrime Minister Narendra Modi at the launch of 11 welfare schemes of the Gujarat Government at Mahatma Mandir in Gandhinagar on Wednesday.
PM launches 11 welfare schemes for women, labourers and artisans
Gandhinagar, Sept 17:  
On his birthday, Prime Minister Narendra Modi expressed the need to form policies that make the poor and downtrodden self-reliant and allow them the opportunity to live with dignity. This, according to Modi, will ultimately make the country proud.
Addressing a function held by the State Government at Mahatma Mandir in Gandhinagar, Modi said “unfortunately” previous Governments ran schemes and programmes that made the poor more dependent instead of making them self-reliant.
“If there were no Government schemes, they (poor) get no work and starve. Can we not change this situation? All that the poor need is an opportunity. That will make them self-reliant and ultimately make them proud of themselves. The self-respect of this country depends on the self-respect of each of the 125 crore people of India,” he told the gathering at ‘Swavalamban Abhiyan programme’, where he launched 11 schemes for making women, the youth and the poor of the State self-reliant.
The 11 schemes include financial assistance to women members of milk cooperatives for procurement of equipment and setting up of ‘Dudh Ghar’. Schemes were also launched for financial assistance to labourers for sickness expenses, building houses and interest subsidy to young entrepreneurs and artisans.
Modi also launched a scheme for distributing tablets to students who have opted for computer courses at Industrial Training Institutes (ITIs). About 1,000 students from across the State will benefit from the scheme.
The Prime Minister also noted women’s role in Gujarat’s successful milk revolution. He said the schemes announced by the Gujarat Government would empower women and give them financial independence.
“Gujarat has earned a reputation in the dairy and milk cooperative sector. It is the hard work of women which has made it possible. These women, who own 20-40 cows each, are at the root of Gujarat’s success in milk revolution,” Modi said in his address.
After becoming Prime Minister, this was Modi’s first visit to Mahatma Mandir, which was his brain-child and one of the ambitious projects that he personally took interest in. Farmers, labourers and young men and women from across the State attended the function and greeted Modi on his birthday.
Gujarat Governor O P Kohli and Chief Minister Anandiben Patel, along with senior ministers and Government officials, were present at the event.
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

Rupee Ends at 60.92  Gaining for Second Day on Fed Rate HopesYou are here: Home Forex
Rupee Ends at 60.92, Gaining for Second Day on Fed Rate Hopes
Reuters | Updated On: September 17, 2014 17:33 (IST)
Dollar Hits Seven-Year High vs Yen Ahead of Fed Minutes
The rupee gained for a second consecutive session on Wednesday, tracking other Asian currencies, on expectations the Federal Reserve would not move to hike interest rates at the end of its meeting later in the day.
Emerging markets were also helped by news that China's central bank is injecting a combined 500 billion yuan ($81.35 billion) of liquidity into the country's top banks to shore up a faltering economy.
Although the rupee had touched a one-month low on Monday, it has fallen the least among major Asian currencies in September, indicating improved resilience against fears of a wind-down in monetary stimulus by the US central bank.
The rupee has shed 0.69 per cent this month, compared with falls of 0.88 to 2 per cent for the Indonesian Rupiah, Korean Won, Malaysian Ringgit, Phillipine Peso and Thai Baht, according to Thomson Reuters data.
"Most expectations from the Fed meet have already been discounted at current levels. We see the rupee trading between 60.90 and 61.10 in the near term," said Vishweshwara M, assistant general manager, treasury, at Karnataka Bank in Mumbai.
The partially convertible rupee ended at 60.92/93 per dollar, compared to its close of 61.0550/0650 on Tuesday.
Foreign funds were spotted selling dollars earlier on Wednesday, having bought debt and shares worth nearly $3 billion in September so far, as per regulatory data.
The Fed is expected to offer fresh clues later in the day on when it plans to begin lifting interest rates and how quickly it will move. The Wall Street Journal's Fed watcher Jon Hilsenrath said the central bank would keep the words "considerable time" in its policy statement, although it might qualify them.
Expectations over the Federal Reserve's move also lifted Indian shares on Wednesday, with the 50-share Nifty closing 0.54 per cent higher.
In the offshore non-deliverable forwards PNDF, the one-month contract was at 61.25/30 while the three-month contract was at 61.85/95.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Festive Season Offers: Nissan India Announces DiscountsFestive Season Offers: Nissan India Announces Discounts
IndiGo agrees $2.6 bn jet finance deal with China s ICBCIndiGo agrees $2.6 bn jet finance deal with China s ICBC
Vikas GlobalOne to hold EGMVikas GlobalOne to hold EGM
Emami declares interim dividendTweet
Kolkata, Sept 17:  
The Emami Ltd Board on Wednesday recommended an interim dividend of 400 per cent for FY 2014-15. The interim of dividend of Rs 4 a share for Re 1 share would see an outgo Rs 106 crore, including dividend tax.
“The Board of Directors has declared this interim dividend in view of the continuing strong financial performance by the company”, said Mohan Goenka, Director of the company said in a statement.
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

FinMin finalises premium payment for life cover under PMJDYFinMin finalises premium payment for life cover under Jan Dhan Yojana
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Sep 18, 2014 12:48 AM IST
The finance ministry, in consultation with the Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) has finalised the arrangement for payment of premium towards life insurance cover under the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana.
It has been decided to set aside Rs 50 crore from the Social Security Fund, managed by LIC and worth about Rs 1,800 crore, sources said.
This would be a revolving fund and LIC would manage it, sources said, adding that Finance Minister Arun Jaitley is likely to approve the arrangement soon.
A Social Security Fund (SSF) was set up in 1988-89 for providing social security through group insurance schemes to the weaker and vulnerable sections of society. The SSF is administered by LIC for meeting insurance requirements of the segment.
Under the Jan Dhan Yojana,  anyone who opens an account before January 26, 2015, would get Rs 30,000 life insurance cover. This benefit was added by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi when he launched the scheme on August 28.
Under the scheme, banks have opened 30.2 million accounts as of September 8, 2014, and mobilised about Rs 1,500 crore. Of the total accounts opened, 18.9 million are in rural areas and 11.3 million are in urban areas.
Banks have collected deposits of Rs 1,496.51 crore under the scheme so far which works out to Rs 495 per account.
In order to spread financial inclusion, banks have been asked to open 75 million accounts by January 26.
The scheme envisages to provide one account to 150 million unbanked households across the country in the first phase. For this, banks have been asked to set up camps from 8 AM to 8 PM on every Saturday to facilitate the opening of accounts.
Two helplines — 1800-180-111 and 1800-110-001 — have been set up to answer queries related to the scheme.
The new scheme, sources said, is a significant improvement over the UPA's financial inclusion programme. The earlier scheme had no focus on households and no emphasis was given on urban financial inclusion, according to some experts. Besides, they maintained there was a cumbersome Know Your Customer (KYC) formality, restricting account opening.
Other deficiencies cited include lack of credit disbursement and 47 per cent of business correspondents being untraceable, resulting in inactive accounts.
The new scheme, sources said, has tried to address all the possible deficiencies and its monitoring would be done at state and district levels.
The 'mission mode' approach has been envisaged with the finance minister as head of the mission.

Volatility set for a Friday peakVolatility set for a Friday peak
By Jamie Chisholm
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/500f261a-3e3c-11e4-a620-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

MWAA board slated to meet WednesdayBy Lori Aratani September 17 Follow @loriara
After an August hiatus, the Metropolitan Washington Airports Authority’s Board of Directors is slated to meet Wednesday with an agenda that includes an update on the Silver Line rail project and the latest air traffic statistics.
Charles Stark, the new executive director of the Silver Line rail project, is expected to make his first appearance before the board. Stark, barely two weeks into his job, replaced Pat Nowakowski, who left to head the Long Island Rail Road. Stark may face questions from the board regarding reports that the second phase of the rail project will have to be redesigned to comply with  new environmental laws regarding stormwater management. In an interview Tuesday with The Washington Post, Stark said he did not expect the expense to add to the second phase’s overall cost.
“We don’t have an exact number, but I don’t see an overrun at this point,” he said.
I’ll be live tweeting highlights from the board meeting (@loriara), which is slated to begin at 8 a.m. with the Strategic Planning and Development Committee meeting in executive session. The regular board of directors meeting is scheduled to begin at 9:45 a.m.
 
Lori Aratani writes about how people live, work and play in the D.C. region for The Post’s Transportation and Development team.

Buy JK Tyre; target of Rs 461: Angel BrokingLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy JK Tyre; target of Rs 461: Angel Broking
Angel Broking is bullish on JK Tyre and Industries and has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target of Rs 461 in its September 16, 2014 research report.
Post your opinion here
Angel Broking's report on JK Tyre and Industries
"The automotive OEM segment has shown recovery in the last two to three months due to improved consumer sentiment post the election of a stable government at the centre. Passenger vehicles reported a double digit growth in YTD FY2015, while the MHCV segment has also showed positive growth in the last two months. We expect OEM sales to recover in FY2015. Also, the replacement segment is expected to see improvement given better fleet utilization. We expect JK Tyre to report a CAGR of 9% in revenues over FY2014-16 as compared to 5% growth in the FY2012-14 period."
"We expect JK Tyre to report a CAGR of 9% in revenues over FY2014-16E given the improvement in domestic demand, strong export outlook and improvement in Mexican subsidiary Tornel. Further, we expect margin improvement on back of soft rubber prices and operating leverage due to improved capacity utilization. We expect operating profit to grow at a CAGR of 9% over FY2014-16. We initiate coverage on JK Tyre with a Buy recommendation and target price of `461 (based on 6x FY2016E earnings). The target multiple is at a discount of 40% to Apollo Tyres (in line with the historical average)", says Angel Broking research report.
For all recommendations, click here
 
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
 
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Odisha to demand Rs 800 cr under R-APDRP for pvt discomsOdisha to demand Rs 800 cr under R-APDRP for private discoms
BS Reporter | Bhubaneswar Sep 17, 2014 08:18 PM IST
The state government will demand an assistance of Rs 800 crore from the Centre under the Restructured Accelerated Power Development and Reform Programme (R-APDRP).
The assistance will be sought for three Reliance Infrastructure controlled power distribution companies (discoms), North Eastern Electricity Supply Company of Odisha Ltd (Nesco), Western Electricity Supply Company of Odisha Ltd (Wesco) and Southern Electricity Supply Company of Odisha Ltd (Southco). “We will raise the demand for R-APDRP assistance at the meet of state power ministers going to be held towards the end of this month. The state government will demand Rs 800 crore for Nesco, Wesco and Southco,” said state energy minister Pranab Prakash Das.
Das had recently demanded extension of R-APDRP assistance in favour of Nesco, Wesco and Southco.
A senior government official said, “The central power ministry has agreed in principle to provide R-APDRP assistance to the three discoms.” The state government, however, would be the prime agency to guarantee proper utilisation of the fund in the interest of consumers. It may be noted that Power Finance Corporation (PFC) recently released Rs 79.21 crore for implementation of the R-APDRP scheme by another distribution firm, Central Electricity Supply Utility (Cesu). The release of funds fulfilled a long-standing demand of the state government which has been clamouring for the Central assistance all these years. But since the electricity distribution business was privatised in the state, the discoms could not avail the funds.
However, Cesu was an exception since the utility is being managed by state power regulator Odisha Electricity Regulatory Commission (OERC). But the Union power ministry had stipulated a condition that the money provided under R-APDRP will be routed through the state government. The funds released by PFC will be used in operational areas of Cesu covering Bhubaneswar, Cuttack, Dhenkanal, Angul, Puri, Jagatsinghpur, Kendrapara, Khurda, Jatni, Paradeep, Pattamundai and Talcher.
R-APDRP aims at upgrading the transmission and distribution network, including energy accounting and metering in the urban areas having population of more than 30,000. The state government has identified 12 such towns that meet the criteria. The funding for all these towns has been estimated at Rs 410 crore.
This includes Rs 190 crore receivable from the Centre and the residual Rs 220 crore to be raised by Cesu as counterpart funding. Implementation of the R-APDRP scheme is expected to trim the steep aggregate technical & commercial (AT&C) losses in Odisha. While many states had been able to contain their AT&C losses at 25 per cent by availing assistance under R-APDRP, Odisha is still reeling under high AT&C loss.

Ready to quit Hyderabad metro rail project if issues not resolved: L&Tready to quit hyderabad metro rail project if issues not resolved: l&t
Gold prices fall by Rs 60 on sluggish demandGold, silver prices fall on subdued demand
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 17, 2014  | 18:59 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
After two days of gains, gold prices fell by Rs 60 to close at Rs 27,400 per 10 gram in the national capital on Wednesday due to slackened demand from jewellers and retailers, amid absence of cues from global markets.
Silver also lacked necessary follow-up support from industrial units and coin makers and shed Rs 110 to Rs 41,490 per kg.
Bullion merchants said subdued demand from jewellers and retailers in view of the ongoing "Sharads", considered to be an inauspicious fortnight for making new purchases, weighed on gold and silver prices .
In the national capital, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity fell by Rs 60 each to Rs 27,400 and Rs 27,200 per 10 gram, respectively.
It had gained Rs 90 in the previous two sessions.
Sovereign, however, remained unaltered at Rs 24,400 per piece of eight gram in limited deals.
Globally, gold traded a shade higher at US $1,235.40 an ounce in Singapore.
Similarly, silver ready declined by Rs 110 to Rs 41,490 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 190 to Rs 41,350 per kg. The white metal had gained Rs 350 in last two days.
Silver coins settled around previous level of Rs 71,000 for buying and Rs 72,000 for selling of 100 pieces.

Dell announces new Optiplex Micro desktop PCs for businessesOptiPlex 9020 Micro is ideal for environments where space is limited and security is a priority, while the OptiPlex 3020 Micro provides essential business class performance in a compact unit.
Tech Desk | New Delhi | Posted: September 17, 2014 6:48 pm
Dell India has launched its OptiPlex 9020 and 3020 Micro desktop PCs. Dell claims that the OptiPlex Micro can be used in spaces that users would never imagine the traditional desktop fitting into.
The new OptiPlex Micro starts at Rs. 26,799 (Ubuntu) and Rs. 35,399 (Win 8 Pro).
OptiPlex 9020 Micro is ideal for environments where space is limited and security is a priority, while the OptiPlex 3020 Micro provides essential business class performance in a compact unit. The OptiPlex Micro 3020 & 9020 desktop comes with six options: Vertical Stand, VESA Wall Mount, VESA Under Desk Mount, Dual VESA Mount, Behind Monitor Mount and Console with ODD.
Te OptiPlex Micro PCs rely on a range of processors that include 4th Generation Intel Core i5 processors with Intel Integrated Graphics. The OptiPlex 3020 can support two displays with DisplayPort and VGA connectivity. OptiPlex Micro offers a choice of E & P series and UltraSharp displays that are available in various sizes to meet your customer’s need. The energy-efficient Dell P2214H Monitor featuring a large 21.5-inch display with 1920×1080 (Full HD) resolution, integrated USB hub, and full stand adjustability.
It also offers extended connectivity to connect to external devices and transfer data quickly with four USB 3.0 and two USB 2.0 ports. Connections to projectors and external monitors are done with a VGA output. The OptiPlex 3020 also enables connections through a global headset jack, audio out, DisplayPort, RJ-45 and comes with up to 8 GB of memory 1600MHz DDR3.
The OptiPlex Micro desktops offer the optional feature of Dell Data Protection for encryption. This optional feature protects data across all endpoints, including external media, self-encrypting drives and in public cloud storage. Additionally Dell Data Protection provides security tools including pre-installed software which provides security and identity protection through authentication support for Windows passwords, fingerprint readers and self-encrypting drives. The devices are also available with a chassis intrusion detection switch which aids in quickly and easily identifying whether someone has accessed the interior of the OptiPlex Micro PC.

UK distributor acquires rights to Bhopal tragedy filmPress Trust of India | Los Angeles | Posted: September 17, 2014 6:38 pm
Revolver Entertainment has acquired North American rights to the Martin Sheen-starrer ‘Bhopal: A Prayer For Rain’, set against the backdrop of the devastating 1984 Bhopal tragedy in India.
More than 10,000 people died in what’s known as the world’s biggest industrial disaster when the Union Carbide India Limited pesticide plant overheated and released poisonous toxins into the air, reported Deadline.
Sheen stars alongside Kal Penn and Mischa Barton in the the GFM Films, Sahara Movie Studios, and Rising Star Entertainment story about those living in Bhopal through the tragedy and its unresolved aftermath.
The distributor has set a November 7 theatrical release preceded by a special September 18 screening at the United Nations, timed ahead of the 30th anniversary of the disaster.
“It is our endeavour to tell stories that go beyond the call of the box office, and we sincerely hope that this film will inspire greater corporate social responsibility and empower individuals to act on compelling issues that drive our society,” said Ravi Walia, Rising Star Entertainment.

Everest is about a girls ambition: Ashutosh GowarikerPress Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: September 17, 2014 6:11 pm
‘Lagaan’ filmmaker Ashutosh Gowariker is venturing into television with upcoming show ‘Everest’, which is about a daughter’s determination to gain her father’s acceptance by climbing the highest mountain peak.
The director said his love for the medium lured him to sit on the producer’s chair and write the show. The Star Plus show has been co-directed by Glenn Baretto and Ankush Mohla.
“The main story is to climb the Everest. The different camps at various levels, the first frostbite, the high blood pressure and also the entry to the death zone,” Gowariker said in a group interview.
“We take it for granted that a male will conquer Everest. But through this show I am exploring the girl child issue, equal rights and how determination can help,” he said.
The director said being used to writing his movies, he found it hard to pen a story for television.
“As a film director I have spoiled myself. I wrote the story of ‘Everest’ and while finishing that I realised that I wanted to produce the show and I needed experts who could direct it.
Normally on television when you write a show, you write for a few episodes and then you wait for the audience’s reaction. Based on the reaction, you make changes and write the rest of the show. But for ‘Everest’ I had to write the entire show at one go,” he said.
The cast of the show is comparatively new apart from two big names Milind Gunanji and Rajat Kapoor. Gowariker said the main criteria for the actors to be a part of the show was their fitness regime.
“The first thing which I looked into was the age of the actors and their physical fitness. All of them had to go through an altitude test. Because physically you might be fit but mentally you may not be that strong in that higher altitude,” he said.
The shooting of the show took place in Nepal, Uttarakhand, Pokhran and Jaipur. It talks about the ambitions of climbing the Everest from a female perspective.
When asked about his favourite shows on Indian TV, Gowariker said he was a huge admirer of ‘Bigg Boss’.
“I love to watch television shows and don’t have any problem with the Saas-Bahu genre. But my favourite show is ‘Bigg Boss’. No one can take away the remote from my hand when it is on. What I like about the show is the changing personalities of the contestants every night. That creates a characterisation tool,” he said.

Main witness in Badaun case fails lie detector test: CBIBadaun: In the first twist, forensic evidence based on DNA tests conducted by the agency ruled out any sexual assault on the two teenageres.
PTI | New Delhi | Posted: September 17, 2014 5:56 pm | Updated: September 17, 2014 9:44 pm
Adding a new twist to the   Badaun alleged gangrape case   the CBI said on Wednesday that the prime witness — an associate of the families of the two cousins who were killed and “like an uncle” to them — had failed the lie detector test. This comes a month after the fathers of the two girls also failed the polygraph test.
“The lie detector report of the main witness (Nazru) has been received. The report indicated certain alleged inconsistencies in his statements,” said a CBI spokesperson.
It was on the basis of Nazru’s statement that the police registered a case and arrested five persons — three brothers and two constables. It was alleged that the two girls had been raped and murdered.
Nazru alias Babu Ram told investigators that on the evening of May 27, when he went to his fields on the outskirts of the village, he saw the youngest of the three accused brothers dragging the two girls. He claimed he could not identify three other people in the group. He said when he tried to rescue the girls, the accused overpowered him and threatened to shoot him.
CBI officials also said on Wednesday that a mobile phone was recovered from Nazru, although he had earlier denied its existence. “His mobile phone… has been recovered by the CBI. It has been sent for experts’ examination,” said the CBI spokesperson. Officials said the phone would be examined to check his call record before the incident and also to analyse if any data has been deleted.
CBI   sources said while the polygraph or lie detector test found that Nazru did go to the spot and saw the girls with the youngest accused brother, there were several inconsistencies on “key questions” about his version of events that transpired thereafter.
In his statement, Nazru claimed that he ran back to the village and alerted the girls’ families, after which they launched a search for the cousins. However, the accused, who were released on bail in the first week of September, said that Nazru engaged in a scuffle, after which he took the girls with him.
The girls, aged 14 and 15 years, were found hanging from a mango tree near the fields in the early hours of May 28. On August 18, CBI officials said forensic evidence from the reports of the Centre for DNA and Fingerprinting and Diagnostics (CDFD) in Hyderabad “ruled out sexual assault on both the girls”, contradicting the May 28 post-mortem done at the district hospital in Badaun which said that “perineal findings were suggestive of rape.”
The five accused got bail after completing 90 days in judicial custody, when CBI said they will not be continued…

Pennsylvania Cop ShooterSuspect in Pennsylvania Cop Shooting Is a Sharpshooting Survivalist
Sep 16, 2014, 4:46 PM ET
Eric Matthew Frein, is seen here in a police mug shot from the Pennsylvania Department of Transportation.
Pennsylvania Department of Transportation
Share
Copy
The suspect in the shooting of two Pennsylvania state troopers is a sharpshooting survivalist who specifically targeted cops and was out for mass murder , authorities said.
He's a skilled shooter who "doesn't miss," his father, a retired U.S. Army Major, told police. The father also told police that he was missing two weapons, a .308 rifle with a scope and an AK-47, according to court documents released today.
Suspect Eric Matthew Frein, 31, from Canadensis, Pa., practices survivalism -- the ability to survive without the help of government or society, and often storing food and guns, Pennsylvania police said today. Police who searched his home found a copy of a book entitled Sniper Training and Employment, according to the court documents.
State Trooper Killed, Another Injured Outside Pennsylvania Barracks
"He has made statements about wanting to kill law enforcement officers and also to commit mass acts of murder," State Police Commissioner Frank Noonan said at a news conference when he revealed Frein's name. "What his reasons are, we don't know. But he has very strong feelings about law enforcement and seems to be very angry with a lot of things that go on in our society."
He had camouflage face paint, a black hooded sweatshirt, empty rifle cases and military gear in a vehicle, police said.
Frein's father, E. Michael Frein, told police he served in the military for 28 years and had trained his son how to shoot. The father told police that his son was a member of the rifle team in high school and that the son became a better shot than the father.
Courtesy Pennsylvania State Police
PHOTO: One trooper was killed and another was injured in a shooting at the State Police Barracks in Blooming Grove Township, Pa., Sept. 12, 2014.
Now a massive manhunt is on in the rural forest area of eastern Pennsylvania to find Frein, who was charged today with first-degree murder, homicide of a law enforcement officer and other offenses. Police describe him as approximately 165 pounds, about 6-feet-1, and with blue eyes.
Noonan said he is still armed with the .308-caliber rifle he allegedly shot the troopers with on the barracks late Friday and is "extremely dangerous."
"We have no idea where he is," Noonan said.
Cpl. Bryon Dickinson, 38, was killed and Trooper Alex Douglass, 31, was wounded when a gunman opened fire during a shift change before slipping away, police said.
Lt. Col. George Biven addressed the shooter directly at a separate news conference on Monday.
"You're a coward," Bivens said. "You committed this spineless act and you did it from a place of hiding and then ran."
A resident who was walking his dog two miles from the barracks spotted a vehicle submerged in a pond and alerted authorities, who matched shell casings found in the car to ones also found at the shooting scene, Noonan said.
The vehicle is a Jeep registered to Frein's father but owned by his parents, they told police.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Join the Discussion
You are using an outdated version of Internet Explorer. Please click here to upgrade your browser in order to comment.

Assam ex-top cop  grilled in Saradha scam  commits suicideNEW DELHI: Former Assam director general of police Shankar Baruah, who was interrogated by the CBI in connection with the multi-crore Saradha chit fund scam, committed suicide on Wednesday.
According to the police, Shankar Baruah shot himself with his revolver.
A 1974 batch Indian Police Service officer, Shankar Baruah had returned from a four-day stay in a hospital, where he was undergoing treatment for depression.
An NDTV report says that the retired IPS officer could not handle the humiliation of the CBI interrogation.
Probing the Saradha scam, the CBI Thursday raided 22 locations in West Bengal and Assam, including the residences of two former Assam ministers and a retired police chief and the offices of Kolkata businessman Sandhir Agarwal.
The searches by the CBI took place at seven locations in Kolkata, 14 in Assam (12 in Guwahati and two in Dhubri) and one in Mumbai, including the residence of Assam's former education minister Himanta Biswa Sarma and former Assam director general of police (DGP) Shankar Baruah, an official said in New Delhi.
The CBI has till now registered 48 cases, including four in West Bengal and 44 in Odisha, in the alleged chit fund scam on the directions of the Supreme Court.
The Supreme Court had handed over the Rs 10,000 crore Saradha chit fund scam case to the CBI in May 2014 and asked the state governments to provide all logistical help to the agency.
The scam came to light after a large number of investors last year complained that many firms collected huge amounts of money from them promising high returns, but later refused to pay them back as promised.
Recommend

Mmb moderator please check why parwana2014 marked my message offensive...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Ur target missing. it again climbed towards ucCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Smartphone wars: Are new launches a wave against iPhone 6With the iPhone 6 scheduled to be launched on September 9, Apple's competitors launched their products to dim the shine of the much-awaited smartphone. Here's a look at them.
ADVERTISEMENT

Need to change appointment process in state banks: Raghuram RajanUpdated: September 15, 2014 11:47 IST
Need to change appointment process in state banks: Raghuram Rajan
Agencies
Tweet
The Hindu Governor of Reserve Bank of India Raghuram Rajan addresses the "Digital Revolution: Accelerating Productivity Excellence-FIBAC 2014" Session in Mumbai on Monday. Photo: Shashi Ashiwal
Reserve Bank of India Governor Dr. Raghuram Rajan said on Monday there was a need to change the management appointment process in public sector banks to make it more transparent.
TOPICS
economy, business and finance
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Raghuram Rajan said on Monday there was a need to change the management appointment process in public sector banks to make it more transparent.
The central bank is in talks with the government to improve governance in public sector banks, Dr. Rajan told a banking conference. He said problems that have emerged in recent bank scandals were due to outsourced project evaluation.
Dr. Rajan said “It’s time govt de-regulate the diesel prices in the wake of falling global crude oil prices.”
The RBI Governor further stated that the falling inflation is consistent with RBI forecast.
Dr. Rajan said “‘Jan Dhan’ is a good scheme and its target should be universal reach and not speed and numbers.”
He further reiterated that the recent scandals call for better internal evaluation of lending process. Dr. Rajan said “banking must become more engaged and informed.”

Stocks: 6 things to know before the openStocks: 6 things to know before the open
By Alanna Petroff   @AlannaPetroff September 15, 2014: 5:33 AM ET
LONDON (CNNMoney)
There's plenty going on this Monday morning.
Here are the six things you need to know before the opening bell rings in New York:
1. Sinking stocks: U.S. stock futures were looking weak and European markets were mixed in early trading. Most benchmark indexes in Asia were also under pressure after disappointing industrial production figures from China.
Looking at commodities , oil prices were declining by nearly 1% to about $91.55 per barrel and gold prices were edging up.
Over the course of the previous week, all the major U.S. indexes ended in the red.
Related: Investors tell Fed: Don't fumble interest rates
2. Heineken rejects takeover offer: Dutch brewer Heineken ( HEINY ) has turned down a takeover bid from beer giant SABMiller ( SBMRY ). The brewer, which is one of the few family-controlled firms left in the business, said it hopes to preserve the company's "heritage and identity" by remaining independent.
Shares in the company were rising by about 2% in Europe.
Related: Fear & Greed Index
3. GM's ignition switch flaw: Attorney Ken Feinberg will announce Monday how many deaths and injuries he has so far tied to General Motors' ( GM ) ignition switch flaw. GM has publicly linked 13 deaths and 54 accidents to the fault, but the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration have said they believe the numbers to be higher.
Any major surprise in the numbers from Feinberg could influence trading in GM shares Monday.
Related: CNNMoney's Tech30
4. Alibaba is coming: Shares in Yahoo ( YHOO , Tech30 ) were rising by nearly 3% premarket as investors get excited about the upcoming Alibaba market debut . Yahoo is the second-largest holder of Alibaba equity, which means it's lined up for a big payout when the Chinese e-commerce giant begins trading in New York. Yahoo's stock has surged by over 11% since the start of the month.
5. Ruble hits record low: The Russian currency was declining by about 1% versus the U.S. dollar, hitting an all-time low. Investors are worried about the impact of further U.S. and European sanctions against Russian companies and continuing fighting in Ukraine.
6. The Scottish question: Polls show there's a chance that Scottish voters may opt to break away from the United Kingdom and form their own independent nation during a referendum Thursday. U.K. stocks were weak Monday as investors worry about the economic and business implications for the nation.
First Published: September 15, 2014: 5:21 AM ET
Most Popular

Brent at $97  steep petrol price cut likelyBrent at $97, steep petrol price cut likely
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 15, 2014
First Published: 23:17 IST(15/9/2014) | Last Updated: 23:30 IST(15/9/2014)
After the Rs. 5 a litre cut in petrol prices during August, the continuous fall in the global oil prices to a 26-month low of $96.91 per barrel is expected to result in yet another substantial cut in the prices.
 
Also as losses of state-owned oil companies on diesel sales have already been wiped out due to the fall in oil prices, it is expected that the oil companies will announce a simultaneous cut in diesel prices.
The cut in diesel prices — that will come after a gap of seven years — will soon end the creeping increase in your monthly diesel bills as the government may anytime soon announce the de-regulation of diesel prices on the back of declining global oil prices.
“From a little over $100 a barrel, the Indian basket of crude oil or the mix of crude that India imports for its refineries has come down to less than $96 a barrel on September 15. This along with a stable rupee against the US dollar will amount to a cut in both petrol and diesel prices,” said a senior oil company official.
While state-owned oil companies were expected to announce this cut on Monday, sources said a decision on the cut in petrol and diesel prices was deferred as petroleum minister Dharmendra Pradhan was away on a four-day trip to Vietnam. They said the cut in auto fuel prices could be announced anytime soon.
Since January 2013, diesel prices have been hiked nearly every month by 50 paise a litre. Over the last 20 months, diesel prices have been hiked 19 times for a total hike of Rs. 11.81 per litre.

New Bethesda real estate company acquires Ohio firm for $4.3 billionBy Jonathan O'Connell September 16 Follow @OConnellPostBiz
Grand Central Mall, in Vienna, West Va., one of the properties acquired by Washington Prime in its deal for Glimcher. (Courtesy Glimcher.com)
Just four months after being spun off into its own company, Washington Prime Group , a shopping center owner in Bethesda, announced the purchase of Glimcher Realty Trust Tuesday, a Columbus, Ohio-based owner and manager of 28 shopping centers totaling 19.5 million square feet.
The purchase price was $4.3 billion in cash and stock. Once the transaction is complete, expected in the first quarter of 2015, the new firm will be called WP Glimcher. The combined company will have a portfolio of 119 properties totaling 68 million square feet.
Washington Prime has only been on its own since May, when it was spun off from Simon Property Group, the Indianapolis owner of malls and shopping centers that rank as the largest of the country’s real estate investment trusts (REITs), companies that hold property long-term and pass on almost all of their taxable income to investors.
Its properties include Bowie Town Center, St. Charles Towne Plaza and Fairfax Court.
Washington Prime is led by chief executive Mark S. Ordan, former chief executive of  Sunrise Senior Living , based in McLean. He will become executive chairman of the new company. Michael P. Glimcher, currently chief executive of Glimcher, will become vice chairman and chief executive of the new company.
In a conference call with investors Tuesday, Ordan said he had considered a number of other acquisition targets. “We have looked at scores of portfolios and hundreds of assets that we could have purchased. There was no shortage of opportunities for us to grow,” Ordan said.
He said choosing Glimcher would allow Washington Prime to broaden its geographic reach, diversify its tenant mix and grow cash flow.  “Our first choice is what we are announcing today,” he said.
Much of the Glimcher portfolio is centered in and around Ohio and Pennsylvania. None of the portfolio is in the Washington area, though it includes three shopping centers in West Virginia. Ordan said he will remain in Bethesda but visit Columbus often. “I may root for Ohio State,” he said.
Follow Jonathan O’Connell on Twitter: @oconnellpostbiz
Jonathan O'Connell has covered land use and development in the Washington area for more than five years.

Pension fund exit from hedge funds spurs debatePension fund exit from hedge funds sparks debate
By: Adam Shell September 16, 2014 8:40 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
(Spencer Platt, Getty Images) 
 
Is the thirst for “alternative” investments, which became unquenchable during the stock market downturn in 2008-09, drying up? That’s the big debate after a giant pension fund announced that it’s dumping all its hedge fund investments.
CalPERS announced after the market closed Monday night that it was exiting all of its hedge fund investments in a move it said was to reduce the complexity of its investments as well as costs.
The California Public Employees’ Retirement System — which manages close to $300 billion and invests pension savings for 1.6 million members, including cops, firefighters and other public workers,  said it will exit 24 hedge funds and six hedge fund-of-funds valued at approximately $4 billion.
In a statement, Ted Eliopoulos, CalPERS interim chief investment officer, said. “Hedge funds are certainly a viable strategy for some, but … when judged against their complexity, cost, and the lack of ability to scale at CalPERS’ size,” investing in hedge funds “is no longer warranted.” CalPERS stressed that the decision was not based on “performance.”
CalPERS’ thumbs-down vote on hedge funds, sophisticated investment vehicles that cater to the wealthy and big institutional investments and which were in big demand a few years back for their ability to protect capital in down markets, could spur similar moves by other big investors amid fresh and increased scrutiny of hedge fund costs and complexity. At the end of the second quarter, hedge funds had $2.81 trillion in assets under management, according to BarclayHedge.
The cost structure of hedge funds has always been hotly debated. Unlike a basic index fund that mimics a broad stock market index such as the Standard & Poor’s 500 stock index for a  minimal fee of .2%, hedge fund management and performance fees are far steeper. The typical hedge fund charges a 2% management fee for assets invested, and takes a 20% chunk of all profits the fund produces. For example, an investor that invests $100,000 in a hedge fund at the start of the year and which gains 10% that year would pay $2,000 in management fees and give  back an additional $2,000 of the $10,000 in hedge fund profits.
The CalPERS fund paid $135 million in fees in the fiscal year that ended June 30 for hedge fund investments that earned 7.1%, contributing .4% to its total return, according to CalPERS figures cited by Bloomberg. CalPERS earned 18.4%  in the fiscal year as global stock indexes rose to records.
Hedge funds also employ more sophisticated and complex investment strategies than typical plain-vanilla mutual funds. For example, hedge funds can bet against the market by shorting stocks, a strategy that enables hedge funds to make money or reduce losses in a down market. According to eVestment, hedge funds employ strategies focused on financial derivatives, volatility and options, currencies, events, distressed assets, convertible arbitrage and other hedging strategies.
Hedge funds, in general, have been trailing in the performance race during the current bull market. The average performance of hedge funds tracked by eVestment, for example, have trailed the total return (which includes dividends) of the S&P 500 in the past month, 3-months, year-to-date as well as 2013. Last year, the average hedge fund gained just 10.3%, vs. a total return of 32.4% for the S&P 500. Through August, hedge funds were up 3.96% this year, vs. a total return of 9.88% for the S&P 500.
Part of the reason for the sub-par hedge fund performance compared to the broad U.S. stock market is the fact that hedge funds had their lowest exposure to the stock market in the past two years at the start of August.
“Entering August, average gross market exposure across the industry was lower than any point in the last two years,” eVestment said. “Average net exposure from equity strategies was below 46.6%, down from 50.4% two months earlier and 55% in February 2014.”
Wall Street will be watching closely to see if other big pension funds follow the lead of CalPERS.
Other pension funds also are debating whether to avoid hedge funds altogether. Last week, the San Francisco City & County Employees Retirement System delayed for another 90 days a decision on whether to allocate 15% of its money to hedge funds. It is the second such delay this year, according to the Wall Street Journal.
The second-largest U.S. public pension, the California State Teachers’ Retirement System, will also be evaluating its hedge-fund investments at the end of this year following a three-year experiment in which it allocated $700 million to such strategies, the Journal added. It was the first foray into such investments, and in the last year its gain from hedge funds was .13%, lowest among all asset classes in the fund.
 

How are citizens madeBy Lahra Smith September 16
Shola market, Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. (Lahra Smith)
As summer draws to an end, so to does our first annual African Politics Summer Reading Spectacular  with this guest post by Lahra Smith on her recently published book, “ Making Citizens in Africa: Ethnicity, Gender and National Identity in Ethiopia .”
***
Most of the discussion around citizenship considers the laws or rules determining eligibility. Americans debate whether there should be an expansion of “pathways to citizenship” for immigrants. In Nepal, rights activists are bringing attention to a proposed provision for the new constitution that would limit citizenship to be biased against women.  Though eligibility rules are foundational to understanding citizenship, the process of making citizens can be just as important in shaping a country’s future.
What does it mean to be a citizen of a state that has written a new constitution, one that radically reordered social life?  In that sense, who makes citizens and how are citizens made?  Across the world, and particularly in Africa, a wave of new constitutions was written in the 1990s and 2000s and the Ethiopian constitution is one striking example of this. A unitary country with an ancient political culture and a tumultuous process of political reform from at least the 1960s through the ‘70s and ‘80s, the Ethiopian state and political elites crafted a ‘compromise’ constitution in the 1990s.  A federal state was constructed, one that recognized the right to self-determination of ‘nations, nationalities and peoples’, meaning ethnic groups, and provided for fundamental human rights for children, women, minorities, and all Ethiopian citizens.  But how did Ethiopians themselves become the citizens of this political order?
I argue in “ Making Citizens in Africa ” that citizenship is a process, a set of practices and an identity created by the action of the state as well as citizens themselves.  And of course, this is as much about the ways that citizens affirm laws and norms of the state as well as the ways that they contest them.  The book examines language policy, social movement groups around ethnicity and gender and interpretation of Ethiopian history to demonstrate the ways in which citizenship is dynamic in a changing landscape of politics.  Meaningful citizenship is about how citizens engage in the citizenship-creation process, how they make themselves citizens.  This is especially true for Ethiopians and other African citizens, who are members of fairly new nation-states and who are rapidly acquiring skills like literacy, access to media and information and other tools of citizen-engagement.
This is not only true in Ethiopia.  Multi-ethnic, multi-religious states — like Nigeria, for example — have many competing visions of citizenship. Politicians, religious leaders, insurgent groups all make claims for citizens, and so too do ordinary Nigerians.  Day-to-day politics, education and everyday participation like news consumption, changes in family dynamics—all these things involve restructuring of the terms of citizenship. Meaningful citizenship is the social citizenship that ‘makes citizens’ out of people who were previously meant to be silent observers of a political and social process driven by elites.
This means that formal political institutions regarding citizenship are important but insufficient conditions for democratic outcomes. Formal rules must be accompanied by new forms of inclusive and meaningful citizenship to contribute to genuine democracy. “Meaningful citizenship” goes beyond the legal status of possessing a nationality or associated rights to signify the effective practice of citizenship, the ability and environment for exercising the various rights of citizenship and discharging citizen duties in a way that has practical and lived implications in one’s life, both on an individual and community level. The process of citizenship construction is iterative and episodic, fitful and contentious. It is shaped by domestic political elites and influenced by international actors such as donors, activists, and even social scientists, but always only meaningfully realized by the citizens who themselves vest power in those leaders and institutions. Without that process, democratic reforms can be undermined or even abandoned by citizens who find little usefulness in their provisions. Without meaningful citizenship some groups within the political community, notably women, may be left out of the national conversation about the realization of citizenship gains, and families and communities may be unreformed, even while major changes are occurring in formal places of power.
Student with Amhara regional flag in Ziway, Oromiya Regional State, Ethiopia. (Ryan Kilpatrick, Creative Commons License via Flickr )
For instance, the Ethiopian state pursued a dominant language policy that privileged Amharic through education and the law for most of the period of the so-called ‘modern Ethiopian state’ — that is, the last 150 years or so.  But when federalism was introduced in 1995, Ethiopian communities were allowed, through locally elected political channels, to incorporate other languages into education, courts and the media. This was a radical departure as it acknowledged Ethiopia’s diversity and challenged the dominance and privilege of certain ethno-linguistic groups.  I argue in the book that this was both the result and a further development of ‘meaningful citizenship’ in Ethiopia in that these communities saw their demands recognized, accommodated and at least in some respects, integrated into the national polity.  This is the foundation of a new national identity, a citizenship that is meaningful both for members of formerly marginalized groups, but also of the larger national collective.  Ethiopian-ness has been made more relevant, more inclusive for all Ethiopians.
The outcome for women’s citizenship in Ethiopia questions assumptions of gender equality.  The 1995 Constitution in Ethiopia has radical commitments to gender equality and subsequent legal provisions and reforms went a long way in institutionalizing those principles. Yet outcomes for women and girls lag far behind and the national dialogue about equality and participation tends to focus on ethnicity and language communities (and recently religious communities) much more than gendered inequalities.  Still, I think that the potential for a more meaningful citizenship in Ethiopia exists not only for both types of claims, but actually at the intersection.  That is to say, ethnic equality can actually be a tool for greater gender equality and vice versa, even if this has been an underappreciated avenue for civil society organizations or activists to pursue.  And I think the implications of these sorts of outcomes have relevance far beyond Ethiopia.
Women at a market in Weliso, Oromiya Regional State, Ethiopia. (Lahra Smith)
There is tremendous work to be done.  In particular, on questions of women and girls we have a really narrow understanding of how ethnic and religious identity groups intersect with women and gendered identity in Africa.  We tend to acknowledge regional and ethnic difference, while bemoaning gender inequalities, without ever considering the potential ways that ethnic communities provide protection, care and empowerment to women and girls.  We need to understand how modern legal and advocacy tools in support of women and families could incorporate and accommodate ethnic, regional and religious mechanisms as well.  At the same time, the question of the influence of the state, the dominant political party and the wider political culture loom large in Ethiopia, even more so since the book was completed.  Moreover, meaningful citizenship requires a minimum of state tolerance of participation and debate, something that has dramatically decreased in the years since I did the research for this book.
***
Lahra Smith is an associate professor in the African Studies Program at the Edmund A. Walsh School of Foreign Service at Georgetown University. Her research focuses on the questions of equality and citizenship in contemporary Africa. Her book, “ Making Citizens in Africa: Ethnicity, Gender and National Identity in Ethiopia ,” was published by Cambridge University Press in 2013.

I podu for Vikram  ShankarUpdated: September 16, 2014 19:12 IST
‘I’ podu for Vikram, Shankar
SRINIVASA RAMANUJAM
Tweet
Vikram at the audio launch function of I.
(From left to right) Rajinikanth, Shankar, Arnold Schwarzenegger and A. R. Rahman watching the show. Photo: S. R. Raghunathan
TOPICS
The audio launch of the Tamil film I was truly a starry affair
How would you describe an evening that saw Arnold Schwarzenegger, Rajinikanth and A. R. Rahman share stage?
On Monday evening, all roads led to the Nehru Stadium for the grand audio launch of the Tamil film I. With a galaxy of stars present on the occasion, local and international, it was an evening that was high on entertainment.
Foot-tapping music, catchy songs, inspiring speeches… though the event started late, the fun went on late into the night. Chennai’s film-crazy crowd couldn’t ask for more. Said director Shankar: “This has turned out so big. I thank Arnold for coming over. I was keen on Rajinikanth attending the event, but he was busy with Lingaa. He told me that he’d like to come as my nanban (friend). It shows his humility.”
The evening also saw music maestro A. R. Rahman and a group of singers present songs from the film. The loudest applause was reserved for actor Vikram, who entered the venue in the ‘beast get-up’ that’s part of a song in the movie. Rajinikanth too was all-praise for Vikram. “I don’t know much about Hollywood but I don’t think anybody in the world has taken as much pain as Vikram has for a character. His dedication on-screen is amazing,” he said.
It might have been an audio launch, but the entertainment did not stop there. A special act that saw several local bodybuilders show off their chiselled bodies had Arnold in awe. So much so, the Hollywood superstar went on stage to pose for a picture with them. “It’s wonderful that Shankar has given these guys a chance in his film,” he said, adding wistfully, “But what about me?”
Hosted by actor Bobby Simha and singer Chinmayi, the evening also saw some sizzling musical performances, ramp-walk acts and a special ‘bubble act’ by Anna Yang.
‘I’ TRIVIA
* Produced by Aascar Ravichandran, the film starring Vikram and Amy Jackson is a romantic thriller, directed by Shankar.
* Vikram plays Lingesan, a bodybuilder who wants to become Mr Tamil Nadu.
* Most of the film has been shot in never-seen-before locations in China.
* The actor’s curls in the film have been inspired by a Schwarzenegger’s look.
* Vikram has lost 20 kilos to play one of the roles.

Nevermind what Obama says: The Islamic State claims its facing a crusadeBy Ishaan Tharoor September 16 Follow @ishaantharoor
An image grab taken from an AFPTV video on September 16, 2014 shows a jihadist from the Islamic State (IS) group standing on the rubble of houses after a Syrian warplane was reportedly shot down by IS militants over the Syrian town of Raqqa. (AFP PHOTO / AFPTV / STR-/AFP/Getty Images)
In his speech last week announcing  plans to combat Islamic State extremists, who are wreaking havoc in Iraq and Syria, President Obama was at pains to stress that his country was not embarking on a religious war. "[The Islamic State] is not 'Islamic.' No religion condones the killing of innocents, and the vast majority of [the Islamic State]'s victims have been Muslim," he said , implying that aggressive American military action should not be equated to an attack on all Muslims.
But no matter how delicately the White House wants to frame renewed military operations in the region, it's serving up rich propaganda fodder for the militant group in Washington's crosshairs. As Morning Mix's Terrence McCoy notes , the Islamic State is all too happy to paint the coming battle as a civilizational conflict. In its own glossy publication, Dabiq, the terror organization hails its plans to fight the " crusaders in Washington " and sees its rise amid the chaos of the Middle East as an evocation of history.
McCoy's post cites Dabiq at length :
“The Hour will not be established until the Romans land at … Dabiq [an actual town in what's now Syria],” the first of three issues of the magazine says, quoting the Hadith, sayings and actions attributed to the Prophet Muhammad. “Then an army from al-Madinah of the best people on the earth at that time will leave for them. … So they will fight them. Then one third of [the Islamic fighters] will flee; Allah will never forgive them. One third will be killed; they will be the best martyrs with Allah. And one third will conquer them; they will never be afflicted with [distress]. Then they will conquer Constantinople.”
Constantinople was the capital of the Byzantine empire, which, alongside the Sassanids of Persia, came into conflict with the early armies of Islam as the religion spread from the Arabian peninsula in the 7th century A.D. By "Romans," Dabiq is referring to the Byzantines. In 1453, Constantinople fell to the Ottomans and became Istanbul, the seat of the last "caliphate" until the Ottoman empire's collapse after World War I. The Islamic State claims to have launched a new caliphate this summer — I explored the organization's various historical delusions  here .
The escalating U.S. airstrikes against Islamic State positions in Iraq have compelled al-Qaeda's two most prominent affiliates to declare support for the Islamic State, an organization which was earlier repudiated by Ayman al-Zawahiri, al-Qaeda's head. A joint statement from al-Qaeda's Yemeni and North African wings called on Muslims to "make the unity of the infidel nations against you a reason for your unity against them." It urged Muslims to "stop the infighting between you and stand as one against America's campaign," which it referred to as a "Crusader campaign."
The memory of the Crusades in the West is a thin one — mostly locked up with images of mailed knights in their arid fortresses and the travails of England's King Richard the Lionheart . But in the Middle East, the rapine and pillage of successive Crusader armies from Europe, given license by the Pope, are better remembered . Though imbued with religious zeal, these expeditions were as much about pecuniary interest and regional power politics. The Fourth Crusade, for example, got distracted from its mission of conquering Egypt when it decided to sack and plunder  Constantinople, the center of the Greek Orthodox Church, in 1204.
In any event, it's all dubious propaganda for the Islamic State, which as Obama noted, spends most of its time killing fellow Muslims and faces a constellation of largely Muslim factions — Kurdish militias, Syria's Assad regime, the Iraqi government, Iran, and the Sunni Gulf states — arrayed against it.
And, given Obama's caution, the Islamic State can't count on the same slip of the tongue of the president's predecessor. Just days after the attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, President George W. Bush warned that "this crusade, this war on terrorism, is going to take a while."
Ishaan Tharoor writes about foreign affairs for The Washington Post. He previously was a senior editor at TIME, based first in Hong Kong and later in New York.

Assam police officer booked for assault on woman in GuwahatiPrint
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: September 17, 2014 1:28 pm | Updated: September 17, 2014 3:02 pm
The police late last night registered a case against a senior Assam Police officer of the rank of an SP in the heart of Guwahati following allegations of misbehavior and assault lodged by a woman, with the police registering an FIR against him under Sections 448, 427, 294 and 354 of the IPC.
Confirming this, Guwahati City Senior Superintendent of Police AP Tiwari said the officer, one Mihir Jyoti Goswami, currently Commandant of the Assam Forest Battalion, was picked up from in front of a beauty parlour-cum-spa sent for medical examination and then further examined by the police, after which he was allowed to go.
The FIR lodged by a woman who runs a beauty parlour said Goswami had gone to her beauty parlour, misbehaved with her, made indecent proposals, hurled abuses and also physically assaulted her. The incident took place at around 9 PM in the beauty parlour-cum-spa on the busy GS Road. It was outside a bar on the same GS Road that a sensational case of sexual assault on a woman had hit international headlines in July 2012.
“The man had come to my spa earlier in the day and taken our services. But he returned again in the evening, entered my premises and asked me to come with him. He appeared drunk. When I refused and one of my associates informed the police, he hurled abuses and physically assaulted me. He even tried to snatch a cane from a constable to attack me,” the woman told the media.
SSP Tiwari said while the officer in-charge of Dispur himself rushed to the spot, he found Goswami there, took him to the police station where the woman almost immediately lodged an FIR against him. “Since the relevant Sections under which the FIR was lodged referred to crimes that were punishable for less than seven years, so we had to let Goswami go as per the new guidelines of the Supreme Court under the amended Section 41(A) of the CrPC,” SSP Tiwari told The Indian Express today.
“Since the woman had in her FIR complained that Goswami was in an inebriated condition, so we also sent him to the MMC Hospital for a medical examination, after which he was examined by the police for about two hours in the Panbazar DySP’s chamber,” SSP Tiwari said.
While Section 448 of the IPC relates to house-trespass, Section 427 relates to mischief causing damage to the amount of Rs 50, Section 294 to obscene act in public place to the annoyance of others, and Section 354 relates to assault or criminal force to woman with intent to outrage her modesty.
A 1993-batch officer of the Assam Police Service, Goswami, who was till recently Commandant of the 12th Assam Police Battalion before being appointed as Commandant of the Assam Forest Battalion, had won a police medal for meritorious services on Republic Day in 2013. Ironically, he had also attended a two-day workshop on gender sensitization in the National Police Academy, Hyderabad in 2012.

Cairn India discovers 3 new oil fields in Rajasthan blockSep 17, 2014, 02.28 PM IST  | Source: Reuters
Cairn India discovers 3 new oil fields in Rajasthan block
One of the wells is in close proximity to the company's Mangala field and it is planning fast track appraisal to commercialize the discovery, Cairn India, part of London-listed Vedanta Resources Plc , said in a statement on Wednesday.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Cairn India discovers 3 new oil fields in Rajasthan block
One of the wells is in close proximity to the company's Mangala field and it is planning fast track appraisal to commercialize the discovery, Cairn India, part of London-listed Vedanta Resources Plc , said in a statement on Wednesday.
Post your opinion here
 
Cairn India  said on Wednesday it had made three new oil discoveries in its exploration block in Rajasthan, taking its total oil discoveries in the block to 36.
One of the wells is in close proximity to the company's Mangala field and it is planning fast track appraisal to commercialize the discovery, Cairn India, part of London-listed Vedanta Resources Plc, said in a statement on Wednesday.
The company is spending USD 3 billion over three years to boost oil production and natural gas output from its Rajasthan block, which had an output of 66.3 million barrels of oil equivalent in the year ended March 31.
Cairn India has a portfolio of nine blocks, one in Rajasthan which contains multiple assets, two on the west coast and four on the east coast of India, and one each in Sri Lanka and South Africa.
The company's shares were up 2 percent in afternoon trade on Wednesday, while the Mumbai share markets were trading broadly flat.
Cairn India stock price
On November 21, 2014, Cairn India closed at Rs 270.00, up Rs 3.65, or 1.37 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 385.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 258.30.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 26.87 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 10.05. The latest book value of the company is Rs 206.66 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 1.31.
RELATED NEWS

Yamaha launches new Fazer FI  priced at Rs 83 850Yamaha launches new Fazer FI, priced at Rs 83,850
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 17, 2014  | 18:31 IST
The 149-cc motorcycle Fazer FI (Source: www.yamaha-motor-india.com)
Yamaha Motor India Sales, the domestic two-wheeler maker , on Wednesday launched the 149-cc motorcycle Fazer FI, priced at Rs 83,850 (ex-showroom Delhi).
The new model comes with a newly designed air-cooled 149cc, single-cylinder fuel-injected engine which provides enhanced fuel efficiency and acceleration.
"With the addition of new Fazer FI targeted at young men between the ages of 18-30, the company hopes to see a steep growth in the customer base in the deluxe segment, especially keeping in mind the mileage conscious target audience," the two-wheeler maker, which is a domestic group firm under Japan's Yamaha, said in a statement.
As part of consolidating its product portfolio, the company had recently launched new variants under the FZ series - FZ Version 2.0 and FZ-S Version 2.0.

India s IndiGo agrees $2.6 bn jet finance deal with China s ICBCE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Try this yummy and easy-to-make atta ka sheeraCooking Time: 17 mins
Makes 4 servings
I consider this one of the easiest Gujarati sweets-with just a few ingredients, which too can be found in all kitchen shelves. Just note a few simple points, and success is assured. While sautéing, keep a lookout for when the ghee separates and the atta becomes lighter, as this is the perfect indication that your atta is well cooked. If you have a very sweet tooth, you can add two more tablespoons of sugar. Also remember to serve this dish immediately to avoid lumps.
Ingredients
1 cup whole wheat flour (gehun ka atta)
1/2 cup melted ghee
1 tsp cardamom (elaichi) powder
For The Garnish
Almond slivers
Method
Heat the ghee in a non-stick kadhai, add the whole wheat flour and sauté on a medium flame for 8 to 10 minutes or till it turns brown in colour and the ghee separates.
Add the sugar, cardamom powder and ¾ cup of water, mix well and cook on a slow flame for another 5 to 7 minutes or till the sugar dissolves, while stirring continuously.
Serve hot garnished with almond slivers.

No official complaint on love jihad so far: ManekaGandhiPrint
Union Minister for Women and Child Development, Maneka Sanjay Gandhi at a press conference, in New Delhi on Wednesday. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 17, 2014 6:17 pm | Updated: September 17, 2014 6:28 pm
Women and Child Development Minister Maneka Gandhi on Wednesday said her ministry has not received any official complaint relating to ‘love jihad’, but as an MP she has been apprised of a few such cases.
Asked about the issue of “love jihad”, Gandhi said at a press conference here, “…We have had no official complaint in the ministry, so as a minister, I cannot say that we have…”
“However, as a Member of Parliament, in my constituency people have come and complained to me and there have been about seven to eight such cases which we have referred to the police. So I am going to separate the two,” she added.
ALSO READ:  Money from slaughter trade goes into killing us: Maneka Gandhi 
Responding to another question, Gandhi sought to clarify her earlier controversial remarks suggesting that money earned from illegal animal slaughter was being used for perpetrating acts of terrorism.
Gandhi said she was quoting from a report of the Uttar Pradesh police. She also said that a leading daily had put that report of the UP police on its front page.
She was asked to comment on the reversals suffered by her party in the recent bypolls, especially in UP. “That’s so sad, I work so hard. I can’t answer a political question here because I am confined to the ministry. But as far as I know, I work really hard and that’s not fair,” she said.
Asked whether she would like to comment on the absence of star campaigners, including her son Varun, during the bypolls, she said, “Absolutely not”, and then quipped “….okay, so now we are just going to bring him back”.
"However, as a Member of Parliament, in my constituency people have come and complained to me and there have been about seven to eight such cases which we have referred to the police. So I am going to separate the two," she added.

Harassment cases blight Asian Games countdownUpdated: September 17, 2014 18:06 IST
Harassment cases blight Asian Games countdown
AP
Tweet
AP Spectators walk to attend the opening ceremony rehearsal of the 17th Asian Games at the Incheon Asiad Main Stadium in Incheon on Wednesday. A second sexual harassment case at the Asian Games was being investigated by South Korea police on Wednesday, two days before the opening ceremony.
TOPICS
Summer Asian Games
A second sexual harassment case at the Asian Games was being investigated by South Korea police on Wednesday, two days before the opening ceremony.
Police asked prosecutors to indict a 19-year-old Palestinian footballer for allegedly harassing a female staff member at the athletes’ village, Inspector Ahn Jeong-hee said.
Ahn said the man admitted to touching the 25-year-old South Korean woman on Tuesday after proposing that they pose for a photograph.
That came a day after police started investigating an equipment manager from Iran’s football team who allegedly sexually harassed a female volunteer at an Asian Games stadium. The Olympic Council of Asia said it cancelled the man’s accreditation, banned him from Asian Games sites, and asked Iran’s Olympic body to send him home.
The football tournament started on Sunday, and Palestine has won two straight matches in the group stage, 2-0 against Oman, and 2-1 over Tajikistan.
Japan, the men’s defending champion, was late on Wednesday playing Iraq, which took silver at the 1996 Asian Games.
Local fans have been cheering for North Korea’s footballers, despite ongoing tensions on the divided peninsula dating from the 1950-53 Korean War that ended in a ceasefire rather than a peace treaty.
South Korea bans open displays of the North Korean flag, but has made an exception at Asian Games venues.
The Asian Games torch arrived in Incheon on Wednesday, and will be stored overnight in the port city west of South Korea’s capital, Seoul. It is in the final stages of its 6,000-kilometer journey around South Korea, set to culminate in Friday’s opening ceremony featuring “Gangnam Style” singer PSY and Chinese pianist Lang Lang.
Athletes from the Far East to the Middle East are competing in 42 sports at the Asian Games, a key testing ground for many of them ahead of the 2016 Olympics in Rio de Janeiro. China has sent the largest contingent of nearly 900 athletes and is again expected to top the medal standings. Tiny Brunei has the smallest delegation, with just 11 athletes.
Political rivalry is adding another dimension to the competition between the two Koreas, as well as between Japan and China, who are locked in a feud over territorial claims and interpretations of their shared history. Syria, Pakistan and the Palestinian team are taking part despite political upheaval at home.

The Daily Show watches those who watch Hillary Clinton fry steak  is amusedGet More: Daily Show Full Episodes , Indecision Political Humor , The Daily Show on Facebook
Few things inspire more hilarious political commentary than exceptionally precocious presidential gossip, as the Daily Show reminded us on Tuesday. The focus of Jon Stewart's amusement was, inevitably, Sunday's Tom Harkin Steak Fry in Iowa, where former secretary of state Hillary Clinton joked about 2016 and all TV commentators got frustrated by her little "dance."
Elsewhere in Iowa, Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) got photobombed by a squirrel.
 
Jaime Fuller reports on national politics for "The Fix" and Post Politics. She worked previously as an associate editor at the American Prospect, a political magazine based in Washington, D.C.

Grand welcome for Chinese president Xi in Modi s Ahmedabad  3 MoUs signedGrand welcome for Chinese president Xi in Modi's Ahmedabad, 3 MoUs signed
Agencies  New Delhi/Ahmedabad, September 17, 2014
First Published: 13:38 IST(17/9/2014) | Last Updated: 18:47 IST(17/9/2014)
Comments
Chinese President Xi Jinping was given a grand welcome when he arrived in Ahmedabad for a three day day visit of India.
Jinping, who arrived here from Sri Lanka, was welcomed by Gujarat Governor O P Kohli and Chief Minister Anandiben Patel, as well as the state cabinet ministers.
On his arrival, Xi was accorded a police guard of honour. Highlighting the importance New Delhi is attaching to his
visit, Prime Minister Narendra Modi came to receive him in the city.
Chinese President Xi Jinping receives warm welcome in Ahmedabad
Later the two sides signed three MoUs in the presence of both the leaders.
One of the MoUs is between China Development Bank (CDB) and Industrial Extension Bureau (iNDEXTb) of Gujarat government and relates to development of industrial parks in the state.
Another pact was signed between China's Guangdong province and Gujarat government. And the third MoU was between Guangzhou and Ahmedabad cities for cultural exchange.
 
India expects that the visit will address "interests and concerns" of both the countries and that "all substantive" issues which have bearing on the ties including the boundary dispute will be discussed.
 
Keen to boost trade ties, the Chinese side has already indicated that it will pledge to invest billions of dollars in India's railway, manufacturing and infrastructure projects during Xi's visit, the third by any Chinese president to India.
 
Highlighting the importance New Delhi is attaching to Xi's visit, Modi received the Chinese president in Ahmedabad. Modi said India seeks greater engagement with China but at the same time sought progress on "issues of concern".
 "I am looking forward to deepening our engagement across the full spectrum of our bilateral relations, but also seeking progress on issues of concern, because resolution of these issues will transform the atmosphere in our relations and allow us to realise the full potential of our relations," he said.
Read: Just ahead of Xi visit, India-Vietnam deal on China’s mind
 
President Xi is accompanied by a high-level delegation including two senior members of the politburo of the Communist party of China and the Chinese Commerce Minister.
 
The Chinese president will visit Mahatma Gandhi's Sabarmati Ashram and will spend some time along with Modi who will host a private dinner for the Chinese president at the Sabarmati riverfront.
Top industrialists from both the countries will take part in the business meet. The dinner to be served at a dome on the Sabarmati riverfront will consist of only Gujarati delicacies.
 
Foolproof security is in place for Xi's visit. Gujarat police with the help from central security agencies have made necessary arrangements.
 
Xi will leave for Delhi after dinner in Ahmedabad. Modi and Xi will hold extensive talks on Thursday in Delhi following which they are expected to sign a number of pacts which will provide for Chinese investments in a range of areas including railways and industrial parks.
 
Largely described as a visit to focus on economic and trade issues, Xi is expected to announce large scale Chinese investments in railways, manufacturing as well as infrastructure rivalling Japan's $35 billion commitment made during Modi's recent visit to Tokyo.
Read: How PM Modi is reaching out to China via Japan
 
Chinese officials say that China would be committing anywhere between $100 billion to $300 billion in the modernisation of Indian railways, establishing of industrial parks as well as investment in mega infrastructure projects.
China's foreign exchange reserves, the largest in the world, reached a record $3.95 trillion in March and it plans to invest around $500 billion overseas in the next five years, a large share of which is expected to find India's way.
 
Xi will be accompanied by his wife Peng Liyuan, state councillor Yang Jiechi, who was earlier foreign minister, Foreign Minister Wang Yi, Commerce Minister Gao Hucheng besides a number of businessmen and other leaders.
 
60-year-old Xi, who took over as the head of the ruling Communist Party in 2012 and President and military chief in March last year, had been sending clear signals of boosting bilateral relations with India.
Xi's visit is the third by any Chinese president to India. President Hu Jintao had visited India in 2006 and Jiang Zemin had come here in 1996.

Live Cricket Score  CLT20  KKR vs CSK: KKR clash against CSK inopenerRyan ten Doeschate struck a fine unbeaten 51 to guide IPL champions Kolkata Knight Riders to a seven-wicket win over Chennai Super Kings. (Source: BCCI)
Press Trust of India | Hyderabad | Posted: September 17, 2014 6:31 pm | Updated: September 18, 2014 12:21 pm
Andre Russell smashed a breathtaking half century while Ryan ten Doeschate struck a fine unbeaten 51 to guide IPL champions Kolkata Knight Riders to a three-wicket win over Chennai Super Kings in a Group A match of the Oppo Champions League Twenty20, in Hyderabad on Thursday.
Chasing a competitive 158 for win, KKR were in trouble after slumping to 51 for five inside 10 overs.
But Russell (58 off 25) and Ten Doeschate shared match-winning 80 runs for the sixth wicket off just 42 balls to keep KKR afloat.
After Russell’s dismissal, Ten Doeshchate took the onus on himself to guide KKR home and managed to achieve that with six balls to spare.
KKR’s chase, however, started on a horrendous note as they lost their first four wickets inside the 30-run mark.
Left-arm pacer Ashish Nehra (4/21) was the wrecker in chief for KKR. He accounted for the wickets of KKR skipper Gautam Gambhir, Manish Pandey and Manvinder Bisla in quick succession to rattle CSK.
In fact, Nehra was on the verge of a hat-trick as he dismissed Gambhir and Pandey in consecutive balls in the third over.
Yusuf Pathan too failed to sparkle as he edged a Mohit Sharma delivery to Faf du Plessiss in the first slip in the fourth over.
Young Suryakumar Yadav started brightly with a 17-ball 19 before he was caught by Ravichandran Ashwin off Ravindra Jadeja in the ninth over with KKR scoreboard reading 51 for five in nine overs.
But Ten Doeshchate and Russell had other plans as they started cautiously to build up the chase before opening up. Russell was the aggressive among the duo as he laced his knock with four boundaries and five huge sixes. Ten Doeschate, on the other hand, played the second fiddle and struck three fours and two hits over the fence during his unbeaten knock.
Russell was at his attacking best as he struck two massive sixes of Mohit Sharma in the 16th over to not only bring KKR closer but also bring up his half century in style.
Russell added salt to Mohit and CSK’s wounds by finishing off the over with a boundary to score 18 runs off the 16th over.
Just when it seemed Russell’s pyrotechnics would take the game away from CSK, Nehra cleaned up the West Indian with a gem of an yorker to pick up his fourth wicket of the day and bring his side back into the game.
But Ten Doeschate kept a calm head and guided KKR home in exactly 19 overs in Piyush Chawla’s company.
Earlier, CSK rode on late bursts from skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni and Dwayne Bravo to post a fighting 157 for four.
With CSK in a spot of bother at 86 for four in 12.3 overs, Dhoni and Bravo joined hands to pull the team out of trouble with an unbeaten 71-run partnership off just 45 balls.
Dhoni finished the innings unbeaten on 35 off 20 balls with the help of three fours and two sixes, while Bravo decorated his unconquered run-a-ball 28-run knock with two boundaries and as many hits over the fence.
Sent into bat, CSK were off to a quick start with the opening pair of Dwayne Smith and Brendon McCullum sharing 37 runs runs off 24 balls.
Smith’s 20-run knock off 13 balls was laced with four boundaries before he was caught behind off leg-spinner Chawla (2/26).
McCullum (22 off 19) followed suit as he was struck plumb in front of the wicket by part-time spinner Pathan (1/16) while attempting a reverse sweep.
With CSK in a spot of bother at 49 for two in 6.4 overs, Suresh Raina took the onus on himself to resurrect his side’s innings in the company of Du Plessiss.
The duo added 35 runs for the third wicket before Raina was adjudged LBW off Sunil Narine (1/9) in the 12th over with CSK’s score reading 84 for three.
With KKR producing a disciplined bowling effort in the middle overs, the CSK batsmen found it difficult to score runs easily.
CSK’s problems compounded further when Du Plessiss departed in the 13th over to give Chawla his second wicket of the day.
With runs hard to come by off the spinners, CSK batsmen waited for the pacers to open up.
They finally did when a gutsy Dwayne Bravo opened up against Umesh Yadav and punished the pacer for two fours in the 14th over.
Inspired by Bravo’s strokeplay, Dhoni too opened his arms and smashed Russell for two fours to pick up 12 runs in the 15th over.
With overs running out, it was desperate times for CSK batsmen and young Pat Cummins became the victim when Bravo clobbered the pacer for two sixes in the 17th over that yielded 21 runs.
Cummins was once again at the firing line as Dhoni whacked the bowler over deep midwicket boundary for a six in the penultimate over.
Dhoni took Umesh Yadav for task and struck a four and a humongous six off the last ball to finish off the innings in style.
Ten Doeschate kept a calm head and guided KKR home in exactly 19 overs in Chawla's company.

Survivalist  Wanted in Trooper Ambush Eludes Manhuntsurvivalist  wanted in trooper ambush eludes manhunt
Immersed in the momentUpdated: September 11, 2014 15:45 IST
Immersed in the moment
Special Arrangement Pandit Arjun Mishra performing at the Haridas Sangeet Evam Nritya Mahotsav, Vrindavan.
TOPICS
kathak
Kathak exponent Pandit Arjun Mishra talks to Anjana Rajan about his chosen path
When Pandit Arjun Mishra performed at the recently concluded Swami Haridas Sangeet Evam Nritya Mahotsav in Vrindavan, it was a rare opportunity for those not resident in Lucknow to witness the art of this veteran Kathak exponent. Some of the specialness of the occasion came from his taking the stage after several years away from the stage due to illness. He began the performance sitting on a specially created platform for baithaki bhaav (executing abhinaya for a song in a simple seated position instead of using the entire body, footwork and postures). As he came to the end of a particularly emotive rendition of “Bihari ko kaise bas kar paoon” he was inspired to get off the pedestal and bring his presentation to a close with some brisk footwork. What was impressive was the strength of his thaap, unaided by ankle bells. As he left the stage to his disciples, he told the audience in a choked voice that he could not put into words the joy he felt at dancing after some three years.
But even before his health took a knock, he was not much seen on big festival platforms, though this might not seem right for an illustrious alumnus of New Delhi’s Kathak Kendra. In fact Pandit Arjun, who was sent by his guru Pandit Birju Maharaj to revive the fortunes of Kathak in Lucknow back in the 1990s, and is now a stalwart there, says he has not been invited back to Delhi since 1998.
Meanwhile, as a guru he has produced a large number of accomplished dancers. After Delhi, the buzzing capital of Kathak and the headquarters of its national academy the Kathak Kendra, Lucknow can be considered a major seat of the dance form, but the veteran says when he first arrived in the city, Kathak was all but finished there.
“Lucknow was the seat of power of several kingdoms. They promoted Kathak. Then during British times it declined. Family members (like Pandit Shambhu Maharaj and Pandit Lachu Maharaj, whose forefathers were the legendary architects of Kathak) moved away to earn a living elsewhere. When I moved here there was no Kathak to speak of in Lucknow.”
Sent as director of Kathak Kendra, Lucknow, he says he faced bureaucratic hurdles like not being given the promised post. Finally, he says, “I was removed from the post in 1998.” Why? “Because people had a feeling that my talent was a threat,” he says simply. “I faced this all my life. But I have kept working. I set up my gurukul at home. I would sit from 7 in the morning till 10 at night. I produced a large number of students. But I did have a lot of people to support me. They helped me set up the Kathak Academy with no government grant,” he says, and laughs, “Institutes that are getting government grants are employing my students!”
It has been observed that when his students perform they make a mark for their clarity of form and crisp footwork. In his own performance, one could see the devotion and steadfastness of the immersed artist not deterred by lack of invitations to perform. But in today’s competitive times, students often fret when they see few opportunities for themselves while their counterparts in other cities make it to the limelight more quickly. Some would say spirituality alone is not enough to sustain an artist.
“Without adhyatma, there can be no creation in art. When we think of the good, only then creation will occur,” he replies, maintaining that if negativity enters the thought process of an artist, the art suffers. “Look at the government institutions, where has their art gone?”
Do his disciples, then, never get disheartened as practitioners of classical arts commonly do, when they see themselves in contrast to, say television and film celebrities? In the one world, riyaaz is counted in terms of lifetimes, whereas in the other, glory is quickly attained thanks to mass reach. “Those who get recognition fast also get forgotten fast,” he says mildly. His advice is to have faith. “Only those artists get disappointed who have no depth,” he says.
“Keep creating new things. If you keep on repeating the same compositions you will get bored. To me it is a puja,” he explains, adding, “And people do look for artists of calibre (sahi aadmi). I remember I saw Kelucharan Mohapatra at his first performance in Delhi when he must have been about 55. I remember I was very young and so impressed by him. And no one had ever seen him before, but once he was discovered, there was no looking back.”
A festival wishlist
The annual Swami Haridas Sangeet Evam Nritya Mahotsav that takes place in Vrindavan has been spearheaded by Gopi Goswami for the past several years. The family of the Goswamis, who maintain the famous Bankey Bihari Mandir, are believed to have run the festival for the past century and a half. Pandit Arjun Mishra is all praise for the festival. “It has been running for 153 years, and every artist feels it an honour to perform there. I like the fact that it functions without government aid.” Problems such as the uneven sound quality due to its open-air venue can be ironed out, he feels.
With the significance of Swami Haridas to Indian classical music and the large sponsorship the festival attracts, it would seem in order to build a quality auditorium in his name in Vrindavan. With the Mahotsav performances held at a large temporary venue, the speaker volumes are unbearably loud in the audience section — resulting in even louder talking among spectators — but not audible to artists who are unable to gauge the quality of the sound they are producing. Tens of creaky fans add to the din. Also, to those in the back rows, the performers are too far away to appreciate any facial expressions, so close circuit screens could be helpful.

Actor Kamal Haasan hospitalisedUpdated: September 16, 2014 16:32 IST
Actor Kamal Haasan hospitalised
Actor ‘Ulaganayagan’ Kamal Haasan is in hospital now. He has been admitted to Apollo Hospitals in Greams Road, Chennai, for a suspected case of food poisoning.
However, it seems that it is nothing major, as his publicist tweeted:
Ulaganayagan admitted in Appolo'Greams road for food posion.Nothing to worry.Will be discharged today or tom mor &Joining shoot from tom.
— Nikkil Murugan (@onlynikil) September 16, 2014
(Nothing to worry. Will be discharged today or tomorrow morning and joining shoot from tomorrow.)
The actor is currently busy with the Tamil remake of Drishyam, titled Papanasam.
This movie sees him teaming up with actress Gautami after a long time. His other Tamil film, titled Uthama Villain, is almost complete and will be hitting screens soon.

Another Sopori RISESUpdated: September 11, 2014 17:28 IST
Another Sopori RISES
Zubin Mehta with Abhay Rustum Sopori after performing a composition during a concert 'Ehsaas-e-Kashmirâ' (Feel of Kashmir) at Shalimar Bagh in Srinagar. Photo: PTI
Special arrangement Abhay Rustum Sopori.
Special arrangement Abhay Sopori with Zubin Mehta at the Ehsaas-e-Kashmir Concert in Srinagar and (below) with his father Pandit Pt. Bhajan Sopori.
TOPICS
music
Versatile is the one word that best describes Abhay Rustum Sopori. He’s a young santoor virtuoso, conducts folk and Sufi ensembles, is the first recipient of the Ustad Bismillah Khan Yuva Puraskar, and has collaborated with international musicians such as Moroccan lute maestro Haj Younis, Iranian santoor player, Darius Saghafi and American Dulcimer player Malcom Dalgish.
Besides, Abhay has composed music for the international award winning film, ‘Ziyarat’ and has more than 35 albums to his credit including a double CD pack titled ‘Vishudha,’ featuring duets with his father, and ‘Triveni.’ He has also released a live classical ensemble on YouTube.
Naturally, for Abhay has learnt music under the guru-sishya parampara from his grandfather Pt. Shamboo Nath Sopori, hailed as the ‘father of music’ in Jammu and Kashmir, and his father Pt. Bhajan Sopori, the legendary santoor maestro and music composer.
In this interview, he talks about his latest work, and the state of the santoor today. Excerpts:
Do you often feel burdened by the 300-year-old legacy of music in your family?
Not really! I do acknowledge that there is a certain amount of pressure – but this is the pressure of expectations. People want to know what I will do to carry that legacy forward. However, it is this pressure and realisation, which in turn has shaped my personality and development as a musician. I feel a sense of responsibility and pride in representing the Sopori family and the Sufiana Gharana. There is obviously an element of comparison but I don’t think that it is valid – after all my work is a derivative of the work done by my father and grandfather and those before him. My focus is on trying to further refine the work that is already done and what additional dimensions I can add to extend the boundaries that already exist.
Did you always aspire to be a musician? How is your playing different from other schools? of santoor?
In our family, learning music is compulsory. The decision to pursue it professionally is left to the individual. From early on, I was clear about what I wanted to do. Three things drove this decision: firstly, my interest to pursue music; secondly, the desire and responsibility of taking this tradition forward ; and finally the expectations of the people around me, especially in Jammu and Kashmir.
There are just two major schools of santoor playing: the Soporis and those who play only the traditional Sufiana Mousiqui of Kashmir. Outside of this, there are certain santoor players, but no full-fledged traditions as such.
The first thing that sets our Gharana apart is that we practise and perform both Hindustani classical and Sufiana Mousiqui. The other adheres to only one of the two genres. The second, and most important, difference is with particular reference to the playing of Hindustani on the santoor. My style – the Sopori Baaj – has been developed by my father. It is the only style that fulfils all the essential requirements of the Hindustani tradition and is completely on par with other string instruments such as the sitar and the sarod in terms of the rendition of ragas.
You recently performed along with Zubin Mehta in Kashmir for the Ehsaas-e-Kashmir Concert in Srinagar. Tell us something about that experience.
Fantastic! A really memorable day; an experience of a lifetime. The honour of having the maestro, Zubin Mehta, agreeing to conduct a score composed by me, was surreal! Also sharing the stage and conducting with him is an honour few get. We faced some challenges though. The Western classical orchestra follows sheet music. And the Kashmiri folk musicians can’t read sheet music at all. Moreover, the folk composition involved certain traditional rhythmic movements, which are completely alien to Western classical music. Similarly, the idea of playing with a large orchestra comprising mostly ‘alien’ instruments was an anxious one for the locals. Therefore, the idea of getting both sets of musicians together was an exhilarating yet terrifying prospect.
Tell us a little about You conduct the ensemble of the ethnic Kashmiri musicians that you conduct. . Tell us about that.
Let me clarify that I do not have a ‘band.’ I work with proper orchestral ensembles, which are arranged musically as per the requirements of the composition at hand. This can comprise several, otherwise disparate, elements such as Western or Indian classical instruments, folk traditions, Jazz, Blues and synthesisers and samplers. The Folk Music Ensemble is a rare presentation introduced by my father in the early 1970s after he returned from the U.S. and named it ‘Soz-o-Saaz.’ It drew from the rich folk traditions of Kashmir but was presented in a stylised orchestral setting. It is this idea that I have taken forward using complex presentations involving large ensembles of 60-70 musicians. I also have on the agenda, a series of concerts in the US, including a fund-raiser for Kashmiri Pandits living in camps in Jammu.
Any hobbies?
Years ago I used to sketch. Now, I try to take out time for cycling with my nephews or playing some indoor or computer games. If I am not doing my riyaz or composing music, then I am working on my computer.
On the Web
I am actually Abhay is working in on building my his own online portal, where one can to see his my albums directly and not through an Indian music company, as he finds in Indian as I find their contracts exploiting exploit a musician’s work. He says, “I have worked with companies such as like Virgin EMI , one of the leading music labels of the world, and it’s been such a wonderful experience. to work with them. Here I haven’t received my share of royalty. My online portal will initially release my albums and the moment it gains the momentum, I’ll fix a board which will honestly include deserving musicians of all age groups.”

If more 9/11s happen  the dollar is gone‘If more 9/11s happen, the dollar is gone’
Chetna Mehra
Robert Kiyosaki
Robert Kiyosaki, the ‘Rich Dad’ of financial education, does some exciting crystal ball gazing
Globally known for his ‘Rich Dad Poor Dad’ series of motivational books, Robert Kiyosaki wears many hats. He is an entrepreneur, a financial commentator, and an investor. His books — most of them have topped the top 10 best-seller lists in the US — advocate, among other things, financial freedom and getting rich by investing smartly. Kiyosaki was recently in Delhi and spoke to Business Line. Excerpts from the interview:
Why do you think financial literacy is so important?
My objective is to make financial education simple enough that even a child could understand it. My concern is that I can see the gap between the rich and everybody else increasing.
In America, the middle class is coming down; we have more poor people than middle class people today. This could lead to social unrest, a financial anger.
What is the most important lesson one must learn about financial accounting?
To know what is an asset and what is a liability. Assets put money into your pocket whether you ‘work or not’. A job is not an asset, a house or car is not an asset.
But in traditional accounting, a house and a car are considered assets. So, I decided to make the definition so simple that nobody would question it.
Then what is an asset?
The most important word in traditional accounting is ‘cash flow’. If the cash is flowing into your pocket, it’s an asset. For instance, I own a house but everyday the cash is flowing out of my pocket to pay to maintain it, it is a liability not an asset.
But if I rent out the house, everyday I’ll be making money. That same house now becomes an asset.
When I write a book, it’s an asset because I sell the book to 50 publishers throughout the world and every quarter the money comes in. But when I write in the newspaper, every day I have to write, so it’s a job. Cash flow is the most important word in business.
You have been so many things — a miner, real estate tycoon, an entrepreneur, and an author. How did that happen?
It’s just because I was interested. When I was nine years old, I asked my teacher, “When am I going to learn about money?” The teacher said, we don’t teach money at school. Then I asked why? The teacher said, because we go to school to get a job and work for money... and that’s when I met my rich dad - my best friend’s father. My poor dad was my school teacher. He knew nothing about money, he was smart but poor.
Another thing I noticed is a lot of people who teach the subjects they know nothing about. Later in life, I again asked my teacher, “Why am I learning the calculus?” and the teacher couldn’t answer.
So, when I write about money, I want to make sure what I am talking about. I don’t talk about the stock market, I don’t like stock market.
But, I talk about mining because I have mines, I talk about oil because I have oil wells, I talk about real-estate because I have done real-estate. So, part of my motivation is when I write about something, I better practice what I preach.
Reading your articles and books one gets the impression that you tend to devalue school/college education? Do you?
If they had financial education in schools, I would shut up. What is killing the world today is highly-educated, smart people, who know nothing about money. And then we wonder why we have financial problems.
I don’t write for politicians. I write for the average man on the street. I like to make everything simple enough, so they could protect themselves from politicians. Because you and I know... the rich don’t pay taxes. An average person doesn’t know how to do it. They complain about taxes but they don’t know how to not pay taxes.
Talking about taxes, your critics have gone to the extent of accusing you of discouraging people from paying taxes?
(Laughs) Legally, yes. Most people don’t understand taxes. Tax laws are basically incentives. If you do certain things, the Government will give you tax breaks.
So, I am not breaking the law, I am just thinking what is that the government wants me to do. The government wants me to drill for oil because we need energy.
I get tax breaks for drilling for oil. If I consume oil, I get taxed. The tax is passed on to the consumer. I am the producer, the average person is the consumer.
Same is the case with housing in America. I get tax breaks for providing low cost housing. I have 4,500 apartments, and I get huge tax breaks because I provide housing.
But if I own a house, I am taxed. So, the Government incentivises us for what it wants from us. The reason I don’t invest in stocks is I don’t get tax breaks.
So, how much money you make by just not paying the taxes?
Lots... lots. Financial education must include tax because it’s a single largest expense. I’ll say it again, by not paying taxes, I am only doing what the government wants me to do.
Critics also say your advice could be really dangerous, as you tend to ignore the risks involved?
If you are financially uneducated, yes. Let me give you an example. I didn’t know how to fly and I was going to Vietnam. If I didn’t know how to fly and I was flying in Vietnam, it would be very risky. So, the Marine Corps sent me to flying school for three years, and then I went to Vietnam. The risk now was very low but if I had no education, I would be dead.
That’s what Rich Dad, the financial education company does. We let people practice financial education in the form of games. And that’s why school teachers are poor, they punish people for committing mistakes. They don’t do anything because they are afraid of making mistakes. And to be successful, you have to make many mistakes.
When I write about something, I have done it. I don’t write about things I have not done.
You only invest in tangibles? Why do you then own gold and silver mines, and now copper mines too? Is it to hedge against the dollar?
Well, it’s more than that. Silver is industrial metal and gold is disaster metal. With rising terrorism, more 9/11s could be coming. If that happens, the dollar is gone. So, I do not want to hold dollars. I want food, gold and supplies. I want the basics now.
What is the most important advice you would like to give to young investors?
Stay out of stock market (laughs)? It’s the most exciting time to be alive right now. If you are young and smart, you will do extremely well.
(This article was published on September 16, 2014)
Related

Calpers: just not that into you© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/18249ec6-3d7c-11e4-8797-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Olive Garden: spaghetti on the wall© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/c9620b4e-3dbb-11e4-b175-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

10 animales tontunos que mejorarn tu da (VDEOS)10 animales tontunos que mejorarán tu día (VÍDEOS)
EL HUFFINGTON POST
Email
Comentarios
Espejos, iPads, limones o cubitos de hielo. Las cosas que para nosotros son de lo más cotidianas en ocasiones asustan a los animales o las toman como un intruso en su territorio. Recopilamos las reacciones más sorprendentes y tontunas de animales que seguro que te animarán el día.
1. El gato que se asusta al ver dos plátanos
Si es cierto que los gatos tienen siete vidas, éste acaba de perder una al ver algo tan terrible como... ¿dos plátanos en el suelo?
2. El peluche que aterroriza al parque
Estos perros se creían muy valientes al pensar que podían quitarle el hueso al perrito que tomaba despreocupadamente el sol. Lo que no sospechaban es que no era un perro de verdad, sino una marioneta manejada por una chica escondida en una caja. ¡El susto está garantizado!
3. Tan cerca y tan lejos
Parece una escena de circo, pero fue captada en un campo de golf canadiense. Un osezno que se coló en el parque se desvive por jugar con la bandera roja de uno de los hoyos. Consigue doblar el palo, pero ni por esas. Todo lo que logra es caminar en círculos agarrado a él. Pero, ¿quién quiere una bandera cuando hay una pelota abandonada para jugar?
4. El gato que pelea con uno de cerámica
Espalda arqueada, garras afiladas, que si te ataco por detrás, que si te muerdo una oreja. Este gato se encuentra con el rival más duro... ¡es que ni se inmuta!
Post by Wouwi .
5. El perro que entra en bucle persiguiendo un cable
¿Has oído eso de "la pescadilla que se muerde la cola"? Es lo que le ocurre a este perrito con un cable atado. En sus ansias por morder el enchufe, emprende una carrera sin fin en círculos alrededor de un sillón. Entretenimiento asegurado para horas y horas.
6. El gato que caza al ratón... en el iPad
A los gatos les encanta cazar ratones. Mira cómo se vuelve loco este gatito persiguiendo a uno en el iPad.
7. El bulldog vs. el cubito de hielo
¿Quieres tener a un cachorro entretenido durante horas? Es sencillo, basta con que le pongas delante algo tan simple como un cubito de hielo. Mira cómo reacciona este bulldog.
8. El perro guardián que ladra al espejo
Este pastor alemán de un año se toma muy en serio su labor de guardián de la casa. En cuanto ve un intruso se pone a ladrar, ladrar y ladrar. El problema ocurre cuando se ve a sí mismo en un espejo.
9. El gato amenazado por un limón
Medio limón en un cuenco. Eso es todo lo necesario para desquiciar a este gato. Lo mira por todos los lados, mueve el cuenco, alarga la patita receloso... ¿se atreverá a tocarlo?
10. El perro que se castiga a sí mismo
Rooney no sabe mentir y cuando su dueña le pregunta si ha sido él quien ha roto sus gafas no puede hacer otra cosa que agachar la cabeza, poner cara de pena y mandarse a sí mismo a la jaula.
MÁS BICHINOS:

Madrid ya tiene su plaza Margaret Thatcher (FOTOS)Madrid inaugura la primera plaza dedicada a Margaret Thatcher fuera del Reino Unido
EL HUFFINGTON POST / EFE
Email
Comentarios
Paseo de la Castellana... esquina Margaret Thatcher. Desde este lunes, una céntrica plaza madrileña lleva el nombre de la ex primera ministra británica, el primer espacio público fuera del Reino Unido dedicado a esta figura.
La inauguración de esta plaza ha dado lugar al primer encuentro en un acto público entre la alcaldesa de la capital, Ana Botella, y la presidenta del PP de Madrid, Esperanza Aguirre, desde que la primera anunciase su intención de no optar de nuevo a la Alcaldía en las municipales de 2015.
Durante el acto, Ana Botella ha destacado de la ex primera ministra británica su "compromiso con la libertad", que la sitúa, ha dicho, "entre las grandes personalidades del siglo XX" y que explica, ha añadido, que hoy Madrid quiera "reconocer a Margaret Thatcher fijando su nombre en esta gran ciudad, testigo y escenario de la historia".
La alcaldesa de Madrid se ha referido a Thatcher como una persona "de talla histórica" , "la gran líder del Partido Conservador británico de la segunda mitad del siglo XX", una política "transformadora", que "defendió los intereses británicos con ahínco pero participo en las grandes decisiones y acuerdos precursores de la Unión Europea de hoy".
(Sigue leyendo después del mapa)
AGUIRRE: "ES DE JUSTICIA"
Por su parte, Aguirre , que ha permanecido en un segundo plano en el acto, ha dicho en declaraciones a los periodistas que Thatcher fue "rebelde en política", no hizo "lo que se había venido haciendo durante tanto tiempo" y llevó a cabo "sus ideas, explicándolas".
La presidenta del PP de Madrid ha opinado que "es de justicia" este reconocimiento hacia "una política tan importante", mujer y primera ministra de Gran Bretaña, "que tanto hizo en su momento por la libertad".
Una mujer, ha agregado, que "ganó todas las elecciones generales a las que se presentó y que hizo de Gran Bretaña el gran resurgimiento, hizo que la gente volviera a sentirse orgullosa de su país".
El embajador del Reino Unido en España, Simon Manley, ha calificado a Thatcher como "una de las grandes lideres del siglo XX", "indiscutiblemente una gran patriota y servidora de su país" y una "defensora apasionada de una Europa unida y libre, alejada de la Unión Soviética".
Close

Grand jury considering Ferguson shooting gets more time  could consider case until JanuaryBy Mark Berman and Kimberly Kindy September 16 Follow @markberman Follow @kimberlykindy
A memorial at the location where Michael Brown was shot and killed. (Scott Olson/Getty Images)
The grand jury members considering whether to charge the Ferguson police officer who shot and killed Michael Brown  have received an extension and can consider the case until early January, nearly five months after Brown was killed.
This extension, the second given to the St. Louis County grand jury, does not necessarily mean that the jurors will take until Jan. 7 to decide what to do. However, it provides a new deadline for when they must decide whether Darren Wilson could be charged, as well as what charges he could face, for shooting Brown on Aug. 9 .
“We are basically just beginning,” Edward Magee, a spokesman for St. Louis County Prosecutor Robert McCulloch, said Tuesday. “The investigation hasn’t been completed, so neither the county police nor FBI has said we are done.”
He declined to comment on how much of the evidence has been presented to jurors. McCulloch has said that prosecutors will “ present absolutely everything ” to the grand jury. The St. Louis County Police Department is investigating the shooting, while the FBI is conducting a separate investigation.
The additional time means that the jury could potentially push the decision regarding Wilson to the end of the year or into 2015. This would be well after  the protests and the ensuing   militarized police response  that captured international attention in August.
It also means that by the time jurors reach a decision, it could be the dead of winter, which could feasibly be a factor in any protests that could follow this decision. (The average temperature in St. Louis tends to be around the high 70s in August and around the mid-to-low-30s in December and January, according to the National Weather Service.)
It is unclear what the jurors will ultimately decide . Wilson could be charged with murder or manslaughter, though legal experts say murder charges are unlikely and suggest that lesser charges of manslaughter could be possible. They may also opt not to indict him, as there is considerable leeway for when police officers use deadly force . Depending on what the jurors decide, this could spark another public outcry, but this extension means that any protests could occur amid freezing temperatures.
McCulloch’s office is taking a rather unusual approach with this grand jury. Rather than waiting for the police investigations to wrap up before presenting the case, which is the typical process, they are presenting evidence to grand jurors as it arrives. Wilson will be given an opportunity to appear before the grand jury, but he cannot be compelled to appear , Magee said last month.
The standing St. Louis County grand jury, which began hearing evidence in this case Aug. 20 , was originally going to be in session until September. But McCulloch said in a radio interview last month that their term was going to be extended just for this case, adding that prosecutors hoped to present all of their evidence by mid-October. Grand juries can be extended to six months. A judge has now approved an additional 60-day extension, pushing the deadline to Jan. 7.
McCulloch, who has been the county prosecutor since 1991, has been the subject of scrutiny and criticism focusing on both  his personal and professional history . His critics have pointed out that his father, a white police officer, was shot and killed by a black man in the line of duty. And while McCulloch has been in office, there were at least four times in which he presented evidence to a grand jury after a fatal police shooting. None of the officers involved in those incidents was indicted.
Protesters marched last week near Ferguson to protest McCulloch’s remaining on the case, calling for a special prosecutor to replace him. Despite calls from elected leaders and activists , he has said he will not step aside .
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He runs Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.
Kimberly Kindy is a government accountability reporter at The Washington Post.

Rupee flat ahead of Fed meetingRupee flat ahead of Fed meeting
Reuters |  Sep 17, 2014 09:51 AM IST
The rupee is trading at 61.01/02 vs Tuesday's close of 61.0550/0650.
Trading is largely range-bound ahead of Fed meeting.
Asian currencies are mostly up versus the dollar.
Asia FX traders bet Fed will maintain a pledge on low rates when policy meeting ends later in the day.
Support is seen at 60.90 for the USD/INR pair.
Nifty is up 0.3% after its biggest single-day fall in 1-1/2 months on Tuesday.

China stimulus: is it or isnt it© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/1402ebb8-3e26-11e4-b175-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Current Iranian uranium enrichment prog not acceptable: USPress Trust of India | Washington | Posted: September 17, 2014 12:20 pm
Ahead of the crucial nuclear talks between global powers and Iran in New York, the US has said that the international community cannot accept Tehran’s current uranium enrichment programme.
“I fully expect in the days ahead that Iran will try to convince the world that on this pivotal matter, the status quo – or its equivalent – should be acceptable. It is not,” said Under Secretary of State for Political Affair Wendy Sherman.
“If it were, we wouldn’t be involved in this difficult and very painstaking negotiation. The world will agree to suspend and then lift sanctions only if Iran takes convincing and verifiable steps to show that its nuclear program is and will remain entirely peaceful,” she said.
The next round of talks between Iran and the P5+1 nations comprising of the US, Britain, China, Russia, France and Germany begins in New York on Thursday on the sidelines of the 69th annual session of the UN General Assembly.
“Thus far, we can say on the positive side that our talks have been serious and that we have identified potential answers to some key questions. However, to get to a comprehensive agreement, we remain far apart on other core issues, including the size and scope of Iran’s uranium enrichment capacity,” Sherman said in a speech at an award- giving ceremony at Georgetown University on Tuesday.
“We must be confident that any effort by Tehran to break out of its obligations will be so visible and time-consuming that the attempt would have no chance of success. The ideas we have presented to Iran uphold this standard, and are also fair, flexible, and consistent with Iran’s civilian nuclear needs and scientific knowhow,” the American diplomat said.
“As should be obvious, a peaceful solution of this issue is highly desirable because, compared to any alternative, a diplomatic outcome is more likely to be permanent and less likely to generate new risks,” said Sherman, who leads negotiations for the US.
She said an Iran armed with nuclear weapons would have the ability to project devastating power far beyond its borders, threaten Israel and further assist extremists.
“If Tehran developed a nuclear weapon, other countries in the region might well pursue the same goal, generating a potentially catastrophic nuclear arms race and intensifying the sectarian divide that is a major source of Middle East tension,” she said.
“For these reasons, President Obama has pledged that Iran will not be allowed to acquire a nuclear weapon. Since late last year, I have been leading the US negotiating team that is seeking a diplomatic path to that objective,” she said.
“America’s purpose in the negotiation is to develop a plan of lasting duration that would block all of the Islamic Republic’s potential paths to a nuclear weapon,” she added.

Stubb attacked for Finlandisation policyPrime minister Alex Stubb attacked for ‘Finlandisation’ policy
By Richard Milne, Nordic Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b9506fca-3dac-11e4-8797-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Scotland campaigners in final pushGordon Brown makes final push in No campaign
By Alistair Gray in Glasgow and John Aglionby in London
©PA
a person close to the former prime minister said: "Mr Brown has made it clear he is not returning to frontline politics. That position has not changed.”
Gordon Brown delivered an impassioned defence of the UK on Wednesday as the former prime minister called on Scots to reject independence in Thursday’s referendum.
As campaigners from both sides spent the final day ahead of the vote trying to convince the hundreds of thousands of voters who say they are still undecided, Mr Brown urged what he called the silent majority “to be silent no more” and to “let no narrow nationalism split us asunder”.
More
BoE probes money auction rigging fears
“Have confidence, stand up and be counted tomorrow,” he told the final Better Together rally in Glasgow. “Say to your friends, for reasons of solidarity, sharing, pride in Scotland , the only answer is vote No.
“What sort of message would we send out to the rest of the world, we who pioneered a partnership between nations, if tomorrow we said we’re going to give up on sharing, throw our idea of solidarity into the dust?” he said.
“This is not the Scotland I know.”
The latest opinion poll, commissioned by STV and released late Wednesday afternoon, showed just a 2 percentage point lead for the No camp, putting it on 51 per cent among the voters who have decided, with the “Don’t knows” at 5 per cent. The poll by Ipsos-Mori represents a 7 percentage point gain in support for the Yes camp since its last poll in early August.
The latest polls suggest an even narrower lead for the pro-union campaign than the results of three opinion polls on Tuesday night. Among those who have decided, the No camp was 4 percentage points ahead in all three polls, but the Yes side has gained ground. They also showed that between 6 per cent and 14 per cent of the 4.3m eligible voters have yet to make up their minds.
Financial markets analysts said traders were pricing in only a small chance of a Yes vote. “Not a single one of our clients is preparing for a Scottish exit,” said Valentin Marinov, strategist at Citigroup.
The pound was little changed on Wednesday, up 0.2 per cent at $1.6309 in early evening trading.
Both sides are predicting a high turnout. Mary Pitcaithly, the chief counting officer, told the BBC on Wednesday that about 80 per cent of the 790,000 postal votes had been returned.
Alistair Darling, leader of the No campaign, told the Glasgow rally that Scots who wanted certainty should vote No.
“If you have such a momentous decision to take, you need to have certainty. And what is very clear at the end of this long campaign is that from the nationalist side there is no certainty at all.”
The pro-independence campaign holds its final rally in Perth on Wednesday evening, but in the morning dozens of Yes campaigners, brandishing Saltire flags and blue and white balloons, lined the steps outside the Royal Concert Hall in the centre of Glasgow. They were addressed by comedian and Yes campaigner Elaine C Smith.
“Yes, yes, yes,” chanted the mixed-aged crowd, some of whom had been invited to take part in the rally by text as little as a couple of hours beforehand.
“I’ve never seen Glasgow like this,” said Ricky Ross, the Deacon Blue singer. “There’s an excitement about [music] gigs, but this is different because everyone’s involved.”
“It’s electric,” was how Nicholas Stewart, a 37-year-old train driver from Coatbridge, described the atmosphere in Glasgow in recent days.
Around the corner, the No campaign had set up a modest stall on a less fashionable stretch of Sauchiehall Street.
The volunteers tended to be older – and meeker – than their Yes counterparts. Passers-by tended to shun the fliers, although many gave brief words of support or at least a nod and a smile.
Alex Salmond, head of the Yes campaign, was confident of success. “The central mistake that the No campaign has made is to tell the people of Scotland that the land of Adam Smith is not capable of running its own matter financially,” he told the BBC.
He dismissed the new powers offered by Westminster political leaders as “the same package that was offered last spring and was repackaged in desperation”.
Asked what currency an independent Scotland would use, Mr Salmond said it would be the pound. If the Yes side won, “you would find Westminster politicians singing a very different tune” about the terms of a currency agreement to their current opposition, he said.
Earlier, Prime Minister David Cameron told the Times that while the tightness of the race was keeping him awake at night, he had no regrets over how he had handled the referendum and had been right not to offer a third choice on the ballot paper of further devolution.
In depth

Sky Deutschland boards oppose BSkyB bidSky Deutschland boards advise against BSkyB bid
By Henry Mance
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/53c5152a-3e42-11e4-a620-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bramson pledges to more than double value of ElectraEdward Bramson pledges to more than double value of Electra
By Anne-Sylvaine Chassany, Private Equity Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7c10f00a-3e4a-11e4-a620-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

G20 split over review of financial rulesG20 split over assessment of financial rules
By Jamie Smyth in Sydney, Sam Fleming in London and Gina Chon in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/342c1a42-3e47-11e4-a620-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sensex ends 126 points up; automobile stocks gainSensex ends 126 points up; automobile stocks gain
Scenes from the Nats celebration×
Caption
Washington’s 3-0 win over the second -place Braves sends the Nationals to the playoffs for the second time in three years.
  Nationals relief pitcher Drew Storen is mobbed after closing out the ninth inning as Washington clinches the National League East title in Atlanta. Jonathan Newton/The Washington Post
View Photo Gallery —Washington’s 3-0 win over the second -place Braves sends the Nationals to the playoffs for the second time in three years.
Off to one side of the wild clubhouse, the Nationals’ group of Venezuelan players huddled together. Sandy Leon, Wilson Ramos, Asdrubal Cabrera and Jose Lobaton all share a common bond and wanted to commemorate their friendship with a photo. Ramos asked a reporter to snap a photo of Leon, Lobaton and himself, the Venezuelan catching trio.
For Ramos, the moment meant a lot. The last time the Nationals celebrated a division title, he was rehabbing a knee injury and was being pushed around in a shopping cart by teammates. But he couldn’t contribute on the field and that bugged him.
This time, Ramos was behind the plate for every pitch in Tuesday’s game. Even though he suffered a broken hamate bone on opening day and later dealt with a hamstring strain, Ramos was back on the field when it mattered most.
In the final inning of the game, when Drew Storen entered the game to notch the save, Ramos would presumably be nervous to experience the opportunity that his teammates had two years before. Yet he wasn’t. He was calm and content.
“I was happy to be behind the plate in such an important moment for our team,” he said. “Thank God the moments that have happened before playing in Venezuela helped me control my nerves. It’s something that gets you. I’ve been through moments in Venezuela behind the plate that were in big moments that helped me. I didn’t feel pressure or nerves. I just wanted to win and I told myself to do that.”
Lobaton later roamed the room snapping selfies with his cellphone. Doug Fister, the tallest guy in the room, had a GoPro camera strapped to his head recording the raucous scene in the clubhouse. Most players had ski goggles over their eyes but Jayson Werth had swimming goggles instead.
***
On Aug. 5, Nate Schierholtz appeared in a 4-hour, 21-minute game for the duration of four pitches. He came to bat for the Chicago Cubs against the Colorado Rockies at Coors Field, in the ninth inning of a tied game. With the go-ahead run on third, Schierholtz grounded into an inning-ending double play. His average dropped to .192 with a .540 OPS. The Cubs would win in 12 innings, improving their record to 48-63. The next day, the Cubs designated Schierholtz for assignment.
Schierholtz drifted until later in the month, when the Nationals signed him to a minor league contract. Tuesday night, he rushed the field from the Nationals’ dugout, mobbing teammates. He stood off to the side for a moment in the clubhouse, reflecting on how his season had turned. Less than two months, he had been adrift on a team going nowhere, then  cut loose by one of the worst teams in baseball. Now, he played for a division champ.
“I feel so fortunate to be here,” Schierholtz said. “It’s a great group of guys. It’s just the beginning.
“The chemistry here is very rare. Aside from the championship team I was on [in San Francisco], I’ve never been on a team like this. It’s right on par. I love the group of guys. Great staff. I couldn’t ask for anything better.
“The bottom line is, it’s just a great group of guys. Everyone works very hard. Everyone is out there to win. There’s no selfishness here. That’s something really special. It takes a lot to build a team like that. My month here has been awesome. It doesn’t get much better than this.”
As Schierholtz spoke, hitting coach Rick Schu walked past and raised his hand for a high five. “Welcome aboard,” Schu said.
***
Aaron Barrett stood next to the railing of the third base dugout at Turner Field, a Bud Light in his hand and his wife, Kendyl, a few paces away. He had been watching Cole Swindell, a country singer, perform with the rest of his teammates. Six months earlier, Barrett came to Viera, Fla., happy to be around for his first major league camp. He sheepishly told Jamey Carroll they shared a hometown, Evansville, Ind. He had never played above Class AA, and so he had relied on Kendyl for financial support. He never thought he would actually make the team, until he did.
“No shot,” Barrett said. “I was going into spring training just trying to make a name for myself. And then the next thing I know, I make the team. I never dreamt I would be a part of this. The team is unbelievable. Every guy on the team has been awesome. It’s been great for me as a rookie, just coming and being a part of this. I couldn’t have dreamt this up.”
Not far from Barrett, Anthony Rendon sang along to Swindell’s songs. He opened the 2013 season as Barrett’s teammate at Class AA Harrisburg. He got his feet wet last year. This season, he became the Nationals’ most valuable player. As he celebrated, he stepped away for a moment to think about Houston, his hometown, and how much his parents had meant to him.
“It’s really amazing,” Rendon said. “I didn’t grow up in the worst neighborhood. It wasn’t the best either. The Lord has blessed me tremendously to make me have this wonderful step, to be with this great group of guys. See where it goes from here, just take it one day at a time. It’s amazing.”
FROM THE POST

Adam Kilgore and James WagnerWe ask readers who they think the starting quarterback will be to start next season.
Nov 20, 2014
It’s been two weeks since Washington’s 29-26 loss at Minnesota, and the team is eager to get back on the field, this time against Tampa Bay.
Nov 16, 2014
A frequently updating roundup of everything happening around Washignton vs. Tampa Bay.
Nov 16, 2014
Washington fans who are watching what’s happening around the league during the bye week, here’s a place to discuss what you’re seeing.
Nov 9, 2014
Nearing the deadline to make a decision on Leonard Hankerson for the rest of the season, Washington activated the wide receiver and cut a cornerback.
Nov 4, 2014
Jay Gruden and DeSean Jackson’s postgame remarks from after the 29-26 loss to the Vikings, including thoughts on the pregame bus crash and Robert Griffin III’s return
Nov 2, 2014
From the events before kickoff through game’s end, here’s your spot to follow everything happening, no matter what kind of device you’re on.
Nov 2, 2014
Washington announced its inactives for the Vikings game.
Nov 2, 2014
Lots to talk about this morning. Discuss it all here.
Nov 2, 2014
Washington moves safety and 2013 draft pick up from practice squad, lets little-used defensive lineman go.
Nov 1, 2014

Conversations with Obama: One actor left speechless at the thoughtBy JulieAnn McKellogg September 17 Follow @jmckellogg
If given a few minutes to talk one-on-one with President Obama music producer Timbaland, ballet dancer Misty Copeland and "Fort Bliss" actors Pablo Schreiber, Michelle Monaghan, Emmanuelle Chriqui and Gbenga Akinnagbe tell us whether they'd talk up their favorite cause, latest work or just ask to play some hoops. (JulieAnn McKellogg/The Washington Post)
You walk into a room and President Obama is sitting there (This actually happens. It did to my sister. So be ready.) What do you say to him?
We’re putting celebrities up to the test. Do they pitch their cause? We asked music producer Timbaland and Misty Copeland, who were in town this week to attend the Boys and Girls Clubs of America annual gala. Or do they try to convince the president to watch their latest flick? Actors Pablo Schreiber, Michelle Monaghan, Emmanuelle Chriqui and Gbenga Akinnagbe tell us whether they’d talk up their new movie “Fort Bliss” and what they learned in making the film about issues facing military families. Or do you just ask to play some hoops?
Read more Reliable Source:

BJP s Lalitha Kumarmangalam is new National Commission for Women chairpersonSep 17, 2014 at 04:30pm IST
BJP's Lalitha Kumarmangalam is new National Commission for Women chairperson
13
0
New Delhi: Member of BJP's national executive Lalitha Kumarmangalam was on Wednesday appointed the chairperson of the National Commission for Women (NCW).
"Kumarmangalam has been appointed as the NCW chairperson and we would like to welcome her," Union Women and Child Development Minister Maneka Gandhi said, days after she had disapproved the practice of "political appointees" in the Commission.
Giving more details, Gandhi said that Kumarmangalam is from Tamil Nadu and runs an NGO called Prakriti. "She comes from Tamil Nadu. She has a very illustrious lineage, she is Mohan Kumamarmangalam's daughter," she added.
Member of BJP's national executive Lalitha Kumarmangalam was on Wednesday appointed the chairperson of the NCW.
#ncw #bjp #lalitha kumarmangalam
The Minister was asked if Kumarmangalam had any BJP affiliations. "Miss Mangalam does have affiliations but not... in the sense that she has stood for elections twice, but that's about it," Gandhi said.
Asked about the reasons for the choice, Gandhi replied that "This has been decided by the government and the Prime Minister. I know her, I have met her and she is very strong, very forceful in her advocacy of women's needs. I am sure she will be a great asset to the NCW."
When asked about her idea to appoint a judge as the chairperson of NCW, Gandhi replied, "It is in a state of limbo."
The proposal which is aimed at enhancing the powers of the Commission, is awaiting approval from the Law Ministry. However she did not not elaborate on any specific reason because of which it is pending.
She also dismissed suggestions that there was a communication gap between WCD and Law ministries. "I don't think there is a communication gap. I think they have their views on it and perhaps we should at some point work through those views," the Minister said.
Gandhi after taking charge had said that her Ministry wants to bring NCW on par with National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) to effectively deal with cases of violence and harassment against women.
The WCD has proposed more powers for the NCW including giving it powers to investigate, search, seize, issue warrant and arrest in matters of domestic violence, police apathy and sexual harassment at work place.
3

Man assaults school headmistress  teacher in GoaSep 17, 2014 at 04:43pm IST
Man assaults school headmistress, teacher in Goa
6
0
Panaji: A 29-year-old man on Wednesday allegedly assaulted three staff, including headmistress and a teacher, of a school at a village near Panaji and was arrested, police said.
Parikshit Raikar (29) was arrested by Vasco police for trespassing into the school premises at Dabolim village, about 35 kms from here, and assaulting the teachers and a peon at Keshav Sadhana Smriti High School, Deputy Superintendent of Police Lowrence D'Souza said.
The youth, who had an argument with headmistress Sushma Korgaonkar sometime back, entered the school at around 12 noon and assaulted her, he said. He later hit another woman teacher and a peon who had rushed to rescue Korgaonkar.
A 29-year-old man on Wednesday allegedly assaulted three staff, including headmistress and a teacher, of a school at a village near Panaji and was arrested, police said.
The students were unharmed by the man, who was handed over to the police by other staff, D'Souza said. Korgaonkar was referred to Goa Medical College near here where she was treated and discharged.
5

Reviewers hail iPhone 6  iPhone 6 Plus as Apple Inc comes out of  bygone eraE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

READ IN: Dempseys Day EditionSubscribe to Read In and get the political news you need to know delivered to your inbox, every weekday at 8 a.m. ET! It's fast, easy and -- best of all -- free!
A1: The stories you need to read before your first conference call.
-- The House is expected to vote today on a resolution authorizing force against Islamic State militants. The resolution explicitly says the House does not support U.S. forces taking an active role on the ground. ( Washington Post ) Iraqi politicians are still debating who should become the next ministers of defense and interior. On Tuesday, Parliament rejected Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi's two choices for the prominent positions. ( Washington Post )
-- Testifying before the Senate Armed Services Committee, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Gen. Martin Dempsey said U.S. troops might need to become involved in ground operations against Islamic State militants by embedding with Iraqi or Kurdish troops. U.S. commanders have already sought permission to deploy military advisers alongside Iraqi troops; in August, Army Gen. Lloyd Austin wanted to send U.S. troops with Iraqis fighting for control of the Mosul dam, in order to call in airstrikes. ( Washington Post )
-- The Pentagon said Tuesday it will dispatch Maj. Gen. Darryl Williams to oversee and coordinate the response to the Ebola outbreak in West Africa. Williams will be based in Monrovia, Liberia, with a separate regional staging base in Senegal, which hasn't been seriously impacted by the crisis. The White House notified Congress on Tuesday that the Pentagon would redirect $500 million in unobligated funds to support the mission; on top of a request to repurpose another $500 million, the Pentagon said it could spend up to $1 billion fighting the disease. ( Washington Post )
-- The number of Americans without health insurance has dropped dramatically, according to the National Health Interview Survey, the first formal measure of those covered by health insurance since HealthCare.gov launched last year. About 41 million people remain uninsured, an 8 percent decline since last year. The most significant declines came among 19-25 year olds. ( New York Times )
-- NASA has awarded contracts worth a total of $6.8 billion to Boeing and SpaceX to develop a new manned spacecraft to ferry astronauts to the International Space Station. The companies are aiming to perform a manned test flight to the space station by 2017. The U.S. has been paying Russia about $70 million a seat to transport American astronauts to space since retiring the shuttle program in 2011. ( Los Angeles Times )
-- A New York Times/CBS News survey shows President Obama's approval rating heading into his second midterm election is almost as bad as George W. Bush's was heading into the 2006 midterms. The poll shows voters trust Republicans more than Democrats to handle the economy, foreign policy and terrorism, and Republicans lead the generic Congressional ballot by 6 points. Democrats have only a one-point edge among women, and they're losing suburban voters by 11 points. ( New York Times ) This is close to wipe-out territory for Democrats.
-- Front Pages: WaPo , NYT , WSJ and LA Times all lead with Dempsey's testimony on Tuesday. WaPo two-column lead: "Combat role is not off the table" for U.S. troops. WSJ: "General Opens Door to Ground Troops." USA Today leads with the Pentagon-led fight against Ebola, with Dempsey at the fold.
National Roundup: What's happening outside the Beltway.
-- Kansas: The state Supreme Court on Tuesday sharply questioned an attorney representing Secretary of State Kris Kobach (R) over whether Shawnee County District Attorney Chad Taylor (D) should remain on the Senate ballot. Kobach's office submitted letters showing every candidate since 2006 who has dropped out of a race either declared they were incapable of serving or explained why they needed to withdraw. The letter Taylor wrote did not contain any reasons for his quitting the race. The court has to act quickly, because ballots must be mailed by Saturday. ( Wichita Eagle )
-- Illinois: A federal grand jury in Chicago has issued a subpoena seeking records of a 2010 anti-violence program spearheaded by Gov. Pat Quinn's (D) office. The $54.5 million Neighborhood Recovery Initiative is already under investigation by a federal grand jury in Springfield, which has subpoenaed records and emails from Quinn's former chief of staff. Republicans have criticized the anti-violence program as a slush fund aimed at ginning up Democratic turnout in 2010. It's not clear if the two federal prosecutors are working together. ( Chicago Tribune )
-- Virginia: Gov. Terry McAuliffe (D) says he supports a proposal from Fairfax Delegate Thomas Rust (R) to use federal funds to expand health care coverage for the uninsured through private insurance purchased through employer group plans, Medicaid managed-care policies or the federal HealthCare.gov marketplace. The legislature meets Thursday for a special session to consider Medicaid expansion. House Speaker William Howell (R) said he still does not support accepting the $26 billion available to Virginia to expand coverage. ( Richmond Times-Dispatch )
-- Nevada: Success has a thousand fathers: Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid on Tuesday claimed credit for helping bring a lithium battery factory run by Tesla to Northern Nevada, after Congress passed a 2007 energy bill that gave the electric car manufacturer a $465 million loan guarantee to build their first plant in California. Reid gave credit to Gov. Brian Sandoval (R), who led negotiations with the company. Sandoval asked Reid to call the company during those negotiations. ( Las Vegas Review-Journal )
DC Digest: What's on tap today in DC.
-- President Obama wakes up in Tampa this morning, where he'll visit U.S. Central Command at MacDill Air Force Base for briefings on the Islamic State. Obama will tour the Joint Operations Center and address troops. This afternoon, Obama heads back to D.C., and this evening he hosts a picnic for members of Congress at the White House.
-- Vice President Biden heads to Des Moines today to help kick off a voter registration drive led by Nuns on the Bus. Biden will make remarks at the Iowa Capitol. We're guessing it's not the last time Biden will travel to Des Moines in the next few years.
-- The House meets at 10 a.m., with legislative business beginning at noon. They are expected to complete consideration of House Armed Services Committee chairman Buck McKeon's (R-Calif.) amendment authorizing the use of force against Islamic State militants. Once that passes, the House is expected to easily pass the continuing resolution that will keep the government funded.
-- The House Select Committee on Benghazi holds its first public hearing today, four months after it was created. The panel will use today's hearing to discuss steps the Obama administration has taken to improve security at U.S. embassies in the two years since the attack took place. The State Department's chief of diplomatic security is expected to testify. ( Associated Press )
-- The Senate meets at 10 a.m. for morning business, followed by action on a handful of nominations. Leaders expect a roll call vote on the nomination of John Bass to become the next U.S. Ambassador to Turkey, and voice votes confirming ambassadors to Zambia and Namibia, a U.N. official, an Assistant Secretary of the Army, an Inspector General of the Federal Housing Finance Authority and the Chief Financial Officer of HUD.
TV Time Out: Our exclusive look at who's advertising, and where.
-- The Big Picture: Democratic Senate candidates and their outside allies have run more advertisements in the last two weeks than Republican Senate candidates and their independent friends. About 30 percent of the total number of ads run were paid for by interest groups. TV advertising is up 27.5 percent over the same two-week period in 2010. ( Wesleyan Media Project )
-- More Big Picture: Democrats have run more ads than Republicans in Kentucky, North Carolina, Michigan, Iowa, Louisiana, Colorado, Arkansas, Georgia and Virginia. Republicans have only run more ads than Democrats in Alaska over the last two weeks. Just over a quarter of all ads run in Senate races were positive, while 55 percent were purely negative. More than 70 percent of ads run by House candidates were positive. Only about 46 percent of ads run by Senate candidates were positive. ( Wesleyan Media Project )
-- Kentucky: NFIB is the latest group to get involved on behalf of Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (R). They'll spend $30,000 on radio ads and another $35,000 on digital ads, according to new FEC filings. That's not much, but it's another voice for McConnell, who's swamped former Secretary of State Alison Lundergan Grimes (D) on TV and radio of late. ( FEC )
The Buried Lede: The nuggets that deserve the spotlight.
-- House Speaker John Boehner makes sure his staff is exercising. Boehner's staff holds meetings walking around the Capitol Rotunda. Sen. John Boozman (R) can send happy faces or sad faces to other users on his network, which keeps track of how many steps his staffers have taken. And Rep. Fred Upton (R-Mich.) compares his step counts with White House chief of staff Denis McDonough. They're all using FitBits, or similar wristbands that keep track of just how far a wearer has walked. ( Washington Post ) And further proof that we all need to get a life?
B1: Business, politics and the business of politics
-- What Koch brothers advantage? Senate Majority PAC and Patriot Majority, the two Democratic outside groups tied to strategists close to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, have spent at least $36 million on voter outreach and TV ads backing Democratic candidates. Susan McCue, a former Reid chief of staff, and J.B. Poersch, who ran the DSCC for three cycles, run the Senate Majority PAC. Craig Varoga, Reid's old communications director, runs Patriot Majority.
-- Their big strategic decision this year: Lay down air cover early, to keep Democratic candidates in the game as long as possible. Senate Majority PAC started running ads in Arkansas as early as June 2013. But the bigger groups have come at the expense of individual super PACs aimed at backing specific candidates. PACs set up for Sens. Kay Hagan (D-N.C.), Mark Pryor (D-Ark.) and Mary Landrieu (D-La.) all died before they got off the ground. ( Washington Post )
C1: The long reads you'll need to check out before tonight's cocktail party.
-- The Defense Department program that ships military equipment to local law enforcement has handed over grenade launchers, rifles and mine-resistant vehicles to agencies affiliated with at least 120 schools, universities and colleges. The 1033 Program has transferred almost 900 assault rifles to school police; the Los Angeles School Police Department has even received three grenade launchers and an MRAP vehicle. In just the past few weeks, the police department attached to Pinellas County Schools in Florida received 22 M16 rifles. ( Washington Post )
-- New House Majority Whip Steve Scalise (R-La.) is winning praise from rank-and-file Republicans who say his early actions show he's reaching out beyond leadership's inner circle. He has built a members-only lounge on the first floor of his Capitol office suite, stocked with soda and snacks, and he's relying on the personal relationships that have helped him advance up the Republican ladder to make him a successful whip. ( Washington Post )
C4: The comics page, fun things to read when you're bored at work
-- If your significant other smells good, it might be because he or she votes the same way you do. A study published this month in the American Journal of Political Science, authored by researchers at Brown University, found people prefer the body odors of those who share an ideology, at least to a small degree. The study involved 125 participants who sniffed stinky armpit pads and rated the smells on a 1 to 5 scale. ( Washington Post ) Gross.
Attn Matt Drudge: Things conservatives will get outraged by today.
-- A report issued by the Government Accountability Office on Monday found insurance companies are ignoring a provision in the Affordable Care Act that governs paying for elective abortions. The report found 17 of 18 insurers reviewed did not separately itemize a charge for coverage of abortions as required by the ACA. The provision was inserted to win votes from pro-life Democrats who opposed federal subsidies for abortions. ( Tennessean )
Attn HuffPo: What outrages liberals today
-- Climate change could dramatically boost the amount of money federal and state governments spend to fight wildfires, a new report by several environmental groups finds. The cost of fighting wildfires could jump from $125 billion a year today to $185 billion a year by 2050, because so much more of the American West will be susceptible to burning. Areas susceptible to wildfires are expected to increase by 50 to 100 percent in the next 35 years. ( Los Angeles Times )
Reid Wilson covers state politics and policy for the Washington Post's GovBeat blog. He's a former editor in chief of The Hotline, the premier tip sheet on campaigns and elections, and he's a complete political junkie.

SmartTrak to popularise tracking system for solar installationsHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
SmartTrak to popularise tracking system for solar installations
V. Rishi Kumar
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sept. 17:  
SmartTrak is seeking to popularise its smart tracking technology for solar power projects, rooftop solar installations and solar water pumps.
The Hyderabad-based company has so far deployed this technology solution developed in-house in over 20 mw of solar power projects and is now seeking to introduce for rooftop solar power units and for solar water pumps in rural areas.
According to the company solar trackers help maximise the amount of incoming light by following the Sun as it moves across the sky. With solar trackers, the energy production of a photovoltaic plant can be increased by up to 45 per cent in optimal conditions as they change directions with the movement of Sun.
Addressing a press conference, Bhagwan Reddy, Chief Executive Officer and Naveen Tadipatri, Chief Marketing Officer of SmartTrak, said that they have filed for patents for the technology and expect to see it getting deployed in the State and other parts of the country.
The investment to deploy these trackers works out to about 7-8 per cent more but the pay back is faster, the company executives said.
The company expects to close this financial year with a revenue of about Rs 60 crore and sees its volumes swell as the technology gets popular.
“We are looking at an Initial Public Offer (IPO) early next fiscal. This will come under the small and medium sized company category,” Reddy said.
The company solution for solar pumps has been designed to even retrofit the exiting pumps. With the Government seeking to popularise solar pumps in rural areas, we are looking at this stream too,” Naveen said.
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

Oil battle fuels Africas lengthy conflictBattle for oil fuels Africa’s lengthy conflict
By Javier Blas, Africa Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/458a9ea6-3cc3-11e4-871d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Australia and Singapore sign data pactAustralia and Singapore sign derivatives data pact
By Jeremy Grant in Singapore
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1d3e23de-3e51-11e4-b7fc-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ranbaxy says US authorities seek info on pri...You are here: Home > Collections > Bse
Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd says US authorities seek information on pricing data
PTI Sep 17, 2014, 05.58PM IST
Tags:
Ranbaxy
("The CID is a request for…)
NEW DELHI: Ranbaxy Laboratories today said the US Department of Justice has demanded information relating to the manner in which the company reports pricing data for certain products eligible for reimbursement under the Medicaid program.
The company has received a Civil Investigative Demand (CID) from the US Department of Justice, Ranbaxy Laboratories said in a filing to the BSE.
Ranbaxy, which has been penalised by the US authorities in the past, said the CID is a request for documents and information and is not an allegation of wrongdoing or demand for compensation.
"The company would fully cooperate with this civil investigation," it added.
The Gurgaon-based firm, which has been facing regulatory hurdles in the US, is in the process of being acquired by rival Sun Pharma in a USD 4 billion deal.
The US Food and Drug Administration (USFDA) had clamped down on the company for manufacturing norms violations and banned import of drugs produced at the Ranbaxy's four plants in India.
In May last year, Ranbaxy pleaded guilty to 'felony charges' related to the manufacture and distribution of certain 'adulterated' drugs made at the Dewas and Paonta Sahib units and agreed to pay USD 500 million to US authorities as penalty.
Ranbaxy shares today closed at Rs 597.65 apiece on the BSE, down 0.24 per cent from its previous close.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mark Berman and Kimberly KindyThe start-up upgrades its offering as it moves to be the dominant beacon platform.
Nov 19, 2014
U.S. chief technology officer Megan Smith discusses how to ensure girls pursue engineering careers.
Nov 19, 2014
Wearable technology is making it possible to get instant updates on the health of your loved ones.
Nov 19, 2014
This Dutch project puts your average bike path to shame.
Nov 17, 2014
The Tesla CEO’s cousin explains why he compares the entrepreneur to ‘The Matrix’ character.
Nov 17, 2014
The NFL is funding Army research to design liquid-filled straps to protect players from hard hits.
Nov 13, 2014
A Hungarian soccer team uses biometrics to verify the identity of fans so hooligans can’t sneak in.
Nov 12, 2014
Tehran is suddenly home to thriving start-ups with profits, big dreams and plucky founders.
Nov 10, 2014
It was an overpriced and unpleasant experience until I tried out FrameBridge.
Nov 10, 2014
Be extremely wary of innovation rankings based off patent activity.
Nov 6, 2014
Load More
About
Matt McFarland is the editor of Innovations, where he writes about the people, ideas and companies that are changing the world.
Most Read

Rupee jumps 13 paise vs dollar ahead of US Fed policy meet outcomeHi Guest
Rupee jumps 13 paise vs dollar ahead of US Fed policy meet outcome
The Indian rupee appreciated for the second day in a row and ended 13 paise higher at 60.92 against the Greenback following sustained dollar selling by exporters ahead of a decision on US interest rates by Federal Reserve. A weak dollar overseas also aided the rupee rise while fresh sell-off by foreign funds in domestic stocks capped the currency's gains, forex dealers said. Dealers added that they are awaiting the outcome of Federal Open Market Committee two-day policy meet, which began on ...

Sony heads for deeper loss as it shrinks struggling smartphone businessSony heads for deeper loss as it shrinks struggling smartphone business
TiE Business Plan competition for student startupsTiE Business Plan competition for student startups
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sept. 17:  
The Indus Entrepreneurs (Hyderabad) has asked the student startups to take part in the fourth edition of TiE International Business Plan Competition 2015 (TIBPC). The startups from Hyderabad will compete with peers from various geographies including the UK, Hong Kong, Dubai and Brussels.
The candidates should submit their applications and executive summaries by October 12. The handpicked teams would present their ideas on October 20. They should be ready with full business plans by November 23. “We will conduct the local chapter competitions by January 4 next. It will be followed by Regional finals for Asia on February 5 in Delhi,” Murali Bukkapatnam, President of TiE (Hyderabad), said here in a statement on Wednesday.
New ventures in the seed or early stage, seeking funds from external sources can take part in the competition. “Except the Social Ventures track, all participating entities must be ‘for profit’. The teams must own collectively at least 20 per cent of equity and should not have sales revenue prior to August 1, 2014,” he said.
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

Deficit rainfall likely to hit Rabi sowing: SinghTruant monsoon could hit Rabi crop prospects too
Tomojit Basu
Radha Mohan Singh
New Delhi, Sept. 17:  
With deficit rainfall at 11 per cent, Union Agriculture Minister Radha Mohan Singh stated on Wednesday that parts of the country that had been acutely affected by the erratic monsoon this year will find the Rabi (winter) sowing season challenging.
Major wheat producing states like Uttar Pradesh (UP), Haryana and Madhya Pradesh, have had shortfalls in rain with UP declaring 40 districts as drought-hit this week. Haryana had declared all 22 districts drought affected on September 2. Wheat, barley, potato, mustard and maize, are the primary Rabi crops and are sowed at the beginning October and harvested in spring.
“Regions that received deficit rainfall will be affected during sowing for the Rabi season. However, despite 11 per cent deficit in rainfall, the situation is not like during 2009 and acreage is down only 3 per cent,” said Singh at the inauguration of a national event highlighting various aspects of the Rabi season.
“We managed to institute timely policies to face the challenges of the delayed monsoon. We implemented a diesel subsidy scheme, increased ceiling of the subsidy on seeds, waived duties on the imports of various feed ingredients and provided financial support for horticultural crop growers etc. Contingency plans were prepared for 565 districts,” he added, stating that States would be provided all assistance to achieve production targets.
Singh reiterated that prices would be kept under control, using the example of prevailing prices for potatoes and onions at Rs.30-35 per kilogram (kg) as compared to Rs.80 per kg under the previous government at this time last year.
Fallow land utilisation & production targets
State governments have been asked to utilise nearly 3.37 million hectares of land that was left unsown during the kharif season due to the shortfall in rain. Production of pulses and oilseeds on such land where moisture content had improved would be concentrated on.
J S Sandhu, the Agriculture Commissioner, informed that the production target for wheat had been set at 94 mt and that the Government would attempt to utilize 3.37 million hectares of land that had been left fallow during the kharif due to the shortage of rainfall. The year’s targets for rice (14 mt), barley (1.75 mt), maize (6 mt), millets (2.5 mt), pulses (12.5 mt), oilseeds (11 mt) and foodgrains (130.75 mt) were also released.
“We are trying to enforce seed certification standards and also further the area application of micronutrients in the soil. The promotion of seed production during the off-season to make up for deficiencies is something we are trying as well planning in advance for summer pulses,” said Sandhu. Strategies to tackle wheat crop diseases like Yellow Rust and Karnal Bunt were underway as well, he added.
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

Live Cricket Score  CLT20  KKR vs CSK: KKR clash against CSK in openerRyan ten Doeschate struck a fine unbeaten 51 to guide IPL champions Kolkata Knight Riders to a seven-wicket win over Chennai Super Kings. (Source: BCCI)
Press Trust of India | Hyderabad | Posted: September 17, 2014 6:31 pm | Updated: September 18, 2014 12:21 pm
Andre Russell smashed a breathtaking half century while Ryan ten Doeschate struck a fine unbeaten 51 to guide IPL champions Kolkata Knight Riders to a three-wicket win over Chennai Super Kings in a Group A match of the Oppo Champions League Twenty20, in Hyderabad on Thursday.
Chasing a competitive 158 for win, KKR were in trouble after slumping to 51 for five inside 10 overs.
But Russell (58 off 25) and Ten Doeschate shared match-winning 80 runs for the sixth wicket off just 42 balls to keep KKR afloat.
After Russell’s dismissal, Ten Doeshchate took the onus on himself to guide KKR home and managed to achieve that with six balls to spare.
KKR’s chase, however, started on a horrendous note as they lost their first four wickets inside the 30-run mark.
Left-arm pacer Ashish Nehra (4/21) was the wrecker in chief for KKR. He accounted for the wickets of KKR skipper Gautam Gambhir, Manish Pandey and Manvinder Bisla in quick succession to rattle CSK.
In fact, Nehra was on the verge of a hat-trick as he dismissed Gambhir and Pandey in consecutive balls in the third over.
Yusuf Pathan too failed to sparkle as he edged a Mohit Sharma delivery to Faf du Plessiss in the first slip in the fourth over.
Young Suryakumar Yadav started brightly with a 17-ball 19 before he was caught by Ravichandran Ashwin off Ravindra Jadeja in the ninth over with KKR scoreboard reading 51 for five in nine overs.
But Ten Doeshchate and Russell had other plans as they started cautiously to build up the chase before opening up. Russell was the aggressive among the duo as he laced his knock with four boundaries and five huge sixes. Ten Doeschate, on the other hand, played the second fiddle and struck three fours and two hits over the fence during his unbeaten knock.
Russell was at his attacking best as he struck two massive sixes of Mohit Sharma in the 16th over to not only bring KKR closer but also bring up his half century in style.
Russell added salt to Mohit and CSK’s wounds by finishing off the over with a boundary to score 18 runs off the 16th over.
Just when it seemed Russell’s pyrotechnics would take the game away from CSK, Nehra cleaned up the West Indian with a gem of an yorker to pick up his fourth wicket of the day and bring his side back into the game.
But Ten Doeschate kept a calm head and guided KKR home in exactly 19 overs in Piyush Chawla’s company.
Earlier, CSK rode on late bursts from skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni and Dwayne Bravo to post a fighting 157 for four.
With CSK in a spot of bother at 86 for four in 12.3 overs, Dhoni and Bravo joined hands to pull the team out of trouble with an unbeaten 71-run partnership off just 45 balls.
Dhoni finished the innings unbeaten on 35 off 20 balls with the help of three fours and two sixes, while Bravo decorated his unconquered run-a-ball 28-run knock with two boundaries and as many hits over the fence.
Sent into bat, CSK were off to a quick start with the opening pair of Dwayne Smith and Brendon McCullum sharing 37 runs runs off 24 balls.
Smith’s 20-run knock off 13 balls was laced with four boundaries before he was caught behind off leg-spinner Chawla (2/26).
McCullum (22 off 19) followed suit as he was struck plumb in front of the wicket by part-time spinner Pathan (1/16) while attempting a reverse sweep.
With CSK in a spot of bother at 49 for two in 6.4 overs, Suresh Raina took the onus on himself to resurrect his side’s innings in the company of Du Plessiss.
The duo added 35 runs for the third wicket before Raina was adjudged LBW off Sunil Narine (1/9) in the 12th over with CSK’s score reading 84 for three.
With KKR producing a disciplined bowling effort in the middle overs, the CSK batsmen found it difficult to score runs easily.
CSK’s problems compounded further when Du Plessiss departed in the 13th over to give Chawla his second wicket of the day.
With runs hard to come by off the spinners, CSK batsmen waited for the pacers to open up.
They finally did when a gutsy Dwayne Bravo opened up against Umesh Yadav and punished the pacer for two fours in the 14th over.
Inspired by Bravo’s strokeplay, Dhoni too opened his arms and smashed Russell for two fours to pick up 12 runs in the 15th over.
With overs running out, it was desperate times for CSK batsmen and young Pat Cummins became the victim when Bravo clobbered the pacer for two sixes in the 17th over that yielded 21 runs.
Cummins was once again at the firing line as Dhoni whacked the bowler over deep midwicket boundary for a six in the penultimate over.
Dhoni took Umesh Yadav for task and struck a four and a humongous six off the last ball to finish off the innings in style.
Ten Doeschate kept a calm head and guided KKR home in exactly 19 overs in Chawla's company.

IT stocks like Infosys in limelight; gain up...You are here: Home > Collections > Infosys
IT stocks like TCS, Infosys in limelight; gain up to 4 per cent
PTI Sep 17, 2014, 08.28PM IST
Tags:
Infosys
( IT stocks gained as much…)
MUMBAI: IT stocks today gained as much as 4 per cent as investors poured in funds on hopes that a recovery in the US will boost growth of the key sector.
Among blue-chips, shares of Infosys rose by 2.29 per cent and TCS gained 1.31 per cent on the BSE. Hexaware Tech jumped 4.11 per cent, Wipro went up by 1.41 per cent, HCL Tech (1.18 per cent) and Tech Mahindra (0.24 per cent).
Sectorwise, IT index out-shined other sectoral indices. The BSE IT index gained the most by rising 1.52 per cent.
Meanwhile, Wipro Arabia, a subsidiary of India's third largest IT firm Wipro, has bagged a contract from Saudi-based Saudi Electricity Company ( SEC ) for implementing and rolling out plant maintenance and project system functionality of SAP ERP application.
Infosys is enabling Muji, a leading retailer in Japan, to deliver a superior shopping experience through real-time insights into the buying behavior of its customers.
FEATURED ARTICLES

L&T ready to quit Hyd metro proj if issues n...Chief Minister
(When asked if L&T offers…)
HYDERABAD: L&T Metro Rail Hyderabad Ltd, the developer of the 72-km elevated metro rail here, today said it has written a letter to the Telangana government and offered to walk out of the Rs 16,000 crore-plus project as a last resort if issues concerning it are not sorted out.
However, the infrastructure major also insisted that it was keen to complete the ambitious project, saying that exchange of such letters is a "common practice" between any two parties.
When asked if L&T offers to hand over the project to the government, its chief executive and managing director V B Gadgil said, "In case the issues do not get settled."
He was speaking to reporters after a meeting with Chief Minister K Chandrasekhar Rao and chief secretary Rajiv Sharma at the secretariat.
"That (to quit) is one solution we have told them in case both of us are not able to resolve," he said but later added, "But that is only a gesture. Now there is a contact also."
Gadgil further said that writing such letters has been a common practice.
"All such letters are very common between parties. These are contractual letters written by one party to the other party. Both the parties have right to reply and get the issues resolved. There are number of possible ways to resolve issues in any contract," Gadgil said.
The prestigious Metrorail project hit a roadblock due to a host of issues such as realignment to avoid the Assembly Building and Sultan Bazar and the right of way in some areas.
"I reiterate my stand that we have no official communication of realignment except for stopping of work at some parts. Beyond that we are not sure...," Gadgil said.
The chief minister earlier in the day held multiple meetings with senior officials after a section of press reported that L&T offered to quit the project over a number of reasons.
Terming the media reports as a deliberate attempt to show the project in a poor light, a statement from the CM's Office said the correspondence between the L&T and the government is a routine thing.
"These select newspapers have chosen to publish the latest correspondence mischievously and in isolation," the statement said.
Gadgil further said that the company has been writing letters to the government highlighting some of the issues that have become stumbling blocks for the project since February.
"Project continues to be viable as of now. Viability has to be checked every now and then in a long run project," he added.
Referring to media reports, Gadgil said the newspapers have taken only certain portion of their recent letter and combined it with the previous ones.
Gadgil had earlier said that the company has so far pumped in Rs 4,800 crore, completing 28 per cent of the total project.
On account of delays from various quarters, the project is likely to see a cost escalation of between Rs 2,500 crore to Rs 3,000 crore, he had said.
Senior officials of the Telangana government, including chief secretary Rajiv Sarma, will be going to Delhi to discuss with officials to take the project forward and to take up the 2nd phase of Metro Rail project, according to the statement.
L&T Hyderabad Metro Rail Pvt Ltd is an L&T subsidiary, which is developing the metro with an investment of Rs 14,132 crore. The total cost is Rs 16,375 crore (Rs 14,132 crore for the metro rail system and another Rs 2,243 crore for the real estate development).
FEATURED ARTICLES

Kanpurs Green Park stadium will be exclusive Test venue: RajivShuklaPrint
Posted: September 17, 2014 7:18 pm
Uttar Pradesh Cricket Association (UPCA) secretary Rajeev Shukla today said that new stadia will be built in the state to host IPL and limited-over matches while Green Park here will be used solely as a Test venue.
“To host big tournaments like the IPL, a city should have at least two 5 Star hotels, which Kanpur does not have. Other than that a stadium with a minimum capacity of 50,000 spectators is a must for such events and thus UP’s industrial capital cannot host an IPL game,” said Shukla who was here to take part in UPCA’s Annual General Meeting (AGM).
“Greater Noida, which seems to posses all the much-needed facilities for international tournament, can play host to IPL matches. Even the players and officials of the franchise teams will find it a good venue,” said the BCCI vice-president.
Shukla reiterated his promise of building three new international-level cricket stadiums in the state. He also said that the association is also planning an international cricket academy in Kanpur, which will have foreign players interacting with the upcoming local boys for greater exposure.
“Ghaziabad or Agra in west UP, Varanasi and Kanpur in east UP are on the radar for building of three new international stadiums. We are in search of land for these stadiums. Grounds are also being developed in cities like Gorakhpur, Allahabad and Moradabad to conduct Ranji and International matches,” said Shukla.
“Work is in progress for an International academy in Kanpur’s Kamla Club and four former players have been appointed as coach. The academy will be equipped with a 3 Star hotel level hostel, gym and added facilities will be provided.
Also in the set-up, former West Indies bowlers are being contacted as coaches and for fielding and batting departments, ex-players from South Africa and Australia are being contacted,” he added.
Shukla further said that cricket will be given a boost in all the districts of the state to encourage young talent to come forward and blossom at the national level.

Armaan Kohli  Tanishaa set to tie the knot  tweets friendMikaPrint
The good news became official when Armaan's good friend and singer Mika Singh took to Twitter to announce the couple's union.
Written by Apurva Singh , Edited by Sarika Sharma | New Delhi | Posted: September 17, 2014 7:16 pm | Updated: September 18, 2014 11:12 am
Controversial reality show ‘Bigg Boss’ season seven contestants Armaan Kohli and Tanishaa Mukherji are all set to take their relationship to the next level. The “very much-in love” couple is set to tie the knot.
The good news became official when Armaan’s good friend and singer Mika Singh took to Twitter to announce the couple’s union.
Good news for all friends that Armaan Kohli and Tanisha is getting married soon!! Guys Give them ur best wishes. I’m so happy, Congrats!
— King Mika Singh (@MikaSingh) September 14, 2014
However, we are still to get any confirmation from the couple – Tanishaa and Armaan – themselves. Tanishaa recently attended the birthday bash of Armaan’s father Rajkumar Kohli. Armaan partied with his Bigg Boss friends VJ Andy, Elli Avram, Chunkey Pandey, Avinash Wadhwe, Mika Singh, Sohail Khan, Aditya Pancholi and several others. Armaana and Tanishaa who always stood by each other during the show, also visited the famous Vaishno Devi shrine in Jammu to seek blessings last month.
@TanishaaMukerji ,For my sher and shernies , went to take blessings,at veshnudevi , mata rani bless us , jai mata di pic.twitter.com/FNY6xRJnW7
— Armaan kohli (@armaankohli) August 8, 2014
Tanishaa’s family including her mom and veteran actress Tanuja, sister Kajol have still not spoken on her relationship with Armaan.

Nagaland Police bust illegal tax racket run byNSCN(IM)Print
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: September 17, 2014 7:11 pm
Three weeks after the newly-appointed Governor of Nagaland had constituted a high-powered committee (HPC) to inquire into illegal and multiple taxations in the state, the police have unearthed a a well organized network of illegal taxation on transport and commercial vehicles which was reportedly controlled by the NSCN (I-M) cadres and involved 17 transport & goods companies in it.
The police action also comes almost exactly a year after NGOs, civil society organisations and tribal bodies like the Naga Council had launched a state-wide movement under Action Committee Against Unabated Taxation (ACAUT) against rampant “taxation” imposed by different groups including different NSCN factions.
Dimapur Police additional SP Wati Jamir said that the network was controlled by some NSCN (IM) cadres and run from the offices of different transport and goods carrier companies/agencies based in Dimapur. The Anti-extortion Team of Dimapur Police which unearthed the racket said it was a “big and well organized network” of illegal taxation running into crores of rupees and involved more than 17 transport and goods carrier companies in Dimapur, the commercial hub of the hill state. Several persons have been taken into custody while all the transport company offices in Dimapur closed down.
The racket first came to light when the Anti-extortion Team of Dimapur police arrested one Raja, a Manager of a Guwahati-Nagaland Carrying Service, with its office at Golaghat Road on August 30, for collecting illegal tax from transport trucks in the name of Company Goods Carrying Agency, suspected to be a fake agency.
“Police officers investigating the case were stunned to discover a big and well-organized network of illegal taxation running into crores of rupees. Based on specific inputs the investigating team on Monday raided and searched the office of one M/S Freight Carriers (India) Pvt. Ltd located at MST Road, Dimapur which led to the recovery and seizure of 43 illegal lorry challans for trucks plying on the Guwahati-Imphal route through Nagaland,” Jamir said.
The police also found that all the challans were signed and bore the signature of one John, a NSCN(IM) cadre. The managers of the company identified as Rajbir Sharma and Vikash Sharma were taken into custody for questioning, the additional SP said.
During questioning, the two managers admitted that “taxes” were collected from all Manipur-bound transport trucks by issuing the seized lorry challans on the direction of the cadres of NSCN(IM). They also revealed that all the transport companies based in Dimapur were involved in the illegal collection. Based on their disclosure, managers and owners of all transport companies in Dimapur were summoned by the police and their statements were recorded.
Jamir also said that all Manipur-bound transport and commercial trucks coming from outside the state are directed by this “tax” racket to report to the branch or agency of the transport company in Dimapur once they enter Nagaland, where they are asked to pay the illegal taxation and obtain the tax challan without which the trucks cannot proceed.
On obtaining the tax challan, trucks reach Mao Gate (on Nagaland-Manipur border) where an “In Gate continued…

Dont feel depressed with bypoll defeats  says Amit Shah to partyworkersShah said he had visited Maharashtra and Haryana and there is "a wave of change" in both states where BJP is going to form government. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | Bidar | Posted: September 17, 2014 6:49 pm | Updated: September 17, 2014 6:58 pm
Putting up a brave front after a setback in by-elections, BJP President Amit Shah on Wednesday asked party workers not to feel depressed and said they would win upcoming Assembly polls in four states with a thumping majority and move ahead with its “Congress-free India” agenda.
As the BJP smarted under the electoral blow losing 13 of the 23 Assembly seats it held,Shah said “some election results have come. Opposition is feeling overwhelmed. They feel that something very good has happened as at a few places BJP has been defeated; but they can’t see that we have opened our account in Assam, they can’t see we have won in Bengal.”
The BJP suffered reverses in its strongholds in Uttar Pradesh, Rajasthan and Gujarat just four months after its spectacular Lok Sabha victory in what was considered a test of popularity of Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
ALSO READ:  Keep your feet on the ground: Sena tells BJP on bypoll results
“Friends don’t measure these by-election results. There are elections in four states. You will see BJP will win elections in these states with a thumping majority and our agenda of Congress-free India will move forward,” Shah said.
He was speaking after laying the foundation stone for the statue of Sardar Vallabhai Patel and a martyrs’ memorial at Gorta,a village in Bidar district on the Karnataka-Maharashtra border. The memorial is in honour of about 200 villagers who were massacred by the private army of the Nizam of Hyderabad in 1948 and to mark liberation of Hyderabad-Karnataka from the Nizam’s rule. It was also on September 17 that Hyderabad was liberated from Nizam’s rule and merged with the Indian Union.
ALSO READ:  Shiv Sena gets a handle: ‘stop flying…come back to earth’
Shah, who was credited for his role in BJP’s stupendous win in Uttar Pradesh in Lok Sabha polls, said, “I want to tell all BJP workers across the country that don’t feel depressed from these by-election results. Work with full strength in the upcoming elections in four states and I’m sure BJP will form government in these states.”
“Maharashtra and Haryana elections are on October 15, counting is on October 19, I want to tell all my party workers for victory celebrations on October 19,” Shah said.
Shah said he had visited Maharashtra and Haryana and there is “a wave of change” in both states where BJP is going to form government.
“I want to tell the party workers of both the states to work with full determination in their respective capacities in the upcoming elections.”
“Work for the victory of the party and victory will be for BJP and no one can change this,” the BJP chief said. Assembly polls are also due in Jharkhand and Jammu and Kashmir.
Thanking people of Karnataka for their contribution in providing stable government under the leadership of Narendra Modi, Shah said it was almost 100 days continued…
Work with full strength in the upcoming elections in four states and I'm sure BJP will form government in these states, he said.

Dell announces new Optiplex Micro desktop PCs forbusinessesOptiPlex 9020 Micro is ideal for environments where space is limited and security is a priority, while the OptiPlex 3020 Micro provides essential business class performance in a compact unit.
Tech Desk | New Delhi | Posted: September 17, 2014 6:48 pm
Dell India has launched its OptiPlex 9020 and 3020 Micro desktop PCs. Dell claims that the OptiPlex Micro can be used in spaces that users would never imagine the traditional desktop fitting into.
The new OptiPlex Micro starts at Rs. 26,799 (Ubuntu) and Rs. 35,399 (Win 8 Pro).
OptiPlex 9020 Micro is ideal for environments where space is limited and security is a priority, while the OptiPlex 3020 Micro provides essential business class performance in a compact unit. The OptiPlex Micro 3020 & 9020 desktop comes with six options: Vertical Stand, VESA Wall Mount, VESA Under Desk Mount, Dual VESA Mount, Behind Monitor Mount and Console with ODD.
Te OptiPlex Micro PCs rely on a range of processors that include 4th Generation Intel Core i5 processors with Intel Integrated Graphics. The OptiPlex 3020 can support two displays with DisplayPort and VGA connectivity. OptiPlex Micro offers a choice of E & P series and UltraSharp displays that are available in various sizes to meet your customer’s need. The energy-efficient Dell P2214H Monitor featuring a large 21.5-inch display with 1920×1080 (Full HD) resolution, integrated USB hub, and full stand adjustability.
It also offers extended connectivity to connect to external devices and transfer data quickly with four USB 3.0 and two USB 2.0 ports. Connections to projectors and external monitors are done with a VGA output. The OptiPlex 3020 also enables connections through a global headset jack, audio out, DisplayPort, RJ-45 and comes with up to 8 GB of memory 1600MHz DDR3.
The OptiPlex Micro desktops offer the optional feature of Dell Data Protection for encryption. This optional feature protects data across all endpoints, including external media, self-encrypting drives and in public cloud storage. Additionally Dell Data Protection provides security tools including pre-installed software which provides security and identity protection through authentication support for Windows passwords, fingerprint readers and self-encrypting drives. The devices are also available with a chassis intrusion detection switch which aids in quickly and easily identifying whether someone has accessed the interior of the OptiPlex Micro PC.

UK distributor acquires rights to Bhopal tragedyfilmPress Trust of India | Los Angeles | Posted: September 17, 2014 6:38 pm
Revolver Entertainment has acquired North American rights to the Martin Sheen-starrer ‘Bhopal: A Prayer For Rain’, set against the backdrop of the devastating 1984 Bhopal tragedy in India.
More than 10,000 people died in what’s known as the world’s biggest industrial disaster when the Union Carbide India Limited pesticide plant overheated and released poisonous toxins into the air, reported Deadline.
Sheen stars alongside Kal Penn and Mischa Barton in the the GFM Films, Sahara Movie Studios, and Rising Star Entertainment story about those living in Bhopal through the tragedy and its unresolved aftermath.
The distributor has set a November 7 theatrical release preceded by a special September 18 screening at the United Nations, timed ahead of the 30th anniversary of the disaster.
“It is our endeavour to tell stories that go beyond the call of the box office, and we sincerely hope that this film will inspire greater corporate social responsibility and empower individuals to act on compelling issues that drive our society,” said Ravi Walia, Rising Star Entertainment.

Government to launch its most ambitious scheme to reduce infant mortality rate tomorrowSep 17, 2014 at  07:27pm IST
Government to launch its most ambitious scheme to reduce infant mortality rate tomorrow
38
0
New Delhi: The Health Ministry will launch its most ambitious plan to reduce child mortality rate in India on Thursday. According to sources, the government plans to reduce the mortality rate from 29/1000 to single digits.
Under the plan, the government plans to provide Vitamin K injection to all new borns free of cost. Kangaroo mother care - which is a skin-to-skin contact with infants - will be provided in all hospitals across the country.
Midwives and auxiliary nurses will be able to give injections to pregnant women under the new plan.
#child mortality #child mortality rates #harsh vardhan #modi government
The state governments have been asked to work out a plan in a month to implement the scheme.
Sources say that philanthropists Melinda and Bill Gates will also be present at the launch of the scheme in Delhi on Thursday.
21

Harrowing time for Air India passengers as flight gets delayed for 90 minutesSep 17, 2014 at  07:27pm IST
Harrowing time for Air India passengers as flight gets delayed for 90 minutes
36
1
New Delhi: It was a harrowing time for the passengers of a Air India flight on Wednesday as it remained stranded at the Delhi airport for 90 minutes. The passengers of the Delhi-Mumbai flight complained that the air conditioner aboard the plane was not working.
Air India, however, denied the claims. In a statement, it said, "The flight was delayed as one of the passengers required medical assistance. The air conditioner was working. There was a delay of 1.5 hours."
The passengers, however, refuted the airline's statement, saying that the passenger who was unwell had collapsed as the air conditioners were not working.
#air india #delhi mumbai flight #air conditioner
In a video shot by a passenger and accessed by CNN-IBN, passengers can be seen waving sheets of paper and handkerchiefs to create air flow. The passengers were forced to assemble on the aerobridge to get some relief from the heat inside.
13

Latinos  Blacks Doubt Media Accuracy: Surveylatinos  blacks doubt media accuracy: survey
Nice of the Braves to throw that postgame concert for the NatsBy Dan Steinberg September 17 Follow @dcsportsbog
(By Mike Zarrilli/Getty Images)
In an amazingly fortuitous bit of happenstance, the Nats managed to clinch their NL East crown in Atlanta, against their longtime tormenters, on a night when the Braves had scheduled a country music concert, allowing the Nats to have some musical accompaniments to their party. Via Kilgore :
Crushed Miller Lite cans and corks littered the floor. Someone yelled, “Let’s go outside!”…
The party spilled out to the field. Players stood in front of their bench and watched country singer Cole Swindell. Scott Hairston danced on the warning track with his two sons. Ross Detwiler and Stammen leaned against the dugout railing and guzzled Bud Lights. They laughed as the laser lights illuminated their faces, soaked and too happy to care how they would feel in the morning….
Not long after, all around Strasburg, teammates swayed and sang along. They belted out the lyric: “The heart don’t forget something like that.”
 
 
While partying on the Braves field, the Nats managed to take a few photographs to commemorate the occasion. Were they Respecting the A ? One can only hope.
Nats stepping out for Cole Swindell. pic.twitter.com/Zn7F2oUgAz
— Jason Russell (@PracticalWalri) September 17, 2014
@Buster_ESPN Nats celebrating division by watching Cole Swindell and drinking some cold ones. Harper in fireman hat pic.twitter.com/veR0xpANKD

Syndicate Bank case: Accused surrenders  sent to CBI custodyAccused surrenders, sent to CBI custody in Syndicate bank case
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 17, 2014  | 19:56 IST
Photo: Reuters
Alleged middleman Purshottam Totlani, who was evading arrest in a bribery case in which he along with Syndicate Bank CMD Sudhir Kumar Jain and others are accused, was on Wednesday sent to two-day police custody by a special court after he surrendered before it.
Totlani surrendered before Special CBI Judge Swarana Kanta Sharma who sent him to CBI custody till September 19 after the agency said he was required for custodial interrogation in the case.
CBI prosecutor argued that there was enough incriminating evidence to connect Totlani with the case and the intercepted conversation shows his involvement in the conspiracy.
Totlani had earlier filed an anticipatory bail plea in the court which was dismissed on the ground that his custodial interrogation was required to unearth the entire conspiracy and to know about the trail of alleged bribe.
The court had also observed that Totlani had moved the anticipatory bail plea only after proceedings under section 82 of CrPC (proclamation for person absconding) was initiated against him.
It had noted that despite issuance of non-bailable warrant against Totlani twice, he had not joined the investigation.
During the day's hearing, the court also heard arguments on the bail plea of Bhushan Steel Vice Chairman and Managing Director Neeraj Singal, who was also an accused in the case.
CBI prosecutor opposed Singal's bail plea on the ground that he played a major role in the entire conspiracy and the court has already dismissed the bail pleas of some co-accused who have a lesser role in the case.
The prosecutor argued that if released on bail, Singal may flee from justice and tamper with the evidence.
Lots of evidence is yet to be collected in the case, the prosecutor said while opposing the bail plea.
Senior advocate Siddharth Luthra, who was appearing for Singal, sought bail for his client on the ground that there was no evidence against him in the case and he has been in custody for over a month now.
The court has now fixed the matter for September 23 for hearing further arguments on the bail plea.
Singal was arrested by CBI on August 7, hours after the court had issued a non-bailable warrant against him and Totlani. Singal is currently in judicial custody along with other arrested accused.
S K Jain , CMD of Prakash Industries Ved Prakash Agarwal, Singal and various other accused were arrested by the CBI in connection with the case. The arrested accused are currently in judicial custody till September 24.
They were arrested in connection with two separate graft cases in which CBI had booked them under the Prevention of Corruption Act and for the charge of criminal conspiracy under the IPC.
On August 2, CBI had arrested some of the accused in connection with the case and claimed to have recovered Rs 21 lakh in cash from Jain's residence besides gold worth Rs 1.68 crore and documents of fixed deposits of up to Rs 63 lakh.
The agency has filed two cases against Jain, accusing him of receiving a bribe of Rs 50 lakh through conduits and abusing his official position to enhance the credit limits of some companies in violation of laid-down procedures.

Retrospective Law Shown A Red FlagPublished on Wed, Sep 17,2014 | 19:15, Updated at Wed, Sep 17 at 19:15Source : Moneycontrol.com 
By: Girish Vanvari, Co-head- Tax, KPMG India
India’s economic reforms in terms of trade & industrial policy, liberalisation of FDI norms, etc. have paved the way for increased participation from foreign players. With the pro-business approach of the new government in the chair, the sentiments of investor community have turned pleasant.
One of the hurdles in restoring the belief of the foreign investors in the India market is the retrospective taxation. Though no bold initiatives are carved out to put an end to the retrospective taxation, what could act as a sigh of relief is the recent landmark judgment of the Supreme Court (‘SC’) settling a prolonged controversy on the levy of surcharge on the total undisclosed income of the block period as prospective or retrospective in nature, ruling in favour of Vatika Township Private Limited (‘the taxpayer’).
The SC held that unless contrary intention appears, legislation is presumed not to be intended to have retrospective effect. The SC promoted the principle of fairness striking down the division bench judgment of considering the provision to levy surcharge as retrospective in nature.
The dispute dates back to the assessment of undisclosed income of the block period post search and seizure operation at the premises of the taxpayer. The tax authorities sought to levy a surcharge on the assessed income, in light of a proviso inserted vide the subsequent Finance Act.
The taxpayer contended that the legislation has specified a later date from which the proviso would be effective and in absence of any ambiguity, the proviso is to be applied prospectively.
The SC referred to notes on clauses to the Finance Bill proposing the insertion of the proviso to levy surcharge with a prospective date in contrast to certain amendments specifically stated as clarificatory or retrospective, depicting the clear intention of the legislature. The reference was also made to the circular issued by the Central Board of Direct Taxes demonstrating as to which amendments are retrospective in operation and which are prospective with the levy of surcharge held to be prospective.
In light of the transparent intention of the legislature, the SC ruled in favour of the taxpayer treating the proviso to levy surcharge having a prospective effect.
The verdict of the SC lays emphasis on one of the fundamental rule of law i.e. “lex prospicit non respicit: law looks forward not backward” that no statute shall be construed to have a retrospective operation unless appears clearly.
The SC in its judgment has categorically made certain significant observations:-
(a)    A law passed today cannot apply to events of the past.
(b)    A retrospective legislation is contrary to the general principle that legislation when introduced for the first time ought not to change the character of past transaction.
This is a welcome judgment by the SC, which will be a great relief not only for the taxpayers in dispute on the similar issue, but also lower the burden of the mounting litigation involving retrospective taxation.Further, the ruling will also send out a very strong positive signal to the investing community restoring their confidence on non –applicability of law retrospectively unless the legislature intends to and reaffirming faith in Indian judicious system.
(The views expressed in this article are personal views of the authos and do not constitute professional advice.)
More Stories

Marijuana legalization group launches Consume Responsibly campaignBy Niraj Chokshi September 17 Follow @NirajC
These handouts advocating for the responsible use of marijuana will be available at some marijuana retail locations in Colorado. (ConsumeResponsibly.org)
It’s too late for Maureen Dowd , but marijuana advocates hope they can prevent others from suffering through a too-harsh high.
The Marijuana Policy Project, which played a significant role in helping to pass legalization in Colorado, is launching a $75,000 public education campaign to counter what communications director Mason Tvert describes in a statement as decades of “exaggeration, fear mongering, and condescension.” The campaign will launch at noon in Denver, Colo., in front of a billboard aimed at tourists that reads “Don’t let a candy bar ruin your vacation.”
This outdoor ad will be featured on at least one billboard in Denver, Colo. (ConsumeResponsibly.org)
Ensuring the safe use of edible marijuana products has proven troublesome since marijuana sales began in Colorado in January. Public smoking is banned and most hotels don’t allow smoking on their premises, so many pot tourists turn to edibles. But because many people have more experience smoking marijuana than consuming it in edible form, and because the high is slower to take hold with edibles, it can prove hard for users to self-regulate, as was the case for New York Times columnist Maureen Dowd.
“I was panting and paranoid, sure that when the room-service waiter knocked and I didn’t answer, he’d call the police and have me arrested for being unable to handle my candy,” she wrote in a June column that was ridiculed by legal pot advocates at the time.
The campaign will feature print ads, online ads and literature to be distributed at retail locations urging responsible consumption and directing people to ConsumeResponsibly.org . It will present information about products, laws and the effects of marijuana. The group plans to spend at least $75,000 by the end of the year and hopes to continue raising funds to support the campaign. Publications that target adult marijuana consumers, such as the Hemp Connoisseur in Colorado, will also run the ads.
“Like most Americans, Ms. Dowd has probably seen countless silly anti-marijuana ads on TV, but she has never seen one that highlights the need to ‘start low and go slow’ when choosing to consume marijuana edibles,” Tvert said in the statement.
The campaign will begin in Colorado and eventually expand to Washington.
The planned online ads
An online ad for the “Consume Responsibly” campaign to educate consumers on marijuana use. (ConsumeResponsibly.org)
An online ad for the “Consume Responsibly” campaign to educate consumers on marijuana use. (ConsumeResponsibly.org)
The planned print ad
The print ad for the “Consume Responsibly” campaign to educate consumers on marijuana use. (ConsumeResponsibly.org)
Niraj Chokshi reports for GovBeat, The Post's state and local policy blog.

Advertencia: Estas fotos te darn ganas de viajarEmail
Comentarios
El fotógrafo ruso Oleg Grigoriev acampaba en las montañas Fann de Tayikistán cuando al despertarse se encontró frente a unas vistas impresionantes de lagos que reflejaban montañas majestuosas, rocas de arena y un extenso cielo azul.
Así nació una serie de fotos tomadas desde un punto de vista personal en un enclave único: "Vistas de la mañana desde la tienda", capaces de hacer que sus espectadores sientan que están dentro de la tienda.
"Me encanta viajar, especialmente en las montañas", contó el fotógrafo a nuestros compañeros de The Huffington Post mediante correo electrónico. "Dibujo emociones que trato de expresar en mis fotos e intento animar a la gente a viajar y no ser conformistas".
La serie de imágenes incluye una acampada a 4.700 metros sobre el nivel del mar. Y todas fueron tomadas desde el interior de la tienda de campaña de Grigoriev. En ellas se pueden ver sus piernas extendidas y un vibrante paisaje que contrasta con la tela de la tienda. Parece como si el artista invitase al espectador a sentarse junto a él.
Advertencia: estas fotos pueden alimentar tu espíritu viajero y que te entren ganas de salir inmediatamente a la aventura. O peor, hacer que sientas que ya has ido de viaje y estás listo para dormir una merecida siesta.
Cerca del Pico Mirali

Coal shortages at power plants to last another monthCoal shortages at power plants to last another month
Xi Jinping launches $1.4 billion Sri Lanka port cityXi Jinping launches $1.4 billion Sri Lanka port city
Board of Gufic Biosciences recommends final dividendBoard of Gufic Biosciences recommends final dividend
Shakti Pumps: Outcome of board meetingShakti Pumps: Outcome of board meeting
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus prove Steve Jobs was wrongiPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus prove Steve Jobs was wrong
IndiGo agrees $2.6 billion aircraft finance deal with China s ICBCIndiGo agrees $2.6 billion aircraft finance deal with China s ICBC
BSE Sensex rebounds 139 pts on hopes US Federal Reserve will retain stimulusBSE Sensex rebounds 139 pts on hopes US Federal Reserve will retain stimulus
Yes divyaji  movie shuru acche si hai...helen aunty ka entry abhi baak...New Member
129 Followers
And other thing Divyaji, tomorrow I like to cover up by 11 AM...As Scotland treat is also there tomorrow...Don`t know how markets react to Scot people answer...But India is safe but still FTSE, DAX, CAC Planets may make us suffer...
8.03 PM Sep 17th

Meditech bhai  ye nahi manega  in stock market he will earn profits si...New Member
2 Followers
Meditech bhai, ye nahi manega, in stock market he will earn profits similar to LIC. ie. 5%  LOL
Funny character.
He is new to trading and he doesn`t have confidence to short sell.
Np. i was like also in my early days. Sikh jayega. jab 2 saal hold karke ke loss book karega.
8.01 PM Sep 17th

LG launches smartphone  G3 Beat  for Rs 25 000 in IndiaLG launches smartphone 'G3 Beat' for Rs 25,000 in India
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Sep 17, 2014 07:20 PM IST
Korean electronics major LG today expanded its smartphone portfolio with the launch of its new 'G3 Beat', priced at Rs 25,000 in India.
"The consumer today wants the best of the features at an affordable price and with G3 beat, LG is offering one of the best device with premium features in this price range. After the successful launch of LG G3, we are now offering its sibling to our customers," LG Mobiles India Marketing Head Amit Gujral said.
With the recent launches of smartphones from the G3 family, LG India is targetting to achieve 10% market share in the smartphone category by the end of 2014.
With a 5-inch HD IPS display, the device features Snapdragon 1.2 GHz quad core processor, Android 4.4.2 Kit Kat operating system, 1GB RAM and 8GB memory.
The handset, which supports 4G/LTE network, sports 8MP rear and 1.3MP front camera and 2,540mAh removable battery.
"The LG G3 Beat represents our commitment to the mid-tier smartphone market that demands mature technology, proven performance, great innovation and an attractive price, all in a single device," LG Electronics India MD Swoon Koon said.
The LG G3 Beat was developed to address the growing low- to mid-tier segment of smartphone customers who want a great device that is more compact but still powerful enough to run the most popular apps, he added.
Launched in July, the flagship smartphone LG G3 was unveiled as part of the company's efforts to grow its revenues almost three-fold this year.
LG India expects to exceed its target of Rs 2,000 crore in revenues from smartphones in India this year from Rs 800 crore in 2013.

Tough to defend mkt share for Eureka ForbesStory
In still waters
Eureka Forbes will find it tough to retain market share in its core water purifier business as competition intensifies.
Arpita Mukherjee      Follow @arpitamukherjee    Edition: Sept 28, 2014
Challenging times: Suresh Goklaney, Executive Vice Chairman, Eureka Forbes, at his office in Mumbai. Photo: Danesh Jassawala
About a decade ago, Suresh Goklaney, visited his sister in Daytona Beach, US. There, the Executive Vice Chairman of Eureka Forbes happened to meet Fred Tepper, Founder and President of Argonide Corporation, which makes nanotechnology-based water purifiers. The company then adopted this technology to launch a portable water purifier, Aquaguard On The Go, in 2014.
Seven years ago, a Eureka Forbes salesperson, also called a Eurochamp, pointed out to Goklaney that the quality of water supplied to Indian homes varied through the day. The company subsequently launched a water purification device, Aquaguard Sensa, in 2008. The device, automatically detects impurities, senses the water quality and adjusts itself to the level of purification required.
More recently, in July the company took an initiative to use refrigeration techniques that condense water from atmospheric air in Mumbai. The technique can generate 120 litres or 500 glasses of drinking water every day.
The above examples illustrate that there has been change and development at the three-decade old company over the years. Indeed, the Shapoorji Pallonji Group company, credited for bringing in the concept of water purification into the country and known to scale up cautiously, has been making an effort to retain and grow its market share in an intensely competitive environment, particularly in its core water purifier business.
Still, experts feel that the company has been slow to change given the rapidly changing market dynamics. Harminder Sahni of Wazir Advisors, a Gurgaon-based retail consultancy, suggests that the company, known for its signature water purifiers and vacuum cleaners, has to evolve rapidly to keep its nose ahead of competition. "Whatever Eureka Forces is attempting had to be done because as a company you cannot stop trying things," he says.
The water purifier business accounted for about 50 per cent of the company's revenues in fiscal 2012/13, the latest period for which figures are available. It is a leader in the Rs 3,400-crore market. The company has more than 70 per cent share in the ultraviolet (UV) purifier market but is facing stiff competition in the fast growing reverse osmosis (RO) segment from Kent RO Systems. Kent claims it is the leader in the RO market with 40 to 45 per cent share.
Eureka Forbes says it has a 36 per cent market share. Meanwhile, several other players have emerged as a threat to Eureka Forbes including Hindustan Unilever (HUL), Nasaka, and Ion Exchange. "In recent years, while the market has grown enormously, intense competition has significantly impacted the lead and advantage that Eureka Forbes had. Both new business as well as repeat revenues from existing customers have been hit," says Devangshu Dutta, CEO of consulting firm Third Eyesight.
An issue for Eureka Forbes has been its reliance on direct sales. Its salespersons (Eurochamps) go from door-to-door conducting product demonstrations and convincing people that their appliances are the best. Eureka Forbes has an army of more than 8,000 Eurochamps. However, with the emergence of gated communities, cold calling as a strategy has not been as effective.
It has forced the company to seek new ways of reaching out to customers. "The challenge in the environment is how I get you to open the door with gated communities," says Goklaney, adding that the company would never look at disbanding its army of salespeople. "My core is my eurochamps who have built the brand over the years."
To tackle the problem, the company has moved over to digital marketing to persuade customers to ask for demos. The company today is strongly visible on the digital platform, and also in some newspapers ads, flashing numbers for customers to call. Retail sales is still not a big focus area for the company. Sahni of Wazir Advisors suggests that the company's dependence on direct sales, ignoring retail, is a handicap for Eureka Forbes.
Companies such as Kent, HUL and several others are not just innovating but are also retailing their products aggressively. Kent, for instance, has not just roped in a celebrity (cine star Hema Malini) to endorse the brand, but has also unveiled new products. It recently launched a water purification product, Kent Tap Guard that cleans tap water and makes it safe for household use such as washing fruits and vegetables. "The company is expanding into various categories in a small way but is focused on the RO segment," says Mahesh Gupta, Chairman, Kent RO Systems.
'In recent years, while the market has grown enormously, intense competition has signifi cantly impacted the lead and advantage that Eureka Forbes had. Both new business as well as repeat revenues from existing customers have been hit,' says  Devangshu Dutta, CEO, Third Eyesight.
Water purification products from the likes of HUL and Kent are far more visible at retail counters than Eureka Forbes but the company is undeterred. "We believe that direct sales is our core and we would persist with the strategy," says Goklaney.
Eureka Forbes appears to have fallen behind in one key emerging business segment - gravity-based water filters that can work without electricity. In 2009, Kent launched this product in India, seizing the first-mover advantage - Eureka Forbes has yet to establish its foothold in the market. The market potential for gravity-based water filters is huge given the crippling power shortage in most parts of India, say industry executives. While about 92 per cent of urban areas are electrified, rural electrification is just 55 per cent. "People use gravity-based water purifiers in regions that have poor or no electricity supply," says Sasidhar Chidanamarri, Associate Director, Environment & Building Technologies Practice at Frost & Sullivan, a consulting firm.
In the vacuum cleaner market, Eureka Forbes' "Euroclean" range of products have a market share of around 90 per cent. But there has been a dip in revenues from vacuum cleaners recently along with a marginal decline in market share. The segment accounted for about 16 per cent of the company's revenue in 2012/13.
Meanwhile, the company plans to scale up its international business. It already accounts for 40 per cent of its revenues with the acquisition of Lux International and going forward is expected to constitute about half of the topline. With the expansion, the company plans to launch a range of new home appliances products internationally. Indeed, the Lux buyout gives Eureka Forbes access to markets in 40 countries across Europe, Africa and Latin America.
The company has also been getting into new segments such as air purifiers, fire extinguishers and security systems as an alternate strategy - markets that are still fairly niche and also where the company does not have a first mover advantage. The air purifier market in India was estimated to be valued at $12.65 million in 2013, while the fire and safety equipment market was estimated to be about $3.16 billion in 2013, according to research firm TechSci Research.
However, despite the various challenges and competition for Eureka Forbes, Goklaney is confident that the company is on the right track. So is Shashank Sinha, the company's Senior General Manager - Marketing, who says the company is now seeing traction in the air purification market as well. "It is just that we are not shouting from the rooftops about our growing business," he says.
And, for a company that depends heavily on its sales force and franchise, the company realises the imperative of creating a leadership pipeline. People like Shashank Sinha and Marzin R. Shroff, CEO - Direct Sales, and Senior Vice President, Marketing, are being groomed to eventually take over from Goklaney. "I am here right now as a night watchman and they are here as opening bats and ready to take on," he says.
But analysts feel that Eureka Forbes needs to take drastic steps to take on competition. "Incremental things won't help," says Sahni. "It's our actions and deeds that tells you whether we're aggressive or not. But, we're doing things at our pace. We don't want to push things to an extent that people stop enjoying their work," says Goklaney.

Rupee rebounds from 1-month lows  up 8 p Vs dollar to end at 61.05Comments
Bucking a weak trend in stocks, the Indian rupee on Tuesday recovered from one-month lows to end with a modest gain of eight paise at 61.05 against the Greenback on fresh dollar selling by exporters.
Persistent capital inflows also aided the rupee rise while the dollar index was almost stable against a basket of six major currencies ahead of the outcome of two-day policy meeting by the US Federal Reserve starting on Tuesday.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the domestic unit commenced strong at 61.02 a dollar from previous close of 61.13, a one-month low.
It was later trapped in a narrow range of 61.01 and 61.1425 before settling at 61.05, a net rise of eight paise or 0.13%.
On Monday, it had plunged 48 paise, or 0.79%, its biggest fall in more than five weeks.
The Indian benchmark S&P BSE Sensex, after tumbling by 244.48 points or 0.90% on Monday, tanked 324.05 points or 1.21% on Tuesday to end at three-week lows.
FPIs/FIIs bought shares worth USD 79.57 million on Monday, as per Sebi data.
Pramit Brahmbhatt, Veracity Group CEO said, "Rupee appreciated on Tuesday even as local equities closed down by over one per cent. Rupee movement was aided by lower trade deficit in August. Dollar index rally slowed down on Tuesday, which further supported the rupee. The trading range for the spot rupee is expected to be within 60.50 to 61.50."

The report gave Facebooks policies a D+  and Twitter and YouTube an FBy Caitlin Dewey September 16 Follow @caitlindewey
Take Back the Tech’s “report card” on social media and violence against women. (TBTT)
Major American tech companies regularly publish “transparency” statistics on things such as how many items they take down for copyright violations and how often the government requests user data.
But according to a scathing new report, when it comes to user abuse on their platforms — an issue that has seen an explosion of interest and concern over the past 12 months — social networks remain obstinately, even disingenuously, mum.
The report, which was released as part of the Association for Progressive Communications’ “Take Back the Tech” campaign and funded in part by the Dutch government, analyzed Twitter, Facebook and YouTube’s user policies and their public response to international abuse incidents over the past five years.
While the report’s findings vary widely by platform, it points to one sweeping issue across the board: a total lack of transparency around how much abuse actually goes down on social media — particularly abuse directed at women — and how social media companies deal with it.
“These companies are responsible to their users, yet so much of what they do happens behind closed doors,” said Sara Baker, “Take Back the Tech’s” global coordinator with the APC. “We would love to see data on how many people submit reports, their general demographics (including country and language) and the overall results of those reports. We also want to know more about the people making decisions behind the scenes. What countries do they live in? How are they trained?”
These questions spring from more than mere curiosity, the report points out: Without reliable data on abuse, there’s no real way to scrutinize networks’ response or hold them accountable to their users.
A screenshot of Twitter’s automatic response to abuse reports.
As things stand, YouTube, Twitter and Facebook all rely on user reports to flag inappropriate or abusive content. When someone flags something on YouTube, the content is surfaced to a 24-hour team for review. (An algorithm determines the priority of review, so a victim has no way of knowing how long that will take.) Meanwhile, when a user flags content on Twitter, that user receives an automated e-mail urging “patience” and promising Twitter’s safety team will “review your report and take action if the user is found to be in violation of our abusive behavior policy.”
There is never any indication, the APC report points out, of who looks at the report, what factors they consider, and how long they expect the process to take. There is also no way to appeal a decision.
“When content is reported to us that violates our rules, which include a ban on targeted abuse and direct violent threats, we suspend those accounts,” a Twitter spokesman said, by way of explanation. “We evaluate and refine our safety policies based on input from users, while working with outside organizations to ensure that we have industry best practices in place.”
Facebook is, to a certain extent, the only outlier here: Like Twitter and YouTube, the network is quick to promote its collaboration with outside victim support and advocacy groups. But unlike Twitter and YouTube, Facebook has publicly explained the intricacies of its reporting process and advertised a ballpark timeline — 72 hours — for “the majority” of reviews. The company’s safety teams, operating in 20 languages, escalate some reports to law enforcement and crisis hotlines. And since 2012, a feature called the Support Dashboard has let victims track the status of their abuse reports — and why the decision came down the way it did.
Facebook’s reporting guide lays out its abuse-reporting process. (Facebook)
That helps explain why Facebook alone of the three networks received a “passing” grade from APC; Twitter and YouTube both scored Fs on issues like “engagement with stakeholder groups” and “proactive steps to eradicate violence against women.”
“We work hard to make sure that our community of more than one billion people has the best experience possible,” said Monika Bickert, Facebook’s Director of Public Policy. “We’ve created a global set of Community Standards, we make it easy for people to report anything they see on Facebook, and we have a team of hundreds of people who respond to reports twenty four hours a day, seven days a week, in more than two dozen languages.”
Still, even Facebook doesn’t publish its abuse numbers — the one metric, activists say, that would make the social network truly accountable to its users.
A Facebook spokesperson said the network is currently exploring ways to track more — and better – abuse-reporting data, and wouldn’t “rule out” the possibility of publishing it in the future. The site’s system isn’t presently designed to provide detailed breakdowns of data that is reported.
But Baker, of the APC, points out that there is some precedence for this type of action. Many tech companies have deployed startlingly effective, transparent policies around copyright, she notes. (Google’s running Transparency Report goes so far as to log exactly how many copyright-takedown requests it receives per week, from which owners and on what domains.) This year, Facebook, Twitter and YouTube parent Google also all released diversity reports that broke down the racial and gender compositions of their staffs in response to public pressure on the issue. It’s not inconceivable, nor technologically impossible, for those companies to do the same thing with their data on report volume and response times.
Until they do, the APC is asking users to publish data of their own: The organization is collecting user ratings of Twitter, Facebook and YouTube via the “Take Back the Tech” Web site. They do promise, notably, to publish that data soon.
Caitlin Dewey runs The Intersect blog, writing about digital and Internet culture. Before joining the Post, she was an associate online editor at Kiplinger’s Personal Finance.

Heres who the U.S. military will deploy to fight EbolaBy Dan Lamothe September 16 Follow @danlamothe
Liberian Red Cross health workers wearing protective suits arrive to carry a body of a victim of the Ebola virus on Sept. 12 in a district of Monrovia. Liberia has been hit hard by the Ebola epidemic, the worst in history, which has killed more than 2,400 people since it erupted earlier this year, according to World Health Organization. AFP PHOTO / ZOOM DOSSOZOOM DOSSO/AFP/Getty Images
As President Obama framed the ongoing Ebola epidemic in western Africa as a potential threat to global security, a two-star Army general and his staff were already on the ground in Liberia, preparing for a mission that is expected to include about 3,000 service members and has no end in sight.
Maj. Gen. Darryl A. Williams, the commander of U.S. Army Africa, will coordinate the response, Operation United Assistance, from Monrovia, Liberia’s capital. It will require an “air bridge” to get health workers and medical supplies to areas that are affected, and a staging area in Senegal to distribute personnel and aid on the ground more quickly, Obama said.
“If the outbreak is not stopped now, we could be looking at hundreds of thousands of people infected, with profound political and economic and security implications for all of us,” Obama said. “So this is an epidemic that is not just a threat to regional security — it’s a potential threat to global security if these countries break down, if their economies break down, if people panic. That has profound effects on all of us, even if we are not directly contracting the disease.”
The president compared the military operation to the Pentagon’s response following the catastrophic January 2010 earthquake in Haiti. That mission, known as Operation Unified Response, included 22,000 U.S. troops, including 7,000 based on land, and spanned more than five months, the Defense Department said .
Williams will lead a force that will likely include everything from medical experts to truck drivers, as the military tackles the complicated logistics and engineering effort required for the mission. Trained as an artillery officer, he previously served as a deputy chief of staff for U.S. Army Europe.
As The Washington Post reported Tuesday morning , the effort could cost up to $750 million in the next six months. The military is responding in a region where the World Health Organization estimates that the total number of likely or confirmed Ebola cases as of Sept. 7 was 4,366, including 2,218 deaths.
A defense official declined Tuesday to specify which units could deploy.
“We are still in the planning process to determine resources and assets needed, and are looking across the entire military to source mission requirements,” a defense official told Checkpoint on Tuesday afternoon. “Specific units have not been identified at this time.”
Broadly, however, the official said the Defense Department personnel involved are likely to include the following:
Scientists Gene Olinger, left, and James Pettit demonstrate laboratory procedures at the U.S. Army Medical Research Institute of Infectious Diseases at Fort Detrick, Md. (Photo courtesy U.S. Army)
Medical personnel
The new operation will need medical personnel who are capable of “supporting health care provider training,” the defense official said, meaning they will train local medical personnel to treat Ebola patients without providing direct care themselves. Obama said a new training site will prepare thousands of health works to “effectively and safely care for more patients.”
Organizations like the Army Medical Research Institute of Infectious Diseases have investigated Ebola for years, and will likely have a hand in the response. The institute, based at Fort Detrick, Md., already has sent several of its experts to Africa this year, officials said . It has worked in the region since 2006, when it investigated an outbreak of another disease, Lassa fever, in Sierra Leone, Liberia and Guinea.
Researchers with the Defense Threat Reduction Agency also have tracked Ebola. They had a hand in developing the experimental ZMapp Ebola treatment that first received widespread attention in August, after two American health workers in Africa received it.
Engineers to construct “Ebola Treatment Units”
The U.S. military has a broad, multi-service force of engineers who are trained to build facilities quickly. As The Post reported Tuesday, they will be called on to set up 17 treatment centers in Liberia, each with 100 beds.
Transportation personnel to support an “intermediate staging base”
Obama alluded to this by referencing an “air bridge.” He did not say where the staging area in Senegal will be, but the country’s capital, Dakar, is about 1,000 miles from Monrovia, where U.S. operations will be coordinated. Moving equipment around will likely require both planes and helicopters, along with a fleet of vehicles and the personnel to operate them all.
“Our forces are going to bring their expertise in command and control, in logistics, in engineering,” Obama said. “And our Department of Defense is better at that, our Armed Services are better at that than any organization on Earth.”
Administrators in Monrovia to oversee it all
Any large military operation has a central headquarters. In this one, Williams will work from a joint operations center in Monrovia.
To coordinate the response, the general will likely be assisted by a staff with dozens, if not hundreds, of personnel. They’ll be called upon to do everything from tracking vehicles as they come and go to making sure there is enough food, water and supplies on hand.
RELATED:
President Obama has announced that thousands of U.S. troops will head to West Africa to lead the fight against Ebola, in addition to the $175 million already spent. But what is the rest of the world doing? Here are some of the publicly announced plans from other nations. (Adam Taylor and Tom LeGro/The Washington Post)
UPDATE: This post has been altered to include the correct name for the U.S. Ebola mission.
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

My National Constitution Center podcast debating ISIS and presidential war powers with John YooBy Ilya Somin September 16
In this recent National Constitution Center podcast, John Yoo and I debated the question of whether President Obama has the authority to wage war against ISIS without getting authorization from Congress. NCC President and George Washington law professor Jeffrey Rosen moderated.
Yoo is a leading advocate of very broad theories of presidential war powers, both in academia and during his controversial tenure in the Bush administration. As usual, he defended his views with great skill and insight. But I remain unpersuaded for reasons I outlined in my part of the podcast, and also in my critique of Yoo’s position here .
On one point we do agree: Even if Obama is not legally required to get congressional authorization, he should do so for pragmatic reasons. As Yoo notes, doing so would ensure broader support for the war effort, and would be a valuable signal of US resolve to current and potential allies.
I am grateful to the NCC for putting this podcast together on short notice, to Jeff Rosen for his excellent questions, and to John Yoo for his thoughtful contribution to the discussion.
Ilya Somin is Professor of Law at George Mason University. His research focuses on constitutional law, property law, and popular political participation. He is the author of "The Grasping Hand: Kelo v. City of New London and the Limits of Eminent Domain" (forthcoming) and "Democracy and Political Ignorance: Why Smaller Government is Smarter."

NASA awards space contract to Boeing and SpaceXBy Christian Davenport September 16 Follow @_chrisdavenport
Boeing was among three companies who bid for the next NASA contract to take astronauts into space. The company offered its CST-100 space capsule in the competition. (Boeing rendering)
NASA on Tuesday awarded a pair of much-anticipated contracts, worth up to $6.8 billion combined, to ferry astronauts to the International Space Station to Boeing and SpaceX in a deal that would allow the U.S. to launch astronauts into space from U.S. soil for the first time in years.
Speaking from the Kennedy Space Center in Florida, NASA Administrator Charles Bolden said the contracts set "the stage for what promises to be the most ambitious and exciting chapter in the history of NASA and human spaceflight.” Relying so heavily on contractors to take astronauts to space would allow the agency “to focus on an even more ambitious mission--that of sending humans to Mars,” he said.
The announcement of the “commercial crew” awards is a big step toward allowing the U.S. to end its reliance on Russia, which has been ferrying American astronauts to the space station since the retirement of the space shuttle three years ago. The arrangement hasn’t been cheap: the Russians currently charge $71 million per seat, and NASA has in a single year sent more than $400 million to Russia for these taxi rides. If the schedule doesn’t slip, and Boeing and SpaceX prove their vehicles are safe, NASA should see its astronauts launched on U.S. soil with American rockets by as early as 2017.
The awards represent a significant shift for NASA, which has long owned and operated its own rockets. Instead of going to space on government-owned vehicles, NASA’s astronauts would essentially rent space on ships provided by Boeing and SpaceX.
The contracts “highlight what commercial companies can accomplish and we are counting on them to deliver our most precious cargo,” said Kathy Lueders, NASA’s commercial crew program manager.
In addition to continuing to develop and test the companies’ vehicles, each contract calls for up to six flights to the space station once the ships are certified by NASA.
NASA announced that it was awarding contracts to Boeing and SpaceX on Tuesday, to fly astronauts to the International Space Station, ending U.S. dependency on Russia for transportation. (Reuters)
Boeing’s contract is worth up to $4.2 billion; SpaceX’s is valued at $2.6 billion. Lueders would not say exactly why Boeing received more but indicated that SpaceX proposed doing the work for less. Both contracts “have the same requirements and the companies proposed the value for which they were able to do the work, and the government accepted that,” she said.
For SpaceX, which is already the first private company to deliver cargo to the space station, the award is further evidence that it has transformed from start-up to a major a player in an industry long dominated by large, traditional companies, such as Boeing.
The two companies represent vastly different cultures in the space industry. Boeing is a so-called “old space” stalwart with decades of experience, contacts and lobbying might. SpaceX is the upstart California-based company founded by billionaire entrepreneur Elon Musk that has gleefully played the role of disrupter.
Musk, who also runs Tesla Motors, sued the Air Force earlier this year on a separate contract to launch military payloads, such as satellites, into space. He argued that SpaceX’s Falcon 9 rocket was a less expensive alternative that should be able to compete against the United Launch Alliance, the joint venture of Boeing and Lockheed Martin, which currently holds the contract.
Musk has relentlessly criticized Boeing for using the Atlas V, which uses a Russian-made engine.
United Launch Alliance is expected to counter that tomorrow by announcing that Blue Origin, the space startup founded by Amazon.com founder and Washington Post owner Jeff Bezos, would develop an American-made engine for the Atlas V, according to a person who is close to the arrangement who was not authorized to speak publicly.
Bezos and ULA chief executive Tory Bruno are scheduled to hold a news conference Wednesday afternoon at the National Press Club.
A ULA spokesperson did not respond to requests for comment. Blue Origin declined to comment.
Some lawmakers wanted NASA to go with a single company — and Boeing was always a front-runner. But others are pleased that the awards are going to two companies in an effort to foster competition and keep prices down.
“I think that’s the most important aspect of the decision -- that it is two companies,” said Michael Lopez-Alegria, the president of the Commercial Spaceflight Federation. “I’m more or less agnostic on which two companies but preserving competition is absolutely the right choice.”
Boeing offers a CST-100 capsule, which lands with parachutes and on cushions that deploy from the capsule. SpaceX’s Dragon capsule uses propulsion to land and can touch down, the company says, with the precision of a helicopter.
John Mulholland, vice president of commercial programs for Boeing Space Exploration, said the award was a natural extension of Boeing’s deacdes of work in the space program.
“We’re just really excited. We’re really proud to be able to continue our human spaceflight legacy. We’ve been partnering with NASA on every human spaceflight program dating back to Mercury,” NASA’s first manned-spaceflight program.
In a statement, Musk, who wants to colonize Mars, said the award “is a vital step in a journey that will ultimately take us to the stars and make humanity a multi-planet species."
Left out in the cold is Sierra Nevada Corp., which had developed a winged space plane known as the Dream Chaser that looked like a miniature space shuttle.
NASA hopes that investing government money into private enterprises will help touch off a broader commercial space industry. In addition to NASA, foreign governments, scientists and the super rich would also be able to buy seats on the ships, officials say.
Joel Achenbach contributed to this report.
Read More:

CARTOON OF THE DAY: Signe Wilkinson memorializes her mentor  Tony Auth (RIP)By Michael Cavna September 16 Follow @comicriffs
SIGNE WILKINSON not only knew Tony Auth, sharing the perch of “political cartoonist” with her fellow Philadelphia artist for decades. She was also mentored by him.
Auth “relished egging on other cartoonists, including young ones starting out, including me,” Wilkinson told The Post’s Comic Riffs on Sunday evening. “I walked into his office with a putrid portfolio, and he treated me like I was already one of the gang. It’s one of the many reasons he’s admired in the cartoon fraternity.”
Many years later, Auth played a different but equally supportive role in Wilkinson’s professional life. In 2012, the Philadelphia Media Network, owner of both the Philadelphia Inquirer and the Philadelphia Daily News, cut scores of jobs — and Wilkinson said she’d been advised to take a buyout.
Auth himself decided to take the buyout . He said he had enjoyed an incredible 41-year career at the Inquirer — a run that include a Pulitzer Prize and a Herblock Prize, among his many honors — and, nearing age 70, he embraced new artistic opportunities for a new employer.
On his way out the door, though, Auth made sure to be vocal. He let it be known that the papers’ owners should value the presence of Wilkinson, herself a Pulitzer Prize winner for Editorial Cartooning (the first woman, by the way, to do so).
“If they’re smart,” Auth told Comic Riffs at the time, “they’ll just put her in both papers.”
Which is precisely what happened. A week later, Wilkinson — who is syndicated by the Washington Post News Media Service — told Comic Riffs that a deal had been worked out : She would draw for both newspapers.
On Sunday, Mr. Auth died of brain cancer at age 72. Colleagues memorialized his talent on the page and his generosity in life. “Tony relished cartooning. He loved the drawing, the politics and the phone calls afterwards,” Wilkinson told Comic Riffs on Sunday of the left-leaning cartoonist.
She added: “I’m going to miss him.”
Here is the tribute cartoon Wilkinson created Tuesday in memory of her colleague. Her mentor. Her friend.
Writer/artist/visual storyteller Michael Cavna is creator of the "Comic Riffs" column and graphic-novel reviewer for The Post's Book World. He relishes sharp-eyed satire in most any form.

N. Korea brags about its human rights recordBy Adam Taylor September 17 Follow @mradamtaylor
This undated picture released from North Korea's official Korean Central News Agency (KCNA) on Aug. 31, 2014, shows North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un (C) visiting the renewed October 8 factory. AFP PHOTO / KCNA
When a bombshell United Nations report on North Korean human rights abuses came out in February and concluded that the country was committing  human rights violations “without any parallel in the contemporary world," Pyongyang's initial reaction was anger.
First, one North Korean spokesperson said that the United States and its allies were running a "human rights racket." Then, the official Korean Central News Agency (KCNA) published a commentary questioning  how a gay man could lead an investigation into human rights . To top it all off, North Korea then published its own investigation into the United States' human rights violations. It concluded: "The U.S. is a living hell."
Now, North Korea has decided to take a different tact. This week, North Korea's Association for Human Rights Studies published a lengthy report that looked at the country's human rights situation. In a remarkable act of openness, the entire document (53,558 words including appendix) has been published, in English, on the KCNA Web site .
It's a grueling read. The report opens by explaining the geography and history of Korea. It goes on to try to define the very notion of human rights, while also explaining that state sovereignty is a form of human rights (something the report says Koreans learned while under Japanese rule, living a "miserable life worse than a dog of a family having funeral").
Later, it talks about how North Korean human rights developed. It proudly talks about 11-year compulsory education system, it's gender-equality legislation, and its labor regulation that saw the introduction of eight-hour days. The basic human rights inscribed in the North Korean constitution are listed:
The right to elect and be elected (Article 66)
The right to freedom of speech, of the press, of assembly, demonstration and association. (Article 67)
The freedom of religious beliefs (Article 68)
The right of complaints and petitions (Article 69)
Inviolability of personal liberty and home and privacy of correspondence (Article 79)
The right of freedom of residence and travel (Article 75)
The right to protection of marriage and family (Article 78)
The socio-economic and cultural rights are as follows:
The right to work (Article 70)
The right to rest (Article 71)
The right to free medical care and social security (Article 72)
The right to education (Article 73)
The right to freedom in scientific, literary and artistic pursuits (Article 74)
The rights of specific groups are as follows:
The people who have made contributions to the country and people have the right to special care of the state and society (Article 76)
Equal social status and rights with men (Article 77, Paragraph 1)
The right of mothers and children to get special protection. (Article 77, Paragraph 2)
The DPRK shall grant the right of asylum to foreign nationals persecuted for struggling for peace and democracy, national independence and socialism or for the freedom of scientific and cultural pursuits. (Article 80)
In addition to these, the report later lists a number of "civil rights," including the right to fair trial, the right to not be subjected to slavery, and the right to not be tortured.
The report argues that North Koreans really do enjoy "genuine human rights," and lays the blame for international condemnation at the door of the United States, the European Union, Japan and South Korea. A statement that accompanied the release of the report said that North Korean citizens "feel proud of the world's most advantageous human rights system."
Anyone who read the U.N. report may disagree, however. There is no mention of allegations that North Korea conducts surveillance on its citizens, for example, or that the state will discriminate against them based on supposed ideological problems. On the reports that North Korea will imprison citizens in labor camps for their political beliefs and torture or even kill them, the report dismisses the evidence, saying the testimonies about the camps were made by "riffraffs," "fugitives" and "terrorists."
There is also no mention made of Matthew Miller , an American recently sentenced to six years of hard labor for “hostile acts,” after he reportedly ripped up his tourist visa upon arrival at the Pyongyang airport.
The report seems to know it won't convince anyone. In a coda, North Korea argues that what its report is the absolute truth, no matter what anyone thinks:
This Report just showed the glimpse of the reality. How to accept the truth here depends on the views of people. What’s clear here is that truth always remains as it is and it won’t lose its nature even though it is sometimes denied or fabricated.
This Report is based on the objective truth. Due to limited space and lack of ability of the writers, some information in the Report might not have adequate bases.
Adam Taylor writes about foreign affairs for The Washington Post. Originally from London, he studied at the University of Manchester and Columbia University.

Lalitha Kumarmangalam appointed NCW chairpersonPrint
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 17, 2014 4:13 pm | Updated: September 17, 2014 6:14 pm
Member of BJP’s national executive Lalitha Kumarmangalam was on Wednesday appointed the chairperson of the National Commission for Women (NCW).
“Kumarmangalam has been appointed as the NCW chairperson and we would like to welcome her,” Union Women and Child Development Minister Maneka Gandhi said, days after she had disapproved the practice of “political appointees” in the Commission.
Giving more details, Gandhi said that Kumarmangalam is from Tamil Nadu and runs an NGO called Prakriti. “She comes from Tamil Nadu. She has a very illustrious lineage, she is Mohan Kumamarmangalam’s daughter,” she added.
The Minister was asked if Kumarmangalam had any BJP affiliations. “Miss Mangalam does have affiliations but not… in the sense that she has stood for elections twice, but that’s about it,” Gandhi said.
Asked about the reasons for the choice, Gandhi replied that “This has been decided by the government and the Prime Minister. I know her, I have met her and she is very strong, very forceful in her advocacy of women’s needs. I am sure she will be a great asset to the NCW.”
When asked about her idea to appoint a judge as the chairperson of NCW, Gandhi replied, “It is in a state of limbo.”
The proposal which is aimed at enhancing the powers of the Commission, is awaiting approval from the Law Ministry. However she did not not elaborate on any specific reason because of which it is pending.
She also dismissed suggestions that there was a communication gap between WCD and Law ministries.
“I don’t think there is a communication gap. I think they have their views on it and perhaps we should at some point work through those views,” the Minister said.
Gandhi after taking charge had said that her Ministry wants to bring NCW on par with National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) to effectively deal with cases of violence and harassment against women.
The WCD has proposed more powers for the NCW including giving it powers to investigate, search, seize, issue warrant and arrest in matters of domestic violence, police apathy and sexual harassment at work place.

PF Body Chief Urges Green Light to Buy StocksYou are here: Home Your Money
PF Body Chief Urges Green Light to Buy Stocks
Reuters | Updated On: September 17, 2014 20:56 (IST)
Kisan Vikas Patra Relaunched: 10 Facts
The head of the Employees' Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO) says it has "no option" but to change its rules and put money into riskier investments by buying stocks for the first time to seek higher returns.
KK Jalan, chief of the EPFO, said that to get better returns, the fund with about $125 billion (Rs 7.6 lakh crore) in assets needs to diversify investments, the bulk of which are in government debt.
"The way our fund size is increasing, and the way it is bound to increase, there is no other option," Mr Jalan told Reuters in an interview.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government also wants the 8 crore-member EPFO, the world's ninth largest by assets in 2012, to invest in stocks, which could support buoyant Indian markets.
The Nifty has been a star performer so far in 2014, rising more than 26 per cent.
But EPFO's 43-member investment committee has blocked share purchases. Last month, it rejected a finance ministry proposal to invest at least 5 per cent of assets in stocks, saying this would expose workers' savings to volatility.
Mr Jalan did not say how he planned to overcome the opposition, but said change was inevitable at a time of bond yields are down due to lower inflation.
"If you do not have a debt market, what will you do?" he said. "It is just a matter of time ... before we consider other options."
The fund now invests nearly 70 per cent of its annual accruals of about Rs 70,000 crore in central and state government bonds, through the State Bank of India, ICICI Securities, HSBC and Reliance Capital as its portfolio managers.
DECLINING RETURNS
It invests about 5 per cent of its assets in AAA-rated corporate debt and a quarter in paper issued by state-run companies.
EPFO, funded by payroll contributions, holds 69 per cent of its assets in its provident fund. Another 29 per cent is invested in its $33 billion (nearly Rs 2 lakh crore) pension fund and the rest in a life insurance fund.
In the past year, EPFO has seen a decline in returns of about one percentage point. In the fiscal year ended in March, EPFO declared a return of 8.75 per cent to members. By comparison, the giant California State Teachers' Retirement System, the second-largest U.S. pension fund, in the 2013-2014 fiscal year had an 18.7 per cent return.
Adding to pressure on the Indian fund to reform and perform better, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has promised to increase social security benefits for employees and to set a minimum pension of Rs 1,000 a month. Current pensions can be as low as $3 ( Rs 183) a month.
The Narendra Modi government, elected in May, has made it compulsory for companies and workers earning up to Rs 15,000 a month to contribute to the fund - which could add 50 lakh members.
RECORD-KEEPING PROBLEMS
Even before a surge, poor past record-keeping means EPFO is having a hard time tracking people entitled to payments, according to Mr Jalan.
He said EPFO did not have an adequate database of beneficiaries, raising worries about the level of its future liabilities.
"It is a serious issue. Data should be correct even to a single person," he said adding, the pension fund faced a deficit of $1.6 billion (Rs 9,770 crore) in 2012/13, but that with enrolment of new members the situation would improve.
Membership expansion would increase EPFO's annual accruals by 25-30 per cent to nearly Rs 1 lakh crore, said Mr Jalan.
An internal report last year recommended that either the government make a one-off contribution of Rs 41,100 crore or raise the retirement age for employees to start getting benefits.
Mr Jalan, who did not comment on the report, said 35 lakh people were contributing to the pension programme but up to 80 lakh could be eligible to draw from it. (1 US dollar = 61.0900 rupees)
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

The Switchboard: Boeing and SpaceX win contracts to carry astronauts to International Space StationThis May 29, 2014 file photo shows Elon Musk as he unveils SpaceX's new seven-seat Dragon V2 spacecraft, in Hawthorne, California. (Robyn Beck/AFP/Getty Images)
Published every weekday, the Switchboard is your morning helping of hand-picked stories from the Switch team.
Tesla will now be allowed to sell directly to you in Massachusetts. "The highest court in Massachusetts has ruled that Tesla should be able to sell its electric cars directly to consumers," reports the Switch's Brian Fung. "That's a big win for billionaire entrepreneur Elon Musk, who's been waging a multi-state battle for the right to sell the vehicles — and make their technology more commonplace." But with other states still barring the practice, the ruling also shows how divides between how state policies could impact the growth of the electric-vehicle market.
NASA awards space contracts to Boeing and SpaceX. "NASA on Tuesday awarded a pair of much-anticipated contracts, worth up to $6.8 billion combined, to ferry astronauts to the International Space Station to Boeing and SpaceX in a deal that would allow the U.S. to launch astronauts into space from U.S. soil for the first time in years," reports Christian Davenport writing for the Switch.
You can now remove that U2 album from your iPhone. Apple and U2 gave everyone with iTunes a copy of the band's new album last week -- claiming it would count as the world's largest album launch. But not everyone actually wanted the album, and some were upset when it automatically showed up in their iTunes library as a "purchased" album. And now, the Switch's Hayley Tsukayama reports, Apple has released a tool for getting rid of the album.
How the gaming community destroys its heroes.   In Mojang founder Markus "Notch" Persson's note announcing his departure from the company he built as it was bought for a massive sum by Microsoft, he said the move was to preserve his sanity. And given the way that the gaming community treats the people whose talents they claim to prize, that's a credible claim.
Momentum is building for a net neutrality compromise.  "Internet service providers (ISPs) and net neutrality activists appear increasingly interested in a proposal that would give consumers more control over their Internet service, a hopeful sign for compromise in the debate about whether all Internet traffic should be treated equally," reports the Switch's Brian Fung.
 
Andrea Peterson covers technology policy for The Washington Post, with an emphasis on cybersecurity, consumer privacy, transparency, surveillance and open government.

iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus review: Real magic lies in Apple s iOS 8The new Apple iPhones going on sale this week, the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus, have crisper screens, faster processors and sharper cameras.
ET SPECIAL:
By Molly Wood
Bigger. Bigger. Bigger.
The new Apple iPhones going on sale this week, the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus, have crisper screens, faster processors and sharper cameras.
And, as you might have heard, they are also bigger than previous iPhones - the 6 Plus by a long shot - joining the stampede toward bigger handsets. But after almost a week of trying the phones, it became clear that the hardware was not the best part of the package. In its quest to deliver bigger phones to a market clamoring for them, Apple has made one phone that is actually a little too small and one that's a little too big.
The best part of the new phones is actually the new software inside, which is available for some older models, too, starting on Wednesday. The software, iOS 8 , combines some of the advanced features of Android with Apple's ease of use and reliability.
Because of the software, it's hard to see many iPhone fans straying from Apple, even if they don't buy new iPhones immediately.
The iPhone 6 is a 4.7-inch device, up from 4 inches on the iPhone 5 and 5S. It's a little wider than those phones, too.
Those dimensions make it slightly smaller than the top Android and Windows devices on the market, helping it fit easily in jeans pockets. Compared with a Samsung Galaxy S5 or the HTC One (M8), though, the iPhone 6 screen feels constrained. The iPhone 6 starts at $200 with a new contract.
The iPhone 6 Plus is a behemoth. It has the same size display as the LG G3, at 5.5 inches, but is significantly taller. It's longer even than the Galaxy Note 3, which has a 5.7-inch display. It starts at $300 with a new contract.
Both the 6 and 6 Plus get thinner, flatter and more rounded shapes than their predecessors, losing the squared-off sides on the more recent models. The effect looks sleek, but feels slippery. Dropping seems imminent as you stretch your thumb across the larger screens.
Apple takes some small steps to mitigate the finger stretch with a feature called Reachability, which lets you touch (not press) the home button twice to shift the screen down to the bottom half of the display.
The feature works nicely for one-handed scrolling and finding app icons, but it doesn't do much else. If you're in an email, for example, you can't get access to any actions like Reply or Archive.
Apple could have taken a cue from other makers of so-called phablets (a blend of the words "phone" and "tablet") and come up with powerful ways to take advantage of those bigger screens.
For example, the forthcoming Samsung Galaxy Note 4 will let users resize app windows using a finger or stylus and view multiple windows simultaneously on its 5.7-inch display, as on a desktop computer. The 5.5-inch LG G3 lets you open two apps at once and resize them as you like.
The iPhones do include some tricks created for bigger phones, like a zoom feature that lets you subtly increase the size of app icons and text in native apps.
And when you turn the phones sideways, into landscape mode, the keyboard in the built-in apps like Mail and Messages has more options - a microphone, undo key, period and comma and others on the iPhone 6, and even more on the iPhone 6 Plus, like dedicated copy and paste keys.
Those extra iPhone 6 Plus keys disappear if you choose the zoomed display, however. And the iPhone 6 Plus is so big that in landscape mode, I had a hard time reaching the keys to type.
Even the built-in Apple keyboard doesn't get any extra keys when holding the phone upright, the way the Samsung and LG keyboards include number keys above the letters, and period and comma keys.
As for the features that people love about their iPhones, they only get better. The iPhone 6 cameras, for example, are outstanding.
Both rear-facing cameras have new sensors that deliver faster autofocus, better face detection and the ability to capture high-resolution panoramas. The faster focus is immediately obvious, even in casual use.

Waterspouts wow Florida onlookersResidents of the Pensacola, Fla., area posted video of water spouts in the Gulf of Mexico on Sept. 15 and 16. (Thomas Johnson/The Washington Post)
 
Waterspouts wowed onlookers along the northern Gulf Coast on Tuesday afternoon, and a tornado warning was issued for a looming waterspout near Pensacola Beach, Fla. on Monday night.
The largest of Tuesday’s spouts spun off the coast of Navarre, Fla., in the Santa Rosa sound near Pensacola.
While waterspouts can be caused by a parent supercell thunderstorm, they typically occur on days of high overcast clouds, like these did. Winds in a large waterspout like this could reach around 60 mph.
On Monday evening, the National Weather Service issued a tornado warning for a waterspout that was approaching the shore in Pensacola Beach. While waterspouts are pretty common in the Gulf of Mexico, spout-induced tornado warnings are less frequent.
Monday night’s tornado warning, due to a waterspout that was approaching Pensacola Beach, Fla. (NWS)
Waterspout in the Santa Rosa Sound at Navarre Beach, FL @spann pic.twitter.com/AKyb0D2ZwR
— Kim Turner (@kimturner015) September 16, 2014
Waterspout just south of Quayside Village. pic.twitter.com/7NqE3Ug2vJ
— Midway Fire District (@MidwayFire) September 16, 2014
Took this photo at 11 am cst time today from my back yard in Navarre, FL @weatherchannel #weatherchannel @JimCantore pic.twitter.com/CxM6XNUcjp

Narendra Modi likely to attend technology fair in Germany in April 2015Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 17, 2014 7:21 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is expected to attend the world-renowned engineering and technology fair at Hannover in Germany in April next year, an official statement on Wednesday said.
India has conveyed its consent to be the ‘Partner Country’ at the five-day engineering fair in Germany to be held from April 12, 2015. “By accepting the invitation of German Chancellor Angela Merkel for India to be the Partner Country at Hannover Messe 2015, the government has sent strong signals to the industry about strengthening global trade and inviting investment into India.
“Prime Minister Narendra Modi is expected to be present at the world renowned engineering and technology fair,” the Commerce and Industry Ministry statement said.
The Department of Commerce has mandated Engineering Export Promotion Council India and India Brand Equity Foundation (IBEF) along with Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) as the lead agencies for Indian participation in the fair. About 300 Indian companies including public sector giants would be participating in the fair, seeking technology collaborations, business tie-ups and showcasing India’s capabilities in global trade.
The Government is seeing the participation in the fair as an opportunity to increase its global presence in commodities and services, apart from utilizing the event for attracting investments into India as part of the ‘Make in India’ campaign of the Prime Minister.
The Department of Commerce is in touch with key departments and leaders of Indian businesses, seeking their participation in the fair.
With USD 21 billion bilateral trade, Germany is India’s sixth largest trading partner. The areas and sectors of cooperation include mechanical engineering, automobiles, chemicals, services, nuclear reactors and construction.
Textile, chemical, leather goods, iron, steel, electronics, electrical components, pharmaceutical and auto components are major items of exports to Germany.
India’s main imports from Germany include electrical generation equipment, auto products, bearings, gear equipment, measurement and control equipment, chemicals, synthetic material, machine tools, aircrafts and iron and steel sheets.

Bobby Jindal accuses Obama of being a science denier on energy. That probably wont stick.By Philip Bump September 17 Follow @pbump
Gov. Bobby Jindal waves as he speaks at the Family Leadership Summit in Ames, Iowa, on Aug. 9. (Brian Frank)
On Monday, Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal (R) told attendees at a breakfast hosted by the Christian Science Monitor on Monday that the Obama administration was comprised of "science deniers" because of its energy policies -- even as he downplayed the role of energy production in the problem of global warming.
The term "science denier" doesn't have a long etymology in modern American politics, being used largely by the left to excoriate those who ignore or downplay the evidence tying the burning of fossil fuels to the long-term uptick in global temperatures. (The governor spoke the day after NASA announced that last month was the hottest August on record.) Jindal agreed that humans contributed to warming, but offered that the extent of our role should be resolved by scientists.
Even if Jindal wanted to tackle the issue of climate change, he's in a political bind. He wants to run for president; he admitted as much yesterday. But Republicans are split on the existence of global warming, much less its cause, according to 2013 polling from Pew Research . Among more conservative Republicans, it's not a split: those who identify with the tea party think there's no evidence of global warming by a nearly three-to-one margin. Those are the people who likely will vote most heavily in the 2016 Republican primaries -- so even Jindal's admission that people play some role in climate change represents a political risk.
What's more, Louisiana is an energy-producing state. Jindal's job, quite literally, is to help the state's economy, and to that end, he'd like to see more oil exploration and the completion of the much-debated Keystone XL pipeline, which would begin in Alberta, Canada, piping a form of oil to Nebraska, where it then would head to the Gulf Coast near Louisiana. Jindal critiqued the administration's proposal to cut carbon emissions by 30 percent (as well as other proposals aimed at cutting down on pollution from fossil fuel consumption), arguing that the move would result in more energy production and consumption -- and more energy jobs -- overseas.
Jindal's suggestion that the administration is broadly hostile to energy exploration, or denying it as valuable, downplays a key bit of data. Thanks in large part to the technological innovations in hydraulic fracturing, oil production in the United States has expanded greatly since 2008. That year, according to the Energy Information Administration , the country produced about 5 million barrels of oil a day. In 2013, that was up to 7.45 million barrels -- nearly a 50 percent increase. The spike in oil production is, however, featured in a report produced by a group Jindal helps chair which advocates for more exploration. That report suggests that the government "focus on agenda-free climate research to best understand what may or may not take place regarding future climate changes."
The government has already done that , and it supports the consensus about what happens when oil and other fossil fuels are burned : It releases carbon dioxide, which if released into the atmosphere, adds to the problem of global warming. This is the source of the term "science denier," which is more commonly used to refer to people who downplay that link than those who want to address it.
Again: Jindal is in a tricky position. He wants to champion energy exploration and appeal to conservative voters while still positioning himself as a realist and a policy wonk, which was the main goal of Tuesday's speech. That puts him on the left-most outskirts of the 2016 field. How that evolves over the course of the campaign will be very interesting to watch.
Philip Bump writes about politics for The Fix. He previously wrote for The Wire, the news blog of The Atlantic magazine. He has contributed to The Daily Beast, The Atlantic, The Daily, and the Huffington Post. Philip is based in New York City.

Lighter-skinned minorities are more likely to support RepublicansComments
By Spencer Piston September 17
Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney, walks in Bluford Universal Elementary School in May 2012 in West Philadelphia with Kenneth Gamble, music mogul and chairman of Universal Companies, a Philadelphia nonprofit that runs the school. (Credit: Clem Murray/Philadelphia Inquirer)
Many political analysts and media pundits argue that the Republican Party has a “ race problem ” when it comes to national elections. The logic is that Latinos and Asian Americans constitute the two fastest growing segments of the population, and they tend to vote Democratic, most notably in the 2008 and 2012 presidential elections. Projections suggest that the proportion of the electorate that is Latino and Asian American will continue to increase; therefore, the proportion of Republican votes will decline .
But two considerations should make us pause before ringing a death knell for the GOP.
First, research shows that Latinos and Asian Americans have weaker partisan attachments than blacks and whites. The battle for the allegiance of these largely uncommitted groups isn’t over yet.
Which Latinos and Asian Americans might be most susceptible to Republican appeals? Recent research suggests that social exclusion can lead Asian Americans to identify as Democrats. The idea is that upon experiencing discrimination, Asian Americans decide to ally themselves with minority constituencies that also experience discrimination, as well as the party thought to represent those constituencies – the Democratic Party. By this logic, those ethnic minorities most likely to lean Republican should be those least likely to suffer discrimination: those with light skin .
Consistent with this line of thinking, the relationship between skin color and partisan preferences among Latinos and Asian Americans is illustrated below. I begin by analyzing a nationally representative sample of Latino citizens interviewed as part of 2012 American National Election Studies (ANES) . The following plots show predicted values of party identification and predicted probabilities of voting for Democratic candidates in 2012. These are based on analyses that also account for education, age, gender, income, and whether people were born in the United States.
The results show that lighter-skinned Latinos are more likely than darker-skinned Latinos to identify as Republican and to vote for Republicans. For example, in the 2012 election for Senate, the darkest-skinned Latinos are estimated to have a 98 percent chance of voting for the Democrat, whereas the lightest-skinned Latinos are estimated to have a 43 percent chance.
Unfortunately, the ANES has too few Asian Americans to run a comparable analysis. Moreover, skin color was measured by the interviewer, perhaps imperfectly. It is possible that an interviewer’s estimate of a respondent’s skin color is influenced by the interviewer’s perceptions of the respondent’s political views – if, for example, the interviewer holds a stereotype that Obama supporters are dark-skinned.
To address these limitations, I examine an additional dataset: the recently released 2008 Collaborative Multi-racial Post-election Survey (CMPS) . This survey conducted interviews with a large number of Asian-American registered voters, including interviews in Mandarin, Cantonese, Korean and Vietnamese. Furthermore, the measure of skin tone is obtained through self-reporting, mitigating concerns about interviewer biases.
The graphs below reveal a pattern for Asian Americans that is similar to that of Latinos, albeit somewhat attenuated: light-skinned Asian Americans are more likely than dark-skinned Asian Americans to identify as Republican and vote for Republicans if they are lighter-skinned. The one exception is the relationship between skin tone and voting Democrat for Senate in 2008, which does not reach conventional standards of statistical significance.
The self-reported measure of skin tone is undoubtedly imperfect as well. Still, it is striking that across two different ethnic groups, two national datasets, and two different modes of measuring skin tone, lighter-skinned individuals are more likely than dark-skinned individuals to prefer Republicans.
A second weakness of the Republican “race problem” argument is its assumption that the proportion of whites voting Democrat will remain the same even as the white share of the population dwindles. But research suggests that whites may interpret these demographic trends as a threat . Indeed, recent research suggests that merely informing whites of changing demographics increases racial and ethnic prejudice as well as support for the Republican Party .
It is possible, therefore, that the coming years will witness movement toward the Republican Party from: (1) light-skinned Latinos; (2) light-skinned Asian Americans; and (3) prejudiced white Independents and white Democrats.
The coming decades may therefore be characterized by a different kind of partisan polarization than we normally think about: polarization by skin tone. This would give new meaning to the phrase “ divided by color ,” and if it is indeed what the future holds, it is not at all clear that Republicans are the party with a “race problem.”
Spencer Piston is an assistant professor of political science at Syracuse University.

Imran Khan calls for Day of Deliverance on Friday  Nawaz Sharif defiantPress Trust of India | Islamabad | Posted: September 17, 2014 8:14 pm
Pakistan government and protesters were once again headed on collision course with Imran Khan declaring Friday as a ‘Day of Deliverance’ and a defiant Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif on Thursday saying he will not resign on the wishes of a few thousand.
The country’s political crisis deepened with a murder case registered against Prime Minister Sharif, his ministers and other top officials last night for their alleged involvement in the killing of anti-government protesters.
At least three people were killed and over 500 injured in clashes with police on August 30 after Pakistan Tehreek-i- Insaf Chairman Khan and cleric Tahir-ul-Qadri of the Pakistan Awami Tehreek asked their supporters to march towards Sharif’s official residence. PAT had approached the court for registering of the case.
Khan announced late last night that Friday would be marked as ‘Go Nawaz Go’ Day and a ‘Day of Deliverance’. The cricketer-turned-politician, while addressing supporters in front of the Parliament, said he would continue the protest movement till Sharif resigns.
With Imran stepping up pressure on the government, Qadri also reiterated PAT’s demand for Sharif’s resignation. The PAT chief said Sharif and his close aides, booked for murder charges, should be arrested immediately. “If not today, then tomorrow they will be hanged,” Qadri said.
Prime Minister Sharif, while speaking at a public event in the Punjab province, said the entire nation had a unanimous view of pursuing a democratic path with only a few people pursuing negative politics that posed a serious threat to national development.
“Why should Nawaz Sharif and Shahbaz Sharif resign on the demand of five thousand people,” the Prime Minister said, adding that he was sure the nation would stand by them. “The entire Parliament is on one side and a single party stands alone on the other (demanding resignation),” he said. Sharif highlighted that the government had shown a lot of patience in dealing with the Islamabad sit-ins.
“It is not hard to clear the containers and protesters, but we have shown patience in this regard,” Sharif said. Meanwhile, Jamaat-e-Islami (JI) chief Sirajul Haq said negotiations with protesting parties — PTI and PAT — and the government will begin on Thursday.
“I have been in contact with members of various other political parties, and we have decided that negotiations with the rulers and the protesting parties will begin again tomorrow,” Haq said while addressing the media. Khan wants Sharif’s ouster over alleged rigging in last year’s poll which his party lost, while Qadri wants to bring a revolution in the country. They are agitating since August 14, demanding Sharif’s ouster.

Lava Iris Pro 30+ review: Same bottle and wine with a bit of +2000 mAh
2000 mAh
While few changes like 16 GB internal memory, 13 MP rear camera and dual SIM card slots supporting regular SIM card in one are welcome, what’s frustrating to see is that Lava did not care to provide the latest Android 4.4 KitKat OS despite launching the so-called upgraded Iris Pro 30+ version after six months. I used the Lava Iris Pro 30+ for over three weeks and here’s my take.
Design: The upgraded model looks exactly same as the previously launched Lava Iris Pro 30. However, if you are viewing for the first time, the device will surely impress you.
The unique iPhone-like design should draw appreciation from the mid-range smartphone market. The device is very light and slim.
The matte finish soft plastic back gives a premium feel. The back can be opened to access two SIM card slots (regular + micro) and a microSD card slot, however, the battery cannot be removed.
The 4.7-inch screen makes one-handed operation easy and it easily fits inside trouser pockets. In general, users shouldn’t have any complains with the design.
Display: The upgraded model is using the same display and produces decent results. Indoor visibility is of course good and at 312 ppi, the devices offers an average viewing experience outdoors. However, on bright sunlight, visibility is not good when the screen is kept at medium brightness. The viewing angles and colours are good. The display resolution is pretty sharp thanks to the One Glass Solution.
Performance: The 1.5 GHz quad-core processor does a good job. The device scored 19887 on AnTuTu and ranks close to Google Nexus 4. I did not experience any sort of lags during regular usage. Multimedia performance on the device was good too. I played a HD movie from my pen drive (USB OTG) and scrolled through the time line while running several back ground tasks without any lags. There was no heating issues on regular usage. Overall, smartphone offers a smooth experience and buyers in this price segment shouldn’t face any issues with performance.
Software and UI: The device offers a pure stock Android experience which is good for most smartphone users in this range. Lava has not added any sort of bloatware.
Image at 4X zoom.
Camera: Decent. The camera actually offers up to 18 MP resolutions. The camera produces good images in low lighting conditions as well. However, when images are shot with full zoom, the results are disappointing.
The camera features several modes like HDR, Live Photo (image with sound), multi-angle shot and panaroma.
The camera is a bit slow when it is focusing on a subject. Overall, the performance of the camera is decent.
Storage: The device comes with 16 GB of internal storage out of which around 8 GB is available. The storage can be further expanded up to 32 GB via microSD card. This is one area Lava has improved. The previous Iris Pro 30 model offered only 1.5 GB of free internal storage.
Connectivity: No issues with connectivity. The phone supports 3G connectivity along with EDGE, GPRS, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, USB OTG Connectivity.
Battery: Surprisingly good. If someone is using a 2G network for regular usage, the device will last for almost 48 hours on medium display brightness. On 3G network, with a full charge, the phone will easily last a full day or even more.
Verdict: Lava Iris Pro 30+ is a good smartphone overall. However, Lava will surely lose mileage for using an older Android 4.2.2 Jelly Bean OS. As a lot of competitors are offering a better spec sheet in the price range of Rs. 11,000 to Rs. 13,000, Lava will find it difficult to justify Android 4.2.2 Jelly Bean, a 4.7-inch screen and a quad-core processor at a price of Rs. 11,399. However, if you like the phone and not too keen on the spec sheet, go ahead and buy it.

Kanpurs Green Park stadium will be exclusive Test venue: Rajiv ShuklaPrint
Posted: September 17, 2014 7:18 pm
Uttar Pradesh Cricket Association (UPCA) secretary Rajeev Shukla today said that new stadia will be built in the state to host IPL and limited-over matches while Green Park here will be used solely as a Test venue.
“To host big tournaments like the IPL, a city should have at least two 5 Star hotels, which Kanpur does not have. Other than that a stadium with a minimum capacity of 50,000 spectators is a must for such events and thus UP’s industrial capital cannot host an IPL game,” said Shukla who was here to take part in UPCA’s Annual General Meeting (AGM).
“Greater Noida, which seems to posses all the much-needed facilities for international tournament, can play host to IPL matches. Even the players and officials of the franchise teams will find it a good venue,” said the BCCI vice-president.
Shukla reiterated his promise of building three new international-level cricket stadiums in the state. He also said that the association is also planning an international cricket academy in Kanpur, which will have foreign players interacting with the upcoming local boys for greater exposure.
“Ghaziabad or Agra in west UP, Varanasi and Kanpur in east UP are on the radar for building of three new international stadiums. We are in search of land for these stadiums. Grounds are also being developed in cities like Gorakhpur, Allahabad and Moradabad to conduct Ranji and International matches,” said Shukla.
“Work is in progress for an International academy in Kanpur’s Kamla Club and four former players have been appointed as coach. The academy will be equipped with a 3 Star hotel level hostel, gym and added facilities will be provided.
Also in the set-up, former West Indies bowlers are being contacted as coaches and for fielding and batting departments, ex-players from South Africa and Australia are being contacted,” he added.
Shukla further said that cricket will be given a boost in all the districts of the state to encourage young talent to come forward and blossom at the national level.

Live Cricket Score  CLT20  KKR vs CSK: KKR win toss  elect to bowl first against CSKRyan ten Doeschate struck a fine unbeaten 51 to guide IPL champions Kolkata Knight Riders to a seven-wicket win over Chennai Super Kings. (Source: BCCI)
Press Trust of India | Hyderabad | Posted: September 17, 2014 6:31 pm | Updated: September 18, 2014 12:21 pm
Andre Russell smashed a breathtaking half century while Ryan ten Doeschate struck a fine unbeaten 51 to guide IPL champions Kolkata Knight Riders to a three-wicket win over Chennai Super Kings in a Group A match of the Oppo Champions League Twenty20, in Hyderabad on Thursday.
Chasing a competitive 158 for win, KKR were in trouble after slumping to 51 for five inside 10 overs.
But Russell (58 off 25) and Ten Doeschate shared match-winning 80 runs for the sixth wicket off just 42 balls to keep KKR afloat.
After Russell’s dismissal, Ten Doeshchate took the onus on himself to guide KKR home and managed to achieve that with six balls to spare.
KKR’s chase, however, started on a horrendous note as they lost their first four wickets inside the 30-run mark.
Left-arm pacer Ashish Nehra (4/21) was the wrecker in chief for KKR. He accounted for the wickets of KKR skipper Gautam Gambhir, Manish Pandey and Manvinder Bisla in quick succession to rattle CSK.
In fact, Nehra was on the verge of a hat-trick as he dismissed Gambhir and Pandey in consecutive balls in the third over.
Yusuf Pathan too failed to sparkle as he edged a Mohit Sharma delivery to Faf du Plessiss in the first slip in the fourth over.
Young Suryakumar Yadav started brightly with a 17-ball 19 before he was caught by Ravichandran Ashwin off Ravindra Jadeja in the ninth over with KKR scoreboard reading 51 for five in nine overs.
But Ten Doeshchate and Russell had other plans as they started cautiously to build up the chase before opening up. Russell was the aggressive among the duo as he laced his knock with four boundaries and five huge sixes. Ten Doeschate, on the other hand, played the second fiddle and struck three fours and two hits over the fence during his unbeaten knock.
Russell was at his attacking best as he struck two massive sixes of Mohit Sharma in the 16th over to not only bring KKR closer but also bring up his half century in style.
Russell added salt to Mohit and CSK’s wounds by finishing off the over with a boundary to score 18 runs off the 16th over.
Just when it seemed Russell’s pyrotechnics would take the game away from CSK, Nehra cleaned up the West Indian with a gem of an yorker to pick up his fourth wicket of the day and bring his side back into the game.
But Ten Doeschate kept a calm head and guided KKR home in exactly 19 overs in Piyush Chawla’s company.
Earlier, CSK rode on late bursts from skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni and Dwayne Bravo to post a fighting 157 for four.
With CSK in a spot of bother at 86 for four in 12.3 overs, Dhoni and Bravo joined hands to pull the team out of trouble with an unbeaten 71-run partnership off just 45 balls.
Dhoni finished the innings unbeaten on 35 off 20 balls with the help of three fours and two sixes, while Bravo decorated his unconquered run-a-ball 28-run knock with two boundaries and as many hits over the fence.
Sent into bat, CSK were off to a quick start with the opening pair of Dwayne Smith and Brendon McCullum sharing 37 runs runs off 24 balls.
Smith’s 20-run knock off 13 balls was laced with four boundaries before he was caught behind off leg-spinner Chawla (2/26).
McCullum (22 off 19) followed suit as he was struck plumb in front of the wicket by part-time spinner Pathan (1/16) while attempting a reverse sweep.
With CSK in a spot of bother at 49 for two in 6.4 overs, Suresh Raina took the onus on himself to resurrect his side’s innings in the company of Du Plessiss.
The duo added 35 runs for the third wicket before Raina was adjudged LBW off Sunil Narine (1/9) in the 12th over with CSK’s score reading 84 for three.
With KKR producing a disciplined bowling effort in the middle overs, the CSK batsmen found it difficult to score runs easily.
CSK’s problems compounded further when Du Plessiss departed in the 13th over to give Chawla his second wicket of the day.
With runs hard to come by off the spinners, CSK batsmen waited for the pacers to open up.
They finally did when a gutsy Dwayne Bravo opened up against Umesh Yadav and punished the pacer for two fours in the 14th over.
Inspired by Bravo’s strokeplay, Dhoni too opened his arms and smashed Russell for two fours to pick up 12 runs in the 15th over.
With overs running out, it was desperate times for CSK batsmen and young Pat Cummins became the victim when Bravo clobbered the pacer for two sixes in the 17th over that yielded 21 runs.
Cummins was once again at the firing line as Dhoni whacked the bowler over deep midwicket boundary for a six in the penultimate over.
Dhoni took Umesh Yadav for task and struck a four and a humongous six off the last ball to finish off the innings in style.
Ten Doeschate kept a calm head and guided KKR home in exactly 19 overs in Chawla's company.

Club for Growth blinks  backs down on funding billBy Robert Costa September 17 Follow @costareports
House Republican leaders were given a boost Wednesday when the Club for Growth, an influential conservative group, decided to withdraw its “key vote” against the government funding bill.
“The Club for Growth is withdrawing its key vote against the FY15 Continuing Resolution,” wrote Andy Roth, the group’s vice president for government affairs, in a memo to House members. “While we remain strongly opposed to the CR and to the language extending the charter of the Export-Import Bank (among other things), the addition of the ISIS language does not make this a revealing vote about economic policy. Instead, it will be largely driven by foreign policy, something the Club for Growth does not take an official position on.”
A "key vote" is part of how activist groups make demands and score lawmakers' ideological purity. When one highlights a piece of legislation as a "key vote," it means it is advising its allies on Congress to follow its lead, and warning that breaking from the group's line will cause a drop in a lawmaker's rating.
In previous government funding debates, the organization’s opposition to extensions had been a thorn in the side of the speaker and an obstacle to the Republican whips.
The broader retreat by many conservative groups reluctant to make a major stand on the government funding vote, a year after they cheered on an impasse that led to a 16-day shutdown, reflects the muddled nature of Wednesday's floor activities, and gives the leadership a newly cleared path to pick up support from the right flank in the final pre-vote hours.
By day’s end, urgency on foreign policy and a lack of political theater on domestic policy is expected to yield strong majorities for the amendment to the government funding bill that would authorize the arming and training of moderate Syrian rebels, and for the continuing resolution.
“I don't think we'll say no to very specific training for Syrian rebels," said Rep. Richard Hudson (R-N.C.). "People are frustrated with the president but the votes will be there."
Robert Costa is a national political reporter at The Washington Post.

More immigrants applied for drivers licenses in Colorado than the state expectedBy Hunter Schwarz September 17 Follow @hunterschwarz
Immigrant Rosalva Mireles, left, is photographed and processed for her permanent driver’s license at a Department of Motor Vehicles office in Denver in August. (AP Photo/Brennan Linsley)
Demand for driver’s licenses in Colorado is higher than expected under a new law that offers state-issued IDs to residents regardless of immigration status.
In August, the first month the law went into effect, 100 percent of the slots to apply were filled, according to the Colorado Department of Revenue. Only five DMVs offer the service, and they are limited to 155 appointments a day. In that time, 1,655 driver’s licenses, permits and ID cards were issued. Another 1,166 people who had an appointment didn’t receive any form of ID because they did not fulfill requirements, which include documentation they’ve lived in the state continuously for 24 months and a passport or other form of identification from their country of origin.
Funding for the program was determined by the state’s prediction that about half of Colorado’s 150,000 immigrants seeking licenses would apply within three years. Funding was set at $436,291, down from an initial $855,686.
“We were providing the best estimate we could when the legislature needed it,” Chris Ward, fiscal note manager for the Colorado Legislative Council,  told the Denver Post . “We just didn’t think demand was going to be this high.”
According to estimates from the Denver Post , it will take about four years for those who want to obtain licenses to make an appointment with DMV. But it could take longer because the licenses expire after three years and a high percentage of those with appointments don’t receive a license the day of their appointment.
Colorado is one of 11 states that allow immigrants who are not in the country legally to receive driver’s licenses.
States with laws allowing residents to apply for driver’s licenses regardless of immigration status
Reporter for The Washington Post. Formerly of the BuzzFeed Los Angeles bureau.

Coffee rally pauses despite crop concernsCoffee rally pauses despite crop concerns
By Emiko Terazono
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/603537b8-382f-11e4-b69d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Does Narendra Modi love equity marketsMahesh Nayak      Follow @MaheshNayak    Last Updated: September 16, 2014  | 11:37 IST
PM Narendra Modi (Photo: Reuters)
In 2008 when ING had sent Manish Bhandari for an eight-day study trip to Beijing and Shanghai, he was amazed to see a 10 to 15 km, eight-lane flyover cutting through residential houses going from one end of the city to another. Says Bhandari, Founder of Vallum Capital: "The Chinese government was very clear that they wanted development, and today I see this happening with the Modi government coming to power. The focus of this government is development."
It's not just Bhandari, but the entire equity markets believe that the agenda of the government is development, one of the key reasons that the BSE Sensex has been trading at an all-time high. Since the new government came to power on May 16, 2014, the market barometer has climbed 13 per cent.
There is no doubt about Modi's profound love for development. When he was the chief minister of Gujarat, a Japanese delegation, including media, met India Inc. leaders and looked at the development work done by him in the state. The result was Japan's commitment to invest $33.5 billion in infrastructure projects in India.
But does Modi love equity markets too? His previous track record may not be in his favour. In 2008, when he was Gujarat's CM, he levied a 30 per cent tax before profit on state-run companies as part of corporate social responsibility (CSR) for carrying out welfare activity in the state. Again in January 2013, he added an additional burden on state-run companies to dole out more funds to promote innovations.
 
The result: the stocks of Gujarat-based PSU companies have taken a massive beating. In 2008, for instance, after the state government levied the 30 per cent tax before profit, the stock of Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers & Chemicals Ltd (GNFC) crashed from Rs 120 to Rs 48 in one month. Even after six years, the GNFC stock is still trading at Rs 100 per share. The stocks of Gujarat Alkalies and Chemicals Ltd, Gujarat State Petronet, and Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Ltd have suffered similar fate.
Says Gautam Trivedi, Managing Director at Religare Capital Markets: "The question to be asked is have Gujarat-based companies done good? The answer is they have done well. Second, Modi will not shoot himself in the foot when he has a huge disinvestment program lined-up." Adds Bhandari, who feels that the government will support state-run companies and give the managers a free hand to operate: "In fact, I see lot of action among state-run companies. Modi will not like his name to be associated with beleaguered [companies] and therefore the only choice left for them (state-run companies) is to improve or perish."
The disinvestment process has already begun and that is seen as a huge positive among market players. This would be the largest disinvestment program by the government. Earlier, the largest amount raised by the government through disinvestment was Rs 39,000 crore in 2007/08. The government now has plans to raise Rs 64,000 crore by March 2015.
Says Trivedi: "It's ambitious, but this time round the government has started its disinvestment process much earlier, unlike in the previous years when it used to start in the last quarter of every fiscal. Though there are concerns whether there is [enough] appetite in the market to absorb such quantum of paper."
The biggest positive for the Indian markets is the foreign institutional investor (FII) inflows. So far, FIIs have invested $14 billion in Indian equities.
India, in fact, has been the recipient of highest foreign flows compared to any other Asian market, including Japan. Unlike the previous bull market of 2007 where all five cylinders - retail, mutual fund , insurance, FIIs and private equity funds - had fired, this time round it's just the FIIs. "Election result was a huge game changer for India, which is getting re-rated. Huge global money [is] being allocated to India," says Trivedi, adding: "This bull still has legs and everyone will get attracted to the Indian market as going ahead, growth will drive the market. The government just has to stick to its plan of development."

Trade deficit hits 4-month high on August exportsAugust exports growth slows as trade gap hits 4-mth high
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 15, 2014  | 23:39 IST
Growth rate of India's exports slipped to 5-month low of 2.35 per cent in August at $26.95 billion, pushing up the trade deficit  to $10.83 billion.
Gold imports jumped significantly to $2.03 billion last month, from $738.7 million a year ago.
Exporters body FIEO attributed the poor performance of exports to slowdown in European markets.
"The situation in EU is still bad. The exporters are waiting for the new foreign trade policy. We are expecting measures to boost exports," FIEO president Rafeeq Ahmed said.
Trade deficit in August was highest in the last four months. It was $10 billion in April when exports had recorded a low growth of 5.26 per cent.
According to the Ministry of Commerce and Industry data, overall imports grew only 2.08 per cent to $37.79 billion.
Exports in May and June had registered a growth of 12.4 per cent and 10.22 per cent respectively. In July, export growth slipped further to 7.33 per cent.
For the April-August period- first five months of the current fiscal - exports have grown 7.31 per cent to $134.79 billion. Imports, however, have dipped by 2.69 per cent to $190.94 billion.
Trade deficit during the five months has reached $56.15 billion, lower than $70.6 billion in the year-ago period.
Oil imports declined by 14.97 per cent in August to $12.83 billion. However, non-oil imports during the month were up by 13.82 per cent to $24.95 billion.
Due to restrictions on gold imports, gems and jewellery exports dipped by 10.31 per cent to $3.23 billion in August. Similarly, overseas shipments of electronic goods declined by 17.67 per cent to $547 million.
The other exporting sectors which recorded negative growth in August include tea, coffee, rice, tobacco, spices, oil meals, iron ore and petroleum products.
However, pharmaceuticals, chemicals and engineering exports registered a growth of 7 per cent, 2.66 per cent and 22.2 per cent, respectively.
As for imports, sectors which recorded negative growth include fertiliser, coal, petroleum, transport equipment, project goods and silver.

Jubilant Congress declares end of Modi governments honeymoon periodNew Delhi, September 16, 2014
Updated: September 16, 2014 21:45 IST
Jubilant Congress declares end of ‘Modi government’s honeymoon period’
PTI
The Hindu Congress supporters celebrate the party's bypoll win in Rajasthan, at the party office in Jaipur on Tuesday. Photo: Rohit Jain Paras
TOPICS
political development
The Congress on Tuesday termed the results of the nine-State Assembly bypolls, in which the BJP suffered major reverses, as a “good omen” for secular forces and said it should ring alarm bells in the saffron party as people have rejected the “politics of polarisation”.
Saying that “Modi (government’s) honeymoon period with the people was over”, party spokesperson Shakeel Ahmed sought to portray the verdict in Uttar Pradesh, where the BJP could win only three of the 11 Assembly seats while the rest going to the SP, as “the vote against BJP more than in favour of any party”.
He, at the same time, acknowledged that the Congress could not perform as per its expectations in the State by not winning a single seat, but reminded that in the Lok Sabha elections too, it had won only in two of the 80 Parliamentary constituencies.
Mr. Ahmed claimed that anti-incumbency factor has set in within 100 days of Modi government coming to power.
“People did not like the attitude of BJP and Modi government. While the Prime Minister himself kept silent, BJP leaders and Ministers in the Modi government played the politics of polarisation with their statements. People of Uttar Pradesh have rejected BJP’s politics of hate mongering.
“This is perhaps first government, whose anti-incumbency had begun within 100 days of coming to power... Alarm bells are ringing for the BJP. This is a good omen for secular forces that people have started rejecting them,” Mr. Ahmed said.
He, however, noted that the Congress’ gains in Gujarat and Rajasthan were significant as the party had drawn a blank in both States in the Lok Sabha polls.
Terming the results as a “morale booster” for Congress, Mr. Ahmed, who is AICC general secretary in-charge for poll-bound Haryana said, “Now we will try to improve our performance”.
Turning to Uttar Pradesh, the Congress spokesman alleged that “full authority” had been given to people who were responsible for inciting riots in the State.
“Leave aside caste, creed and religion, these communal forces were acting as triggers to incite fight between husband and wife,” he said, in an obvious reference to BJP raking up the issue of “Love Jihad”, the alleged forcible conversion of Hindu girls through marriage.
Mr. Ahmed alleged that the BJP wanted to pit communities against each other under a well-planned conspiracy and had they succeeded, this could have led to race among others to try the method to gain power.
Reeling out figures, the Congress spokesperson said ever since Mr. Modi became Prime Minister, bypolls have been held in 54 Assembly constituencies. Of these BJP had a lead in 42, but it now has come down to 21.
“Not only this, the 33 seats on which elections results were declared today, the BJP has lost on 13 of the 26 seats it had won. They have in half of these seats... It indicates Modi (government’s) honeymoon period with people was getting over.
“Through the results, people have made clear that they do not agree with the policies of this government,” he said.
Mr. Ahmed, at the same time, sounded a word of caution saying the elections have been held this time on only a few seats and hence “it cannot be said that the BJP is finished”.
List of winners (Assembly bypolls)
State

Gileads deal with Indian generic drug companies will help earn goodwill for the industryUpdated: September 16, 2014 21:05 IST
‘Gilead’s deal with Indian generic drug companies will help earn goodwill for the industry’
Ramnath Subbu
REUTERS Sofosbuvir is considered a revolutionary treatment for Hepatitis C as it has a high cure rate. Gilead’s deal with seven Indian pharmaceutical companies allows the generic manufacturers to sell the drug in 91 countries. File photo
TOPICS
generic drugs
Sofosbuvir is considered a revolutionary treatment for Hepatitis C as it has a high cure rate. Gilead’s deal allows the generic manufacturers to sell in 91 countries.
The signing of agreements by U.S. pharmaceutical giant Gilead with seven Indian generic drug manufacturers, licensing them to make its blockbuster drug sofosbuvir for treatment of killer disease Hepatitis C could be a show-case of how innovative and generic companies could work together for access to affordable medicines, Indian Pharmaceutical Alliance (IPA) Secretary-General D. G. Shah said here on Tuesday.
“I welcome this change, and believe that together generic and innovative industry can make wonders and earn goodwill for the much maligned pharmaceutical industry,’’ he added.
Sofosbuvir is considered a revolutionary treatment for Hepatitis C as it has a high cure rate. Gilead’s deal allows the generic manufacturers to sell in 91 countries.
“Gilead’s licensing terms fall far short of ensuring widespread affordable access to these new drugs in middle-income countries, where over 70 per cent of people with Hepatitis C live today,’’ Rohit Malpani, Director of Policy & Analysis, Medicins Sans Frontieres (MSF) Access Campaign, said in a statement.
“We welcome the interest of generic companies to scale up production of new direct-acting antivirals (DAAs) and Gilead’s decision to make the final agreement public; however, a highly restrictive voluntary licence that blocks millions of people with Hepatitis C from affordable prices is not acceptable,’’ Mr. Malpani said.
While the drug regimen is sold at $ 84,000 in the U.S. and $50,000 in France, Indian generic manufacturers have the discretion to determine their selling price. Mr. Shah said Gilead had no restrictions regarding quantum of production “and they have not determined selling price and have offered the technology transfer. Generic manufacturers are aware about the price sensitivity of a market like India and will surely price the drug accordingly.’’

Venus Remedies shares slump 20% after Crisil downgradeE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Regulation threatens open networksSeptember 16, 2014 7:16 pm
Tying up the internet
By FT reporters
Concerns are rising that efforts to protect citizens from foreign surveillance will Balkanise the digital world
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2f2f7274-3a5e-11e4-bd08-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Russia is our most dangerous neighbourRussia is our most dangerous neighbour
By Martin Wolf
The west failed to offer the support needed, focusing rather on who would pay Soviet debt
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/efd7099e-3c41-11e4-a6ce-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Inside Finance: India© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/708418f8-3db8-11e4-b175-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US hints at ground troops for Isis fightUS hints at ground troops role against Isis
By Geoff Dyer in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5899fa3e-3dbb-11e4-b175-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Isis and the new war in IraqIsis and the new war in Iraq Sep 16, 2014 - 5:25 pm
Barack Obama, the US president, promised in a televised address to destroy Isis, the self-proclaimed Islamist state in Iraq. Does that mean another western war in the Middle East is under way?  Gideon Rachman puts the question to Roula Khalaf, FT foreign editor, James Blitz, former security editor, and David Gardner, FT correspondent in Beirut.

Huawei CEO signals shift in powerHuawei CEO signals shift in power
By Charles Clover in Tianjin
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/58228a82-3db4-11e4-b782-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Justice Ginsburg: no urgency yet on same-sex marriageBy Dale Carpenter September 16
Tonight in a public question-and-answer session at the University of Minnesota Law School, Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg said the Court did not need to rush into the question of same-sex marriage because the lower courts had not yet disagreed on the issue.
Asked whether she thought the Court might take the issue up this Term, Justice Ginsburg noted that all three appellate courts to address the issue so far (the Fourth, Seventh, and Tenth) have struck down state laws limiting marriage to opposite-sex couples. She added that we are still awaiting a decision from the Sixth Circuit, which has been considering a same-sex marriage claim since oral argument on August 6. “Sooner or later,” she predicted, the Court will decide the issue. But given that there is no disagreement so far, she concluded, there is “no urgency” for the Court to take it right now. This suggests that–until there’s a circuit split–Justice Ginsburg won’t vote to grant a same-sex marriage petition this Term.
The Court is due to consider seven pending cert petitions on the issue at its conference on September 29.  Given her recent comments that the Court would not “duck” the issue of same-sex marriage , it had seemed likely that she would be among those on the Court supporting review now. She is only one vote, of course: four of the remaining eight Justices could still opt to take one or more of the petitions at the September 29 or a subsequent conference.
Justice Ginsburg had multiple audiences for these comments: the students and faculty assembled before her, of course, but also the Sixth Circuit and her colleagues. If the Sixth Circuit (or another one, like the Fifth) rejects the same-sex marriage claim, as seemed likely at oral argument , there can be no doubt the Court will hear the matter this year. If the Sixth Circuit rules for same-sex marriage or remains silent, on the other hand, the Court might just wait a bit longer.
Dale Carpenter is the Distinguished University Teaching Professor and Earl R. Larson Professor of Civil Rights & Civil Liberties Law at the University of Minnesota Law School. He teaches and writes in the areas of constitutional law; the freedoms of speech, association, and religion; and sexual orientation and the law.

Changes in US regional income distributionRemember me on this computer
Sign in
"Remember me" uses a cookie. View our Cookie Policy .
Search

This Changes Everything  by Naomi Klein‘This Changes Everything’, by Naomi Klein
Review by Pilita Clark
A call for radical action to combat climate change
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e373bd70-3d8e-11e4-b782-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Punters take a gamble on ScotlandPunters take a gamble on Scotland sticking within the union
By Barney Thompson and Roger Blitz
©EPA
The opinion polls may be close but as far as the betting markets are concerned, the result of the Scottish referendum is clear: the No camp is going to win.
One punter with William Hill is so sure that over the summer he put £800,000 on the Scots rejecting independence, thought by the bookmaker to be the largest wager on a political event in modern history. Even at the short odds on offer – his first bet of £400,000 was at 1-4, meaning he would only win £1 for every £4 placed – he stands to win more than £173,000 in total.
More
BoE probes money auction rigging fears
“We initially thought this would be a niche market and if we took a five or six-figure sum [in wagers], fair enough,” said Graham Sharpe, spokesman for William Hill. “Now we have already taken over £2m and this is the biggest political event we’ve ever been involved with – we’ve taken as much as the last UK general election and last US presidential election combined.”
Alex Donohue, spokesman for Ladbrokes , said: “This is on course to be the biggest political betting event in history with an estimated £40m bet across the industry. We took over £100,000 worth of bets this Monday alone.”
On the comparison site Oddschecker, the best price on a No victory is 1-4 while the equivalent for a Yes win is 10-3 (meaning that a £3 stake would earn you £10). Broadly speaking, those odds have held for several weeks.
Even the September 7 YouGov poll showing the Yes camp had edged into the lead – which sent hordes of Westminster politicians scurrying north of the border – had only a temporary impact.
“Up until and including August, the price for No was around 1-9 or 1-10 – much shorter than now,” said Andy Lulham, Oddschecker’s head of marketing. “When that poll came out you saw odds like 7-4 for Yes and as big as 4-9 for No. But we never saw Yes become the favourite – in betting terms, that is still a significant differential.”
More video
Betting markets have a good record at predicting elections. “Betting tends to differ from, or is more polarised than, opinion polls,” said James Midmer of the betting exchange Betfair. “In polls people are asked, who they are voting for, whereas with betting people are making a more calculated financial decision in saying who they think will actually win.”
Several bookmakers reported a clear geographical divide in betting patterns. Ladbrokes have seen a 70-30 per cent split in favour of Yes in Scotland but the reverse in the rest of the UK. Yes bettors tend to place smaller stakes, perhaps reflecting a perception that there is more value in that side; by overall UK volume, therefore, Yes bets are in the majority, but No stakes tend to be much higher.
Aside from William Hill’s high roller, one Ladbrokes customer wagered £200,000 while a Betfair punter recently placed £55,000 – both on a No victory. About 85 per cent of wagers placed on Betfair are for No, even at the unattractive prices on offer.
According to Leighton Vaughan Williams, professor of the betting research unit at Nottingham Business School, political bettors are looking at previous elections in concluding a No result is looking likely. “History tends to suggest that polling overestimates the likelihood of a big change, and that voters tend to back the status quo at the last minute,” he said.
William Hill’s Mr Sharpe was similarly dubious about the tight polls. “If the polls putting Yes in front are to be believed, people should be banging our door down and helping themselves,” he said. But even with the more favourable odds, “we’re not seeing the sort of money that would reflect that”.
As with any bet the usual caveats apply. “Polls and betting markets are in new territory because referendums are rare,” said Mr Midmer.
But for more straws in the wind, Ladbrokes have 6-1 on Alex Salmond quitting as first minister of Scotland within 48 hours of the referendum result, and 4-1 that Mr Cameron is replaced as prime minister this year.
Related Topics
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2014. You may share using our article tools.
Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web.

Economic souffl at risk of implosionSeptember 17, 2014 6:02 am
Economic soufflé at risk of implosion
By Jay Pelosky
Europe is stagnating and global demand remains inadequate
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/21b4f346-3818-11e4-b69d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Showcase city Pyongyang flatters to deceiveNorth Korea resembles ‘The Truman Show’
By David Pilling
One needs to be wary of impressions gleaned from Pyongyang, a showcase city
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e6b896d4-3dae-11e4-b782-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Economic souffl at risk of implosionSeptember 17, 2014 6:02 am
Economic soufflé at risk of implosion
By Jay Pelosky
Europe is stagnating and global demand remains inadequate
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/21b4f346-3818-11e4-b69d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Need to build a strong and broad coalition against ISIL: Barack ObamaThe US President said that in an important second step he ensured protection of American personnel, embassies and consulates. (AP Photo)
Press Trust of India | Washington | Posted: September 17, 2014 1:33 pm | Updated: September 17, 2014 1:37 pm
US President Barack Obama has called for building a strong coalition with broad international participation against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) , the terrorist outfit that has gained control over a large part of Iran and Syria. Obama met General (rtd) John Allen, the Special Presidential Envoy for the Global Coalition to Counter ISIL and Brett McGurk, the Deputy Special Presidential Envoy yesterday, the White House said.
READ: ISIS or ISIL or Islamic State: Where the name makes a statement
During the meeting Obama stressed that the comprehensive approach to degrade and ultimately destroy ISIL requires a wide range of political, diplomatic, military, economic and other efforts. He also expressed his deep appreciation for the work and sacrifices of US servicemen and women as well as diplomats engaged in the struggle to counter ISIL, the White House said.
The President would meet today his top generals in Tampa, Florida, which is headquarters of the US Central Command, where he will discuss the plan for building an international coalition to degrade and destroy ISIL, White House Press Secretary, Josh Earnest said.
Meanwhile, American forces continued with its air strike against the ISIL positions in Iraq. “As we broaden out this campaign to degrade and ultimately destroy ISIL, the President and his team are insistent on working with the support of an international coalition to succeed in this mission,” Earnest said.
“And the President is confident that this mission can be successfully executed without deploying American servicemen and women in a combat role on the ground in Iraq and Syria,” he said.
Obama has been very clear that the US will not have troops on the ground in combat roles, State Department Deputy Spokesperson, Marie Harf, said. “That is an underlying principle of our actions in Iraq. I think there was a long exchange this morning about what the advisors are doing; but again, we’ve been very clear about the combat boots on the ground question,” she said.
She said the US has not been coordinating with the Syrian regime and will not coordinate with the regime. “That means we will not hesitate to take action against ISIL in Syria as well as in Iraq. We are not going to telegraph our plans in advance, and again, as we said on numerous occasions, we won’t ask their permission,” she said
“I would note the rescue operation we undertook to try and rescue the hostages. Of course, we did not ask their permission,” she added. \

Sony warns of much bigger loss  blames struggling smartphone businessSep 17, 2014 at 01:42pm IST
Sony warns of much bigger loss, blames struggling smartphone business
5
0
Tokyo: Sony on Wednesday warned of a much-deeper-than-expected loss and said it would not pay a dividend this business year after it was hit by a 180 billion yen ($1.7 billion) impairment charge for its struggling smartphone division.
The Japanese consumer electronics company is now predicting a 230 billion yen ($2.15 billion) net loss for the year ending March 31, versus its previous forecast for a 50 billion yen loss. It expects an operating loss of 40 billion yen instead of a 140 billion yen profit flagged in July.
The news marks the sixth downward revision under Chief Executive Kazuo Hirai, who took his post in 2012 promising to pull the firm's troubled electronics division into the black by focusing on its mobile, gaming and imaging units.
Sony is now predicting a 230 billion yen ($2.15 billion) net loss for the year ending March 31, versus its previous forecast for a 50 billion yen loss.
#sony #smartphones #xperia
The revision is also an embarrassment for new Chief Financial Officer Kenichiro Yoshida, who assumed his post on April 1 promising the company would be more realistic about its outlook.
Yoshida warned in July Sony could write down losses on its mobile unit for this business year. At the time Sony cut its profit outlook for its smartphone business to zero, but stuck to its full-year forecast.
In July Sony also cut its full-year sales forecast for its smartphones to 43 million from 50 million, which would mark a 10 percent increase on the year.
Sales of Sony's high-end Xperia mobile devices have suffered due to a lack of relationships with carriers in the crucial US market where its smartphones are so far only available on No.4 carrier T-Mobile US, as well as in China, where local makers are dominant.
0

Reviewers hail the Apple iPhone 6 as the  best smartphone ever madeSep 17, 2014 at 01:32pm IST
Reviewers hail the Apple iPhone 6 as the 'best smartphone ever made'
62
0
Bigger is better and Apple has finally realised that and given iPhone users a product that may be low on novelty but high on improvements, reviewers wrote.
Most reviewers say that the iPhone 6 is the best smartphone available or "ever made", while the 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus has been described as a "phablet" that will give competition to Samsung Electronics' Galaxy S line of 'big' Android phones.
"I think it's a terrific phone. In my view, it's the best smartphone on the market, when you combine its hardware, all-new operating system, and the Apple ecosystem whose doors it opens," Walt Mossberg wrote of the 4.7-inch iPhone 6 in the tech blog Re/code.
Apple CEO Tim Cook shows off the new iPhone 6 and the Apple Watch during an Apple special event at the Flint Center for the Performing Arts on September 9, 2014 in Cupertino, California. (Getty Images)
#apple iphone 6 #iphone 6 reviews #iphone 6 plus #smartphones
Geoffrey Fowler, who reviewed the phones for the Wall Street Journal, said Apple has " successfully addressed its size deficiency ."
Mossberg said the increase in the screen size is a "catch-up" feature. But it is seen as a welcome change by Fowler, who said the iPhone "felt stuck in a bygone era called 2012" before the launch of the bigger phones.
New York Times reviewer Molly Wood appreciated the new "thinner, flatter and more rounded shapes" of both the phones. But she pointed out that the sleek look comes at the cost of the phones feeling "slippery".
The improvements made to the operating system - the iOS 8 software, and that to the camera were given a thumbs up by reviewers across the board. However, most believed that Apple could have done more to enhance the battery life of the phones.
Joshua Topolski, who reviewed the phones for Bloomberg, said they were faster than their predecessors.
"Apple will tell you that these are the fastest mobile devices it's ever made, and it wouldn't be lying. These phones scream," Topolski wrote .
The new iPhone 6 goes on sale on September 19 in the United States.
353

BuzzFeed eyes shift to viral videosBuzzFeed eyes shift to viral videos
By Henry Mance, Media Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fd84e636-3a90-11e4-bd08-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Markets end higher ahead of Fed outcome  China stimulusMarkets end higher ahead of Fed outcome, China stimulus
Indrani Mazumdar | Mumbai Sep 17, 2014 03:52 PM IST
Benchmark share indices ended higher on Wednesday, snapping two-day losses, after China announced fresh monetary stimulus and hopes that US Fed, which ends its two-day policy meet later today, may continue with its low interest rate regime for a considerable time.  
 
The 30-share Sensex gained 139 points to end at 26,631 and the 50-share Nifty climbed 43 points to close at 7,975.
 
Among the broader markets, BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices underperformed the large counter parts and ended up 0.3% each.
 
The market breadth ended slightly positive on the BSE with 1,532 shares advancing and 1,485 shares declining.
 
Meanwhile, provisional data released by the stock exchanges after trading hours on Tuesday, showed that foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) sold shares worth a net Rs 828.95 crore on that day.
 
Rupee:
 
The rupee is trading at 60.9 compared to Tuesday's close of 61.0550/0650. Trading is largely range-bound ahead of Fed meeting.
 
Global Markets:
 
Asian shares were tentatively higher on Wednesday after Wall Street rebounded on speculation the Federal Reserve would maintain a pledge on low rates when a two-day policy meeting ends later in the session.
 
The Dow hit a fresh record while the U.S. dollar took a knock after the Wall Street Journal's Fed watcher Jon Hilsenrath said the central bank would keep the words “considerable time” in its policy statement, though it might qualify them.
 
The CSI300 of the leading Shanghai and Shenzhen A-share listings rose 0.5%, regaining a little of Tuesday's sharp decline. Tokyo's Nikkei ended marginally lower while Straits Times index, Shanghai Composite and Hang Seng gained 0.7%, 0.5% and 1% each.
 
China's economic stimulus raised hopes of a boost in demand in the biggest consumer. Further, the People's Bank of China is injected a combined 500 billion yuan ($81.35 billion) of liquidity into the country's top banks in moves to support a slowing economy, 
 
Meanwhile, European stocks are also trading higher, boosted by speculation the Fed will maintain a pledge on low rates in a meeting that will conclude later in the day. Report on China central bank stimulus also adds to positive sentiment
 
Sectors & Stocks:
 
On the sectoral front, BSE It index was the top gainer up over 1% followed by Teck, Power, Capital Goods and Auto indices. However, BSE Consumer Durables index lost over 1%. BSE Healthcare, Metal, FMCG and Oil & Gas indices ended 0.2% higher.
 
Shares of IT majors gained between 1-2.5% on the BSE on the back of fresh orders and hopes that Fed will stick to its pledge of keeping rates low. Sentiments of the market participants further boosted after China injected $81 billion into major banks.
 
Shares of Wipro extended its yesterday’s rally and surged nearly 2% in today's trade after Wipro Arabia, a subsidiary of India's third largest IT firm Wipro, secured a contract from Saudi-based Saudi Electricity Company (SEC) for implementing and rolling out plant maintenance and project system functionality of SAP ERP application.
 
Infosys climbed nearly 2.5% after the company enabled Muji, a leading retailer in Japan to deliver a superior shopping experience through real-time insights into buying behavior of its customers.
 
Shares of Hero Motocorp gained over 1.5% after the company announced it would set up an ultra-modern manufacturing facility with a capacity to produce 1.8 million units annually in Andhra Pradesh. M&M, Maruti Suzuki and Bajaj Auto climbed between 0.5-1%.
 
Shares of Tata group witnessed an upsurge and gained between 1-2.5% on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).
 
Tata Power rebounded in today’s trade and gained over 2% on value buying after showing a sharp declination in the recent past on a massive power failure in Mumbai on September 2 due to technical snags at Tata Power’s 500-Mw Trombay plant. 
 
Tata Steel which plunged nearly 2% on weak Chinese economic data gained nearly 2% in today's trade.
 
Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) appreciated over 1% on upbeat US economic data that indicated growth in the world's largest economy is gaining momentum.
 
Index heavyweight Tata Motors ended 1.6% higher.
 
Dr Reddy’s Lab, NTPC, RIL and BHEL were some of the notable names in green up between 0.5-3%.
 
On the flip side, select metal shares witnessed selling. Sesa Sterlite and Coal India lost between 0.2-1.5% shrugging off the news that China's economic stimulus has raised hopes of a boost in demand in the world's biggest consumer of metals.
 
In the healthcare space, Cipla and Sun Pharma which surged in the recent past lost between 0.5-2% on profit taking.
 
ONGC, HUL and HDFC Bank were some of the prominent names in red and ended down between 0.4-1%.
 
Among other shares, Hatsun Agro Products gained 3.5% to Rs 302 after the company said its board will meet on September 23, to consider issue of shares on a preferential basis. 
 
Shares of Zee Entertainment Enterprises Ltd (ZEEL) ended up 2% at Rs 290 after Kotak Institutional Equities upgraded the stock to "add" from "reduce" earlier.
 
Ramky Infrastructure zoomed 7% to Rs 58 after a media report suggested that the Ajay Piramal group has emerged as the front runner to purchase its three highway projects.
 

SEBI extends timeline for appointing women directors by 6 monthsSEBI extends timeline for appointing women directors by 6 months
ANI | New Delhi Sep 17, 2014 03:30 PM IST
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) has decided to extend the timeline for companies to have at least woman on their board of directors by six months. The deadline has been extended from October 1 this year to April 1, 2015.
"For women directors on the boards, we have extended the timeline from October 1 this year to April 1, 2015. We have done it because the Ministry of Corporate Affairs guidelines towards this end have also been extended. We felt in this matter, it is better to synchronise our timeline with the ministry's," SEBI chairman UK Sinha said.
Sinha, however, clarified that this did not affect the induction of independent directors.
"We have not extended the timelines for the induction of independent directors. SEBI's stance on the number of companies of which a person can be an independent director has also not changed. That number remains at seven," he said.
Sinha further said that work on the implementation of International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) was on track.
"According to the budget that was announced in July, a time frame for the implementation for the IFRS has set aside. I feel that the governments and the market regulators are working together in that direction. I feel that these guidelines should be out within the time frame given, he said."
Sinha also talked of a new rule that has been put into operation by the SEBI to deal with public funding.
"If a person takes more that Rs 100 crore from the public funds and does not fall under the seven exceptions that the SEBI uses, then that person would come under the boundaries of SEBI. There will be a legal presumption that it is a collective investment," he added.

Moodys: rating bank debt© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/ac9bc6f8-3da2-11e4-b782-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Pink diamond supply dwindlesSeptember 5, 2014 2:05 pm
Pink diamond supply dwindles
By Claire Adler
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6f50c058-037f-11e4-817f-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Second life for family diamondsSeptember 5, 2014 2:04 pm
Second life for family diamonds
By Simoney Kyriakou
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/072610d2-05cd-11e4-8b94-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Why TV time slots still matter for new showsDidn't end up there by accident.(AP Photo/CBS, David Giesbrecht)
SHARE
Jason Lynch @jasonlynch
September 17, 2014
The fall season—TV’s annual version of Thunderdome—is almost upon us. During the next month, the US broadcast networks will debut 20 new series they hope will connect with audiences (with three additional new shows premiering slightly later in the fall). New programs like Gotham, black-ish and The Flash will be competing for viewers alongside 49 returning series—and again, this isn’t even counting offerings on any of the cable networks, Netflix, Amazon or Hulu.
Twenty shows will enter; just half of them will be lucky to make it to a second season. With more outlets than ever before producing original content, it’s grown even tougher for broadcast networks to persuade audiences to sample their new shows. (Rolling them out in such a compressed timeframe certainly doesn’t help matters, but some TV traditions are particularly resistant to change.) Some networks are addressing this dilemma by debuting their premiere episodes online early , but CBS is taking a different approach this fall: its new shows are almost carbon copies of a beloved long-running series in time slots immediately before them (known as a show’s lead-in) or after them (its lead-out), in an effort to capture as much of the returning show’s audience as possible.
In doing so, the network is bucking conventional wisdom that lead-ins and time slots no longer matter as that less viewers are leaving their televisions simply turned to one network all evening as they once did. On Sundays, CBS is airing Tea Leoni’s Secretary of State drama Madam Secretary right before The Good Wife, for a double dose of dramas centered on strong women of a certain age, aimed at a highbrow audience that usually doesn’t watch the network’s other procedurals. Over on Wednesday nights, Criminal Minds—whose women-in-peril procedural story lines have attracted an audience that has kept it on the air for 10 seasons—leads in to Stalker, which delves into similar themes. And Tuesdays, the world’s most-watched drama, NCIS, is being followed by new spinoff NCIS: New Orleans , which is—surprise!—NCIS, but set in the Big Easy.
Given her network’s approach, it’s little wonder that CBS Entertainment Chairman Nina Tassler maintains that time slots and lead-ins are in fact essential in encouraging audiences to watch new series, as was the case last season on NBC when The Voice ’s sizable lead-in audience helped turn The Blacklist into an out-of-the-gate hit.
“It may not be where people end up consistently watching a show, but when you’re in this ‘discovery’ phase—when audiences are trying and sampling—that’s when I think lead-in matters more than anything,” Tassler told Quartz. “Right now, we’re able to have that, because you’re going to embed your promos in shows that boast and help launch that new show. So having Stalker promos in Criminal Minds, it doesn’t get better than that.”
She has a point. While time-shifted viewing via DVRs, on demand or streaming can sometimes  double a show’s initial “Live” ratings  within in a month of its premiere, it’s also true that roughly half of US households still don’t have DVRs. So there is still a healthy segment of the population that watches live programming the old-fashioned way, and can still be swayed by the shows airing before and after their favorite one.
That said, Tassler admits that her strategy was somewhat of a happy accident, as she was developing these new shows last fall, before she knew for sure which of last season’s series would be canceled. “You don’t really know during the buying season where your holes are going to be. You have an idea, but you don’t know definitively,” she said. “When [The Following creator] Kevin Williamson came in to pitch Stalker, he’s obsessed with Criminal Minds, and he’s the one who said to us, ‘It’s a perfect companion piece.’ And sure enough, it worked out.”
As last season progressed, Tassler took note of what she called “off-brand” failures like Hostages. “We took that very much to heart and this year in particular, were strategic in our development,” sticking closer to shows that would appeal to the network’s core audience, said Tassler, adding that she and her team decided to pair up the like-minded series last spring as they figured out their fall schedule. “You get into the room with a bunch of options, and it is moving pieces around on the chessboard.”
In the coming weeks, we’ll all find out if her new strategy is bold enough to win this season’s tournament.
Share this:

Bypolls defeat: BJP should consider bringing Varun back  says Maneka Gandhi14
0
New Delhi: A day after the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) lost seats in bypoll elections in Uttar Pradesh, Gujarat and Rajasthan - states where it swept the Lok Sabha elections - Union Minister Maneka Gandhi has said that the party should consider bringing back her son and Sultanpur MP Varun Gandhi back to Uttar Pradesh to boost the party's position there.
Out of the 11 Assembly seats in Uttar Pradesh which went to the polls, the BJP won three while the Samajwadi Party swept the rest.
Varun Gandhi was sidelined by the party's top brass last month, after he was dropped from BJP president Amit Shah's core team.
Out of the 11 Assembly seats in Uttar Pradesh which went to the polls, the BJP won three while the Samajwadi Party swept the rest.

Gas price likely to be hiked by 50%Hi Guest
Gas price likely to be hiked by 50%
A four-member committee of secretaries has submitted its report on a new gas pricing mechanism, prescribing a rate much lower than the doubling of price approved by previous UPA government. "The report was submitted yesterday," a top official said. The government had last month constituted a committee comprising of secretaries of power, fertilizer and expenditure with additional secretary in the oil ministry as its member secretary, to make amends to a formula notified in January that ...

PM demands end to Air France strikePrime minister demands end to pilot strikes at Air France
By Michael Stothard in Paris
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/555fa64e-3e46-11e4-b7fc-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Fact and friction in Catalonias debateFact and friction in Catalonia’s quest for independence
By Roula Khalaf
Lines have been drawn, imaginary or not, in a sham debate in which neither side hears the other
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/baed531e-3dae-11e4-b782-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Army  BRO restore road link between Rajouri and BuhalPrint
Written by Arun Sharma | Jammu | Posted: September 17, 2014 5:58 pm
Army engineers and Border Roads Organization on Wednesday have restored the road link between Rajouri and Budhal after building a 180-ft bailey bridge, the longest ever in Jammu and Kashmir.
Pointing out that the double storey bridge has been constructed over the Ans river at Kotranka, an Udhampur based defence ministry spokesman Colonel S D Goswami said that the army engineers and BRO personnel worked round the clock to complete its construction within the shortest possible time so that the relief and rehabilitation material could reach people in remotest part of the state.
Another bailey bridge is also being constructed by them over river Ans at Kotranka so as to restore critical road link between Rajouri and Reasi districts. The road link between them had got broken following the washing away of one of the abutments of a concrete bridge during flash floods separating nearly 1.40 lakh people living on both sides of the river from each other.
During the last few days, nearly 10,000 personnel of Army engineers and the Border Roads Organization, equipped with an over 400 dozers, excavators and JCBs, besides 300 tippers and dumpers, have restored road links at over 1,000 places which had been damaged by landslides and flash floods. This has been apart from various bridges constructed by them across the state, Colonel Goswami pointed out.

New blast furnace begins operation at SAILs Burnpur plantHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Basic oxygen furnace begins operation at SAIL’s Burnpur plant
Our Bureau
Tweet
Kolkata, Sept 17:  
SAIL on Wednesday said the start up of the first basic oxygen furnace (BOF) at its Burnpur plant in West Bengal has begun this week.
The commencement of BOF paves the way for starting up production from the new blast furnace, next month.
Coming of the blast furnace into operation would also mark the commencement of the integrated production of the 2.5 mtpa and Rs 17,000 crore Burnpur project.
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

Past one-year returns will not be matched going forward: Anoop BhaskarDon't expect past 1-year returns to be matched: Anoop Bhaskar
Samie Modak | Mumbai Sep 17, 2014 10:49 PM IST
The sharp rally seen in the past year has surprised Anoop Bhaskar, head-equity, UTI Mutual Fund, who expects the market will take a breather at some point. In an interview with Samie Modak, he says investors should come to equities expecting steady, not surging, returns. Edited excerpts:
About a year before, you were not bearish but not too bullish either. Has the rally surprised you?
Our investment thought process was a bit sedate. There is always a pre-election rally but it peters between one and three months. We believed the market would not go up beyond a certain level. The (poll) mandate this time was the strongest in almost 30 years. Also, it was one of the few elections which coincided with an uptick in the economy. So, it turned out to be a black swan event (a term for something unprecedented and unexpected). It was very difficult to predict last year that there will be such a big rally. Most global strategists were saying developed markets will outperform and the emerging market story is over. The Brics (bloc of nations) had become the ‘fragile five’.
Will equity market returns be as robust as in the past year?
We believe investors should relocate their investments to equities. But they shouldn’t have unrealistic expectations. Last year’s returns will not be matched, going forward. So, don’t come hoping for last year’s returns but you will get steady returns for the next two or three years if the economic recovery pans out as we are all hoping. The returns will be in the mid-teens rather than the high double digits that we have seen.
What are valuations looking like?
It has been like a Brazilian carnival for small-cap and mid-cap stocks. A Brazilian carnival, however, lasts only for 40 days; the small-cap and mid-cap rally had been on since January. That has to lose steam at some point. It can’t continue at this level. The valuations don’t offer much upside for another re-rating. Earnings haven’t really come back yet. Small-caps are the most overvalued, followed by mid-caps and then large-caps. All the cyclicals are at valuations that FMCG stocks were in 2010-11. However, no one is shouting from the rooftop as they were in 2010. The hope is that the earnings growth in these sectors will be so sharp that no analysts will be able to project this.
Lately, we have seen a lot of sector rotation.
In the first part of the rally, it was the public sector banks and the so-called cyclical stocks, where valuations were compressed, which did well. In the past three months, the worry that the market has reached fairly robust levels has seen the high-beta stocks take a back seat and better-quality companies have done well. So, sectors like pharmaceuticals and technology services, where the quality quotient is better than cyclical, have done better post-elections.
So, how do you position yourself?
In times like this, you stick to high-quality companies rather than get extra courageous and buy high-beta. Look at companies where there is sufficient room to improve the operating leverage but are not financially stressed. This means you are sacrificing a bit of return but also ensuring that the volatility of returns would be lower.
Are you not in the bullish camp?
We are not in the camp which believes the government will have a lot of ‘big-bang’ reforms. We also don’t believe there will be a sharp economic recovery. Our view is that there will be steady recovery. Those with very high expectations could get disappointed. We think the story is about buying companies rather than buying ownership. It shouldn’t matter if the company is government-owned or private.
Is there more upside in the rally?
Every bull run gives you 100 per cent returns and it lasts for two years. From that point of view, we are just halfway through. Almost 80 per cent of the growth in the bull markets, in the past, has come from earnings expansion and not actual growth. The fourth quarter of this financial year is going to be a very crucial phase of this bull run. You will have the Budget in February, when the government will not have any excuse that they didn’t have time. Investors will also want at least some sign of earnings growth for the March 2015 quarter. If both of these disappoint, then you have to worry that the market will take a period of two or three quarters of adjustment. That’s also the time when the US Fed (their central bank) will increase rates. Till the fourth quarter of this financial year, the market might not correct significantly.
Do you expect a correction if the Budget disappoints?
The macro factors for India will be positive. Our fiscal deficit will keep coming down, there is increase in spending on infrastructure. At some point, the Reserve Bank will start cutting interest rates. So, that gives you hope that even if things don’t work as well as you think or we have a disastrous second budget, the market will not collapse as in the past, since other levers are in place.
Also, we still haven’t reached a stage were earnings expectations are difficult to manage. So, if the Nifty touches 9,000 before March, you should be worried, as at that level you will have to justify those by saying earnings growth will be 25 per cent (annually) for the next two years.
MFs are seeing good investor flows. Has the tide turned?
The numbers are exaggerated. In our view, about 40 per cent of net inflows into equities in recent months are flows into arbitrage funds. If you factor that out, the flows become much more modest. Financial assets, due to inflation, have underperformed physical assets in the past five years. So, gold or real estate have been the preferred routes for investing. Only in the past two years have equity returns outpaced physical assets. As inflation comes down and as financial assets start to perform once again, investors will come back. Equity, as an asset class, is at least a point of discussion for investors. It wasn’t even a point of discussion two years earlier.
Most of our funds are based on being more consistent. We have had steady inflows. We have lost market share but our philosophy remains the same. Most of the funds are based on being more consistent.

Fed watch: 6 things to focus on© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ee5191ba-3e63-11e4-b7fc-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

iColytes vs Droids fight for supremacyiColytes vs ’Droids in the battle of the smartphone
By Lisa Pollack
Owning a non-Apple smartphone, running Android, is like being part of the Rebel Alliance
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/875924fa-3a76-11e4-8ee4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Iowa scrum awaits 2016 contendersBy Jennifer Rubin September 17 Follow @JRubinBlogger
Henry Olsen of the Ethics and Public Policy Center writes: “Mike Huckabee dropped his biggest hint to date yesterday that he might run for president in 2016. Should he run, his national name ID and his strong 2008 run probably doom any chance Rick Santorum has (Santorum’s 2012 vote largely overlapped with Huckabee’s 2008 backers). But it also throws a huge monkey wrench into any hopes Senator Ted Cruz has of winning the nomination.” Olsen suggests that in a face-off between “an overtly religious man with less credibility on spending reduction or a conservative anti-spender who is also an Evangelical” the latter has the advantage.
Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) delivers a speech to 2014 Red State Gathering attendees in Fort Worth.  (Associated Press/Tony Gutierrez)
There are a few points worth considering. Especially at this stage with uncertainty as to who will run, we should be wary of drawing hard and fast conclusions. Needless to say, the field looked very different a year or even a few months ago.
First, Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) doesn’t much figure in the discussion of the pitch to religious conservatives. His foreign policy travails may have disqualified him from consideration among Christian conservatives, and he is suffering the effects of his flop-flop extravaganza. In any case, if candidates like Cruz and Huckabee, who are so obviously devoted to both social and foreign policy issues these voters hold dear, decide to run it is hard to imagine this segment swinging Paul’s way. This is one reason Paul keeps trying to attract mainstream Republicans and talking about expanding the GOP — he’ll need those voters to make up for traditional Republicans he loses. If he succeeds he will do very well; if not he’ll arguably be in worse shape than his father. But in any event his success does not depend on winning Christian conservatives.
Second, we shouldn’t forget about other candidates who have strong appeal both with religious conservatives and other segments of the electorate. Even if, say, Texas Gov. Rick Perry doesn’t win as many votes among Christian conservatives as Huckabee, he would likely win some — as well as other voters who like his Texas record. Likewise, Indiana Gov. Mike Pence is what they used to call a full-spectrum conservative — beloved by social conservatives but also possessing foreign policy and economic credentials. The same is true of Rep. Paul Ryan (Wis.), who would also benefit from being the closest the field to a hometown candidate. In short, it is unlikely to be a binary choice for religious conservatives between Huckabee and Cruz; there are a number of candidates who will draw voters from this pool.
Third, as we learned once again in 2012, there is more than one “ticket” out of Iowa. A good showing by those not “expected” (by the chattering class) to do well can propel a candidate on to New Hampshire, but also to South Carolina where religious conservatives have a strong voice. We saw in 2012 just how long a losing candidate can hang in there thanks to third-party money. Now, it is also true that if a candidate like Cruz does very poorly in Iowa there may be a sense that “If he can’t win there, where will he break through?”
Fourth, I certainly agree with Olsen that ideology and religiosity figure heavily in the decision of religious voters. But they also consider the same factors all voters do. Does the candidate’s record line up with his rhetoric? Is he personally impressive and presidential? Is he relatable and great at retail politics? The last is critical in a state where voters complain if they have only met the candidate personally 3 or 4 times. In short, execution and performance in debates, rallies, and retail vote-getting matter. If you are great in a ballroom of 5,000 but stiff and cold one-on-one you’ll find it tough sledding.
Finally, we should keep in mind that Iowa isn’t the best predictor of the eventual nominee. Otherwise candidates like Steve Forbes or Huckabee would have been nominated. It is a truism that Iowa eliminates, but rarely picks candidates.
The bottom line in all of this is that it matters who else runs and candidates need to have a credible path to win in early states. That involves their knowing who they are and who their natural base of support may be. Huckabee has the benefit of a well-established persona and core constituency; the challenge for him is to go beyond it. Other candidates still haven’t figured out how to define themselves; the risk for them is that they try to please disparate groups and wind up looking like phonies. And still others will show themselves unready for prime time. That’s one reason for trying to hang on to their existing jobs.
Jennifer Rubin writes the Right Turn blog for The Post, offering reported opinion from a conservative perspective.

Telangana to finalise roadmap for loan waiver executionTelangana to finalise roadmap for loan waiver execution
K V Kurmanath
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sept. 17:  
The Telangana Government is likely to finalise the modalities for the implementation of the loan waiver scheme in the next two, three days. The Ministers’ Sub-Committee has met here to discuss the issue with bankers.
“We are going to meet again today and tomorrow to finalise the roadmap for the implementation of the scheme. We have got the list of the beneficiaries and the total liability,” Pocharam Srinivasa Reddy, Minister for Agriculture said.
Addressing a press conference after the meeting with the bankers, he said the rescheduling of loans was not going to help much to the State. “They have agreed to reschedule the loans in about 100 mandals in three districts. But they have laid so many conditions,” he said.
Of the total liability of Rs 17,000 crore, the three districts had a share of about Rs 4,500 crore. “But it looks like we will get a relief of only about Rs 1,000 crore,” the Minister said.
Bonds issue
The Chief Minister, K Chandrasekhara Rao, said on Tuesday that the Government was considering a couple of things to address the issue, including issuing bonds to farmers. He discussed the issue with the bankers.
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

Sun Pharma  Merck & Co enter agreement for TildrakizumabSun Pharma, Merck & Co enter agreement for Tildrakizumab
BS Reporter | Mumbai Sep 17, 2014 06:42 PM IST
The US-based Merck & Co., Inc. and Sun Pharmaceuticals have entered into an exclusive worldwide licensing agreement for Merck's dermatology molecule - tildrakizumab (MK-3222), which is currently under phase 3 registration trials. Tildrakizumab is developed for the treatment of chronic plaque psoriasis, a skin ailment.
Under terms of the agreement, Sun Pharma will acquire worldwide rights to tildrakizumab for use in all human indications from Merck in exchange for an upfront payment of $80 million. Merck will continue all clinical development and regulatory activities, which will be funded by Sun Pharma.
Upon product approval, Sun Pharma will be responsible for regulatory activities, including subsequent submissions, pharmacovigilance, post approval studies, manufacturing and commercialization of the approved product while Merck will receive undisclosed payments as well as tiered royalties, stated a Sun Pharma release.
"Consistent with our previously announced global initiative to sharpen our commercial and R&D focus, including prioritizing our late stage pipeline candidates, we are pleased to enter into this agreement with Sun Pharma to help realize the potential of tildrakizumab for patients with chronic plaque psoriasis," said Iain D. Dukes, senior vice president, Business Development and Licensing, Merck Research Laboratories.
Other potential indications of tildrakizumab, which may be evaluated in future, include psoriatic arthritis and Crohn's Disease.
On Wednesday, shares of Sun Pharma were closed at Rs 792.3, up by 0.70% on BSE.

Haryana Assembly elections: Does CM Hooda want Congress or a  khichdi  government6
2
New Delhi: A political analyst who is familiar with the Haryana politics recently said - it is more the merrier for Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda. If there are more political parties in the fray, it will finally help the Congress by dividing the opposition votes.
The same seems to be happening in Haryana, this time. Hooda, who has been in power for the past 10 years, knows that he is facing a very tough election. The ground situation is not at all in favour of the Congress. The BJP's spectacular victory in the Lok Sabha elections has badly affected the morale of the Congress. The Congress could win just one Lok Sabha seat from the entire state - Hooda's son Deepender Hooda's seat Rohtak.
The jailed Chautala's Indian National Lok Dal (INLD) is also showing signs of recovery. Chautala's grandson Dushyant Chautala won Hisar Lok Sabha seat in a very tough election. The INLD is hoping to emerge as the single largest party and if it does not happen, then at least the second largest party.
A political analyst who is familiar with the Haryana politics recently said - it is more the merrier for Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda. If there are more political parties in the fray, it will finally help the Congress by dividing the opposition votes.
#haryana assembly elections 2014 #bhupinder singh hooda #congress #indian national lok dal
The buoyant BJP is hoping to come to power on its own with 45 plus seats. It has already started its Mission 45 campaign across the state which has 90 Assembly constituencies. Hooda knows that the Congress can still do well only if the opposition votes are split among several players in the fray.
According to local analysts and political leaders, he is actively encouraging Kuldip Bishnoi's Haryana Janhit Congress (HJC), Gopal Kanda's Haryana Lokhit Party (HLP) and Venod Sharma's Jan Chetna Party (JCP) along with BJP and INLD rebels. Kanda, the main accused in airhostess Gitika Sharma's suicide case, came out of jail on bail recently. Venod Sharma is more famously known for the 'Jessica Lal' murder case, in which his son Manu Sharma is serving life sentence at Tihar jail in Delhi.
Kuldip Bishnoi is very angry with the BJP after it ditched him. He is hoping for a badly fractured mandate, where he can play the role of a kingmaker. If the BJP or the Congress falls short of a majority and if Bishnoi's party wins more than 10 seats, he can demand his pound of flesh.
Nobody is expecting Gopal Kanda and Venod Sharma to win a significant number of seats or emerge as kingmakers. But, in a small state like Haryana, they can easily dent the prospects of the BJP and the INLD by getting a few thousand opposition votes in some crucial assembly seats.
The fragmentation of the opposition votes will help the ruling Congress. Reacting to these allegations, Hooda said, "I am not desperate to encourage these fringe parties. We don't do this. We will fight on our own strength."
Bishnoi, Kanda and Sharma - all three are also dismissing such allegations. They claim that they are fighting against the massive corruption of Hooda led Congress government in the state and there is no question of backing him directly or indirectly.
However, both the BJP and the INLD argue that Hooda is behind these sub-regional or fringe political parties contesting in Haryana assembly elections. A local BJP leader said, "It is a do or die battle for Hooda. If the BJP or the INLD comes to power, he will be in a big trouble. What has happened to the Chautalas might happen to him. He is making all possible efforts to prevent the victory of the BJP or the INLD. If he can't win, he wants to ensure that there will be a 'khichdi' government."
6

Needed: Adult leaders for wartimeBy Jennifer Rubin September 17 Follow @JRubinBlogger
The House will vote today to authorize training for the Free Syrian Army, the non-jihadi rebels who have been fighting both Bashar al-Assad and the Islamic State. Despite the administration’s half-hearted plan and lack of leadership, House Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio) is setting an example by pushing support through the House, ensuring some oversight and sounding the warning that the president must do more : “Using an alternative name for the militant group, he added: ‘If our goal here is to destroy ISIL, we have got to do more than train a few folks in Syria and train a few folks in Iraq and drop some bombs. I just don’t know if that’s enough.’”
President Barack Obama meets with Congressional leaders in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington, Tuesday, Sept. 9, 2014, to discuss options for combating the Islamic State.  (AP Photo/Evan Vucci)
He faces a fuss from some conservatives who wanted the Export-Import bank and Syrian funding in a separate bill. (It’s hard to imagine these people are so small-minded as to hold funding for a war against barbarians to a minor domestic issue, but there you have it.) Boehner moreover is seeking something useful: a process for holding the president accountable for conduct of the war:
House leaders want to leave an imprint on the bill. The amendment, as redrafted by the House Armed Services Committee, will require the Obama administration, 15 days before the program begins, to report to Congress how the training and equipping of Syrian rebels fits with a broader strategy to defeat the Islamic State, how the military plans to vet participants and how officers plan to stop the kinds of attacks by pupils on American forces that have plagued training efforts in Afghanistan.
The bill also mandates that every 90 days, the administration will update Congress on the program’s performance, how many trainees might have gone over to the militants and how trainees are using American military equipment. An Armed Services Committee official said the reporting language was similar to oversight requirements imposed on military training efforts in Iraq and Afghanistan.
The bill will then go to the Senate where, you guessed it, right-wingers are miffed it is not in a separate bill. (Surely none of these people so consumed with process and wrangling over an issue insignificant compared to the war against barbaric terrorists is fit to be commander in chief.) And alas, some insist we shouldn’t be funding the FSA at all. Fortunately Sen. Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) is showing the same maturity and good sense as Boehner and is lining up support for the bill in the Senate. Likewise House Foreign Affairs Committee chairman Ed Royce (R-Calif.) argued in favor of the bill: “We need a partner on the ground in Syria.  We have one – but not one that is adequately trained and supplied to take on a formidable ISIL and the Hezbollah-backed regime in Damascus.  We need to act.  And we need to act urgently.”
The continued opposition to providing assistance to the FSA is rather remarkable. The Wall Street Editorial board explains :
Mr. Obama first promised to train and arm the FSA a year ago, but that effort was microscopic and half-hearted. That helps explain why neighboring Arab states like Jordan abandoned the effort or began aiding jihadist groups instead. They will help now only if they believe Mr. Obama is serious.
Some conservatives are criticizing any intervention in Syria, but House Speaker  John Boehner  is right to support Mr. Obama’s funding requests, no matter GOP doubts about Mr. Obama’s strategy and resolve. The Republicans who opposed Mr. Obama’s short-living plan to intervene in Syria a year ago have been discredited by events. That walk-back gave Islamic State time to expand and take more territory. The political lesson is that the GOP should not be the midwife for Mr. Obama’s weakness, much less as a pretext for his inaction. In foreign policy the best politics is to support the right policy.
The U.S. is taking sides in Iraq and Syria against two entrenched enemies of American interests. Our key allies are the Kurds, the parts of the Iraqi military that aren’t dominated by Iran’s militia, and the moderate Sunnis in Syria and Iraq. They must win on the ground to defeat ISIS. Early action in Syria might have spared us this predicament, but that’s all the more reason to act decisively now.
The excuses for opposing aid to the FSA, which numbers about 40,000 , don’t hold up to scrutiny. Opponents might want to talk to former ambassador Robert Ford, who quit after serving as Obama’s envoy to Syria because of the White House’s failure to take meaningful action. The Foreign Policy Initiative analysts remind us:
As Ambassador Ford told PBS Newshour in June 2014, had the United States provided anti-tank or anti-aircraft weapons to the mainstream opposition earlier, “the al Qaeda groups that have been winning adherents would have been unable to compete with the moderates, who, frankly, we have much in common with. But the moderates have been fighting constantly with arms tied behind their backs, because they don’t have the same resources that either Assad does or the al-Qaeda groups in Syria do.” If the moderate opposition is unable to emerge as a viable alternative to both ISIS and Assad, then U.S. military action against ISIS may create a vacuum in which Jabhat al-Nusra, the al-Qaeda affiliate in Syria, is allowed to flourish.
Congress has a slim chance to correct their grievous error a year ago and to make up for three years of geopolitical sloth. Unfortunately, the president seems too stubborn to commit the necessary U.S. forces. No responsible military commander, including former Defense secretary Robert Gates , thinks we can avoid boots on the ground. Many on the far right are too intent on telling voters what they want and too ambitious to support any move that might be seen as supportive of the president or might later be criticized. This is political cowardice of the worst sort. Let’s hope other lawmakers follow Boehner and McConnell’s lead. Let’s hope the president understands his highest obligation is to protect America not to stick to his unrealistic war strategy.  If not the failure will be not just Obama’s and not just Congress’s, but America’s.
 
Jennifer Rubin writes the Right Turn blog for The Post, offering reported opinion from a conservative perspective.

Traffic snarled near White House after temporary street closure for suspicious packageBy Victoria St. Martin September 17 Follow @VStMartin
Traffic was jammed Wednesday morning near the White House an hour and a half after police closed streets in the area for a suspicious package.
D.C. police cleared the package, which authorities said was a keg, minutes after closing streets in the 700 block of 15th Street NW around 8 a.m. Traffic, however, remained snarled in the area as of 9:26 a.m.
For more transportation-related news, check out Dr. Gridlock .
Victoria St. Martin covers breaking news and Prince William County for The Post's Local desk.

Lava Iris Pro 30+ review: Same bottle and wine with a bit of+2000 mAh
2000 mAh
While few changes like 16 GB internal memory, 13 MP rear camera and dual SIM card slots supporting regular SIM card in one are welcome, what’s frustrating to see is that Lava did not care to provide the latest Android 4.4 KitKat OS despite launching the so-called upgraded Iris Pro 30+ version after six months. I used the Lava Iris Pro 30+ for over three weeks and here’s my take.
Design: The upgraded model looks exactly same as the previously launched Lava Iris Pro 30. However, if you are viewing for the first time, the device will surely impress you.
The unique iPhone-like design should draw appreciation from the mid-range smartphone market. The device is very light and slim.
The matte finish soft plastic back gives a premium feel. The back can be opened to access two SIM card slots (regular + micro) and a microSD card slot, however, the battery cannot be removed.
The 4.7-inch screen makes one-handed operation easy and it easily fits inside trouser pockets. In general, users shouldn’t have any complains with the design.
Display: The upgraded model is using the same display and produces decent results. Indoor visibility is of course good and at 312 ppi, the devices offers an average viewing experience outdoors. However, on bright sunlight, visibility is not good when the screen is kept at medium brightness. The viewing angles and colours are good. The display resolution is pretty sharp thanks to the One Glass Solution.
Performance: The 1.5 GHz quad-core processor does a good job. The device scored 19887 on AnTuTu and ranks close to Google Nexus 4. I did not experience any sort of lags during regular usage. Multimedia performance on the device was good too. I played a HD movie from my pen drive (USB OTG) and scrolled through the time line while running several back ground tasks without any lags. There was no heating issues on regular usage. Overall, smartphone offers a smooth experience and buyers in this price segment shouldn’t face any issues with performance.
Software and UI: The device offers a pure stock Android experience which is good for most smartphone users in this range. Lava has not added any sort of bloatware.
Image at 4X zoom.
Camera: Decent. The camera actually offers up to 18 MP resolutions. The camera produces good images in low lighting conditions as well. However, when images are shot with full zoom, the results are disappointing.
The camera features several modes like HDR, Live Photo (image with sound), multi-angle shot and panaroma.
The camera is a bit slow when it is focusing on a subject. Overall, the performance of the camera is decent.
Storage: The device comes with 16 GB of internal storage out of which around 8 GB is available. The storage can be further expanded up to 32 GB via microSD card. This is one area Lava has improved. The previous Iris Pro 30 model offered only 1.5 GB of free internal storage.
Connectivity: No issues with connectivity. The phone supports 3G connectivity along with EDGE, GPRS, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, USB OTG Connectivity.
Battery: Surprisingly good. If someone is using a 2G network for regular usage, the device will last for almost 48 hours on medium display brightness. On 3G network, with a full charge, the phone will easily last a full day or even more.
Verdict: Lava Iris Pro 30+ is a good smartphone overall. However, Lava will surely lose mileage for using an older Android 4.2.2 Jelly Bean OS. As a lot of competitors are offering a better spec sheet in the price range of Rs. 11,000 to Rs. 13,000, Lava will find it difficult to justify Android 4.2.2 Jelly Bean, a 4.7-inch screen and a quad-core processor at a price of Rs. 11,399. However, if you like the phone and not too keen on the spec sheet, go ahead and buy it.

Narendra Modi likely to attend technology fair in Germany in April2015Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 17, 2014 7:21 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is expected to attend the world-renowned engineering and technology fair at Hannover in Germany in April next year, an official statement on Wednesday said.
India has conveyed its consent to be the ‘Partner Country’ at the five-day engineering fair in Germany to be held from April 12, 2015. “By accepting the invitation of German Chancellor Angela Merkel for India to be the Partner Country at Hannover Messe 2015, the government has sent strong signals to the industry about strengthening global trade and inviting investment into India.
“Prime Minister Narendra Modi is expected to be present at the world renowned engineering and technology fair,” the Commerce and Industry Ministry statement said.
The Department of Commerce has mandated Engineering Export Promotion Council India and India Brand Equity Foundation (IBEF) along with Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) as the lead agencies for Indian participation in the fair. About 300 Indian companies including public sector giants would be participating in the fair, seeking technology collaborations, business tie-ups and showcasing India’s capabilities in global trade.
The Government is seeing the participation in the fair as an opportunity to increase its global presence in commodities and services, apart from utilizing the event for attracting investments into India as part of the ‘Make in India’ campaign of the Prime Minister.
The Department of Commerce is in touch with key departments and leaders of Indian businesses, seeking their participation in the fair.
With USD 21 billion bilateral trade, Germany is India’s sixth largest trading partner. The areas and sectors of cooperation include mechanical engineering, automobiles, chemicals, services, nuclear reactors and construction.
Textile, chemical, leather goods, iron, steel, electronics, electrical components, pharmaceutical and auto components are major items of exports to Germany.
India’s main imports from Germany include electrical generation equipment, auto products, bearings, gear equipment, measurement and control equipment, chemicals, synthetic material, machine tools, aircrafts and iron and steel sheets.

L&T says committed to complete Hyderabad Metro RailCommitted to Hyderabad metro rail: L&T
BS Reporter | Hyderabad Sep 17, 2014 08:50 PM IST
The L&T management on Wednesday reiterated its commitment to complete the Rs 16,000-crore Hyderabad Metro Rail project “expeditiously as per schedule” after local newspapers published reports stating the concessionaire had informed the government its intent to exit from the public-private partnership project owing to several issues, including the change in status of Hyderabad post bifurcation.
While the reports were based on a letter written by L&T Metro Rail chief executive VB Gadgil on September 10, it was disclosed to the media today that a similar request was made as early as in February, 2014, by none other than group executive chairman A M Naik.
However, after meeting the chief minister and the chief secretary in the light of media frenzy generated by these news reports, Gadgil read out a written statement saying the correspondence between the two partners was a routine affair, which helps in understanding and resolving the issues in the interest of the project.
“We would like to clarify that many issues have come up during the execution of the project since March, 2011, which is quite normal for a massive project of this nature, especially in the urban environment,” Gadgil said, while stating the media had published reports about the issues raised by the company prior to bifurcation.
Resenting the extension of Central Acts of 1978 and 2002 related to metro rail systems and also pointing out practical hurdles coming in the way of execution, including failure to provide the right of way (RoW), Naik in his letter addressed to then chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy had in fact requested the government to take over the project.
“The above unusual conditions and adverse economic conditions while contributing to an unforeseen increase in the cost of the project have also made the project virtually incapable of performance under the public-private partnership format even if for the moment one does not take into account the proposed division of the state of Andhra Pradesh, which would have an immediate adverse effect on the revenue projections on the basis of which the fare structure in the concession agreement was finalised,” Naik said in his letter dated February 6, 2014.
He further said: “In these circumstances, therefore, we appeal for your indulgence and kind attention in the matter and request that the state government of Andhra Pradesh take over the project by taking over our equity in the L&T SPV in full on a mutually agreed basis and relieve us of our obligation as concessionaire in the best interest of the commuting public of Andhra Pradesh.”
Naik’s letter raised material defaults and administrative issues, including the delay in granting RoW and also in handing over land for the project, change in alignment , obstacles created by the traffic police besides the uncertainty in execution and viability of project due to the proposed reorganisation of Andhra Pradesh.
The eight-page letter addressed to Hyderabad Metro Rail Limited (the government wing) managing director NVS Reddy by L&T’s Gadgil points out to a further deterioration of the working relationship between the two partners. Going by the contents of the letter, both the sides have started levelling allegations and counter allegations over non-compliance of the provisions of the Concession Agreement besides debating the bifurcation as a central issue concerning the project viability.
As real estate is an important element of the project viability, the fresh status of Hyderabad as a capital of a smaller Telangana state will adversely impact its revenues, the company claims while hinting at renegotiation of the terms of the agreement.
“...since the completion of the project is essential in public interest, it would be most appropriate that the Government of Telangana takes over the project and the underlying contract from the Concessionaire,” Gadgil stated in his letter while maintaining that they remain open to discussions to come to an amicable resolution of the concerns and issues raised by the company.
The Telangana government has termed the media reports as a deliberate attempt to show the project in a bad light. It said it was sending a team of officials to Delhi in this regard and also to meet metro man E Sreedharan for suggestions on the second phase of the project.
The issues surrounding the execution of metro caught the media attention after the Telangana government reportedly asked the company to make changes in the alignment of the track at two points. The company had even stopped the work on these two locations awaiting government response to compensate for the cost and time overruns.
The first eight-km stretch of the 72-km long project is scheduled to become operational from April, 2015. The entire project is to be completed in 2017.

Sebi pulls up MFs over high commission payoutsSebi pulls up mutual funds over high commissions
Chandan Kishore Kant | Mumbai Sep 17, 2014 10:47 PM IST
The high incentives paid by mutual funds (MFs) to push sales of close-ended schemes haven’t gone down well with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi). The regulator has told fund houses to avoid paying irrational commissions to distributors.
Several new schemes have been paying commissions of as much as six per cent. Sebi is concerned this might lead to misselling and compromise investor interest, say people in the know.
At the recent annual general meeting of the Association of Mutual Funds in India (Amfi), Sebi Chairman U K Sinha expressed discomfort with such high commissions. He said Sebi can’t always keep intervening in this segment, adding fund houses should restrain themselves from tempting distributors to push products.
With India’s key stock indices gaining 60 per cent so far this year, the MF sector has launched the largest number of new fund offers (NFOs) in the equity segment since 2008.
“The markets have improved and people are willing to put in fresh money. As the majority of these funds are close-ended, with much better commissions, distributors are pushing these products to investors. I believe this will continue, as new launches are an easy way to get money in a rising market in India. There will be more such funds coming in, with lock-in periods,” said Niranjan Risbood, director (fund research), Morningstar India.
So far this year, 40 equity NFOs have hit the market, garnering fresh assets worth Rs 4,800 crore. Of these, 24, or about 70 per cent, are close-ended products, with lock-in periods of three-five years. Many of these new schemes were aggressively pushed through higher up-front commissions.
Many said more NFOs were likely in the coming months.
Though Amfi has conveyed Sebi’s discomfort with high commissions to all fund houses, those in the sector aren’t happy at the diktat. “At the end of the day, we have to sell our products. If we are willing to pay the distributors by taking a knock on profitability, Sebi shouldn’t have an issue with it,” said a senior official at a large fund house.
Some believe a robust commission structure is necessary to draw investors to MFs. “Equity MFs are still push-products. Investors rarely come on their own and invest,” said a senior official at another fund house. Currently, the Rs 10-lakh-crore mutual fund sector offers about 380 equity schemes. Of the total assets under management, about a quarter, or Rs 2.61 lakh crore, are in equity schemes.

Shares up on Chinese stimulus  hopes of delay in US ratehikeShares up on Chinese stimulus, hopes of delay in US ratehike
BS Reporter | Mumbai Sep 17, 2014 06:52 PM IST
Indian shares recovered on Wednesday after a two-day slump mirroring global markets which gained on the back of Chinese stimulus and hopes that the US will delay raising rates.
The BSE Sensex gained 138 points or 0.5% to close at 26,631. The NSE Nifty ended up about 43 points and closed at 7,975.
However, the trading session remained choppy signalling nervousness on the part of investors ahead of the release of the policy statement post the US Federal Reserve meeting on Wednesday.
"The market is likely to remain volatile for some more time. There is some short build-up in the system as hedging activity is picking up ahead of the uncertainty," said Nikhil Golani, head (institutional equity), Tata Securities.
The short build-up is said to have picked up in the last two days, as per analysts.
The US Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) meeting is being watched by analysts for the US central bank's stance on the timing of interest rate hikes and announcement of further $10-billion tapering in the US Fed's monthly stimulus package - quantitative easing 3 (QE3). Concerns about an earlier-than-expected rate hike in June next year has been keeping investors nervous.
But on Wednesday hopes that low US interest rates could hold on for longer boosted market sentiment pushing up market heavy weights, particularly stocks of the software giants such as Infosys and TCS which gained 2.3 and 1.3%, respectively.
Shares in Europe and Asia were up about a% led by the 500 billion Chinese yuan stimulus push provided by the People's Bank of China to five of the largest Chinese lenders. Analysts believe that the move serves as an indication that demand in the world's largest consumer could be reviving and could keep stocks elevated for some more time.
But for Indian stocks, flows could remain under pressure in the short-term, said analysts as the markets continue to remain in the over-heated zone.
"This is just nervous money that is getting corrected. Worried investors would take some profits off the table," said Golani.
"Broadly, we expect Nifty to decline further in coming sessions and consolidate around 7,800 prior to any major directional move. Participants especially investors' should utilize this opportunity to accumulate fundamentally strong counters with medium to long term investment perspective," said Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities.
On Wednesday, foreign portfolio investors were net-buyers of equities at Rs 136 crore as per provisional data from the exchanges.
Domestic institutions were net-sellers at Rs 161 crore. Most sectors ended the day up barring the banking index which was flat and the consumer durables sector which declined over a%.
The top performers were the technology firms which were up 1.5% followed by the power and auto sector.

Karuturi Global trips on complying with stock market regulationsKaruturi fails to comply with SEBI
Raghuvir Badrinath | Bangalore Sep 17, 2014 08:29 PM IST
Karuturi Global, the Bangalore-based publicly-held cereals, vegetables and flower exporter, has said it has applied to ROC-Bangalore (registrar of companies) seeking permission to extend the date of the AGM to a maximum period of three months from early September 2014. This move to delay complying with the listing regulations comes after the company’s subsidiary in Kenya has been in legal tangles with its banker in recent times.
“The CFC Stanbic Bank Limited, Kenya, the banker of the subsidiary company has appointed receivers for the subsidiary company and on all the properties of the subsidiary in Kenya. Due to this issue, the company does not have any access to the accounts of its subsidiary in Kenya. In spite of several requests to the appointed receivers, the company has not received any inputs on the accounts of the company for year-ended March 31, 2014 till date. In these circumstances, it would be difficult for the company to prepare the consolidated accounts of its subsidiaries at this point of time,” Karuturi said in a regulatory disclosure.
The company further added that the said subsidiary has transactions with other subsidiaries too due to which even other subsidiaries account finalisation is also not complete.
“However, the company after failing to get the accounts of the Kenyan subsidiary from the receivers has approached the Kenyan High court seeking to compel the receivers/managers appointed by the CFC Stanbic Bank Ltd to provide the audited accounts of the company,” Karuturi added.
This step by Karuturi to seek an extension comes after a series of issues it has been facing at its expansive roses farms in Kenya including delay of salaries to its workers there. Karuturi employed 4,000 workers and at its peak, exporting 1.5 million cut-roses per day to Europe. Its farm in Naivasha was home to 40 species of roses. The management of Karuturi Global was not available for their comments on Wednesday. The flagship roses exports business of Karuturi Global started to get into trouble after a winding-up petition filed by a packaging company which is part of the Aga Khan Development Network.
Karuturi Global, which rose dramatically onto the global stage as among the leading rose exporters to Europe from Africa, is already in various stages of extricating itself from the issues over its ambitious agriculture foray in Ethiopia, which is facing backlash and is midst of various problems.
Karuturi Global expanded its base in Africa by acquiring Kenya-based Sher Agencies in September 2007 from Dutch horticulturists Gerrit & Peter Barnhoorn. The acquisition brought into Karuturi’s fold a 188-hectare farmland in the rich Naivasha region of Kenya. Of this, about 135 hectares were under greenhouse cultivation and 42 hectares in open cultivation and has an average daily output of about 1.5 million stems that are exported from Kenya to Europe.
These series of  setback for Karuturi is compounding the problems for the company, which over the past four years, has been trying to establish an expansive agriculture exports business in Ethiopia. It had embarked on an ambitious $300 million agriculture foray in Ethiopia by growing a range of cereals and plantation crops in which it suffered a severe setback in late 2011 due to heavy floods in the region and had to take a hit of $15 million as its first maize crop was hit severely.
The company had acquired 311,000 hectares on a lease-hold basis from the Ethiopian government in the Baka and the Gambela region to cultivate short, medium and long-gestation crops. In the first phase, the company intended to cultivate cereal crops (rice and maize) on 70,000 hectares and oil palm on 20,000 hectares.
Even as the company was going through a painful recovery, it had been facing allegations of land grab. Human Rights Watch (HRW), a global independent organisation dedicated to defending and protecting human rights, had earlier raised a red flag on corporates from India, including Karuturi, expanding in Ethiopia. Karuturi had strongly refuted the allegations stating they are empowering the locals with jobs.

IndiGo signs $2.6-bn deal with China s ICBC for fleet expansionIndiGo inks $2.6-billion pact with Chinese bank
BS Reporter | New Delhi/ Mumbai Sep 18, 2014 12:49 AM IST
 
India’s largest no-frills carrier IndiGo signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Ltd (ICBC). Under the pact with IndiGo, ICBC, China’s largest commercial bank, will finance the airline’s plans to purchase 30 aircraft. The deal size is valued at $2.6 billion.
Currently, IndiGo has 81 Airbus A320 planes and the airline operates some 500 flights daily. In 2005, IndiGo placed an order for 100 Airbus A320s followed by another order for 180 planes (150 A320neos and 30 A320s) in 2011.
FLYING HIGH
Currently, IndiGo has 81 Airbus A320 planes and the airline operates some 500 flights daily
In 2005, IndiGo placed an order for 100 Airbus A320s followed by another order for 180 planes (150 A320neos and 30 A320s) in 2011
Under the MoU, ICBC will provide financing for the planes through either sale and leaseback, financial lease or commercial lending
IndiGo is not listed and does not publicise annual reports. According to the airline’s balance sheet for the year ending March 2013, it had long-term borrowings of Rs 1,617 crore and this included foreign currency term loans (Rs 276 crore) and aircraft finance lease obligations (Rs 1,340 crore).
The interest rate for term loans was pegged at Libor-plus-premium carried. The balance sheet shows that some of the term loans were secured against the assignment of certain rights under aircraft purchase agreement signed with Airbus.
The announcement of MoUs, signed at an India-China business meeting organised by the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry, coincides with Chinese President Xi Jinping’s three-day visit to India. Xi arrived in Ahmedabad on Wednesday.
“Through this MoU, ICBC will provide IndiGo financial solutions for the introduction of A320 and the other family of aircraft to the fleet in the form of sale and lease back or financial lease or commercial lending. The number of aircraft would be about 30 and the value of the deal would reach to the amount of $2.6 billion,” said Aditya Ghosh, president, IndiGo.
Under the MoU, ICBC will provide financing for the planes through either sale and leaseback, financial lease or commercial lending, IndiGo said in a statement here.
IndiGo already has a relationship with ICBC and this new effort will cement the relationship, the statement added.

Brown gives rousing pro-union speechGordon Brown makes final push in No campaign
By Alistair Gray in Glasgow and John Aglionby in London
©PA
a person close to the former prime minister said: "Mr Brown has made it clear he is not returning to frontline politics. That position has not changed.”
Gordon Brown delivered an impassioned defence of the UK on Wednesday as the former prime minister called on Scots to reject independence in Thursday’s referendum.
As campaigners from both sides spent the final day ahead of the vote trying to convince the hundreds of thousands of voters who say they are still undecided, Mr Brown urged what he called the silent majority “to be silent no more” and to “let no narrow nationalism split us asunder”.
More
BoE probes money auction rigging fears
“Have confidence, stand up and be counted tomorrow,” he told the final Better Together rally in Glasgow. “Say to your friends, for reasons of solidarity, sharing, pride in Scotland , the only answer is vote No.
“What sort of message would we send out to the rest of the world, we who pioneered a partnership between nations, if tomorrow we said we’re going to give up on sharing, throw our idea of solidarity into the dust?” he said.
“This is not the Scotland I know.”
The latest opinion poll, commissioned by STV and released late Wednesday afternoon, showed just a 2 percentage point lead for the No camp, putting it on 51 per cent among the voters who have decided, with the “Don’t knows” at 5 per cent. The poll by Ipsos-Mori represents a 7 percentage point gain in support for the Yes camp since its last poll in early August.
The latest polls suggest an even narrower lead for the pro-union campaign than the results of three opinion polls on Tuesday night. Among those who have decided, the No camp was 4 percentage points ahead in all three polls, but the Yes side has gained ground. They also showed that between 6 per cent and 14 per cent of the 4.3m eligible voters have yet to make up their minds.
Financial markets analysts said traders were pricing in only a small chance of a Yes vote. “Not a single one of our clients is preparing for a Scottish exit,” said Valentin Marinov, strategist at Citigroup.
The pound was little changed on Wednesday, up 0.2 per cent at $1.6309 in early evening trading.
Both sides are predicting a high turnout. Mary Pitcaithly, the chief counting officer, told the BBC on Wednesday that about 80 per cent of the 790,000 postal votes had been returned.
Alistair Darling, leader of the No campaign, told the Glasgow rally that Scots who wanted certainty should vote No.
“If you have such a momentous decision to take, you need to have certainty. And what is very clear at the end of this long campaign is that from the nationalist side there is no certainty at all.”
The pro-independence campaign holds its final rally in Perth on Wednesday evening, but in the morning dozens of Yes campaigners, brandishing Saltire flags and blue and white balloons, lined the steps outside the Royal Concert Hall in the centre of Glasgow. They were addressed by comedian and Yes campaigner Elaine C Smith.
“Yes, yes, yes,” chanted the mixed-aged crowd, some of whom had been invited to take part in the rally by text as little as a couple of hours beforehand.
“I’ve never seen Glasgow like this,” said Ricky Ross, the Deacon Blue singer. “There’s an excitement about [music] gigs, but this is different because everyone’s involved.”
“It’s electric,” was how Nicholas Stewart, a 37-year-old train driver from Coatbridge, described the atmosphere in Glasgow in recent days.
Around the corner, the No campaign had set up a modest stall on a less fashionable stretch of Sauchiehall Street.
The volunteers tended to be older – and meeker – than their Yes counterparts. Passers-by tended to shun the fliers, although many gave brief words of support or at least a nod and a smile.
Alex Salmond, head of the Yes campaign, was confident of success. “The central mistake that the No campaign has made is to tell the people of Scotland that the land of Adam Smith is not capable of running its own matter financially,” he told the BBC.
He dismissed the new powers offered by Westminster political leaders as “the same package that was offered last spring and was repackaged in desperation”.
Asked what currency an independent Scotland would use, Mr Salmond said it would be the pound. If the Yes side won, “you would find Westminster politicians singing a very different tune” about the terms of a currency agreement to their current opposition, he said.
Earlier, Prime Minister David Cameron told the Times that while the tightness of the race was keeping him awake at night, he had no regrets over how he had handled the referendum and had been right not to offer a third choice on the ballot paper of further devolution.
In depth

Wall Street firm ahead of Fed callDollar rises sharply after Fed statement
By Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8a4091b0-3e1a-11e4-b782-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Indo-China flag meet held on troops face-off...China
(The meeting discussed the…)
NEW DELHI: India and China today held a flag meeting to discuss the situation in Chumar sector of Ladakh where troops of both the sides are engaged in a face-off situation.
The Brigadier-level flag meeting was held at a border personnel meeting point in Chushul, where the issue of intrusion of Chinese civilians in the Demchok area was also discussed, army sources said.
The meeting discussed the situation in Chumar where the Chinese troops have entered into the perceived Indian area and they have been asked to leave, they said.
Around 300 Chinese troops had entered the Indian territory over five days ago and they were confronted by a group of around 100 soldiers from the Army and the ITBP there.
The number of troops from both the sides has reduced and the army is handling the situation, the sources said.
This was the second flag meeting that has taken place in the last one week between the two sides to defuse the situation.
Chumar is one of the very few places along the Line of Actual Control where access to the border areas is easier from the Indian side and this place has witnessed several face-off situations in the last two-three years.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India wants strong  not exclusive  China ties: Ex DiplomatIn an interview to CNBC-TV18’s Shereen Bhan, former diplomat Meera Shankar spoke about Chinese President Xi Jinping’s visit to India and its likely impact on the ties between the two Asian powerhouses.
 
Below is a verbatim transcript of the interview
Q: What do you make of the statements coming in from Prime Minister Narendra Modi? He has tweeted about it and he talks about India and China inching towards miles which is the millennium of exceptional energy. Do you believe the baggage that both countries have and it is negative baggage let us be clear about that, that we can actually achieve this goal of millennium exceptional energy?
A: India and China are the two most populist countries in the world. They are now the locus of fast growth and becoming engines of the global economy. So, if they are able to create economic synergies it will provide momentum to both their economies. You mentioned that there are difficulties and I think those cant really also be brushed aside because they happen every day.
For instance you had the intrusion into Leh just a few days back or the fact that the visa agreement is not being signed because of the stapled visa issue, as the foreign minister Sushma Swaraj said, if China expects India to support a one China policy then India expects China to support a one India policy. So, there are issues; also, China's strategic support to Pakistan on nuclear issues.
However, at the same time I think our ability to deal with these issues will be strengthened if we have a more robust economic relationship. Here I think we are making a good start during this visit of President Xi Jinping.
Q: You have touched upon a very important issue and I would like to quote to you what Brahma Chellaney has written in a recent article and he says, “China’s borderline belligerence perhaps could be checked by hinging on China’s market access and naturally be hinged on the progress of resolving political, territorial and water disputes and India can prevent China from being given market access by leveraging on all of these”. Do you believe that India needs to take a much tougher approach when it comes to using the economic issues as a leverage to get China to talk to us on some of the controversial issues?
A: Yes, economic leverage is perhaps the most effective leverage that countries have. So we need to calibrate our economic relationship with China to see how we can more effectively get them to be more responsive to our concerns.
Q: What do you make of the USD 100 billion announcement that has come in that China is likely to make USD 100 billion investment in India in areas like infrastructure and so on and so forth over the next five years? What could be the tipping point really of forging a new economic partnership beyond just the numbers?
A: Some of this will be investment and the bulk of it will be project exports from China with credit. So in a sense it might end up being sovereign debt for India, but at the same time China’s success in building infrastructure, cities and completing projects on time is phenomenal and if we can benefit from it by learning, by strengthening our own capacities it is good.
The key is to see how we can use it to strengthen our capacities because, say in Africa, China has built infrastructure but it hasn’t created any jobs for Africans because they do it on a turnkey basis bringing all their labour from outside and the Africans benefit because the infrastructure gets developed but they don’t benefit in terms of economic employment.
Q: India and China have often talked about building a new model of development, cooperation and competition together. So we have talked about competition several times over in the past recent years but is that more hype in reality because look at the way that China has opposed for instance India engaging with the Vietnam on issues of oil and gas in the South China Sea and China has made its displeasure very clear. So this business of competition; is it more hype than reality?
A: The world has become more complex and you don’t have these black and white relationships. For instance, if you look at the US-China relationship it is one of both simultaneous engagement and competition and I would say for India and China we have to seek a broad based relationship which encompasses both these elements. To have just one or the other would remain reducing and narrowing our options and in the current day world where there is so much fluidity it won’t serve our interests.
Q: How do you see Japan and the US and I am sure they are watching the negotiations between India and China very closely but how do you see those two nations react to what gets done here in India between Xi Jinping and Narendra Modi?
A: If you go back to what the US secretary of defence said when he came to India he said India can simultaneously build its relations with China and with the US. We want to avoid getting stuck in the pitfalls of rivalry.
So, for India what we are signalling is that we don’t give any country a veto on our relationship with any other country and that holds true for China as well. So, for instance India has participated in multi-lateral exercises with the US and Japan – military exercises which we were loath to do in the past and we will do things which we think are in our interest.
I think what we are signalling is that India will build its relations with various international partners and these relationships will not be aimed against anyone and will not be at the cost of anyone.
RELATED NEWS

With eye on assembly polls  government considers 40-50 paise per litre cut in diesel price43
0
New Delhi: In a move that will put more money in your pockets, the Oil Ministry on Wednesday sought the Law Ministry's views on cutting diesel prices. The government is reportedly keen to cut diesel prices by 40 to 50 paise per litre.
The Oil Ministry has asked the Law Ministry if the prices can be cut before October 15 state assembly elections.
A section within the government wants to send the message to voters that they are delivering on the Narendra Modi government's promise of "achhe din" or 'good days'.
The Oil Ministry has asked the Law Ministry if the prices can be cut before October 15 state assembly elections.
Some top Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leaders have been pushing for a Re 1 per litre cut in diesel price.
2

Should a Nats-Orioles World Series be the Beltway Series  the Parkway Series  or something elseBy Dan Steinberg September 17 Follow @dcsportsbog
(Via the New York Times)
A battle erupted inside the Post Sports office Wednesday morning, when we began discussing what a potential Nats-O’s World Series should be called.
(Before you say we’re getting ahead of ourselves, the point is that many people will refer to this possibility over the next few weeks. We want to have a standard way to refer to that potential series, even as a hypothetical.)
(Also, this debate is fun. Way more fun than Cousins vs. RGIII.)
(Also, don’t be a crank.)
The possibilities are endless. “Beltway Series” is probably the most popular choice, especially among non-critical thinkers who blithely ingest the mindless sludge fed to them by major national sports networks. The reason this doesn’t work is because there are two Beltways, and they don’t have much to do with each other, and so Beltways Series would make more sense, but that sounds stupid.
(I mean, Houston has a Beltway. Would an Astros-Nats series be a Beltway Series? Why not just call it a City Series? A Municipality Series? A Series Between Two Baseball Teams.)
So, to normal people, both “Beltway Series” and “Beltways Series” should be out. But I’ll admit that there are a lot of non-normal people out there.
The best choice, pretty clearly, is the Parkway Series. Via Dwight Holmes :
Maybe we should call this potential – and I repeat, potential – World Series matchup between the Nats and the O’s The Parkway Series. Unlike the Beltways, there is only one Parkway and it is the most direct route connecting Nats Park with Camden Yards.
But there are other suggestions. The I-95 Series. The MARC Series. The BWI Series. The MASN Series. The Battle of the Beltways. The McLouth Series. And on and on and on.
This, friends, is your chance to vote. See some of the arguments below.
@dcsportsbog @PostSports Parkway Series! The road connects the two and was designed by PIerre L’Enfant.
— Rick Snider (@Snide_Remarks) September 17, 2014
@dcsportsbog @PostSports Beltway Singular doesn’t even make sense! There are two of them? Are they competing to see who’s the best Beltway?

The top ten stocks for Wednesday  Sept. 17The top ten stocks for Wednesday, Sept. 17
The top ten stocks for Wednesday, Sept. 17
Bloomberg's Betty Liu, Julie Hyman and Olivia Sterns report on today's ten most important stocks on "In The Loop."
Bloomberg's Betty Liu, Julie Hyman and Olivia Sterns report on today's ten most important stocks on "In The Loop."

CLT20: All eight teams were evenly balanced  says KXIP coach SanjayBangarRiding on their strong batting line-up, Kings XI put up their best ever performance in the IPL, finishing runners up in the 2014 season. (Source: BCCI)
Press Trust of India | Chandigarh | Posted: September 17, 2014 8:40 pm | Updated: September 17, 2014 8:53 pm
Kings XI Punjab coach Sanjay Bangar says the focus of his side is to get the best out their players in the Champions League Twenty20 as they prepare to take on Hobart Hurricanes in a Group B match, in Mohali on Thursday.
Riding on their strong batting line-up, Kings XI put up their best ever performance in the IPL, finishing runners up in the 2014 season.
“All the teams that have joined the league stage are very, very strong. I’ve said this before IPL also (that) all eight teams were evenly balanced because of the re-auction and shuffling of players. So no team can be taken lightly.
“We respect our opponents but our focus is, we look inwards. We try to do things best of our abilities, how best we can try and reach our benchmarks,” he said on the eve of their match in Mohali.
Kings XI depends on Australian players with the likes of skipper George Bailey, Glenn Maxwell and Mitchell Johnson forming the core of the team, with some explosive batsmen such as Virender Sehwag, David Miller, besides Indian players Wriddhiman Saha, Manan Vohra and Rishi Dhawan, making the batting line-up quite strong.
However, Punjab’s bowling unit seems to lack teeth as there is still uncertainty over the participation of strike bowler Johnson, who is yet to get a clearance from Cricket Australia.
“We are still awaiting Mitch’s clearance,” Bangar said.
Apart from Johnson, Kings XI have some good bowlers in Lakshmipathy Balaji and Sri Lanka’s Thisara Perera.
“Thisara is a quality player. He is a very, very dangerous player. We are glad that we are in a position to utilise his potential to the fullest. Last season, he was available to us only for four games. But even in those four games, we couldn’t find a place for him because of the four
bowlers we were opting for.
“I think it is a huge opportunity for us. All along the IPL 7, we knew that we were going to miss his services. He is going to be available fully to us. It is an opportunity for him to stake a claim on a regular basis,” Sanjay Bangar said.
Asked about selecting youngsters in the auction, Bangar said the bottom-line was to give chances to the players who were hungry to succeed.
“Whether they were experienced or inexperienced, it did not matter for us. The team had to be picked with a three-year horizon. It had to be a blend of both. And we just thought of finding a balance between the two,” Bangar said.
He also had words of praise for young domestic players in the side, saying “some of our players have truly progressed, raised their levels. Guys like Mandeep Singh, who hasn’t got much opportunities, he has really worked very hard. He is ready. And I just feel that even he could turn out to be a match-winner for us if he gets continued…
Whether they were experienced or inexperienced, it did not matter for us

Modi gifts copy of Gita in Chinese to Xi at SabarmatiAshramPrime Minister Narendra Modi shakes hands with the Chinese President Xi Jinping during the signing of agreements in Ahmedabad on Wednesday. Source: PTI Photo
PTI | Ahmedabad | Posted: September 17, 2014 8:01 pm
Chinese President Xi Jinping, who kicked off his India visit today from Gujarat, visited the Sabarmati ashram of Mahatma Gandhi here where Prime Minister Narendra Modi gifted him a copy of the Gita written in Chinese language.
Xi was received by Modi and Gujarat Chief Minister Anandi Patel on the gates of tranquil Sabarmati Ashram, located in the Sabarmati suburb adjoining the Ashram Road, on the banks of river Sabarmati.
Modi and Patel offered cotton garlands to Xi and accompanied him to different rooms in the ashram which was home of the Mahatma for about 12 years and his wife Kasturba Gandhi.
Later, Xi paid homage to an idol of Gandhi there. Modi also explained Gandhi’s writings in Hindi and English, to the Chinese President on the occasion.
According to the trustees of Sabarmati Ashram, Xi wrote in Chinese in the visitors’ book.
Xi also visited Gandhi’s personal room ‘Hridayakunj’ and offered a cotton garland to Gandhi’s picture.
Modi also presented mementos, including books and a painting on Gandhi, to Xi on the occasion.
“The Sabarmati Ashram Trust presented a replica of the charkha, originally used by Gandhi during his stay in Yervada jail near Pune, to the Chinese President. Xi was also given a copy of the original certificate, given to Gandhi by the people of Chinese origin in South Africa in 1915,” said trustee of the Ashram Kartikeya Sarabhai.

Live Cricket Score  CLT20  KKR vs CSK: CSK lose Smith after flying start against KKRRyan ten Doeschate struck a fine unbeaten 51 to guide IPL champions Kolkata Knight Riders to a seven-wicket win over Chennai Super Kings. (Source: BCCI)
Press Trust of India | Hyderabad | Posted: September 17, 2014 6:31 pm | Updated: September 18, 2014 12:21 pm
Andre Russell smashed a breathtaking half century while Ryan ten Doeschate struck a fine unbeaten 51 to guide IPL champions Kolkata Knight Riders to a three-wicket win over Chennai Super Kings in a Group A match of the Oppo Champions League Twenty20, in Hyderabad on Thursday.
Chasing a competitive 158 for win, KKR were in trouble after slumping to 51 for five inside 10 overs.
But Russell (58 off 25) and Ten Doeschate shared match-winning 80 runs for the sixth wicket off just 42 balls to keep KKR afloat.
After Russell’s dismissal, Ten Doeshchate took the onus on himself to guide KKR home and managed to achieve that with six balls to spare.
KKR’s chase, however, started on a horrendous note as they lost their first four wickets inside the 30-run mark.
Left-arm pacer Ashish Nehra (4/21) was the wrecker in chief for KKR. He accounted for the wickets of KKR skipper Gautam Gambhir, Manish Pandey and Manvinder Bisla in quick succession to rattle CSK.
In fact, Nehra was on the verge of a hat-trick as he dismissed Gambhir and Pandey in consecutive balls in the third over.
Yusuf Pathan too failed to sparkle as he edged a Mohit Sharma delivery to Faf du Plessiss in the first slip in the fourth over.
Young Suryakumar Yadav started brightly with a 17-ball 19 before he was caught by Ravichandran Ashwin off Ravindra Jadeja in the ninth over with KKR scoreboard reading 51 for five in nine overs.
But Ten Doeshchate and Russell had other plans as they started cautiously to build up the chase before opening up. Russell was the aggressive among the duo as he laced his knock with four boundaries and five huge sixes. Ten Doeschate, on the other hand, played the second fiddle and struck three fours and two hits over the fence during his unbeaten knock.
Russell was at his attacking best as he struck two massive sixes of Mohit Sharma in the 16th over to not only bring KKR closer but also bring up his half century in style.
Russell added salt to Mohit and CSK’s wounds by finishing off the over with a boundary to score 18 runs off the 16th over.
Just when it seemed Russell’s pyrotechnics would take the game away from CSK, Nehra cleaned up the West Indian with a gem of an yorker to pick up his fourth wicket of the day and bring his side back into the game.
But Ten Doeschate kept a calm head and guided KKR home in exactly 19 overs in Piyush Chawla’s company.
Earlier, CSK rode on late bursts from skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni and Dwayne Bravo to post a fighting 157 for four.
With CSK in a spot of bother at 86 for four in 12.3 overs, Dhoni and Bravo joined hands to pull the team out of trouble with an unbeaten 71-run partnership off just 45 balls.
Dhoni finished the innings unbeaten on 35 off 20 balls with the help of three fours and two sixes, while Bravo decorated his unconquered run-a-ball 28-run knock with two boundaries and as many hits over the fence.
Sent into bat, CSK were off to a quick start with the opening pair of Dwayne Smith and Brendon McCullum sharing 37 runs runs off 24 balls.
Smith’s 20-run knock off 13 balls was laced with four boundaries before he was caught behind off leg-spinner Chawla (2/26).
McCullum (22 off 19) followed suit as he was struck plumb in front of the wicket by part-time spinner Pathan (1/16) while attempting a reverse sweep.
With CSK in a spot of bother at 49 for two in 6.4 overs, Suresh Raina took the onus on himself to resurrect his side’s innings in the company of Du Plessiss.
The duo added 35 runs for the third wicket before Raina was adjudged LBW off Sunil Narine (1/9) in the 12th over with CSK’s score reading 84 for three.
With KKR producing a disciplined bowling effort in the middle overs, the CSK batsmen found it difficult to score runs easily.
CSK’s problems compounded further when Du Plessiss departed in the 13th over to give Chawla his second wicket of the day.
With runs hard to come by off the spinners, CSK batsmen waited for the pacers to open up.
They finally did when a gutsy Dwayne Bravo opened up against Umesh Yadav and punished the pacer for two fours in the 14th over.
Inspired by Bravo’s strokeplay, Dhoni too opened his arms and smashed Russell for two fours to pick up 12 runs in the 15th over.
With overs running out, it was desperate times for CSK batsmen and young Pat Cummins became the victim when Bravo clobbered the pacer for two sixes in the 17th over that yielded 21 runs.
Cummins was once again at the firing line as Dhoni whacked the bowler over deep midwicket boundary for a six in the penultimate over.
Dhoni took Umesh Yadav for task and struck a four and a humongous six off the last ball to finish off the innings in style.
Ten Doeschate kept a calm head and guided KKR home in exactly 19 overs in Chawla's company.

Wall Street Climbs Ahead of Federal Reserve Statement; DuPont UpYou are here: Home Market
Wall Street Climbs Ahead of Federal Reserve Statement; DuPont Up
Reuters | Updated On: September 17, 2014 20:00 (IST)
Sensex, Nifty Hit Record; Banks Surge on Kotak-ING Deal
New York: US stocks rose on Wednesday, ahead of a key statement by the Federal Reserve which is expected to provide clues on the next monetary policy move by the US central bank.
Materials sector shares led the advance, with DuPont up 4.4 per cent at $68.72 after activist investor Nelson Peltz's Trian Fund Management, among the biggest shareholders in the company, urged it to separate its high-growth businesses from those with strong cash flows.
The broader market had its eyes on the Fed as it concludes a two-day policy meeting. It is expected to provide indications on how soon it may lift interest rates as it prepares for a shift in stance after years of aggressive monetary stimulus.
The benchmark S&P 500 posted its best daily performance in a month Tuesday and the Dow industrials set a record intraday high amid wavering expectations regarding the Fed's stance.
Tuesday's rally "discounted a favorable Fed statement today so anything more hawkish than a statement very close to the last one will probably be read negatively", said Jack De Gan, chief investment officer at Harbor Advisory Corp in Portsmouth, New Hampshire.
He said if the statement was supportive of equities, the S&P should test resistance near the 2,010 area.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 28.87 points, or 0.17 per cent, to 17,160.84.
The S&P 500 gained 3.71 points, or 0.19 percent, to 2,002.69.
The Nasdaq Composite added 3.82 points, or 0.08 per cent, to 4,556.58.
The largest percentage gainer on the New York Stock Exchange was US Steel, which jumped 9.86 per cent a day after the company estimated its results to be "significantly" higher than current Wall Street estimates. The largest decliner was Rackspace Hosting, down 15.98 per cent after the cloud management services provider said it would not sell itself.
Among the most active stocks on the NYSE were Civitas Solutions, down 1.47 per cent at $16.75, Petrobras, up 2.57 per cent at $17.96, and Alcoa Inc, up 0.19 per cent at $16.19.
On the Nasdaq, Net Element Inc, up 34.2 per cent to $3.49, TiVo INC, down 1.1 per cent at $13.56, and Yahoo , down 0.5 per cent at $42.50, were among most active.
Net Element announced it will make it possible for customers to use Apple Pay by integrating Apple services into its point-of-sale payment acceptance hardware and software.
Advancing issues were outnumbering declining ones on the NYSE by 1,917 to 813, for a 2.36-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,419 issues were rising and 814 falling for a 1.74-to-1 ratio.
The broad S&P 500 index was posting 30 new 52-week highs and 5 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite was recording 24 new highs and 19 new lows.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014
Story first published on: September 17, 2014 19:58 (IST)

Change India  analyses reforms needed in financial sectorSep 17, 2014, 07.42 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
'Change India' analyses reforms needed in financial sector
The most important reform announced by the 100 day Modi government has been in the financial services space in terms of the Jan Dhan Yojana and the desire to give a bank account to every household in India before the flag is hoisted the next Republic Day.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
'Change India' analyses reforms needed in financial sector
The most important reform announced by the 100 day Modi government has been in the financial services space in terms of the Jan Dhan Yojana and the desire to give a bank account to every household in India before the flag is hoisted the next Republic Day.
Post your opinion here
Change India
This episode of ‘Change India’ discusses much needed reforms in various sectors of the economy. We now have the lifeblood of the economy, the financial services sector and the set of reforms that are needed for the sector. In a way, this is the kingpin of the entire episode because the most important reform announced by the 100 day Modi government has been in the financial services space in terms of the Jan Dhan Yojana and the desire to give a bank account to every household in India before the flag is hoisted the next Republic Day.
Discussing financial sector reforms, a star panel consisting Anurag Jain, Joint Secretary, Financial Services Department; Usha Thorat, Former Deputy Governor, Reserve Bank of India; A K Purwar, Former Chairman, State Bank of India who now runs a private equity fund; Ajay Srinivasan, CEO, Financial Services, Aditya Birla Group and Mr Deepak Mittal, CEO, Edelweiss Tokio Life Insurance Company.
Below is the verbatim transcript of Anurag Jain’s, Usha Thorat’s, A K Purwar’s, Ajay Srinivasan’s and Deepak Mittal’s interview with CNBC-TV18's Latha Venkatesh:
Q: While the government has launched it with a lot of emphasis separately the reserve bank has been having a payments bank and a small bank concept hopefully to the same end; financial inclusion. The Prime Minister has advanced the financial inclusion one account per household scheme to 26th January. Now are you confident that the banking system can deliver it in such a short time and as well ensure that these accounts are used by the account holders?
Jain: Banks have really responded extraordinarily well. I myself was amazed at the kind of dedication which our bank officers put in the system. On the day one itself about 1.84 crore accounts have opened, which belied or exceeded all expectations and therefore we are fairly confident because the kind of response it received Prime Minister’s speech, his clarion call that created so much of positive energy in the whole system as you would have known that he has written to each and every bank employee also personally, his personal email has gone, and the kind of atmosphere which was created. So people are coming on their own to get their accounts open. So to that extent our efforts have been reduced.
Q: Over the last two years the reserve bank has also given targets to the banking system and many banks have opened a whole host of basic accounts and no frills accounts one chairman told me that about 75 lakh accounts were opened by his bank over the last two years almost all of them are lying dormant with no transaction done and I got the IT secretary of that state, and actually I am talking about the Andhra Pradesh state the unified Andhra Pradesh state, and he said that to ask him whether he would start using all these bank accounts to transfer government services and Andhra Pradesh is a very active one with a lot of self help groups and he said that only last year we transferred all these accounts from banks to the post office and now you are asking me to transfer back. So, while the Prime Minister has written to state chief ministers this is really walking in all directions. Bankers are not confident that this will be used unless all the government payments happen through those no frill accounts and at least the one state which is financially very literate, very high on Aadhar, Andhra Pradesh, is not at all on the same page.
Jain: Not really. Let us understand the dynamics. What was happening earlier one of the major sort of shortcomings of our earlier program was that we did not have a total geographical coverage of the program. Under Swabhimaan we had covered villages with 2,000 plus population. So even if you open the bank account and you are able to transfer the money directly a villager needs a cash out point. So, one of the major points or emphasis of this program has been to cover the whole country geographically. So each and every part is under some assessee and typically the distance of the banking facility point would not be more than about 5 kilometres or so. So given that people will have a place where they can transact.
In the earlier program all these accounts were actually offline in a way, they were locked to a particular vendor. So what used to happen, you cannot draw your money from any other person and if the vendor or this BC is visiting the village once in a week so you have to wait for that particular week and in that particular week he doesn’t come it goes for 15 days. Now in this particular thing technology has been used extensively and it is interoperable. So whether RuPay card is also being given to him for some reason if BC’s shop is closed he can go to the next village’s BC and draw the money or go to ATM of the town and withdraw the money.
So this is much more facilitative given the cash out points will be there. This we are reasonably confident that they would be used. Of course, till the time DBT starts DBT will definitely come when the presentation was made to honourable PM. He was very positive about it and this is a huge program, so we are creating a basic infrastructure on which all other line departments and their state governments can ride on.
RELATED NEWS

Biden: Shylocks comment a poor choice of wordsBy Sean Sullivan September 17 Follow @WaPoSean
File: Vice President Biden (AP Photo/John Locher, File)
After coming under criticism from the head of a Jewish organization after he used the word "Shylocks" in a speech, Vice President Biden acknowledged making a "poor" word choice.
In a statement responding to Anti-Defamation League National Director Abraham Foxman, Biden said Foxman was right to express his disapproval.
"Abe Foxman has been a friend and advisor of mine for a long time. He’s correct, it was a poor choice of words, particularly as he said coming from ‘someone as friendly to the Jewish community and open and tolerant an individual as is Vice President Joe Biden.’ He’s right," said Biden in a statement provided by his office Wednesday.
In a statement first reported by Yahoo News  Tuesday, Foxman said: “When someone as friendly to the Jewish community and open and tolerant an individual as is Vice President Joe Biden, uses the term 'Shylocked' to describe unscrupulous moneylenders dealing with service men and women, we see once again how deeply embedded this stereotype about Jews is in society. Shylock represents the medieval stereotype about Jews and remains an offensive characterization to this day. The vice president should have been more careful.”
In a Tuesday speech at the Legal Services Corporation's 40th anniversary conference, Biden explained that his son Beau Biden, who has served in Iraq, would hear from members of the military who got bad loans and mortgages.
Vice President Biden, speaking to the Legal Services Corporation on Tuesday, described a group of bankers as "shylocks," a characterization that was quickly denounced by the Anti-Defamation League. (The Washington Post)
"People would come to him and talk about what was happening to them at home in terms of foreclosures, in terms of bad loans that were being -- I mean, these Shylocks who took advantage of these women and men while overseas," Biden said.
Shylock is a Jewish character in Shakespeare's "The Merchant of Venice." He is a villain in the play who asks for a "pound of flesh" from another character who is unable to repay a loan.
Sean Sullivan has covered national politics for The Washington Post since 2012.

Emaar Properties says shareholders to get one share in malls IPO for every 36 heldEmaar Properties says shareholders to get one share in malls IPO for every 36 held
Coalscam:Court to hear case against two govt servants on Oct 1Coalscam:Court to hear case against two govt servants on Oct 1
Saradha Scam: Assam s former DGP Shankar Barua commits suicideSaradha Scam: Assam s former DGP Shankar Barua commits suicide
Indigo signs $2.6 billion-worth deal with Chinese bank; to buy 30 new aircraftIndigo signs $2.6 billion-worth deal with Chinese bank; to buy 30 new aircraft
Snag hits Delhi Metro serviceSnag hits Delhi Metro service
Fair Trade Regulator Drops Case Against Ford India  DealerFair Trade Regulator Drops Case Against Ford India  Dealer
Govt to help MSMEs get bank loans at cheaper rates: MishraGovt to help MSMEs get bank loans at cheaper rates: Mishra
For a benefit or profit.Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Anandji...... when will the bonus shares get credited go my demat acco...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

European business chiefs warn on Yes winSeptember 17, 2014 3:23 pm
Europe’s business chiefs express concern over independent Scotland
By FT reporters
©PA
European business leaders have voiced their concerns over a possible Yes vote in Thursday’s Scottish independence referendum , warning that investment in Scotland may fall or be delayed.
Carlos Ghosn, chief executive of Renault -Nissan, said he and “all my CEO friends” would prefer a No vote.
More
Osborne gives up challenge to bonus cap
A Yes “creates a huge uncertainty about what is going to happen, and obviously we do not like that”, he told the Financial Times. “We have big investments in the UK, we have plants in the UK, we have market share, we have teams. It is going to create some uncertainty.”
Ulrich Hoppe, director-general of the German-British Chamber of Commerce in London, said a Yes vote would discourage investment by German groups in Scotland . “German companies in Scotland are overwhelmingly in favour of Scotland staying inside the UK,” he said. “It would lead to a postponement of some [investment] decisions.”
He added: “It will take at least two years before arrangements [for an independent Scotland] are settled, which will be a time of insecurity, so companies will look at the issues twice before deciding to invest.”
However, he said, German companies would be unlikely to leave Scotland in the event of independence because it was a “sizeable” market.
A German banking lobbyist echoed Mr Hoppe’s concerns, saying independence for the Scots “would cost them dearly” and that Scotland’s largest banks could leave the country. “We need more unity in Europe and not more independent little states,” he said.
Some company bosses are concerned the referendum result could encourage other secessionist movements across Europe, for example in Catalonia . Last week Sir Mike Rake , president of the CBI, the UK employers’ organisation, said debates over secession were a “costly distraction” for Europe after six years of economic downturn.
Mr Hoppe warned that, whatever the outcome, secessionist movements were likely to be cheered by the result. “Even if there is a No vote, 40 per cent-plus votes will be Yes,” he said. “This will probably act as a wake-up call to a lot of political leaders.”
More video
Sébastien Bazin, chairman and chief executive of French hotel group Accor , said: “As much as I respect people fighting for autonomy and independence, immediate satisfaction means nothing.”
There is also widespread concern that a UK shorn of Scotland would be more likely to vote to leave the EU in an eventual referendum.
In depth

Colombia seeks dividend from wealthy 1%Colombia seeks dividend from wealthiest 1%
By Andres Schipani in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/56440c30-3d29-11e4-a2ab-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Symbol of Scotland caught in crossfireSymbol of Scotland RBS caught in the crossfire
By Martin Arnold, Mure Dickie and Alistair Gray
©Getty
Dundas House on St Andrew Square, central Edinburgh, has been RBS's head office for more than 180 years
When Royal Bank of Scotland unveiled its £335m purpose-built campus in Gogarburn on the outskirts of Edinburgh almost a decade ago, the Queen attended an opening ceremony that included a fly-past of Tornado jets.
If Scotland votes to secede on Thursday, RBS’s planned shift of its domicile to London is unlikely to be accompanied by such lavish celebrations.
More
Former JJB Sports boss convicted of fraud
Last week, the five largest banks based in Scotland all said they would relocate their headquarters south of the border if the country votes Yes in Thursday’s independence referendum.
Yet because of its 81 per cent government shareholding and its symbolic importance to Scotland, this shift is most sensitive for RBS , itself a child of the 1707 union between Scotland and England that created Great Britain.
The bank was founded in 1727 by Whig supporters of the British crown using funds transferred from London as part of the union settlement. This money was “compensation” for the losses suffered by many Scots in the Darien scheme, a disastrous attempt to establish a colony in Panama that nearly bankrupted Scotland.
RBS’s rapid international expansion in the early years of this century was a source of pride for many Scots, before turning to embarrassment after its collapse and rescue by taxpayers in 2008.
A person close to the bank’s board said of the possible relocation: “It would be a sad day for the company, for historical and symbolic reasons.”
Speaking by the small river – the Gogarburn – that runs through the vast site, a woman who has worked for RBS for three decades said simply: “Of course it’s a worry.”
Lloyds Banking Group , which acquired Halifax Bank of Scotland during the financial crisis, owns more branches and employs more staff in Scotland than RBS. But the 11,500 staff that RBS has north of the border have been caught up in one of the most contentious debates of the referendum campaign.
The bank seemed to be bounced into making its contingency plan public last week when the Treasury leaked it to the media while an RBS board meeting was still discussing what to say publicly.
John Gapper: Scotland needs bravery to build strong banks
The mechanisms the country will need as an independent entity take courage and a lot of time
Continue reading
The bank had hoped to keep its contingency plan secret until after the vote, even though most analysts had assumed it would have to move south to avoid the higher funding costs that would stem from losing the backing of the Bank of England.
“It was a statement of the bleeding obvious,” is how one RBS board member described its announcement. But the recent advance of the Yes camp in the polls, followed by the announcement by Standard Life and Lloyds of their plans left the bank with little choice but to go public about its intentions, the board member said.
Politicians seized on the announcement. Danny Alexander, UK Treasury chief secretary, said: “If all these great institutions locate to England, you would absolutely see a loss of jobs at headquarters, but over time you would see a pulling away in terms of engagement with Scotland.”
But Alex Salmond, Scotland’s first minister, said the banks’ plan to move their headquarters was little more than a “brass plate” issue, with little consequence for jobs or his country’s corporation tax base.
In depth

Ukraine needs money  not more armsSeptember 17, 2014 4:15 pm
Ukraine needs money not arms
By Eugene Rumer
The war cannot be won and more weapons will only prolong the torment, writes Eugene Rumer
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/35b210e4-3e5e-11e4-a620-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Health care is often the biggest expense in retirement  and the hardest to predictBy Jonnelle Marte September 15 Follow @jonnelle
(Photo from Flickr user Vinoth Chandar used under Creative Commons license)
As the youngest of the baby boomers celebrate their 50th birthdays this year, many will put renewed attention on what will likely be the biggest expense in retirement: their health.
Still the responsibility of caring for retirees — as well as the cost — often falls on family members. Almost half, or 46 percent, of caregivers spend more than $5,000 a year on elderly family members, according to a study released Monday by Caring.com , a Web site for people who look after aging parents. Seven percent of caregivers say they spend $50,000 or more a year.
Expenses that pile up can include spending on medication, medical supplies and in-home care. People who have elderly parents move into their homes may also pay for renovations such as installing ramps, railings and lifts. Then there are the costs that are harder to quantify.
People caring for elderly parents often have to take time off of work for emergencies. The pressure can trigger their own health issues, says Andy Cohen, chief executive of Caring.com, sometimes leading to depression, high blood pressure and stress. “It’s sort of a double whammy,” he says.
Also many people are surprised to learn that most Medicare plans don’t cover the costs of assisted living or home health care. “They’re shocked and usually in a panic,” Cohen says.
The process of placing family members in assisted living or a nursing facility can be overwhelming. Family members may find themselves negotiating monthly or annual payment rates. And some people may struggle to find the right facility: While 43 percent of family caregivers were able to find senior housing in one month, 21 percent said the process took six months or more, according to Caring.com.
That’s not to say that boomers aren’t paying attention. Health-care expenses were the top financial concern in retirement  for people over 50, according to a survey released Friday by Merrill Lynch and the research firm Age Wave. Respondents said they were more worried about health-care costs than they were about Social Security or the risk of running out of money.
But health-care expenses can also be the hardest to predict. While people are living longer, there is no way to know if those additional years will be spent in good health. “For many families, health is the ultimate wild card,” says Andy Sieg, head of Global Wealth and Retirement Solutions for Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Thirty-seven percent of people said they retired early because of a personal health problem. And of course, people who retire early for health reasons may also find themselves with less money in savings to handle those unexpected health costs.
The diseases people face in retirement are usually longer lasting than the health problems people face in their youth, researchers noted. Eighty-six percent of people over age 65 have chronic conditions like heart disease, diabetes, cancer and arthritis. The illness seniors feared the most: Alzheimer’s, which respondents said they worried would make them a burden on their family.
Family members can take steps to be proactive about caregiving expenses:
Start the conversation early. Seven in 10 caregivers haven’t talked to their family about how to pay for health-care costs, according to Caring.com. Family members should talk to relatives about these plans before they enter retirement or fall ill, Cohen says. That involves asking about long-term care insurance and finding out what assets are set aside for housing and health-care costs, he says.
Work on the will. Family members should ask older relatives to outline their wishes for medical care in living wills and advance directives. Seniors should also designate a medical power of attorney who can make decisions when a person is unable to because of illness.
Compare housing options. Family members that need to move a relative into senior housing should visit at least four homes, Cohen says. Relatives should ask staff members about how long they’ve worked there to spot places that have high turnover. They should also check online reviews from people who have family members staying in those homes, he says.
Spend your parent’s money first. Some adult children may feel guilty spending down their parent’s assets when they fall ill, but dipping into their own savings may set them back for their retirements, Cohen says. Plus once a senior’s assets are drawn down, they may qualify for additional assistance from programs like Medicaid, which may help cover the costs of home-health care.
Read more:

INDIA FILE this weekindia file this week
Altering nature is not sustainable‘Altering nature is not sustainable’
Aditi Nigam
Tweet
River linking is a repeat of the big dam agenda, say environmentalists
The decade-old effort by Atal Bihari Vajpayee’s Government to push the river-interlinking project has invited its share of opposition from politicians and environmentalists.
With the Narendra Modi-led Cabinet clearing the Ken-Betwa river linking project, which involves Madhya Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh, within the first 100 days of assuming power, voices of protest from environmentalists are rising once again. It is among the 30 river-linking projects that were given the go-ahead by the Supreme Court in February 2012, and includes construction of a dam upstream on the Ken river.
One reason why this particular project has invited criticism is that implementing it will submerge 4,600 hectares of the Panna Tiger Reserve and about 8,650 acres of forest land.
Overall, the river-interlinking project is expected to displace about 5.5 million people, most of them tribals and farmers, estimates the World Wildlife Fund.
Environmentalists feel the entire interlinking programme is “reckless” and will lead to a major redesign of the country’s geography.
“Nature divided us into different regions because of natural reasons… The idea of transferring water from rivers, which receive flood waters to rivers that are drought-prone goes against nature’s principles and can alter the hydrology and ecological conditions of rivers to an irrecoverable extent,” says Ranjan Panda, Convenor, Water Initiatives, Odisha.
While activists admit that scarce water resources are a serious challenge for the country, they feel what is needed is a more scientific and sensitive approach to the problem as well as “careful, economical, conflict-free and sustainable intra-basin management”.
“Civilizations that have developed near river basins have traditionally created their own coping mechanisms, such as drought-resistant farming or devising skills to benefit from floods and the silt deposits that they carry,” says Panda.
He says forced structural alterations can be disastrous for society in the long run when these alternations start to fail, which they are bound to do. He cites the example of the Hirakud dam on the Mahanadi river which has killed downstream rivers. “What we now see in Mahanadi basin is that the drought-affected upper basin people are facing flash floods.”
Himanshu Thakkar, coordinator of South Asia Network on Dams, Rivers and People, says the project to interlink rivers ignores the reality that the mainstay of India’s water needs is groundwater and will remain so for many years to come.
The IIT Mumbai-trained engineer says river interlinking is basically an extension of the ‘big dam’ agenda, quoting former Prime Minister Indira Gandhi who had written on the file of the Tehri dam, “This project will only benefit the contractors.”
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)
Related

Arnold Schwarzenegger in ChennaiTweet
Hollywood actor Arnold Schwarzenegger today met Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa at the state Secretariat and the two interacted for nearly half an hour. The 67-year-old actor, also the former Governor of California, is in India for the audio launch of Vikram-starrer 'I'. (PTI)
Schwarzenegger, who is here for the audio launch of director Shankar's mega budget movie, 'I', also gave a friendly wrap around the shoulders of a policeman on his security duty, drawing instant cheers from the cops and others around. He is expected to share the dias with superstar Rajinikanth for the audio launch on Monday evening. (AP)
The 67-year-old actor, also the former Governor of California after meeting Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa at Secretariat. Eager state government staff also thronged to catch a glimpse of the 'Terminator' star in Chennai on 15 September, 2014. (PTI)
Hollywood star Arnold Schwarzenegger gestures to the waiting media as he returns after visiting Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayaram Jayalalitha at her office in Chennai on September 15, 2014. (AP)
Arnold Schwarzenegger, clad in a grey blazer, did not talk to waiting reporters after meeting Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa but struck a pose for the shutterbugs in Chennai. (PTI)
Advertisement

Strategic day: Sonal Mane  MicrosoftStrategic day: Sonal Mane, Microsoft
Strategic day: Sonal Mane, Microsoft
Sonal Mane, startup portfolio manager for Microsoft, on setting aside a "strategic day."
Sonal Mane, startup portfolio manager for Microsoft, on setting aside a "strategic day."

NFC payments: NEC working to get stakeholders ready for interoperabilityPrint
With Apple backing NFC and getting lots of partners to sign up for its new programme, the technology could get a big boost in geographies where Apple is a dominant smartphone player.
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | New Delhi | Posted: September 16, 2014 4:25 pm | Updated: September 16, 2014 7:44 pm
Among the big announcements at the Apple keynote last week was the launch of Apple Pay, a one-tap mobile-based payment solution based on Near Field Communication (NFC). NFC is not a new technology and has been there on many smartphones and accessories for a few years now. However, in India the technology has been used primarily for making two devices talk. But in Japan, the technology is a preferred mode of payment in hotels, shops and even some trains.
With Apple backing NFC and getting lots of partners to sign up for its new programme, the technology could get a big boost in geographies where Apple is a dominant smartphone player. In Europe, Miya Knights, Senior Research Analyst at IDC Retail Insights says: “IDC research into NFC and smartphone adoption, along with the importance of winning over the particularly complex financial ecosystem in Europe will present both a challenge and an opportunity for Apple Pay and those retailers willing to back its benefits.” So what about India? We did a reality check by talking to Amit Bhatia, Head – Retail Solutions, NEC India, one of the companies pushing NFC in the Indian market.
How many years away is India from launching a NFC based payment solution?
Today, the avid Indian shopper has traversed ahead of the traditional retail therapy and has started embracing online and mobile shopping tools. According to Gartner, India has more than 16 crore internet users of which 8.6 crore access internet using their mobile devices and nearly 10% of internet page views in India come from mobile devices. While m-commerce is still in a nascent stage in India, but it is catching up like wildfire due to factors like affordable devices and mobile internet rates. Moreover, high-speed internet and Wi-Fi has also added impetus to shopping through mobile devices. With 4G coming, the trend is bound to pick up in the near future.
At NEC, we have been working on Near Field Communication (NFC) technology for the last three years. In 2013, we did India’s first commercial deployment on an NFC payment solution with PVR Cinemas along with Blackberry. Today, we not only have a strong pipeline but we also have several live deployments in place.
What are the requirements from the tech side?
NFC technology operates on a special chip and application on smartphones. Consumers who have NFC enabled smartphones can use it as a card, by just tapping their phones against NFC enabled payment systems to make the transaction. Not only that, the system also captures the consumer’s details and shopping history for generating loyalty points and data for better customer relationship management for retailers. Retailers across the globe are now leveraging the use of NFC to not only integrate their online and mobile businesses , but also using its power to connect with consumers by sharing information on sales and exciting offers that could be relevant for them, basis the data that the technology collects for them. We offer a complete ecosystem as far as NFC payment is concerned with terminals, cards or mobile phones and the e-money platform that records all the transaction.
What are the obstacles in the implementation of NFC?
While NFC is being widely used globally, it is still in a nascent stage in India. A key challenge in implementing the technology is the readiness of various players to interoperate in order to adopt the same at a large scale. Further mobile service providers and banks need to work together to create a seamless ecosystem for the technology to work efficiently. While NFC enabled phones and devices have been introduced in the India market, they are still not as per expectations. NFC enabled terminals are still not in abundance for the customer to make cashless, card-less payments. But we are aiming to change this with our solutions.
Where are we at the moment?
Today as we speak, continued development is happening on the NFC payment side along with building Value added services, which can complement the solution.  NFC has great potential because of VAS (value added services) and secure platform to transact.
With smartphone makers, Internet providers and credit card companies collaborating to offer NFC services to consumers, very soon we will see making our payments, redeeming loyalty points, purchasing tickets and providing identity proof through our smartphones. With NFC, we are soon approaching the time where we will bid goodbye to bulky wallets and the phase of remembering numerous banking passwords. So tap away, to the future purchasing power of NFC.
What has been NEC’s experience with launching an NFC payment solution?
NEC helped PVR Cinemas introduce payment mechanism on the handset of their customers through NEC’s integrated e-money solution using NFC (Near Field Communication) as a technology. The integrated electronic money solution provides customers with servers to manage prepaid transactions, balances and user accounts, and also support for customer relationship management (CRM) functions. PVR saw this use of NFC technology as the something which could be the core of its customer loyalty programme, along with differentiating it from the competition. PVR Cinemas installed this technology across 15 cities allowing moviegoers ‘tap & pay’ for movie tickets and refreshments without using paper or even plastic money.
The solution perfectly fitted the requirements of PVR. By reserving tickets and refreshments in advance, customers can now plan their activities as per their convenience. Waiting time is reduced and they can also enjoy the benefits of loyalty programs through their smart devices. Also, the integrated retail solution allows PVR to streamline processes by using cutting edge and advanced IT solutions to optimise resources and be able to achieve a rise in profit. With the usage of NFC enabled mobile wallet, PVR is able to reduce transaction time by 80% as compared to transactions made through any other traditional

Germany Has Asked Google to Reveal Its Search Algorithm  but That s Not Going to HappenHeiko Maas, demanding Google justice, German style
Photo by Sean Gallup/Getty Images
This article originally appeared in Business Insider.
German justice minister Heiko Maas is calling on Google to become more transparent by disclosing exactly how it ranks search results.
Advertisement
This, of course, will simply never happen. The algorithm is the heart of Google, the source of all its wealth and power as the planet's best index of knowledge. Google is just never going to give that up. CEO Larry Page will fight to the death.
Nonetheless, in an interview with the Financial Times , Maas explains that Germany is unhappy with the search giant's actions in Europe and wants it to reveal the details of its search algorithm in the interests of consumer protection.
Google Search remains the most important part of Google's business, with advertising on the platform forming the majority of its $60 billion in annual revenue. But now, Germany's government has escalated its antitrust case against the company by requesting that Google publishes how websites are ranked on Google Search. 
Google has apparently pushed back against the request, claiming that publishing the search engine algorithm would mean revealing its business secrets and opening up the service to exploitation by spammers. 
Top Comment
"Antitrust"?  It's a free service.  Use Yahoo or Bing or whatever if you don't like it.  This isn't like a grocery store edging out it's competition and then raising prices when its the only game in town.   More...
-JessR
Join In
The EU has been working for four years to try to break up Google's dominance over web search in Europe. As the Wall Street Journal reports , Google handles over 90 percent of web searches in Europe, a larger percentage than its 68 percent share of the American search market. The EU has continually pushed Google to make concessions in the way it displays search results, the most notable of which is the "right to be forgotten" law that means private individuals in the EU can force Google to delist web pages about them. Last week the EU rejected a proposed compromise from Google, meaning that the company could still face a $6 billion fine.

Xi visit to set a new mark in India-China tiesXi visit to set a new mark in India-China ties
Amiti Sen
Investment, trade high on agenda; prickly issues too to be discussed
New Delhi, September 16:  
Ahead of Chinese President Xi Jinping’s visit to India, starting Wednesday, Prime Minister Narendra Modi summarised the possibilities of bilateral ties between the two countries in inches and miles — that is, “Inch (India and China) towards Miles (Millennium of Exceptional Synergy).”
“Every inch we cover can rewrite history of humanity and every mile we cross will go a long way in making this planet a better place,” he said.
Coming on the heels of Modi’s successful trip to Japan, Xi is bearing for Modi a $100-billion gift pack covering investments in a gamut of areas, including bullet trains, industrial parks, twin-city projects, and highway construction — to outdo the Japanese investment offer of $35 billion.
Bridging the trade gap
China agreeing to import buffalo meat, oilmeal, and tobacco has raised India’s hopes of narrowing its trade deficit of $36 billion with China – which is about one-fourth of its total trade gap. The Government is expecting more market access and increased investments as Beijing’s bid to bridge the deficit gap.
According to Bloomberg, China’s total investment in India between 2000 and 2014 has been around $400 million; the annual figure has been declining – from $88 million in 2008 to $27 million in 2013. By comparison, China invested $14 billion in the US that same year.
One reason for the trade gap with India is that much of China’s exports to India are manufactured goods while most of India’s exports to China are primary goods such as iron ore and minerals. The Commerce Ministry believes that India can export buffalo meat worth $1 billion annually to begin with, and this can be increased subsequently.
“China has a huge demand for meat and we are the world’s largest suppliers. We have convinced them that our quality standards are high and meet the stringent requirements of the developed world as well,” a Government official told BusinessLine.
China was earlier importing oilmeal and tobacco from India but had stopped some years back citing some quality problems. The matter has been sorted out now.
Breaking the usual protocol, Xi will land not in New Delhi but in Ahmedabad, and sign an industrial park MoU. Gujarat will also initial a couple of other pacts with the Chinese provinces of Guangdong and Guangzhou.
But more than the basket of goodies, New Delhi will be anxious for clarity on a host of other issues that have kept relations prickly.
Chiefly, these include the unending border dispute and regular incursions into Indian territory by the People’s Liberation Army, especially in Arunachal Pradesh, the river water disputes, the stapled visa issue, and China’s expanding influence in the Indian Ocean.
For the two leaders, finding an amicable solution to these issues will be the key to stronger economic and strategic ties.
(This article was published on September 16, 2014)
Related

By-poll jolt for BJP in Rajasthan  UPBy-poll jolt for BJP in Rajasthan, UP
Our Bureau
Surprised in Gujarat too; impressive show by SP, Cong
New Delhi, September 16:  
Four months after its stupendous success in the Lok Sabha elections, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) suffered a setback in the by-polls conducted in 33 Assembly and three Lok Sabha seats across nine States.
The BJP and its allies — the TDP and the Apna Dal — had held 26 of the 33 Assembly seats before the by-election. After Tuesday’s results, the BJP was left with only 13 of those seats.
There were no surprises in the Lok Sabha by-polls for Mainpuri (UP), Vadodara (Gujarat) and Medak (Telangana) seats which the Samajwadi Party, the BJP, and the Telangana Rashtra Samiti (TRS) won, respectively.
While the BJP managed to retain Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s home constituency, Vadodara, it lost heavily in Uttar Pradesh, Rajasthan and even in Gujarat where the Congress managed to win three of the nine Assembly constituencies in the by-polls held on September 13.
The Congress’s best performance was in Rajasthan where it managed to wrest three of the four Assembly seats — Surajgarh, Weir and Nasirabad. The BJP, which had swept all the 25 Lok Sabha seats in the State, could retain only Kota (south).
For the BJP, the shocker came in Uttar Pradesh where the party lost eight of the 11 Assembly seats it had won in 2012. By-elections were necessitated in these seats as all the MLAs have got elected to the Lok Sabha.
Mulayam Singh Yadav’s grand-nephew, Tej Pratap Yadav of the Samajwadi Party, won the Mainpuri Lok Sabha seat with a staggering margin of 3,21,149 votes.
UP Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav, who has been facing flak for the worsening law and order situation and the rampant corruption in the State, said the elections signalled a “defeat of the communal and divisive forces”.
Significantly, the ruling coalition at the Centre lost the Rohaniya Assembly segment in the Prime Minister’s Varanasi Lok Sabha constituency. The seat was held by BJP’s ally, the Apna Dal.
The only solace for the BJP came from West Bengal where it won the Basirhat Dakshin constituency for the first time. The ruling Trinamool Congress retained the Chowringhee seat.
(This article was published on September 16, 2014)
Related

Kerala govt: Tourism sectors concerns on liquor policy to be examinedBut says no going back on decision
Thiruvananthapuram, Sept 16:  
Kerala government today said the concerns of the tourism sector on the impact of the new liquor policy would be looked into but asserted that it is not going to backtrack from the decision.
The State government is of the view that a detailed study was necessary to know the impact of the liquor policy and would examine the industry’s concerns, state Tourism Minister A.P Anil Kumar told reporters here today while announcing the details of the Kerala Travel Mart beginning in Kochi on September 18.
Making it clear that the liquor policy was the unanimous decision of the state Cabinet, he said the Government was of the opinion that tourists were coming not just for savouring drinks but to enjoy the scenery and nature of the State.
The minister also dismissed criticism that the new liquor policy was announced in haste and said the government took a decision to cut short the availability of liquor as its consumption had become a “social problem” in the State.
Meanwhile, E.M Najeeb, president of Confederation of Tourism Industry (Kerala region), said the new liquor policy would have an impact on the sector and wanted the government to formulate an ‘industry-friendly’ policy.
He said sectors like Conference Tourism would be largely hit by the new policy. “If Sunday is declared as ‘dry-day’, it will affect the Conference Tourism as majority of conferences and meetings are scheduled on weekends,” he said.
He also said there was a general apprehension among stakeholders that the new liquor policy would affect tourism prospects of the country in general and turn Kerala the last preferred destination.
Kerala Travel Mart president Abraham George said the government should consider separate licence for the tourism sector for serving liquor. A representation in this regard had already been submitted to the government, he said.
As per the new liquor policy, only five-star hotels in the state can run bars. The policy also envisages cutting down 10 per cent of the beverage outlets every year with a view to making Kerala a total liquor-free state in 10 years time.
However, the new policy has been challenged by the bar owners association in the Supreme Court which has directed the High Court to take a decision on the closure of bars under the five-star category by September 30.
(This article was published on September 16, 2014)
Related

RBI may limit card issuance by banks due to dearth of PoS terminalsRBI may limit card issuance by banks due to dearth of PoS terminals
Our Bureau
HR Khan, RBI Deputy Governor
Some point of sales units do not accept certain kinds of cards, says HR Khan
Mumbai, September 16:  
With the expansion of point of sales (PoS) machines not keeping pace with the number of cards in the market, the Reserve Bank of India may limit the issuance of cards by banks.
RBI Deputy Governor HR Khan on Tuesday raised concerns, saying that there is “huge number of cards but where is the payments ecosystem to use them”? He said card acceptance infrastructure needs to be created.
“Banks have to take some lead...We are looking at the possibility of opening White Label PoS machines like White Label ATMs and that any further issuance of cards will be linked to the setting up of the machines.
“It is not a final view but just a thought,” said Khan, adding that this is required particularly in rural and semi-urban areas where more  Kisan Credit Cards are becoming plastic.
According to him, India has just 1.1 million PoS terminals and that only few banks are putting up these machines.
Some PoS terminals do not accept certain kinds of cards and this is not acceptable, he added.
Speaking on rising cases of unhedged forex exposures by corporates, Khan said, “One thing we have said is that the unhedged exposure has to be factored in the credit risk assessment of the banks….we have asked (corporates) to see how this will affect their balance sheets in case of turbulence and volatility….”
“Secondly, we have been telling corporates that they should hedge when the times are good. You should not go for insurance when you are sick but when you are healthy so that you pay less premium,” Khan added.
Further, “Since there is a mismatch between revenue, which is in local currency, and your repayment obligation is in foreign currency, so we have a controlled regime for borrowing abroad. We don’t allow unlimited borrowing and we have a ceiling and there are restrictions,” Khan explained.
He added that India is at lesser risk compared to other countries but still there are quite a few corporates which are exposed to foreign currency volatility.
(This article was published on September 16, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Carcinogenic Cellphones: Does mobilephones usage lead to cancerE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Column: Road ahead for retro tax lawsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Editorial: Dial-a-disasterE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Sears shares tumble on loan newsSears shares tumble on loan news
Sears
Sears Holdings Co. stock tumbled 9.4 percent Tuesday.
Sears Holdings Co. stock tumbled 9.4 percent Tuesday. (Daniel Acker, Bloomberg)
Sears Holdings Co. is getting a $400 million secured short-term loan from the hedge fund of its chief executive, Eddie Lampert, with real estate as collateral, the company said Monday in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. ( Alexia Elejalde-Ruiz )
The drop came after Monday afternoon’s announcement that Sears would be getting a $400 million secured short-term loan from ESL Investments, the hedge fund owned by Sears CEO Eddie Lampert, to help the company achieve its previously stated goal of raising $1 billion this year to fund its transformation into a member-driven shopping service.
Sears had previously raised $665 million, including a $500 million dividend from the spin-off of Lands’ End and $165 million from store closings.
The loan, which is guaranteed by a first lien on 25 Sears-owned properties, the locations of which were not detailed, is not the first time Lampert’s hedge fund has loaned money to Sears, but previously it issued commercial paper, which is unsecured.
cComments
I work for the fallen retailer, Sears and I am shocked at the a apparent suicide of the company. They came out with the slogan "Sears... Where Better Happens". Rats and roaches run a mock in the store and ideas for improvement are squashed. The only possibility that Eddie Lampert...
rebeccarush777
4
The new loan structure “could suggest that ESL is even suggesting there is more risk here,” said Evan Mann, a senior high yield analyst at Gimme Credit, an independent research service on corporate bonds.
Sears had mentioned in its last earnings call that the drop in inventory from hundreds of store closures would require it to seek new forms of collateral for its financing agreements, which could be why real estate is on the line, he said.
The fact that Sears needed the cash infusion to reach its liquidity target could suggest that its efforts to sell its Sears Auto Centers or its stake in Sears Canada have not fetched the right price or interest, Mann said.
It also could suggest that, after a terrible second quarter in which it lost $573 million, Sears wanted to give extra reassurance that everything is OK, he said.
Sears Holdings spokesman Howard Riefs wrote in an email Tuesday that the loan provides a more predictable source of funding through the holiday season, given the uncertain timing of any potential transactions involving the auto centers or Sears Canada.
“Moreover, we want to be proactive in demonstrating to our vendors and other constituents that we will continue to generate liquidity needed to invest in our business and meet all of our financial obligations,” Riefs said. “While we are working to transform our business, with a goal of achieving a longer term and more flexible capital structure that allows us to accelerate our transformation, we want to ensure that current operations are sufficiently funded.”
The loan from Lampert, who is also Sears’ largest shareholder, comes due at the end of this year, with a base interest rate of 5 percent, and has the option to extend the maturity date to the end of February.
S&P Capital IQ on Tuesday said it is cutting its revenue forecast for Sears by 4.4 percent for the year and is widening its loss per share estimate for the year by $1.45 to $8.97.
Sears has been selling and spinning off assets to try to stem mounting losses amid years of revenue declines. He is skeptical of Sears’ long-term prospects.
“It’s just a slow, orderly liquidation,” said Mann.

Financial Markets Awaiting Any Fed Signal on RatesAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

Maruti Suzuki sales head Mayank Pareek resignsHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Maruti Suzuki sales head Mayank Pareek resigns
PTI
Mayank Pareek, Head (Marketing and Sales), Maruti Suzuki (file photo).
New Delhi, Sept 17:  
Maruti Suzuki India’s marketing and sales head Mayank Pareek has quit the company after nearly 20 years of service at the country’s largest carmaker.
While Pareek, who is designated Chief Operating Officer (marketing and sales), could not be reached for comments, however, according to people familiar with the development, he has put in papers to pursue ‘better opportunities’.
The company spokesperson declined to comment.
It is speculated that he may join homegrown auto major Tata Motors, which has been seeking a revival in fortunes in the passenger cars segment.
Besides the company chairman RC Bhargava, Pareek is the other Indian face of the company in which Japan’s Suzuki Motor Corporation holds majority stake.
His sudden departure comes at a time when Maruti is gearing up to launch its premium sedan Ciaz next month. The company has been struggling to make its presence felt in the bigger car segment.
Pareek had successfully continued the rural drive of the company initiated by former managing director Jagdish Khattar.
He has been credited for keeping the company’s sales counter ticking and increasing market share even when the Indian automobile market went on a slump in the last two years.
Maruti shares were marginally down at 2,937.75 on the NSE at 11.30 am.
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

Scotland independence referendumindependence_referendum,_2014    Cached
The Scottish independence referendum was a referendum on Scottish independence that took place in Scotland on 18 September 2014. The independence referendum question ...
www.scotreferendum.com    Cached
From the blog First Minister on Referendum Outcome September 19, 2014. Thank you Scotland for 1.6 million votes for Scottish independence. Our friends in the ...

India-Vietnam air serviceand-economy/...    Cached
For the first time, India and Vietnam will have direct daily flights from November 5 with domestic carrier Jet Airways connecting Delhi and Mumbai to historic Ho Chi ...

SEBI to introduce annual information memorandum for listed cosWork in progress for guidelines on wilful defaulters, says SEBI chief
Shishir Sinha
Listed firms to soon publish Annual Information Memorandum
New Delhi, Sept 17:  
Market regulator Securities and Exchange Board of India plans to ask listed companies to mandatorily put out an Annual Information Memorandum.
The regulator is also working on guidelines for action against wilful defaulters.
The Annual Memorandum will be a compilation of all the disclosures that are now made under various regulations, including the listing agreement. The move is to bring more transparency and easier regulatory oversight.
Wilful defaulters
On wilful defaulters, SEBI Chairman UK Sinha, talking to reporters on the sidelines of a CII event, clarified that currently there is no restriction on such entities from raising money from the capital market. This issue came to the fore after United Bank of India declared Kingfisher Airlines a wilful defaulter, while other banks are in the process of doing so. A wilful defaulter is an entity that does not repay a loan intentionally and also diverts money for purposes other than that for which the money was provided.
Though the RBI shares its list of wilful defaulters with SEBI to prevent their accessing the capital market, in the absence of proper norms, it is difficult to debar these entities.
Now, the Centre is also working on a new law to deal with wilful defaulters for which a Bill is likely to be introduced in the winter session of Parliament. The provisions of the new Bill are expected to include attachment of property, change in management besides other legal action against the promoters.
Info memorandum
Listing the benefits of publishing the Annual Information Memorandum, Sinha said, “First, you will not face undue litigation from regulators. Second, if you are going to raise some funds, debt or equity, you don’t have to update the information again and again.”
The memorandum will also state risk the factors for a company and industry, give an overview of sectors, legal proceedings and information on material events.
Sinha said that the memorandum requirement will be introduced through guidelines and by amending the corporate governance norms. “Work on this project has already started.”
“This will be a far reaching move because today a corporation that has filed everything as per SEBI requirement can still be hauled up, which is a lacuna in our system,” he said, adding that if an entity has filed some information under the takeover regulations as well as part of disclosure requirements, both are taken separately.
“So, for an analyst, a shareholder and a stakeholder, this becomes a problem. It also becomes a problem for corporations that are willing to comply,” he added.
Follow-on-public offer
The SEBI chief said the regulator would also come out with a discussion paper soon for reducing the time-frame for approval of Follow-on Public Offers.
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

Sony warns of $2bn full-year loss© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b1fc9c88-3e35-11e4-b7fc-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

A classicist in the modern mouldLATEST PHOTOS
A Classicist In The Modern Mould
Is Ravichandran Ashwin a product of his hurried times? Or he is a remnant of an era when life moved at a more leisurely pace? Is he India’s next spin king? Or is he a pretender? Time will tell. What we do know is that with his consistent performances with bat and ball, Ashwin has set himself in the Indian team in all formats of the game. As he turns 28 on September 17, 2014, here’s a look at India’s lead spinner in action over the seasons.
Prev Next
Indian cricketer Ravichandran Ashwin cools himself in front of a vaporizer during a practice session ahead of the World Cup Cricket Group B with Kenya in Chennai, India, Wednesday, March 16, 2011.
Indian cricketer Ravichandran Ashwin cools himself in front of a vaporizer during a practice session ahead of the World Cup Cricket Group B with Kenya in Chennai, India, Wednesday, March 16, 2011.
Hong Kong vs Nepal T20 Ser...
vs.
No live matches are in progress.
vs.
Pakistan vs New Zealand, 2nd Test
Mon 17 Nov, 2014 1:24 PM IST
4th ODI: Australia vs South Africa
Fri 21 Nov, 2014 5:31 PM IST
A Tale of Tons at the World Cup
Fri 21 Nov, 2014 12:59 PM IST
Of the 127 centuries scored in World Cups, just two were made in the 1979 edition, while 24 were plundered in the latest 2011 tournament. 22 hundreds have been scored by an Australian and 20 by an Indian across the nine editions.
World Cup: Highest individual scores
Thu 20 Nov, 2014 12:28 PM IST
In this installment of Counting Down to the World Cup we look at the evolution of the highest individual score, from Dennis Amiss' plod against India in 1975, to Gary Kirsten's opportunistic flagellation of the UAE in 1996.
These Men Have More Runs Than Anybody In International Cricket
Thu 20 Nov, 2014 3:31 PM IST
Presenting the 20,000-run club in international cricket—and the gentlemen who may enter it soon. [ALSO SEE: The Highest Run Scorers of All Time ]
Highest Totals at the World Cup
Wed 19 Nov, 2014 2:28 PM IST
That this list includes no items from the first three editions is clearly indicative of the trend of modern cricket that accords the bat, at least in the shorter formats, an iniquitous advantage over the ball. Smaller grounds, heavier willows, field restrictions and changed mindsets may have the purists … More » Highest Totals at the World Cup

Day after diatribe  Shatrughan Sinha says no differences with Sushil ModiE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Sensex Gains 138 Points Ahead of Fed DecisionYou are here: Home Market
BSE Sensex, Nifty Higher; IT Stocks Lead Gains
NDTV | Updated On: September 17, 2014 11:55 (IST)
Sensex, Nifty Hit Record; Banks Surge on Kotak-ING Deal
BSE Sensex and Nifty were higher today, tracking a rise in Asian markets on speculation that the Federal Reserve would maintain a pledge on low rates when its two-day policy meet ends later today.
Asian shares crept cautiously higher on Wednesday after a rebound on Wall Street overnight. The Dow hit a fresh record while the US dollar took a knock after the Wall Street Journal's Fed watcher Jon Hilsenrath said the central bank would keep the words "considerable time" in its policy statement, though it might qualify them.
The phrase has become a touchstone in markets for when the Fed might start raising interest rates and dropping it would be taken as a hawkish step.
Market sentiment was also boosted after China injected $81 billion into major banks.
BSE Sensex and Nifty yesterday suffered losses of over 1 per cent on caution ahead of the US Federal Reserve's meeting while foreign portfolio sales also weighed on sentiment.
The Sensex was up 105 points at 26,598.43 after hitting 26,682.64 at its day's high. The Nifty rose 34 points to 7,967.
However, cautious trade was seen in broader markets with BSE midcap and smallcap indices nearly flat.
Among frontline stocks, IT shares led the gains with Wipro and Infosys rising close to 2 per cent while TCS rose close to 1.5 per cent.
Among other major Nifty gainers, Tata Power, NMDC and Hero MotoCorp were up between 1.5 per cent and 2 per cent. (With Agency Inputs)
Story first published on: September 17, 2014 11:54 (IST)

Stakeholder meeting on Real Estate BillStakeholder meeting on Real Estate Bill
Navadha Pandey
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 17:  
To seek stakeholders’ views on the Real Estate (Regulation and Development) Bill, the Ministry of Housing and Urban Poverty Alleviation will hold consultations with representatives of the Ministries of Environment and Forests and Climate Change, Consumer Affairs, Civil Aviation, Culture on September 19, a statement from the Ministry said.
Before seeking to move this Bill for consideration in the Rajya Sabha in Winter Session of Parliament, the Ministry will deliberate on issues such as protection of consumer interests, single window system for approval of real estate projects, perspectives of developers on delays in approvals and corrective measures required, the statement added.
Other participants would include Consumer Welfare Association, Federation of Apartment Owners Associations, legal firms and management consultants, National Real Estate Development Council, Council of Real Estate Developers Associations of India, etc.
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

100 billionaires in India; 6th globally: Wealth-X  UBS censusE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Chinese President Xi Jinping arrives in Gujarat on a three-day India visitChinese President Xi Jinping arrives in Gujarat on a three-day India visit
Virendra Pandit
Tweet
Reuters Prime Minister Narendra Modi (R) and China's President Xi Jinping wave before their meeting in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, on September 17, 2014.
PTI Prime Minister Narendra Modi greets Chinese President Xi Jinping and First Lady of China, Peng Liyuan upon their arrival at the Hotel Hyatt in Ahmedabad on Wednesday.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi greets Chinese President Xi Jinping and First Lady of China, Peng Liyuan upon their arrival at the Hotel Hyatt in Ahmedabad on Wednesday.
Bilateral relations expected to hit a new high
Ahmedabad, Sept 17:  
Chinese President Xi Jinping arrived here on Wednesday afternoon to a red-carpet welcome, commencing his much-awaited, three-day India visit that is expected to take bilateral relations to a new high and usher in a new century of mutual cooperation and growth in Asia
The Chinese President is visiting India amid tension on the Sino-India borders. The old slogan ‘Hindi-Chini bhai bhai’ was perhaps re-chanted for the first time after 1962.
Meanwhile, the police briefly detained some Tibetan students of MS University in Vadodara who tried to protest against the Chinese President visit
Xi, accompanied by his singer wife Peng Liyuan, alighted from his Air China aircraft at the Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Airport at about 3 pm. Gujarat Governor Om Prakash Kohli and Chief Minister Anandiben Patel, among others, received the President in traditional Gujarati style, with folk artistes holding colourful umbrellas giving a brief performance near the tarmac.
After inspecting a guard of honour, Xi and his 130-strong entourage left for Hotel Hyatt. The entire 18-km-long route was decorated with festoons and flags of the two countries while large hoardings and curtains kept the slum areas hidden.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who was earlier greeted by Xi Jinping on his 64th birthday, received the Chinese President at the Hotel at about 3.40 pm. Leading industrialists, including Gautam Adani, Karnsanbhai Patel (Nirma) and others, also welcomed their counterparts in the visiting delegation.
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

Chinas ambassador to Iceland has been allegedly detained for leaking secrets to JapanLily Kuo @lilkuo
September 17, 2014
Chinese ambassador to Iceland Ma Jisheng and his wife, Zhong Yue,  have been arrested  (link in Chinese) by Beijing on suspicion of leaking national security secrets to Japan, according to a Chinese-language media report.
The report hasn’t been confirmed by Chinese officials, who declined to answer questions from reporters about the ambassador’s whereabouts. Asked to confirm news of the arrest—first reported by the overseas Chinese outlet MingJing News, citing anonymous Chinese officials—China’s Foreign Ministry spokesman Hong Lei said , “I have no information on this.”
Already, links to headlines and articles about Ma’s arrest have begun to be scrubbed from the internet, and a link to the Ma’s biography on the Chinese Iceland embassy’s website now turns up blank .
Ma, who served as secretary in China’s embassy in Japan  (link in Chinese) in the mid 1990s and again as commissar in Toyko between 2004 and 2008, has espoused the typical Chinese criticism of Japan. In February, he penned an editorial  (link in Chinese and Icelandic) in an Icelandic newspaper criticizing the visit to the controversial Yasukuni Shrine by Japan’s prime minister Shinzo Abe.
The Icelandic news site Grapevine reported earlier this month that Ma left the country in January—before the editorial was written—and has not been heard from since. A spokeswoman for the Icelandic government said it had been notified that “Ma would not return to his post for personal reasons,” Reuters reported .
China and Iceland have had increasingly friendly diplomatic relations in recent years. The countries signed a free-trade pact in 2013 , though a bizarre plan by a Chinese entrepreneur to build an Icelandic golf resort did not come to fruition.
Share this:

Sensex up 139 pointsTweet
Mumbai, Sept 17:  
Sensex was up 139 points on the back of good demand for IT and capital goods stocks. The benchmark index opened on a positive note at 26,627 against the previous close of 26,493. It made a high of 26,683 and low of 26,512 before closing at 26,631.
The turnover on the BSE was down at Rs 3,898 crore against Rs 4,369 crore logged on Tuesday.
On the NSE, Nifty was up 43 per cent at 7,975.
Most cement stocks on the BSE gained on hopes that the demand will revive with the southwest monsoon receding slowly.
Among IT stocks, Infosys gained two per cent to Rs 3,740 as the company said during market hours that Japan’s leading retailer Muji has deployed its InteractEdge software which will provide superior shopping experience through real time insights into the buying behaviour of customers.
Tata Consultancy Services was up one per cent at Rs 2,588 while Wipro rose one per cent to Rs 567. Wipro said that the company's subsidiary Wipro Arabia has entered into a strategic partnership with Saudi-based Saudi Electricity Company, the largest power utility company in the Middle East serving about 5 million customers in Saudi Arabia. Tech Mahindra and HCL Techologies were up 0.24 per cent and one per cent at Rs 2,427 and Rs 1,626.
Capital goods stocks that gained include ABB (India) (up 6%), Bharat Heavy Electricals (up 2%), BEML (up 1%), Bharat Electronics (up 1.19%), Crompton Greaves (up 4%), L&T (up 0.25%), Punj Lloyd (up 0.26%) and Siemens (up 3%).
SAIL was down 2% to Rs 75.55 on unconfirmed news that the Government is likely to offer five per cent discount on stake sale slated between September 24 and 26.
Major gainers were Nalco (7%), ABB (6%), Pipava Dockyard (4%), Bajaj Fin Service (4%), Crompoten Greaves (4%), Infratel (4%), Andhra Bank (4%), J&K Bank (4%) and CESC (4%).
Prominent losers were Reliance Communication (-4%), Shriram City Union Finance (4%), IRB (-4%) and Indian Hotels (-3%).
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

Scotland will Remain a Part of the United Kingdom  Predicts GaneshaSpeaks.com.Scotland will Remain a Part of the United Kingdom  Predicts GaneshaSpeaks.com.
US may send ground troops  IS video threatens to kill themNew IS video warns US over Iraq deployment
AP
print
Hours after the US raised prospects of sending ground troops to fight Islamic State, the militant group released a video threatening to target them.
The 52-second video entitled 'Flames of War' shows militants blowing up tanks, wounded US soldiers and others about to killed.
It then shows a clip of Obama saying that combat troops will not return to Iraq, ending with a text overlay that reads "fighting has just begun."
The video's timing, released Tuesday, suggests it was a response to General Martin Dempsey, the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, who said in testimony to the Senate Armed Services Committee that if the current Iraq strategy doesn't prevail, he may recommend the use of ground troops.
American ground troops may be needed to battle Islamic State forces in the Middle East if President Barack Obama's current strategy fails, the nation's top military officer said Tuesday as Congress plunged into an election-year debate of Obama's plan to expand airstrikes and train Syrian rebels.
A White House spokesman said quickly the president "will not" send ground forces into combat, but General Martin Dempsey said Obama had personally told him to come back on a "case by case basis" if the military situation changed.
"To be clear, if we reach the point where I believe our advisers should accompany Iraqi troops on attacks against specific ISIL targets, I will recommend that to the president," Dempsey, the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, declared in testimony to the Senate Armed Services Committee. He referred to the militants by an alternative name.
Pressed later by Democratic Sen. Carl Levin, the panel's chairman, the four-star general said if Obama's current approach isn't enough to prevail, he might "go back to the president and make a recommendation that may include the use of ground forces."
Dempsey's testimony underscored the dilemma confronting many lawmakers as the House moves through its own debate on authorizing the Pentagon to implement the policy Obama announced last week.
In Iraq on Tuesday, the US continued its expanded military campaign, carrying out two airstrikes northwest of Irbil and three southwest of Baghdad. Democrats in Washington spoke of a fear that the United State might inevitably become dragged into yet another ground war on the heels of Afghanistan and Iraq.
"We must ... ask ourselves if we can truly 'vet' these rebel groups beyond their known affiliations, and ensure we are not arming the next extremist threat to the region and the world," said Democratic Rep. Pete Visclosky.
The same question came up at the Senate hearing, and Hagel said the US will monitor closely to ensure that weapons don't fall into the wrong hands. "We have come a long way" in our ability to vet the moderate opposition, and the US has learned a lot as it has funneled non-lethal aid to the rebels, Dempsey said.
House Republicans said they worried that Obama was responding tepidly to the current threat by terrorists who have overrun large sections of Iraq and Syria and beheaded two American journalists.
"If it's important enough to fight, it's important enough to win," said Republican Rep. Jack Kingston, one of the first lawmakers to address the subject in several hours of scheduled debate.
A vote was expected in the House on Wednesday, and in the Senate within days. In the Senate, Republican leader Mitch McConnell announced he would support the measure and Democratic leader Harry Reid predicted bipartisan approval.
The timetable was remarkably rapid by congressional standards, the result of a strong desire by lawmakers in both parties to adjourn quickly and return home to campaign for re-election.
Only seven weeks before voters go to the polls, most Republicans had little stomach to oppose Obama on a matter of national security, particularly when polls suggest he has the support of large segments of the public.
As a result, the likelihood was that Congress would swing behind his request, and then return for a fuller debate of his war strategy in a postelection session of Congress.
"I think there's a lot more that we need to be doing, but there's no reason for us not to do what the president asked us to do," said Speaker John Boehner, the leader of House Republicans.
Democratic Sen. Tim Kaine planned to introduce a one-year authorization for force against Islamic extremists that would limit the engagement of American ground troops, according to a draft obtained by The Associated Press.
The Syria legislation also drew support from Levin, an influential voice among Democrats on military matters. He is retiring, but fellow Democrat Jeanne Shaheen of New Hampshire, who is in a difficult re-election race, said she intended to back Obama's request.
Even so, she added it "would be a mistake" for Congress not to debate the issue in depth in the future. Dempsey and Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel fielded questions as Obama met in the Oval Office with retired Marine Gen. John Allen, who is coordinating international efforts to combat the Islamic State militants.
Later, White House press secretary Josh Earnest was asked about Dempsey's remark about ground troops. Obama "will not deploy ground troops in a combat role into Iraq or Syria," he said.
At the hearing, Republican Sen. John McCain seemed incredulous, saying the United States evidently intended to train Syrian rebels without anticipating they would be attacked from the air by forces loyal to President Bashar Assad, whom they are sworn to drive from power.
He asked how US forces would respond in the event Assad's air force bombed the US-trained forces. "We will help them, and we will support them," Hagel eventually said.
Republican Sen. Jim Inhofe posed a different hypothetical question, asking Dempsey if US forces will be prepared to mount search and rescue operations and "be prepared to put boots on the ground" if American pilots are shot down.
"Yes and yes," responded the general.
Dempsey said it would take three to five months to establish the training program, working with moderate Syrians who have been driven from their homes by Islamic militants.
An estimated two-thirds of the approximately 30,000 extremists are in Syria.

Sena taunts BJP after bypoll reversesSena taunts BJP after bypoll reverses
Agencies  Mumbai, September 17, 2014
First Published: 14:05 IST(17/9/2014) | Last Updated: 00:50 IST(18/9/2014)
Comments
The Shiv Sena on Wednesday took potshots at the BJP for the reverses suffered by it in the bypolls, saying it should learn a lesson and keep its "feet on the ground".
"In Lok Sabha polls, BJP made great strides in UP but now the bypoll results have been the opposite. This is a lesson for Maharashtra polls. It is a lesson for all. Don't take people for granted," an editorial in Sena mouthpiece Saamana said.
"People's minds are fickle. It is their decision. The bypoll results are lesson for October 15 Maharashtra Assembly polls. It is a lesson for all," the Sena said.
"Keep your feet on ground. Don't get swayed by the frenzy of victory (in the Lok Sabha polls). Only those who learn this lesson will win Maharashtra. Or else the public will do the needful," the Sena said.
The Sena's dig comes a day after the BJP was dealt a severe blow in its strongholds in Uttar Pradesh, Rajasthan and Gujarat when it lost 13 of the 23 seats held by it there while the Congress put up a surprise showing in two of these states in the Assembly by-elections.
The strong remarks in the Sena editorial are being construed as a warning for BJP to tone down its demand for more seats to contest in the Maharashtra polls. Presently the talks are stalemated after the BJP said both parties should contest equal number of seats.
But the Sena mouthpiece was soft on Modi: "The bypoll results should not be linked to the Modi wave. It should be noted that there is a difference between general and state elections." Modi is doing a great job at international level," it said.
"Who is to blame if the work done by Modi in 100 days hasn't percolated down," it said.
Swami Adityanath raised the 'love-jihad' issue but the bypoll results show that it did not have any impact, Sena said.
"Nobody should credit Sonia or Rahul Gandhi for Congress performance in the latest bypolls," it said. Similarly, nobody should also claim that the results are a mandate against Modi, it added.

IndiGo Inks $2.6-Billion Deal With Chinese BankApple $450 Million E-book Settlement Gets Final Court Approval
New Delhi: Indian and Chinese businesses on Wednesday inked agreements worth $3.43 billion, including the $2.6-billion deal between low-cost carrier IndiGo and Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Ltd (ICBC).
Under pact with Indigo, China's largest commercial bank ICBC will finance the no-frill airline's plans to purchase over 30 aircraft.
The announcement of memorandums of understanding (MoUs), signed at an India-China business meeting organised by Ficci, coincides with the visit of Chinese President Xi Jinping who arrived in Ahmedabad on Wednesday for a three-day visit to India.
The Gurgaon-based carrier signed the pact with the ICBC Financial Leasing Company Ltd to execute the deal.
"Through this MoU, Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Ltd (ICBC) will provide IndiGo financial solutions for the introduction of A320 and the other family of aircraft to the fleet in the form of sale and lease back or financial lease or commercial lending."
"The number of aircraft would be over 30 and the value of the deal would reach to the amount of $2.6 billion," IndiGo president Aditya Ghosh told reporters in Delhi.
Under the MoU, ICBC will provide financing for the planes through either a sale and leaseback, financial lease or commercial lending, Indigo said in a statement.
IndiGo, one of the few profitable airlines in the country, already has a relationship with ICBC and this new effort to further explore the collaboration will cement the relationship for the longer term, the statement said.
The no-frill carrier has 81 aircraft in its fleet at present.
The other agreements inked cover a range of sectors such as aircraft leasing and financing, telecom, chemicals, wind power components, cotton yarn and fabric, synthetic fibre and seafood.
Some of the other agreements signed include the one between Reliance Communications and Huawei Telecommunications (India) Co Pvt Ltd for 2G and 3G network expansion, and a 450 MW wind power spare parts purchasing agreement between Mingyang Wind Power andGlobal Wind Power.
Story first published on: September 17, 2014 18:52 (IST)

The UN says Brazil is now rich enough to feed itselfBrazil is now a food exporter.(Reuters/ Nacho Doce)
SHARE
Daniel A. Medina @dmedin11
September 17, 2014
Brazil reached a milestone on Tuesday in its long transformation into a global economic power: The United Nations finally removed the country from its World Hunger Map.
“Leaving the Hunger Map is a historic milestone for Brazil. We are very proud because overcoming hunger was a priority for the Brazilian state,” social development minister Tereza Campello said in a statement  (Portuguese).
According to the “State of Food Insecurity in the World” report , the number of undernourished Brazilians has fallen from 10.7% of the population in 2003 to less than 5% in 2014. The report attributed the success to a number of factors, most noticeably the country’s Zero Hunger Program, instituted by former President Lula da Silva in 2003. The program, the report noted, “placed food security and nutrition and social inclusion at the centre of the government’s agenda.”
Poverty, the FAO’s major indicator of a country’s progress toward meeting its nourishment goals, has fallen significantly in Brazil over the last decade, from 24.3% to 8.4% of the population. Extreme poverty dropped from 14% to 3.5% in that same time period. However, Brazil’s economic growth has slowed in recent years, from 7.5% in 2010 to an expected 1.5% in 2014.
Share this:

Mohinder Gupta is nominated as new President of AIRIAMohinder Gupta is nominated as new President of AIRIA
Our Bureau
Tweet
Kochi, Sept 17:  
Mohinder Gupta, Managing Director, Vinko Auto Industries Ltd has been nominated as the new President of All India Rubber Industries Association (AIRIA).
Ketan K Shah of Jai Hind Rubber, Mumbai has been nominated as Sr. Vice-President and Kamal K Chowdhury of Swastik Rubber Industries, Kolkata, has been nominated as Vice President of AIRIA for the year 2014-15 at the 62nd AGM of the association.
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

Shiv Sena set to defy BJP in Maharashtra Assembly pollsShiv Sena set to defy BJP, says will contest more seats in Maharashtra Assembly polls
PTI | Mumbai | Published:  Sep 17 2014, 18:48  IST
Sep 17 2014, 18:48  IST
 

Junk bond issuers lock in low costsJunk bond issuers lock in low costs
By Vivianne Rodrigues in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2fd343bc-3da7-11e4-8797-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rupee Ends Higher at 60.92Apple $450 Million E-book Settlement Gets Final Court Approval
New Delhi: Indian and Chinese businesses on Wednesday inked agreements worth $3.43 billion, including the $2.6-billion deal between low-cost carrier IndiGo and Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Ltd (ICBC).
Under pact with Indigo, China's largest commercial bank ICBC will finance the no-frill airline's plans to purchase over 30 aircraft.
The announcement of memorandums of understanding (MoUs), signed at an India-China business meeting organised by Ficci, coincides with the visit of Chinese President Xi Jinping who arrived in Ahmedabad on Wednesday for a three-day visit to India.
The Gurgaon-based carrier signed the pact with the ICBC Financial Leasing Company Ltd to execute the deal.
"Through this MoU, Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Ltd (ICBC) will provide IndiGo financial solutions for the introduction of A320 and the other family of aircraft to the fleet in the form of sale and lease back or financial lease or commercial lending."
"The number of aircraft would be over 30 and the value of the deal would reach to the amount of $2.6 billion," IndiGo president Aditya Ghosh told reporters in Delhi.
Under the MoU, ICBC will provide financing for the planes through either a sale and leaseback, financial lease or commercial lending, Indigo said in a statement.
IndiGo, one of the few profitable airlines in the country, already has a relationship with ICBC and this new effort to further explore the collaboration will cement the relationship for the longer term, the statement said.
The no-frill carrier has 81 aircraft in its fleet at present.
The other agreements inked cover a range of sectors such as aircraft leasing and financing, telecom, chemicals, wind power components, cotton yarn and fabric, synthetic fibre and seafood.
Some of the other agreements signed include the one between Reliance Communications and Huawei Telecommunications (India) Co Pvt Ltd for 2G and 3G network expansion, and a 450 MW wind power spare parts purchasing agreement between Mingyang Wind Power andGlobal Wind Power.
Story first published on: September 17, 2014 18:52 (IST)

US Stocks Rise Slightly in Opening TradeAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

RBI eases issuance norms of equity shares un...RBI eases norms for issuance of equity shares under FDI
PTI Sep 17, 2014, 07.44PM IST
Tags:
ECB
( Easing foreign direct…)
MUMBAI: Easing foreign direct investment (FDI) norms, Reserve Bank has allowed companies to issue equity shares to a resident outside India against any type of fund subject to certain conditions.
RBI reviewed the extant guidelines for issue of shares or convertible debentures under the automatic route and has permitted issue of equity shares against any fund payable by the investee company, remittance of which does not require prior permission of the government or RBI.
RBI said the "equity shares shall be issued in accordance with the extant FDI guidelines on sectoral caps, pricing guidelines and the issue of equity shares under this provision shall be subject to tax laws as applicable to the funds payable and the conversion to equity should be net of applicable taxes."
Earlier, an Indian company under the automatic route could issue shares/convertible debentures to a person resident outside India against lump-sum technical know-how fee, royalty External Commercial Borrowings (other than import dues deemed as ECB or Trade Credit) and import payables of capital goods by units in Special Economic Zones.
The guidelines allow issuance of shares subject to certain conditions like entry route, sectoral cap, pricing guidelines and compliance with the applicable tax laws.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Modi bonds and does business with Xi in AhmedabadXi in Delhi; talks today with Modi on bilateral trade, border
HT Correspondents , Hindustan Times  Ahmedabad/ New Delhi, September 17, 2014
First Published: 18:48 IST(17/9/2014) | Last Updated: 09:22 IST(18/9/2014)
Comments
China's President Xi Jinping will hold talks with Prime Minister Narendra Modi in New Delhi on Thursday, the second day of his visit to the country.
President Xi Jinping was given a ceremonial reception at the Rashtrapati Bhavan in the morning . He will then visit the Samadhi of Mahatma Gandhi at Rajghat, and then call on External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj.
Prime Minister Modi and President Xi will then hold bi-lateral discussions following which both the leaders will make a media statement at Hyderabad House.
On Wednesday, China's president Xi Jinping arrived to a lavish welcome in Ahmedabad, kicking off a three-day visit aimed at rebooting ties with massive Chinese investments in India, especially in infrastructure.
The choice of Ahmedabad as Xi's first stop in India, rather than New Delhi, marked a departure from protocol that many see as part of an effort to put a positive gloss on bilateral ties that still suffer from lingering distrust, despite growing trade.
Xi, accompanied by his wife Peng Liyuan and a delegation of senior party and government officials, was received by Modi at the Hyatt hotel, where Modi was waiting for him at the porch and greeted him with a long and warm handshake.
The two leaders then had a brief meeting followed by the signing of three memoranda of understanding (MoUs).
Chinese President Xi Jinping receives warm welcome in Ahmedabad
The MoUs included one on setting up of an industrial park in Gujarat and another to make Guangzhou and Ahmedabad sister cities. By the end of Xi's trip, Chinese investments totalling some $100 billion, particularly in modernising Indian railways, are expected to be announced.
Shortly after, Modi and Xi, both dressed in informal, half-sleeved jackets, met at the Sabarmati Ashram, where the prime minster personally guided the president through an exhibition on Gandhi's life.
 
Xi paid respects to a Gandhi statue with a namaste. The two leaders sat on the floor next to a charkha, and through the tour, continued to engage in a conversation--sometimes with interpreters and sometimes on their own. The president was also given gifts by the ashram.
The two then went for a walk on the Sabarmati riverfront.
 
Thereafter, men and women in traditional Gujarati dresses performed some folk dance and music in front of the Chinese guests. Xi and Modi, who turned 64 on Wednesday, were later headed to a lavish vegetarian dinner.
 
Xi travels to Delhi Wednesday evening and the two sides will hold delegation level talks on Thursday.
 
The day was marked many novelties--of a Chinese head of state starting a bilateral visit from Gujarat, of an Indian PM not only receiving him outside Delhi  but both leaders witnessing official agreements between the two countries outside Delhi, of a PM personally guiding a president of China, unhurriedly, through Gandhi's ashram, and a dinner with Gujarati vegetarian delicacies that Xi, Ahmedabad hopes, would remember for a long time.
 
Earlier in the day, Wang Hejun, economic and commercial counselor of the Chinese embassy in India, said China and India would sign a $6.8 billion deal to establish two industrial parks aimed at reducing trade imbalances.  
That came on the back of news that Indian carrier IndiGo had signed a $2.6 billion deal with the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (ICBC) for the lender to finance more than 30 new aircraft.
Read: Indigo inks $2.6 bn leasing deal with Chinese bank
 
Besides investments, India is banking on China's track record at building highways, railways, and industrial zones to upgrade its creaky infrastructure. India is also eager to address the imbalance in their annual trade, which now totals around $65 billion but is skewed toward imports of Chinese electrical equipment and parts.
 
But their ties are tested by a decades-old border dispute and fears of China's growing military and economic might. Earlier this week, Xi visited Sri Lanka and Maldives, both traditional allies of India who have unnerved New Delhi by growing closer to Beijing.
 
Modi appeared to be unbothered by those visits, alluding Tuesday to ancient Sino-Indian ties dating back to a Chinese Buddhist monk, Xuan Zang, who spent time in Modi's village in Gujarat in 600 AD.
Read: India-China ties under the Mahatma’s shadow
 
In another wrinkle ahead of Xi's trip, India on Monday extended a $100-million export credit for defence deals to Vietnam and tightened energy ties with the country, which has strained ties with China, over an increasingly ugly territorial dispute in the South China Sea.
Besides, the presence in India of Dalai Lama, who Beijing calls a splitist, continues to a source of tension between the two countries. Police detained a small group of Tibetan protesters from outside China's embassy in Delhi on Wednesday. Other Tibetans were held in Gujarat.
 

Quikr raises $60 mn from Tiger GlobalQuikr raises $60 mn from Tiger Global
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 17:  
Leading online classifieds portal Quikr has raised $60 million (Rs 360 crore) in fresh round led by venture capital firm Tiger Global Management, which is an investor in leading online market place Flipkart. Quikr’s current investors include Kinnevik, Matrix Partners India, Nokia Growth Partners, Norwest Venture Partners, Omidyar Network, Warburg Pincus and eBay Inc. The new funding will be used by the company to invest in product development as well as further expansion of its fast growing mobile business.
“The explosive growth in mobile Internet is fundamentally reshaping the Indian classified Internet market, and we are well positioned to be at the forefront of this growth,” said Pranay Chulet, Founder and CEO of Quikr in a statement today. “This funding round is a powerful validation of our local knowledge and connections, skilled execution and quality management team. We are excited to welcome Tiger Global to Quikr as we continue to further grow our platform”.
Quikr is a large-scale cross-category online classifieds business with more than 30 million monthly consumer and small businesses users in 940 cities. These consumers come to Quikr to sell, buy, rent or find products and services in a variety of categories such as electronics and household goods, real estate, cars, bikes and employment and other services.
“Quikr has grown rapidly to become one of India’s major classifieds players with a deep understanding of the local market,” said Lee Fixel, Partner at Tiger Global Management. “By leveraging the company’s strengths as a local player, Quikr has seized a tremendous opportunity in a rapidly growing market. We look forward to supporting the Quikr team.”
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

Narendra Modi announces 11 welfare schemes of Gujarat government for BPL categoryE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Sun Pharma  Merck enter into pact for Tildra...Sun Pharma, Merck & Co Inc enter into pact for Tildrakizumab
PTI Sep 17, 2014, 07.59PM IST
Tags:
Iain D Dukes
(Under terms of the agreement,…)
NEW DELHI: Pharma major Sun Pharmaceutical Industries today entered into a licensing agreement with Merck & Co Inc for investigational therapeutic antibody candidate, Tildrakizumab to be used for treatment of plaque psoriasis.
Under terms of the agreement, Sun Pharma will acquire worldwide rights to Tildrakizumab for use in all human indications from Merck in exchange for an upfront payment of $ 80 million, the companies said in a joint statement.
Tildrakizumab is being evaluated in Phase III registration trials for the treatment of chronic plaque psoriasis, a skin ailment.
"Merck will continue all clinical development and regulatory activities, which will be funded by Sun Pharma. Upon product approval, Sun Pharma will be responsible for regulatory activities, including subsequent submissions, pharmacovigilance, post approval studies, manufacturing and commercialisation of the approved product," it added.
Merck is eligible to receive undisclosed payments associated with regulatory (including product approval) and sales milestones, as well as tiered royalties ranging from mid-single digit through "teen percentage" rates on sales, the joint statement said.
Commenting on the development, Merck Research Laboratories Business Development and Licensing Senior Vice President Iain D Dukes said: "We are pleased to enter into this agreement with Sun Pharma to help realise the potential of Tildrakizumab for patients with chronic plaque psoriasis."
This is consistent with company's previously announced global initiative to sharpen it's commercial and R&D focus, including prioritising the late stage pipeline candidates, he added.
Sun Pharma Business Development Senior Vice President Kirti Ganorkar said: "This collaboration is a part of our strategy towards building our pipeline of innovative dermatology products in a market with strong growth potential."
The transaction is subject to customary closing conditions, including the requirements under the Hart Scott- Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act, the statement said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

LG launches smartphone  G3 Beat  for Rs 25k ...You are here: Home > Collections
LG launches smartphone 'G3 Beat' for Rs 25,000 in India
PTI Sep 17, 2014, 07.48PM IST
Tags:
android
(The handset, which supports 4G/LTE network,…)
NEW DELHI: Korean electronics major LG today expanded its smartphone portfolio with the launch of its new 'G3 Beat', priced at Rs 25,000 in India.
"The consumer today wants the best of the features at an affordable price and with G3 beat, LG is offering one of the best device with premium features in this price range. After the successful launch of LG G3, we are now offering its sibling to our customers," LG Mobiles India Marketing Head Amit Gujral said.
With the recent launches of smartphones from the G3 family, LG India is targetting to achieve 10 per cent market share in the smartphone category by the end of 2014.
With a 5-inch HD IPS display, the device features Snapdragon 1.2 GHz quad core processor, Android 4.4.2 Kit Kat operating system, 1GB RAM and 8GB memory.
The handset, which supports 4G/LTE network, sports 8MP rear and 1.3MP front camera and 2,540mAh removable battery.
"The LG G3 Beat represents our commitment to the mid-tier smartphone market that demands mature technology, proven performance, great innovation and an attractive price, all in a single device," LG Electronics India MD Swoon Koon said.
The LG G3 Beat was developed to address the growing low- to mid-tier segment of smartphone customers who want a great device that is more compact but still powerful enough to run the most popular apps, he added.
Launched in July, the flagship smartphone LG G3 was unveiled as part of the company's efforts to grow its revenues almost three-fold this year.
LG India expects to exceed its target of Rs 2,000 crore in revenues from smartphones in India this year from Rs 800 crore in 2013.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Daily Shows Jon Stewart rips Joe Scarborough for ripping Hillary ClintonBy Erik Wemple September 17 Follow @ErikWemple
The U.S. media have been in a bind for some time now vis-a-vis Hillary Rodham Clinton: They know that she will run for president, but they can’t report that with certainty just yet. So they’re reduced to repeating the lame dodges and tame policy pronouncements that have trickled from the tour for her book “ Hard Choices, ” which got underway this past spring. Media attention to Clinton surged this past weekend during the likely candidate’s visit to Iowa Sen. Tom Harkin’s 37th steak fry .
In a riff on last night’s “Daily Show,” Comedy Central’s Jon Stewart took aim at the frustration bubbling in at least one high-profile media precinct. Joe Scarborough, name partner in the MSNBC program “Morning Joe,” criticized Clinton for again talking around her ambitions: “Do it or don’t do it. What Hillary Clinton has done over the past year or so is why Americans hate politics. You go around on a glorified book tour where you say absolutely nothing. You want people [to] ask you to run president so you can say we’re not running for president, we don’t know yet. Then you go to these stupid events. I don’t want to see you eating steak. If you’re gonna run, just say you’re gonna run and stop playing games.”
Oh, but games aren’t foreign to Scarborough, as Stewart noted. The MSNBC host, after all, went on something of a tour for his own book, “ The Right Path: From Ike to Reagan, How Republicans Once Mastered Politics–and Can Again. ” Scarborough’s appearances in support of his opus, noted the comedian, had a “presidential campaign patina,” as when he told radio host Hugh Hewitt that he “won’t rule anything out” in terms of his own presidential ambitions. Stewart mocked him, “If you’re gonna run, just say you’re gonna run and stop playing games.”
Scarborough’s frustration is misplaced, to say the least. If he doesn’t want to see Hillary Rodham Clinton eat steak, he doesn’t have to look. If he doesn’t want to hear another cutesy, non-committal statement on the presidency, he doesn’t have to listen. And if Clinton is really saying nothing at these outings, “Morning Joe” doesn’t need to cover them.
Erik Wemple writes the Erik Wemple blog, where he reports and opines on media organizations of all sorts.

Certainty is fools goldBy Jennifer Rubin September 17 Follow @JRubinBlogger
With the Quinnipiac poll from Iowa showing Joni Ernst up 6 points and reaching 50 percent against Bruce Braley (and the GOP gubernatorial nominee ahead by a stunning 10 points) we are reminded of the volatility of day-to-day polls. Moreover, not all pollsters and polls are equal. Quinnipiac is nonpartisan, but there are a raft of partisan polling and robo-calling polls that are of little value and add “noise” to poll indices.
Joni Ernst, the Republican nominee for the U.S. Senate, poses for a photo in Des Moines, Iowa, on Wednesday, August 6, 2014. (Nikki Kahn/The Washington Post)
This is why many analysts return to more basic indicators of a midterm election — the incumbent president’s popularity, the sixth year itch, and the economy. Looked at from that perspective the news is grim for Democrats, as the New York Times/CBS poll confirms :
New York Times/CBS News poll shows that President Obama’s approval ratings are similar to those of President George W. Bush in 2006 when Democrats swept both houses of Congress in the midterm elections.
A deeply unpopular Republican Party is nonetheless gaining strength heading into the midterms, as the American public’s frustration with Mr. Obama has manifested itself in low ratings for his handling of foreign policy and terrorism.
The generic ballot question, which measures national sentiment for the House of Representatives vote, shows a notable swing of voters toward the Republican Party and away from Democrats. Voters’ dissatisfaction with their own representatives has hit a high as nearly two-thirds say they are ready to throw their own representatives out of office.
Republican candidates are further buoyed by the fact that voters trust their party over the Democrats to better handle some issues voters consider to be the most important. The economy ranks at the top of that list followed by health care, terrorism and immigration. The Republican Party easily tops the Democratic Party in handling the economy, terrorism and foreign policy while voters are about evenly divided between the two parties on immigration.
With the president at 40 percent approval and the generic poll now at plus 7 for the Republicans it doesn’t seem like the GOP is fading.
So what does all of this tell us? First, just about every one of these fundamental factors looks favorable to the GOP, but they don’t tell us precisely how many seats will flip to the GOP. Individual candidates and races do matter, as we see in the Iowa race where Braley has turned out to be unexpectedly horrible. (Kansas is trickier: Although incumbent Republican Pat Roberts is doing poorly at the moment, the independent Greg Orman says he will caucus with the majority party, which will be the GOP if it picks up 6 other seats.) In general, Republicans are pleased with their crop of nominees, much more so than in 2008 and 2012. And finally, there are a lot of news cycles between now and the election cycle. With less than seven weeks to go, candidates have time to cement a lead or fumble it away.
While the media love to keep interest high and the final outcome to be in doubt (and, conservatives believe, to help Democrats keep the Senate), following the day to day polls, especially those with questionable pedigree, can be less than illuminating. If you believe that fundamentals ultimately reflect where the race is headed then the GOP can breath a sigh of relief. But it is also true that simply because a great number of seats are in play doesn’t mean a net six seats or more will finally tilt the GOP’s way. In short, the search for certainty nearly seven weeks before an election with so many competitive race is going to come up short.
Jennifer Rubin writes the Right Turn blog for The Post, offering reported opinion from a conservative perspective.

Projecting the Nats playoff roster3. Doug Fister
4. Gio Gonzalez
It’s not Tanner Roark’s fault. He has gone 14-10 with a 2.85 ERA and left no doubt he was one of the Nationals’ four best starters this season. But will he be one of their best starters going forward? Roark has thrown 192 1/3 innings, about 30 more than he ever has in a professional season before. He hasn’t faded – since Aug. 1, he has a 3.12 ERA. But Williams has hesitated to stick with him late in games. Roark also has experience out of the bullpen, and his versatility and moxie make him an ideal, break-glass-in-case-of-emergency long reliever.
Roark deserved the honor of starting the Nationals’ clincher, a tribute to how much he meant to the pitching staff all season and how far he has come as a pitcher. He also deserves to be in the postseason rotation. But it’s not about who deserves what.
Gonzalez has not been one of the Nationals’ best four starters this year, but he would give the Nationals their only left-handed starter, and track record matters. He has still been one of the five or six best left-handed pitchers in baseball over the last five seasons. He has also gained confidence and rounded into form as he gets further removed from his disabled list stint, posting a 2.84 ERA in his last five starts.
It should be noted that as the Nationals’ ace in 2012, Gonzalez faltered. He allowed seven walks in a Game 1 victory that required constant escape. In Game 5, Gonzalez was given a 6-0 lead and could not last past the fifth inning, leaving with the lead whittled to 6-3.
Strasburg will likely get the ball first because has the highest ceiling of any Nationals starter. The Nationals have treated him as their unquestioned ace all season – he started opening day; he has been allowed to try to pitch out of jams late in starts; the Nationals rejiggered their rotation to let him start the first game after the all-star break. He has also been on fire lately, using more fastballs inside and seemingly grasping a better understanding of himself every start. In his past four outings, Strasburg has struck out 28, walked none and posted a 1.69 ERA.
After Strasburg, Williams faces a tricky choice between all-star Jordan Zimmermann and Doug Fister, the Nationals’ best pitcher for most of the season, as the Game 2 starter. Really, there is not a bad answer. Everything will and should be considered.
Williams should look to match Fister against an opposing right-handed starter. The logic: Fister is more reliant on his defense than any other Nationals pitcher. If the Nationals face a lefty starter, Ryan Zimmerman will likely be in the lineup, which would give the Nationals their best offense but not their best defense.
Fister’s style could also come into play in regard to pitching him at home or on the road. Some infields are considered fast and some have longer grass that makes them slow. The quick infields would put Fister at a disadvantage, because the gobs of grounders he induces would have a better chance at sneaking into the outfield. Nationals Park is regarded as one of the best infields in baseball in terms producing true hops. The conditions in the opposing stadium may influence whether the Nationals want Fister pitching at home and on the road.
BULLPEN

CRPF jawan killed  DC injured in encounter withMaoistsPrint
PTI | Jamshedpur | Posted: September 17, 2014 8:35 pm
A CRPF jawan of the specialised COBRA unit was killed and a Deputy Commandant injured in a fierce encounter with Maoists at Chiklam village in Jharkhand’s Naxal-hit Ghatsila sub-division today.
DIG (Kolhan Range, Jharkhand) Md Nehal said police had received information that a huge Maoist squad had entered the village from the dense Dalma forest last night.
CRPF forces and District Armed Police (DAP) from Jharkhand together with a Cobra unit, CRPF 69 battalion personnel, CISF and police officials from Jhargram in West Bengal launched a joint operation cordoning off the village since early morning, DIG (Kolhan Range) and Sub-divisional Police Officer, Jhargram, Vivek Varma said.
The encounter began at 5 AM and continued till 8 AM with almost 200 rounds fired by the security forces. Intermittent exchange of fire between the Maoists and the police continued even afterwards, the SDPO said. Varma said security forces had cordoned off the area but had not yet commenced flushing out operations as the rebels were still holed up in the village.
Senior Superintendent of Police East Singhbhum, Amol V Homkar said the Deputy Commandant (Cobra battalion) Alok Kumar was injured in the Maoist firing and airlifted to a hospital in Ranchi.
Casualty on the Maoist side was not immediately known, the official said.

Assam ex-DGP Barua was an upright officer: TarunGogoiPrint
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: September 17, 2014 8:16 pm | Updated: September 17, 2014 8:30 pm
Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi on Wednesday deeply mourned the tragic demise of former state DGP Shankar Barua who ended his life by committing suicide after his name was implicated in the sensational multi-crore Saradha chit fund scam.
ALSO READ:  Linked to Saradha scam, Assam ex-DGP Shankar Barua commits suicide
Terming the demise of Barua as ‘unfortunate’, chief minister Gogoi said, “He was an upright and efficient police officer who discharged his duties conscientiously and assiduously.” Barua had shot himself at his residence here on Wednesday afternoon.
Barua’s last rites were performed at the Navagraha cremation ground here on Wednesday evening, with his two sons lighting the pyre. His eldest son Kaushik Barua is a Delhi-based writer who had won the Sahitya Akademi Yuva Puraskar in the English language category for his novel ‘Wild Horse.’
Earlier, officials of the state government including those of the Assam Police paid tributes to his mortal remains at the 4th Assam Police Battalion headquarters at Kahilipara where his body was taken after conducting the post-mortem examination. State chief secretary Jitesh Khosla laid a wreath on behalf of chief minister Gogoi. The Assam Police also gave a gun salute. (ends)

Imran Khan calls for Day of Deliverance on Friday  Nawaz SharifdefiantPress Trust of India | Islamabad | Posted: September 17, 2014 8:14 pm
Pakistan government and protesters were once again headed on collision course with Imran Khan declaring Friday as a ‘Day of Deliverance’ and a defiant Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif on Thursday saying he will not resign on the wishes of a few thousand.
The country’s political crisis deepened with a murder case registered against Prime Minister Sharif, his ministers and other top officials last night for their alleged involvement in the killing of anti-government protesters.
At least three people were killed and over 500 injured in clashes with police on August 30 after Pakistan Tehreek-i- Insaf Chairman Khan and cleric Tahir-ul-Qadri of the Pakistan Awami Tehreek asked their supporters to march towards Sharif’s official residence. PAT had approached the court for registering of the case.
Khan announced late last night that Friday would be marked as ‘Go Nawaz Go’ Day and a ‘Day of Deliverance’. The cricketer-turned-politician, while addressing supporters in front of the Parliament, said he would continue the protest movement till Sharif resigns.
With Imran stepping up pressure on the government, Qadri also reiterated PAT’s demand for Sharif’s resignation. The PAT chief said Sharif and his close aides, booked for murder charges, should be arrested immediately. “If not today, then tomorrow they will be hanged,” Qadri said.
Prime Minister Sharif, while speaking at a public event in the Punjab province, said the entire nation had a unanimous view of pursuing a democratic path with only a few people pursuing negative politics that posed a serious threat to national development.
“Why should Nawaz Sharif and Shahbaz Sharif resign on the demand of five thousand people,” the Prime Minister said, adding that he was sure the nation would stand by them. “The entire Parliament is on one side and a single party stands alone on the other (demanding resignation),” he said. Sharif highlighted that the government had shown a lot of patience in dealing with the Islamabad sit-ins.
“It is not hard to clear the containers and protesters, but we have shown patience in this regard,” Sharif said. Meanwhile, Jamaat-e-Islami (JI) chief Sirajul Haq said negotiations with protesting parties — PTI and PAT — and the government will begin on Thursday.
“I have been in contact with members of various other political parties, and we have decided that negotiations with the rulers and the protesting parties will begin again tomorrow,” Haq said while addressing the media. Khan wants Sharif’s ouster over alleged rigging in last year’s poll which his party lost, while Qadri wants to bring a revolution in the country. They are agitating since August 14, demanding Sharif’s ouster.

Top Saudi clerics issue edict againstterrorismPrint
AP | Riyadh | Posted: September 17, 2014 8:08 pm
Saudi Arabia’s highest body of religious scholars has issued a religious ruling calling terrorism a “heinous crime” and saying perpetrators including Islamic State militants deserve punishment according to Islamic law.
The Council of Senior Religious Scholars said after its meeting today that it backs the kingdom’s efforts to track down people who follow not just the Islamic State group, but also al-Qaida and the Shiite Hawthi rebel group in Yemen.
It says authorities have to track down instigators of conflict because they commit “one of the greatest sins” which is disobeying the ruler.
The council’s scholars are government appointed and seen as guardians of the kingdom’s ultraconservative Wahhabi school of Islam.
The Saudi king earlier this year called on scholars to speak out more aggressively against terrorism.

Joe Biden stepped in it. Again.Comments
By Jeff Simon September 17 Follow @jjsimonWP
Vice President Biden, speaking to the Legal Services Corporation on Tuesday, described a group of bankers as "shylocks," a characterization that was quickly denounced by the Anti-Defamation League. (The Washington Post)
"No one ever doubts that I mean what I say," Vice President Joe Biden told a group of lawyers in a speech before the Legal Services Corporation . "The problem is I sometimes say all that I mean."
The crowd laughed. Then, less than 20 minutes later, he made a remark that was promptly condemned as a "medieval stereotype about Jews" by the Anti-Defamation League.
Biden said soldiers would approach his son, Delaware Attorney General Beau Biden (D), while he was serving a tour of duty in Iraq, and tell him about their experiences navigating the toxic housing market back home.
“People would come to him and talk about what was happening to them at home in terms of foreclosures, in terms of bad loans that were being — I mean, these Shylocks who took advantage of these women and men while overseas,” Biden said.
Shylock is the main character of the Shakespearean play "Merchant of Venice" -- an unrelenting Jewish banker of sorts best known for demanding a "pound of flesh" as repayment for a loan.
“Shylock represents the medieval stereotype about Jews and remains an offensive characterization to this day," ADL national director Abraham Foxman said in a statement, first reported by Yahoo News. "The Vice President should have been more careful."
Update 11:19 a.m.: Biden has now apologized, calling his comments " a poor choice of words ."
Update 3:07 p.m.: Apparently Biden has now done it again, making a reference to "The Orient."

CAFIT Square inaugurationTweet
Kochi, September 17:  
CAFIT Square, the mini IT Park set up by the Calicut Forum for IT (CAFIT), a self-funded independent technology movement, will be inaugurated by Chief Minister Oommen Chandy on Saturday.
Minister for Social Welfare MK Muneer will preside over the function and Additional Chief Secretary and Managing Director of KSIDC Aruna Sundararajan will deliver the keynote address.
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

Air India suspends pilot  ten cabin crew members for indisciplineE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Why Flipkart  Amazon  Snapdeal are facing traders  ireLow prices at Flipkart, Amazon, Snapdeal irk traders
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 17, 2014  | 23:18 IST
IT and telecom products traders' association ADCTA on Wednesday asked its about 25,000 members across country to stop supplying goods to e-commerce portals and retailers if they sell any product below the price at which they have originally purchased it.
"A few companies namely Flipkart, Snapdeal and Amazon etc are selling the goods through Internet. In most of the cases, these companies are selling fast moving goods at a much lesser price than purchase price. ADCTA advises dealers/distributors/suppliers to stop supplying goods to online companies in case these companies offer the same product less than purchase price," ADCTA said in statement.
Many technology products such as mobile phones, tablet are available online at lesser price than in retail stores, impacting adversely their business by traders.
When contacted an Amazon India spokesperson said: "We are a marketplace. We do not determine prices. Our sellers decide what to sell on our platform and at what price points."
A Flipkart spokesperson said: "The prices on our site are decided by our sellers. As a marketplace, we simply facilitate a platform where the sellers can connect with potential customers."
The All Delhi Computer Traders Association Joint Secretary Swarn Singh alleged that some of the retailers have partnered with e-commerce firms to supply them product at prices lesser than product's landing cost in the country and e-commerce firms bear the differential cost.
"We are channel partners. Almost all sales in retail market happens through us. We are aware of landing price of product at customs. ADCTA has written to government agencies to investigate in the matter," Singh said.
No comments could be obtained from Snapdeal.

Live Cricket Score  CLT20  KKR vs CSK: CSK lose Raina  Du Plessis in a hurry against KKRRyan ten Doeschate struck a fine unbeaten 51 to guide IPL champions Kolkata Knight Riders to a seven-wicket win over Chennai Super Kings. (Source: BCCI)
Press Trust of India | Hyderabad | Posted: September 17, 2014 6:31 pm | Updated: September 18, 2014 12:21 pm
Andre Russell smashed a breathtaking half century while Ryan ten Doeschate struck a fine unbeaten 51 to guide IPL champions Kolkata Knight Riders to a three-wicket win over Chennai Super Kings in a Group A match of the Oppo Champions League Twenty20, in Hyderabad on Thursday.
Chasing a competitive 158 for win, KKR were in trouble after slumping to 51 for five inside 10 overs.
But Russell (58 off 25) and Ten Doeschate shared match-winning 80 runs for the sixth wicket off just 42 balls to keep KKR afloat.
After Russell’s dismissal, Ten Doeshchate took the onus on himself to guide KKR home and managed to achieve that with six balls to spare.
KKR’s chase, however, started on a horrendous note as they lost their first four wickets inside the 30-run mark.
Left-arm pacer Ashish Nehra (4/21) was the wrecker in chief for KKR. He accounted for the wickets of KKR skipper Gautam Gambhir, Manish Pandey and Manvinder Bisla in quick succession to rattle CSK.
In fact, Nehra was on the verge of a hat-trick as he dismissed Gambhir and Pandey in consecutive balls in the third over.
Yusuf Pathan too failed to sparkle as he edged a Mohit Sharma delivery to Faf du Plessiss in the first slip in the fourth over.
Young Suryakumar Yadav started brightly with a 17-ball 19 before he was caught by Ravichandran Ashwin off Ravindra Jadeja in the ninth over with KKR scoreboard reading 51 for five in nine overs.
But Ten Doeshchate and Russell had other plans as they started cautiously to build up the chase before opening up. Russell was the aggressive among the duo as he laced his knock with four boundaries and five huge sixes. Ten Doeschate, on the other hand, played the second fiddle and struck three fours and two hits over the fence during his unbeaten knock.
Russell was at his attacking best as he struck two massive sixes of Mohit Sharma in the 16th over to not only bring KKR closer but also bring up his half century in style.
Russell added salt to Mohit and CSK’s wounds by finishing off the over with a boundary to score 18 runs off the 16th over.
Just when it seemed Russell’s pyrotechnics would take the game away from CSK, Nehra cleaned up the West Indian with a gem of an yorker to pick up his fourth wicket of the day and bring his side back into the game.
But Ten Doeschate kept a calm head and guided KKR home in exactly 19 overs in Piyush Chawla’s company.
Earlier, CSK rode on late bursts from skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni and Dwayne Bravo to post a fighting 157 for four.
With CSK in a spot of bother at 86 for four in 12.3 overs, Dhoni and Bravo joined hands to pull the team out of trouble with an unbeaten 71-run partnership off just 45 balls.
Dhoni finished the innings unbeaten on 35 off 20 balls with the help of three fours and two sixes, while Bravo decorated his unconquered run-a-ball 28-run knock with two boundaries and as many hits over the fence.
Sent into bat, CSK were off to a quick start with the opening pair of Dwayne Smith and Brendon McCullum sharing 37 runs runs off 24 balls.
Smith’s 20-run knock off 13 balls was laced with four boundaries before he was caught behind off leg-spinner Chawla (2/26).
McCullum (22 off 19) followed suit as he was struck plumb in front of the wicket by part-time spinner Pathan (1/16) while attempting a reverse sweep.
With CSK in a spot of bother at 49 for two in 6.4 overs, Suresh Raina took the onus on himself to resurrect his side’s innings in the company of Du Plessiss.
The duo added 35 runs for the third wicket before Raina was adjudged LBW off Sunil Narine (1/9) in the 12th over with CSK’s score reading 84 for three.
With KKR producing a disciplined bowling effort in the middle overs, the CSK batsmen found it difficult to score runs easily.
CSK’s problems compounded further when Du Plessiss departed in the 13th over to give Chawla his second wicket of the day.
With runs hard to come by off the spinners, CSK batsmen waited for the pacers to open up.
They finally did when a gutsy Dwayne Bravo opened up against Umesh Yadav and punished the pacer for two fours in the 14th over.
Inspired by Bravo’s strokeplay, Dhoni too opened his arms and smashed Russell for two fours to pick up 12 runs in the 15th over.
With overs running out, it was desperate times for CSK batsmen and young Pat Cummins became the victim when Bravo clobbered the pacer for two sixes in the 17th over that yielded 21 runs.
Cummins was once again at the firing line as Dhoni whacked the bowler over deep midwicket boundary for a six in the penultimate over.
Dhoni took Umesh Yadav for task and struck a four and a humongous six off the last ball to finish off the innings in style.
Ten Doeschate kept a calm head and guided KKR home in exactly 19 overs in Chawla's company.

Gas price review panel submits reportGas price review panel submits report
Sun Pharma  Merck enter into pact for TildrakizumabSun Pharma  Merck enter into pact for Tildrakizumab
Vibrant Gujarat culture  cuisine on display as Xi arrives in India (Roundup)Vibrant Gujarat culture  cuisine on display as Xi arrives in India (Roundup)
Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance announces helpline number for J&K flood victimsBajaj Allianz Life Insurance announces helpline number for J&K flood victims
RBI eases norms for issuance of equity shares under FDIRBI eases norms for issuance of equity shares under FDI
Polson: Outcome of board meetingPolson: Outcome of board meeting
US Justice Dept demands drug pricing info from RanbaxyHi Guest
US Justice Dept demands drug pricing info from Ranbaxy
Ranbaxy Laboratories on Wednesday said the US Department of Justice has demanded information relating to the manner in which the company reports pricing data for certain products eligible for reimbursement under the Medicaid programme. The company has received a Civil Investigative Demand from the US Department of Justice, Ranbaxy Laboratories said in a filing to the BSE. Ranbaxy, which has been penalised by the US authorities in the past, said the CID is a request for documents and information ...

The grapevine has it  the idea for a manipulated lc has been shelved f...Platinum Member
139 Followers
Not an insider information but true:- They are all planning for two to three LCs with an underlying specific motto. The modus operandhi will be known after some time/days. In the even of projected LCs happen, one should be ready with funds to buy at any cost. Best buy below Rs. 49 and will give 450% gain shortly. Sincere advise is to hold on with your holdings tigly during those temporary phenomenon. Doesnt matter if it occurs fall in prices, use this an opportunity to buy.
7.25 PM Sep 16th

Thank god  aftek is still trading; big brother teledata disappeared......Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Bar ban effect: As losses mount  Kerala govt jacks up taxes on liquor  cigarettesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Total foreign remittance to Kerala worth Rs 72 680 croreE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Yes  you can afford an assistantHire your own personal assistant
By  Jemima Sissons
Read more about these links.
(Thinkstock)
Chief executives the world over will be the first to tell you that a great personal assistant is priceless.
Priceless to the point where a good PA can earn as much as $125,000 per year in the US, £100,000 ($161,000) in London and HK$600,000 ($77,414) in Hong Kong, according to PA recruiting firm, The Angela Mortimer Group.
Related
Secrets to saving on glasses
PAs, after all, have a big job. They manage executives’ day-to-day affairs, book travel and dinner reservations and even schedule much of their personal life. They also play a role in executives’ personal lives, from spreadsheeting the children’s term dates to fine-tuning the family’s annual trip.
Good PAs are in high demand, but full time positions are often unaffordable for smaller firms or ones with fluctuating workloads. That’s led to a rise in online PAs (or virtual assistants — VAs — as they are commonly known) offering their services across the globe at more reasonable hourly rates. Part-time VAs can be well worth their fees.
Mindy Gibbins-Klein, a leadership coach and publisher in St Albans, England, says she would be completely lost without her virtual personal assistant, Emma Herbert, who sits more than 4000 kilometres away in San Francisco. Herbert manages data and orders for the company’s Panoma Press division.
“Emma started out just doing some admin[istration] for me but soon showed me she could do so much more — and she has now developed into my operations manager,” Gibbins-Klein said.
There are benefits for Herbert, too, offered by the flexibility of working remotely. “I have worked on Mindy's tasks and other clients' tasks while on vacations around the world including Australia, the US, Barbados, Europe,” said Herbert. “As long as I have my MacBook Air and my iPhone I have my 'office' with me at all times. I’ve even answered emails while waiting in line to get on a roller coaster.”
The upper crust
There are a number of VA services available. At the higher end, there are executive PAs who have given up working in a physical office to set up a VA business and can charge around $60 per hour. Although most of the work is managed by email or phone, a certain amount of face time may be included. In many cases they will also keep abreast of the minutiae of their client’s lives and have full access to their diaries and credit card.
Events organiser Kirsten White, who runs Lime Events in London, says she couldn’t do without Sarah-Louise Douglas, her VA from DesignatedPA. While most of the marketing work can be done via email and text, Douglas will go over to White’s house for the bookkeeping.
“I didn't even consider a real PA,” said White. “They would need to be on the payroll and I don’t run one as I have a small business. [This is] is far more economical. I keep a time sheet and pay £50 ($63) per hour, and use her about five hours a week. If there were someone in the office I would need to manage them and there would be management costs.”
Hiring an outsourced VA
At the opposite end of the scale are the outsourced VAs, many of whom are in Indian cities such as Mumbai and Bangalore. They can do the same tasks as other VAs yet the relationship is less personal. Starting from as little as $7 an hour (with a 160 hour a month plan on GetFriday.com ), this is an economical option for those on a tight budget and want jobs doing such as data crunching and research. 
New York-based Web consultant Jeremy Carman, who runs Jalopyhead Enterprises, said he began using an India-based assistant in July after reading Timothy Ferriss’s book, Cheat Sheet: The 4-hour Workweek. “I use them for necessary but redundant and tedious tasks, such as uploading pictures onto my blog,” says Carman. “I need someone who can take the task off of my hands so… that I can move on to the next idea.” Carman says it has allowed him to take his company to the next level. “With this freed up time, I am able to focus on creating better ideas for business.”
Twin-pronged attack
Some executives keep a full-time PA and still hires an India-based virtual assistant for other tasks. Janus Boye, who runs J Boye, a global digital network in Aarhus, Denmark, is one. “The VA [I hired] started out with information technology services, in particular, for website development. Today they also help with marketing services, for example to grow our reach on social media.”
Yet Boye keeps his PA working on tasks that require “face-to-face” interaction, such as meeting preparation, travel planning, scheduling, board meetings and liaising with the management team.
The downsides
Outsourcing internationally, however, comes with its own set of challenges. “I haven’t found any VA that speaks Danish yet, so if you deal with other languages than English, you still have to go local.” Boyes said.
Asset manager John Zeckendorf, uses an Indian-based VA to help run his company, Mandala, from Chatswood, Australia,. “There are translation issues — mindset, not language,” he wrote in an email. “Tasks need to be quite specific. There is some frustration with me having to manage tasks and having to check work done carefully. It is not as seamless as it should be. VAs are less useful when human interaction (e.g. calls) are required.”
Closer to home
When VAs are crucial, however, is when they can free up precious spare time. Marianne Rance, who is head of development of the Foundling Museum in London, has employed a VA from DesignatedPA for six months to do what she calls her “fadmin,” or family administration.
“My working life is quite busy, not only working hours but events,” she said. “I juggle three teenagers, a dog, a husband and running a household.” Rance felt there were jobs in her life that were constantly at the bottom of the pile, and that she was “losing control” on the home front. Her VA does small, time-consuming jobs, such as going onto the school website and entering all the term dates into her calendar, to larger jobs such as putting her videos onto CDs or researching a trip to Japan.
In the end, with time at such a premium, perhaps the VA will let you do what matters most, says London-based business consultant Dr Heidi Kharbhih, who uses UK company LinksVA for her company, Optimise Your Business.
“On a personal level, why not delegate to a VA, so that you can spend more time with your friends and family?,” Kharbhih said.
Follow BBC Capital on Twitter @BBC_Capital or join the conversation about this or any other Capital story on Facebook: BBC Capital on Facebook.

Mapping the future of sea-level rise on the Potomac  the Chesapeake and the Atlantic.By Lori Montgomery September 16 Follow @loriamontgomery
Climate Central on Tuesday released new maps for the District, Maryland, Virginia and Delaware cataloguing flood risk from climate change. The topline news is that roughly $42 billion worth of property in the region lies within 5 feet of current high tide and is therefore likely to be inundated by storm-related flooding within the next few decades as sea levels rise.
But the maps are more interesting for their local details than for the broad sweep of data. The organization of scientists and journalists is mapping flood risk on the entire U.S. coast, taking note of every school, police station, hospital, museum, roadway and environmental hazard. So it's worth poking around to see what's likely to get hit at various flood levels.
I wrote a whole story about their predictions for D.C. and what local officials are doing about it. You can explore the D.C. map by clicking the image above.
Here's Baltimore, where thinking about sea-level rise is significantly more advanced.
As the map shows, the whole Inner Harbor would be at risk from an 8-foot storm surge, which is projected to be a pretty routine event by the end of the century. As in D.C., Baltimore officials also are worried about flooding from extreme rain events, like the one in April that caused a railroad retaining wall to collapse. 
Unlike D.C., which recently hired a team for the first time to begin assessing the city's future vulnerabilities, Baltimore has been on the case for years. City officials pioneered what they call the "Disaster Preparedness Plan" in 2011, telling the Federal Emergency Management Agency that it made no sense to keep assessing risk based on historical data when the future is likely to bring very different dangers.
Kristin Baja, the climate and resilience planner with Baltimore's Office of Sustainability, now spends a lot of time talking to other cities about how to expand their existing FEMA hazard mitigation plan to include sea-level rise and other risks, such as extreme heat, that are likely to get worse in the future. For example, instead of planning for the kind of major flood that occurs every 100 years, Baltimore is planning for a catastrophic 500-year flood -- and then drawing up plans that consider the possibility that a 500-year flood in the future could be as much as 7 feet deeper.
"We're taking a no-regrets approach," Baja said. "To this point, scientists really have been under-projecting what we’re expecting to see. We didn’t want to plan for the minimum and then be caught unawares."
Then there's Ocean City, a town on the coastal front lines.
Yikes. Practically everything west of Baltimore Avenue would be gone with five feet of sea-level rise--which is not an unrealistic projection for the end of this century. And this is nota storm surge of five feet: it's five feet of permanently higher water.
What do you do if you're Ocean City?
City councilman Dennis Dare, who sits on the new "Coast Smart Council," appointed by Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley (D) to plan for sea-level rise, insists that his city is already doing everything it can. New buildings are required to have two feet of "freeboard," meaning their lowest floor is two feet higher than projected flood levels. In addition, the city nourishes its beaches by pumping in sand, which improves the beach for tourists but can also protect oceanfront dwellings.
Of course, for buildings on the lower-lying bayside of town, those preparations would be useless if the ocean itself were five feet higher. But Dare says he refuses to believe that such dire predictions will come to pass.
"I’m 65 years old. I’m trying to plan for the future. But the future doesn’t mean we have to move Ocean City to Garrett County ," Dare said, referring to the Free State's mountainous westernmost juridiction. "Thirty years ago, we sent people to the moon with less technology than you have in your smart phone. The world’s not going to run on fossil fuel forever. I think we'll be able to solve some of these issues before the problem ever evolves to the predictions we're making now."
 
Debris floats down the Potomac River on May 17, 2014 along the banks in Arlington, Virginia, looking towards Washington, DC. (AFP PHOTO/ Karen BLEIERKAREN BLEIER/AFP/Getty Images)
 
Lori Montgomery covers U.S. economic policy and the federal budget, focusing on efforts to tame the national debt.

Maruti Suzuki Marketing and Sales Head Mayank Pareek Resigns: ReportApple $450 Million E-book Settlement Gets Final Court Approval
New Delhi: Maruti Suzuki India's marketing and sales head Mayank Pareek has quit the company after nearly 20 years of service at the country's largest carmaker.
Mr Pareek, who is designated as chief operating officer (marketing and sales), could not be reached for comments.
However, according to people familiar with the development, he has put in papers to pursue 'better opportunities'.
The company spokesperson declined to comment.
It is speculated that he may join homegrown auto major Tata Motors, which has been seeking a revival in fortunes in the passenger cars segment.
Besides the company chairman R C Bhargava, Mr Pareek is the other Indian face of the company in which Japan's Suzuki Motor Corporation holds majority stake.
His sudden departure comes at a time when Maruti is gearing up to launch its premium sedan Ciaz next month. The company has been struggling to make its presence felt in the bigger car segment.
Mr Pareek had successfully continued the rural drive of the company initiated by former managing director Jagdish Khattar.
He has been credited for keeping the company's sales counter ticking and increasing market share even when the Indian automobile market went on a slump in the last two years.
Story first published on: September 17, 2014 12:05 (IST)

India to Produce Surplus Sugar for Fifth Straight Year  Says Industry BodyYou are here: Home Industries
India to Produce Surplus Sugar for Fifth Straight Year, Says Industry Body
Reuters | Updated On: September 17, 2014 12:35 (IST)
Indian E-commerce Market to Hit $15 Billion in 2 Years: Google
Mumbai: India, the world's second biggest sugar producer after Brazil, is likely to churn out a surplus for the fifth straight year despite erratic rainfall in key growing areas, a leading industry body said on Wednesday.
The south Asian country is likely to produce 25 million tonnes to 25.5 million tonnes in 2014/15 year starting October 1, compared with local demand of about 23 million tonnes, the Indian Sugar Mills Association said in a statement.
The surplus production could depress local prices and increase losses of debt-ridden sugar mills, prompting the country to maintain exports to trim rising inventory.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Karnataka govt hikes compensation for Naxals who wish to surrenderExtremists surrendering weapons like AK 47s, AK 56s or AK 74 guns will get Rs 30,000 as compensation instead of the earlier stipulated Rs15,000.
Written by Santosh Kumar R B | Karnataka | Posted: September 17, 2014 12:54 pm
In an effort to wipe out left-wing extremism in Karnataka, the state government has announced increased compensation for Naxals who wish to surrender before the government by laying down arms with the intent to join mainstream society.
Under the newly modified surrender package scheme, extremists surrendering weapons like AK 47s, AK 56s or AK 74 guns will get Rs 30,000 as compensation instead of the earlier stipulated Rs15,000, while the surrender of machine guns will entail compensation of Rs 50,000 instead of Rs 25,000 and pistols and revolvers will get Rs 10,000 instead of Rs 3000.
Additionally, those surrendering satellite phones will receive a compensation of Rs 40,000 instead of Rs 20,000 and Rs 10,000 for VHF or HF Communication sets instead of Rs 5000.
Naxals willing to surrender will get additional incentives for providing leads that facilitate the capture or surrender of other extremists or about Naxal arms dumps, the Karnataka home department has stated in a recent order.
Meanwhile, the state government has also modified the state level committee that will identify recipients of the special compensation packages. Freedom fighter HS Doreswamy, senior advocate AK Subbaiah, senior journalist Gowri Lankesh have now been selected as members of the committee.
The Home Secretary, DG&IGP, Chief of state intelligence, head of Internal Security Division (ISD) will also be the members of the committee while the Deputy Inspector General of Police (Anti-Naxal Force) will play the role of the convener of the committee.
The government has also expressed intent of setting up Fast Track Courts (FTC’s) for speedy trial of cases pending against left-wing extremists who choose to surrender.

BSNL to offer free Internet access on select Micromax devicesSep 17, 2014 at 05:05pm IST
BSNL to offer free Internet access on select Micromax devices
8
0
New Delhi: Domestic handset maker Micromax said it has partnered state-run telecom firm BSNL to offer free Internet access on select devices in a bid to drive data usage in the country.
Under the partnership, BSNL will bundle free data usage of up to 2GB per quarter for 12 months on smartphones, free voice calls (on net) on feature phones and other freebies on purchase of Micromax tablet and data cards.
The offer will be available on six Micromax devices - X070, X088 (feature phones), P410i (tablet), MMX377G (datacard), A37 and A37B (smartphones).
The offer will be available on six Micromax devices - X070, X088 (feature phones), P410i (tablet), MMX377G (datacard), A37 and A37B (smartphones).
#micromax #bsnl #free internet plans
"We are delighted to partner with BSNL, as this collaboration will be an excellent unification of BSNL's offerings and Micromax's design capability thus enabling millions of Indian consumers to enjoy seamless connectivity through data usage, affordable call rates and other VAS services," Micromax CEO Vineet Taneja said.
The partnership will further provide a major boost to better connectivity and Internet adoption as BSNL's pan-India network coupled with our devices, backed by a strong channel and retail presence which will take these offerings across length and breadth of the country, he added.
"The association will create immense opportunities for customers by offering them high speed 3G data. BSNL has already provided 3G coverage in more than 2,300 cities and towns of India and is committed to provide 3G coverage to additional towns," BSNL CMD A N Rai said.
14

Swiss police turn to dronesBy Matt McFarland September 17 Follow @mattmcfarland
The Zurich police force tests out one of its two drones. (Courtesy of Marco Bisa)
Earlier this month, the Zurich police department began using a drone to take aerial photos of accidents. The drone is most useful for accidents that occur over a large span — such as those involving a crane or train — where in the past it was difficult to photograph an entire accident scene.
The police department bought the drone in partnership with the Zurich department of geomatics and surveying, which wants to update its 3D map of the city. A spokesman said the 3D model is helpful for noise and pollution calculations as well as city planning. The groups first experimented with a drone in the summer of 2013, and soon realized they had an affordable way to survey land.
A close-up look at the drone. (Courtesy Marco Bisa)
The drone has the advantage of easily surveying inaccessible areas, such as rivers and anything overgrown with vegetation. The department of geomatics and surveying said it also may use the drone for measuring landslides.
The Zurich police said they won’t be using the drone to monitor citizens or public events.
Police in Bern, Switzerland, also have begun using a drone, mainly to capture overhead images of serious accidents. At times, the Bern police use the drone to photograph fires to aid investigations.
A spokeswoman said Bern’s drone could be used to investigate environmental crimes by, for example, taking 3D measurements of land to determine the presence of an illegal landfill.
An example of the type of aerial photo taken by the Zurich police. (Courtesy of Marco Bisa)
Matt McFarland is the editor of Innovations. He's always looking for the next big thing. You can find him on Twitter and Facebook .

IndiGo inks $2.6bn aircraft finance deal with ICBCSep 17, 2014, 06.29 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
IndiGo inks $2.6bn aircraft finance deal with ICBC
"We have entered into memorandum of understanding (MoU) with them for possibly financing up to 30 of our airplanes. So that could be various kinds of financial solutions could be commercial lending, could be selling lease pack, could be something else. The total value could go up to USD 2.6 billion," Aditya Ghosh, President, Indigo said.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
IndiGo inks $2.6bn aircraft finance deal with ICBC
"We have entered into memorandum of understanding (MoU) with them for possibly financing up to 30 of our airplanes. So that could be various kinds of financial solutions could be commercial lending, could be selling lease pack, could be something else. The total value could go up to USD 2.6 billion," Aditya Ghosh, President, Indigo said.
Post your opinion here
06:00 pm
As the Chinese president Xi Jinping begins his India visit--- India and china have already got down to business. Indigo today signed a USD 2.6 billion financing deal with the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China. CNBC-TV18's Malvika Jain caught up with Aditya Ghosh, President, Indigo to understand the contours of this deal.
Below is the verbatim transcript of the interview
Q: Can you take us through this deal?
A: Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (ICBC) is the largest commercial bank in China. We have entered into memorandum of understanding (MoU) with them for possibly financing up to 30 of our airplanes. So that could be various kinds of financial solutions could be commercial lending, could be selling lease pack, could be something else. The total value could go up to USD 2.6 billion.
Q: As far as the aviations sector is concerned today, do you feel that there is a need for not just to focus on travel outside of Asia but also to focus on Asian Countries as travel destinations and some sort of strategy needs to be devised in that sphere?
A: Well we are predominantly an Indian carrier and we predominantly keep looking at India because India is a highly under penetrated aircraft market. A country of billion people less than 400 commercial planes in this country. We still see a huge opportunity in India so that\\'s where we will be focusing.
Q: The new safety and security norms that the government has being looking at, do you feel that is satisfactory or new additions need to be made?
A: Safety and security are something that there can never be enough of. We spent an enormous amount of money, effort and technology behind that. So therefore any thing that enhances safety and security would be welcomed. But one must realise this it is airline operators, airport operators, the governments, security agencies all have to come together for that.
Q: The overall balance sheets of aviation companies they continue to be under stress what sort of suggestion or advice you would like to give them if any?
A: Fly Indigo I guess.
RELATED NEWS

Flybe cancels order for 20 passenger jetsFlybe reconfigures its fleet by leasing smaller aircraft
By Jane Wild
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/43822460-3e64-11e4-b7fc-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Highlights on Sino-India trade and commerce5
0
New Delhi: As India and China try to forge a stronger tie during the three-day state visit of Chinese President Xi Jinping to India, following are few highlights of Sino-India trade and commerce.
The Chinese share in India's import is 11.3 per cent of total trade while that of India in China is merely 0.9 per cent. The gap in imports of the two most populous countries is less as compared to that of exports. China holds 4.7 per cent of total import in India while India has 2.2 per cent of total Chinese import.
On the Gross Domestic Production front China is way ahead at 9.18 $ trillion as compared to India's 1.87 $ trillion in fiscal year 2013-14. In the fiscal same year China achieved 7.6 per cent growth rate while India managed only 4.7 per cent growth in its GDP.
As India and China try to forge a stronger tie during the three-day state visit of Chinese President Xi Jinping to India, following are few highlights of Sino-India trade and commerce.
#india #china #trade #gdp
The per capta income in 2013-14 of India was recorded at $1504 while China had $6747. Inflation had been a problem to Indian economy for last half a decade.
While China have only 2.5 per cent inflation rate, India suffers almost four times inflation than China at 8.14 per cent in fiscal year 2013-14.
Both the South Asian countries suffer from growing population, China with its 1.3 billion population tops the chart of most populous countries in the world followed by India which has a population of 1.2 billion.
3

Sun Pharma  Merck Co Inc ink pact for TildrakizumabSep 17, 2014, 07.18 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Sun Pharma, Merck & Co Inc ink pact for Tildrakizumab
Under terms of the agreement, Sun Pharma will acquire worldwide rights to tildrakizumab for use in all human indications from Merck in exchange for an upfront payment of USD 80 million.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sun Pharma, Merck & Co Inc ink pact for Tildrakizumab
Under terms of the agreement, Sun Pharma will acquire worldwide rights to tildrakizumab for use in all human indications from Merck in exchange for an upfront payment of USD 80 million.
Post your opinion here
 
Pharma major Sun Pharmaceutical Industries today entered into a licensing agreement with  Merck & Co Inc for investigational therapeutic antibody candidate, tildrakizumab to be used for treatment of plaque psoriasis. Under terms of the agreement,  Sun Pharma will acquire worldwide rights to tildrakizumab for use in all human indications from Merck in exchange for an upfront payment of USD 80 million, the companies said in a joint statement.
Tildrakizumab is being evaluated in Phase III registration trials for the treatment of chronic plaque psoriasis, a skin ailment. "Merck will continue all clinical development and regulatory activities, which will be funded by Sun Pharma. Upon product approval, Sun Pharma will be responsible for regulatory activities, including subsequent submissions, pharmacovigilance, post approval studies, manufacturing and commercialisation of the approved product," it added.
Merck is eligible to receive undisclosed payments associated with regulatory (including product approval) and sales milestones, as well as tiered royalties ranging from
mid-single digit through "teen percentage" rates on sales, the
joint statement said.
Commenting on the development, Merck Research Laboratories Business Development and Licensing Senior Vice President Iain D Dukes said: "We are pleased to enter into this agreement with Sun Pharma to help realise the potential of tildrakizumab for patients with chronic plaque psoriasis." This is consistent with company's previously announced global initiative to sharpen it's commercial and R&D focus, including prioritising the late stage pipeline candidates, he added.
Sun Pharma Business Development Senior Vice President Kirti Ganorkar said: "This collaboration is a part of our strategy towards building our pipeline of innovative
dermatology products in a market with strong growth potential." The transaction is subject to customary closing conditions, including the requirements under the Hart Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act, the statement said.
Sun Pharma stock price
On November 21, 2014, Sun Pharmaceutical Industries closed at Rs 842.35, down Rs 8.75, or 1.03 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 932.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 552.50.
The latest book value of the company is Rs 35.77 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company was 23.55.
RELATED NEWS

Imran Khan calls for  Day of Deliverance  on Friday  Nawaz Sharif defiantPress Trust of India | Islamabad | Posted: September 17, 2014 8:14 pm
Pakistan government and protesters were once again headed on collision course with Imran Khan declaring Friday as a ‘Day of Deliverance’ and a defiant Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif on Thursday saying he will not resign on the wishes of a few thousand.
The country’s political crisis deepened with a murder case registered against Prime Minister Sharif, his ministers and other top officials last night for their alleged involvement in the killing of anti-government protesters.
At least three people were killed and over 500 injured in clashes with police on August 30 after Pakistan Tehreek-i- Insaf Chairman Khan and cleric Tahir-ul-Qadri of the Pakistan Awami Tehreek asked their supporters to march towards Sharif’s official residence. PAT had approached the court for registering of the case.
Khan announced late last night that Friday would be marked as ‘Go Nawaz Go’ Day and a ‘Day of Deliverance’. The cricketer-turned-politician, while addressing supporters in front of the Parliament, said he would continue the protest movement till Sharif resigns.
With Imran stepping up pressure on the government, Qadri also reiterated PAT’s demand for Sharif’s resignation. The PAT chief said Sharif and his close aides, booked for murder charges, should be arrested immediately. “If not today, then tomorrow they will be hanged,” Qadri said.
Prime Minister Sharif, while speaking at a public event in the Punjab province, said the entire nation had a unanimous view of pursuing a democratic path with only a few people pursuing negative politics that posed a serious threat to national development.
“Why should Nawaz Sharif and Shahbaz Sharif resign on the demand of five thousand people,” the Prime Minister said, adding that he was sure the nation would stand by them. “The entire Parliament is on one side and a single party stands alone on the other (demanding resignation),” he said. Sharif highlighted that the government had shown a lot of patience in dealing with the Islamabad sit-ins.
“It is not hard to clear the containers and protesters, but we have shown patience in this regard,” Sharif said. Meanwhile, Jamaat-e-Islami (JI) chief Sirajul Haq said negotiations with protesting parties — PTI and PAT — and the government will begin on Thursday.
“I have been in contact with members of various other political parties, and we have decided that negotiations with the rulers and the protesting parties will begin again tomorrow,” Haq said while addressing the media. Khan wants Sharif’s ouster over alleged rigging in last year’s poll which his party lost, while Qadri wants to bring a revolution in the country. They are agitating since August 14, demanding Sharif’s ouster.

3-4 oil blocks offered by Vietnam viable: Pr...Dharmendra Pradhan
("Three-four of these are…)
ON BOARD SPECIAL AIRCRAFT: Vietnam has offered India oil and gas blocks outside the territory claimed by Beijing in the South China Sea, Petroleum Minister Dharmendra Pradhan said today.
India is considering exploring in 2-3 blocks out of the 5 areas in South China Sea that Vietnam had offered on nomination basis in November last year. The five blocks or areas - 17, 41, 43, 10&11-1 and 102&106/10 lie outside the territory claimed by China in the South China Sea.
Pradhan, who accompanied President Pranab Mukherjee on a four-day visit to Vietnam where India's flagship ONGC Videsh signed letter of intent for exploration in two areas, said 3-4 of the blocks offered look viable.
"All the blocks offered to us by Vietnam are within the territorial waters of the country. We are doing a data analysis of these at present. We are working on primary data now.
"Three-four of these are viable and an OVL team is in Vietnam for last ten days to take things forward," he said told reporters onboard Mukherjee's special aircraft.
ONGC Videsh forayed into Vietnam as early as 1988, when it bagged the exploration license for Block 06.1. The company got two exploration blocks - Block 127 and Block 128, in 2006.
However, OVL relinquished Block 127 in offshore Phu Khanh Basin after it failed to find any oil or gas in the area.
Though it had decided to withdraw from adjacent Block 128, it has decided to stay put because of India's strategic interests in the region. The exploration period for the block has been extended until June 15, 2015.
China claims sovereignty over most of the South China Sea where Block 127 and 128 are located and had warned the Indian arm from drilling in the region.
OVL continues to own 45 per cent in Vietnam's offshore block 6.1 and its share of production was 2.023 billion cubic metres of gas and 0.036 million tonnes of condensate.
Pradhan said Vietnam is a "good place" for acquisition of foreign assets for his ministry and departments under him.
Elaborating on the LoI signed, he said Vietnam has offered these blocks to India on a "nomination" basis and his ministry was "enthusiastic" about it.
He refused to comment on the recent statements issued by China on this deal.
"I am a commercial entity," he quipped when asked to comment on the Chinese statement.
He also said India will invest about $50 million in the textiles and petrochemical sector in Vietnam by the year 2020.
"We have assured market here in terms of textile and petrochemicals business. Vietnam needs a good amount of raw material on textile and we find a good opportunity to do business here," he said.
He said Vietnam had a strong supply chain in this sector with the US and European countries.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Indian pharmaceutical exports to cross Rs 1 ...You are here: Home > Collections
Indian pharmaceutical exports to cross Rs 1 lakh crore mark
Raji Reddy Kesireddy, ET Bureau Sep 17, 2014, 08.37PM IST
Tags:
bulk drugs
(Export of pharmaceutical…)
HYDERABAD: Export of pharmaceutical products from India are set to cross Rs 1 lakh crore mark this fiscal from Rs 90,000 crore during fiscal to March 2014, said director general of Pharmaceuticals Export Promotion Council ( Pharmexcil ) PV Appaji.
"Pharmaceutical exports have recorded a growth of 15% this year (2013-14). The problems faced earlier by the industry are now under control. Majority of the export revenues will come from formulations," he said.
The companies which were exporting bulk drugs in the past shifted their focus to exporting formulations that accounted for 71% of total exports in 2013-14.
Appaji said US Food and Drug Administration approved 584 centres across India for exports. Of the total formulations exports, 55% were to regulated markets.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Kelly praises DeSean Jackson  says Eagles wanted bigger WRBy Liz Clarke September 17 Follow @lizclarketweet
Chip Kelly, here fistbumping safety Nate Allen before the Jaguars game in Week 1, doesn’t have anything bad to say about DeSean Jackson, who the team let go this offseason. (Michael Perez/Associated Press)
Second-year Philadelphia coach Chip Kelly had no trouble enumerating what wide receiver DeSean Jackson did for his squad last season, speaking to reporters on a conference call Wednesday morning.
“DeSean had a very productive year for us last year,” said Kelly, alluding to Jackson’s 82 receptions, which went for 1,332 yards and nine touchdowns. “Obviously led the team in receptions. I think he’s obviously a very fast receiver. [Has] got great ball skills, great hand-eye coordination. Very, very productive player for us last year.”
DeSean Jackson during Redskins practice in June. (John McDonnell/The Washington Post)
Kelly was less expansive about the reasons why he unceremoniously cut the 2008 second-round draft pick on March 28. Four days later, the Redskins scooped up Jackson and signed him to a three-year deal.
“We were just going in a different direction at the wide receiver position here,” Kelly said. “That’s what we decided to do.”
Pressed further, Kelly said: “Just trying to build the overall team in terms of what we were looking for offensively, and we wanted to get bigger at the wideout spot, and that’s what we did.”
Kelly said he had “zero” concern about Jackson’s off-the-field character, as had been speculated at the time. And he said made his peace at the time he cut the wideout with the fact he could end up in the NFC East.
Through the season’s first two games, Jackson has nine catches for 81 yards and no touchdowns; but his 9.0-yards per catch average would be far higher had officials ruled his 57-yard grab in the first quarter of Washington’s 41-10 victory over Jacksonville a completion. The ruling could have gone either way, and it’s a play Coach Jay Gruden has turned into the NFL for further explanation.
Jackson, 27, suffered a mild sprain of his left shoulder on Washington’s next series and left the game. Gruden said on Monday that Jackson could probably play Sunday if he could tolerate the pain.
Have a Redskins question? Send an e-mail to mike.jones@washpost.com with the subject line “Mailbag question,” and it might be answered on Tuesday in  The Mailbag .
More from The Post:

High visa fee  other issues raised with US: ...GSP
( India today raised its…)
NEW DELHI: India today raised its concerns with the US authorities over high visa fees and discriminatory social security benefits to Indian professionals working in America.
India also flagged matters related with market access for agri products such as rice, mangoes, pomegranates and table grapes with the visiting US officials.
The issues came up for discussion during a meeting between Commerce Secretary Rajeev Kher and Acting Deputy US Trade Representative Wendy Cutler here.
Kher raised the key issues that India would like to take up in the next meeting of the Trade Policy Forum (TPF).
"He highlighted India's concerns on US Totalization and Social Security Act and how the policy was discriminatory towards Indian workers in the US who end up losing their social security contributions due to discrepancy in the visa and social security regimes, also indicating recourse to legal remedies," an official statement said.
The meeting comes ahead of the visit of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to the US later this month.
The statement said issues of high visa costs and corresponding higher wage implications and its impact on India's IT industry and professionals under the US Immigration Reforms was also mentioned for inclusion in the agenda for the next TPF meet.
A US law had substantially increased the fees for H1B and L1 categories of visas for applicants which employ more than 50 persons in the US or have more than 50 per cent their employees admitted on non-immigrant visas (the 50:50 rule).
India wants early conclusion of the Totalisation Agreement with America. Under this pact an expatriate in either country need not contribute to social security schemes of the host country.
The United States Border Security, Economic Opportunity and Immigration Modernisation Bill, 2013 seeks to deny access to visas or place additional visa related restrictions including higher fees.
The meeting of officials took place as part of an inter-ministerial discussion to deliberate on the agenda setting, modalities and dates for convening the next ministerial level meeting of the TPF.
"The issues that are likely to be taken up for discussion at the next TPF from both sides were deliberated at length," the statement said. The Indian side proposed two set of dates for hosting the next meeting in India before the end of this year, it added.
Further, Kher also sought information on reauthorisation of the Generalised System of Preference (GSP) which expired in July, 2013 and is awaiting Congressional approval.
In the two-hour long meeting, Modi's visit to the US also came up for discussion besides India's stand on the food security and Trade Facilitation as part of the WTO's Bali agreement.
The US-India TPF, which has not met since 2010, is an inter-agency collaboration led by the USTR. It is the principal trade dialogue between the countries.
It has five focus groups-- Agriculture, Investment, Innovation and Creativity (intellectual property rights), Services, and Tariff and Non-Tariff Barriers.
  Further, it said that listing of Indian textile products in the list of US Department of Labour was acting as a non-tariff barrier and has impacted exports of certain textile products to the US markets.
On the intellectual property rights (IPR) side, India raised the issue of market access for pharmacopeia and professionals under India's traditional system of medicines (Ayush).
It also suggested a bilateral institutionalised mechanism for discussing issues of bio-piracy with the US side.
The American pharma sector had alleged that Indian IPR laws discriminate against US companies and violate global norms.
Kher in "categorical terms reiterated India's avowed position on food security and trade facilitation at great length, re-affirming and reassuring India's commitment to the Bali agreement while re-emphasizing a desire for a time bound and permanent solution to the food security issue," it said.
India had decided not to ratify WTO's Trade Facilitation Agreement (TFA), which is dear to the developed world, without any concrete movement in finding a permanent solution.
The US had expressed concerns over India's tough stand in the WTO.
The bilateral trade between the countries stood at $61.5 billion in 2013--14.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Denial of admission; HC asks Delhi government to probe  take stepsSep 17, 2014 at 09:00pm IST
Denial of admission; HC asks Delhi government to probe, take steps
2
1
New Delhi: The Delhi High Court on Wednesday asked the city government to probe the allegation of an NGO that over 80 kids have been denied admission in schools on the ground that they do not have residential proof.
A bench of Chief Justice G Rohini and RS Endlaw said that though it cannot hold an inquiry but will direct the Directorate Of Education (DoE) to inquire and take remedial steps within two weeks.
"Let DoE apply its mind and look into the allegation," the judge said, adding the students can approach the schools for admission. The court said if the children approach them, the schools should take proper action in this regard and will also look into all aspects.
"The action is utter violation of the provisions of Right of Children to free and Compulsory Education," advocate Ashok Agarwal said.
#delhi #delhi high court #delhi government #social jurist
The court's direction came on a PIL filed through NGO Social Jurist which alleged over 81 children in the age group of 6-14 years from Yamuna Khadar area here were denied admission in schools of East Delhi Municipal Corporation (EDMC) on the grounds of non-availability of their resident proofs and birth certificates.
"The action is utter violation of the provisions of Right of Children to free and Compulsory Education," advocate Ashok Agarwal, appearing for the children and the NGO, said.
The counsel further stated that on September 8 13 children of Yamuna Khadar appraised him about the facts on which he personally spotted the kids. The counsel for Delhi government and EDMC opposed the NGO's contention asking if they had approached the schools and if they did then in which area.
They have not filed any affidavit in this regard nor any proof has been produced before this court, EDMC said.
3

Joe Manchin to vote against arming and training Syrian rebelsSen. Joe Manchin III (D-W. Va.)speaks to the media after a vote on Capitol Hill in December 2012. (REUTERS/Joshua Roberts)
Updated and corrected
Sen. Joe Manchin III (D-W. Va.) announced Wednesday that he will vote against legislation authorizing President Obama's plans to arm and train Syrian rebel forces, saying he hasn't been convinced that a new U.S. military effort in the Middle East will succeed.
"I cannot and will not support arming or training the Syrian opposition forces," Manchin said in a Senate floor speech.
The senator's decision means he will vote against a short-term spending bill designed to keep the federal government open when the new fiscal year begins on Oct. 1. The House is expected to approve the bill later Wednesday after amending it to include explicit authorization of Obama's plans to counter the growing threat of the Islamic State terror group.
Manchin said he came to his decision after consulting military and foreign policy experts and attending classified briefings with top national security officials.
"But most importantly I studied our history," he said. "We have been at war in that part of that world for the past 13 years. If money and military might could have made a difference, it would have by now."
Authorizing Obama's plans to train and equip rebels means "we will be involving ourselves in a ground conflict we cannot resolve," he added later.
Manchin is serving his first term in the Senate and has usually taken a skeptical approach to expanding U.S. military operations overseas.
In an interview with The Washington Post last week shortly after Obama's national address on his new military strategy, Manchin raised concerns about partnering with rebel forces in Syria. "No one’s convinced me that they can identify friend or foe in that part of the world right now," he said. "Anything that I have been able to witness is that no matter who we are ends up those arms are used against sooner or later. That’s a sad scenario."
Manchin is one of a small handful of Democratic senators expected to vote against Obama's military plans. Already Sen. Mark Begich (D-Alaska) has said he will oppose any new military operations in the Middle East. Sen. Christopher Murphy (D-Conn.) also has raised concerns, but not yet signaled how he will vote.
Another senator who has raised concerns, Tim Kaine (D-Va.), said in an interview with The Post Wednesday morning that he plans to support Obama's strategy because Senate leaders are planning to hold an expanded debate on the future of military action in the Middle East later this fall after the November elections. Kaine had previously raised concerns that Congress would be rushing to authorize Obama's plans without a full debate and argued that it would be unconstitutional for Obama to proceed without explicit congressional authority.
CORRECTION: An earlier version of this report suggested that Sen. Mark Udall (D-Colo.) opposes Obama's plan to train and equip Syrian rebels. Aides say that the senator plans to support it.
Ed O’Keefe is a congressional reporter with The Washington Post and covered the 2008 and 2012 presidential and congressional elections.

Chinas not stimulating its economy. Its just keeping it from freezing upChina's Transition
September 17, 2014
Yesterday, the People’s Bank of China leaked to the press that it had pumped 500 billion yuan ($81 billion) into its financial system. Exciting news, coming in the wake of a batch of recent data showing the rapid withering of the Chinese economy. “Is this the China stimulus we’ve been waiting for?” asked CNBC . Copper traders seemed to think so; futures prices for the red stuff leapt 4% after media reported the event as a “ stimulus” and “credit expansion .”
But those are mischaracterizations. Instead, the injections are the sort of “run-of-the-mill operations” that keep enough money in the system, notes Capital Economics.
The worry is that if big banks fear a cash shortage, they’ll hoard money. Mid-sized banks—which are much more reliant on interbank lending for funding—might default on their obligations to other banks. So debt-sodden are Chinese businesses that if banks stop lending to each other—and, hence, to businesses—many will default on loans. And since China still doesn’t have deposit insurance, it could spark a bank panic—and ultimately a financial crisis.
That doesn’t mean China’s on the brink of such a catastrophe (or at least, not any more so than usual). So why inject $81 billion now?
One possible reason is China’s money supply just dipped below the target 13% annual growth rate, notes Morgan Stanley’s Richard Xu. He adds that the PBoC has been injecting money more often in 2014—particularly whenever the banking regulator scrutinizes shadow banking , the off-balance-sheet channels that are keeping many banks liquid. Here’s the recent trend in the annual growth of money supply (M2):
Tap image to zoom
(Morgan Stanley)
Seasonal spikes in money supply are another factor, says Xu. Money often tightens up before holidays as banks gather up the cash their customers will need while money markets are closed. Not only is China fast approaching the weeklong Nation Day holiday, but we’re also coming up on the end of the quarter, when banks must produce cash to pass regulatory muster.
Though some analysts likened the PBoC’s injection to “quantitative easing,” that’s not exactly right. The goal of QE for the Federal Reserve was to lower mortgage rates and long-term borrowing costs. Pumping more money into the system was a byproduct.
In China, it’s the converse. The PBoC must keep banks flush with cash; rates fall as a result. The latest injections are reportedly three-month loans, too short to boost bank lending. If the PBoC were “stimulating,” it would, as it did months ago , slash banks’ reserve ratio requirements. But that would whip up inflation, re-inflate the housing bubble, and increase the chance of a debt crisis.
This distinction highlights how much more crucial money supply is for China’s financial system.
Share
Tap image to zoom
China is more addicted to cash because its government, not the market, controls interest rates—and it manipulates them to benefit borrowers, which penalizes savers . Reducing money supply would shift money back to savers, helping boost consumption  and the balance of global trade. But thousands of highly indebted businesses and banks need that surge of cash to avoid default. This chart from the Conference Board shows just how big that surge has been.

Deepika Padukone s  Finding Fanny  box office collections rise to Rs 22.4 cr on day 4E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

CRPF jawan killed  DC injured in encounter with MaoistsPrint
PTI | Jamshedpur | Posted: September 17, 2014 8:35 pm
A CRPF jawan of the specialised COBRA unit was killed and a Deputy Commandant injured in a fierce encounter with Maoists at Chiklam village in Jharkhand’s Naxal-hit Ghatsila sub-division today.
DIG (Kolhan Range, Jharkhand) Md Nehal said police had received information that a huge Maoist squad had entered the village from the dense Dalma forest last night.
CRPF forces and District Armed Police (DAP) from Jharkhand together with a Cobra unit, CRPF 69 battalion personnel, CISF and police officials from Jhargram in West Bengal launched a joint operation cordoning off the village since early morning, DIG (Kolhan Range) and Sub-divisional Police Officer, Jhargram, Vivek Varma said.
The encounter began at 5 AM and continued till 8 AM with almost 200 rounds fired by the security forces. Intermittent exchange of fire between the Maoists and the police continued even afterwards, the SDPO said. Varma said security forces had cordoned off the area but had not yet commenced flushing out operations as the rebels were still holed up in the village.
Senior Superintendent of Police East Singhbhum, Amol V Homkar said the Deputy Commandant (Cobra battalion) Alok Kumar was injured in the Maoist firing and airlifted to a hospital in Ranchi.
Casualty on the Maoist side was not immediately known, the official said.

Live Cricket Score  CLT20  KKR vs CSK: CSK post competitve 157/4 against KKRRyan ten Doeschate struck a fine unbeaten 51 to guide IPL champions Kolkata Knight Riders to a seven-wicket win over Chennai Super Kings. (Source: BCCI)
Press Trust of India | Hyderabad | Posted: September 17, 2014 6:31 pm | Updated: September 18, 2014 12:21 pm
Andre Russell smashed a breathtaking half century while Ryan ten Doeschate struck a fine unbeaten 51 to guide IPL champions Kolkata Knight Riders to a three-wicket win over Chennai Super Kings in a Group A match of the Oppo Champions League Twenty20, in Hyderabad on Thursday.
Chasing a competitive 158 for win, KKR were in trouble after slumping to 51 for five inside 10 overs.
But Russell (58 off 25) and Ten Doeschate shared match-winning 80 runs for the sixth wicket off just 42 balls to keep KKR afloat.
After Russell’s dismissal, Ten Doeshchate took the onus on himself to guide KKR home and managed to achieve that with six balls to spare.
KKR’s chase, however, started on a horrendous note as they lost their first four wickets inside the 30-run mark.
Left-arm pacer Ashish Nehra (4/21) was the wrecker in chief for KKR. He accounted for the wickets of KKR skipper Gautam Gambhir, Manish Pandey and Manvinder Bisla in quick succession to rattle CSK.
In fact, Nehra was on the verge of a hat-trick as he dismissed Gambhir and Pandey in consecutive balls in the third over.
Yusuf Pathan too failed to sparkle as he edged a Mohit Sharma delivery to Faf du Plessiss in the first slip in the fourth over.
Young Suryakumar Yadav started brightly with a 17-ball 19 before he was caught by Ravichandran Ashwin off Ravindra Jadeja in the ninth over with KKR scoreboard reading 51 for five in nine overs.
But Ten Doeshchate and Russell had other plans as they started cautiously to build up the chase before opening up. Russell was the aggressive among the duo as he laced his knock with four boundaries and five huge sixes. Ten Doeschate, on the other hand, played the second fiddle and struck three fours and two hits over the fence during his unbeaten knock.
Russell was at his attacking best as he struck two massive sixes of Mohit Sharma in the 16th over to not only bring KKR closer but also bring up his half century in style.
Russell added salt to Mohit and CSK’s wounds by finishing off the over with a boundary to score 18 runs off the 16th over.
Just when it seemed Russell’s pyrotechnics would take the game away from CSK, Nehra cleaned up the West Indian with a gem of an yorker to pick up his fourth wicket of the day and bring his side back into the game.
But Ten Doeschate kept a calm head and guided KKR home in exactly 19 overs in Piyush Chawla’s company.
Earlier, CSK rode on late bursts from skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni and Dwayne Bravo to post a fighting 157 for four.
With CSK in a spot of bother at 86 for four in 12.3 overs, Dhoni and Bravo joined hands to pull the team out of trouble with an unbeaten 71-run partnership off just 45 balls.
Dhoni finished the innings unbeaten on 35 off 20 balls with the help of three fours and two sixes, while Bravo decorated his unconquered run-a-ball 28-run knock with two boundaries and as many hits over the fence.
Sent into bat, CSK were off to a quick start with the opening pair of Dwayne Smith and Brendon McCullum sharing 37 runs runs off 24 balls.
Smith’s 20-run knock off 13 balls was laced with four boundaries before he was caught behind off leg-spinner Chawla (2/26).
McCullum (22 off 19) followed suit as he was struck plumb in front of the wicket by part-time spinner Pathan (1/16) while attempting a reverse sweep.
With CSK in a spot of bother at 49 for two in 6.4 overs, Suresh Raina took the onus on himself to resurrect his side’s innings in the company of Du Plessiss.
The duo added 35 runs for the third wicket before Raina was adjudged LBW off Sunil Narine (1/9) in the 12th over with CSK’s score reading 84 for three.
With KKR producing a disciplined bowling effort in the middle overs, the CSK batsmen found it difficult to score runs easily.
CSK’s problems compounded further when Du Plessiss departed in the 13th over to give Chawla his second wicket of the day.
With runs hard to come by off the spinners, CSK batsmen waited for the pacers to open up.
They finally did when a gutsy Dwayne Bravo opened up against Umesh Yadav and punished the pacer for two fours in the 14th over.
Inspired by Bravo’s strokeplay, Dhoni too opened his arms and smashed Russell for two fours to pick up 12 runs in the 15th over.
With overs running out, it was desperate times for CSK batsmen and young Pat Cummins became the victim when Bravo clobbered the pacer for two sixes in the 17th over that yielded 21 runs.
Cummins was once again at the firing line as Dhoni whacked the bowler over deep midwicket boundary for a six in the penultimate over.
Dhoni took Umesh Yadav for task and struck a four and a humongous six off the last ball to finish off the innings in style.
Ten Doeschate kept a calm head and guided KKR home in exactly 19 overs in Chawla's company.

BPM industry could double revenue growth to...CAGR
(The BPM industry has…)
BANGALORE: The BPM industry has potential to double its revenue growth to $42-50 billion and employ 2 million people by 2020, Nasscom President R Chandrashekhar said today.
"The BPM industry has potential to double its revenue growth to $42-50 billion and employ two million people by 2020, thanks to dynamic shifts in demand side markets spanning verticals, geographies, customers and services," Nasscom President R Chandrashekhar told reporters.
He said the BPM firms have to redesign their service offerings to address emerging opportunities and nurture innovation and collaboration, identify unmet and unknown customer needs.
As per a survey finding, the global BPM spend increased to $168 billion in 2013 from $142 billion in 2010, growing at a CAGR (cumulative average growth rate) of 6 per cent, while its offshoring market size grew 9-10 per cent CAGR to $53-55 billion from $40-42 billion in the same period (2010-13).
Nasscom BPM council Chairman Keshav Murugesh said the industry was creating a strategic partnership with its customers to deliver on the outcomes.
"Highlight of the industry is the growing demand for knowledge services followed by marketing & data analytics and legal services," Murugesh added.
Nasscom also announced top 20 BPM exporters in India for the year 2014, which includes companies like Genpact Limited and Tata Consultancy Services Limited.
Genpact has been declared the top BPM exporter followed by Tata Consultancy Services, he said.
Serco Global Services stands at number three position, he added.
Chandrashekhar said at $23.2 billion of revenues in FY 2014, the BPM industry continues to evolve.
"The Indian BPM industry continues to evolve and grow extensively. The industry has transformed from its humble beginnings a decade back, into the nerve centre for BPM related activities for the globally inter-dependent economy.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Amazon India s tax woes: NASSCOM rides to the rescueLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Amazon India's tax woes: NASSCOM rides to the rescue
E-commerce companies are increasingly coming under the scrutiny of Indian authorities and Amazon India is the latest to feel the pressure. CNBC-TV18's Poornima Murali and Farah Bookwala Vhora report that NASSCOM is now stepping in to look into the challenges the sector faces.
Post your opinion here

Vikings Discuss Adrian PetersonSPECIAL LIVE COVERAGE FROM ABC NEWS
EXPLORE.ORG: Maya's Puppy Litter
RADAR: Storms Developing in the South
WARNING: VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAMING COVERAGE
LIVE Coverage Calendar

Why Sony must wish the smartphone was never inventedSeptember 17, 2014
Sony, the Japanese consumer electronics colossus, had some bad news for its shareholders last night.
The company that once made Walkmans and still makes Playstations and televisions (and owns major film studios and record labels) said it expects its annual loss to be nearly five times as much as previously anticipated. It is also suspending its dividend for the first time since 1958.
The reason: a ¥180 billion ($1.6 billion) write-down of its mobile communications segment, which accounted for about 20% of the company’s total business last year, according to FactSet.
In sum, Sony now expects to earn less from that business than it had previously forecast. Why? It’s changing its strategy in mobiles to concentrate on premium products and reduce the number of mid-range models it produces. Over the long term, it thinks this will deliver more stable profits. The company now expects to lose about ¥230 billion this fiscal year (which ends next March), which would be its sixth loss in seven years.
Share
Tap image to zoom
Sony lost its way years ago, thanks largely to smartphones. Not only did the smartphone replace a smattering of products Sony once dominated (like MP3 players, cameras, and video recorders); Sony has just never been very good at selling smartphones. It has been ruthlessly outmaneuvered by Apple, which dominates high-end smartphones globally, and Samsung, which dominates lower-end smartphones.
“Sony makes too many models, and for none of them can they say, ‘This contains our best, most cutting-edge technology,’” Yoshiaki Sakito, a former Sony executive, told the New York Times in 2012. “Apple, on the other hand, makes one amazing phone in just two colors and says, ‘This is the best.’”
Sony is still expecting its sales to increase slightly this year. But that would be well short of its 2008 peak, not long after Apple started selling the iPhone.

The changing landscape of American fast food can be summed up with this one wordIf Chipotle CEO Steve Ells is concerned about copycats, he doesn't show it. (AP/Mark Lennihan)
SHARE
Svati Kirsten Narula @svatikirsten
September 17, 2014
Chipotlification.  Coined  by the Washington Post this week, it’s the perfect term to describe a certain burrito chain’s pervasive influence on quick-service restaurants across the United States.
Chipotle’s success has spawned dozens of copycats: Washington’s District Taco is “the Chipotle of tacos,” according to the Washington Post; New York’s Desi Shack is described by reviewers as “Chipotle, South Asian style;” and Piada Italian Street Food, a chain from Ohio, is La Dolce Chipotle .
These Chipotle-influenced eateries are clean and modern, and they let customers build their own meals from limited menus by choosing unique combinations of protein, veggies, starches, and condiments. Chipotle wasn’t the first quick-service food chain to offer this style of service—orders at Subway and Potbelly Sandwich Works work the same way—but it was the first to do it with food that’s perceived as high-quality, authentic, and fresh. So Chipotle gets the credit for ushering in a golden era for fast-casual dining—and a tough time for traditional fast-food joints like McDonald’s.
The upheaval has been such that seemingly no business story about a restaurant in either category is complete without mentioning the Mexican grill. Curious about why Taco Bell’s parent company, Yum Brands,  is launching  a build-your-own Banh Mi shop, for example? It’s a one-word answer, now.
Share this:

Infrastructure stocks are a good MF investment optionStory
Fund Anatomy
Infrastructure stocks have taken giant strides in the past couple of months with sector funds returning on an average 73% in the past one year.
   Edition: September 2014
(Photo: Reuters)
Infrastructure stocks have taken giant strides in the past couple of months with sector funds returning on an average 73% in the past one year.

Ask Matt: Invest in Nike or Under ArmourUSA TODAY
Q: What’s a better stock, Nike or Under Armour?
A: Under Armour’s (UA) stock is running away with the ball this year. But betting on this fast break stock is definitely a Hail Mary play.
Investors are favoring Under Armour over Nike (NKE) in the battle for athletic wear. Shares of Under Armour are up 54% this year, while Nike’s stock is up just 3.8%. Why? Under Armour’s rapid growth is  big draw. Under Armour is expected to post 25% higher adjusted earnings this fiscal year, well above the 13.8% growth expected from Nike, says S&P Capital IQ. But while both stocks are rated “outperform” by Wall Street analysts, there’s reason to be nervous about Under Armour and prefer Nike.
Chart source: MSN Money
Following Under Armour’s run this year, the stock is now trading at the $67 18-month price target set by Wall Street analysts. Under Armour also has a nosebleed valuation of 88 times its earnings over the past 12 months. New Constructs, which rates stocks based on expected future cash flow, calls Under Armour “dangerous.” Nike isn’t a cheap stock, trading at 27 times trailing earnings. But it’s still well below analysts’ $86 price target and New Constructs calls it “neutral.” Under Armour might be winning investors over for its growth. But even good stocks can get overvalued.
USA TODAY markets reporter Matt Krantz answers a different reader question every weekday. To submit a question, e-mail Matt at mkrantz@usatoday.com or on Twitter @mattkrantz.

Narendra Modi turns 64  meets mother to seek blessingsNarendra Modi turns 64, meets mother to seek blessings
Agencies  Gandhinagar, September 17, 2014
First Published: 09:43 IST(17/9/2014) | Last Updated: 14:12 IST(17/9/2014)
Comments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday morning met his mother in Gandhinagar to seek her blessings and received calls from his Japanese counterpart Shinzo Abe and President Pranab Mukherjee to wish him.
Modi, who turned 64, went to Gandhinagar, 23 km from Ahmedabad, alone in a normal vehicle without any security to meet his mother Heeraben on his first birthday as Prime Minister, sources said.
Video: Modi celebrates 64th birthday with mother
On the occasion, she donated Rs. 5,000 for the Prime Minister's Relief Fund for Jammu and Kashmir, they said.
Modi also received a call from Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe who wished him on his birthday, in a reflection of the special bonding the two Prime Ministers enjoy.
Modi visited Japan only a fortnight back and the warmth between the two leaders was at display during that.
The prime vinister will spend the evening at a quiet dinner with the visiting Chinese president Xi Jinping.
President Mukherjee called up Modi to wish him. Vice President Hamid Ansari also wished him.

SoftBanks Son tops Japan rich listLast updated: September 17, 2014 4:10 pm
SoftBank’s Masayoshi Son tops Japan rich list
By Kana Inagaki in Tokyo and Jennifer Thompson in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/307365bc-3e20-11e4-b175-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

English coach turns baseball players into cricketersThe Korean cricket team poses for a group picture (Source: Twitter)
Written by Mihir Vasavda | Mumbai | Posted: September 17, 2014 1:41 am | Updated: September 17, 2014 1:34 pm
In April this year, Julien Fountain was holidaying in Sri Lanka when he stumbled upon a job advertisement on the International Cricket Council (ICC) website that read ‘Cricket Coach for Korean national team’. At first, the post didn’t really catch his fancy. Coaching in South Korea, not surprisingly, wasn’t quite a feature in the well-travelled Fountain’s bucket-list. In his two-decade career, the 44-year-old had after all been an integral part of dressing-rooms across the world, including that of the West Indies, Pakistan and England.
This was Korea, who were not even an Associate member of the ICC and instead languished in an Affiliate capacity as part of the East Asia-Pacific Division Two. To boot, they had finished fifth in their last competitive outing—some three years ago—in a tournament that pitted them against Samoa, Cook Islands, Indonesia, Philippines and Tonga.
Though not consumed by the job listing, Fountain was still intrigued, especially when he found out that the Koreans were touring Sri Lanka at the same time on an exposure tour before the Incheon Asian Games. So he decided to check them out anyway.
Prior to being a roving cricket coach, Fountain had once played baseball for the British Olympic team. And what he saw of the Koreans play cricket put a smile on his face. For, in them he envisaged proof for what had been his long-held theory—that baseball players were perfect for T20 cricket. Just then, for good measure as he recalls, a Korean batsman launched a six so big that in Fountain’s eyes it had home-run written all over it. Before long, he had signed up for the most unique assignment of his illustrious career.
“The ball landed about 20 yards over the rope. The funny thing was that they made a lot of basic mistakes but they still posted 165 in 20 overs. And they even had 59 dot balls. Some of their shots were monstrous. They just kept hitting,” recalls Fountain while reminiscing about his maiden chance-encounter with his present lot of boys.
The fountainhead
Even before he got there, Fountain was aware that baseball culture has always run deep in South Korea. For long now, they have been one of the major exporters of players to the major and minor leagues in the USA. Then at the Beijing Olympics in 2008, it was South Korea who bagged the gold medal in baseball. In stark contrast, cricket has remained an alien sport, barely ever getting a mention. The domestic league comprises entirely with teams made up of players from India, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, Australia and New Zealand. A total of 12 clubs take part in the league, with coaching that would be considered schoolboy level in regular cricket-playing countries.
It would have been easy for the Korean Cricket Association (KCA) to follow in the footsteps of either an UAE or Hong Kong by putting together a team of expats to represent their country. But unlike the majority of developing cricket nations, who rely heavily on first or second-generation immigrants from the sub-continent, South Korea has built their side entirely from local baseball talent.
Even in the present squad, Fountain reveals, a majority of them have been professional baseball players with a maximum cricket-playing experience of 18 months. A few have taken the sport up as recently as six months ago. But they have been handed professional contracts by their country’s Olympic association till the end of Asian Games. “Lee Hwayeon, former team captain and coach and KCA Director, was responsible for teaching the guys the basics. However, in order to raise the standard to a proper competitive level, they had to hire somebody with experience at international level. That’s why I am here,” says Fountain, who was one of the first specialist fielding coaches to be hired by an international team back in the 1990s.
Among the plethora of tips that he’s passed on to them, the most important one, believes Fountain, was playing with a straight bat and avoiding the tendency to play horizontally owing to their baseball background. “My biggest challenge has been to take these guys from playing a slow, amateur game of cricket and get them to increase both their skill levels and the tempo at which they play the game,” Fountain says.
Youtube coaching
But much of their learning has been off the web. It’s an idea recommended by their chief coach himself. Since Fountain took charge in April, the players were made to huddle in front of the computer screen to watch the IPL matches on YouTube. The idea, he adds, was to expose them to high-tempo cricket and also watch and learn a few quirky shots.
Fountain says the team boasts of players who can hit the ball beyond 100 metres, while also being able to play a reverse sweep and a switch hit. Over time, they have also developed their own cricketing terminology Teugjong, for instance, is the Korean for scoop. And Fountain gets excited when he talks about the variety that his bowlers possess in their repertoire. “One or two can even do a version of the Dilscoop. I have quicks that swing the ball well and spinners who bowl at a really good pace. I even have one that can bowl a doosra,” he explains.
In his two decades as a cricketing missionary, Fountain has been a sort of redeemer; for batsmen with technical flaws and fielders with butter-fingers. But in Korea, it dawned upon the Englishman that he was better off resorting to some left-field unorthodoxy to address players’ concerns instead of sticking to conventions.
He recalls the time one of his key batsmen, a left-hander, was consistently missing straight deliveries despite being adept at striking the ball. While Fountain spent sleepless nights trying to conjure up a solution for this conundrum, the batsman in question decided to bat right-handed instead. And has ever since not looked back. There are times when the cricketing novices inside them come to the surface, and Fountain finds himself trying desperately to ‘rein them in’. Reminding them about sticking to the basics is the only way out, he admits. “Park Tae-Kwan is our tall left arm fast medium bowler. Choi Ji-Won is our key all-rounder. Cho Sung-Hun is our opening batter and gun fielder. Cha In-Ho is one of our key off spinners. Sung Dae Sik is a former baseball hitter and he tends to act as our pinch hitter when we are behind the run rate,” he adds.
The expectations from the team, placed alongside Malaysia and China in Group A are low-key. In the last couple of months, the Koreans toured Fiji, where they played 11 games and won four. They played Japan at the newly-built venue—Yeonhui Cricket Ground—the first and only dedicated cricket space in Korea and won all three games. Then out of the three matches they played against an ‘all-star’ team from local league and won two.
“We want to make it out of our group and play against one of the established teams, possibly even against Sri Lanka,” he says, quietly hoping that his Korean adventure comes a full circle.
And with the Korean crowd accustomed to seeing the ball clear the fence, Fountain would hope that his big-hitters get into swing of things at Incheon.
Cricket at Asiad, FAQs
Why isn’t India participating?
The BCCI decided not to enter a men’s team because the Asian Games clashed with the CL T20. With four IPL teams participating in the tournament, the cream of Indian cricket will be playing for their franchises. Sending the women’s team was never discussed.
What about other cricket-playing nations?
India is the only Test nation from Asia to not participate. While Pakistan have entered only in the women’s event, Sri Lanka and Bangladesh will be playing in both categories.
Why no Pakistan men’s team?
Since cricket is a not an Olympic sport and the Pakistan Cricket Board is not affiliated to the Pakistan Sports Board, the PCB had to bear the cost of participation in the Asian Games. So, rather than fielding the men’s team, the PCB believed it was more worthwhile to spend on the women’s team, who are also the defending champions.
Any IPL stars?
Jeevan Mendis (Delhi Daredevils), Dinesh Chandimal (Rajasthan Royals), Tamim Iqbal (Pune Warriors) and Mashrafe Mortaza (Kolkata Knight Riders) are the four players on show to have got a first-hand taste of the IPL mania.
What about other internationals?
Bangladesh will be full-strength at Incheon, except for their skipper Mushfiqur Rahim, who is getting married during the Asian Games. Tamim Iqbal and Mahmudullah move to South Korea from West Indies, where they were playing Tests. Eleven out of the 15 Lankans have played international cricket with Dinesh Chandimal and Lahiru Thirimanne being World T20 winners.
Do they have cricket stadiums?
The Yeonhui Cricket Ground, which cost US$4.7 million, is the first dedicated cricket facility in Korea. The full-sized playing area has a seven-wicket square, with clay imported from Pakistan and has a seating capacity of 2353 spectators. In addition there are two practice grounds being constructed specially for cricket at the Asian Games.
Sung Dae Sik is a former baseball hitter and he tends to act as our pinch hitter when we are behind the run rate

Costa form gives Schalke the bluesNeymar (R) jokes with his teammate Rakitic ahead of Barcelona's match against APOEL Nicosia (Source: Reuters)
Reuters | London | Posted: September 17, 2014 1:07 am | Updated: September 17, 2014 12:33 pm
The good news for Schalke 04’s defenders as they prepare to face Chelsea in their opening Champions League Group G match on Wednesday is that striker Diego Costa is nursing a slight hamstring injury. The bad news is that even without being fully fit he has scored seven goals in his opening four matches for his new club since his £32 million ($52.03 million) transfer from Atletico Madrid.
Schalke will have plenty to fear if, as expected, he plays against them at Stamford Bridge. Those goals, which included a hat-trick in Chelsea’s 4-2 win over previously unbeaten Swansea City on Saturday, have helped preserve Chelsea’s perfect start to the season with a maximum 12 points, in contrast to Schalke who have one point after three winless games in the Bundesliga.
They know what to expect from Chelsea, too, after losing to them 3-0 both home and away in last season’s Champions League group stage, and on current early season form Chelsea look capable of beating them again by at least that margin.
After another impressive performance on Saturday, Costa, the first player since 1992 to score in his first four Premier League games, said despite his great start he had not yet settled down to life in London, but was settling in well at the club. “I have not yet been out in London, but I am trying to get to know it and bit by bit adapt to London,” the Brazil-born naturalised Spain international said.
Fabregas, who joined Chelsea from Barcelona in the summer, has also made an excellent start at Stamford Bridge, with assists in every game he has played so far.
While Chelsea are on the crest of a wave, Schalke, who finished third in the Bundesliga last season, are in a crisis. The royal blues were crushed 4-1 by Borussia Moenchengladbach on Saturday and are two off the bottom with just one point and a goal difference of minus four. That point came from a 1-1 draw with champions Bayern Munich.
City again for Bayern
Bayern have reached at least the semifinals in each of their last three Champions League appearances. With the 2014-15 final taking place in Berlin, the German powerhouse has added incentive to go for their second title in three years. Bayern kick off their campaign at home against familiar rivals Manchester City, as the sides meet for the third time in four seasons.
City ended the Bundesliga side’s competition record 10-game winning run when they met for their final group game last December, albeit with Bayern already through to the second round, and each has two wins and two losses from their previous meetings.
Bayern have made a solid start to the season despite a host of injuries and the loss of dependable midfielder Toni Kroos to Real continued…
I have not yet been out in London, but I am trying to get to know it and bit by bit adapt to London

Coffee experts fear for Brazil harvestCoffee experts fear for Brazil harvest
By Emiko Terazono
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/79bafe0e-3cf6-11e4-a2ab-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sebi to Float Paper on Reducing FPO TimelineYou are here: Home Market
Sebi to Float Paper on Reducing FPO Timeline
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 17, 2014 15:31 (IST)
Sensex, Nifty Hit Record; Banks Surge on Kotak-ING Deal
New Delhi: To elicit views from diverse stakeholders, capital market regulator Sebi will come out with a discussion paper on reducing the time line for follow-on public offers.
The proposal for a discussion paper also comes at a time when many public sector companies are gearing up for stake sale as part of government's ambitious disinvestment programme.
"We have received representations that FPO time line should be reduced. We are still examining (the issue) and we will come out with a discussion paper for public at large. It will take some time," Sebi chairman U K Sinha said today.
He was speaking at an event organised by industry body CII here.
FPO and Offer for Sale (OFS) are seen as preferred routes for selling stakes in public sector companies.
In the current fiscal, the government aims to garner more than Rs 43,425 crore through disinvestment.
However, Mr Sinha said that there is no proposal to change Sebi norms for FPOs with respect to retail investors quota.
"If you are asking whether Sebi rules are going to be changed for FPOs, there is nothing on the plate as of now but if an issuer wants to allocate more to retail investors, it is possible," he noted.
In an FPO, at least 35 per cent should be allocated to retail investors.
"As an issuer, if you decide to have 100 per cent (quota) for retail (investors) there is nothing in Sebi laws prevents you," Mr Sinha said.
On changes made in corporate governance norms, Mr Sinha said the regulator has extended the deadline for induction of at least one woman director on a listed company's board to April 1, 2015.
The norm was to come into force from October 1 this year.
"We have done it because the Ministry of Corporate Affairs guidelines towards this end has also been extended. We felt that it is better in at least this matter to synchronise with what the Ministry of Corporate Affairs has done," he noted.
Regarding a query on implementation of IFRS norms, Mr Sinha said the government and regulators are working to ensure that they are implemented within the proposed time frame
Story first published on: September 17, 2014 15:30 (IST)

Fed watch: Let the word games beginLet the Fed word games begin
By: Adam Shell September 17, 2014 6:27 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Federal Reserve chair Janet Yellen will square off with reporters today in a press conference, and the focus will be on interest rate policy. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais) ORG XMIT: DCPM106)
After all the debate and handwringing this week over the words “considerable time,” it’s almost time to find out if the wordsmiths at the Federal Reserve will throw Wall Street a curve ball or a fat pitch down the middle of the plate that bullish investors can hit out of the New York Stock Exchange.
At 2 p.m. ET today, the financial world will finally know if the Fed keeps in its market-friendly language and sticks to its earlier pledge of not raising short-term interest rates for a “considerable time” after it ends its bond-buying program this fall.
Fed sleuths will quickly canvass the Fed statement to see if the infamous phrase is still spelled out in black ink.
If the two words are included — even if they come with qualifiers — investors will likely interpret that as meaning the Janet Yellen-led Fed is in not as much of a rush to raise rates as some pundits suggest. A 100-point rally for the Dow Jones industrial average Tuesday suggests the bulls are betting that Yellen lives up to her dovish, or market friendly, reputation — preferring to make sure the economy is able to sustain its recovery on its own before the Fed starts hiking rates.
But, if the Fed deletes those two words it will force financial markets to read the new Fed script ever more closely in search of new hints pertaining to when and how fast the inevitable rate hikes will come next year. Wall Street is now betting on mid-2015, but the fear is the Fed moves earlier in response to a better economy and job market.

Indore: 200 tonsure heads to ward off ill omen by monkeys deathComments
It is monkey business of a different sort. Nearly 200 youths had their heads tonsured to ward off the ‘ill omen’ brought on by the death of a simian within the village boundaries.
Some of the youngsters at Dakachya village in Sanwer tehsil in Indore who had their heads tonsured to ward off the "ill omen" caused by the death of a monkey within the village's boundaries. (HT Photo)
Surprised? There's more. The monkey's last rites were performed in accordance with Hindu rituals and the ashes will shortly be carried off to Hardwar to be immersed in the Ganga.
Apparently still doubtful if the measures would fully wash off the taint of inauspiciousness, the villagers on Sunday organised a lavish mrityu bhoj (community feast after death) that cost around Rs. 1.50 lakh and was attended by nearly 2,000 people.
The monkey was one of a pair of simians that strayed into Dakachya village in Sanwer tehsil, around 20 km from the district headquarters, on September 2. It turned out to be an ill-fated move.
"The pair was chased by dogs and one of them fell into a water-filled ditch and drowned," said village sarpanch Rameshji.
"We pulled out the body the next morning", said the sarpanch and pointed out that the "vanar raja", considered a form of Hanuman, was held in deep respect by the roughly 6,000-odd residents.
"Village elders said it was very inauspicious if a monkey died in the village and said the body needed to be cremated with full Hindu rites to avoid any misfortune befalling the village," Rameshji added.
The dead simian's body was taken out in a funeral procession to a cremation ground on the village outskirts on the banks of the Kshipra.
"It was while returning home after the cremation that we decided to organise a mrityu bhoj," the sarpanch told this reporter.
The feast was made possible through contributions in both cash and kind. "Villages contributed wheat for the chapattis while vegetables and other foodstuffs were purchased through cash donations," said the sarpanch.
Mithun Patwari, one of the organisers, said the mritu bhoj was originally to be held on the gyarveenh (eleventh day after death). “However, we later decided to shift it forward and hold it on the 12th day (Sunday) so that schoolchildren could also attend,” said Patwari.

Wonkbook: The most important -- and disappointing -- aspect of todays economyComments
By Puneet Kollipara September 17
Welcome to Wonkbook, Wonkblog’s morning policy news primer by Puneet Kollipara ( @pkollipara ). To subscribe by e-mail, click  here . Send comments, criticism or ideas to Wonkbook at Washpost dot com. To read more by the Wonkblog team, click  here . Follow us on Twitter and Facebook .
(bigstock)
Wonkbook’s Chart of the Day:  The poverty rates for Americans and for American children have fallen  for the first time since 2000.
Wonkbook's Top 5 Stories: (1) Why Americans aren't feeling the recovery; (2) the military's challenge in fighting Ebola; (3) feds' Ferguson response update; (4) Congress' uphill blitz against the NFL; and (5) silence masked GM's woes.
1. Top story: Economic growth doesn't tell the whole story about the economy
The most important thing about the state of the U.S. economy. "The new numbers...in many ways tell us more about how well the economy is serving — or failing — the mass of Americans than data that create hyperventilation in the financial markets....We now know that if your household brought in $51,939 in income last year, you were right at the 50th percentile....In inflation-adjusted terms, that is up a mere 0.3 percent from 2012. If you’re counting, that’s an extra $180 in annual real income for a middle-income American family....Going back a little further, the numbers are even gloomier....The new evidence that pay is stagnant for middle-income families strikes us as the most important thing contained in this report. That’s partly because it is supported by so much other evidence ." Neil Irwin in The New York Times .
Related: Midwestern governors are finding themselves in a pickle because they're struggling to sell the improving economy to voters. Karyn Bruggeman in National Journal .
The child-poverty rate fell for the first time since 2000. "The official poverty rate declined from 15 percent in 2012 to 14.5 percent in 2013, although the number of Americans living in poverty remained statistically unchanged for the third year in a row. That's largely because of population growth. Poverty is now starting to tick down as unemployment declines, and as more workers...find full-time employment....The poverty rate, however, is still 2 percentage points higher than it was in 2007, before the start of the recession." Emily Badger in The Washington Post .
We're doing a better job on poverty than the official numbers show. "Our poverty rate seems, at best, to have fluctuated, prompting commentary with the new data Tuesday that the poverty rate 'has been going nowhere for decades,' or that the War on Poverty 'has failed.' But the real picture is actually somewhat better than the one shown above....That's because the official poverty rate — the one released by the Census Bureau on Tuesday — doesn't capture the impact of many of the programs the government runs to aid the poor, such as food stamps and housing vouchers....The poverty rate looks high today — and like it hasn't changed much historically — but it would be a lot higher without government programs to support the poor." Emily Badger in The Washington Post .
The Census Bureau has an alternative, 'supplemental' poverty measure that will come out soon. "In 2011, the Census Bureau began additionally releasing a Supplemental Poverty Measure , calculated differently, which has drawn criticism from both the left and right. Its figure for 2013 will be released next month." Josh Eidelson in Bloomberg Businessweek .
Background readings:
A trove of other readings on the supplemental measure .
The gender-pay gap has narrowed by the most since recession began. "Women earned 78.3 cents for every dollar men earned in 2013....That compares to 76.5 cents a year earlier. The statistic, which has floated between 76 and 78 cents in recent years, is frequently cited by politicians who support measures to reduce the difference, including President Barack Obama....Until last year, the pay gap remained virtually unchanged or widened each year of his presidency. More recently, Mr. Obama pushed for additional legislation aimed at combating gender discrimination . This spring he signed an executive order that prohibits federal contractors from retaliating against workers for discussing their pay with each other." Eric Morath in  The Wall Street Journal .
Charts: America's racial divides are also economic ones. The disparities in household income by racial group. Bourree Lam in The Atlantic .
Food-stamp cuts GOP sought will hit just 4 states. "As a result, it's unclear whether the law will realize the estimated $8.6 billion in savings over 10 years that the GOP had advertised. A farm bill signed by President Barack Obama in February attempted to save money by scaling back what lawmakers called a loophole in the food stamp program that entitles low-income families to more food aid if they participate in a federal heating assistance program. States were giving some people as little as $1 a year in heating assistance so they could get more food aid. It's called 'heat and eat.' Among the 16 states that allow the practice or some form of it, 12 governors have taken steps to avoid the food stamp cuts." Mary Clare Jalonick in the Associated Press .
Nearly half of Americans in major cities can't cover their basic expenses in an emergency. "Nearly half of all households in major cities don’t have enough money saved to cover essential expenses in an emergency, according to a study that the Corporation for Enterprise Development plans to release Wednesday....This nerve-racking financial insecurity has come to characterize life in cities across the country....The lack of savings not only means that families are frighteningly vulnerable to setbacks but that they are also unable to plan for the future even in the good times. Financial advisers recommend having savings equivalent to three months’ income to get through a rough patch." Patricia Cohen in  The New York Times .
Two parents, not just two incomes, are what help kids get ahead. "Study after study confirms that children in married-parent families grow up to be better off financially than the children of single and divorced parents. This makes intuitive sense, of course; a single parent supporting her kids with only one income is going to have a tougher time giving her kids the same advantages that a child of a two-parent family will get. But it's not that simple. New research confirms that income accounts for less than half of the advantage that the children of married couples get. In fact, it's married couples' parenting behaviors that have the bigger effect." Danielle Kurtzleben in  Vox .
International aside: Despite declines, child mortality and hunger persist in developing nations, U.N. says. "The United Nations on Tuesday reported significant declines in the rates of child mortality and hunger , but said those two scourges of the developing world stubbornly persist in parts of Africa and South Asia despite major health care advances and sharply higher global food production....While one of those goals — halving the number of hungry people by 2015 — seems within reach, the goal of reducing child mortality by two-thirds is years behind, the reports
Other economic/financial reads:
Ex-Im Bank extension seen likely though mid-2015, lawmakers say. Krista Hughes, Emily Stephenson and David Lawder in Reuters .
U.S. Congress could link inversion plan, tax breaks. Emily Stephenson in Reuters .
GALSTON: Saving the vanishing American worker. "Faced with uncertainties, policy makers must balance risks....In these circumstances, we should tip the scales in favor of workers. Evidence of inflationary pressures is scarce, while weak participation among prime-age workers suggests a labor force with considerable room to expand. Encouraging faster growth and job creation would help, as would policies — such as an expanded Earned Income Tax Credit for single, childless workers — to make existing jobs more attractive. In the long run, however, we cannot maximize either growth or opportunity unless we reforge the broken link between median wages and productivity and strike a better balance between rewards to labor and returns to capital." William A. Galston in  The Wall Street Journal .
CASSIDY: A recipe for political polarization. "With fewer gains to go around, distributional squabbles intensify — not just among various income groups but also among different social classes and ethnic groups....Meanwhile, those lucky folks at the top of the income distribution, where almost all of the incremental income has accumulated over the past couple of decades, have a big incentive to get more involved politically: to prevent the adoption of redistributive policies. To oversimplify a bit, income stagnation paired with rising inequality is a recipe for political polarization and, under the American system of divided powers, political gridlock, which is what we have. Based on the latest Census Bureau figures, there’s no sign of that changing anytime soon." John Cassidy in  The New Yorker .
Top opinion
PORTER: U.S. manufacturing is back? Not so fast. "A growing number of business analysts have been arguing that we are entering a new era of global manufacturing, with the United States at center stage. Last month, the Boston Consulting Group, following up on an earlier survey that suggested 'reshoring' of factories back to the United States was the new name of the game, issued a report that argued that the United States had the lowest manufacturing costs among major exporters in the developed world and was nearly competitive with China. But before becoming overly excited about the prospects for an American industrial renaissance, it is worth looking more skeptically at the claim that globalization has run its course." Eduardo Porter in The New York Times .
THOMA: Can new economic thinking stop the next crisis? "It is certainly true that mainstream, modern macroeconomic models failed us prior to and during the Great Recession. The models failed to give any warning at all about the crisis that was about to hit — if anything those using modern macro models resisted the idea that a bubble was inflating in housing markets — and the models failed to give us the guidance we needed to implement effective monetary and fiscal policy responses to our economic problems. But amid the calls for change in macroeconomics there is far too much attention on the tools and techniques that macroeconomists use to answer questions, and far too little attention on what really matters, the questions that economists ask." Mark Thoma in The Fiscal Times .
SMITH: Credit gets you a TV, not more economic growth. "I’m not saying I think that’s right. Maybe credit really does drive growth. Maybe excess credit really does force a boom to turn into a bust. But no one has yet come up with a really compelling, testable explanation for how that happens. And no one — except maybe Dalio — has managed to use credit levels, credit-growth levels, acceleration of the ratio of credit-to-gross domestic product, or any such measure to predict when booms and busts will happen. So this thing that almost everyone believes about the economy is really just a conjecture. Our faith in it is probably based in part on shaky analogies and bad intuition. It might be true, but we shouldn’t regard it as obvious." Noah Smith in  Bloomberg View .
JACOBS: HSAs to control costs. "Even after accounting for employer contributions to workers’ accounts, HSA-eligible plans feature much lower premiums than other forms of insurance. The average family HSA plan costs $960 less than the national average for employer plans, and $1,330 less than plans without consumer-driven features. These results are consistent with a 2012 study in the influential journal Health Affairs....The overall news on health spending remains mixed....However, the sustained popularity and effectiveness of health savings accounts since their introduction in 2004 could represent a critical piece of the puzzle in slowing health spending." Chris Jacobs in  The Wall Street Journal .
TOOBIN: The disappearing 'undue burden' standard for abortion rights. "In other words, the members of the Fifth Circuit panel seem to believe that anything short of a nationwide ban on abortion does not amount to an undue burden on women’s rights. This is the argument that will soon be heading to the Supreme Court. Will the Court’s conservatives — who appear to have, with the addition of Anthony Kennedy, a one-vote majority on this issue — define the 'undue burden' test into meaninglessness? Or will they junk the test altogether and give states an even freer hand to restrict abortion rights? O’Connor has been gone from the Supreme Court for nearly a decade. The question, now, is whether her great achievement will soon be gone, too." Jeffrey Toobin in The New Yorker .
EDSALL: Does moving poor people help? "Twenty years ago, federal poverty experts, inspired by the forceful arguments in the landmark book 'The Truly Disadvantaged,' as well as by definitive research on the harmful effects of segregation, initiated a government experiment that moved 855 low-income predominantly African-American and Hispanic families out of public housing in poverty-stricken urban areas into less impoverished neighborhoods. The results of the project have provoked an intense debate." Thomas B. Edsall in  The New York Times .
'Let It Go' interlude:  Kristen Wiig and Ellen DeGeneres sing a rendition of the "Frozen" hit song .
2. The U.S. is about to use the military to help fight Ebola
Meet the new U.S. military force Obama is deploying. "The president compared the military operation to the Pentagon’s response following the catastrophic January 2010 earthquake in Haiti. That mission, known as Operation Unified Response, included 22,000 U.S. troops, including 7,000 based on land, and spanned more than five months, the Defense Department said. Williams will lead a force that will likely include everything from medical experts to truck drivers, as the military tackles the complicated logistics and engineering effort required for the mission. Trained as an artillery officer, he previously served as a deputy chief of staff for U.S. Army Europe....The effort could cost up to $750 million in the next six months ." Dan Lamothe in  The Washington Post .
Explainer: An overview of the ramped-up U.S. response to the Ebola crisis. Associated Press .
Will the effort succeed? Only one way to find out. "It''s the largest response to an international epidemic in U.S. history, Obama said....Will it be enough? 'There is no guarantee of success, but there would be a guarantee of failure if Obama hadn't announced this plan'" said Daniel Lucey, an adjunct professor of microbiology and immunology at Georgetown University Medical Center. 'This is urban Ebola,' said Lucey, a doctor who treated Ebola patients in Sierra Leone for three weeks in August. 'It's unprecedented, and it's uncontrolled.'" Gregory Korte in  USA Today .
Explainer: This is what our troops face in Ebola-ravaged Liberia. Sarah Larimer in The Washington Post .
WHO says it needs even more money. The new magic number: $1B. "Dr. Nabarro said the funding the United Nations estimated was needed to tackle the crisis had jumped tenfold from $100 million a month ago. He justified the increase with the somber assessment that the outbreak would 'go on doubling in that sort of frequency if we don’t deal with it.' So far, he said, the appeal has raised about 30 percent of what is needed. Offers of assistance are coming in all the time, he said, but it will take 'something quite exceptional' to turn the situation around." Nick Cumming-Bruce in  The New York Times .
Mark your calendars, public-health wonks: U.N. Security Council emergency meeting on Thursday. Edith M. Lederer in the Associated Press .
The U.S. may well spend up to $1B by itself. "The Obama administration notified lawmakers Tuesday night that the Pentagon would reprogram $500 million in unobligated funds to support an expanded effort to contain the Ebola outbreak in West Africa....Taken on top of last week’s Defense Department move to redirect $500 million to Iraq and the Ebola epidemic, the Pentagon may spend up to $1 billion on combating the deadly disease....While the White House is obligated to notify Congress about any reprogramming of federal funds, lawmakers do not need to sign off on the funds. The Defense Department is already moving ahead with its earlier reprogramming request." Juliet Eilperin in The Washington Post .
Why you still shouldn't worry about a big outbreak hitting the U.S. "While warning lawmakers of the severity of the epidemic in West Africa, representatives from U.S. health agencies said the American medical system is well-equipped to care for anyone with hemorrhagic fever....It is 'entirely conceivable' that an infected person could arrive in a major U.S. city and even 'infect a person or two,' said Anthony S. Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, to a joint Senate hearing. But 'at that point, once it's recognized, the kinds of capabilities we have would make it almost impossible to have the kind of outbreak' seen in West Africa, he said.." Elise Viebeck in  The Hill .
What Fauci also said: An Ebola vaccine was given to 10 volunteers, and there are ‘no red flags’ yet. "The first human trial of an Ebola vaccine has so far produced no adverse effects, according to...Anthony Fauci, director of the NIH's Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases....The Phase I trial is being conducted at an NIH facility in Bethesda, Md. and is focused on building scientific evidence that the vaccine is safe in humans. It was developed by British drug-maker GlaxoSmithKline in conjunction with the NIH." Abby Phillip in  The Washington Post .
Background reading: Other vaccines are going to be tested, too. Jon Cohen in Science .
Other health care reads:
Rare respiratory illness has spread to a dozen states, CDC says. Mark Berman in The Washington Post .
U.S. waistlines keep expanding. Kim Painter in USA Today .
GAO says HealthCare.gov must boost security. Ricardo Alonso-Zaldivar in the Associated Press .
Health law tempers states' insurance mandates. Michelle Andrews in Kaiser Health News and NPR .
Big cities take aim at prescription painkillers. Matthew Perrone in the Associated Press .
BROZAK AND NORONHA: Why the Ebola outbreak won't end without military intervention. "Even if Ebola doesn’t mutate to become more infectious, we must accept that this virus is no longer an African problem—so far away geographically that it’s hard to imagine it touching our own lives. A single passenger on a ship or an airplane could spread the virus to another continent. The Ebola crisis is a natural disaster, like a tsunami or earthquake. But unlike natural disasters with limited global consequences, Ebola is perpetual with far-reaching implications. What we must realize is that Africa is our neighbor and Ebola’s global spread is no longer the stuff of fiction." Steve Brozak and Anne Marie Noronha in  Bloomberg Businessweek .
GOTTLIEB AND TROY: Ebola's warning for an unprepared America. "While Ebola may still be contained, other potentially calamitous threats are out there. MERS, SARS, avian flu and other illnesses could re-emerge at any time. In the American Midwest, for instance, a novel virus classified as Enterovirus 68 has recently sent some 300 children to the hospital....We need to rethink our preparedness and adopt a more modern approach for dealing with these and other looming outbreaks. The failure thus far to confront and fight Ebola comes from shortfalls in three areas: gauging the true scope of the outbreak, deploying therapeutics to effectively combat the virus, and delivering medical equipment and personnel." Scott Gottlieb and Tevi Troy in The Wall Street Journal .
Animal buddies interlude:  Friendship between an owl and a cat .
3. An update on the feds' response to the Ferguson police controversy
White House backs policy body cameras. "'We support the use of cameras and video technology by law enforcement officers, and the Department of Justice continues to research best practices for implementation,' the response read . The response also listed benefits that reports have found when law enforcement officers wore cameras. According to the report, it found police and civilians 'acted in a more positive manner' when a body-worn camera was present, the cameras presented 'new opportunities for effective training' and that the cameras can record 'useful evidence.' Questions such as what the most effective type of camera should be worn by police, whether cameras raise a privacy concern, whether they should be turned on and how long to store data collected were also raised." Kendall Breitman in  Politico .
The Feds have launched a policing bias study, Holder says. "The Justice Department has enlisted a team of criminal justice researchers to study racial bias in law enforcement in five American cities and recommend strategies to address the problem nationally, Attorney General Eric Holder said Tuesday....The five cities have not yet been selected, but the researchers involved in the project say they're bringing a holistic approach that involves training police officers on issues of racial bias, data analysis and interviews with community members. They expect to review police behavior in the cities with the hope of building community trust and creating an evidence-based model that could be applied more broadly." Eric Tucker in the Associated Press .
Charts: How we feel about the police, by race. Hunter Schwarz in The Washington Post .
School police across the country receive excess military weapons and gear. "Law enforcement agencies affiliated with at least 120 schools, colleges and universities have received gear through the program, according to a Washington Post review of data from 33 states. The items received include at least five grenade launchers, hundreds of rifles and eight mine-resistant, ambush-protected vehicles, the hulking machines designed to withstand the kind of roadside attacks seen in Iraq and Afghanistan. In some cases, the equipment has been altered and its use limited to a narrow list of severe circumstances....But the practice of transferring weapons, particularly to schools, is drawing criticism for the tone it sets." Niraj Chokshi in  The Washington Post .
Related: St. Louis County police chief defends police militarization. Aamer Madhani in USA Today .
Grand jury considering Ferguson shooting gets more time. "This extension, the second given to the St. Louis County grand jury, does not necessarily mean that the jurors will take until Jan. 7 to decide what to do. However, it provides a new deadline for when they must decide whether Darren Wilson could be charged, as well as what charges he could face, for shooting Brown on Aug. 9....He declined to comment on how much of the evidence has been presented to jurors. McCulloch has said that prosecutors will 'present absolutely everything' to the grand jury. The St. Louis County Police Department is investigating the shooting, while the FBI is conducting a separate investigation ." Mark Berman and Kimberly Kindy in  The Washington Post .
State-prison population growth offsets slight decline in federal prisoners. " The report by the Justice Department put the prison population last year at 1,574,741, an increase of about 4,300 over the previous year, but below its high of 1,615,487 in 2009. In what criminologists called an encouraging sign, the number of federal prisoners showed a modest drop for the first time in years. But the federal decline was more than offset by a jump in the number of inmates at state prisons. The report, some experts said, suggested that policy changes adopted by many states, such as giving second chances to probationers and helping nonviolent drug offenders avoid prison, were limited in their reach." Erik Eckholm in The Washington Post .
Explainer: Why the federal-prison population has fallen for the 5th straight year. Keith Humphreys in The Washington Post .
Other legal reads:
House passes "no welfare for weed" bill. Stephen Ohlemacher in the Associated Press .
Obama civil-rights nominee withdraws. Josh Gerstein in Politico .
Arizona same-sex marriage ban looks likely to fall. Lyle Denniston in SCOTUSblog .
Obama launches campaign against campus sexual assault. Nedra Pickler in the Associated Press .
Eating contest interlude:  Tiny hamster versus Kobayashi. Yep, you read that right .
4. How policymakers are taking on the NFL
How the government helps the NFL maintain its power and profitability. "There’s one reason that keeps surfacing for why Goodell has such a strong hold on his job: he keeps the NFL wildly profitable. Goodell...has been able to ink extraordinarily lucrative broadcast and cable deals for the league’s powerful owners. But it’s not all Goodell’s work, according to sports economists. The league also benefits from a litany of benefits from federal and state governments — many of which were conceived decades ago when the NFL was still a fledgling organization and Americans were just tuning in to watch games on television." Cecilia Kang in The Washington Post .
These bills to strip the tax exemption won't pass, but Congress is putting them forth anyway. "Amid uproar over the N.F.L.’s handling of domestic abuse cases involving some of its players, Senator Cory Booker, Democrat of New Jersey, has introduced a bill that would disallow major professional sports leagues, most notably the N.F.L., from claiming status as tax-exempt nonprofits. The bill is aimed at raising $100 million over 10 years...which would be used to pay for state domestic abuse programs across the country. It is unlikely to gain widespread support....Separately Tuesday, Senator Maria Cantwell, Democrat of Washington, introduced a bill to strip the N.F.L. of its tax-exempt status. She was motivated by the Washington Redskins’ failure to change their name." Marc Tracy in  The New York Times .
Explainer: Why Congress won't take away the NFL's tax break. Fred Barbash in The Washington Post .
The NFL's steps to tamp down Hill criticism amid the domestic-violence scandal. "The league soon will begin announcing the hiring of outside advisers and counselors on domestic violence, similar to the talent surge on player health-and-safety issues, including concussions. The NFL also plans to beef up its in-house staff for compliance and training, and will add domestic-violence awareness to its education programs at the high school and college levels." Mike Allen in  Politico .
Primary source: Why I'm going to work for the NFL. Cynthia C. Hogan in Politico Magazine .
Congress may probe NFL handling of Ray Rice debacle. "Congress could convene official hearings over the NFL's botched handling of the Ray Rice debacle, a prominent New York Democrat said Sunday. Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand said congressional hearings could be the next step in finding out how the NFL investigated and responded to shocking video footage that showed the former Baltimore Ravens running back knocking out his then-fiancée in a hotel elevator." Adam Edelman in New York Daily News .
The problem with the NFL's new drug-testing policy. "After years of negotiations, the NFL is nearing an agreement with the player's union to raise the threshold of marijuana needed in a player's urine to constitute a positive test....The players agree to new testing for human growth hormone, a performance enhancing drug. But here's the thing: even that new marijuana threshold is still much lower than those used in other sports. And more importantly, the whole policy is positively draconian given the chronic pain endured by most players and the fact that, by most measures, medicinal use of marijuana to relieve pain is far less harmful than the prescription painkillers they currently depend on." Joseph Stromberg in  Vox .
Science interlude:  Why you can't put metal in the microwave .
5. How regulators dropped the ball on G.M.'s recall issues
U.S. auto regulators ignored early information, congressional report says. "The report details how investigators from the agency repeatedly discounted information that did not match their assumptions....As a result, many of G.M.’s small cars, which had defective ignition switches that were prone to turn off and disable air bags, continued to crash, sometimes with fatal results. Making matters worse, some agency officials did not seem to understand the air bag technology at the heart of the case: At one point, the chief of the agency’s Defects Assessment Division wrote that he did not believe G.M.’s air bags were supposed to deploy when a driver was not wearing a seatbelt" Aaron M. Kessler in  The New York Times .
Long read: NHTSA slow to respond to deadly vehicle defects. "It frequently has been slow to identify problems, tentative to act and reluctant to employ its full legal powers against companies. The Times analyzed agency correspondence, regulatory documents and public databases and interviewed congressional and executive branch investigators, former agency employees and auto safety experts. It found that in many of the major vehicle safety issues of recent years — including unintended acceleration in Toyotas, fires in Jeep fuel tanks and air bag ruptures in Hondas, as well as the G.M. ignition defect — the agency did not take a leading role until well after the problems had reached a crisis level, safety advocates had sounded alarms and motorists were injured or died." Hilary Stout, Danielle Ivory and Rebecca R. Ruiz in The New York Times .
It bears worth mentioning... NHTSA doesn't have a permanent director right now. Associated Press .
NHTSA: We blame GM. Marilyn W. Thompson and Paul Lienert in  Reuters .
Fuel-pump recall by GM illustrates patchwork approach to safety. "For roughly three decades, regional recalls have frustrated automobile owners who have found it difficult to navigate the patchwork approach to fixing safety problems. The recalls have also been a focus of consumer advocacy groups, which complain that they save automakers millions of dollars while running the risk that, in a mobile society, some dangerous vehicles will not be fixed. Advocacy groups have tried unsuccessfully to eliminate regional recalls." Christopher Jensen in The New York Times .
Background reading: Documents show GM kept silent on fatal crashes. Rebecca R. Ruiz and Danielle Ivory in The New York Times .
Other transportation reads:
Animal talent interlude:  Archerfish spits with great aim .
Wonkblog roundup
What HUD Secretary Julian Castro says needs to be done to boost homeownership, and cut down on rental costs.  Dina ElBoghdady .
We’re actually doing better fighting poverty than the poverty rate shows.  Emily Badger .
Mapping the future of sea-level rise on the Potomac, the Chesapeake and the Atlantic.  Lori Montgomery .
Uh-oh, the credit rating agencies are up to their old tricks again.  Matt O'Brien .
Surge, everyone’s favorite ’90s soda, is back, and it’s already selling like crazy.  Roberto A. Ferdman .
The U.S. imprisonment rate has fallen for the fifth straight year. Here’s why.  Keith Humphreys .
The young and the old got a raise last year, but everyone else is stuck.  Jonnelle Marte .
One in every nine people in the world is still chronically hungry.  Roberto A. Ferdman .
Avon splits with trade group, citing risk of pyramid schemes.  Max Ehrenfreund .
Teen drug and alcohol use continues to fall, new federal data show.  Christopher Ingraham .
Child poverty is finally declining for the first time since 2000.  Emily Badger .
What the new uninsured numbers don’t tell us about Obamacare.  Jason Millman .
The decline of the small American family farm in one chart.  Roberto A. Ferdman .
Et Cetera
U.N. chief says climate summit will lay groundwork for carbon price. Zack Colman in the Washington Examiner .
Feds release details on Shell's Arctic drilling ambitions. Jennifer A. Dlouhy in the Houston Chronicle .
Syria measure likely to pass despite doubts in both parties. Daniel Newhauser, Rachel Roubein and Billy House in  National Journal .
Jindal, potential 2016 GOP candidate, lays out energy platform. Gabriel Debenedetti and Valerie Volcovici in Reuters .
NASA picks Boeing, SpaceX to ferry astronauts. Marcia Dunn in the Associated Press .
Pregnancy a disability? HUD finds mortgage lenders deny loans to new, expectant moms. Emily Wax-Thibodeaux in  The Washington Post .
U.S. can't declare victory in border crisis just yet. Erin Kelly in  Gannett .
For-profit Corinthian Colleges sued for predatory lending. Josh Boak in the Associated Press .
Got tips, additions, or comments?  E-mail us .
Wonkbook is produced with help from Michelle Williams and Ryan McCarthy.

Northern Californias rapidly expanding King Fire threatened more than 1 600 homes overnightBy Abby Ohlheiser September 17 Follow @abbyohlheiser
Fire crews in Northern California continue to battle a wildfire that has already destroyed about 150 homes, authorities said. (Reuters)
Wildfires continue to besiege drought-dried Northern California , where firefighters battled the worst conflagration — the rapidly expanding King fire — into the morning as the blaze threatened to jump U.S. Route 50 and burn into a community on the other side of the highway.
The King fire, in a forested area east of Sacramento, spread rapidly overnight as it threatened 1,632 homes . The fire was 12,780 acres on Tuesday night, according to the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection . But by Wednesday morning, Cal Fire reported that the blaze had grown to 18,544 acres and was 5 percent contained.
By comparison, the King fire had been “holding steady”  at 3,900 acres on Monday afternoon, according to the Sacramento Bee.
The fire was so large that it was clearly visible from space , according to Reid Wiseman, a U.S. astronaut aboard the International Space Station.
Fires near #Tahoe – they looked enormous from up here. pic.twitter.com/OTZNbkNVso
— Reid Wiseman (@astro_reid) September 16, 2014
The fire’s explosive growth and rapid movement “prompted specially trained federal firefighters to take command of the fire early Tuesday morning,” USA Today reported , adding:
By nightfall, groups of firefighters were setting off small burns to try to slow the spread, anxious to prevent one flank of the fire from crossing south of Highway 50 from the canyon along the south fork of the American River to the small community that lives in the scenic, heavily wooded area. The fire had reached the edge of Highway 50 late Tuesday. Giant explosions of fire sent massive clouds of smoke and sparks high into the air above the road, a breathtaking sight that carried the threat of setting evergreens on either side of the road ablaze.
Here’s a Cal Fire map of the perimeter, from Tuesday:
(Cal Fire/Google)
But that doesn’t necessarily get across just how close the fire came to that highway. This image, from USA Today’s Trevor Hughes, does:
This picture shows #KingFire on left of Highway 50, firefighters staged to stop it crossing. pic.twitter.com/kRGpELc1Mb — Trevor Hughes (@TrevorHughes) September 17, 2014
As of early Wednesday, the fire hadn’t jumped into the Pollock Pines community south of the highway, but officials closed a portion of the highway in both directions. Hughes drove the perimeter of the blaze overnight, and reported that the fire was, for now, “generally away from homes.”
#BREAKING #KingFire Erupting along hwy50 pic.twitter.com/vX2Nr2S2cH — stevelarge_cbs13 (@largesteven) September 17, 2014
You can see embers floating up and across 50. That’s why firefighters have been soaking trees on the EB side. pic.twitter.com/1wzhfVbNqH — Nick Janes (@nick_janes) September 17, 2014
According to Reno’s NBC affiliate, KRNV, officials expect the fire to continue spreading for at least a couple more days.
More than 6,500 firefighters are working to slow the fire, as the blaze consumes steep, forested Sierra Nevada terrain. The cause of the  fire is still under investigation.
Two firefighters have been injured battling the blaze, Lynn Tolmachoff, a spokeswoman for Cal Fire, told the Auburn Journal . “One was minor the other was moderate and that firefighter was taken to an area hospital as the result of a fall,” she said.
A model from the National Weather Service’s Sacramento office suggested that smoke from the fire could reach into Nevada by Wednesday morning.
Model indicating where potential smoke may spread too by 7 am Wednesday morning. http://t.co/YpmedC3UPZ #Kingfire #CAwx
— NWS Sacramento (@NWSSacramento) September 17, 2014
The King fire is one of 11 major wildfires burning in California right now, thanks to soaring temperatures, high winds and the historic drought plaguing much of the state. These are extremely favorable conditions for wildfires, and on Wednesday, Cal Fire released a statement explaining that the conditions are expected to continue/
“Weather in most areas will again not be in the favor of firefighters,” the statement said. “A Red Flag Warning for high fire danger remains in effect today for much of Siskiyou, Lassen and Modoc counties due to strong winds and low humidity. Across most of the rest of the state, hot temperatures are again expected to raise the fire danger level.
The fires across the state have prompted the evacuation of thousands from their homes. Wednesday, Cal Fire said that “several thousand residents remain evacuated,” even as communities begin to assess the damage in areas  hit by the fires.
The Boles fire destroyed 150 structures in the town of Weed alone, as Jefferson Public Radio reported:
“The fire reduced entire neighborhoods to smoldering rubble. It burned more than 150 homes in just a few hours, destroyed two churches and the town’s library, damaged an elementary school and burned portions of the town’s largest employer, Roseburg Forest Products Mill.”
Cal Fire is offering a $10,000 reward for information on  how the Boles fire began.
Here is a map of the general locations for some of the state’s active and contained wildfires, per Cal Fire :
View California Fire Map in a larger map
(This post has been updated.)
Abby Ohlheiser is a general assignment reporter for The Washington Post.

AI suspends pilot  ten cabin crew membersAir India suspends pilot, ten cabin crew members for indiscipline
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 17, 2014  | 22:47 IST
Taking its crew to task for lack of discipline, Air India on Wednesday suspended a pilot and ten cabin crew members for delaying some recent flights, including an international service, by not reporting for duty on time.
The suspensions were carried out after repeated complaints of various nature, including careless handling of passengers or flight delays caused by delayed arrival of crew members, Air India officials said.
The suspension orders were issued this afternoon after carrying out inquiries into each case of indiscipline, they told PTI in New Delhi.
The national carrier's Newark-Mumbai flight AI-144 had a delayed departure of over two hours on September 14 as the pilot failed to arrive at the airport on time, the officials, requesting anonymity, said.
Without disclosing the total number of flights or passengers affected by such behaviour of the crew members, the officials said there were complaints regarding improper behaviour of some crew members or improper handling of passenger complaints.
Some crew members were also found to be perpetually late while reporting for duty, thus delaying the flights, the officials said, adding disciplinary action was being taken to check any inconvenience to passengers and instill a sense of responsibility amongst the crew.

Conversations with Obama: Actor Pablo Schreiber challenged the president to a game of one-on-oneBy JulieAnn McKellogg September 17 Follow @jmckellogg
If given a few minutes to talk one-on-one with President Obama music producer Timbaland, ballet dancer Misty Copeland and "Fort Bliss" actors Pablo Schreiber, Michelle Monaghan, Emmanuelle Chriqui and Gbenga Akinnagbe tell us whether they'd talk up their favorite cause, latest work or just ask to play some hoops. (JulieAnn McKellogg/The Washington Post)
You walk into a room and President Obama is sitting there (This actually happens. It did to my sister. So be ready.) What do you say to him?
We’re putting celebrities up to the test. Do they pitch their cause? We asked music producer Timbaland and Misty Copeland, who were in town this week to attend the Boys and Girls Clubs of America annual gala. Or do they try to convince the president to watch their latest flick? Actors Pablo Schreiber, Michelle Monaghan, Emmanuelle Chriqui and Gbenga Akinnagbe tell us whether they’d talk up their new movie “Fort Bliss” and what they learned in making the film about issues facing military families. Or do you just ask to play some hoops?
Read more Reliable Source:

Widows from other states should not crowd Mathura: Hema Malinisocial problems
She said there are already 40,000 widows in Vrindavan and there was no room to accommodate more
Actor-turned politician Hema Malini has stoked a controversy with her remarks that widows from West Bengal and Bihar should not crowd Vrindavan, the holy city in Uttar Pradesh and home to thousands of destitute women.
“If they (widows) are not from here then there is no need for them to come here from other states. There are many famous temples in Bengal and Bihar too,” where they can stay, the 65-year-old Lok Sabha BJP MP said.
On a visit to her parliamentary constituency Mathura, of which Vrindavan is a part, she said there are already 40,000 widows in Vrindavan and there was no room to accommodate more.
“There are 40,000 widows in Vrindavan. I think there is no more place in the city. A large population is coming from Bengal... that’s not right. Why don’t they stay in Bengal? There are nice temples there. The same is true for those from Bihar,” she said.
The responsibility of looking after widows should be of states from where they hail, she said.
Ms. Malini, who won the Lok Sabha seat from Mathura in the recent elections with a big margin, said she would speak to West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee and others on the issue.

Japan Seeks Backing for Whaling Despite UN RulingAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

How Julian Castro plans to lower your rent and help you buy a homePresident Obama shakes hands with San Antonio Mayor Julian Castro at the White House on May 23 after nominating him to lead the Department of Housing and Urban Development. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais)
 
Housing and Urban Development Secretary Julian Castro on Tuesday laid out two of his main priorities going forward: boosting homeownership and combating the nation’s “rental housing crisis.”
In his first public policy speech since joining HUD in July, the former San Antonio mayor said that he criss-crossed the country during his first weeks in office to get a feel for what HUD does and what it needs to do. Here’s some of what he told the crowd Tuesday (his 40th birthday) at the Bipartisan Policy Center’s housing summit in Washington about his top goals:
Expanding homeownership. Just minutes into his speech , Castro said he’ll work to boost homeownership for all Americans, not just those with stellar credit. “It’s time to remove the stigma associated with promoting homeownership,” he said.
After the mortgage meltdown, lenders tightened their standards and began demanding higher credit scores than required for government-backed loans, including those insured by HUD’s Federal Housing Administration. Castro said it’s time for that to stop. “The pendulum has swung too far in the other direction,” he said. “The truth is that the dream of homeownership is out of reach for too many Americans.”
But Castro acknowledged that getting lenders to ease up will be tough. As we detailed in a story earlier this month , the industry says it’s getting mixed messages from Washington. The government wants lenders to approve more mortgages. But it also forced lenders to buy back billions of dollars in loans after the housing market unraveled, and it continues to trumpet massive legal settlements with large banks. Against that backdrop, lenders say they see no reason to widen access to credit. They also say they need more clarity on the rules that govern when enforcement actions can be taken against them.
“Many have been reluctant to lend because they fear unanticipated consequences,” Castro said in his speech. “They need to be able to manage their risk better – and so does FHA. So we’re making it easier for them to partner with us by overhauling our ‘Single Family Handbook.’ ”
Translation: The FHA is working to compile all its policy guidelines into one document. “By clarifying the compliance process, we’re giving lenders the confidence they need to lend, while protecting our financial health,” Castro said.
Making rent more affordable. Castro’s predecessor at HUD, Shaun Donovan, had often said the nation is in the midst of “the worst rental affordability crisis” ever. Castro said the same Tuesday and, along the way, managed to plug legislation that would overhaul the nation’s housing finance system.
The legislation – authored by Sens. Tim Johnson (D-S.D.) and Mike Crapo (R-Idaho) – is designed to dismantle Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. It includes a provision that would use industry fees to fund various programs designed to meet affordable housing needs, instead of continuing to impose affordable housing mandates on Fannie and Freddie. The mortgage finance giants are required to buy a percentage of mortgages made for single-family homes and multi-family properties in underserved areas.
Castro said the Johnson-Crapo bill would dedicate billions of dollars every year to producing affordable housing, and presents an “unprecedented opportunity that we can’t afford to waste.” But the chance may have slipped away. After passing a key Senate committee in May, the bill has stalled and there’s no plan to revive it any time soon.
Castro also said he would work to preserve existing affordable housing. “The nation is losing 10,000 units of public housing every year, mainly due to disrepair,” he said.  Another grim statistic on that front: There’s a $26 billion backlog in capital needs for public housing buildings. And more challenges: HUD has received applications to convert more than 180,000 units of public housing into long-term Section 8 contracts, but its authority is limited to converting only 60,000 units in a year. Castro said HUD has asked Congress to lift the cap.
But will Congress come through with that -- and with more funding?  “In recent decades, as needs have gone up, HUD’s resources have gone down,” Castro said.  In 1981, HUD had roughly 16,500 employees. Today, it has 8,500.
 

Delusional war planningBy Jennifer Rubin September 17 Follow @JRubinBlogger
The Senate Armed Service Committee hearing on the war against the Islamic State yesterday was not a confidence booster. You got the distinct feeling the administration hadn’t thought through its own plan and was motivated not by the end goal of defeating the Islamic State, but by its desire to keep the U.S. at arm’s length from a war it knows must be fought and won.
Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Martin Dempsey testifies on the Islamic State (IS) during a Senate Armed Services Committee hearing on Capitol Hill in Washington, DC, September 16, 2014. (AFP PHOTO / Saul Loeb/Getty Images)
There was this exchange between Joint Chiefs chairman Gen. Martin E. Dempsey and Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.):
DEMPSEY: What I believe, Senator, is that as we train [the Free Syrian Army] and develop a military chain of command linked to a political structure, that we can establish objectives that defer that challenge into the future. We do not have to deal with it now.
MCCAIN: That’s a fundamental misunderstanding of the entire concept and motivation of the Free Syrian Army. That — it is Bashar Assad that has killed many more of them than ISIL has.
DEMPSEY: I agree.
MCCAIN: And for to us say that we are going to go in and help and train and equip these people and only to fight against ISIL, you’re not gonna get many recruits to do that, General. I guarantee you that. And that’s a fundamental fallacy in everything you are presenting the — this committee today.
McCain’s point seems indisputable, but the general — and many opposed to further U.S. involvement — don’t want to “take sides” in the Syrian civil war. This, as McCain points out, is a fallacy. We need Assad and the Islamic State to lose. McCain also made the point that the plan to train 5,000 FSA troops in a year is grossly inadequate to deal with an Islamic State force of tens of thousands.
But how does that come about and how do we defeat the Islamic State on both sides of the Iraq-Syria border? Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) made clear the administration — and critics of arming the FSA — are misguided if not delusional:
GRAHAM: So, now let’s get to Syria. To destroy ISIL, if two-thirds of ISIL’s in Syria, do you agree that somebody’s got to go in on the ground and dig them out eventually?
DEMPSEY: Somebody.
GRAHAM: OK.
DEMPSEY: Yes, sir.
GRAHAM: And it’s better for us to be part of that somebody than just to be the only ones doing it?
DEMPSEY: Absolutely.
When Graham asks if there is any Arab army that can go into Syria on the ground without U.S. ground support, Dempsey danced around the meaning of ground support. Graham plunged on, asking what happens if the Arab army (which, you will note, has yet to exist and is unlikely to materialize without a U.S. ground component) should fail:
GRAHAM: OK, well, we’re having a semantic problem here. But the bottom line is, what does it mean to the world if we take on ISIL and they defeat the people we send in to take them on? That’s a bad day for us. Do you agree?
DEMPSEY: It’s a bad day for the region, yes, sir.
GRAHAM: Bad day for the world, isn’t it?
DEMPSEY: It is.
GRAHAM: Do you agree with me this is probably our last best chance to put these guys in a box and keep them there?
DEMPSEY:I think it’s our last best chance to convince regional governments that if they don’t solve their internal problems, we can’t do it for them, and they better get serious about it.
GRAHAM: What if the following happens: the regional players say that I don’t trust the United States because you’ve been so unreliable. You have drawn red lines and done nothing. You withdrew from Iraq and left the place in shambles. That I really don’t want to follow your leadership because I don’t think you’re capable of winning the war because you don’t have the resolve. What if they tell us we’re not gonna do anything other than maybe drop a few bombs?
Would you consider the recommendation to the president that allowing ISIL to maintain a safe haven in Syria and to grow in capability over time is a major threat to the United States? Could you envision yourself recommending to the president, if nobody else will help us, that we go in on the ground and clean these guys out in Syria if we had to?
DEMPSEY: Yeah, I haven’t confronted that question yet, Senator, but I’ll react to it. I don’t think that even where — if we were to go in and — on the ground, armored divisions with flags unfurled…
GRAHAM: The full weight of the military?
DEMPSEY: I don’t think we would do anything more than push this problem further to the right. This has got to be — to your point. If — if we don’t get the kind of coalition I’m describing, then we’re into a very narrow [counter-terrorism] framework in my view. . . .
GRAHAM: Is it fair to say that if we don’t contain this threat and eventually destroy it, that it gets worse over time, in a year from now, if they’re still flourishing in Syria and this coalition hadn’t come about, America’s endangered of — more in danger of a major attack than we are today?
DEMPSEY: Yes.
GRAHAM: Thank you.
In short, the president has premised a fight against an existential threat to the U.S. on two nearly-impossible-to-imagine claims: We can do this without significant U.S. ground forces, and we can expect an effective pan-Arab Sunni army to appear and take out the Islamic State. Who believes either premise is really true, let alone both? As for the “air only” approach there is not a single military official nor respected outside expert who says that will be sufficient. Senators who say that it is are misinformed or dissembling.
Perhaps the most useful testimony from Dempsey came in response to Sen. Joe Manchin (D-W.Va.), who seemed to be arguing for a fortress America mentality:
[O]ne of the things you can count on the United States military to recommend is that every — you know, to belabor the metaphor of ground game and other sports analogies, look, I’m always going to come to you and tell you what I think we need to play an away game. I don’t want to play a home game. I will promise you this, left unaddressed, the issues in the Middle East will affect probably our European allies far more than us initially. And I believe they are awakening to that reality, by the way. There will be a period of unrest in the Middle East that initially will probably just be an economic challenge but could ultimately actually threaten us directly here in the homeland. And so we have to — this is — actually, we don’t have a choice. I mean, if I could wall up continental United States and somehow assure you that the people of West Virginia will remain safe, I would do it, Senator, but we can’t.
We lack, I fear, a political class that understands the implications of this and is courageous enough to do what is politically unpopular. But Dempsey is right: We have no choice. We dearly hope it doesn’t take another Sept. 11 to wake up the politicians.
 
Jennifer Rubin writes the Right Turn blog for The Post, offering reported opinion from a conservative perspective.

Pop cultures childish heroes and our fantasies of youthBy Alyssa Rosenberg September 17 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
In a long essay published in the New York Times Magazine last week , film critic A.O. Scott weighed into the debate over the validity of young adult fiction as reading material for not-so-young adults and identified a larger confusion in our culture.
Lena Dunham in “Girls.” (Jessica Miglio/HBO via Associated Press)
“Not only have shows like ‘The Sopranos’ and ‘Mad Men’ heralded the end of male authority; we’ve also witnessed the erosion of traditional adulthood in any form, at least as it used to be portrayed in the formerly tried-and-true genres of the urban cop show, the living-room or workplace sitcom and the prime-time soap opera,” he wrote.
“Instead, we are now in the age of ‘Girls,’ ‘Broad City,’ ‘Masters of Sex’ (a prehistory of the end of patriarchy), ‘Bob’s Burgers’ (a loopy post-’Simpsons’ family cartoon) and a flood of goofy, sweet, self-indulgent and obnoxious improv-based web videos. What all of these shows grasp at, in one way or another, is that nobody knows how to be a grown-up anymore.”
Scott notes that there is a long tradition of rebellion against the existing vision of adulthood in American mass culture, premised on the idea the childish rascals of today will grow up to be the reformist adults of tomorrow. But today, he suggests, pop culture sees adulthood as an institution that is incapable of change for the better. Men do not want to be obligated to be financially responsible or morally upstanding, while women are disgusted by their assignment to wrangle men into compliance with the norms they resist generation after generation.
While I agree with some of this diagnosis and with critics such as Jeet Heer and the journalist David Roberts, who took to Twitter to try to define what it means to be an adult, it strikes me that there is something a bit off with Scott’s definition of childhood.
“It is now possible to conceive of adulthood as the state of being forever young,” Scott writes. “Childhood, once a condition of limited autonomy and deferred pleasure (‘wait until you’re older’), is now a zone of perpetual freedom and delight. Grown people feel no compulsion to put away childish things: We can live with our parents, go to summer camp, play dodge ball, collect dolls and action figures and watch cartoons to our hearts’ content.”
There is something strange about both of these definitions, given the nature of much of the popular culture about young people that has become wildly popular in recent years. Stories such as J.K. Rowling’s “Harry Potter” books or Suzanne Collins’s “Hunger Games” trilogy are certainly pleasurable in their plotting and characterization. But these books, and even more realistic stories such as John Green’s “ The Fault in Our Stars, ” are about the intrusion of serious responsibilities and even grave danger on that supposed “zone of perpetual freedom and delight.”
When Harry Potter learns that he is a wizard, the joy of getting to leave the home of his awful aunt and uncle and the discovery that he has magical powers is tempered by the news that his parents were murdered and that he remains a target for assassination. Much of Rowling’s series is concerned with how Harry grapples with the responsibilities that prevent him from indulging fully in the array of treats particular to his childhood.
“The Hunger Games” strips away the idea of childhood idylls entirely. When we meet Katniss Everdeen and her family, she is sneaking outside the fence that surrounds her community to hunt the game that will raise her family above bare subsistence. At age 12, children become eligible for selection for a tournament that forces them to fight to the death. When Katniss’s sister Prim is chosen, Katniss volunteers in her place, preserving Prim’s childhood, granting Prim a few more years of what is still a relatively grim childhood.
In “The Fault In Our Stars,” Green’s teenaged protagonists are taken out of the realm of normal childhood by cancer, then choose to vault ahead into adult experiences of love and sex, sensing that they have little time left in which to live. Stephenie Meyer’s “Twilight” novels presume that its heroine, Bella Swan, is capable of grappling with enormous decisions about marriage and mortality before she has even graduated from high school.
This narrowing window of childhood before adult responsibility and accountability descends is not merely fantasy — it is a reflection of changing cultural and economic trends that simultaneously ask young people to be more responsible even as it becomes more difficult to live up to the standards set out for them.
We have increased our emphasis on standardized testing, even as it becomes clearer that what happens outside the classroom plays a critical role in children’s ability to learn . New norms make it easier for young people to request sexually explicit images of each other , and new technology makes it incredibly easy to distribute those pictures far beyond their intended audiences .
And as my colleague Catherine Rampell wrote this week , “Standard, American-dream-style signposts still retain an incredibly strong hold over young people’s desires and aspirations. What’s changed is that basic goals such as getting married, having a secure job and owning a home have drifted further out of reach.”
We are setting new benchmarks for children even as we fail to remedy the challenges that made it difficult to clear the old ones. We put responsibility for maintaining young people’s reputations on them, rather than on the technology companies and social norms that render them vulnerable. And when old markers of adulthood become harder to attain, we blame young adults for not wanting them or not working hard enough for them. No wonder childhood and adulthood feels like such a risky, even futile time.
The adult rebels Scott describes are not just rejecting the expectations of adulthood. To a certain extent, they are demanding a shot at a vision of childhood that might seem escapist for plenty of contemporary kids, too. If we are going to talk about what adulthood ought to be, gender roles and all, it might profit us to think about what we want childhood to be as well and what the transition between those states might look like. That is hardly a frivolous or purely pleasurable project. But it is a tremendously important one.
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

Maryland to smooth rough ride on I-95By Robert Thomson September 17 Follow @RT_Thomson
Overnight paving on southbound I-95 between the Intercounty Connector and Route 198 will close up to three lanes at a time.
Paving is scheduled to start on that miserable stretch of pavement in the work zone on southbound Interstate 95 between the Baltimore and Washington beltways.
Drivers who have experienced this rattling ride for several years know the area I’m talking about. But for others, it’s the road work zone between the Intercounty Connector and Route 198 interchanges, where the lane shifts occur.
The Maryland State Highway Administration is scheduled to start the resurfacing on Wednesday night, but it will take up to four weeks of overnight lane closings to complete. Sunday through Thursday nights, the paving will close a single lane starting at 8 p.m., followed by double-lane or triple-lane closings at 11 p.m. All lanes are scheduled to reopen by 5 a.m. each morning. Watch for uneven paving after overnight work.
The lane closings may cause traffic delays. Fortunately, this is an area where drivers have north-south alternatives: the Baltimore-Washington Parkway, Route 1 and Route 29.
Even when the I-95 lanes close, all the ramps along the highway are scheduled to remain open.
The lane shifts that created the rough surface have allowed construction of collector-distributor lanes and a new I-95 interchange between the Intercounty Connector and Route 198. Collector-distributor lanes are basically very long merge lanes added to highways where interchanges are close together. Construction of the new interchange at the relocated Contee Road meant that three interchanges — the ICC, Contee Road and Route 198 — would be close together.
This is one of the final portions of the Intercounty Connector project. Work got underway in 2012 on the collector-distributor lanes and a new I-95 interchange. Repaving on the northbound side of I-95 was done during August.
The last section of the ICC, between I-95 and Route 1, should open to traffic late this year, the highway administration says.
Robert Thomson is The Washington Post’s “Dr. Gridlock.” He answers travelers’ questions, listens to their complaints and shares their pain on the roads, trains and buses in the Washington region.

Adam Jones pied everyone after Orioles clinched American League EastBy Scott Allen September 17 Follow @ScottSAllen
(Via MLB.com)
Adam Jones and his Orioles teammates celebrated Baltimore’s first American League East title since 1997 the same way they’ve celebrated most of their wins at home this season — with pie. Beer, too. But also a lot of pie.
Jones, who has pied teammates throughout the season with $28 pies delivered by the  Dangerously Delicious Pies shop , worked overtime as the Orioles’ unofficial pie man on Tuesday.
Jones pied Orioles outfielder Nick Markakis, who was holding his youngest son. 
Jones pied Orioles fans who stuck around for the postgame celebration.
Jones had a seemingly endless supply of pies.
Seriously, where did Jones get all these pies?
Mary Wortman, co-owner of the Dangerously Delicious shop in Baltimore, said two pies were delivered to the Orioles clubhouse before Tuesday’s game, per usual.
“One’s for eating and one’s for smashing,” Wortman said. “If they don’t use them, they kind of build up in the refrigerator. Sometimes they save them. It looked like they were even using the ones that we gave them to eat. I think they were just kind of caught up in the moment.”
Wortman said that Orioles fans stopped by the shop and wrote good luck messages inside the boxes that were used to deliver Tuesday’s pies — a Strawberry Cream and a Reese’s Cream.
“That was a first,” she said.
Eventually, though, the supply of tasty pies ran out, and Jones had to settle for a shaving cream and beer pie.
And Adam Jones post-pie… pic.twitter.com/sC4rYxoscx — Luke Jones (@BaltimoreLuke) September 17, 2014
Orioles Manager Buck Showalter didn’t take a pie on Tuesday, but said he would after Game 7 of the World Series. 
Buck said it. Game 7 he will take a pie. Just sayin… — DangerouslyDelicious (@dangerouspies) September 17, 2014
Thanks to @adammcginnis and  @ChrisMottram , who took some excellent Vines of the Nationals’ celebration as well.
Scott Allen writes about all things D.C. sports. Follow him on Twitter @ScottSAllen or e-mail him if you’ve got a tip to share.

Narendra Modi bonds with Xi in Ahmedabad  India  China sign three MoUsXi in Delhi; talks today with Modi on bilateral trade, border
HT Correspondents , Hindustan Times  Ahmedabad/ New Delhi, September 17, 2014
First Published: 18:48 IST(17/9/2014) | Last Updated: 09:22 IST(18/9/2014)
Comments
China's President Xi Jinping will hold talks with Prime Minister Narendra Modi in New Delhi on Thursday, the second day of his visit to the country.
President Xi Jinping was given a ceremonial reception at the Rashtrapati Bhavan in the morning . He will then visit the Samadhi of Mahatma Gandhi at Rajghat, and then call on External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj.
Prime Minister Modi and President Xi will then hold bi-lateral discussions following which both the leaders will make a media statement at Hyderabad House.
On Wednesday, China's president Xi Jinping arrived to a lavish welcome in Ahmedabad, kicking off a three-day visit aimed at rebooting ties with massive Chinese investments in India, especially in infrastructure.
The choice of Ahmedabad as Xi's first stop in India, rather than New Delhi, marked a departure from protocol that many see as part of an effort to put a positive gloss on bilateral ties that still suffer from lingering distrust, despite growing trade.
Xi, accompanied by his wife Peng Liyuan and a delegation of senior party and government officials, was received by Modi at the Hyatt hotel, where Modi was waiting for him at the porch and greeted him with a long and warm handshake.
The two leaders then had a brief meeting followed by the signing of three memoranda of understanding (MoUs).
Chinese President Xi Jinping receives warm welcome in Ahmedabad
The MoUs included one on setting up of an industrial park in Gujarat and another to make Guangzhou and Ahmedabad sister cities. By the end of Xi's trip, Chinese investments totalling some $100 billion, particularly in modernising Indian railways, are expected to be announced.
Shortly after, Modi and Xi, both dressed in informal, half-sleeved jackets, met at the Sabarmati Ashram, where the prime minster personally guided the president through an exhibition on Gandhi's life.
 
Xi paid respects to a Gandhi statue with a namaste. The two leaders sat on the floor next to a charkha, and through the tour, continued to engage in a conversation--sometimes with interpreters and sometimes on their own. The president was also given gifts by the ashram.
The two then went for a walk on the Sabarmati riverfront.
 
Thereafter, men and women in traditional Gujarati dresses performed some folk dance and music in front of the Chinese guests. Xi and Modi, who turned 64 on Wednesday, were later headed to a lavish vegetarian dinner.
 
Xi travels to Delhi Wednesday evening and the two sides will hold delegation level talks on Thursday.
 
The day was marked many novelties--of a Chinese head of state starting a bilateral visit from Gujarat, of an Indian PM not only receiving him outside Delhi  but both leaders witnessing official agreements between the two countries outside Delhi, of a PM personally guiding a president of China, unhurriedly, through Gandhi's ashram, and a dinner with Gujarati vegetarian delicacies that Xi, Ahmedabad hopes, would remember for a long time.
 
Earlier in the day, Wang Hejun, economic and commercial counselor of the Chinese embassy in India, said China and India would sign a $6.8 billion deal to establish two industrial parks aimed at reducing trade imbalances.  
That came on the back of news that Indian carrier IndiGo had signed a $2.6 billion deal with the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (ICBC) for the lender to finance more than 30 new aircraft.
Read: Indigo inks $2.6 bn leasing deal with Chinese bank
 
Besides investments, India is banking on China's track record at building highways, railways, and industrial zones to upgrade its creaky infrastructure. India is also eager to address the imbalance in their annual trade, which now totals around $65 billion but is skewed toward imports of Chinese electrical equipment and parts.
 
But their ties are tested by a decades-old border dispute and fears of China's growing military and economic might. Earlier this week, Xi visited Sri Lanka and Maldives, both traditional allies of India who have unnerved New Delhi by growing closer to Beijing.
 
Modi appeared to be unbothered by those visits, alluding Tuesday to ancient Sino-Indian ties dating back to a Chinese Buddhist monk, Xuan Zang, who spent time in Modi's village in Gujarat in 600 AD.
Read: India-China ties under the Mahatma’s shadow
 
In another wrinkle ahead of Xi's trip, India on Monday extended a $100-million export credit for defence deals to Vietnam and tightened energy ties with the country, which has strained ties with China, over an increasingly ugly territorial dispute in the South China Sea.
Besides, the presence in India of Dalai Lama, who Beijing calls a splitist, continues to a source of tension between the two countries. Police detained a small group of Tibetan protesters from outside China's embassy in Delhi on Wednesday. Other Tibetans were held in Gujarat.
 

IS militants ban math  social studies for childrenIslamic State militants ban maths, social studies for children
PTI
print
Thousands of children in swaths of war-torn Syria, now controlled by dreaded Islamic State militants, can no longer study maths or social studies under new diktats issued by the jihadists.
While sports is banned, the children will not be allowed to learn about elections and democracy. Instead, the children will be subjected to the teachings of the radical Islamist group. And any teacher who dares to break the rules "will be punished." ISIS announced its new educational demands in fliers posted on billboards and on street poles, CNN reported.
The Sunni militant group has captured a slew of Syrian and Iraqi cities in recent months as it tries to establish a caliphate, or Islamic state, spanning Sunni parts of both countries.
In the letter, IS said alternative courses will be added. It also said teachers must erase the phrase Syrian Arab Republic -- the official name of Syria -- and replace it with Islamic State.
Read: US may send ground troops, IS video threatens to kill them
Educators cannot teach nationalistic and ethnic ideology and must instead teach "the belonging to Islam ... and to denounce infidelity and infidels." Books cannot include any reference to evolution. And teachers must say that the laws of physics and chemistry "are due to Allah's rules and laws." The letter ends with a firm warning: "This is an obligatory announcement, and all violators will be punished." 200 Syrians killed in one day.
The brutal advances of ISIS in Syria come as the country grapples with a three-year civil war with no clear victor in sight. The UN estimates more than 190,000 people have died in the violence between Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's regime and rebels seeking an end to four decades of al-Assad family rule.
In recent weeks, the IS militants killed two American journalists and a British aid worker, prompting world leaders to form joint front to eliminate the newest threat.
The IS group has carried out abuses including beheadings and crucifixions, and faced a backlash from Syrian rebel groups opposed to its violations and harsh interpretation of Islam.

If Scotland votes to secede  it joins very rare companyBy Philip Bump September 17 Follow @pbump
This post has been updated.
Countries don't like it when regions decide they want to be independent. When the American South decided it wanted to secede, the United States government spent 1861 to 1865 convincing it that it had made a bad decision. (Not everyone was convinced.) This is the history of the world: New countries are often formed only after bloodshed.
Making what's happening in Scotland on Thursday rather unique. If it votes to secede from Great Britain -- which polling suggests is a solid "maybe"  -- it will become one of only a few countries to have been born by a vote. (Visit  AreTheScotsIndependentYet.com for an immediate answer to the question.)
What constitutes a secession of the sort that Scotland might experience is itself tricky to define. We turned to the CIA World Fact Book  to find countries that it considers to have save been created by secession. But that, too, wasn't clear. Take Panama. It seceded from Colombia, but (as those who've been watching the PBS special on the Roosevelts this week know) it was hardly as simple as their shaking hands with Colombia's president. Or Kosovo. In the eyes of the United States, it is an independent country. That opinion is not shared. And Crimea. Did its vote count?
Here's what our best research suggests are the only countries (and, for kicks, American states) to have been born through secession and that still exist. If we missed something, let us know. But given how rare secessions are, we are pretty confident we didn't.
Update: We did. We forgot Norway and East Timor.
Philip Bump writes about politics for The Fix. He previously wrote for The Wire, the news blog of The Atlantic magazine. He has contributed to The Daily Beast, The Atlantic, The Daily, and the Huffington Post. Philip is based in New York City.

Ebola Survivor  Health Officials Testify Before House HearingSPECIAL LIVE COVERAGE FROM ABC NEWS
EXPLORE.ORG: Maya's Puppy Litter
RADAR: Storms Developing in the South
WARNING: VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAMING COVERAGE
LIVE Coverage Calendar

India to enter Mars orbit on September 24Updated: September 22, 2014 09:25 IST
India to enter Mars orbit on September 24
IANS
The Hindu Scientists and engineers from the Indian Space Research Organisation monitor India's Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM) at the ISRO Telemetry, Tracking and Command Network which controls the orbiter in Bangalore on September 15, 2014. Photo: K. Murali Kumar
TOPICS
space programme
An Indian spacecraft will enter Mars on September 24 for scientific exploration of the red planet after a 300-day voyage through inter-planetary space, an ISRO official said on Monday.
“After cruising through 666-million km across the solar orbit, for over nine months, our spacecraft will be inserted into the Martian orbit on September 24 at 7.30 a.m.," Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) scientific secretary V. Koteswara Rao said here at a preview of the mission’s tryst with the celestial object.
The orbit insertion will take place when the spacecraft will be 423 km from the Martian surface and 215 million km away (radio distance) from the earth.
The ambitious Rs. 450-crore ($70 million) Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM) was launched November 5, 2013 on board a polar rocket from the spaceport Sriharikota off the Bay of Bengal, about 80 km north-east of Chennai.
“India will be the first country in the world to insert a spacecraft into the Martian orbit in its maiden attempt if the operation succeeds and also the first Asian country to reach the red planet’s sphere,” Mr. Rao said.
The ISRO will be the fourth space agency after National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) of the U.S., Russian Federal Space Agency (RFSA) and European Space Agency (ESA) to have undertaken a mission to Mars.
Incidentally, NASA’s Mars Atmosphere and Volatile Evolution Orbiter (MAVEN) will enter the red planet’s orbit Sep 22.
In the run-up to the D-day, the mission scientists will do course (trajectory) correction on September 22.
As on Monday, the 475 kg (dry mass) spacecraft is 13 million km away from Mars, having cruised 98 per cent (201 million km) of the radio distance from the earth and 653 million km of the sun’s 666 million km orbit.
“The course correction has been postponed to September 22 from Sunday (September 14) to conserve the precious liquid fuel weighing (852 kg) and ensure the orbital insertion takes place when the spacecraft is closer to Mars for smooth transition from the sun’s orbit,” Mr. Rao said.
Scientists at the spacecraft’s control centre have started uploading commands since Sunday and will verify them late Monday.
During the Orbiter’s long journey, mid-course correction was carried twice — Dec 11 and June 11 — but skipped in April and August as it was cruising in the solar orbit as intended.
“The liquid apogee motor (LAM) or fuel engine at the bottom of the spacecraft will be fired on September 22 for four seconds to enter the Martian sphere of influence and the course correction will consume about 500gm of fuel,” Mr. Rao said.
The speed of the spacecraft will also be reduced to 2.14 metre per second from 22.2 km per second for enabling smooth transition into the Martian orbit from the sun’s orbit Sep 24.
The insertion operation will begin at 4.17 a.m. by first activating the spacecraft’s three antennas for receiving and transmitting signals between earth and Mars.
At 6.56 a.m., the spacecraft will be rotated towards Mars and five minutes later when sunlight is not falling on the Martian surface causing eclipse, the thrusters beneath the engine will give the Orbiter altitude control.
“The liquid engine will start firing at 7.17 a.m. and at 7.21 a.m., Mars occult begins. A minute later at 7.22 a.m., telemetry (radio signals) will be off or out of receiving radars on the earth,” Mr. Rao pointed out.
Scientists at the space agency’s deep space network at Byalalu, about 40 km from Bangalore, NASA’s Earth station at Goldstone on the U.S. west coast, the ESA’s Earth station at Madrid will confirm the insertion into the Martian orbit 24 minutes later at 7.54 a.m.
“Telemetry signals resume and Doppler measurements will provide first signals about the successful insertion of the spacecraft into the Martian orbit,” Mr. Rao added.
The spacecraft, with five scientific instruments, will be placed in an elliptical orbit, with the nearest distance from the Martian surface being 423 km and the furthest 80,000 km, to rotate around it in a duration equivalent to 3.2 earth days.

Your next fridge will be more efficient. Here s whyYour Next Fridge Will Be More Efficient. Here's Why.
Tighter standards have manufacturers designing all-new fridges. But does it matter to consumers?
Tyler Wells Lynch
September 16, 2014
Note: This article was first published May 8, 2014. It has been updated to reflect the timing of new refrigerator efficiency standards established by the U.S. Department of Energy, which go into effect this week.
You've probably heard of Energy Star—the program launched by the U.S. government to incentivize efficiency in product development. Created by the Environmental Protection Agency in 1992, the voluntary program awards attention-grabbing blue "badges" to products that meet certain efficiency standards.
The Energy Star badge goes one step beyond the federal minimum efficiency standards established by the Department of Energy in 1975. And while it's considered voluntary, the marketing advantage Energy Star provides ensures that the vast majority of products meet the program's requirements.
The marketing advantage Energy Star provides ensures that the vast majority of products meet the program's requirements.
Along with the federal minimum standards, Energy Star has helped improve efficiency performance across more than 60 product categories. In 1993, the year after the program launched, American homes consumed an average of 103.6 million BTUs of energy, according to data from the Energy Information Administration . By 2009, that figure had dropped to 89.6 million BTUs—a 14 percent decrease in energy consumption per household.
Of course, there are more housing units today than there were in 1993—about 17 million more. So that surge in housing forced a 2 percent net increase in residential energy consumption. However, if household energy consumption remained at its 1993 levels, there would have been an 18 percent increase in total residential energy usage.
Source: U.S. Energy Information Administration
Clearly, these numbers support the existence of both federal efficiency standards and the Energy Star program. The marketing advantage for manufacturers is also clear. Among fridges, roughly 80 percent are now Energy Star qualified.
Among fridges, roughly 80 percent are now Energy Star qualified.
However, there has always been some back-and-forth between the industry, the government, and private efficiency advocates over the proper specifications for these programs.
Starting this week, residential refrigerators will have to meet a new set of efficiency requirements for both Energy Star and the Department of Energy's federal minimums—the latter of which is obligatory. This has sent manufacturers scrambling to bring more efficient fridges to market, causing confusion among producers and consumers alike.
Why refrigerators?
Fridges are a unique category: They run 24 hours a day, and are generally considered an indispensable part of the modern home. They're also one of the most energy-intensive products in the home. And over the past few decades, their efficiency has skyrocketed.
So why is the EPA upgrading fridge standards now? Why not focus on more wasteful products like ovens and dryers ? Aren't fridges efficient enough? Are these new rules… excessive?
It's certainly true that modern refrigerators are staggeringly more efficient than models produced in the 1970's and 80's—in some cases by up to 75 percent. The Energy Star requirements that go into effect this week stipulate that a 28-cubic-foot fridge may not exceed 403.82 kWh per year. If you compare that with the average annual energy consumption of a fridge in 1980—roughly 1,250 kWh/year—you can see how great the improvement has been.
Even a new Energy Star–labeled fridge consumes more energy per year than the average citizen of Ghana.
But these statistics are a bit misleading, if only because of how darn wasteful older machines were. Even with the new Energy Star requirements , the refrigerator itself is one of the most energy-intensive products in the home, perhaps second only to the air conditioner.
Fridges make up roughly 5 percent of an average U.S. home's total energy consumption, according to EIA data, and even a new Energy Star–labeled fridge—which improves 10 percent on previous generations—consumes more energy per year than the average citizen of Ghana .
Source: Todd Moss, Center of Global Development
"Ten percent may not seem like a big number," says Ann Bailey, product labeling branch chief for Energy Star. "But when you look at what that means across all of the sales, when all refrigerators have met those requirements, the difference amounts to the equivalent of taking one million cars off the road—and $890 million in energy savings."
"The difference amounts to the equivalent of taking one million cars off the road—and $890 million in energy savings."
Earl F. Jones, senior counsel for GE Appliance and Lighting, agrees. While acknowledging that Energy Star is hardly a "voluntary" program due to the economic realities of the market, Jones points out that the average increase in efficiency from the 2001 standards to 2014 is 30 percent. And that's just the DOE-regulated minimum requirements.
"Thirty percent savings in a refrigerator is very significant," he says. "Plus, remember this is a product that's on 24/7. The potential for savings is more significant than [...] products where you’re also getting new standards next year, but your use of them is intermittent."
Why now?
So despite being considerably more efficient than in the past, fridges are among the most important of household appliances. But the question remains: Why now? Why implement new DOE standards and Energy Star requirements at the same time? According to Bailey, the changes have more to do with seizing an opportunity than foisting regulations on an unprepared industry.
"We've heard very strong encouragement from the industry to align the timing, because the federal test procedure was also changing," Bailey says. "So there was an opportunity to minimize confusion about which test procedure was being used for which program."
But what about consumers? Surely the frantic need to upgrade fridge technology is going to result in higher retail prices. One also has to ask how much fridge performance is being sacrificed in favor of efficiency.
GE's Jones acknowledges this question and raises a few others.
"The government is supposed to take into consideration a few issues," he says. "One: Can consumers get their money back [as a result of] the increased cost of product? Two: Can the manufacturers afford the investment that's going to be required to make these changes? And three: Is the solution that we're coming up with technologically feasible?"
According to Bailey, the government is not simply looking at what's possible and establishing that as the goal. Nor is it neglectful of performance considerations when establishing standards.
"The way we operate is we look at what's currently available on the market, or shortly going to be available, and then we set our levels so that the ones that earn the Energy Star [...] will get a competitive advantage," she points out.
"It is expressly an intention of our program not to set the levels so aggressively that it would result in performance problems," she adds. "And this is part of the back-and-forth when we’re considering different levels that we engage the industry on."
Source: U.S. Department of Energy
Part of that back-and-forth means providing manufacturers with ample time to upgrade their products. The new Energy Star requirements, for example, were announced in April of last year, yet don't go into effect until this month. Accordingly, fridge makers like Samsung and GE have already brought 2014 Energy Star-eligible fridges to market. Two of those models (the GE Profile PFE29PSDSS and GE Cafe CFE29TSDSS ) won Reviewed.com Best of Year Awards for 2013.
The Big Picture
Jones insists that efficiency is never prioritized over performance, if only for the fact that consumers would reject such a product. Efficiency just isn't as important to consumers as whether or not the darn thing works.
Efficiency just isn't as important to consumers as whether or not the darn thing works.
"Even if you were going to be challenged that way," Jones says, "you'd go the extra mile in your technology development to figure out a way to overcome that problem."
And this ties into the original intent of programs like Energy Star. While efficiency standards provide a great deal of energy savings on the large scale, the amount of money saved by consumers is relatively insignificant. A 10 percent increase in refrigerator efficiency equates to roughly $6 saved on the average utility bill per year. So why should anyone care about these new requirements?
Source: U.S. Energy Information Administration
The answer, according to GE's Jones, is in the long term. Even a fridge that was built to meet the 2006 minimum standards, he says, would consume at least 20 percent more energy than one bought in 2014. "And the lifetime savings would be much more significant," he adds.
That said, it's a tough sell to claim that these savings are alone worth the investment in a new fridge, and more importantly, this pitch sidesteps the real reason Energy Star and federal minimum standards were established in the first place: to save energy on a national scale.
It's one of those situations where the interests of the average consumer don't necessarily align with the interests of the public as a whole—something both the industry and the government understand, even if they don't use those terms to describe it.
Reviewed.com In Your Inbox

Germanys Nationwide Ban on Uber Lasted All of Two WeeksUber has prevailed in Germany.
Photo by Sean Gallup/Getty Images
For a short time, Uber appeared to be facing a significant challenge abroad. At the start of September, a German court placed a nationwide ban on the company's peer-to-peer transportation service, UberPop, after ruling that it competed unfairly with the local taxi industry. Should Uber continue to operate illegally, the court cautioned, the company could face fines of up to 250,000 euros (or about $330,000) and also risked having its employees jailed for as long as six months. It took only two weeks for Germany to lift that ban.
A court in Frankfurt overturned the broad ban against Uber on Tuesday, saying that taxi drivers had brought their case too late for the injunction to remain in effect. The court did not rule definitely on whether Uber's services are legal in Germany, but for now the company is free to resume operating there. Uber said in a post on its blog that it " welcomes the decision ." It added that Germany is one of its "fastest growing markets" in Europe and its ridership there is expected to double in size by the end of the year. Taxi Deutschland, which filed the suit, plans to appeal the decision.
Advertisement
Uber, in its typical brash fashion, all but ignored Germany's ban while it lasted. It continued running UberPop and proclaimed on its blog that German sign-ups for its service more than tripled in the first 24 hours after the ban went into effect. In doing so, Uber was making a familiar bet that public demand for its service would ultimately override attempts by local regulators to suppress it. The general logic behind Uber's fast and aggressive expansion is that it's worthwhile to defy authorities if it exposes more people to Uber's service. Because only once those people try Uber do they know they want Uber. Based on the latest events in Germany, that bet has paid off once again.
Alison Griswold is a Slate staff writer covering business and economics.

&pizzas K Street restaurant opens WednesdayBy Maura Judkis September 16 Follow @MauraJudkis
After yesterday's announcement that &pizza received a nearly $2 million investment , and a Food cover story today about the influence of fast-casual restaurants on the District, here's another serving of fast-casual pizza news: &pizza will be opening its K Street restaurant, the chain's sixth location, Wednesday at 11 a.m. It's soon to be followed by nine more openings throughout 2014 and 2015.
(Courtesy of &pizza)
It's also the unveiling of a new, sleek design motif to go along with the company's growing stature. The location's decor is inspired by the White House, with white countertops and tile, and a pop art mural of President John F. Kennedy wearing Ray-Bans.
Like &pizza's other locations, the store will remain open late: After an 11 a.m. opening, the shop won't close until 2 a.m. on Thursdays and 3:30 a.m. on Fridays and Saturdays. That's good news for the crowds that spill out of nearby clubs like Capitale and the Park at 14th (hours are 11 a.m. to 11 p.m. on all other days).
&pizza , 1400 K St. NW (Metro: McPherson Square). www.andpizza.com . 
 
 
 

Billionaire boom: Where the money is nowBillionaire boom: Where the money is now
By Emily Jane Fox   @emilyjanefox September 17, 2014: 5:47 PM ET
A new report from Wealth-X and UBS found that the global population of billionaires is at a record high.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
The world has 155 new billionaires, pushing the worldwide total to 2,325.
That's a 7% jump from 2013, according to the 2014 "Billionaire Census" from Wealth-X and UBS.
So who is your standard billionaire? According to the report, the typical billionaire has about $3.1 billion, is 63 years old, and did not reach the $1 billion threshold until their late 40s.
Almost 90% of them are married, and on average, have two kids a piece.
They like to hang with other billionaires: They have relationships with nine ultra-high net worth individuals, three of whom are billionaires.
They're mostly male: Just 286 of them are women.
They're self-made: About 60% of male billionaires fully made their fortunes themselves, and another 27% have at least partly made their money themselves. Though it's a different story for the women -- just 17% are self-made. More than 65% of women billionaires inherited their wealth.
They own a lot of stuff: The typical billionaire owns four properties, each worth an average of $23.5 million. About 35% of billionaires have their own private philanthropic foundations, and one in thirty billionaires owns a sports team or a race horse.
Education isn't required: Not all billionaires have a wall full of degrees. In fact, the report states that 35% of global billionaires do not have bachelor's degrees.
For those who did go to college, University of Pennsylvania tops the list of schools with most billionaire undergraduate alumni.
Unsurprisingly, Harvard, Yale and University of Southern California follow, but University of Mumbai and Moscow State University aren't far behind. However, 16 of the top 20 are in the United States.
And where do they live?: Nearly 35% of the world's billionaires are concentrated in 20 cities, only two of which are in the United States. Despite that, the U.S. has the highest number of billionaires, accounting for close to 25% of the world's total billionaire population.
This year alone, there were 57 new American billionaires.
First Published: September 16, 2014: 11:02 PM ET
Most Popular

Top 20 colleges with most billionaire alumniTop 20 colleges with most billionaire alumni
By Emily Jane Fox   @emilyjanefox September 17, 2014: 3:39 PM ET
University of Pennsylvania tops the list of colleges with the most billionaires as undergraduate alumni, according to a Wealth-X and UBS report.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
In perhaps the most prestigious college ranking, a new report lists colleges with most global billionaire grads.
According to Wealth-X and UBS's "Billionaire Census," the University of Pennsylvania tops the list of 20 schools with the highest number of billionaire alumni.
The rest of the list reads like a laundry list of Ivy League and prestigious U.S. universities.
Some schools beyond the ivory tower made the cut: University of Mumbai and Moscow State University.
Schools that are tied were ranked by Wealth-X in terms of which has the wealthiest billionaires.
One surprising fact: 35% of billionaires didn't graduate from college.
Take a look to see which schools have the most super rich alums.
First Published: September 16, 2014: 11:05 PM ET
Most Popular
When will I be a millionaire?
My current savings
Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer .
Morningstar: © 2014 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2014. All rights reserved.
Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved.
Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2014 and/or its affiliates.
© 2014 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy .
.

South Sudan wants to kick out foreign aid workers  even as a devastating famine loomsBy Rick Noack September 17 Follow @rick_n
A plane carrying nutrition supplements brought in by Doctors Without Borders lands in Leer, South Sudan, on July 15, 2014. (Andreea Campeanu/Reuters)
On Tuesday, South Sudanese authorities announced that they are planning to ban foreign workers by Oct. 15 — a move that could also affect foreigners employed by aid agencies. The report comes amid a rapidly deteriorating food security situation in the East African country, which has suffered through months of civil war.
In late July, the U.N. Security Council expressed "grave concern" about the situation and described it as "currently ... the worst [food insecurity situation] in the world." About 50,000 children could die , the United Nations warned, and more than one-third of South Sudan's population is dangerously threatened.
Despite being heavily dependent on foreign aid, the South Sudanese government made the surprising announcement that it would attempt to fill many jobs currently occupied by foreigners with "competent South Sudanese nationals," according to the Agence France-Presse news agency. Foreign aid agencies, hosting the world's largest humanitarian operation, would be strongly affected by the proposed rule.
Tensions between aid agencies and the South Sudanese government have risen for months. Matthew Herrick, a spokesman for the U.S. Agency for International Development, told The Post in August that the government of South Sudan and the opposition had utterly failed and put millions of people on the brink of famine. Only their commitment to true peace, reconciliation and accountability will end this crisis and give donors access to the affected conflict areas, Herrick said.
Marc Gross, a spokesman for Germany's Welthungerhilfe, among Europe's largest nongovernmental aid agencies, expressed equally grave concern about the South Sudanese plan. "There is no time to debate this question right now. Our employees will continue to deliver aid, no matter which threats are made against us," Gross told The Post on Tuesday. He said his organization and others had faced similar intimidation in a variety of countries before. "However, the severity of the South Sudanese plan has reached a new, previously unknown level," he said.
If the South Sudanese government follows through on the announced ban on foreign workers, it would make it much more difficult to operate in the country in general, let alone the conflict zones where Western aid is needed most.
NGOs usually employ considerable numbers of locals, but foreigners manage the operations. According to the BBC , the governmental order is thought to affect lots of these management positions, as well.
"If this order were to come into effect, it would massively disrupt aid programs across the country," Tariq Riebl, Oxfam's director in South Sudan, told AFP. With about 75 percent of the South Sudanese being unable to read and write, there are doubts about whether locals could replace the foreigners working in the country.
From June to August, at least 400,000 South Sudanese were displaced because of violence and a looming hunger catastrophe. Of that number, 90,000 sought refuge abroad.
Rick Noack writes about foreign affairs. He is an Arthur F. Burns Fellow at The Washington Post.

Genes decide why some people love musicUpdated: September 16, 2014 17:25 IST
Genes decide why some people love music
IANS
Reuters A recent research suggest that musical aptitude is an innate ability. File photo
TOPICS
research
Are you clueless about why your partner has an innate drive for music while you just cannot understand hip-hop or all that jazz? Blame it on your genes.
Research suggests that genes that affect hearing and cognitive function may play roles in one’s musical aptitude — the ability to understand and perceive rhythm, pitch, timbre, tone durations and formal structure in music.
“The results show that genomic approaches can be applied to musical traits, that will, in effect, reveal new biological mechanisms affecting human evolution, brain function and civilisation,” explained Irma Jarvela from the department of medical genetics at the University of Helsinki, Finland.
The authors explained that extremes in musical aptitude (extreme capacity/no capacity) are rare within a population, with the majority of individuals having moderate aptitude.
“This is a typical feature of a complex trait attributable to several underlying genes and it is influenced to varying degrees by environmental factors, such as exposure to music or musical training,” Jarvela added.
Recent genomic approaches have shown that the genes responsible for inner ear development, auditory pathways and neuro-cognitive processes may underlay musical aptitude.
“Several genetic loci associated with musical aptitude have been identified in genome-wide linkage studies, that aim to find genetic variants that due to their proximity are inherited together with musical aptitude,” the authors wrote.
Intriguingly, the genome-wide analyses performed in Finnish and Mongolian populations with different music phenotypes and different linkage mapping methods both identified a partly overlapping genetic region.
“The identified loci contained candidate genes that affect inner ear development and neuro-cognitive processes which are necessary traits for music perception,” Jarvela noted.
It suggests that musical aptitude is an innate ability.
The study appeared in the journal BioEssays.

India Forecast to be the World s Fastest Growing ExporterRegulators Fine Global Banks $3.4 Billion in Forex Probe
Dubai: India is likely to become the world's fastest growing exporter and UAE's top export and import destination by 2030, according to a study.
The latest HSBC Trade Forecast on Tuesday tipped that India has the potential to become world's 5th largest exporter of goods by value from the 14th spot from 2014 to 2030.
Besides India, UAE's fastest growing export markets will be China, Malaysia, Turkey - each of which will see the fastest growth rates between 2017 and 2030.
Import growth for UAE will be fastest for goods originating from China, India, Turkey and Vietnam.
"Sectors such as infrastructure and construction, tourism, retail and government investments in technology will continue to be the main drivers of the UAE's economy going forward.
With that said, we still expect petroleum products to remain both the largest category of total exports and the largest contributor to total export growth up to 2030," said Tim Evans, regional head of global trade and receivables finance.
"It (petroleum products) will account for over 40 per cent of total export growth over this forecast horizon. So it is no surprise to see energy hungry countries such as India and China on top of the UAE's export list," said Mr Evans.
By 2030, China is expected to increase its overseas shipments five-fold as it strengthens commercial ties to emerging Asia, the Middle East and North Africa.
According to the Trade Confidence Index, the UAE remains firmly positive about increasing trade activity over the next six months.
The country ranked third out of the 23 countries surveyed.
Story first published on: September 17, 2014 15:35 (IST)

India  China sign 3 pacts within hours of Xi s arrival | Full coverageChina
(The agreements include…)
AHMEDABAD: India and China today signed three-Gujarat specific pacts today shortly after Chinese President Xi Jinping commenced his three-day visit to the country from the home state of Prime Minister Narendra Modi .
State authorities rolled out the red carpet as Xi, the first Chinese leader to visit Gujarat, was given a warm welcome after an Air China special aircraft carrying him and his delegation landed at the airport. Giant billboards in Mandarin, Gujarati and English were put up at various places here to welcome him.
Xi's three-day visit is aimed at ramping up trade and investments, besides having discussions on substantive issues including the contentious border dispute. It also coincides with Modi's 64th birthday.
The three pacts were signed in the presence of Modi and Xi after the Chinese leader and his wife Peng Liyuan , dressed in a pale pink knee-length dress, were welcomed by the Prime Minister at the entrance of the Hyatt Hotel. Modi gave floral bouquets to the couple.
The choice of Gujarat as Xi's first stop in India marks a departure from protocol and many see it as a sign of warm relations between the two leaders. When the couple landed at the Ahmedabad airport, apart from a guard of honour, there was a traditional Gujarati dance.
The three pacts include making Guangzhou city in China and Ahmedabad as sister cities, setting up of industrial parks in this state and an agreement between Guangdong province and the Gujarat government for development of cultural and social ties between the two provinces, officials said.
The agreement, aimed at developing industrial parks, was signed between China Development Bank (CDB) and Industrial Extension Bureau (iNDEXTb) of Gujarat Government. It envisages promoting the bilateral trade and setting up of industrial parks in the state, especially for electronics and electrical goods.
While an agreement was signed between Guangdong province and Gujarat government for development of cultural and social ties between the two provinces, another MoU was inked between Guangzhou city and Ahmedabad, to make them sister cities.
These MoUs will facilitate exchange of ideas and services between Gujarat and China, officials said.
Besides Modi and Xi, Chief Minister Anandi Patel and her Cabinet colleagues, members of Chinese delegation and several top businessmen from the state were present at the event.
Modi also accompanied Xi to the tranquil Sabarmati Ashram on Ahmedabad's Ashram road and explained its historical significance to the Chinese leader.
They later took a walk down the Sabarmati riverfront which was a riot of colour with the visiting dignitaries treated to a mix of Gujarati tradition and culture through dance forms including the famous garba dance.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Gogo expands internationally with new contractsGogo expands internationally with new contracts
Gogo inflight internet
CARLO ALLEGRI / REUTERS
A passenger uses a wireless tablet on an American Airlines airplane, which is equipped with Gogo Inflight Internet service.
A passenger uses a wireless tablet on an American Airlines airplane, which is equipped with Gogo Inflight Internet service. (CARLO ALLEGRI / REUTERS)
In-flight internet co. Gogo reaches for the skies with international expansion
Gogo lands Vietnam Airlines, Virgin Atlantic contracts to provide in-flight Internet
Itasca-based in-flight Internet company Gogo has secured several new international contracts, expanding its global presence from three airlines to five.  
Gogo announced is has won a contract with Britain-based Virgin Atlantic as well as Vietnam Airlines to provide in-flight connectivity to passengers.
0
Virgin Atlantic is the first European airline to partner with Gogo. The airline will retrofit its entire fleet with the company’s newest in-flight Internet technology, which promises speeds that are more than 20 times faster than the service Gogo has on most planes now. Gogo will have Internet connectivity on Vietnam Airline’s Boeing 787 aircraft as well as most of the airline’s Airbus A350 planes by mid-2015.
In the past year, Gogo also secured contracts with Aeromexico, Air Canada and Japan Airlines.

Gold slides to 3-month low ahead of US Fed announcementGold
(On global front, the shiny…)
MUMBAI: Gold prices drifted further to hit a fresh three-month low at the domestic bullion market here today owing to sustained speculative selling as well as uneasy overseas sentiment ahead of Fed's rate hike decision.
Industrial metal, silver, too fell back after two straight session rally due to reduced industrial offtake.
Standard gold (99.5 purity) dropped by Rs 115 to end at Rs 26,850 per 10 grams from overnight level of Rs 26,965.
Pure Gold (99.9 purity) also fell by similar margin to end Rs 27,000 per 10 grams compared to Rs 27,115.
Silver (.999 fineness) plunged by Rs 200 to finish at Rs 41,730 per kg against Tuesday's closing level of Rs 41,930.
On the global front, the shiny metal maintained its modest uptrend on short-covering amid speculations that the Fed would leave interest rates low for considerable time.
The Fed is expected to make a statement on policy decision later in the day.
Spot gold was bid higher at USD 1,238.20 in early European trade.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Think youre healthy You may be carrying around viruses you dont even know about(Bigstockphoto)
Even if you're otherwise healthy, you may be carrying around a handful of viruses in your body.
A new study by researchers at Washington University in St. Louis sampled 102 healthy young people between ages 18 and 40 for signs of viruses in their bodies. They found plenty.
In 92 percent of the people -- an equal split between men and women -- there was at least one virus. In some cases, the researchers found 10 to 15 viruses. The findings were published in the journal BMC Biology .
Gregory Storch, a Washington University virologist and one of the study's co-authors, noted that while we're comfortable with the idea of our bodies constantly harboring bacteria, the idea of viral pathogens living in our healthy bodies isn't something that has been well studied.
"Most everyone is familiar with the idea that a normal bacterial flora exists in the body," Storch said in a statement . "Lots of people have asked whether there is a viral counterpart, and we haven’t had a clear answer. But now we know there is a normal viral flora, and it’s rich and complex."
It could be that the presence of viruses helped keep the immune system primed -- a form of protection against full-blown disease. The subjects in the study didn't display symptoms of illness like coughing, sneezing or fever. But in some cases, researchers found signs of low-level infections.
Samples were taken from several locations in the body: nose, skin, mouth, stool and vagina. Researchers found evidence of the viruses that cause the common cold and pneumonia in some samples. And non-sexually transmitted strains of herpes were found in 98 percent of the mouth samples. Papillomavirus, which in some cases increase the risk of cervical cancer, were found in 38 percent of the women.
The findings, though interesting (and possibly also terrifying to hypochondriacs), shouldn't be cause for concern.
Evidence of "normal viral flora" within an otherwise healthy human body should bolster support for standard sanitation and hand-washing practices; viruses don't require a sick person to spread around. And researchers still have to figure out how to distinguish between the viruses that might be making people sick and the ones that are not causing noticeable symptoms.
These findings may be, however, the tip of the iceberg.
“We were impressed by the number of viruses we found,” said the study's lead author, Kristine M. Wylie, who is a pediatrics instructor at Washington University. “We only sampled up to five body sites in each person and would expect to see many more viruses if we had sampled the entire body.”
Abby Phillip is a general assignment national reporter for the Washington Post. She can be reached at abby.phillip@washpost.com . On Twitter: @abbydphillip

IOS 8 is coming: Should you get itIOS 8 is here: How to get it -- and whether you should
By David Goldman   @DavidGoldmanCNN September 17, 2014: 1:07 PM ET
 
Apple's new products in 90 seconds
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
IPhone and iPad owners rejoice! iOS 8 is here.
Apple's new operating system isn't the radical upgrade that iOS 7 was, but it has a handful of new features that look promising.
IOS 8 lets apps display useful information in the "Today" screen, including sports scores and weather updates. You can answer phone calls on a Mac, install a third-party keyboard on your iPhone and ask Siri to identify what song is playing on the radio. You can even share iTunes purchases with your family.
The update is available to iPhone 4S, 5, 5C and 5S owners. All iPads except for the first-generation model are eligible for iOS 8. And only the latest iPod Touch users can upgrade to iOS 8.
But be patient! You're just one of millions of people trying to tap Apple's servers at the same time. So if you can wait, wait.
Related: 5 things you'll love about iOS 8
How: Make sure your iPhone or iPad is plugged in. Then go to Settings > General > Software Update, and hit the "Download and Install" button. After it downloads, touch the "Install" button.
If you prefer, you can also download the iOS 8 update on your computer and install it on your iGizmo. To do that, make sure you have the latest version of iTunes, then plug your device into your computer, select your device in the menu and click on "Check for Update." Then click "Download and Update."
There's no advantage to downloading iOS 8 via a Mac or PC -- the update won't get to you any faster.
 
See Apple's new iPhone 6 in :60
Should you update? There's a few things to consider before making the decision to upgrade to iOS 8.
IOS 8 requires you to have 1.4 GB of memory free. That means deleting those old photos, podcasts, songs and apps that you don't care about anymore. If you're an iCloud user, all of those things will be backed up in the cloud . But if you're not ready to clear space just yet, you'll have to wait to download iOS 8.
Related: What is the cloud?
Also, bugs happen. Some of your apps won't look perfect or work 100% right after you download iOS 8. Those will get ironed out over the course of a week or so. But if you're downloading iOS 8 on Wednesday, make sure you have a good sense of humor.
If you have an older iPhone or iPad, the newer operating system can slow your iGadget down.
And lastly, there have been snafus with every software update in history. That's not exclusive to iOS -- Android, Windows and Mac OS all have experienced their own set of upgrade issues. But iOS had some very high-profile software bugs in the past. Antennagate, forgetting to adjust for Daylight Savings Time and battery drain. And who can forget the iOS 6 debacle, when Apple forced iPhone users to switch to its sub-par Maps app?
Remember, there's no going back to iOS 7 once you've upgraded to iOS 8. So why not let the guinea pigs test it out and let Apple and the app makers iron out the wrinkles before you end up making a decision you could regret?
First Published: September 17, 2014: 9:45 AM ET
Most Popular

Hospitals of the future could be covered in shark skinBy Rachel Feltman September 17 Follow @rachelfeltman
These microscopic ridges mimic a shark's skin. (Mann et al., Antimicrobial Resistance and Infection Control)
Well, fake shark skin. A new study in the journal Antimicrobial Resistance & Infection Control touts the effectiveness of Sharklet -- a shark-inspired material that prevents the spread of dangerous bacteria.
Shark skin itself isn't anti-microbial. But its surface, made up of an array of ridges so tiny that they appear flat to the eye, is designed to keep organisms like barnacles from latching on.
In experiments designed to mimic the transmission of bacteria via both touch and sneezes, the researchers found that Sharklet was more effective than copper, which is one of the most popular anti-microbial surfaces for hospital use. While copper harbored 80 percent less MRSA -- antibiotic resistant bacteria -- than control surfaces, Sharklet showed reductions of as much as 94 percent.
Unlike copper, Sharklet doesn't kill the bacteria -- it just keeps them from adhering to whatever the surface covers. That's a pro and a con.
On the one hand, surfaces that work by killing the bacteria can actually help breed stronger superbugs. The microbes that manage to survive will reproduce, which can lead to the spread of bacteria that thrive even on a hospital's "anti-microbial" surfaces.
But this also means that Sharklet isn't really lowering the number of dangerous microbes in a hospital -- it's just keeping them off the surfaces that need to be cleanest. A Sharklet-coated hospital room won't save a patient whose doctor has failed to wash up between examinations, the researchers said in a statement .
One obvious application, according to researchers, is for catheters: The devices are a common source of nasty infection in hospitals, and a Sharklet-coated catheter would be less likely to harbor bacterial growth.
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

Study: Online gun sales open to felonsBy Reid Wilson September 17 Follow @postreid
A new study suggests thousands of felons prohibited from owning firearms could be turning to online sales to escape background checks. (Justin Sullivan/Getty Images)
Tens of thousands of guns will be sold through online portals in Washington state this year, and none of the buyers will be subject to background checks. That’s because of a loophole in federal law that allows unlicensed dealers to make sales online without conducting criminal records checks on those who purchase their firearms.
A new study suggests a significant portion of those buyers — at least 10 percent — would fail a background check conducted by a licensed dealer.
The study, conducted by the pro-gun control group Everytown For Gun Safety, examined sales through several Web sites that serve as online portals for firearms dealers. Sites like Armslist, Northwest Firearms, Outdoors Trader, Washington Gun Trader and Gun Listings all allow sellers to list their weapons for sale, and buyers to post notices searching for specific kinds of firearms.
Those sites featured advertisements for nearly 17,000 weapons during a recent five-month stretch, Everytown researchers found. At the same time, another 1,164 buyers posted advertisements looking for weapons. When the group matched public records with any identifying information the buyers posted, they found almost 10 percent — eight out of 81 identifiable buyers — would be barred from buying a gun from a licensed dealer.
Federal law prohibits anyone convicted of a felony or domestic violence or anyone deemed severely mentally ill from possessing a firearm. That law prevents only a small number of people from owning a weapon: In 2013, gun dealers in Washington state conducted 561,000 background checks and denied only 3,600 people.
Among the identifiable buyers who sought weapons through online portals in Washington, several had been convicted of a domestic violence crime or were under a restraining order. Others were convicted felons, with rap sheets ranging from car theft to rape, burglary and robbery.
“[T]he background check system is effectively preventing criminals from obtaining guns at licensed gun dealers — but unlicensed sellers who offer an open door for acquiring guns without background checks are attracting them instead,” the authors of the Everytown report concluded.
The prevalence of online sales, which are excluded from background check requirements, has shown up in licensed dealer sales: Since 2003, the number of gun sales denied because of a failed background check dropped by more than half.
Everytown is among the groups backing Initiative 594, a measure on the ballot this fall that would require background checks on the vast majority of gun transfers in Washington state, including online and at gun sales. Gun-rights activists oppose the initiative, which they say would unduly burden gun owners who try to transfer weapons legitimately, even to family members.
Public polling shows I-594 passing by wide margins. But gun-rights advocates have their own alternative, Initiative 591, which would prohibit the state from enforcing background check measures that go beyond federal law. Some polls show that measure passing as well, leaving open the prospect of significant litigation after the election if both initiatives succeed.
Reid Wilson covers state politics and policy for the Washington Post's GovBeat blog. He's a former editor in chief of The Hotline, the premier tip sheet on campaigns and elections, and he's a complete political junkie.

Congress releases booklet on 100 days of BJP  misruleSep 17, 2014 at 08:15pm IST
Congress releases booklet on 100 days of BJP 'misrule'
36
0
New Delhi: Congress on Wednesday brought out a booklet on BJP's "100 days of misrule" insisting that results of all the bypolls after the Lok Sabha election reflect "people's anger" over "hollow promises of a useless government".
The slide of the ruling party was a "significant trend" that will gather momentum with the "unmasking" of BJP, the party claimed in the booklet titled
"Modi government-The truth of BJP government: 100 days of misrule". "The story till now is only of slogans and more slogans. The nation is worried at what lies in store for India for the remaining tenure of this government", the AICC said in the booklet released by party spokesman Anand Sharma.
"The story till now is only of slogans and more slogans. The nation is worried at what lies in store for India for the remaining tenure of this government", the AICC said in the booklet released by party spokesman Anand Sharma.
#congress #bjp #bypolls #100 days of modi government
Suggesting that the landslide for BJP has turned into a slide, it said, "The results of all the bye-elections held after 2014 Lok Sabha reflect people's anger and rejection of BJP's politics of hatred and hoodwinking."
The party noted that in the 54 Assembly constituencies where bye-elections were held, BJP had led in 42 constituencies in May 2014 which has now been reduced to only 21".
Dubbing the Modi rule and its assurances as "hollow promises of a useless government" (khokhle vaade nikammi sarkar), it said that the 100-day rule of Prime Minister Narendra Modi showed that he has assumed the role of a dream merchant in the poll campaign and "sold false dreams".
Demanding an apology from the government for "fooling the people" during the election campaign, it said NDA owed an explanation over its "failure" to control prices after coming to power.
Listing out the "failures" of the government on several fronts, the party alleged that the BJP-led dispensation was "still in election mode". "It continues to make wild and baseless allegations on its political opponents on the one hand and continues to make false promises on the other."
Assuring people that "mistakes and wrong doings" of Modi government will not go uncontested, the party said that it will ensure that the remaining tenure of this government is "bereft of pain" for people of the country.
Noting that BJP has lost most of the bypolls in all regions to Congress and other opposition parties, it said, "This is a significant trend that cannot be ignored, and will surely gain momentum with the unmasking of BJP."
34

LG  G3 Beat  launched in India  smartphone priced at Rs 25 000E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Live Cricket Score  CLT20  KKR vs CSK: KKR in trouble in stiff CSK chaseRyan ten Doeschate struck a fine unbeaten 51 to guide IPL champions Kolkata Knight Riders to a seven-wicket win over Chennai Super Kings. (Source: BCCI)
Press Trust of India | Hyderabad | Posted: September 17, 2014 6:31 pm | Updated: September 18, 2014 12:21 pm
Andre Russell smashed a breathtaking half century while Ryan ten Doeschate struck a fine unbeaten 51 to guide IPL champions Kolkata Knight Riders to a three-wicket win over Chennai Super Kings in a Group A match of the Oppo Champions League Twenty20, in Hyderabad on Thursday.
Chasing a competitive 158 for win, KKR were in trouble after slumping to 51 for five inside 10 overs.
But Russell (58 off 25) and Ten Doeschate shared match-winning 80 runs for the sixth wicket off just 42 balls to keep KKR afloat.
After Russell’s dismissal, Ten Doeshchate took the onus on himself to guide KKR home and managed to achieve that with six balls to spare.
KKR’s chase, however, started on a horrendous note as they lost their first four wickets inside the 30-run mark.
Left-arm pacer Ashish Nehra (4/21) was the wrecker in chief for KKR. He accounted for the wickets of KKR skipper Gautam Gambhir, Manish Pandey and Manvinder Bisla in quick succession to rattle CSK.
In fact, Nehra was on the verge of a hat-trick as he dismissed Gambhir and Pandey in consecutive balls in the third over.
Yusuf Pathan too failed to sparkle as he edged a Mohit Sharma delivery to Faf du Plessiss in the first slip in the fourth over.
Young Suryakumar Yadav started brightly with a 17-ball 19 before he was caught by Ravichandran Ashwin off Ravindra Jadeja in the ninth over with KKR scoreboard reading 51 for five in nine overs.
But Ten Doeshchate and Russell had other plans as they started cautiously to build up the chase before opening up. Russell was the aggressive among the duo as he laced his knock with four boundaries and five huge sixes. Ten Doeschate, on the other hand, played the second fiddle and struck three fours and two hits over the fence during his unbeaten knock.
Russell was at his attacking best as he struck two massive sixes of Mohit Sharma in the 16th over to not only bring KKR closer but also bring up his half century in style.
Russell added salt to Mohit and CSK’s wounds by finishing off the over with a boundary to score 18 runs off the 16th over.
Just when it seemed Russell’s pyrotechnics would take the game away from CSK, Nehra cleaned up the West Indian with a gem of an yorker to pick up his fourth wicket of the day and bring his side back into the game.
But Ten Doeschate kept a calm head and guided KKR home in exactly 19 overs in Piyush Chawla’s company.
Earlier, CSK rode on late bursts from skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni and Dwayne Bravo to post a fighting 157 for four.
With CSK in a spot of bother at 86 for four in 12.3 overs, Dhoni and Bravo joined hands to pull the team out of trouble with an unbeaten 71-run partnership off just 45 balls.
Dhoni finished the innings unbeaten on 35 off 20 balls with the help of three fours and two sixes, while Bravo decorated his unconquered run-a-ball 28-run knock with two boundaries and as many hits over the fence.
Sent into bat, CSK were off to a quick start with the opening pair of Dwayne Smith and Brendon McCullum sharing 37 runs runs off 24 balls.
Smith’s 20-run knock off 13 balls was laced with four boundaries before he was caught behind off leg-spinner Chawla (2/26).
McCullum (22 off 19) followed suit as he was struck plumb in front of the wicket by part-time spinner Pathan (1/16) while attempting a reverse sweep.
With CSK in a spot of bother at 49 for two in 6.4 overs, Suresh Raina took the onus on himself to resurrect his side’s innings in the company of Du Plessiss.
The duo added 35 runs for the third wicket before Raina was adjudged LBW off Sunil Narine (1/9) in the 12th over with CSK’s score reading 84 for three.
With KKR producing a disciplined bowling effort in the middle overs, the CSK batsmen found it difficult to score runs easily.
CSK’s problems compounded further when Du Plessiss departed in the 13th over to give Chawla his second wicket of the day.
With runs hard to come by off the spinners, CSK batsmen waited for the pacers to open up.
They finally did when a gutsy Dwayne Bravo opened up against Umesh Yadav and punished the pacer for two fours in the 14th over.
Inspired by Bravo’s strokeplay, Dhoni too opened his arms and smashed Russell for two fours to pick up 12 runs in the 15th over.
With overs running out, it was desperate times for CSK batsmen and young Pat Cummins became the victim when Bravo clobbered the pacer for two sixes in the 17th over that yielded 21 runs.
Cummins was once again at the firing line as Dhoni whacked the bowler over deep midwicket boundary for a six in the penultimate over.
Dhoni took Umesh Yadav for task and struck a four and a humongous six off the last ball to finish off the innings in style.
Ten Doeschate kept a calm head and guided KKR home in exactly 19 overs in Chawla's company.

Modi-Xi meet: Can strategic divergence meet economic convergenceAnand Sharma refutes charges of senior Congress leaders not invited for Nehru's event
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

2G PMLA case: Accused pleas without proper details irk court6
0
New Delhi: Irked over filing of applications by accused without "requisite details", the special 2G court on Wednesday disposed of separate petitions filed by Swan Telecom promoter Shahid Usman Balwa and Bollywood producer Karim Morani seeking permission to travel abroad.
Special CBI Judge OP Saini observed that despite pointing out to the defence counsel several times to file pleas having requisite details and supported by relevant documents, the accused have not paid any attention to it.
"Without going much into details of the submission, I find it appropriate to point out that I myself have pointed out to the advocates on numerous occasions to file applications containing requisite details and also supported by relevant documents, but perhaps that has not been heeded to," he said.
The court will hear on Thursday arguments on framing of charges in the case in which 19 accused, including nine firms, were chargesheeted.
#shahid usman balwa #karim morani #2g scam #2g pmla case
"I find myself in instant agreement with the special public prosecutor that the applications (filed by Balwa and Morani) do not bear the requisite seriousness which is apparent by the filing of repeated additional applications," the judge said.
Balwa and Morani are among the 19 accused chargesheeted by the Enforcement Directorate (ED) in a 2G scam related money laundering case. They had filed separate applications in the court seeking permission to go abroad.
The court, in its order, observed that Special Public Prosecutor Anand Grover had argued that their pleas were not supported by requisite documents and the court was being taken for granted as applications were filed in a casual manner.
The court also noted that additional applications were filed by both the accused in which some further details and supporting documents were given by them. It disposed of both the petitions and gave liberty to the accused to file fresh pleas containing requisite details.
"Accordingly, both applications are disposed of with liberty to the applicants/accused persons to file fresh application containing requisite details and supported by relevant documents," the court said.
Besides Balwa and Morani, former Telecom Minister A Raja, DMK MP Kanimozhi, DMK supremo M Karunanidhi's wife Dayalu Ammal and others have been chargesheeted by the ED in the case.
The court will hear on Thursday arguments on framing of charges in the case in which 19 accused, including nine firms, were chargesheeted. It had on August 20 granted bail to Raja, Kanimozhi and eight others in the case saying that considering their conduct there was "no likelihood" that they will commit such an offence again.
The court had also observed that the accused have given an explanation regarding transfer of Rs 200 crore to DMK-run Kalaignar TV from DB group company, which according to the ED was a bribe paid in return for grant of 2G licences to Swan Telecom Pvt Ltd.
The court, in a separate order, had also granted bail to Dayalu Ammal, who was also chargesheeted as an accused along with others in the case in which ED had alleged that Rs 200 crore transaction was "not genuine" and it was a "bribe for grant of telecom licences to DB Group companies". Besides these accused, Swan Telecom promoter Vinod Goenka, Directors of Kusegaon Fruits and Vegetables Pvt Ltd Asif Balwa and Rajiv Agarwal, Kalaignar TV MD Sharad Kumar, Bollywood producer Karim Morani and P Amirtham are accused in the case.
It also named Swan Telecom Pvt Ltd, Kusegaon Realty Pvt Ltd (formerly known as Kusegaon Fruits and Vegetables Pvt Ltd), Cineyug Media and Entertainment Pvt Ltd (formerly known as Cineyug Films Pvt Ltd), Kalaignar TV Pvt Ltd, Dynamix Realty, Eversmile Construction Company Pvt Ltd, Conwood Constructions and Developers (P) Ltd, DB Realty Ltd and Nihar Constructions Pvt Ltd as accused in the case.
2

Obama seeks to boost public support for U.S. military campaign against the Islamic StateBy David Nakamura September 17 Follow @davidnakamura
On Tuesday afternoon, President Obama told troops at MacDill Air Force Base in Tampa, Fla., that "100 percent of Americans need to support" them and their families. He told them he would not commit them to "a ground war" in Iraq. (WhiteHouse.gov)
President Obama on Wednesday reaffirmed his pledge not to send combat forces into the U.S. military campaign against the Islamic State group, telling troops that he will "not commit you fighting another ground war in Iraq."
A day after the nation's top military officer suggested on Capitol Hill that U.S. ground troops could become involved directly in the battle, Obama sought to close the door on that option during a speech at MacDill Air Force Base outside Tampa.
President Obama speaks about Iraq in the Brady Briefing room of the White House in June. (Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images)
"One thing we have learned over the last decade is that America can make a decisive difference," Obama told 1,200 military leaders and service personnel from several branches of the Armed Forces. "But American forces in Iraq will not have a combat mission. They will support Iraqi forces on the ground as they fight for their own country."
Obama's remarks came after he toured the U.S. Central Command, which is overseeing the military campaign in the Middle East, and met with commanders and service members there. His visit offered him the chance to deliver a pep talk to the troops -- and to define for the American public the scope of the nation's return to the battlefield in Iraq and expansion into Syria.
A series of polls have found that Obama's approval ratings on foreign policy are near all-time lows. According to a CBS News-New York Times survey out Wednesday just 31 percent of Americans believe he is being tough enough on the Islamic State, despite a prime-time address last week outlining a strategy that involves U.S. airstrikes in Iraq and Syria and the training of moderate Syrian rebels to help win combat gains on the ground. Congress is likely to begin voting today on his proposal to fund that training.
In his address to the troops, Obama detailed gains in the fight against Islamic militants, including the 2011 killing of Osama bin Laden and the U.S. war in Afghanistan, which will come to a close at the end of the year with just 9,800 troops remaining in that country in a support and training mission. But the president emphasized that the "threat and challenges to America" is not over, and he sounded a tough tone against the Islamic State group and other terrorist organizations.
"We mean what we say. Our reach is long. If you threaten America,  you will find no safe haven," Obama said. "We will find you eventually," he added to cheers from the troops, though he emphasized that he is building a coalition of international and regional partners, including some Arab nations.
"This is not and will not be America's fight alone," he said.
A day after he announced a plan to send up to 3,000 U.S. troops to West Africa to help coordinate a ramped up response to the Ebola outbreak in several countries, Obama emphasized that the U.S. maintains a leadership role across the globe and is willing to answer the call.
"If there is some sort of crisis, when the world is threatened, when the world needs help, it calls on America," the president said. "Even the countries that complain about America, who do they call? They call on us."
David Nakamura covers the White House. He has previously covered sports, education and city government and reported from Afghanistan, Pakistan and Japan.

Message in letter to Roger Goodell: NFL womens advisory panel needs diversityBy Mary C. Curtis September 17 Follow @mcurtisnc3
Janay Rice, left, looks on as her husband, Baltimore Ravens running back Ray Rice, speaks to the media during a May 23 news conference in Owings Mills, Md. (Patrick Semansky/AP)
Amid the controversy and charges of too little, too late hurled toward the NFL and Commissioner Roger Goodell after publicity involving charges of domestic violence against players, one move has been praised – the announcement this week that the league has named four women to shape new policies on domestic violence and sexual assault.
But while the Black Women’s Roundtable views the step as positive and “appreciates the fact that the NFL has established an advisory group of women,” it also points out what it views as an omission. In a Sept. 16 open letter to Goodell , the roundtable offers words of praise, then states: “However, your lack of inclusion of women of color, especially Black women who are disproportionately impacted by domestic violence and sexual assault; and the fact that over 66% of the NFL players are made up of African Americans is unacceptable.”
The message to the NFL is “you are headed in the right direction, but you have missed the mark,” Melanie L. Campbell told She the People on Wednesday. Campbell heads the National Coalition on Black Civic Participation and is convener of Black Women’s Roundtable, an inter-generational network of women leaders representing black women and girls from across the country. “We want to be supportive and helpful.” Goodell needs to know, she said, that “you have to do it right, and make sure you have a diverse group of women working with you and your team.”
Campbell referenced the celebration of the 20th anniversary of the Violence Against Women Act (VAWA). “What’s different about 20 years later is they will focus on making sure they include cultural competency — there are nuances that matter,” she said. “If you use that standard, then you would seek diversity. … You have to make sure you have women of color represented in your advisory group and have a holistic approach in dealing with new policy change.”
This week brought news of Ray Rice of the Baltimore Ravens appealing his indefinite suspension by the NFL after the release of video of showing him punching his then-fiancee Janay Palmer, and the Minnesota Vikings’ Adrian Peterson being benched, reinstated and then barred from team activities as he faces child abuse charges.
The letter to Goodell quotes the findings of the Black Women’s Roundtable 2014 Report, released in March, which found that black women are the most likely group in America to experience domestic violence. “Further, we are nearly three times as likely to die as a result of domestic violence than white women. And while we are only 8% of the population, we make up 22% of the homicides that result from domestic violence and 29% of all women who are victimized. In fact, domestic violence is the leading causes of death for Black women between the ages of 15 to 35, yet we are less likely than others to seek help when we are abused.
“As a result of the specific circumstances of Black women and the fact that the majority of the players in the NFL are African American, addressing this issue in a culturally competent way requires the inclusion of Black women.” The letter asks for “an emergency meeting with you to share our deep concern and outrage.” Campbell told She the People, “We want to be a part of the solution. We have a history of working with the NFL.”
She the People reached out to the NFL by email on Wednesday and has not received a response.
Among those signing the letter are the Rev. Marcia Dyson of the Women’s Global Initiative; Susan Taylor, editor-in-chief emeritus of Essence Magazine; and Teresa Younger of the Ms. Foundation for Women. The names of several civil rights and other groups the roundtable has been in consultation with are listed in the letter, including the Institute on Domestic Violence in the African American Community, National Urban League, National Action Network, National Organization of Sisters of Color Ending Sexual Assault and the National African American Clergy Network.
“The issue itself is not just the NFL,” Campbell said. “We have this moment. It’s an opportunity to address the issue of domestic violence, which is such an issue in this country. We have a lot at stake in seeing there has to be a culture shift.”
Campbell said it’s disturbing that younger women are often the victims: “There’s an opportunity to educate. Women are not expendable; black women are not invisible. We have a voice in this.”
Mary C. Curtis is an award-winning multimedia journalist in Charlotte, N.C. She has worked at The New York Times, Charlotte Observer and as national correspondent for Politics Daily. Follow her on Twitter @mcurtisnc3 .

Welcome to the political silly season!By Aaron Blake September 17 Follow @aaronblakewp
On Monday, Alison Lundergan Grimes's Senate campaign began running an ad that criticized Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) for, among other things, holding a gun incorrectly .
On Tuesday, McConnell responded by noting that Grimes's skeet shooting, which she does throughout her ad, makes her look a whole lot like a certain president.
Then, on Wednesday, the campaign of GOP Senate candidate Dan Sullivan in Alaska began running an ad in which an X Games gold medalist scoffs at Sen. Mark Begich (D-Alaska) "pretending to ride" a snowmobile. (He calls it a "snow machine." It's an Alaska thing .)
Professional snowmobiler and Alaskan Cory Davis endorses Republican Senate candidate and former Alaska attorney general Dan Sullivan, accusing his democratic opponent, Mark Begich, of voting "with Obama and his D.C. friends." (Dan Sullivan via YouTube)
That's right: Two of the most important races in the 2014 Senate campaign are basically about how people hold guns and ride snowmobiles. Welcome to the silly season.
But if you think these ads are just plain crazy, think again. There's a reason why they're doing what they're doing.
1) Visuals are powerful. Everyone wants to create the new Michael Dukakis in a tank or John Kerry windsurfing . More specifically, they want a visual that plays into an existing narrative.
For Grimes, that narrative is that her effort to put guns front and center in her campaign is a transparent attempt to overcompensate for her support for gun control and President Obama.
For McConnell and Begich, it's that they are so of-Washington that they look awkward doing Things Normal People Do with guns and snowmobiles. (The contrast between the X Games athlete doing tricks on his snowmobile and the bookish Begich bouncing around on his snowmobile is no coincidence.)
So, in a way, the ads aren't really about how candidates hold guns and ride snowmobiles; they're about how out of touch they are.
2) It's trying something new. Candidates are trying to get their ads noticed over the hundreds of other ads people will be bombarded with over the next few weeks. What better way than to do a buzzy ad that folks like The Fix will write about (hey, wait a minute . . .) and news stations will air (for free!) during their actual programming.
Consider Priorities USA's Joe Soptic ad in 2012. The spot ran on TV precisely once (by accident), but its message was so talked about that it was probably one of the most-viewed ads of the presidential campaign.
Given the proliferation of the campaign-industrial complex, there's an ever-increasing premium on getting noticed. And especially this late in the midterm campaign, the easiest way to do that is by showing people something they haven't seen.
3) Dumb is okay. People are used to dumb stuff in their politics. It's kind of like negative ads in general. People say they hate such ads, and they probably do, but those ads also have a demonstrated effect on their votes. That's why most ads are negative.
So, yes, it's dumb that we're debating how our U.S. senators hold guns and ride snowmobiles. But it's really just the next logical progression in American politics.
Update 3:34 p.m.: And just like that, Begich's campaign is crying foul over the ad .
 

