Cut in gold import duty unlikely beforebudgetRice cultivation in east India is ‘net carbon sink’
Any revision in Cut in gold import duty unlikely before Budget import duty is unlikely to take place before the Budget and there is no proposal as of now to reduce the 10 per duty, a finance ministry official said.
“On import duty (on gold) there is no decision at the moment. Import duty whatever has to be done will form part of the Budget. At the moment there is no proposal to reduce import duty on gold,” the official said.
There has been widespread expectations of reduction in customs duty on gold due to the improved current account deficit situation. The Commerce Ministry has also been pitching for a cut in import duty on the precious metal.
General Budget for the coming fiscal is generally announced on the last working day of February.
Earlier this week, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan had also said that there were some requests to change the duty structure (on gold) and that government will view and take a decision on it.
The then government in 2013 had increased import duty on gold to 10 per cent following rising current account deficit (CAD) mainly due to import of gold.
Speaking about the removal of 80:20 restriction, the official said it is enough to ease the problem of gold availability and this will curb the problem of smuggling that was taking place.
Besides, the CAD situation is fairly comfortable and therefore there was no need to continue with it, the official added.
The 80:20 gold import curbs were put in place in August 2013 to curb high gold inflows that was leading to widening CAD.
Last month, the government decided to scrap this scheme as it was creating distortions.
Under this scheme, at least 20 per cent of the imported gold had to be mandatorily exported before bringing in new lots.
The surprise move came at a time when the industry was actually expecting more curbs on imports of gold, which is seen as an unproductive asset-attracting household savings away from the financial markets.
“The decision to scrap the 80:20 scheme is a reasonable one and let us see how it plays out. I think the fact that we have a substantial fall in crude imports means that we have some room to sustain an expansion in another import,” the RBI Governor had said.
The governor had said the decision to withdraw the scheme was taken by the government and RBI involvement was just to advise it on the same as there were some debates about the 80:20 scheme and the distortion it was creating.
It can be noted that gold imports jumped 280 per cent to USD 4.17 billion in October.
TAGS: Raghuram Rajan
More from commodities
Govt hikes import tariff value on gold and silver The government raised import tariff value on gold to USD 396 per 10 grams and on silver to USD 561 per kg in line...

Gold prices recover on wedding seasondemandGold prices recovered by Rs 20 to Rs 26,900 per ten grams at the bullion market in the national capital today on the back of wedding season demand from jewellers and retailers even as the metal weakened overseas.
Silver rose by Rs 100 to reclaim the Rs 37,000-mark on increased offtake by industrial units.
Traders said scattered demand from jewellers and retailers in view of wedding season helped gold prices to recover but a weak trend in global markets limited the gains.
Globally, gold declined by 0.40 per cent to USD 1,204.69 an ounce in Singapore.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity went up by Rs 20 each to Rs 26,900 and Rs 26,700 per ten grams, respectively, while sovereign held steady at Rs 23,700 per piece of eight grams.
Silver ready also moved up by Rs 100 to close at Rs 37,000 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 580 to Rs 36,650 per kg on speculative buying.
Meanwhile, silver coins ruled steady at Rs 62,000 for buying and Rs 63,000 for selling of 100 pieces in restricted activity at existing higher levels.
TAGS: Gold Price
More from commodities
Govt hikes import tariff value on gold and silver The government raised import tariff value on gold to USD 396 per 10 grams and on silver to USD 561 per kg in line...

Shares of cigarette companies jump up to 10% onbourses'Our land rejuvenation model has brought prosperity to Indian farmers': William D Dar, ICRISAT
Shares of cigarette companies such as Godfrey Phillips and ITC surged as much as 10.4 per cent following reports that a Health Ministry proposal to ban sale of loose cigarettes is likely to be put on hold.
ITC jumped 5.67 per cent to Rs 383.60 on the BSE, becoming the top gainer amongst the 30 Sensex components.
Shares of Godfrey Phillips surged 10.38 per cent to Rs 650 and VST Industries zoomed 6.52 per cent to Rs 1,991.60.
A Health Ministry proposal to ban sale of loose cigarettes is likely to be put on hold following objections by some MPs, including some Union ministers, and farmers associations against taking drastic regulatory steps.
At a meeting called by Union Minister Venkaiah Naidu, Health Minister J P Nadda assured the MPs that he will look into all issues pertaining to tobacco and arecanut growers and industry before taking any policy decision.
India is the second-largest tobacco producer in the world and its export earns the country foreign exchange over Rs 6,000 crore annually.
TAGS: Godfrey Phillips ITC J P Nadda Venkaiah Naidu
More from markets
Govt hikes import tariff value on gold and silver The government raised import tariff value on gold to USD 396 per 10 grams and on silver to USD 561 per kg in line...

Sensex rises 120 pts to close at 28 562.82; Nifty ends about 27 pts higher at8 564.40Direct equity set to top FDs as biggest asset class in FY15: Report
The benchmark Sensex today bounced back to end with a gain of 120 points and Nifty jumped 26.75 points after rising to new lifetime high on the back of heavy buying in ITC shares on buzz that the government will not ban sales of loose cigarettes.
Global cues were also supportive. Asian and European stocks surged on talk of global monetary stimulus ahead of a European Central Bank policy meeting that could move closer to expanded monetary easing.
ITC, the most influential stock in 30-share BSE Sensex, jumped 5.44 per cent to over six-month high on speculation that government will put on hold its proposal to ban sales of loose cigarettes. Shares of other cigarette makers like Godfrey Phillips and VST Industries also rose in 2-6 per cent range.
The Sensex, which had retreated from record highs by falling over 251 points in the previous three sessions, opened today on a strong footing. It quickly soared to day’s high of 28,808.78. However, profit-booking at higher levels forced it to pare gains and closed at 28,562.82, up 120.11 points, or 0.42 per cent.
On similar lines the 50-share National Stock Exchange index Nifty, after scaling a new peak of 8,626.95 in early trade, closed at 8,564.40, up 26.75, or 0.31 per cent. Intra-day, the gauge breached its earlier record of 8,623 reached on December 1.
Persistent foreign capital inflows into equity market also boosted the market sentiment. Foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) bought shares worth net Rs 391.07 crore yesterday.
Besides ITC, Sensex constituents Sesa Sterlite, Cipla, ICICI Bank, Hindustan Unilever, HDFC Bank, SBI, Axis Bank, HDFC and Bajaj Auto notched up moderate gains.
Sectorally, the BSE FMCG index gained the most by rising 3 per cent, followed by Banking index 0.76 per cent, Capital Goods index 0.40 per cent, Metal index 0.29 per cent, Auto index 0.13 per cent and Power index 0.06 per cent.
Buying activity also witnessed in smallcap and midcap stocks. The BSE Small Cap index rose 0.31 per cent and the BSE Midcap index gained 0.25 per cent.
Most Asian indices rose. “Chinese shares soared to multi year highs amidst steep rise in financial and oil shares and on the back of expectations of further economic stimulus measures,” said Hiren Dhakan, Associate Fund Manager, Bonanza Portfolio.
TAGS: Sensex And Nifty
More from indianmarkets

SAIL share sale floor price fixed at Rs 83; may fetch Rs 1 700crDirect equity set to top FDs as biggest asset class in FY15: Report
Government’s five per cent stake in steel giant SAIL will be sold at a floor price of Rs 83 per share tomorrow, which can raise Rs 1,500-1,700 crore for the exchequer in the first disinvestment under the new regime.
“Government expects to garner Rs 1,500 crore to Rs 1,700 crore from SAIL disinvestment. Floor price will be Rs 83 and retail investors will get a discount of 5 per cent,” an official said after a meeting on SAIL disinvestment in the Finance Ministry.
The SAIL offering would be the first PSU share sale under the new government, which targets to raise Rs 43,425 crore through share sales in various state-owned firms during the ongoing fiscal.
Retail investors would get a discount of 5 per cent to the bid price in the SAIL offering.
The floor price of Rs 83/share indicates a 2.75 per cent discount to the closing price of SAIL scrip that ended 0.35 per cent down at Rs 85.35 on the BSE.
The sale of 5 per cent stake, or about 20.65 crore shares, of SAIL at the current market price would fetch the exchequer about Rs 1,700 crore.
As much as 10 per cent of the offered shares has been reserved for retail investors, who can buy shares worth up to Rs 2 lakh in the share sale. A minimum of 25 per cent of the issue size would be reserved for mutual funds and insurance companies.
The Cabinet had in July 2012 approved a 10.82 per cent stake sale in SAIL. Accordingly, the first tranche of disinvestment of 5.82 per cent was completed in March 2013.
The government has lined up a host of PSUs to pare its holdings. The disinvestment plan includes 5 per cent stake sale in ONGC, 10 per cent in Coal India and 11.36 per cent in NHPC.
HSBC Securities, Deutsche Equities, J P Morgan India are among the six merchant bankers advising the SAIL stake sale.
While the new government assumed power in late May, there have been no PSU share sale so far in the current fiscal. During the previous 2013-14 fiscal, government has raised Rs 1,500 crore from sale of SAIL shares while the entire disinvestment proceeds stood at over Rs 16,000 crore.
TAGS: SAIL
More from indianmarkets

World Disabled Day in DelhiTweet
Physically-challenged Tauqir Ahmad sits on a wheelchair as volunteers from NGO Aarth Astha manoeuvre it through a narrow alley flanked by a drain as he is assisted to attend a rally organised on World Disabled Day in a slum in Govindpuri area of Delhi. (Gurinder Osan/HT Photo)
Physically-challenged Akash is consoled by others as he sits on a wheelchair for the first time in his life to attend a rally organised on World Disabled Day in a slum in Govindpuri area of Delhi. (Saumya Khandelwal/HT Photo)
Physically and mentally-challenged Subhista, 11, sits near her house in a slum in Govindpuri area of Delhi on World Disabled Day. (Saumya Khandelwal/HT Photo)
Sonia, a special needs child, stands in a narrow alley along with her sister Mantoo (R) near her house where she stays with her grandparents in a slum in Govindpuri area of Delhi on World Disabled Day. (Gurinder Osan/HT Photo)
Pradeep, whose legs are affected by polio, manoeuvres a drain in a slum in Govindpuri area of Delhi in this photo taken on World Disabled Day. (Gurinder Osan/HT Photo)
Mentally-challenged Kirti, 4, is carried by her mother as she attends a rally organised on World Disabled Day to create awareness on disability issues at a slum in Govindpuri area of Delhi. (Saumya Khandelwal/HT Photo)
Dabloo, whose legs are affected by polio, sits at the entrance to his house in a slum in Govindpuri area of Delhi in this photo taken on World Disabled Day. (Gurinder Osan/HT Photo)
Advertisement

18 additional blocks to be put on sale in the first phaseNEW DELHI, December 4, 2014
Updated: December 4, 2014 23:51 IST
18 additional blocks to be put on sale in the first phase
Yuthika Bhargava
Tweet
File Photo
The Supreme Court had in September cancelled the allotment of 204 mines allotted since 1993, terming them ‘arbitrary and illegal’.
TOPICS
coal
The government has decided to put 18 additional coal blocks up for e-auction scheduled in February, taking the total number of coal blocks on sale in the first phase to 92 blocks.
“We will now be putting 18 more blocks up for auction in addition to the 74 announced earlier,” Coal Secretary Anil Swarup said, adding the step was taken as sufficient number of coal blocks was not available for the power sector.
Out of the 92 coal blocks to be allotted and auctioned in the first phase, 57 mines would be given to the power sector. Of the 57 blocks, 23 would be put for auction, while 23 would be considered for allotment to States, the Secretary explained.
The tender document for the auction, he said, was likely to be released on December 22. He was speaking to reporters at a workshop organised by the Federation Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FICCI).
The Supreme Court had in September cancelled the allotment of 204 mines allotted since 1993, terming them ‘arbitrary and illegal’.
The government had last month announced auctioning of 74 blocks in the first phase, stating that the auctions would begin on February 11 and mines would be allotted only to specified end-users. The government had also made it clear that the number of mines a company could bid would be capped to avoid monopoly.
Further, Mr. Swarup said the Coal Ministry was working an electronic platform where “we will house all the problems and then take it up with the stakeholder.” The platform should be up in 15 days.
The issues flagged on the platform will include, land as well as related R&R issues and delay in obtaining forestry and environmental clearances, among others.

America s Working Poor Face  Pervasive  Wage Theftamerica s working poor face  pervasive  wage theft
The Answer to Employee Engagementreddit
The statistics that have emerged about U.S. employee engagement are eye-opening: Seventy percent of U.S. employees say they are not engaged at work. Strangely, few managers have a strategy to deal with the problem. I say strangely, because the answers to employee indifference are easily found. The fact that today's managers are having difficulty accessing them is indicative of just how disconnected we have become from basic human instinct.
Make a Difference
People want to make a difference. They want their lives, time and energy to matter. This is not meant to imply that a paycheck isn't important, but people work for more than just money.
At the polymer science company I ran for 34 years, we took an enormous leap when we realized we mattered. Until we re-examined how we defined our customer, we didn't realize our importance.
One of our products was highway striping paint, which was specified by state Departments of Transportation and purchased and applied by contractors with winning bids. For years, we thought the DOTs and the contractors were our customers. It was only when we realized the driving public was our real customer, and our real business was saving lives, that our business took off. This understanding not only provided tremendous motivation, but also inspired great innovation as this realization sank in and we began to look at product performance differently.
Foster Self-Discovery
Mindfulness is a hot topic right now because people are beginning to discover its power to still scattered thoughts and improve focus. But beyond improving focus, mindfulness can foster inner connection. Ultimately, it's only when employees bring that which is deep within them 0- the best part of themselves -- to work that they are truly engaged. If they do not have the time and space, knowledge and tools to look within, they will never discover this inner connection.
"Discover the power within" is the motto of our company because ultimately, the best source of help for all of us is our own inner-resources. When you support employees and managers in knowing their inner-strengths, you bring the best part of them to bear on your bottom line. That's engagement.
Not only that, but the self-knowledge that comes from introspection is good as gold for helping your employees to manage others as well.
Connect to Purpose
The real purpose of every entity and every individual is to add highest value without holding back. Doing so requires a mindset and a focus that is not supported by the typical worldview. Most of the world is focused on having more and getting more in an environment characterized by distractions and noise. To help your people stay grounded, centered and focused on adding highest value, support them in finding it within themselves by frequently exercising their inner connection. In addition to mindfulness practices, yoga practice and meditation are helpful. So is asking penetrating questions that require them to look within, and giving them the time and space to do so.
Employee engagement happens when employees see their job as an integral part of their life journey. It happens you when you make room for the awareness that the most powerful, creative and meaningful thoughts come from allowing ourselves to experience the space between our thoughts.
Ratanjit S. Sondhe is the founder and CEO of Discoverhelp, Inc ., a public speaker and the author of the new book, "How Oneness Changes Everything: Empowering Business Through 9 Universal Laws."
Follow Ratanjit S. Sondhe on Twitter: www.twitter.com/Ratanjit_Sondhe
More:

Housing in 2015: Consumers Upbeat  but Recovery Faces a Tricky Handoffreddit
Consumers think 2015 will be a better year than 2014, especially for selling a home. But the recovery will slow as the rebound effect fades before fundamentals become strong. Key markets to watch are in the Northeast, South, and West.
What does 2015 have in store for the housing market? Nine years after the housing bubble peaked and three years after home prices bottomed, the boom and bust still cast a long shadow. None of the five measures we track in our Housing Barometer is back to normal yet, though three are getting close. The rebound effect drove the recovery after the bust, but is now fading. Prices are no longer significantly undervalued and investor demand is falling. Ideally, strong economic and demographic fundamentals like job growth and household formation would take up the slack. But the virtuous cycle of gains in jobs and housing is relatively weak, and that will slow the recovery in 2015. All the same, consumers are optimistic, according to our survey of 2,008 American adults conducted November 6-10, 2014.
Consumers Expect 2015 To Be Better, Especially for Selling a Home
Consumers are as optimistic about the housing market as at any point since the recovery started. Nearly three-quarters -- 74% -- of respondents agreed that home ownership was part of achieving their personal American Dream - the same level as in our 2013 Q4 survey and slightly above the levels of the three previous years. For young adults, the dream has revived: 78% of 18-34 year-olds answered yes to our American Dream question, up from 73% in 2013 Q4 and a low of 65% in 2011 Q3.
Furthermore, 93% of young renters plan to buy a home someday. That's unchanged from 2012 Q4 despite rising home prices and worsening affordability.
Which real estate activities do consumers think will improve in 2015? All of them - but especially selling. Fully 36% said 2015 will be much or a little better than 2014 for selling a home. Just 16% said 2015 will be much or a little worse, a difference of 20 percentage points. The rest of the respondents said 2015 would be neither better nor worse, or weren't sure. More consumers said 2015 will be better than 2014 for buying too. But the margin over those who said 2015 will be worse was not as wide.
Despite this optimism, barriers remain to homeownership. Saving for a down payment is still the highest hurdle, as it was last year, followed by poor credit and qualifying for a mortgage. Not having a stable job has become considerably less of an obstacle, dropping to 24% this year compared with 36% last year thanks to the recovering job market. But affordability has become a bigger obstacle. Some 32% of respondents cited rising home prices, compared with 22% last year.
Housing Recovery in 2015: Rebound Effect to Fade Before Fundamentals Can Take Over
Different engines power each stage of the housing recovery. During the early years - roughly 2012 to 2014 - the rebound effect drove the recovery. Investors and other buyers scooped up undervalued homes and took advantage of foreclosures and short sales, boosting overall sales volumes. Local markets hit hardest in the housing bust posted the largest price rebounds. Now, though, the rebound effect is fading. Price levels and price changes are both approaching normal, foreclosure inventories are dwindling, and investors are pulling back. This is inevitable as the market improves and therefore shifts to slower, more sustainable price increases and a healthier mix of home sales.
So what replaces the rebound effect in the next stage of the housing recovery? The market increasingly depends on fundamentals such as job growth, rising incomes, and more household formation. But here's the hitch: These fundamental drivers of supply and demand haven't returned to full strength. They aren't able to fully take the reins from the rebound effect. Importantly, the share of young adults with jobs is still less than halfway back to normal, many young adults are still living with their parents, and income growth is sluggish. This points to a tricky handoff, and means housing activity in 2015 might disappoint by some measures, though the rental market will remain vigorous.
Here's what we expect:
Price gains slow, but affordability worsens. Price gains slowed in 2014 and we'll see more of the same in 2015. In October 2014, prices increased 4% year-over-year, down from 10.6% in October 2013. The slowdown has been especially sharp in metros that had a severe housing bust followed by a big rebound. Now, prices nationwide are just 3% undervalued relative to fundamentals . That leaves fewer bargains and scant room for prices to rise without becoming overvalued. What's more, with consumers expecting 2015 to be a better year to sell than 2014, more homes should come onto the market, cooling prices further. Nevertheless, despite slowing price gains, home-buying affordability will worsen in 2015 for two reasons. First, even these smaller price increases will almost surely outpace income growth. In 2013, incomes rose just 1.8% year-over-year in nominal terms, and a negligible 0.3% after adjusting for inflation. Second, the strengthening economy and the Fed's response should push up mortgage rates.
The rental market will keep burning bright. Next year will see strong rental demand and lots of new supply. The demand will come from young people leaving homes belonging to parents or roommates and renting their own places. Until now, they've been slow to leave the nest. But the 2014 job gains for 25-34 year-olds should lead to the rise in household formation we've been waiting years for. At the same time, the 2014 apartment construction boom will mean more supply in 2015 since multi-unit buildings take about a year to build. Will rent gains slow? Probably - provided that this new supply keeps up with formation of renter households. This surge of renters will probably cause the homeownership rate to fall. To be sure, the ranks of homeowners will probably rise. But an even larger number of young adults will enter the housing market as renters.
Single-family starts and new home sales could disappoint. While apartment construction is breaking records, single-family housing starts and new home sales are still not much better than half of normal levels. They'll improve in 2015, but not as much as we'd like. Our consumer survey suggests more people will try to sell existing homes. That would add to the supply on the market and possibly reduce demand for new homes. Also, the strongest source of housing demand will be young people getting jobs and forming households. But they'll be moving into rentals and saving for a down payment rather than buying homes right away. Finally, the vacancy rate for single-family homes is still near its recession high, which discourages new construction. The apartment construction boom shows that where there's demand, builders will build. But buyer demand for single-family homes simply hasn't recovered enough to support near-normal levels of single-family starts or new home sales.
If these predictions for 2015 sound similar to our predictions for 2014, you're right. As the rebound effect fades and fundamentals take over, the recovery gets slower and the market starts to look more similar from one year to the next. But there's good news here. Even though the recovery remains unfinished, the housing market is becoming more stable and more certain for buyers, sellers, and renters.
Markets to Watch in 2015
As the rebound effect fades, our 10 markets to watch have strong fundamentals for housing activity. These include solid job growth, which fuels housing demand, and a low vacancy rate, which spurs construction. We gave a few extra points to markets with a higher share of millennials. These young adults are getting back to work and that will drive household formation and rental demand. We didn't include markets where prices looked at least 5% overvalued in our latest Bubble Watch report. Here are our markets to watch, in alphabetical order:

Introducing Earned  Owned and Paid Native Content Discoveryreddit
More and more, marketers are beginning to figure out that content marketing without marketing content can be an expensive, time consuming and failure-prone endeavor. Marketers from all stripes are experimenting with many different channels in order to maximize their content's exposure, and rightfully so. The competition for digital attention has never been greater than it is today.
There are three major classifications for paid content discovery - offline, traditional digital and the newest form, native. According to the Content Marketing Institute's latest B2B and B2C research, traditional digital advertising (search engine marketing, banner and social ads) and offline (print and others) content discovery usage rules the day with between 49 percent and 71 percent adoption, depending on the channel.
It's not surprising that these distribution channels are the most popular. They're also the most mature. Also, according to the same research, some of them are also considered the most effective. However, based on my years of experience, I've found that both traditional digital advertising and offline forms of content discovery are the least effective content distribution channels for scaled amplification.
It's likely that many of these channels are perceived to be most effective because for a decade or more many of them have had dedicated budgets and staff assigned to managing them. Social ads are the exception. Newer, more native forms of advertising (promoted posts, digital native advertising and content discovery tools) have not been around very long and according to the research have lower adoption rates. They're also on the lower end of effectiveness, with promoted posts being the exception.
Marketers managing large PPC, banner and offline promotion budgets have a vested interest in protecting their silos. Of course they'll be a rosy picture painted on effectiveness because they want to keep their jobs. It's a CPM and/or CPC game with millions of impressions daily they've been playing years before most were even talking about content marketing. Many of these channels are rife with fraud , too.
While these channels certainly have their place in content marketing, they are not ideal for brands looking to scale the discovery of its' top of the funnel or ZMOT content. To scale content amplification brands should look to and adopt native content discovery tools and networks. There are three types, each has certain advantages and disadvantages, but when used in concert represents an optimized approach for brands to ensure the maximum amount of prudent content gets seen and business goals are met.
Paid Content Discovery
When many folks think of native advertising or content discovery they think of networks like Taboola , Adblade or Outbrain . It's not surprising because these networks are quickly growing and proving to be significant revenue drivers for publishers. They're also particularly effective at scaling and amplifying content discovery in an economical way. Sponsored social media posts also fall into this category, but they tend to be less economical and harder to scale.
The networks above work by placing an image and/or snippet of a brand's content on other websites in a native way and recommending that the reader click through. Many of the publishers that partner with these networks have millions of subscribers and visitors.
Third party services and tools like Zemanta and Cision are cropping up around these and other networks allowing brands to tap into several at once and at negotiated rates. Users of these networks are finding them to be exceptionally effective in many ways, too.
Visitors coming through Taboola view 111 percent more pages per session than users coming through organic search and 48 percent more than users coming through organic social. Moreover, the bounce rate on traffic from Taboola is 55 percent lower than organic search and 57 percent lower than organic social.
Earned Content Discovery
This represents an interesting twist to the paid content discovery networks mentioned above. While amplifying a brand's owned media can certainly work to a marketer's advantage, amplifying positive earned media can, too. InPowered helps marketers discover earned media about their brands, content, products and services, and empowers them to amplify it in a turnkey fashion at scale on multiple networks.
This is an important arrow for a marketer or PR professional to have in their content marketing quiver because, according to Nielsen , expert content--credible, third-party articles (earned media)--is the most effective source of information in impacting consumers along all stages of the purchase process.
Owned Content Discovery
Here's a category I've just recently learned about and can't wait to share some use cases around. Many marketers help manage websites with hundreds, if not thousands, of pages. Some pages have helpful content, offers, products and sales material.
If a qualified visitor to a website doesn't land on the best page to help them solve their problem how long do you think they'll stick around to look for it? They're not likely to hang around for very long at all, but for possibly one to four more clicks.
Solutions like BrightInfo , Contextly and Roost give marketers the ability to serve up relevant content to website visitors in real-time based on which pages they've already visited. This is done in a native, push or pop-up manner. The technology intelligently indexes on-page content to understand its topic and then offers visitors relevant landing pages or content to ensure they don't have to fish around a website to find what they're looking for.
BrightInfo can boost conversion rates by up to 83% while Roost's web push solution has a 30x better opt-in rate than email.
Content marketing is quickly evolving to marketing content and many brands are looking hard for the magic combination. Content promotion isn't easy, but trying to scale content discovery and amplification through tradition paid digital and off-line means is not likely the best solution no matter what the research above says. Instead, consider an optimized and converged approach to content discovery and amplification utilizing some of the networks and tools mentioned above.
This article originally appeared on Social Media Today .
Follow Chad Pollitt on Twitter: www.twitter.com/ChadPollitt
More:

Pitch on which Phil Hughes fell retiredPitch on which Phil Hughes fell retired
PTI
print
Cricket bats and helmets are lined up outside Macksville Public School hours before the funeral of Australian batsman Phillip Hughes in his home town Macksville on Wednesday. (AFP Photo)
Sydney Cricket Ground's Pitch No.7, the 22-yard strip on which Phillip Hughes fell after being fatally struck by a bouncer on head, has been retired.
The wicket square at the SCG has 10 pitches. Hughes received his fatal blow on pitch No 7 and fell face-forward.
He succumbed to the blow in the hospital a few days later, leaving the cricketing world in shock.
Curator Tom Parker told 'The Australian' that particular pitch on which Hughes was struck by a Sean Abbott bouncer would be getting the cold shoulder for a while.
No batsman could be expected to ply his trade on it. No curator could be expected to prepare it. Parker will give it another chance at next year's World Cup.
"Pitch No 7 has been retired," Parker said, as 3000 people converged on the SCG to watch the coverage of Hughes's funeral on the big screen on Wednesday.
New South Wales play a Sheffield Shield match at the SCG next week. It will probably start on Tuesday.
"It breaks my heart, what's happened. This is the people's ground. It really is. Look at everyone here. I never thought I'd see someone die out here. I love this place. I love what it means to people," Parker said.
"This old place has given us a lot of good memories. I'm shocked by what's happened. My staff are shocked. We won't be using that particular pitch for a long time," he said.
NSW next week will make their first Sheffield Shield appearance since the on-field tragedy. They will be playing on pitch No 2. It is about as far as Parker can get from the site of last week's accident.
"I don't want to touch it for now," he said.
Hughes's funeral service was shown on the SCG's big screen.

Strides Arcolab: Multiple triggers  attractively valuedStrides Arcolab: Multiple triggers, attractively valued
Ram Prasad Sahu |  Dec 05, 2014 10:25 PM IST
Shares of Strides Arcolab have spurted 48 per cent over the past month on upgrades by analysts on the back of niche US opportunities, integration benefits from the recent merger with Shasun Pharma and upsides from recent tie-ups. Given the larger product basket and vertical integration after the merger, as well as other revenue opportunities, the company, according to analysts at Macquarie, could triple its turnover to Rs 3,918 crore over three years. The research firm says the stock has the potential to double from recommended levels (to Rs 1,450) over this period. An analyst at a domestic brokerage indicated valuations at 10-12 times its FY16 estimates were not too demanding and the Street woke to that. The stock should  sustain current valuations of 15 times forward earnings, he added. The stock is among top pharma picks of some research houses.
The tie-up with Gilead to market blockbuster anti-hepatitis drug Sovaldi in developing markets could be a money spinner. The drug could generate $100 million for Strides over five years. Strides is expected to start marketing the drug in the first quarter of FY16 and, given higher margins, it is expected to add up over 15 per cent to the bottomline.
Analysts say the merger benefits could take time to materialise. The merger will help Strides be a vertically integrated player as it does not have an active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) business. APIs account for 60 per cent of Shasun's revenues. Apart from diversifying the revenue base, it will also improve margins. Strides has indicated there would be a reduction in operating costs 20 per cent. Analysts estimate the merged entity to generate operating profits upwards of Rs 550 crore in FY16 against the FY14 stand-alone of Rs 223 crore. Shasun's margins, lower than peers at eight per cent (for FY14) due to higher costs, were expected to move up to Strides margins of 21 per cent over two to three years.
The other benefit from the merger is the proportion of revenues from high-margin markets such as the US (pipeline of 160 products), that accounts for under 10 per cent of Strides’ revenues. The integration will help the company gain on the institutional business, 28 per cent of the Strides' revenues. Margins of Strides in this business (anti-retroviral) are lower than its peers, given the lack of dedicated API facilities.

Mahindra s South Korean subsidiary to launch its first car in JanuaryMahindra's South Korean subsidiary to launch first car in January
Sutirtho Patranobis , Hindustan Times  Seoul, December 05, 2014
First Published: 17:39 IST(5/12/2014) | Last Updated: 01:43 IST(6/12/2014)
Comments
Ssangyong Motors, the South Korean subsidiary of India’s Mahindra is set to launch its first car, Tivoli, following the buyout more than three years ago.
Lee Yoo-il, CEO of Ssangyong Motors, the South Korean subsidiary of India’s Mahindra, poses with Tivoli, which will be launched in January. (HT Photo)
The B class SUV, to be equipped with the latest technology, will be launched in Seoul on January, company CEO, Lee Yoo-il, to HT, adding following the January launch the company hopes to launch a new car every year.
Lee met HT for an exclusive interaction at the company’s plush Seoul office last week, a day after the launch of Tivoli was announced.
Over green tea, Lee said it was the Indian company’s investment of $520 million in March 2011 that saved Ssangyong and kept it debt free; last year another 80 million US dollars were injected into the company.
“In my opinion, Mahindra invested the money in this company for future strategic cooperation. We are now working with Mahindra to strategically cooperate and create a synergy effect,” Lee said.
The CEO said the Mahindra has a very strong IT side, which could be a platform for cooperation.
“They have a small engine, we have a big engine. In the future, we can develop an engine together, share the platform and the cost,” Lee said, adding that both could bring their talents together to made car designs and frames.
Similarly Korean side is good with technology while India could provide low labour and “smart engineers”.
Lee said there were initial issues during the buyout as the two entities did business different ways, in different styles.
“There were cultural differences; differences in the way of thinking, way of doing business,” he said.
The workers’ unions were also very strong and they had apprehensions mostly because they did not know about India, the CEO said.
Mostly, the workers only knew that India was a big country with “many races and languages”.
“They wanted to know about the future plans?” Lee said.
During the negotiations, the union members were kept informed about the decisions, he said and now the issues have been ironed out.
Talking about the impending launch, Lee said the car is aimed at “urban, young buyers between 25 and 35”.
It is likely to be exported to at least 100 countries including in Europe, South America, Asia and West Asia.
Lee said that with this launch, he hopes that the company will not only make a sharp turnaround but will continue to serve as an example of Indo-Korea entrepreneurial success story.
 

Sonam Kapoor and her three stooges in Dolly Ki Doli motion posterSonam Kapoor, her three stooges in Dolly Ki Doli motion poster
Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 05, 2014
First Published: 17:29 IST(5/12/2014) | Last Updated: 00:08 IST(6/12/2014)
Comments
Just days after Sonam Kapoor revealed her first look from Abhishek Dogra's Dolly Ki Doli, the first motion poster of the film was released on Friday. And this time, the surprise factors are the looks of the three male stars of the film - Rajkummar Rao, Pulkit Samrat and Varun Sharma.
Rajkummar Rao in a still from Dolly Ki Doli.
No surprises for guessing that Sonam plays a bride in the film. It is, however, her unconventional characterisation that's created a buzz: She looks stunning in a lehenga, but a bottle of alochol in her hand has left many intrigued. Pulkit Samrat, Rajkummar Rao and Varun Sharma are introduced as Dolly Ke Deewane in this one.
Interestingly, each one of them is shown as Dolly's groom. The three boys are introduced on screen, with a text announcing Dolly weds Robin Singh (Pulkit Samrat), Sonu Sehrawat (Rajkumar Rao) and Manoj Singh Chaddha (Varun Sharma). And the teaser ends with this: Lekin Dolly Kiski?.
Directed by Abhishek Dogra, Dolly Ki Doli is produced by Arbaaz Khan & Malaika Arora Khan. Thethe film is slated to hit theatres on January 23.
Pulkit Samrat in a still from Dolly Ki Doli.
Sharing the poster, Sonam Kapoor wrote on tweeted, "Vaise toh there's a long list, but get ready to meet the top 3 #DollyKeDeewane."
Vaise toh there's a long list, but get ready to meet the top 3 #DollyKeDeewane ;) http://t.co/Ne107Lo9N4
— Sonam Kapoor (@sonamakapoor) December 5, 2014
Varun Sharma in a still from Dolly Ki Doli.
comment Note: By posting your comments here you agree to the terms and conditions of www.hindustantimes.com

FC Goa book semi-final berth after comprehensive 3-1 win over ChennaiyinFCBy: Press Trust of India | Chennai |
Posted: December 6, 2014 12:33 am | Updated: December 6, 2014 1:38 am
FC Goa beat Chennaiyin FC in-front of their home crowd with 3-1 win to clinch a semi-final berth in the Indian Super League.
The team coached by legendary Zico now have 21 points from 13 games — just a point less than table toppers Chennayin and are assured of a place in the semi-final.
Romeo Fernandes (23rd minute), Brazilian Andre Santos (41st minute) and Cezch striker Miroslav Slepicka (62nd minute) scored for the winners while Jean Maurice reduced the margin for the ‘Men in Blue’ in the stoppage time.
It was a match that was completely dominated by Goa save first 15 minutes as they went all out in attack from the onset.
With regular coach Marco Materazzi not in the dug-out, Chennayin didn’t have the proper guidance. The decision to field inexperienced Jayesh Rane proved to be a poor decision.
Goa got the goal against the run of play when Mandar Rao Desai’s left-footed pile-driver richocheted against the horizontal before falling to Romeo, who stabbed it home with a left-footer before custodian Shilton Paul could react.
Shilton, who replaced regular goalkeeper Genaro Bracigliano, had a forgettable day in office.
Goa made it 2-0 after a defensive lapse by Chennayin’s part as Slepicka found an unmarked Santos, whose left-footed angular placement beat Shilton, who failed to sufficiently narrow down the angle.
After the change of ends, it was another punch that rocked the Chennai citadel when Narayan Das’s punch was barely parried away by Paul as Slepicka lurking around made no mistake with the rebound to make it 3-0.
In the dying moments, Chennai had something to cheer about as Goa goalie Jan Seda came out of his charge and Maurice cleverly pushed it towards the goal to pull one back. But that was too late in the day.

It will be a huge honour to share the court with Roger Federer: SaniaMirzaBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 5, 2014 10:19 pm
Sania Mirza’s dream of playing alongside Roger Federer will be realised when the two team up for the mixed doubles in the third leg of the International Premier Tennis League (IPTL) beginning in New Delhi on Saturday.
“Well what do I say. It will be a huge honour to share the court with Roger. Really looking forward to performing in
front of the home fans,” said Sania, who is representing table leaders Indian Aces in the four-team competition.
Sania and Federer are scheduled to play mixed doubles on Sunday and Monday.
Besides Roger and compatriot Rohan Bopanna, Pete Sampras will be Sania’s another famed teammate.
Asked who she would choose between Federer and Sampras for the mixed doubles, Sania said: “Well that is one hell of an option. I will take whoever you give me. I don’t choose in this scenario”.
Sania and Bopanna are the lone Indians competing in the IPTL. In such a scenario, do they feel the event will benefit
Indian tennis besides being an exhibition involving global icons like Federer and Sampras?
“Most definitely it will benefit Indian tennis. This kind of a players’ line up has never been seen before in the country. It can do a lot to motivate the youngsters. There is a lot of difference when you watch it live and when you watch the game on on TV,” said Sania.
Bopanna added: “Speaking for myself on the subject, I think IPTL will do a lot of good. Being a doubles players, my
matches are not shown on TV. All my friends tell me they only get to read about them in the newspapers. Now we are coming live and all these young kids can watch us play, seeing us they can be inspired to pick up the sport.
“It is a great format and we have got some great camaraderie going on. I think overall tennis is the winner here,” said Bopanna.
An expected question asked to the players was on their experience of playing in an all new time restricted format.
“It is fun. It can be part of the next season’s preparation. Off season can be tiring otherwise. We normally spend lot of time with our team. Events like these outside your country is a good way to prepare,” said world number five Ana Ivanovic, who was sitting alongside Sania.
Sania, on her part, was all praise for the tournament.
“It has been amazing so far. Initially there were a few changes we needed to get used to. We all came thinking it is going to be a bit relaxed but like everyone is saying we are giving everything we have. It is a lot fun at the same time,” said the Hyderabadi.
“As tennis players we don’t get to play team events very often. With IPTL we have struck have great friendships as
well.
Ivanovic added: “I have not played team events before and when I heard about this concept, I wanted to be a part of it. Like Sania said continued…

Bangladesh Cricket Board lifts embargo on Shakib Al HasansNOCPrint
Posted: December 5, 2014 10:05 pm | Updated: December 5, 2014 10:52 pm
Bangladesh’s Shakib Al Hasan can now participate in IPL-8 for his side Kolkata Knight Riders after the BCB ended its restriction on the all-rounder to take part in overseas competitions.
“He has no barrier to play abroad. We have lifted the embargo on his NOC. It was a unanimous decision on behalf of the BCB’s board of directors.” Bangladesh Cricket Board President Nazmul Hassan was quoted as saying on ESPNCricinfo.
Shakib was banned for six months on July 7 and conveyed that he would not be granted NOCs to play in out-of-country events until December 31, 2015.
He was punished for “serious misbehaviour” with the Bangladesh coach Chandika Hathurusingha and an altercation with a spectator during an ODI against India in Mirpur.
The BCB later reduced his ban by three-and-a-half months on August 26, letting him play for Bangladesh from September 15.
But a possibly a change of heart on Tuesday prompted Hassan to lift the restriction within a couple of days following which Shakib will be available to play in the Big Bash League starting December 18.
Hassan said Shakib’s improvement in behaviour had led to the decision and the players’ leadership qualities also hastened the act. “We are not against our players,” Hassan said.
“However, there are times when situations demand strict measures. The ban and NOC embargo on Shakib was a message to everyone that we will not compromise with discipline.
“I am glad that the player took the sanctions in the right spirit and showed his character by coming back strongly. I believe the outcome in the context of the Bangladesh team has also been positive and we have definitely seen greater teamwork and camaraderie during the series against Zimbabwe.”
The former captain is the nation’s leading wicket-taker in Test history with 122 victims in 34 Tests, and only two players have scored more than his 2,278 runs.

Vedas sole source of science and knowledge: RamanSinghBy: Express News Service |
Posted: December 5, 2014 10:05 pm | Updated: December 5, 2014 10:13 pm
Chhattisgarh Chief Minister Raman Singh is of the opinion that Vedas are the “first source of all kinds of science”.
Speaking at a “Veda and Vedic Culture meet” in a Gurukul of Mahasamund district on Friday, Singh said: “Vedas are the first source of all kinds of knowledge and science in the world. The knowledge ingrained in Vedas cleared the darkness of ignorance that had enveloped the world. Our Vedic literature contains a treasure of knowledge.”
Singh has thus joined a bevy of BJP leaders who have recently eulogized the ancient Indian culture saying it was the lone source of all knowledge and science.
Speaking at the occasion, Panchayat Minister Ajay Chandrakar said that several cultures have been destroyed in the course of time but “our eternal culture has sustained itself.”
“Our Sanatan Dharma has always moved ahead. India was a Vishwa Guru in ancient times, we can regain that status through Veda and Vaidic culture,” Chandrakar said.
Last week, another BJP minister Brijmohan Agrawal had said that Brahmins have been the sole custodian of Indian values and carry the responsibility of upholding the tradition.

Intermission: Seeings not believingBy Alyssa Rosenberg December 5 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
We’re starting to move into the holiday season, which for me means, in addition to getting a Christmas tree and figuring out which cookies I want to enter in what is apparently a very competitive bake-off here at The Post, it’s time to figure out when I can go see the Christmas Revels in Boston. On this gray and dreary day (at least from where I’m writing), I want to know: What holiday cultural events or holiday pop culture make these ever-shorter days seem a little brighter?
People chant during a protest in New York on Thursday against the decision of a grand jury not to indict a police officer involved in the death of Eric Garner. (Michael Nagle/European Pressphoto Agency)
• “ Eric Garner and Why Cameras Are Not Magic Wands ,” by James Poniewozik: At Time Magazine, Poniewozik debunks the tech triumphalism inherent in the idea that capturing police misconduct on video will be enough to overcome deeply ingrained ideas about race and power. Even when we are all looking at the same events, that doesn’t mean we see the same things.
“People who write about media and technology and society–people like me–can sometimes act like cameras are some magical, democratizing force, shining sunlight everywhere and disinfecting the dark corners,” he writes. “Put cameras in every pocket and Google Glass on every face and someday bad actors won’t be able to hide. People won’t be able to change their stories. This optimism is the opposite of the fear of a total-surveillance state. With bottom-up surveillance, the idea goes, we’ll live in an instant replay society; we will always be able to go to the videotape. If nothing else, the Eric Garner case is a reminder not to get too carried away with this. Images are powerful. But so are laws, so are juries, so are people’s deep-seated fears and beliefs, so is confirmation bias. ”
• “ China Watchdog Says TV Censorship Rules Should Apply Online Too ,” by Clifford Coonan: After speaking with a group of Chinese officials this week and listening to them talk about the tensions between “traditional” culture and more contemporary scripted and reality programming, it is very interesting to see what’s actually happening in content management in China.
“A more censorious environment coincides with a boom in tie-ups between China and Hollywood. HBO and Tencent have agreed to make HBO content available on a broad basis in China, including shows like ‘The Newsroom,’ ‘Boardwalk Empire,’ ‘Rome’ and ‘Band of Brothers,’ ” Coonan explains. “It is hard, however, to see how HBO’s traditionally edgy shows, which often feature graphic violence and sex as well as adult language, will make it past China’s online censors. Among the things banned under the new rules are scenes of one-night stands, extramarital affairs, partner-swapping, flirtation, rape, incest, necrophilia, prostitution, sexual perversion and masturbation. HBO and Tencent, however, say they are confident their content will get through to Chinese users intact.”
• “ VR Films Are Going to Be All Over Sundance in 2015 ,” by Angela Watercutter: As Sundance rolls out the lineup for January, Watercutter looks at a new technical innovation that will be well represented this winter and what it means for how we define what a movie is.
“After bringing a handful of Oculus Rift installations to Sundance in 2014, the festival’s New Frontier program, which focuses on innovation in filmmaking, is doubling down and bringing in a much larger slate of virtual reality experiences for 2015,” Watercutter explains. “Of the 13 installations in the program, nine feature VR and one of the remaining four—a videogame-esque piece about the Iranian Revolution in 1979—could have a virtual version one day. It’s a slate, senior programmer Shari Frilot says, that shows VR is ‘a point of conversation that’s going to be really relevant to festival audiences and filmmakers.’ ”
• “ 2014 was the year I saw my hair on TV ,” by Tracee Ellis Ross: The star of ABC’s hit family comedy “black-ish” explains — short and sweet — what it means to her to be able to be herself for a mass audience.
“My mom [Diana Ross] is known for her big hair. So me embracing my big hair was not outside the frame of reference of where I come from. What I think is exciting is that to a certain extent, there is a revolution happening where black women are owning their own beauty, despite the standard of beauty that in the past has not had space for it,” Ellis Ross tells Entertainment Weekly. “I think it’s huge that I’m wearing my natural hair texture on ABC in prime time. As Dr. Rainbow Johnson on ‘black-ish,’ I think my hair is part of the reality of this woman’s life. She has four children and is an anesthesiologist and a wife. She doesn’t have a lot of time to fuss with beauty, so her look is pretty simple. I’m very conscious of how I wear my hair on the show, and yet it’s the way I wear my hair as Tracee. You hire me, you hire my hair and you hire my a–. It’s all coming with me.”
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

SpiceJet seeks 6 weeks time to find investorTroubled times for SpiceJet; seeks six weeks time from AAI to find strategic investor
By ECONOMICTIMES.COM | 5 Dec, 2014, 05.26PM IST
According to ET Now, SpiceJet management met the Aviation Minister and Secretary last week and asked for time to find an investor.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Low-cost carrier SpiceJet has sought six weeks' time from the Aviation Ministry to stay afloat and find a strategic investor for the airline, reported ET Now.
According to ET Now, SpiceJet management met the Aviation Minister and Secretary last week and asked for time to find an investor. "They (SpiceJet management) have sought help of Aviation Ministry in getting moratorium period extended from the different agencies like Airport Authority of India," ET Now said.
"Airport Authority of India (AAI), that runs most of the airports in the country, has put SpiceJet on cash and carry model. This means that SpiceJet must pay first and fly. AAI is now ready to help SpiceJet by giving them one week of moratorium period provided they give bank guarantee," ET Now reported.
ET Now also said that DGCA , the aviation regulator , is monitoring SpiceJet on a day-to-day basis. "DGCA wants to ensure that the problem of funds should not compromise with the safety of passengers," ET Now said.
SpiceJet has not been able to finalise any investor name so far.
SpiceJet cut its fleet by about a third in September and will operate 22-24 Boeing planes until at least the middle of next year, its chief operating officer said, as the loss-making budget carrier looks to cut costs.
SpiceJet says it needs fresh capital to end five consecutive quarters of losses. Prior to the September cut, it had been operating 35 planes.
"The decision to shrink is part of our restructuring," Sanjiv Kapoor told Reuters in a telephone interview on Friday.
The airline flew 42 Boeing planes at the end of last year, and it has cut its daily flights to 275 from 340, he said.
Despite financial hurdles, ace investor Rakesh Jhunjhunwala picked up 75 lakh shares of SpiceJet for more than Rs 13 crore through open market route earlier in the month of December for an average price of Rs 17.88 apiece.
(With inputs from Reuters)

http://usat.ly/1q26ezzPersonal Finance: Money for grandchild's college fund
Veteran personal finance journalist Robert Powell answers your questions for USA WEEKEND.
Post to Facebook
Personal Finance: Money for grandchild's college fund Veteran personal finance journalist Robert Powell answers your questions for USA WEEKEND. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1zVW833
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Personal Finance: Money for grandchild's college fund
Robert Powell, USA WEEKEND 1:43 p.m. EST December 4, 2014
Veteran personal finance journalist Robert Powell answers your questions for USA WEEKEND.
USA WEEKEND personal finance advice columnist, Robert Powell
(Photo: Josh T. Reynolds for USA WEEKEND)
12 CONNECT 49 TWEET 5 LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
Veteran personal finance journalist Robert Powell answers your questions for USA WEEKEND.
I have a 529 account for my granddaughter. Will the money I have invested for her education be counted on her FAFSA form for financial aid?
– David Rohrshack, Farmington, Conn.
First the good news: Only the assets of the student and parent are reported; grandparent-owned accounts will not be included on the FAFSA, says Joe Hurley, founder of Savingforcollege.com.
The bad news: "Any financial support actually provided to the student by someone other than the parent, including withdrawals from a grandparent 529, must be added to the student's base-year income on the following year's FAFSA," he says. "Since student income is heavily weighted in determining eligibility, it may behoove the grandparent to wait until senior year of college before making withdrawals; or possibly transferring ownership of the account to the parent before withdrawing."
A good resource is the Federal Student Aid Handbook from the U.S. Department of Education.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1zVW833
USA NOW
Suspected family murderer has been found dead | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

http://usat.ly/1A0C9jTFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Chase CEO Jamie Dimon says he's cancer free
NEW YORK—JP Morgan Chase Chairman and CEO Jamie Dimon told employees that there was no evidence of the throat cancer that he announced he had been diagnosed with in July, several media outlets are reporting.
Post to Facebook
Chase CEO Jamie Dimon says he's cancer free NEW YORK—JP Morgan Chase Chairman and CEO Jamie Dimon told employees that there was no evidence of the throat cancer that he announced he had been diagnosed with in July, several media outlets are reporting. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1A0BK0S
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Chase CEO Jamie Dimon says he's cancer free
Edward C. Baig , USA TODAY 12:18 p.m. EST December 5, 2014
JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon.
(Photo: Scott Gries, Invision for JPMorgan Chase)
8 CONNECT 8 TWEET 1 LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
NEW YORK — JP Morgan Chase Chairman and CEO Jamie Dimon told employees that there was no evidence of the throat cancer that he announced he had been diagnosed with in July, several media outlets are reporting. In a staff memo published in the New York Times,
"As always, and especially since my diagnosis, I followed the advice I give to others — take care of your health first — nothing is more important," Dimon wrote in the memo.
Dimon reduced his schedule but stayed on the job while undergoing radiation and chemotherapy treatment that ended a few months ago. He told the staff that his ongoing prognosis is "excellent."
Dimon, 58, became the bank's board chairman in December 2006, a year after becoming CEO and president. In September 2013, JPMorgan Chase admitted fault and was fined around $920 million in a settlement of the bank's "London whale" 2012 trading debacle.
By late morning Friday, the bank's stock price was at 62.79, up 2.3%.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1A0BK0S
USA NOW
Suspected family murderer has been found dead | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

New Republic mass resignations: Any need for restructuring nowBy Erik Wemple December 5 Follow @ErikWemple
In a memo to staff yesterday announcing a masthead shake-up, New Republic chief executive Guy Vidra wrote that a reduction in the frequency of the 100-year-old magazine would require a staff “restructuring,” a common euphemism for layoffs. Well, that may not be necessary considering that a whole herd of staffers resigned en masse following the defenestration of top editor Franklin Foer and longtime literary editor Leon Wieseltier. Have a look at the departures.
BREAKING: Mass resignations just submitted at @TNR Full list… pic.twitter.com/SdM0VPQ8Et
Now compare that to the New Republic masthead .
Perhaps the “restructuring” will now come in the form of a hiring spree to fill vacancies created by the newsroom-wide disgust with Foer’s firing. A group of staffers met at Foer’s house last night for a New Republic “wake .” Apparently the resolve for a mass show of force, rumored yesterday, stiffened overnight.
Yesterday’s memo from Vidra promised an “all-hands meeting … to help answer any questions or concerns you may have.”
Okay, but the executives in that meeting, Vidra and Publisher Chris Hughes, didn’t take any questions from staffers, according to an informed source. Instead, Vidra and Hughes made some remarks and then adjourned the session so that management could get to the business of publishing the next print edition of the New Republic — perhaps quite a task in light of the mass-bolting.
Reading from notes on his laptop, Vidra reportedly sought to assure the (remaining) staff that the publication wasn’t “becoming BuzzFeed.” It’s not planning to jump into the listicle game or pursue breaking news tidbits or promote clickbait or game Facebook’s algorithm, according to a source who attended the session. Nor would the New Republic abandon its long-form heritage, insisted Vidra, but would rather conceive its big pieces with digital considerations from the start of the process. Media maven Jay Rosen tweeted about that strategy:
@ErikWemple Nothing wrong with that.
— Jay Rosen (@jayrosen_nyu) December 5, 2014
Correct: Even legacy newspapers long ago realized the importance of roping in webbies in the early stages of planning for big stories.
In addressing his suddenly diminished publication, Hughes noted that he was “broken up” about the mass departure, voiced respect for the New Republic’s history, and stressed the centrality of profitability to the magazine’s future. “He was saying that the healthiest thing for TNR is for it to become profitable,” says the source. What a change that would be: Anne Peretz, the wife of former New Republic owner Marty Peretz, told the New York Times , “We just didn’t have the $3 million a year to spend any more,” Anne Peretz says.
I am saddened by the loss of such great talent @tnr , many of whom have played an important role in making The New Republic so successful /1
— Chris Hughes (@chrishughes) December 5, 2014
Erik Wemple writes the Erik Wemple blog, where he reports and opines on media organizations of all sorts.

Why its rare for someone like Ashton Carter to work in governmentComments
By Harold Pollack December 5
President Barack Obama and Vice President Joe Biden applaud as Ashton Carter, Obama's nominee for defense secretary, speaks during the announcement, Friday, Dec. 5, 2014, in the Roosevelt Room of the White House in Washington. (AP Photo/Susan Walsh)
Harold Pollack is Helen Ross Professor at the School of Social Service Administration at the University of Chicago.
On Friday morning, President Obama nominated Ashton Carter to be the new secretary of defense.
I knew Carter long ago when I was in graduate school. I was twice his teaching assistant for a science policy class. He was a brilliant and gruff professor who attracted an eclectic mix of Harvard and MIT students. We haven’t had any particular occasion to cross paths in many years. But I am heartened to see someone of his background called forward to this position. Few are in Carter’s league for intellectual candle-power. A Rhodes Scholar with a doctorate in theoretical physics and expertise in medieval history, he checks the coveted meritocratic boxes. In some ways, he is a throwback to Richard Garwin and an earlier generation of physicists who have influenced security policy.
But these credentials are not what strike me as noteworthy in his potential appointment. Academic mandarins and business leaders have always contributed policy briefs, joined advisory committees, descended on Washington for brief periods to help craft public policies.
Carter chose to do something that few other academic stars have chosen to do. Since the early 1990s (with some breaks to return to academia), he has stuck around to actually accomplish important tasks . He did the work in multiple presidential administrations to run a monster procurement bureaucracy, to help nurture and then implement the Nunn-Lugar effort to dismantle Soviet-era nuclear weaponry, to provide better equipment to protect servicemen and women against roadside bombs.
When I look across the range of public health and social policies on which I have expertise, there are far too few people of this caliber and visibility who make such sustained contributions within government, as actual public managers. The head of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, Anthony Fauci comes to mind, and a few others. In too many cases, these outstanding figures are swimming against the tide.
As NYU scholar Paul Light relates in his sobering volume, A Government Ill-executed , much about Washington specifically conspires against attracting--and keeping--people with this sort of expertise. And over time, it has become correspondingly more difficult to operate and staff the federal government to accomplish important tasks.
To state the obvious, the nomination and confirmation process has become increasingly intrusive, acrimonious, and protracted. One nominee described the process as “ nasty and brutish without being short .” There has been a striking increase in filibusters . Counting recent cases such as Surgeon General nominee Vivek Murthy, about as many nominees have been filibustered under President Obama as in the entire prior history of the republic before then . Procedural delays have long-plagued the process.  Carter himself was given the full treatment, bleeding financially while his nomination was delayed and put on hold in the early days of the Clinton administration .
The problems go deeper, too. Paul Light was among the first to document a disturbing trend : Even among students who receive advanced training in public policy, an increasing percentage opt for positions in the private or nonprofit sectors rather than government.
Government pay-scales lag far behind the elite business world. More to the point, the pay lags increasingly far behind what people typically earn in most technical professions. The Congressional Budget Office reports that “ federal workers with a professional degree or doctorate earned about 23 percent less, on average, than their private sector counterparts .”
In my own field, the typical tenured professor might easily take a 50 percent pay cut to work in government. White House Chief of Staff Denis McDonough earns an annual salary of $172,200 . (Of course most White House employees earn far less.) By comparison, a 2013 survey of full professors at my university indicates an average salary exceeding $200,000 . People at the very top of their fields are earning much more.
Washington remains enticing to take a visible and important short-term gig. It’s still enticing to people who don’t mind the large pay gap, or who can burnish their subsequent consulting and lobbying credentials with a public tour of duty. The value proposition is more dubious for people outside these worlds, who ponder taking a position further down the bureaucracy where much of the important work is done--and then to stay at it when other opportunities beckon.
There are other mediocre practices, too. The Obama administration—like every one before it-- awards important ambassadorships to campaign donors . Most of these donors are dedicated and public-spirited. But what message does this send to the actual experts and professional diplomats who spend decades mastering the complexities of foreign relations and the workings of other societies?
This is a terrible problem, particularly as the world becomes more complex and interconnected, as science and technology become more central in a global world, as the inevitable relative decline of American power creates new challenges and opportunities that require different forms of expertise.
Assuming that he is confirmed, Carter will have much to contend with in a tough outside world and a tough domestic political environment. I have no idea whether he will succeed. I have no idea whether I will even agree with him. I do know that he has earned the opportunity to try.

Reliance Industries to work with Mexicos PetroleosReliance Industries to work with Mexicos Petroleos
http://usat.ly/1A0Eew0FacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
New Republic staffers quit after editor ousted
Editors and writers at The New Republic quit en masse Friday after its owner hired a new editor.
Post to Facebook
New Republic staffers quit after editor ousted Editors and writers at The New Republic quit en masse Friday after its owner hired a new editor. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1A0Eew0
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
8
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
New Republic staffers quit after editor ousted
Roger Yu , USA TODAY 12:27 p.m. EST December 5, 2014
Former President Bill Clinton gives the keynote speech at the New Republic Centennial Gala Dinner at the Andrew Mellon Auditorium in Washington, Wednesday, Nov. 19, 2014. (AP Photo/Cliff Owen) ORG XMIT: DCCO105
(Photo: Cliff Owen, AP)
65 CONNECT 36 TWEET 3 LINKEDIN 8 COMMENTEMAILMORE
About a dozen staff journalists and other contributing editors resigned at The New Republic Friday in support of its top editor who's quitting after the magazine's owner chose to cut the print schedule by half and shift more resources to digital media.
The resignations – reported on Twitter by several editors, including contributing editor and New Yorker writer Ryan Lizza, and confirmed by several staffers online – are a severe blow to the venerable magazine that's been losing subscribers and experiencing management turmoil in recent months.
Franklin Foer, the magazine's top editor, quit Thursday after citing differences in management and editorial vision with owner Chris Hughes. Leon Wieseltier, the literary editor who's been at the 100-year old magazine for more than 30 years, also quit in protest.
Following the announcement Thursday afternoon – which included plans to cut the number of published issues to 10 from 20 a year and move the headquarters to New York from Washington, D.C. -- there have been rumblings on Twitter and in reports that the staffers were ready to walk out en masse.
Hughes, co-founder of Facebook who bought the magazine in 2012, hired Gabriel Snyder, former editor of Gawker and The Atlantic Wire, as Foer's replacement. That Snyder was hired without Foer's knowledge also hastened Foer's decision to leave, according to a report by Politico.
Among the editors and writers who've confirmed their resignation on Twitter: Isaac Chotiner; Julia Ioffe; Alec MacGillis; Rachel Morris; Noam Scheiber; Judith Shulevitz; Greg Veis; and Jason Zengerle.
At least 13 other contributing editors who aren't staffers also ended their association with the magazine.
The New Republic's masthead lists 45 editorial staff members and 38 contributing editors.
"I am saddened by the loss of such great talent @tnr, many of whom have played an important role in making The New Republic so successful," tweeted Hughes. "It has been a privilege to work with them, and I wish them only the best. This is a time of transition, but I am excited to work with our team – both new and old alike – as we pave a new way forward. The singular importance of The New Republic as an institution can and will be preserved, because it's bigger than any one of us."
65 CONNECT 36 TWEET 3 LINKEDIN 8 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1A0Eew0
USA NOW
Suspected family murderer has been found dead | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

Protesters on 17th Street NWProtesters hit the streets again Friday night to demonstrate against police violence in the wake of the deaths of Eric Garner and Michael Brown. (Reuters)
Updated 12:13 a.m.
A pedestrian was reported struck by a vehicle near the Verizon Center on Friday night at the time of a protest there against grand jury actions in New York and Missouri.
There was no immediate indication whether the pedestrian was linked to the protest, and the extent of any injury was also unclear.
However, the 11 p.m. incident added to commotion connected to the demonstrations, in which protesters have marched through downtown, shutting down several intersections temporarily as they went. In another matter that appeared to contribute to tumult in the area, an arrest was made by Metro Transit officers.
A spokesman for Metro said the officers took someone into custody in an incident that was not linked to either the protest or to the nearby Gallery Place Metro station.
Updated at 8:46 p.m.
D.C. police said demonstrators continue their march throughout the District. They’re now in Adams Morgan, currently blocking the intersection at 18th & Columbia Road NW.
Updated at 8:21 p.m.
D.C. Police said demonstrators have moved to 14th and U streets Northwest, where they are currently blocking the intersection.
Updated at 7:41 p.m.
D.C. Police said demonstrators were moving through Northwest D.C. near the Verizon Center after blocking roads in that area earlier.
Authorities said 7th and H streets NW is “open to traffic” in a message on Twitter. Police said just before 8 p.m. that the protesters were moving westbound in the 900 block of H Street NW and that a group of protesters were headed northbound at 14th and K streets NW.
They also reminded drivers that rolling street closures were in effect.
About 50 protesters lay silently in the street in symbolic remembrance of #EricGarner #Ferguson pic.twitter.com/Dx3YGGmP3M
— Clarence Williams (@nu1wcf) December 6, 2014
Updated at 7:20 p.m.
Protesters are no longer blocking an intersection near the Verizon Center and are moving east on F Street NW, according to D.C. Police.
Authorities said in a tweet that the demonstrators were headed east in the 700 block of F Street NW and that there would be “rolling road closures in effect.” Traffic around the Verizon Center remained congested as demonstrators walked the streets. The demonstrators have done several moments of silence and “die-ins” for around four hours to recognize the four hours that Michael Brown’s body was left in a street in Ferguson.
At one point, about 50 protesters lay silently in the street in a symbolic remembrance of Eric Garner , who was killed in a chokehold position after a confrontation with New York Police Department officers. Demonstrators shouted “If I can’t breathe. You can’t breathe.”
Scenes from the protest –

Teach your kids cooking with this amazing yet simple recipeShare 0
Whole Wheat Orange and Apple Muffins
A play date, kid’s snack box or just an evening snack. These healthy muffins packed with orange and apple are perfect for kids at anytime and what’s more they will love to bake this with you. A little whisk , a little fold and lots of smiles
Makes 12 muffins
1/2 cups all-purpose flour (maida)
1 cup atta
1 cup  apple (peeled and chopped)
½  cup granulated sugar + 1 tsp cinnamon for topping
Method
In a bowl, combine orange juice and orange peel; set aside.
Mix the sugar and cinnamon for topping together and set aside
In an another large bowl, combine the flour, sugar, cinnamon, baking soda, baking powder and salt.
Beat the egg, milk and oil; stir into dry ingredients just until moistened. Fold in apple. Add the orange   juice mixture and fold
Fill greased or paper-lined muffin cups half full. Top with the sugar and cinnamon mixture
Bake at 180°C for 18-20 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in muffin comes out clean.
Cool for 5 minutes before removing from pan to a wire rack.
LATEST TRAVEL STORIES

53 000 fled Myanmar  Bangladesh by sea in 2014: UN53 000 fled Myanmar  Bangladesh by sea in 2014: UN
Sensex skids 105 pointsSensex skids 105 points
The illusion ofspringWritten by Khaled Ahmed |
Posted: December 6, 2014 12:16 am
Muslims have traced a recent trajectory they can’t decipher. Their states have become unstable after seeking to transition from authoritarianism to democracy. The world thought this transition would lead to some kind of Muslim enlightenment and called it their spring. It was an Arab Spring to begin with, but it could be called a Muslim Spring too.
Why were the Arabs supposed to achieve enlightenment when some non-Arab predecessors had already messed up their springs? Iran got rid of monarchy and embraced democracy in the 1980s. Today, it stones women to death and jails them for watching men’s soccer. The shah ruled forever and looks good in retrospect; Iran now has regular elections but looks medieval. Pakistan first slipped into military dictatorship but now has democracy, where the blasphemy law is employed to hunt down Christians and forcible conversions are making Hindus run away.
Before proceeding, I must acknowledge a brilliant book by McGill University professor T.V. Paul — The Warrior State: Pakistan in the Contemporary World. A chapter in the book seeks to understand the “geostrategic” behaviour of Pakistan in comparison with Turkey, Indonesia, Egypt, Taiwan and South Korea, all piggybacked by the United States because of their strategic locations.
For a Pakistani like me, whom history inclines towards loving Turkey since the Khilafat Movement of the early 20th century, the chapter is fascinating. A Kemalist Turkey — Jinnah and Iqbal revered the founder of Turkey, Kemal Ataturk — was ruled by generals in the 1950s, just like Pakistan. Both joined military pacts because they wanted to cash in on their strategic locations. But Turkey resisted the suicidal projection of the military state “outward”, unlike Pakistan, which became India-centric because of Kashmir: “The [Pakistani] elite’s use of religion for sectarian political goals widened the chasm among its various ethnic communities. The strategic approach of getting involved in great power geopolitical conflicts, as well as taking on a larger India, often by resorting to asymmetric means, only helped to weaken Pakistan as violent non-state forces now have turned against the state itself.”
Pakistan’s first military dictator, General Ayub Khan, was like Ataturk if you read his astoundingly “modern” diary, but developed an unpragmatic squint when it came to Kashmir. He didn’t win the 1965 War, which he started, and caused the loss
of East Pakistan in the post-Ayub era. He paved the way for the next phase, which was Islamisation — a deep-seated Muslim roadmap interrupted by his decade of “secular” dictatorship. General Zia-ul-Haq “fulfilled the aspirations of the Muslim masses” by enforcing “sharia” and no one has been able to take it out of the constitution after his death.
But Turkey has succumbed to another Muslim pathology: religious retrogression. As a disenchanted Pakistani, I liked the way continued…

Justice for thehelplessWritten by T R Andhyarujina |
Posted: December 6, 2014 12:06 am
No judge of any Supreme Court in the world has left his mark on humanitarian jurisprudence as Justice V.R. Krishna Iyer did in the short span of a little over seven years in the Indian Supreme Court. Appointed to the Supreme Court in July 1973, within a few months of the Union government’s supersession of three judges of the Supreme Court for their verdict against the government and Parliament in the Kesavananda Bharati case, the general public expected that Justice Iyer would toe the government line. At the same time, because of his earlier communist association in Kerala, his appointment was looked upon with deep suspicion by the legal fraternity. But with his unshakeable independence and commitment to the common man and human rights, Justice Iyer disappointed the government and surprised his critics, who later became his admirers.
He developed in his judgments a creative jurisprudence in which the hallmarks were his passion for the common, helpless and indigent man. His decision in Sunil Batra vs Delhi Administration in 1978 to reform the jail conditions of convicts remains a landmark. His profound humanitarian approach to the death penalty in Rajendra Prasad vs Uttar Pradesh in 1979 was followed by Lord Leslie Scarman in the Privy Council case of Riley vs Attorney General of Jamaica in 1982.
Immediately after his appointment, he resisted governmental pressure to impose an unconditional stay of the Allahabad High Court judgment in 1975 disqualifying Prime Minister Indira Gandhi. This judgment has been described as the finest hour of the Supreme Court by his most vehement critic, H.M. Seervai. Many years later, Justice Iyer revealed the pressure under which he was put to decide in favour of Indira Gandhi. On the day of the high court judgment in June 1975, then Law Minister H.R. Gokhale telephoned him and wanted to personally meet him, obviously to influence him to grant an unconditional stay of the judgment of the high court. Justice Iyer told him on the phone that as the prime minister had engaged an advocate (later N.A. Palkhivala), the appeal should be filed in the Supreme Court registry and there was no need to meet him. It was the conditional stay order of disqualification made by him that led, among other factors, to Indira Gandhi’s drastic step of imposing the Emergency.
Justice Iyer’s method of writing judgments with deep passion and flowery language irritated many persons, including judges of the Supreme Court like Justice V.D. Tulzapurkar, who criticised his language as being “prefaces, perorations, sermons and philosophies which have no proper place in judicial pronouncements”. To others, however, his judgments were a breath of fresh air from a crusader in continued…

NASA News Conference on Orion Spacecraft Test FlightHELP
[{"id":14519615,"hedshort":"RADAR - Storms on US West Coast","description":"VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUweather80F196_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"RADAR - Storms on US West Coast","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUweather80F196_16x9_608.jpg"},{"id":20969244,"hedshort":"EXPLORE.org - Underwater Penguin Swim Cam","description":"The exhibit features Magellanic penguins, some of which were rescued from Brazil where they were stranded outside their native habitat.","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/explore_AppleTV_20140725_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"EXPLORE.org - Underwater Penguin Swim Cam","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/explore_AppleTV_20140725_16x9_608.jpg"}]

Santelli: Significant 2-year note yieldssantelli: significant 2-year note yields
It took 22 people to approve Mitt Romneys tweets. Here are some things you can do with fewer people.By Aaron Blake December 5 Follow @aaronblakewp
An aide to Mitt Romney's 2012 presidential campaign says in a new report that, at the end of the campaign, it  required the sign-off of 22 people before publishing a tweet, Facebook post, a blog post or even a photo caption.
Let's let that sink in for a moment.
Okay, now that that's out of the way, here's a recap of few things you can do with the number of people it took to approve Mitt Romney's tweets.
Play a full 9-man football game, including two referees (20 people) (Editor's note: This is a thing  in Aaron's home state of Minnesota.)

Ticket prices for Redskins-Rams game plummet to as low as $3The last time they played at FedEx Field, the Redskins got booed off the field after every failed offensive possession, at the end of the first half, again throughout the third quarter, and at the end of the game by the few that remained .
Three weeks later as they return to their home stadium for the first time, the Redskins are in danger of having very few fans to either cheer or boo them.
As of Friday, thousands of unsold tickets remained for Washington’s game against the St. Louis Rams.
According to SeatGeek — a site that tracks ticket sales to sporting events and concerts — the Redskins’ tickets are selling on the secondary market for as little as $4 apiece, with the standing-room-only tickets listed for as little as $3. Lower level tickets are on sale for as low as $25, and even the “Dream Seats” behind the Redskins’ bench are listed on the re-sale market for well below their value, at $91 per ticket. Those tickets normally go for several hundred dollars apiece.
The average price of the tickets to the game is just $31, which would represent the cheapest average price for a regular season Redskins home game since 2009, according to SeatGeek.
Since September, Redskins ticket prices have dropped 64 percent. Originally, tickets went for an average of $87 apiece, and the figure dropped to $51 in October, $38 for November home games and then $31 this week.
The Redskins, now guaranteed of their seventh losing season in the last 10 years, have two more home games — Weeks 16 and 17 against Philadelphia and Dallas, respectively.
Mike Jones covers the Washington Redskins for The Washington Post. When not writing about a Redskins development of some kind – which is rare – he can be found screaming and cheering at one of his kids’ softball, baseball, soccer or basketball games.

9.04% CAGR for Building Automation & Controls Market to 2020 Says a Latest Research Report Available at..9.04% CAGR for Building Automation & Controls Market to 2020 Says a Latest Research Report Available at..
Senvion se  the german unit of #suzlon energy ltd. wins 172 mw order ...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Circuit revision circuit at 20% vs 10%Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Senvion installs 6.2mw wind turbine: senvion se  a wholly owned subsid...1125 Followers
Reposted about 10 days 17 hrs 21 sec ago by dhotiwinshaha and 1 others
Senvion Installs 6.2MW Wind Turbine: Senvion SE, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Suzlon Group, has erected th... http://t.in.com/0MRG
12.33 AM Dec 6th

TheStreet: angry money© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/9b8396f2-7bc8-11e4-b6ab-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Starbucks to add beer  wineStarbucks eyes booze, food and technology to boost U.S. growth
Starbucks to serve wine
Richard Bajjalieh, for the Chicago Tribune
Kathy Merchut, of Bartlett, tries a sample of wine served at a Starbucks in Schaumburg. Starbucks tested wine service at the store in 2012.
Kathy Merchut, of Bartlett, tries a sample of wine served at a Starbucks in Schaumburg. Starbucks tested wine service at the store in 2012. (Richard Bajjalieh, for the Chicago Tribune)
Reuters
Beer and wine coming to Starbucks
Can I get some booze with that latte? Starbucks to add beer, wine in sales push
Starbucks, aiming to give cooling U.S. traffic a jolt, on Thursday announced it will add beer, wine, and evening snacks to thousands of domestic cafes, widen lunch offerings and roll out mobile ordering.
Such efforts are part of the world's biggest coffee chain's plan to broaden its appeal as a destination with consumers who are spending more time shopping online rather than in malls and Main Street stores.
Read the story
The company, which is hosting its biennial investor meeting in Seattle, said it would lay out its five-year plans to double U.S. food revenue to over $4 billion by expanding food choices, particularly during lunch hours.
Starbucks plans to reap about $1 billion in new sales from the addition of evening menus, including beer, wine and food, at nearly 3,000 of its 11,900 cafes in the United States.
The coffee chain’s Streets of Woodfield cafe in Schaumburg in 2012 became the the first Starbucks location outside the Pacific Northwest to host the new concept, dubbed Starbucks Evenings.
There are more than 200 company-owned and licensed Starbucks shops in Chicago.
i really hope starbucks can hold on to this one. I mean there are lots of fast rising stocks. ECRY, AAL, BSTA
Mark_Biz
2
The company also will detail the launch of a new mobile ordering and payment system that it says will make getting a coffee fix even more convenient. That same technology will underpin deliveries in select U.S. markets next year.
Starbucks' U.S.-dominated Americas unit had a traffic gain of 1 percent in the latest quarter, versus the 5 percent jump in the year-earlier period. An increase in sales of food, such as croissants and breakfast sandwiches, has helped offset slowing traffic in the last three quarters.
Chief Executive Howard Schultz in January warned that a "seismic" shift to online shopping was taking a bite out of holiday traffic to many U.S. brick-and-mortar stores.
That, executives said, contributed to a moderate slowdown in traffic in December 2013.
Starbucks Chief Operating Officer Troy Alstead declined to comment on traffic trends in the current holiday quarter.
Some experts said the trend may be intensifying, pointing to the over 6 percent drop in spending at U.S. stores over the important Thanksgiving weekend.
Traffic softened earlier this year than last and the weakness is expected to continue through the holiday season, said Steven Barr, who leads PwC's U.S. retail and consumer practice.
"There are clearly fewer people out," Barr said.
Starbucks growth goals aren't focused only on the United States, however, it also will announce plans to double its China cafe count to 3,000 by 2019.
(Editing by W Simon)

Landmarks panel OKs latest Wrigley sign plansLandmarks panel OKs latest Wrigley sign plans
HANDOUT
Cubs latest Wrigley sign proposal approved by Landmarks Commission
Lawyer for rooftops say signs were moved to block views of clubs that won't sell to team.
The Commission on Chicago Landmarks on Thursday approved another revised plan from the Chicago Cubs to renovate Wrigley Field, with this one coming after the National Park Service made recommendations amid concerns over the team's plans for expanded advertising in the outfield.
The plan — approved 6-1 — removes a script sign in left field while reducing other signs and relocating others.
A Jumbotron in left field is still scheduled to greet fans by opening day next year, and the Cubs are still allowed to erect another video board and four open-backed script signs.
Chicago Tribune Graphics
The Park Service oversees federal tax breaks for renovations of historic structures and the Cubs want to soften the $375 million cost to renovate the century-old stadium with up to $75 million in tax credits. The Ricketts family, which bought the team in 2009, is paying for the project without a direct public subsidy, a rarity in today's sports business environment.
In July, the Cubs received approval from the commission to erect up to seven advertising signs in the outfield, including two video boards.
8
But the Park Service, which had approved the left-field Jumbotron and right-field script sign, balked at the additional advertising, according to a memo to the team. The agency was concerned that the two video screens and five signs would take the focus away from the historic center-field scoreboard and recommended that the team reduce the number of signs.
"What we're undertaking is really restoring a ballpark that in some cases is looking at things that haven't been seen for decades or close to 100 years," Cubs official Mike Lufrano told the commission.
The Cubs made other concessions to receive approval for the signs.
A right-field video screen would come down in size to 2,200 square feet from 2,400 square feet and it will be located closer to the foul line, where the bleachers are not as tall. The new location allows the video screen to be set lower. A script sign that the Cubs planned to put in that location will be moved closer to the center-field scoreboard.
@Steve Ungrey The looks have already changed completely from when I was a kid. The park district never should've allowed home owners to build, for the same reason it gave the Cubs about signs- it detracts from the original looks.
d winters
10
"This really underscores how detailed this is and the challenge that we have with trying to get this done in 26 weeks," Cubs spokesman Julian Green said afterward. "With all the intricate discussion and coordination that has to take place, our plan is to still stay here and play baseball because we know what Wrigley Field means to this city and what it means to the economy."
Although the left-field Jumbotron will be closer to the historic scoreboard than previously approved, it still will be farther than the script sign that has since been removed.
The signs have become a source of controversy during the renovations of Wrigley Field because they stand to potentially block lucrative views into the ballpark from surrounding rooftop clubs. Those clubs have a revenue-sharing agreement with the team. The Cubs are negotiating with the clubs, possibly to buy them.
Tom Moore, a lawyer for the rooftops — including some who have sued the commission over its July decision — said changing the locations of the signs was done to block the views of rooftop clubs that are unwilling to sell to the Cubs and free up views to those willing to sell.
After the commission's July decision, Moore said, "Crane Kenney repeatedly told rooftop owners that thanks to the landmark commission decision he could now block their views and put them out of business. Alternatively, he said that he would buy their businesses at fire sale prices — take it or leave it."
Green declined to comment on Moore's allegations after the meeting.
Mark Schlenker, who owns the Brixen Ivy rooftops, said he supports the Cubs making more revenue but that there's no reason the team can't compensate him given how much the Cubs are worth.
"I've been working tirelessly to run a small business," he said. "But now the wealthy have made a billion dollars and I've got to basically lay off some people and I don't even know if my business is going to survive."
Other changes approved today include adding two elevators in the left- and right-field bleachers for people who need them, a change that will lead to a reduction in seats.
At the meeting, Eleanor Gorski, director of the city's historic preservation office, said the team discovered during bleacher renovations that portions of the brick wall may need to be replaced in the future. The goal for now is to keep the wall "stable" during the current phase.
Cubs officials said they are prepared for any changes to the ivy and the wall, including protecting any ivy temporarily removed. They also said ivy is being grown in greenhouses as a fallback option.
Wrigley has been an official city landmark since 2004, which means the landmarks commission must review and approve changes to its legally protected features.
Tribune reporter Ameet Sachdev contributed.

3 Bad Assumptions About Networking for Your Job Searchreddit
Many job seekers have told me how much they hate networking for their job search. They don't like meeting strangers, particularly when they (and the strangers) have "an agenda."
They'd rather spend (waste?) time endlessly clicking on the "Apply" button on job boards than venture out into the scary world of "NETWORKING"!
My favorite networking story:
I witnessed three people connect with new jobs based on one conversation. And the conversation happened at the viewing/wake before the funeral of a former colleague. Not your typical networking venue! Just a few people, waiting in line to pay their respects to a deceased former co-worker, and catching up with what they were doing. Bingo! Three job offers! In less than a week!
3 Wrong Assumptions About Networking
1. Networking is hard work.
No. Networking is not "hard work." If it is hard work for you, change your approach and/or your mindset.
Networking should be seeing people you like, often connecting with people from your past as well as your current life. Catch up on the news -- new friends, new interests, new jobs, new opportunities...
Network with people you have something in common with: a current or former employer, a school, a hobby or some other interest, a town or even a neighborhood, a cause, a religion, etc.
Perhaps "socializing" is a more appropriate term for it than "networking." Meet friends for coffee, lunch, a drink, movies, jogging, running, dancing, singing, joining, working, or just talking.
Socialize with the mindset of catching up with old friends. What's happening: What are they doing?
How are they doing? What's new with them? Anything you can help them with -- and vice versa?
2. Networking means large rooms full of strangers.
This assumption is true only if you choose to attend the kind of events that are in large rooms full of strangers.
If you prefer -- and most of us do -- networking can be done one-on-one or in smaller groups, often with people you already know or with a mix of strangers and people you know.
As someone who is basically shy, I prefer the smaller groups with a mix of "new" and "old" people as both more comfortable and more interesting since I can catch up with friends and colleagues as well as meeting new people, too. The networking that can be accomplished in those situations is amazing!
3. Networking is "using" people.
I wish I had a nickel for every job seeker who said this to me, and it is SO wrong!
If you view networking as "using" people, you are networking the wrong way. Networking shouldn't be focused on WIIFM ("What's in it for me!).
To be genuine and effective, networking needs to be focused on being helpful to others, rather than using them. Make that introduction (if appropriate). Share information. Ask for opinions. And ask for help, too.
Yes, hopefully, people will help you but not because you have tricked them or coerced them to do it. That would be "using" them. Resist "keeping score" but do notice if someone is all "take" and no "give." That IS "using" -- using you!
Done correctly, networking is mutual support, and the people who help you are helping you voluntarily, perhaps in response to something you have helped them accomplish. Perhaps they have offered you their support without you even asking for it. Or, maybe you reached out and asked for help.
But, networking isn't -- and it shouldn't feel like -- "using" others.
Your Most Powerful Network.
Your strongest network is those people you already know. Perhaps you worked with them in the past. Or perhaps you grew up with them or met them at an event at your child's school. Maybe you belong/belonged to an organization together.
People who are over 40 or 50 have a big advantage in the job market. That's why unemployment is higher for new grads than for Boomers. "Mature" people have an easier time job hunting now because of the size of their networks, particularly their former co-workers and bosses -- when they pay attention to them. Yes, you should continue to expand your network, but it shouldn't be unpleasant to do.
Follow me on GooglePlus and Twitter (@JobHuntOrg) for more job search tips. Join the Job-Hunt Help LinkedIn Group for more help with your job search. This article was original posted on WorkCoachCafe.com .
Susan P. Joyce is president of NETability, Inc. and the editor and chief technology writer for Job-Hunt.org and WorkCoachCafe.com. A veteran of the United States Marine Corps, Susan is also a Visiting Scholar at the MIT Sloan School of Management. In addition to HuffingtonPost.com, Susan also contributes to AOL Jobs, LinkedIn, YouTern.com, NextAvenue.org, and BrazenCareerist.
Follow Susan P. Joyce on Twitter: www.twitter.com/jobhuntorg
More:
Careers Job Search Tips Careers Networking Solid Networking
This Blogger's Books and Other Items from...

The Changes We Wish We Could Make: How To Inspire Personal Behavior Change For A Healthy And Sustainable Futurereddit
Why are simple choices so hard to make, even when they might benefit us? Like going for a run or eating healthier food options? It should be so much easier to make those simple choices that benefit us -- but we don't. And those choices we don't make have a much wider impact than just benefiting our own personal health and well-being.
Around the world, health care systems are struggling to deliver affordable, quality care amid increasing demands from growing and aging populations and the rise of chronic disease. Those personal choices we make as individuals, if not healthy, can increase the collective burden on the health care system. Governments and health care companies are only part of the solution in creating a sustainable and healthier future in a global health care system where 80 percent of cardiovascular diseases and 40 percent of cancers are preventable; personal decisions and responsibility also play a large role. Therefore the path forward seems simple: educate and inspire people to change their personal behaviors in order to promote a healthier lifestyle.
Yet indicators show that although people know better and generally aspire to be healthy, we still have trouble changing unhealthy behaviors. What can we do, as business and community leaders, to make individual behavior change easier? This was the question we posed to leading experts representing businesses, NGOs, start-ups and government earlier this year at the annual Social Innovation Summit (SIS) at the United Nations. With counsel ranging from institutional level to personal decision-making, some of their insights might surprise you; it did for us:
- Start with awareness. "Google powers people to get the information and access to what they want, when they want... like the calorie count of a banana," said Scott Schwaitzberg of Google.org. "If you can remove barriers to information, presumably, some people will take advantage of it." In recent years, many restaurants have added nutritional information to their menus, and anecdotal evidence suggests this does make a difference in purchasing behavior. However, studies--such as those published in the International Journal of Behavioral Nutrition and Physical Activity and the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation --have shown there is not always a significant change in what people actually buy, so we can infer that awareness is only the first part of the equation.
Make the healthy choice the default choice. Natalia Agapitova of the World Bank noted that in developed countries, many situations that enable health -- consuming vitamin-enriched food or following mandatory vaccination schedules for children -- are incentivized by or enforced through government regulations. Studies have shown that people are inclined to choose the default option. Thus, the one that bolsters health should be the obvious and default choice, not an alternative.
Don't always give people what they say they want. Paul Bakus of Nestle explained, "People say they want healthier things, but when you label something 'low sodium,' then they automatically think it's going to taste bad, so they don't buy it. As a company, we make the decision to do it anyway, because it's better for people." In creating the infrastructure to help people live healthier, we need to be aware that sometimes what consumers say they want and what they actually choose can conflict and make our decisions accordingly.
Focus on both incentivizing and enduring. "Sometimes an atypical approach can have the best results, like harnessing the power and appeal of technology to boost physical activity and sustain it over time," said Richard Tate of HopeLab . The trick isn't getting people to do something -- it's getting them to continue doing it. An incentive, like the fun associated with gaming , can jump-start a behavior and maintain it over time.
Build better infrastructure for health. "Before you can have meaningful behavior change, you need to remove the structural barriers that are in place, or add structure in place that actually enables people to make that change," said Aria Finger of DoSomething.org. For the 23.5 million people in the U.S. who live with food scarcity or in food deserts, healthier eating simply is not an option -- even when desired. The right infrastructure provides access, and structural change will drive personal behavior change.
Inspiring and maintaining personal behavior change is not easy, but ensuring a sustainable health care system for future generations is worth it. Behavior change is neither simple nor linear; it will require greater awareness, commitment, innovation and collaboration. From making positive behaviors fun through games, leveraging new technologies, partnering with governments or learning from other companies, we look forward to the challenge.
Are you ready to take up the challenge by making personal behaviour changes that both support your own wellbeing and health and help ensure health care for the future? Or if you have already -- how can we motivate broader societal change to collectively create a more sustainable and healthier future?
Follow Dr. Karen Manson on Twitter: www.twitter.com/kmanson19
More:

Revealed: What Infosys plans to to focus on nowTerms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

Sensex ends below 28 500; IT shares dragSensex ends below 28,500; IT shares drag
Jinsy Mathew | Mumbai Dec 05, 2014 04:03 PM IST
Benchmark indices ended lower on Friday amid profit taking in late trades with IT shares declining the most  ahead of the release of US jobs data later today.
The Sensex ended down 105 points at 28,458 and the Nifty ended down 26 points to close at 8,538.
The broader markets were no different. In the last leg of trade, the mid and smallcap surrendered almost all its gains and closed on a flat note. The smallcap index was almost unchanged and the midcap index was down 0.3%.
Defensive pockets like IT, Teck and Health Care indices were top losers, down upto 2%.
Power, Oil & Gas and Capital indices were the other sectoral losers, down 0.4-0.6%. Auto and Bankex ended flat with a negative bias.
Shares of IT majors have lost up to 2% on the BSE on caution ahead of the key US jobs report which is scheduled to be released later during the day. TCS, Infosys and Wipro  lost between 1.5-2%.
Pharma shares were the other prominent losers. Dr Reddys Lab, Sun Pharma lost over 2% along with Cipla which shed 1.7%.
Auto stocks were mixed. M&M and Bajaj Auto gained 2% and 0.1% while Maruti, Tata Motors and Hero MotoCorp were down upto1.3%.
ITC extended gains up 2.3% and was the top Sensex gainer after media reports suggested that the government was reconsidering a proposal to ban sale of loose cigarettes. However, HUL was down 0.5%.
Barring HDFC twins which was up 0.2% each, all the other banking names closed in red.
Metal names like Hindalco, Tata Steel were down 1.5% and 0.3% respectively while Sesa Sterlite added another 2% in today's trade.
Kicking off its disinvestment drive on a positive note, the government's share sale offer in steel major SAIL got over-subscribed today by nearly 1.5 times with almost an hour still left for bidding, ensuring at least Rs 1,500 crore to the exchequer. The stock ended down 3%.
The offer for over 20 crore shares of SAIL received robust response from retail investors, to whom the government offered 5% price discount and reserved 10% or over 2 crore shares.
In individual stocks, Amal was locked in lower circuit of 20% at Rs 31.35, falling 28% from intra-day high on BSE, after the boards of Amal and Atul approved a merger with a swap ratio of one shares of Atul for every 50 shares of the Amal.
Selan Exploration Technology gained nearly 5% at Rs 398 after the Reserve Bank of India in a notification on Thursday withdrew the restrictions placed on the purchase of shares by by Non-Resident Indians (NRI)/Persons of Indian Origin (PIOs) under the Portfolio Investment Scheme with immediate effect.
Global Markets
European markes started on a strong note on ECB President Mario Draghi's comment that the central bank's commitment to supporting the euro zone economy. CAC, DAX and FTSE were up 0.7-1.4%.
Asian shares drifted while the dollar marked time on Friday ahead of the key U.S. jobs report later in the session that could help it retake ground lost to the euro overnight.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was down 0.1%, on track for a weekly loss of 0.8%. Japan's Nikkei stock average slipped 0.2%, but was on track for a weekly gain of more than 2%.

Govt needs to invest $4 bn per year to develop infra for biotech industry: expertsGovt needs to invest $4 bn per year to develop infra for biotech industry: experts
BS Reporter | Ahmedabad Dec 05, 2014 08:57 PM IST
 
With an eye on touching $100 billion in revenues by 2025, the biotechnology sector in the country would need at least $3-4 billion of investment every year for the next five years, feel industry experts here.
In 2012, the Association of Biotechnology Led Enterprises (ABLE) had laid out a goal for the growing biotechnology sector in the country to touch $ 100 billion by 2025, as the industry had generated a compounded annual growth rate of around 20 per cent for nearly a decade. “ABLE had reasoned that if the government took steps to improve the business environment and worked with industry and academia to make an unified effort to capitalise on the nation’s strengths in biotechnology, the industry could accelerate its average growth rate to about 30 per cent, and reach $100 billion by 2025,” said Anil Chauhan, director, ABLE.
The average growth rate at the moment is around 17-18 per cent, he added. “The government needs to invest in creating infrastructure especially for start-ups in this sector, like common research facilities, apart from creating an enabling regulatory environment,” Chauhan claimed.
The Biotechnology Industry Organization (BIO) and ABLE has come up with a white paper, “Accelerating Growth: Forging India’s Bioeconomy,” which aims at analysing the industry in India and make policy recommendations etc. It notes, “Though the industry is concentrated in Bangalore and Hyderabad,it extends across the country and includes more than 350 companiesworking not only in the area of vaccines and biopharmaceuticals, but also agricultural biotechnology, industrial biotechnology, bioservices, and bioinformatics.” The overall biotechnology sector in the country is around $ 4.5 billion at the moment, of which around 60 per cent is the share of pharma companies.
K Vijayaraghavan, chairman, Sathguru Management Consultants, which works in the area of biotechnology, said that “One of the most promising areas here is the field of vaccines based on biologics. At least 15 vaccine candidates are being developed at the moment in India and each has a potential of being a $ 1 billion product.”
What’s more these vaccines are much more affordable compared to the conventional vaccines. Let’s take for example the pneumonia vaccine, as Vijayaraghavan claims, “Compared to an average Rs 4,000 per shot, the biotech-based vaccine can come for almost one-hundredth of the price.”
Gujarat is an emerging cluster for the biotech sector. A biotech park is coming up at Savli near Vadodara. Experts feel similar initiatives are needed ewhere as well.

FM s "no ban on commodity futures" brings relief to commexesFM's 'no ban on commodity futures' brings relief to commexes
Dilip Kumar Jha | Mumbai Dec 06, 2014 12:17 AM IST
Commodity exchanges expressed relief at Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley saying no ban was being considered on forward and futures trading in any commodity.
There had been rumours for a couple of days to the contrary. The government had banned such trades in sugar and wheat in 2007, restoring these in 2009. A ban levied in 2007 on certain varieties of pulses continues till now.
“Stakeholders got scared of rumours spread by vested interests, as futures trading in certain commodities were banned in the past. The FM’s statement offers relief to not the comexes but to all stakeholders in futures trading,” said Anil Mishra, managing director (MD) of the National Multi Commodity Exchange. Adding: "Nobody would make a huge investment in infrastructure if they are unsure that the commodity futures market is here to stay. This assertion from the FM would give a needed stability and boost to the market.”
Last year, total turnover of comexes was around Rs 100 lakh crore, of which farm products were 15 per cent. Including dabba trading (transactions outside the exchange, with benchmark price reference from the latter), the total volume of forward and futures contracts could be three to four times more.
P K Singhal, joint MD, Multi Commodity Exchange, said: “This would boost the confidence of commodity market participants. We hope the government continues with its market-friendly policy stance and implements other long-pending policy reforms that the commodity market is urgently in need of, such as the amendment of the Forward Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1952, and either removal of the commodities transaction tax or its reduction.”
The purpose of comexes is to provide a centralised marketplace where commodity producers can sell their produce to buyers, for manufacturing or consumption. Comex auctions are meant to guarantee transparent competition, with exchanges to ensure a buyer for every seller.
“The statement came as a confidence booster, which reinforces that we are on the right track. This reinforces us to continue developing the commodities futures market,” said Samir Shah, the MD of National Commodities & Derivatives Exchange.
Madan Sabnavis, chief economist with CARE Ratings, says futures trading is required for hedging and investment.
“The former is important as a large part of our gross domestic product — 14 per cent of agriculture and 30 per cent of industry (including construction) are commodity-based. While the Reserve Bank has been exhorting companies, to hedge their forex risk, they are not doing so for commodities; these prices can change significantly. As far as investment is concerned, commodities are a very good option, with debt and equity,” he said.

SpiceJet s wings clipped: Aviation regulator DGCA withdraws 186 slotsRegulator puts SpiceJet on notice, no advance bookings beyond one month
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 05, 2014
First Published: 20:17 IST(5/12/2014) | Last Updated: 13:19 IST(6/12/2014)
Comments
Travel plans of thousands of people could get upset with aviation regulator DGCA cracking the whip on media baron Kalanithi Maran-controlled SpiceJet on Friday cancelling the 186 “slots” and barring the carrier from offering bookings for more than a month’s advance.
SpiceJet is staring at a financial collapse after its efforts to find an investor failed. It needs an immediate infusion of about Rs. 2,000 crore to survive.
This means, for instance, if a person wants to book a ticket on Saturday (December 6, 2014), SpiceJet can offer a seat only for travel by January 5, 2014. Besides, the cancellation of slots also means that the airline will be able to offer far fewer seats even for future travel.
In aviation parlance a slot broadly represents a time schedule that is given to each airline at airports according to a plan that the carrier submits to the regulator.
For instance, SpiceJet would have probably been flying five daily flights from Delhi to Mumbai. In the recent past, however, the airline may have cancelled a many of these flights.
The problem arose when airline began informing passengers only a day or two before the travel date about the cancellations. While some passengers were being accommodated in flights of later days, some flights were outright cancelled, leaving people to buy sky-high spot fares.
Also, flyers say their flight timings were changed repeatedly, leaving them in a spot.
The DGCA said since the airline had not been utilising 186 of these scheduled slots (93 takeoffs and departures each), these should stand cancelled.
Further, the regulator directed the airline refund the booking amount to the customers of cancelled flights within 30 days.
The airline recently reported a Rs.310 crore loss in the quarter ended September from Rs.560 crore loss in the corresponding period of last fiscal.
Spicejet has been losing money for the last five consecutive quarters and had itself decided to pare its operations--cutting its daily flights to 232 flights in October, instead of 339 in September.
The airline’s is now operating a fleet of 22 Boeing 737s, down from down from 37 B737s  earlier.
“ As a natural consequence of the fleet reduction of 15 Boeings, unused slots are given back to the airports.  This is routine process and a natural outcome of our revised fleet plan, and there is nothing unusual about the slots being cancelled, “ it said.
With over 125 pilots quitting the airline in the recent past with the carrier unable to pay its lessors, the aviation regulator asked SpiceJet to ensure that the Flight Duty Time Limitation (FDTL), a rule which governs maximum duty time for the cockpit crew, was not violated even if the airline was facing a pilots' crunch.
DGCA chief Prabhat Kumar asked the airline to file a "convincing schedule" by December 15 to clear its over Rs. 1,500 crore dues to various vendors including airports and oil companies.
The regulator further asked the airline to disburse salaries to its employees in future by the 7th of every month.
The regulator would now also carry out "heightened" surveillance of all SpiceJet flights on landing to ensure that safety is not compromised due to its financial troubles.

Next stop Mars: Nasa launches new Orion spacecraft  marks new eraprint
The Mobile Service Tower rolls back from the Delta IV Heavy with the Orion spacecraft on launch pad 37B at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Cape Canaveral, Florida
Nasa's new Orion spacecraft streaked toward orbit Friday on a high-stakes test flight meant to usher in a new era of human exploration leading ultimately to Mars.
The unmanned orbital journey began with a sunrise liftoff witnessed by thousands of Nasa guests eager to watch what the agency called "history in the making."
"The star of the day is Orion," said Nasa Administrator Charles Bolden Jr., back for the second morning in a row. He called it "Day One of the Mars era."
Orion's debut will be brief - just 4½ hours from launch to splashdown, with two orbits of Earth. But for the first time in 42 years, Nasa is sending a spacecraft built for humans farther than a couple hundred miles from Earth. The previous time was the Apollo 17 moon shot.
And it's Nasa's first new vehicle for space travel since the shuttle.
Friday's flight test brings Nasa "one step closer" to putting humans aboard Orion, Bolden said just before liftoff.
Sluggish rocket valves and wind halted Thursday's launch attempt. Everything went Nasa's way Friday, and the Delta IV rocket blasted off with Orion as dawn broke.
Nasa was aiming for a peak altitude of 3,600 miles (5,800 kilometers)on Orion's second lap around the planet, in order to give the capsule the necessary momentum for a scorchingly high-speed re-entry over the Pacific. Engineers want to see how the heat shield - the largest of its kind ever built - holds up when Orion comes back through the atmosphere traveling 20,000 mph (32,200 kph)and enduring 4,000 degrees (2,200 Celsius).
The atmosphere at Kennedy Space Center was reminiscent of the shuttle-flying days. After more than three years since the last shuttle flight, Nasa reveled in all the attention.
Roads appeared to be less jammed before dawn for try two, and Nasa was uncertain how many of the estimated 27,000 invited guests returned. Nonetheless, the press site remained jammed, the hotels packed and the excitement level high. "It's a big day for the world, for people who know and like space," Bolden said, observing the crowds.
In Houston, Nasa's Mission Control took over the entire operation once Orion was aloft. The flight program was loaded into Orion's computers well in advance, allowing the spacecraft to fly essentially on autopilot. Flight controllers - all shuttle veterans - could intervene in the event of an emergency breakdown.
And in the Pacific off the Mexican Baja coast, Navy ships waited for Orion's return.
The Delta IV Heavy rocket with the Orion spacecraft lifts off from the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Cape Canaveral, Florida. (Reuters/Steve Nesius)
The spacecraft is rigged with 1,200 sensors to gauge everything from heat to vibration to radiation. At 11 feet (3.4 meters) tall with a 16.5-foot (5-meter) base, Orion is bigger than the old-time Apollo capsules and, obviously, more advanced.
Nasa deliberately kept astronauts off this first Orion.
Managers want to test the riskiest parts of the spacecraft - the heat shield, parachutes, various jettisoning components - before committing to a crew. In addition, on-board computers were going to endure the high-radiation Van Allen belts; engineers wondered whether they might falter.
Lockheed Martin Corp. already has begun work on a second Orion, and plans to eventually build a fleet of the capsules. The earliest that astronauts might fly on an Orion is 2021. An asteroid redirected to lunar orbit is intended for the first stop in the 2020s, followed by Mars in the 2030s.
The company handled the $370 million test flight for Nasa from the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, opting for the Delta IV rocket this time given its heft. It's the most powerful unmanned rocket in the US right now. The entire rocket and capsule, topped by a launch abort tower, stretched 242 feet and weighed 1.6 million pounds - an "incredible monster," according to Bolden.
To push Orion farther out on future flights, Nasa is developing a megarocket known as Space Launch System or SLS. The first Orion-SLS combo will fly around 2018, again without a crew to shake out the rocket.
Nasa's last trip beyond low-Earth orbit in a vessel built for people was the three-man Apollo 17 in December 1972. Orion will be capable of carrying four astronauts on long hauls and as many as six on three-week hikes.
Dozens of astronauts, present and past, gathered at Kennedy for the historic send-off. One of them - Bolden - now leads Nasa.
He called Mars "the ultimate destination of this generation," but said his three young granddaughters think otherwise, telling him, "Don't get hung up on Mars because there are other places to go once we get there."

J-K under attack: Militants strike ahead of Modi s visit  11 security men among 20 killedTwenty-one people, including 11 security men, were killed in a string of militant strikes in Kashmir Friday, days ahead of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visit to campaign for the assembly elections.
 
In the deadliest attack, heavily-armed militants stormed an army camp in the border town of Uri, killing three policemen and eight army men, including a lieutenant colonel, before the third phase of state elections Tuesday (December 9).
 
Six militants were also killed in the gun battle that began after the insurgents cut through a wire fence around the heavily-fortified artillery camp and fired rocket-propelled grenades at the security forces in their bunkers. The gunfight lasted close to six hours.
Army soldiers search for suspected militants as smoke rises from a bunker after a gunbattle in Mohra in Uri. (Reuters Photo)
In the other attacks -- all within 12 hours of the Uri strike -- two Lashkar-e-Taiba militants were killed in an encounter in Soura as they tried to sneak into Srinagar while gunmen hurled a grenade at a bus stop in Tral in south Kashmir, killing two civilians and injuring five. Militants also fired at a police search party in Shopian near Srinagar, but there were no casualties.
 
Modi condemned the attacks and said they were "desperate attempts to derail the atmosphere of hope" in the wake of a high voter turnout in the first two phases of polling.
"125 crore Indians bow to our brave Army men who sacrificed their lives. These men lived & died for the nation. We won't forget them," he tweeted.
Chief minister Omar Abdullah wrote on the micro-blogging site, "... (the attack) shows the desperate levels militants will go to disrupt peace and normalcy."
 
Defence minister Manohar Parrikar said it was possible the attack “happened because of elections”.
 
Police said the Lashkar-e-Taiba's Soura attack was aimed at disrupting Modi's upcoming visit and plans by BJP ministers to campaign in the city.
"We are looking at this attack in the context of the upcoming visit of the Prime Minister. As of now, all we can reveal is that they (the militants) were out to create terror in Srinagar," AG Mir, inspector general of police, Kashmir range, told Hindustan Times.
 
The Prime Minister's Monday poll rally venue at the Sher-i-Kashmir Stadium is less than 10 km away from the Soura encounter site where top Lashkar commander Qari Israr was killed in a three-hour gunfight.
 
Authorities have beefed up security around the venue with reports of more militants active in the Valley, who may have sneaked into the city too, said sources.
 
The attacks came close on the heels of outlawed Jamaat-ud-Dawah chief Hafiz Saeed, the mastermind behind the 2008 Mumbai terror attacks, saying the Kashmir election was no substitute for a plebiscite, which India promised more than six decades ago.
 
"Pakistanis and Kashmiris are blood brothers and they cannot be separated," Saeed, who roams around freely in Pakistan, told supporters in Pakistan. "The elections in Kashmir cannot be a substitute of plebiscite."
 
He told thousands of people Friday his organisation would continue to help the Kashmiris.  "No one can stop us in our just struggle," Saeed said at a Jamaat-ud-Dawah convention in Lahore.
 
The violence comes as the BJP makes its most serious bid yet to win power in the state, banking on votes in the Hindu-majority Jammu region, and Buddhist Ladakh. It is also capitalising on the rise of independents and splits elsewhere in Muslim-majority Kashmir.
 
The Peoples Democratic Party is expected to emerge as the single largest party in the state where anger against the ruling National Conference is running high.
 
Turnout has been high so far in with over 70% of the electorate defying a poll boycott call by separatists to vote in the first two phases of the election in a bid to stop the BJP from making inroads in the Valley.
Rajnath slams Pakistan
Accusing Pakistan of giving shelter to terrorists, Union home minister Rajnath Singh said militants wanted to trigger fear psychosis among people in Jammu and Kashmir and they were frustrated by the high voter turnout.
    
Targeting Pakistan, he said, "Militants are entering this country from Pakistan and resorting to death and destruction here."
 
"Is it not true that these terrorists get shelter on Pakistan's soil? ... but they (the neighbour country) keeps denying the fact."
At the recently held Hindustan Times Leadership Summit, the home minister had said terrorism in India was "completely Pakistan-sponsored".
     
"If Pakistan is facing problems in stopping this (terrorism), then they should talk to India. We are willing to help them," Singh said on Friday, talking to reporters at Pargwal border belt of Jammu district and in Rajouri during the course of addressing poll rallies.
(with agency inputs)

Mass resignations follow New Republic shake-upBy Emily Heil December 5 Follow @emilyaheil
Guy Vidra, CEO of The New Republic, speaks in Washington, DC. (Photo by Teresa Kroeger/Getty Images)
The shakeup at the top of the masthead at The New Republic is reverberating all through the once-high-flying magazine’s staff as more than a dozen senior editors and a longer list of contributing editors quit on Friday following the resignation of editor Franklin Foer and literary editor Leon Wieseltier.
Contributing editor Ryan Lizza, a writer for the New Yorker, tweeted a list of the staffers who followed Foer and Wieseltier to the door.
BREAKING: Mass resignations just submitted at @TNR Full list… pic.twitter.com/SdM0VPQ8Et
— Ryan Lizza (@RyanLizza) December 5, 2014
The massive upheaval was touched off by the decision of TNR’s owner, Facebook co-founder Chris Hughes, and his new CEO, former Yahoo News executive Guy Vidra, to change the mission of the company from a magazine-focused institution to a digital media company with an expanded Manhattan office. 
Staffers met at Frank Foer’s house in D.C. last night for what they called a “wake” for the magazine. At the meeting, people said they would support Foer by tendering their resignations.
By Friday afternoon, the list of staffers and contributing editors tendering their resignations grew, with more than 20 contributing editors severing ties with the magazine.
Washington Post columnist Charles Lane was the top editor at The New Republic in 1998 and 1999. He explains the recent shake-up at the publication and the resulting mass resignations. (The Washington Post)
In a statement e-mailed to reporters, Hughes said he was “saddened” by the resignations and wished the departing staffers well. “This is a time of transition, but I am excited to work with our team – both new and old alike – as we pave a new way forward,” it read. “The singular importance of The New Republic as an institution can and will be preserved, because it’s bigger than any one of us.”
Former senior editor Julia Ioffe addressed the debacle in a Facebook posting: “The narrative you’re going to see Chris and Guy put out there is that I and the rest of my colleagues who quit today were dinosaurs, who think that the Internet is scary and that Buzzfeed is a slur. Don’t believe them,” she wrote. “We’re not afraid of change. We have always embraced it.”
 

India  Russia looking to sign 15-20 pacts during Vladimir Putin s visitPutin will hold detailed talks with Modi both in restricted and delegation level formats. He will also call on President Pranab Mukherjee who will hold a banquet for him.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Russian President Vladimir Putin will arrive here for the annual Summit with Prime Minister Narendra Modi on December 11 during which they will spell out their vision for cooperation in key areas including defence and nuclear as two sides are looking at inking 15-20 pacts during the nearly 20-hour-long visit.
The visit is expected to impart new dynamism to "special and privileged" Indo-Russia ties and the two sides will be taking stock of the current state of relations apart from discussing ways to significantly enhance bilateral trade from the current $10 billion during the 15th Summit meeting.
Putin will hold detailed talks with Modi both in restricted and delegation level formats. He will also call on President Pranab Mukherjee who will hold a banquet for him.
Sources said specific discussions are likely to take place on various key projects including the envisaged gas pipeline linking Russia with India and the ambitious Fifth Generation Fighter Aircraft (FGFA) programme.
Further cooperation in the nuclear energy area is also likely to figure prominently during the talks.
"President Putin's visit is a landmark event and is expected to provide fresh impetus to the existing bilateral relations between the two countries. The dominant theme of this summit will be the spelling out by the two leaders a joint vision of our relationship for the next decade," Ajay Bisaria, Joint Secretary (EURASIA) said.
He said the vision document will provide a road map to enhance partnership between two countries to a "qualitatively new level" in key areas of nuclear energy, hydrocarbons, trade and defence.
Putin, who will be accompanied by a high-level delegation of officials and corporate leaders from Russia, and Modi are expected to jointly interact with CEOs of major companies from both the countries as well.
It will be the first annual summit meeting between Putin and Modi. The two leaders have met twice during the year. They met on the sidelines of the BRIC summit in Brazil in July during which Modi had mentioned to him that every child in India knows that Russia was India's "closest friend"
They met for the second time during the G-20 summit in Australia last month.

Why angry Australian gamers want to ban the BibleBy Ishaan Tharoor December 5 Follow @ishaantharoor
Copies of "Grand Theft Auto 5" for sale at an electronics store in the central business district of Sydney on Sept. 17. (Saeed Khan/AFP/Getty Images)
This week, the Australian franchises of Kmart and Target opted not to stock the video game "Grand Theft Auto V," which came out last year but was re-released for newer consoles in November. The move followed an online petition campaign with tens of thousands of signatures, saying the game "encourages players to murder women for entertainment." Critics of the game have long complained about its longstanding depiction of women as scantily clad strippers and prostitutes.
"We've been speaking to many customers over recent days about the game and there is a significant level of concern about the game's content," a Target spokesman in Australia said . "We feel the decision to stop selling GTA 5 is in line with the majority view of our customers."
But Australian fans of the Grand Theft Auto games — a blockbuster series that allows gamers to play out all sorts of gangster fantasies — are fighting back. A new petition in response to the recent ban calls on Target to remove another incendiary item from its shelves, one which also "encourages" the murder of women for entertainment. What is it? Read an excerpt of the petition to find out:
This is The Holy Bible. This book means that after various sex acts, readers are given options to kill women by stoning her unconscious, setting them on fire, cutting off their hands, and killing their children! 
One of many fan passages on In The Holy Bible depicts woman being set alight for having sex"And the daughter of any priest, if she profane herself by playing the whore, she profaneth her father: she shall be burnt with fire." (Leviticus 21:9).
This misogynistic book literally makes a game of bashing, killing and horrific violence against women. It also links sexual arousal and violence.
Just knowing that women are being portrayed as deserving to be sexually used by men and potentially murdered for sport and pleasure – to see this violence turned into a form of entertainments is sickening and causes us great pain and harm.
The satirical petition  has garnered more than 23,000 signatures. Whatever the case, it's unlikely that the bans on selling the game will deeply impact sales. Since its original release in September 2013, "GTA 5" has grossed nearly $2 billion.
Ishaan Tharoor writes about foreign affairs for The Washington Post. He previously was a senior editor at TIME, based first in Hong Kong and later in New York.

Cartoonscape - December 5  2014Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.

Graupel: The wintry precipitation youve never heard ofComments
By Don Lipman December 5
A layer of graupel on top of snow. Graupel is also sometimes referred to as “snow pellets.” (NOAA)
When you think of wintry precipitation, you probably think of snow first. Then sleet, and maybe freezing rain. But it’s likely that the word “graupel” doesn’t come to mind.
Graupel, which is a kind of hybrid frozen precipitation, is sometimes referred to as “snow pellets.” The National Weather Service defines graupel as small pellets of ice created when super-cooled water droplets coat, or rime, a snowflake.
A capped snowflake under a microscope, which shows rime on both ends. (U.S. Department of Agriculture)
Graupel pellets are cloudy or white – not clear like sleet – and often are mistaken for small hail. The most critical necessity for the formation of graupel is extremely cold air at the cloud level. This creates the super-cooled water (liquid water that exists below the freezing point), which adheres to the snowflakes.
Such must have been the case on a chilly Friday morning, Nov. 28, when I went to play tennis at some local outdoor courts. Though I noticed some unexpected flurries as I left home, I didn’t think they would interfere with our tennis game, especially since weather radar was showing just an isolated patch of precipitation over lower Montgomery County that I thought would move off.
A chart and explanation of wintry precipitation types (plus hail). (NWS Pittsburgh)
Well, the flurries did move off, but it took about an hour and a half to do so. During that time we were able to play an energetic game in the snow, which came down lightly for the most part, with occasional moderate bursts.
Interestingly, the courts barely became damp, and certainly not what I would call wet. A similar period of light rain would have rendered the courts unplayable. I attributed this to the very low moisture content of the snow, even though temperatures were right around the freezing point.
Toward the end of the snow showers, a solid period of graupel suddenly began to coat the courts. It only lasted about five minutes, but during that short time the graupel did what an hour and a half of light snow showers couldn’t do: it rendered the courts unplayable, due to its higher moisture content.
Unfortunately, I wasn’t quick enough to capture an image of the graupel. But having seen it before, I did know it was graupel — not sleet — for these reasons: it was opaque and white, not clear, as sleet is; and it crumbled in places upon hitting the pavement, which graupel is known to do.

Industry biggies look at setting up IT parks in GujaratIndustry biggies look at setting up IT parks in Gujarat
BS Reporter | Ahmedabad Dec 05, 2014 08:59 PM IST
Buoyed by the electronics, IT and e-governance policies announced by the Government of Gujarat recently, several industry biggies have evinced interest for setting up IT parks in the state. Around 12-15 informal proposals have been received by the state government for various kinds of projects in the ICT sector.
Confirming the same, a senior state government official said, "After the declaration of the policies, we have received informal proposals for setting up IT parks, hardware and mobile manufacturing units in Gujarat from 12-15 major IT companies. We are hopeful these projects will fructify soon and see IT biggies coming to the state."
Among the three policies, the state government is looking to encourage new units as well as create one million jobs through the IT policy which aims to generate Rs 75000 crore worth turnover by 2020.
Benefits under the IT policy include 100 per cent waiver in the stamp duty and registration fees over purchase/lease or transfer of land for new units, 25 per cent subsidy for lease/rentals for new units coming up in IT parks, 30 per cent subsidy to new units for bandwidth charges with a ceiling of Rs 5 lakh per year for a period of two years, financial assistance upto Rs 2.5 crore to IT parks, and interest subsidy seven per cent for small and five per cent for SMEs.On the other hand, speaking on the sidelines of the 10th ACMA ICT SHOW - 2014, Govind Patel, minister of science and technology, Government of Gujarat said that the policies will propel Gujarat further ahead in the IT sector among other states.
When asked about the offline ICT retailers facing competition from e-commerce players, Patel said, "The Gujarat government will provide all kinds of incentives and support to offline ICT retailers to protect them against the e-commerce competition as and when required."
It needs to be mentioned here that recently Saurabh Patel, minister of finance, Government of Gujarat stated that the state government is studying tax structure as well as the business model of e-commerce portals to find out possible loopholes which might be giving them an edge over retailers in terms of pricing of products.

Bullish US jobs report keeps Fed on track for mid-2015 rate hikeBullish US jobs report keeps Fed on track for mid-2015 rate hike
British Airways cuts India-US flight fares by up to 74%British Airways cuts India-US flight fares by up to 74%
Woman  65  gunned down in Dadri for refusing cigarettes on credit:PoliceWritten by Aniruddha Ghosal | Dadri |
Posted: December 6, 2014 12:46 am
A 65-year-old woman was gunned down on Friday afternoon after she allegedly refused to give a pack of cigarettes on credit to the two assailants. Police said the woman, Misro Devi, was shot twice, but eyewitness claim they pumped six bullets into her.
Though the murder, prima facie, appears to be prompted by Misro Devi’s refusal to give them cigarettes on credit, police said they were investigating other motives as well.
Senior Superintendent of Police Pritender Singh said Misro Devi owned 12 bighas of land. “There are two things in this investigation as of now. One, we are looking at eyewitness accounts and, two, we are looking at the land she owned. It was quite valuable and is located in a prime location in Dadri.”
Police are also investigating the possibility of the murder being motivated by family enmity. “Her husband was a history-sheeter and, 28 years ago, he was similarly gunned down,” a senior police officer said.
Police said Misro Devi ran a shop at Dadri’s Tulsi Vihar area. According to eyewitnesses, a little after 12.30 pm, two men turned up at the shop and asked her for a pack of cigarettes. “She gave it to them and asked for money. But they refused to pay her. She then snatched back the cigarette pack and said she doesn’t give credit. That’s when they got angry and shot her,” Hem Singh, who was standing at a shop nearby at that time, said.
“After shooting her, the two rode off. Her shop was on a lonely stretch and there was a bylane nearby that they took. We found her lying in a pool of blood and took her to a hospital where she was declared dead on arrival,” Hem Singh said.
Police said Misro Devi was originally from Bil Akbarpur village in Dadri and the shop was usually run by her son, Karamvir.
On Friday, she was at the shop as Karmavir had gone to Bulandshahr. She is survived by five sons and three daughters, police said.
Police, quoting eyewitness, said the two assailants had their helmets on and came to the cigarette shop on a Bajaj Pulsar.
“Eyewitnesses said the one driving the bike had a gun and he fired at Misro Devi after she snatched the box of cigarettes,” a senior police officer said. The body has been sent for a post-mortem examination and the ballistics report of the bullets is being prepared.
While eyewitnesses said the gun was fired six times, the post-mortem report says only two bullets entered her body — one in the head and another in her abdomen.

Clarke to take fitness testtodayBy: Press Trust of India | Adelaide |
Posted: December 6, 2014 12:40 am | Updated: December 6, 2014 9:03 am
Michael Clarke’s fitness will be put to test on Saturday even as coach Darren Lehmann hoped the skipper would be ready for the opening Test . “Yeah he’s pretty mentally strong. He was great with the Hughes family and held himself together really well, led the team really well,” Lehmann told reporters.”He flies in this afternoon, get him here tomorrow, get him batting and see how he goes. As long as he’s fine, he can do the running and bat at the level he needs to, we’ll be fine. We want our captain playing. It’s a simple as that,” he said.
Clarke has broken down emotionally after Hughes tragic death and has also been racing against time to recover from a nagging hamstring injury for the opening Test.
“I’m very proud of him but proud of all of them, the way they’ve handled it,” Lehmann said when asked about the way the skipper and the team have dealt with Hughes’ death after being by a bouncer last week. On whether returning to the field would help the players deal with their grief, Lehmann said: “We think so. Only time will tell. We lost a family member from our cricket community and now it’s a case of rallying around his family and the whole cricket family and get on with what we do well and that’s play some cricket,” he said.

Joshi  local BJP unit get church invite inKanpurWritten by Lalmani Verma | Lucknow |
Posted: December 6, 2014 12:39 am
AFTER senior BJP leader and Kanpur MP Murli Manohar Joshi was invited for the inauguration of a madrasa building, he and local party leaders have now received an invitation from a church — The Good Shepherd Church in India — to attend its annual worship concert ‘Chrisfiesta-2014’ on December 8 in Kanpur.
The church authorities will felicitate the BJP leaders, who have been requested to deliver speeches in the presence of more than 200 Christians.
While Joshi would not be able to attend the event, the local BJP unit — led by district president Surendra Maithani — have confirmed their participation. “Along with other leaders of the district unit, I will attend the event because for the first time, the Christian community has invited us for their programme. On the occasion, I will appeal to the community to take membership of the BJP,” Maithani said, adding that Joshi would be out of the city on December 8.
Bishop of The Good Shepherd Church, Pankaj Raj Malik, said: “We have invited local BJP MP Murli Manohar Joshi and other members of local party unit, including district president to Chrisfiesta — thanks giving celebrations — organised every year before Christmas.” The BJP leaders would be felicitated with shawls and mementos, he added.
Asked why BJP leaders have been invited, Malik said: “We like Prime Minister Narendra Modi who talks about the interest of the whole 125-crore population and we are part of it. We are not associated with any party but want to give a platform to the BJP to tell us their expectations from our community and their plans for our welfare.”
One of the organisers of the event said that earlier, local Christians used to support the Congress and Samajwadi Party during elections.
“After Indira Gandhi, Rajiv Gandhi and Atal Bihari Vajpayee, we have found Modi to be the only leader working for the welfare of all sections of the society,” Malik said.
Recently, the BJP had organised a membership camp in the city for Christians. Around 30 Christians have joined the party on the
first day. Earlier, there was only one member of the Christian community in the local BJP unit.

As restriction gets over  Shakib free to play IPL8By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 6, 2014 12:37 am
Bangladesh’s Shakib Al Hasan can now participate in IPL-8 for his side Kolkata Knight Riders after the BCB ended its restriction on the all-rounder to take part in overseas competitions. “He has no barrier to play abroad. We have lifted the embargo on his NOC. It was a unanimous decision on behalf of the BCB’s board of directors.” Bangladesh Cricket Board President Nazmul Hassan was quoted as saying on ESPNCricinfo.
Shakib was banned for six months on July 7 and conveyed that he would not be granted NOCs to play in out-of-country events until December 31, 2015. He was punished for “serious misbehaviour” with the Bangladesh coach Chandika Hathurusingha and an altercation with a spectator during an ODI against India in Mirpur.
The BCB later reduced his ban by three-and-a-half months on August 26, letting him play for Bangladesh from September 15. But a possibly a change of heart on Tuesday prompted Hassan to lift the restriction within a couple of days following which Shakib will be available to play in the Big
Bash League starting December 18.
Hassan said Shakib’s improvement in behaviour had led to the decision and the players’ leadership qualities also hastened the act. “We are not against our players,” Hassan said.
“However, there are times when situations demand strict measures. The ban and NOC embargo on Shakib was a message to everyone that we will not compromise with discipline.
I am glad that the player took the sanctions in the right spirit and showed his character by coming back strongly. I believe the outcome in the context of the Bangladesh team has also been positive and we have definitely seen greater teamwork and camaraderie during the series against Zimbabwe.”

Mission 2017: Cabinet reshuffle on cards  old to make way foryoungWritten by Mohd Faisal Fareed | Lucknow |
Posted: December 6, 2014 12:35 am | Updated: December 6, 2014 12:14 pm
With an eye on the 2017 Assembly elections, Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav is set to reshuffle his cabinet by dropping several old faces and making room for youth leaders.
“The changes will be made for the Assembly elections. Youths have shouldered responsibilities in earlier polls and the party will adjust them for the next Assembly polls. The party leadership has agreed to it and the decision will be soon taken by the chief minister,” a senior state cabinet member said.
Sources in party claimed that change is inevitable both in the party and the government and work in this regard will begin immediately after the Samajwadi Janata Dal — headed by Samajwadi Party president Mulayam Singh Yadav — is in place.
On November 23, Mulayam — during a function in the presence of Akhilesh — had taken ministers to task. Though this was not the first time, Mulayam had taken names of several ministers over non-performance.
Mulayam had categorically mentioned Prison Minister Balram Yadav for not being able to manage even his village in Azamgarh. PWD Minister Shivpal Yadav had reached Azamgarh during Lok Sabha polls and was flooded with complaints against Balram Yadav and his son MLA Sangram Yadav. To settle the resentment in Azamgarh, the father-son duo may be sidelined.
Another minister in the line is Handicapped Welfare Minister Ambika Choudhary, who had earlier lost his important portfolio of Revenue. Ambika was again at receiving end when Mulayam openly stated that he was obstructing the construction of Azam Khan’s dream project Jauhar University in Rampur. Ambika, hailing from Ballia, too has a volley of complaints from the district and has earned the ire of the CM. Science and Technology Minister Manoj Pandey from Rae Bareli too has failed to bring Brahmins in SP fold. He is heading SP’s intellectual cell — rechristened form of Brahmin Sabha — which could not deliver in Lok Sabha polls.
Raja Mahendra Aridaman Singh of Agra too is on the radar, as SP has failed to show any prospects in his district. With Agra on the CM’s priority list, Raja may too lose fortune. Shivakant Ojha, another Brahmin minister (Technical Education) from Pratapgarh, is also under scanner, with the party slipping in its hold of backward castes in the region due to Ojha’s rise after he joined SP quitting BJP.
Akhilesh currently has 55 ministers in his cabinet. The party is zeroing in on youths, keeping in mind caste equations and also their utility for the 2017 elections. Some are also in line for getting elected as MLCs — elections for which are due next month.

Lessons learnt in hit and missgameWritten by Bharat Sundaresan | Adelaide |
Posted: December 6, 2014 12:34 am | Updated: December 6, 2014 9:26 am
If the Indian team had snuck out of their alluringly quaint Glenelg outpost on Friday afternoon and ventured into the city for a little peek into their opposition camp, they might have witnessed a brief trailer of what is to come.
Four strapping Australian pacers were running in at full steam and giving their own teammates a good old roughing up, not to forget Greg Blewett’s baseball mitt, which collected most of those left alone. That is not to say the visitors weren’t getting a first-hand taste of it from the next generation of fast bowlers from Down Under in their practice match. They were copping it.
At 11.23 am, Murali Vijay, fluent and languid till then with both his poise and strokeplay, received a thundering blow to the side of his head, just over the ear by a quick bouncer from right-armer Evan Gulbis. The clung of leather on metal stunned everyone present at the Glenelg Oval for a moment.
But Vijay shook it off, turning down calls for attention and carried on. The next delivery from Sam Rainbird rushed Virat Kohli into a hurried sway, as the ball flew past his face into the wicket-keeper’s gloves. Two balls later, came a similar effort from the left-arm pacer. This time Kohli was ready for it, and pulled it away with disdain. Not with the same disdain that Ajinkya Rahane pulled one from Gulbis once Kohli retired out after crossing his half-century.
Though he was tended to at the drinks break, Vijay continued in sublime fashion, stroking fours on either side of the wicket, producing his trademark drives on the off-side, and flicks and tucks through the on-side. When he walked out for a well-made 60, Rohit Sharma walked in.
With Cricket Australia XI opting to welcome the two Mumbai stalwarts with off-spin, Rohit and Rahane picked up the scoring with the former smashing a couple of soaring sixes. And by the end of the day, the Indians had gotten everything they wanted from the practice match.
Three of their batsmen had scored half-centuries, Rohit had fallen two short and then their bowlers had returned to take five home team wickets to end the game on a high, Ishant Sharma snaring two of them. Not to forget the entire lot got well-versed with the short ball.
Brief scores: CA XI 243 & 83/5 (J Silk 41; I Sharma 2/8). Indians 375 in 90 overs (M Vijay 60 r.o, V Kohli 66 r.o, , A Rahane 56 r.o, W Saha 51, R Sharma 48; J Lalor 4/59).

Prescription to shed weight: Shift from pills tovegetablesBy: New York Times |
Posted: December 6, 2014 12:34 am
Alaijah Borden was 10 years old and significantly overweight when Dr Sundari Periasamy, a paediatrician at Harlem Hospital Center in New York, enrolled the middle-schooler in an innovative programme to increase her consumption of fruits and vegetables — and, hopefully, to reduce her weight.
After two years in the programme, Alaijah is an unqualified success story: She lost five pounds the first year by snacking on fruits and vegetables, then eight pounds more the second year, when she cut down on greasy foods.
Her mother, Sheryl Brown, 33, said Alaijah used to sabotage home-cooked family dinners by buying junk food — cookies, cakes and other snacks — on her way to and from school. Now Alaijah carries fruit or cut-up vegetables to school. She likes raw carrots, celery and broccoli.
“It’s really an awesome programme that’s made it more affordable for me to get fruits and vegetables,” Ms Brown said. “I told my daughter it’s better to be told you’re overweight and here’s the solution than to just be told you’re overweight and sent home.”
Mom, too, has benefited. Though not overweight, Sheryl loves to snack and had developed high blood pressure. She brought it under control without medication when, like her daughter, she switched her snacks to fruits and vegetables.
The Browns are among 50 low-income families with overweight or obese children enrolled in the Fruit and Vegetable Prescription Programme, or FVRx, at Harlem Hospital Center. Three other hospitals in New York also have been testing the programme.
The programme was created by Wholesome Wave, a nonprofit organisation that advocates for access to better food in low-income neighborhoods, in partnership with the Laurie M Tisch Illumination Fund and the city’s Health and Hospital Corporation. It is a startlingly simple idea to deal with a complex problem.
Instead of drugs or admonishments to lose weight, which typically fall on deaf ears, doctors provide families in the FVRx programme with a “prescription” to eat fruits and vegetables. The families also are given nutritional education, recipes and, most important of all, so-called Health Bucks that are redeemable for produce at a local farmers’ market — at twice the amount that the families could purchase with food stamps alone. (Sheryl receives $325 in food stamps each month to feed her family of five.)
New York’s FVRx programme operates in poor areas known as “food deserts,” where eating at places like McDonald’s is both cheaper and easier than purchasing fresh foods and preparing them at home.
“For people today with income shortages, getting like high-quality fruits and vegetables is a big problem,” said Michel Nischan, founder of Wholesome Wave, which supports the programs at community health centers.
It is a win-win endeavour. Participants who qualify get tokens — or, in New York and Boston, Health Bucks — to spend on fruits and continued…

Circumcision advised for teenageboysBy: New York Times |
Posted: December 6, 2014 12:30 am | Updated: December 6, 2014 12:31 am
Doctors should start telling sexually active teenage boys who aren’t circumcised that if they have the surgery, they can reduce their risk of contracting HIV and other sexually transmitted infections from their female partners, federal health officials propose.
Similar counselling is urged for adult heterosexual men who remain uncircumcised and for expectant parents who will be making a decision about newborn circumcision if they have a boy, according to the new recommendations, proposed by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Most American boys are circumcised as newborns, but the percentage of parents having their infants circumcised in hospitals has fallen in recent years, even as evidence from African studies suggests that it may be protective. Circumcision has also come under fire, in part because babies cannot give their consent to the operation, with some critics saying the practice constitutes genital mutilation.
The draft of the recommendations, which will undergo peer review and be subject to public comments for 45 days before being finalised, note that teenage boys should be counselled along with their parents and have a say in the decision-making process, an element that may neutralise some opposition.
“Our role is to provide accurate information so people can make informed decisions,” said Dr Jonathan Mermin, director of the National Center for HIV/AIDS at the CDC. “The first thing that is important to know is that male circumcision has been associated with a 50 to 60 percent reduction of HIV transmission, as well as a reduction in sexually transmitted infections such as herpes, bacterial vaginosis and the human papilloma virus (HPV), which causes penile and cervical cancer,” Dr Mermin said.
He emphasised, however, that circumcision did not entirely eliminate the risk of infections, and circumcised men must continue to take other precautions, such as using condoms and limiting sexual partners.
Whether teenage American boys or men will be persuaded to go under the knife is another question.
The CDC’s own background report summarising the scientific evidence cited a consumer study that found that only 10 per cent of 709 heterosexual uncircumcised adult men said that they were “likely” or “very likely” to undergo circumcision, even if told it would reduce their risk of HIV. More than 80 per cent said they were “unlikely” or “very unlikely” to undergo circumcision.
“It’s hard to imagine very many adolescents deciding to have a circumcision done,” said Dr Douglas S Diekema, a member of the American Academy of Pediatrics’ task force on circumcision.
While older adults may be more likely to opt for circumcision especially if they engage in a lot of risky sexual behavior, Dr Diekema said, “It’s a difficult thing to get the adolescent brain to make that kind of calculation.” The continued…

Every company vulnerable to hack attackevery company vulnerable to hack attack
The magazine finally answers tough questions about a blockbuster story--and then walks it back.By Alyssa Rosenberg December 5 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
After days of questions, Rolling Stone has finally answered the two big questions asked of its blockbuster story about sexual assault at the University of Virginia : Did reporter Sabrina Rubin Erdely try to contact the students who were accused of gang-raping Jackie, a student whose shocking story anchored the piece? And if not, why not?
Protestors carry signs and chant slogans in front of the Phi Kappa Psi fraternity house at the University of Virginia late Saturday night, Nov. 22, 2014, in Charlottesville, Va. (AP Photo/The Daily Progress, Ryan M. Kelly)
In a statement that clarifies the conflicting accounts Erdely and her editor have given to numerous publications , editor Will Dana explains that:
Because of the sensitive nature of Jackie’s story, we decided to honor her request not to contact the man she claimed orchestrated the attack on her nor any of the men she claimed participated in the attack for fear of retaliation against her. In the months Erdely spent reporting the story, Jackie neither said nor did anything that made Erdely, or Rolling Stone’s editors and fact-checkers, question Jackie’s credibility. Her friends and rape activists on campus strongly supported Jackie’s account. She had spoken of the assault in campus forums. We reached out to both the local branch and the national leadership of the fraternity where Jackie said she was attacked. They responded that they couldn’t confirm or deny her story but had concerns about the evidence.
Dana also explains that, “In the face of new information, there now appear to be discrepancies in Jackie’s account, and we have come to the conclusion that our trust in her was misplaced.”
Washington Post reporters also published a story  that attempted to verify Erdely’s reporting, and to contact the man Jackie identified as her date on the night she said she was assaulted.
Among other details, The Post reports:
Overwhelmed from sitting through interviews with the writer, Jackie said she asked Erdely to be taken out of the article. She said Erdely refused and Jackie was told that the article would go forward regardless. Jackie said she finally relented and agreed to participate on the condition that she be able to fact-check her parts in the story, which she said Erdely accepted. Erdely said in an e-mail message that she was not immediately available to comment Friday morning.
This catastrophe for journalism — and for a conversation about sexual assault on college campuses that remains of critical importance — is in part of Rolling Stone’s own making.
I would not have made the agreement with Jackie that Erdely and her editors struck. But having done so, Rolling Stone ought to have been clear about their agreement with Jackie in the initial article, and explained in a clear and forthright way the efforts they made to speak with the fraternity. These details might have affected how credible some readers found Jackie’s account, but they would also have added context to her fears of retaliation and her sense of the campus climate.
Rolling Stone has published a note to readers apologizing for an article about an alleged U-Va. sexual assault, saying new information shows discrepancies in the victim's story. (Reuters)
Rolling Stone interviewed Emily Renda, another University of Virginia student who says she is a survivor of sexual assault, who is active in campus anti-rape advocacy, and who was also a target of the same retaliation that Jackie experienced. Erdely also spoke with Stacy, another student who reported being abused and successfully pursued a misconduct complaint through the UVA disciplinary process. So why did Erdely and Rolling Stone choose Jackie as the main character in “A Rape on Campus,” even though they had to agree not to contact the men she was accusing, and especially after she tried to withdraw her participation?
Was it that Jackie’s story was not simply an account of sexual assault, but a gang-rape, an attention-grabbing atrocity that seemed like it might generate more heat on the issue? Was it an opportunity to indict the institutional culture of fraternities by describing an assault that did not merely happen at a Phi Kappa Psi party, but that was presented as part of an initiation ritual? Whatever the choices Rolling Stone made in reporting and editing “A Rape on Campus,” the magazine would do itself and the effort to end sexual assault on campus a favor by publishing a full autopsy of its choices.
 

Global Service Fulfillment (Service Order Management  Inventory Management  Network Management  Activation and Provisioning) Market - Forecast & Analysis to 2019Global Service Fulfillment (Service Order Management  Inventory Management  Network Management  Activation and Provisioning) Market - Forecast & Analysis to 2019
Global oil prices slide  rout undeterred by US jobs dataGlobal oil prices slide  rout undeterred by US jobs data
Kkmakesmoney ji: lowest for arrow coated products is: 24.9537 Followers
Dear Whatsupji,
It seems you are just looking at 52 week high and low. Please read my message carefully. Check the price on 2nd Aug 2013 - it was 12.42, a day before it was 11.83. Current Market Price is 347. Now please do the calculation. I hope you would not be disappointed now.
Earlier I have told you that you will find it hard to get me wrong with Balance Sheets. An extension of that would be I have great affinity to numbers.
Again just to be clear, I don`t own even a single share of Arrow Coated Products. I am less fortunate, but I am happy.
Cheers,
In reply to : whatsupji message
11.07 AM Dec 6th

My view may be biased as i am long but sail will go upCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Please check the previous messages on the below chain.. 150 and 175 ar...Vakrangee to make application for Payment banks license
The company would make application in capacity of Corporate Business Correspondent
Vakrangee would be making application for Payment banks license in the capacity of Corporate Business Correspondent. The company, for this has constituted a committee to be called as Payments Banks committee to look into all the matters and required compliances relating to the Payments Banks on behalf of the Company.
This development comes after RBI issued final norms for payment banks and small finance banks that would allow mobile firms and supermarket chains, among others, to enter the banking arena to cater to individuals and small businesses. The move, aimed at deepening financial inclusion and boost saving habits, comes within seven months of RBI issuing two full-fledged banking licences in April this year after a gap of over a decade.
Vakrangee Softwares is one of the few leading E-Governance service provider in India equipped with cutting edge infrastructure, highly experienced professionals, investment and technological breakthrough on a continual basis in order to maintain time bound completion of critical projects
In reply to : good2bet message
1.19 PM Dec 4th

I take this man/woman with a pinch of saltMitali Saran: I take this man/woman with a pinch of salt
Mitali Saran |  Dec 05, 2014 10:40 PM IST
I've been to a couple of weddings in the last few weeks, and it struck me again for the umpteenth time: can't we update Hindu wedding vows?
Everyone knows that marriage in India is such a fundamental expectation in the life cycle, from individuals as well as from society, that it is perfectly acceptable to grill a stranger about theirs and offer unsolicited advice: "Are you married? Why not? Meet my son. I have a niece/nephew in an investment bank in USA. Is there … a problem? You're 40 - how very sad, have you tried online? Who will look after you when you're old? Oh, you're divorced." *Walks away.*
Weddings everywhere make people misty-eyed, but in India the general social relief of getting a child off one's hands and into the hands of holy, lifelong, socially respectable, financially secure matrimony is almost crushing. Perhaps that's why people aren't too fussed about the vows. The weddings I attended were cross-cultural affairs filled with bright, modern, cosmopolitan men and women, and the vows were roughly explained in English for the benefit of the foreign party. Hearing them in a language you know - because you failed to grow up in post-Smriti Irani classrooms - is enough to make your jaw hang like a sack of dowry.
At the end I blurted out: "Those wedding vows turn my stomach." The face of the foreigner standing next to me performed a complicated ballet of negotiation between agreement and cross-cultural uncertainty before settling for a weak smile, and I felt bad about that, but they do turn my stomach. Here's how they go.
Bride: "I vow to care for, and look after, you and your whole entire family, including the infants and the really old people, for the rest of my life, and to do all the household chores, and to bear and raise your children, and regularly cook you delicious food, and to help increase your wealth, and to never sleep with anyone else, and to do my darndest to please you, and to support you in everything you do."
Groom: "I vow to earn some money for you and the kids, and am really looking forward to having you please me in every way, you lucky thing."
A rough distillation, admittedly, but that's the meat and potatoes of it. There's something about being friends and companions, too, but it's thrown in amid a lot of very specific, pragmatic, division-of-labour stuff.
The distance between ritual and social practice may have grown immensely, but traditional attitudes retain a deep subliminal hold. So, for instance, when today a woman goes into the world to work at a career of her own, her husband gets unspoken extra credit for being okay with that. (I'm not speaking, here, of the millions of families in which women work outside their homes as a matter of necessity, not choice.) When a man pitches in with household chores, he gets hosannas for his generosity, since the baseline is that he doesn't have to. In either case, he is "allowing" his wife something he is not contractually obligated to: work a second job (her first, domestic job isn't seen as a job but as the natural duty she signed up for-which, technically, she did) and slack off on her rightful chores, thanks to his contribution, which is barely visible against the glow of his halo.
Without question, many social attitudes have changed, and, of course, not everything is taken literally. But maybe it's time for couples who take the consecration part of their marriages seriously (as opposed to completing the ritual as a matter of form, which is perfectly fine) to consider writing their own vows. Perhaps it's time to observe karva chauth only if you really genuinely subscribe to the idea behind that one-way fast, rather than just because it's a reason to dress up and buy jewellery? In other words, trace the connections, where they exist, between sacred tradition and the routine brutalisation and oppression of women. Malignancies deserve excision.
In an age where divisive, communal politics has not so much gone mainstream - all political parties have cynically used that strategy whenever convenient - as come proudly out of the closet, "tradition" has become bitterly contested territory. Is a critique of those sacred matrimonial Sanskrit shlokas, and any others that sound tinny in the modern age, just another sad little sickular Westernised assault on the great glory of Indian tradition?
No, and it's no fun either. Weddings are parades, and nobody likes to rain on a parade. But you'll have to explain how it is possible to swear allegiance to gender equality and empowering Indian women, and simultaneously maintain a hands-off policy on tradition.

Country  club and RonaldoAabhas Sharma: Country, club and Ronaldo
Aabhas Sharma |  Dec 05, 2014 10:38 PM IST
Numbers in sport can be extremely misleading. But Cristiano Ronaldo's numbers certainly aren't. Twenty goals in Real Madrid's last 12 league games; three hat-tricks in four La Liga games, giving him 26 hat-tricks in the league; 278 goals in 266 games for Real Madrid; and he has now been involved in 255 goals - 197 goals and 58 assists - in his last 177 league games. He personally has scored more goals than Manchester United, Liverpool FC, Inter Milan and Borussia Dortmund this season. He has scored more goals than 75 per cent of the teams across Europe's top five leagues. Since joining Real Madrid, he has scored against 51 of the 52 teams he has faced.
It's kind of hard to fathom that these numbers are real, and perhaps their exceptional nature will not dawn on many till the time anyone comes close to replicating them. To put it in perspective, Real Madrid's all-time leading scorer is Raúl with 323 goals in 741 games. The magician from Madeira might possibly break that record - but having played 400 fewer games! For argument's sake, if someone does manage to dominate in this manner, then it will be for a season or two, not for six years on the trot, like Ronaldo. Only Lionel Messi has managed to score more goals - and Ronaldo, over the last two years, outshone him as well.
Mention Ronaldo, and Messi's name is never far behind; but this isn't a piece comparing the genius of two. It's a tedious debate, as there's actually very little between them. The Ballon d'Or or the World Player of the Year award has been contested between the two in the last five years. The award is given after coaches and captains of international teams cast their votes for the nominees. Football journalists from all over the world are also allowed to vote. From 2009 to 2012, Messi monopolised the award with Ronaldo coming in second. But 2013 saw Ronaldo swoop in to take it, and he looks certain to win it again.
Historically, in a World Cup year, the award goes to the star player of the winning team. Zinedine Zidane won it in 1998 - based purely on the two goals he scored in the final - while Ronaldo (the Brazilian one) won it four years later. To prove how World Cup tilts the balance in a player winning the award was proven in 2006 when Italian captain Fabio Cannavaro won it. While Cannavaro was undeniably very good in the World Cup, to give him the award was frankly laughable. Messi bucked the trend in 2010 and now Ronaldo is most certain to follow his lead. Germany's Manuel Neuer had a good season with Bayern Munich and played a pivotal role in his team's World Cup win; but compare it with Ronaldo's season and Neuer's heroics fall short. His German compatriot Thomas Müller, in fact, has come out and said that it will be "boring" if Ronaldo won the award again. But brilliance can never be boring.
Most players in the all-time great list - Diego Maradona, Pele and Franz Beckenbauer among others - are mostly hailed for their brilliance in the World Cup or on the international stage. Ronaldo is yet to win a major international trophy with Portugal. His detractors will always point to the fact that he hasn't done much for Portugal - as Messi has not for Argentina - but club football has dwarfed international games in the last decade or so.
The World Cup still is the pinnacle for most footballers, but what players do for their clubs is perhaps remembered more. And what Ronaldo has done for Manchester United and Real Madrid in the last eight years is phenomenal. He won the Champions League with United in 2008 and also won the Ballon d'Or.
Breaking records has become Ronaldo's favourite pastime. He scored a record number of 17 goals in the Champions League and led Real Madrid to La Decima, their historic 10th triumph in the competition. Ronaldo is the second-highest scorer in the history of the competition with 70 goals; Messi, a fortnight ago, broke Raúl's record of 71 goals. Very few footballers can do everything and Ronaldo is of that rare breed. Ronaldo can score great free kicks; rarely misses penalties; is excellent in the air; and can score with either foot.
You can blend in all the different type of attacking players that exist - pacy wingers, target men, goal poachers, those good in the air, free-kick specialists - and you'll find all those traits in Ronaldo. Such has been his brilliance that even his great namesake from Brazil now requires a prefix every time he is mentioned, being called the "Brazilian Ronaldo" - or more, harshly, "Fat Ronaldo". We are witnessing a player at the peak of his prowess, and it's both spectacular and frightening to imagine with what numbers he will end his career.

This is the year of the political strongmanThis is the year of the political strongman
Philip Stephens
They are busy retelling history as a way of rekindling past glories and reviving old grievances
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/79059a84-7a25-11e4-9b34-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The reputation of the NY Fed is under threat© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/06e8013c-7af0-11e4-b630-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sovereign funds pave a path to shared prosperitySovereign funds pave a path to shared prosperity
Gillian Tett
It has been lamentably difficult to get private sector investors to fill the infrastructure void
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/84173298-7a25-11e4-9b34-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Angry money - Lex on Jim CramerShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Angry money - Lex on Jim Cramer
Dec 4, 2014 : Welcome to Lex Money! In today's lightning round: is it time to sell, sell, sell TheStreet? Or does the arrival of an activist investor mean this is a Lextacular opportunity? Robert Armstrong channels Jim Cramer to find out.
Credits: Filmed by Rod Fitzgerald and Nicola Stansfield. Produced by Veronica Kan-Dapaah and Seb Morton-Clark.

Is it time to sell  sell  sell TheStreet Robert Armstrong channels Jim Cramer to find outShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Angry money - Lex on Jim Cramer
Dec 4, 2014 : Welcome to Lex Money! In today's lightning round: is it time to sell, sell, sell TheStreet? Or does the arrival of an activist investor mean this is a Lextacular opportunity? Robert Armstrong channels Jim Cramer to find out.
Credits: Filmed by Rod Fitzgerald and Nicola Stansfield. Produced by Veronica Kan-Dapaah and Seb Morton-Clark.

Managing risks  avoiding disastersUpdated: December 5, 2014 02:21 IST
Managing risks, avoiding disasters
Tweet
Photo: The Hindu
UNFORTUNATE TRUTH: “Accidents are bound to happen in the age of hazardous industry, but it is the responsibility of all sectors of society to ensure that we are prepared to cope with the aftermath.” Picture shows photographs of the people who died in the tragedy, at Gandhi Medical College, Bhopal. Photo: A.M. Farqui
TOPICS
emergency planning
Expertise is often the missing piece in the disaster management puzzle
Shaken by the Bhopal gas disaster in 1984, social scientists worldwide have worked intensively on understanding the complex dynamics underlying such disasters and mobilising theoretical tools that are pragmatic, adaptive and iterative. This article summarises five key ideas that have emerged from this research.
The first idea is the vulnerability thesis, according to which environmental disasters cannot be explained just by natural trigger events, however large. They are, on the contrary, caused by the complex interactions between factors generating vulnerability, which have roots in historic social, cultural, ecological, economic and political processes, and the existence of physical hazards. Further, disasters are not departures from the normal functioning of societies. Rather, they often exemplify the norm, and exacerbate the potential of a hazardous event. Understanding the patterns in human social dynamics in any given region is therefore an important key to building effective institutions.
Some disasters are unique events — rare, unpredictable acts — for which rational responses are difficult. Others are discrete; they are results of correctable factors such as a failure of a component, limited design error, or a mistake by an operator. Yet others happen despite calculated risks being assumed, and are often understood only after analysing the cataclysmic event following its occurrence. Significantly, there is also a class of disasters which stems from the design of the system itself. Such systems are typically interactively complex, and predicting specific outcomes ahead of time is impossible due to adverse signal to noise ratios, and because the sheer range of permutations defining outcomes increases with complexity. However, even such systems can be improved by effective processes, such as continuous training, multiple redundancies, accountability, better data, hierarchical differentiation and autonomy, and crucially, nurturing cultures of reliability. Understanding the complexity characteristics of any given disaster management catchment, and devising institutional cultures to counter them, is therefore a second key to building effective institutions.
Politics of infrastructure
Infrastructure and technological systems have politics. Research on infrastructure conducted over the past decade has shown that infrastructure is fundamentally relational in character, and is defined by the cultural context in which it is produced and used. Infrastructure is embedded in social arrangements and is transparent to use. It is for the most part invisible because its use is routine. It is learned as part memberships of communities and linked with conventions of practice and use. It is also an embodiment of standards, and is built on an installed base that inherits its strengths and weaknesses. Infrastructure becomes visible when it breaks down, and when it does, it often reflects how what is routine for some users is a problem for others. For example, when a hydroelectric dam breaches, the disaster reflects the tensions between the goals of the designers (power generation, flood control), and those of communities immediately downstream, who might have protested its construction in the first place on grounds that it is unsafe for them. When infrastructure breaks down, it is often fixed incrementally and in a modular fashion, reflecting the need to negotiate multiple interests and viewpoints. Understanding the politics of infrastructure and the possibilities for engagement and reform is a third crucial key to building effective institutions.
“Not one major agency in India exists that integrates the many insights from global research on risk and disaster after Bhopal”
Democratic processes and shareholder participation are critical for effective governance. A great deal of research across social science disciplines has established that technocratic top-down systems of management are largely ineffective, especially in cases of controversies and disasters. This is particularly so when there is a cultural gap between experts who make policy and lay peoples who have to live the consequences of their policies. Where such gaps involve a lack of understanding by experts of local ecologies and adaptive processes that are developed historically by communities, significant problems of credibility arise. Conversely, where experts make conscious attempts to understand local communities, useful synergies might result, including informal data streams that complement, improve, or problematise official data, and, in some cases, better designed systems. A related body on research on inter-agency, inter-region, and international interactions has demonstrated that more often than not, there is little coordination and sharing of data, synchronisation of events, and even comprehension of processes, even in advanced industrial nations. Understanding how expert systems interact with each other and with lay communities holds a fourth key to the design of effective disaster management institutions.
Expertise is often the missing piece in the disaster management puzzle. In the aftermath of the Bhopal gas tragedy, three kinds of expertise crucial for managing the aftermath were missing. Contingent expertise or the administration’s preparedness to respond immediately and effectively to a potential hazard was the first kind. It is concerned with conscious adaptive mechanisms and institutions built by governments prior to cataclysmic events.
The second was conceptual expertise. In Bhopal, this referred to the kind of expertise needed to devise long-term rehabilitation strategies and troubleshoot them in practice. In other places, it involves piecing together the complexity of the entire system. A case in point is the work on flooding, where policymakers often misdiagnose the causes of floods, and end up exacerbating the problem in the long term.
The third is ethnographic expertise, which refers to an ability to gain a contextual and grounded understanding, and to act on the basis of such experience.
The upshot is that institution building based on anticipation is the key to effective and good governance. A promising new field of research characterises anticipatory governance as “a broad-based capacity extended through society that can act on a variety of inputs to manage… technologies while such management is still possible.” This emerging discipline emphasises studies of processes that can engender precaution, foresight, engagement and integration. It also studies how to create frameworks and dialogic spaces wherein reflexivity can occur. Understanding how best to anticipate, negotiate, build consensus, and ensure participation is a fifth key component that defines a successful institution for disaster management.
Critical gap in approach
India has done well by investing in the National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA) and associated entities. The expenditure on technological infrastructure, from satellite systems to flood sensors in rivers, has been well spent, as the accuracy in predicting the onset and intensity of catastrophic natural disasters such as cyclones testifies. However, the NDMA and other agencies have a critical gap in their approach and framework, as evidenced in their programmatic statements. Simply put, they lack good social science perspectives, barring a modicum of economics. They do not demonstrate the understanding that vulnerability cannot be addressed only by technical fixes, but requires more systemic and historical approaches and analytic capability. The NDMA cannot, however, be faulted for this lapse. Not one major agency in India exists that integrates the many insights from global research on risk and disaster after Bhopal. There is also no training programme that produces the cadres with the breadth of vision encompassing alternatives to the risk paradigm, clean chemistry and sun setting of chemicals, a sophisticated understanding of complex systems and high reliability organisations, reflexive governance, and precautionary regulatory science. It is an unfortunate reality in the age of highly hazardous industry that accidents are bound to happen. It is however the responsibility of all sectors of society to ensure that we are prepared to cope with the aftermath. A critical step forward is the investment in research and training. The time is now.
(S. Ravi Rajan is associate professor, University of California, Santa Cruz, and co-founder in 1986, of the Bhopal Group for Information and Action, an advocacy group.)

The Real Barriers to Nurturing Emotionally Engaged Employeesreddit
Getting employees emotionally engaged may sound abstract, warm and fuzzy. But the impact of such a void represents a sobering business reality. Disengaged employees end up costing the U.S. between $450 billion to $550 billion each year in lost productivity. These figures make sense when you consider that an estimated 70 percent of American workers are considered "not engaged" or "actively disengaged." Given such insights, it is no wonder that organizations are doubling-down on their investments to build employee engagement. According to a recent Deloitte study, spending in 2015 will grow in excess of $1.5 billion. That is more than double the investment spent in 2014. While the growing awareness and investment in employee engagement is promising, it is their lack of impact that warrants caution and a broader change in perspective. Discussions regarding employee engagement must evolve beyond the narrow focus of how employees need to change. And instead, expand discussion to include greater focus on an organization's commitment (or lack thereof), to facilitate employee engagement opportunity.
The Deloitte study points out that historical efforts to build employee engagement have often been regarded as wasted spending due to lack of impact. And while not all employee engagement-building programs are as successful as others, I believe that the problem lies not with the issue -- but in the nature of the response. That the lack of impact has less to do with the employee and the engagement methods, but more about the context and limitations in which they operate. These limitations are usually related to corporate culture, limited resources, and expectations that undermine engagement growth potential.
Emotional Barriers to Entry
Businesses with engaged employees outperform those without by up to 202 percent -- Gallup's 2013 Study: State of the American Workplace
The upside potential to building employee engagement is huge! There is no doubt as to the benefit to an organization, but what about the employee?
Envision an employee who demonstrates great potential in becoming the next "entrepreneur" within your organization. Imagine they express interest in learning more about a new topic unrelated to their current role (i.e. social networks), and seeks management support in their development of that interest. What typically happens once they obtain management approval is they invest the time to learn via seminar, course, or purchase of training materials. At this point, they are usually feeling relatively positive because of the investment being made towards their development.
But then what? What are they to do with this new knowledge and learning? How do they channel their new knowledge into becoming something of value to their organization? How can they sustain and build upon what they've learned within context of their daily responsibilities?
For most employees, the barriers to engagement have less to do with their ability to learn something new, but rather their ability to overcome what happens thereafter. When management does not enable employees to engage beyond their current roles and responsibilities, by default pursuit of new ideas/opportunities becomes the responsibility of the employee to nurture through to fruition. In other words, it is the employee who must use their personal/free time to explore new interests (so as not to interfere with daily responsibilities). It is the employee who must find and create the opportunities for exploring their new interests within their organization. It is the employee who is forced to choose between a combination of personal and professional fulfillment, versus meeting management expectations for the role they hold today. When there is no incentive for both employee and manager to pursue interests beyond short-term expectations and rewards, it is no wonder that the majority of employees -- even the most passionately engaged -- will accept the latter path as their corporate role and purpose.
Facilitate Opportunity
Translating interest into an idea and then further as an initiative, cannot be the sole responsibility of an engaged employee -- no matter how emotionally engaging they may be.   Managers can be essential in helping an employee navigate the limitations and hurdles within an organization. Employees need the support and guidance of others, especially management within an organization to bring new ideas to life. Moreover, an employee will have greater confidence in pursuing new interests if they know that someone in management is supportive of their efforts. In return, greater incentives must be put in place for managers to mentor employee interest and development. Such a change implies that the role of "manager" evolves as well. Greater rewards should be put in place for those who not only manage employee and team productivity. But are true "leaders" in supporting their development and growth.
Make it Real
Sometimes, even an employee who is emotionally charged and actively engaging in employee building efforts, is not enough to inspire broader engagement. Because unless such passion can be leveraged in a way that produces tangible outcomes (i.e. innovative idea, program or policy) it becomes difficult to not only to see the value of the effort, but also to share and inspire others. Storytelling without a "result" is like a story without an ending. The act of sharing and storytelling of such experiences with others, employees or externally, becomes more difficult to do and less likely to feel "real" especially to those who might otherwise be inspired to also become more engaged.
Make Engagement Matter
Getting employees to become emotionally engaged requires more than just a larger budget and more program options.  It requires a company-wide commitment to build employee engagement that goes beyond words and meeting investor expectations. It is about putting into daily practice a more individualized look at how to nurture interest into becoming meaningful outcomes. Rather than doing more of what has been done in the past, organizations should instead alleviate the burden of engagement. This requires greater investment in time from management, and dedicated resources to better understand, and change, that which limits a person's ability to ultimately become a valued and engaged employee.
Special thanks to Chris Devers for use of his photo Cancelled
Follow Anneliza Humlen on Twitter: www.twitter.com/ADHumlen
More:

Reviving SPUG: A New Way to Celebrate the Seasonreddit
I didn't shop on Thanksgiving, Black Friday, or Cyber Monday, but I feel like I did. I am exhausted from the overbearing onslaught of emails and posts and ads announcing the big sales. It's made me feel slightly curmudgeonly, and I am not happy about it. I love the holidays. I love celebrating the season with friends and family, good meals and fun gatherings. Every year there is an incessant push to spend and buy, but this year seems to be worse than ever.
Bear with me here; this isn't going to be a "remember the reason for the season post," but indulge me a little, because I think we can all agree that we can use a little SPUG right about now.
For those unfamiliar with that particular acronym, it stands for the Society for the Prevention of Useless Gifts, and yes it's a real thing, or was. SPUG was started in November 1912 by a group of department store clerks in Manhattan who were frustrated with the expectation that they spend their hard-earned money buying expensive holiday gifts for their supervisors. "The society's objection was not to Christmas, its founders explained, but to what it had become -- a cause that found widespread sympathy in newspapers across the country," wrote Slate contributor Paul Collins in "The Original War on Christmas." And that was in 1912!
The group's message and mission was quickly championed by thousands of other women, and SPUG groups sprang up across the city and the country. Even the New York Times chimed in with a headline the day after the group formed: "BE A SPUG AND STOP FOOLISH XMAS GIVING."
The following year, the group changed its name to the Society for the Promotion of Useful Giving and began encouraging people to give to those in need. By 1914, as World War I began, SPUG was pretty much defunct.
I say we need a little SPUG right about now. As we enter the season of giving and the 102nd birthday of SPUG, there are many reasons to champion a revival of SPUG. For starters, we've all received those gifts. You know, the ones we open with a smile on our face, express massive gratitude for, and then wonder where can we store it in the basement only to be retrieved before said gift-giver comes for a visit. Second, we've all experienced the stress of the season. With a to-do list longer than our arm, we rack our brains for something unique and memorable for person X, Y, or Z.  In the flurry of seeking that perfect gift, we lose sight of why we might be buying that person a gift in the first place, or if it's really necessary. Third, many of us have experienced the post holiday stress associated with the exceptionally high credit card bills that come in January. And finally, do we really need more stuff?
Don't get me wrong: I love presents. Who doesn't? But lately, I fear we live in a world gone mad. Ours is a culture of excess, a culture of perpetual stress, a culture of doing rather than being. Too often in our quest for "doing it all" we lose sight of living purposefully, and this time of year that's especially true, as we buy to much, spend too much, eat too much, and do too much. We are too stressed or too exhausted to really be, to really enjoy each other, to really participate in the joy of the season.
And that's why I suggest we resurrect SPUG. Let's reclaim the joy and fun of the holidays, reconnect with what it means to be, and reengage with the possibilities of a new way of being. Why can't we live and celebrate with clarity, purpose, and joy?
We can start by repurposing SPUG as the Society for the Promotion of Unique Gratitude, and vow to do the following:
1. Ban or limit gifts. Create experiences instead. I remember in horror when my family did away with Christmas stockings. My parents decided my two siblings and I didn't need all the little useless things they put in our stockings. They decided to spend more time with us instead. Our holidays became filled with bowls of popcorn by the fire, games, conversations, and togetherness. Today I can't remember one thing that was in my stocking, but I remember the nights by the fire with my family playing Monopoly.
As we got older, the quantity of gifts slowly diminished until my parents announced that we would each receive an "experience" instead of a present. This took many forms: lift tickets, fabulous dinners out, fabulous dinners in, trips to spas, etc. As with the board games by the fire, I can recount what I received every single year as an experience. The gifts? Not so much. The memories became the greatest gifts of all.
2. Make it personal. Some dear friends have a wonderful family tradition of making homemade gifts. Each year, the family makes one thing (caramelized pecans, beeswax wood polish, etc) and spends one day together creating the gifts and another day packaging and delivering them. It beings them so much joy to be together and to give such wonderful treats. And it brings the recipients just as much joy to receive something personal and lovely. It fires on all cylinders.
3. Refuse to succumb to the useless gifts. All too often in the stress of the holiday season we just grab items, however useless or meaningless, to give as gifts. But what if we refused to succumb to the useless and instead tried to imbue our gifts with more meaning and real love? In The Five Love Languages, Gary Chapman, explains that there are five different languages that people experience love. Sure there can be joy in receiving beautiful gifts (which is one of the languages, but there is also amazing joy in acts of service, quality time, physical touch, and words of affirmations. What if you took the time to find out what love language your recipient speaks, and give them a gift accordingly?
Think of the family that created homemade gifts. They had quality family time, acts of service in creating a useful gift, and many words of affirmation about who they were making the gifts for and how they loved them and were loved in return.
We can reclaim our sanity and find the true joy this holiday season by exercising a little SPUG, being more thoughtful, and slowing down a little.
For more ideas on hacking the holidays to make them more joyful, visit Gift Giving Yoga for a free e-book and overview.
Follow Camille Preston, Ph.D., PCC on Twitter: www.twitter.com/CamilleP
More:

Camille Preston  Ph.D.  PCCGET UPDATES FROM Camille Preston, Ph.D., PCC
 
Like
19
Camille Preston, PhD, PCC, is a virtual leadership expert, author, highly sought-after speaker, executive coach and the founder and CEO of AIM Leadership. She accelerates individuals’ capacity to sustainably deliver results and awaken inner mastery.
Camille specializes in helping people unlock their capacity for excellence, action, and impact. Utilizing cutting-edge leadership practices, knowledge about what drives change (emotions, relationships, you name it), and a special sauce that makes it actionable, easy, engaging and fun, AIM clients develop the strategies, systems and skills to lead and deliver results amid perpetual change.
She is a thought leader in virtual effectiveness, cracking the code for understanding how to leverage technology, how to rewire for results and how to create impactful, effective collaborations with people who you do not see face to face. Her clients master leadership agility, the vital new competency for individuals, teams and organizations in our wired world.
Camille has worked with thousands of individuals and companies, including GE, Verizon Wireless, Wellington, Fannie Mae, Harvard University, GM, Zappos, NBC and the U.S. Army, and has traveled the globe speaking and teaching. She is the author of Rewired: How to Work Smarter, Live Better, and Be Purposefully Productive in an Overwired World, and a frequent guest expert on TV, radio, and blogs.
Camille has over 20 years’ experience in consulting and coaching. She has a PhD in psychology from the University of Virginia, an executive coaching certificate from Georgetown University, and advanced leadership training from the Center for Creative Leadership. She is certified in every major professional and cognitive assessment, from MBTI to Neurolinguistics Programming and Neurostrategies.
AIM Leadership offers executive and leadership coaching, training, facilitation, workshops, keynote addresses and more. From teaching clients how to lead better in a virtual world to developing their EQ, from leadership coaching to change management, AIM is dedicated to improving individual, team, and organizational effectiveness by developing leadership capabilities from the inside out.
Camille is a leadership expert.. She understands where people are, what is happening to them, and how to be their best selves most quickly. Her clients learn to lead -- and live -- better.

LIC may have to play white knight againDirect equity set to top FDs as biggest asset class in FY15: Report
Although foreign institutional investors are clearly confident about the India story, having shopped for stocks worth more than $12 billion since April, the government’s disinvestment programme, which kicks off on Friday, may need to be supported by Life Insurance Corporation (LIC).
The government hopes to net a sum of R63,425 crore by selling shares in, inter alia, ONGC, Coal India, SAIL, NHPC and the residual stake sales in Balco and Hindustan Zinc, along with some shares of Axis Bank held by SUUTI.
Merchant bankers point out that unless shares of the PSUs are priced attractively and the government offers meaningful discounts, the stake sales might not see too many foreign buyers. That’s because the fundamentals of most companies — Coal India, SAIL and ONGC — aren’t too strong given the regulatory uncertainty and falling prices of commodities. Moreover, many of the stocks have had a fairly good run over the last seven months.
Stocks like ONGC have, however, underperformed the broader market in the last three months in anticipation of the upcoming share sale, the steep drop in the price of crude oil and uncertainty over the subsidy sharing formula. The stake sale could turn out to be a success if the mechanism results in a smaller subsidy burden for the oil explorer. The government is planning to sell a 5% stake in ONGC for around R16,000 crore.
Friday’s offer for sale (OFS) of shares of SAIL will be the first issue after Sebi changed the rules for this mechanism, reserving 10% of the issue for small investors and allowing them a 5% discount. However, with the government fixing the floor price at R83 apiece, only a slight discount to the closing price of R85.35, not too many investors might be interested, merchant bankers said. “The pricing is very tight,” remarked one merchant banker, adding that a 5% discount for retail buyers might not be enough to prompt them to bid.
Brokerages have highlighted the fact that falling iron ore prices could keep steel prices under pressure.
The SAIL stock has gained 20% since April although it has underperformed the Sensex, which has rallied 28%. At the floor price, the sale will fetch the exchequer Rs 1,714 crore.
A 10% stake sale in Coal India estimated to fetch close to Rs 22,000 crore could be challenging, merchant bankers said. Brokerages have drawn attention to the fact that the miner’s production volumes have been languishing in low double digits without a plan for ramping up production and that there is little clarity on the status of e-auctions. There is also concern on incremental sales to the power sector at a lower price point.
TAGS: Coal India Life Insurance Corporation SAIL
More from indianmarkets

And now  the e-rental warSpiceJet gets a lifeline but only for eight weeks
After a price war in the e-tail space among Flipkart, Amazon and Snapdeal, it’s now the turn of car rental firms, reports fe Bureau in Bengaluru. Two weeks after Ola launched autorickshaw services, TaxiForSure on Thursday announced the launch of Tata Nano taxis in Bengaluru at fares cheaper than that of autorickshaws, signaling the onset of a pitched battle to gain control over the country’s $8-10-billion taxi industry. The service has been launched with 100 company-branded Tata Nano cars and will be extended to other cities soon. The service will cost R25 for the first 2 kilometres and R10 for every subsequent kilometre.
The cost, in fact, is cheaper than an auto ride in Bengaluru, where a passenger has to shell out R25 for the first 1.9 km and R13 for every subsequent kilometre.
Quite similar to the competition amongst the e-tailers, taxi players like Ola, TaxiForSure and Uber are now locking horns for a bigger share of the pie.
While Ola claims to have over 35,000 cars in 20 cities across the country, TaxiForSure on Thursday said the company has recorded 3.5 million trips in 15 cities. While Ola is offering budget cars at R100 for the first 6 kilometres and R10 for every subsequent kilometre; TaxiForSure is offering rides for R 49 for the first 4 kilometres.
The $8-10 billion taxi industry in India, comprising over 15 lakh registered taxis, has witnessed tremendous interest from investors of late, the latest instance being Ola raising $210 million from Japan’s SoftBank at a valuation of $650 million recently. TaxiForSure, in comparison, is estimated to have raised close to $45 million since its inception in June 2011 from Accel Partners and Bessemer Venture Partners among others.
Raghunandan G, co-founder and CEO, TaxiForSure, said: “We are seeing great traction across 14 cities and we recently completed 3.5 million trips. The aggressive growth that the taxi industry is seeing requires innovative ways to bring more cars onto the road. Tata Nano is a well-loved consumer brand that is perfectly suited for city travel with its small footprint and zippy commute. It is also light on the pockets of our driver partners, who can now become entrepreneurs much more easily.”
Besides, the three-and-a-half years old company also announced a TV campaign, slated to go live on December 5 on Hindi movie, music, lifestyle, business and news channels.
The campaign, created by Lowe Lintas and Partners, will be spread across two months panning TV, print, radio and online.
TAGS: Amazon Flipkart Snapdeal
More from companies

Mid-caps no middling moversDirect equity set to top FDs as biggest asset class in FY15: Report
The BSE Midcap index scaled another peak on Thursday, putting on 25.96 points or 0.25% to end the session at 10,525.82, reports fe Bureau in Mumbai.
With these gains, the mid-cap space appears to have gained back some of the momentum it lost since July.
Among the counters that have done well are NBCC, which has jumped fivefold since January, CCL, which has surged sixfold, and Symphony, which has quadrupled in value. Biscuit maker Britannia, consumer durables firm Whirlpool and Ajanta Pharma and Natco Pharma have rallied anywhere between 85% and 200%.
After under-performing the Sensex in three of the last four months ending October, the broader mid-cap index has outperformed the Sensex with gains 4.43% in November.
So far in 2014, the BSE Midcap has gained 57% against the Sensex’s gain of 35% with as many as 177 constituents yielding better returns than the 30-share large-cap index.
It is not surprising that the index is trading close to its peak relative valuations against the Sensex with one-year forward earnings multiple of 16.78, and nearly a third of the 267 constituents already having doubled in value. The performance also appears broad-based with stocks from the construction, consumer durables, automobile, infrastructure, capital goods, pharma and financial services sectors.
TAGS: BSE Sensex
More from indianmarkets

Andhra Pradesh govt to waive farm loans up to Rs 1.5 lakhBiz leaders in manufacturing sector optimistic about next  year: Survey
Andhra Pradesh chief minister N Chandrababu Naidu has decided to waive farm loans of up to R1.50 lakh per family in the state as per the Telugu Desam Party’s (TDP) poll promises. The state government has finalised the list of beneficiaries after synchronising it with Aadhaar cards and ration cards to avoid loopholes.
In an interaction with the media, Naidu said, “Today, we have implemented the manifesto. For the last six months we have done enough exercise. In this process, we are settling around 40 lakh accounts. Nearly 27 lakh people are going to be benefited, 23 lakh families are going to benefit from this scheme. It is going to be implemented from 10th of this month.”.
“We wanted to free farmers from debt trap. Up to R50,000 per family, we are giving total money. Above R50,000, the sum will be given in five installments. They will be eligible to take fresh loans from banks,” he said. “It is a big programme. Never in the history has such a scheme been implemented by any of the state governments or even the central government so far,” Naidu said.
The remaining 80% amount for families with loan amounts above R50,000 would be adjusted on annual basis over next four years as per norms. The government would bear total interest at the rate of 10%. As per the ‘Debt Redemption Scheme’, those who took loans between April 1, 2007 and December 31, 2013 are eligible for waiver. Horticulture farmers would be given relief of R10,000 per acre as per norms.
The number of accounts entered by banks is 82.66 lakh and number of accounts cleared for loan waiver in the first phase is R40.43 lakh. As many as 26.77 lakh farmers have been cleared in the phase one. In phase II, after receiving necessary documents, 42.23 lakh accounts will be processed. Naidu also said that a grievance redressal mechanism is being put in place by the state government, which would start functioning from December 9.
Though there is no official confirmation on the total loan reschedulement, bankers say it could be over R50,000 crore, including crop and gold loans. The AP government has already issued guidelines for the loan waiver scheme, which is estimated to cost around R43,000 crore to the state exchequer.
The chief minister also recalled how the agriculture sector was meted out ‘gross neglect’ during the previous Congress regime that resulted in steep rise in input costs, deterioration of agriculture extension services and fall in remunerative prices.
“We assure the farmers that the agriculture will be profitable in the days to come. From soil testing, marketing of agricultural produce and setting up of agri-based industries, the government will take all necessary measures to make farming a lucrative occupation,” he said.
The state government had set up a Farmers’ Empowerment Corporation to monitor the implementation of the loan waiver, but also recommend steps, in consultation with experts, to make agriculture remunerative.
TAGS: Andhra Pradesh N Chandrababu Naidu
More from economy
Tamil Nadu govt floats tenders for 11 lakh laptops The Tamil Nadu government has floated tenders for issuing about 11 lakh computers to students under the free laptop...

Mumbai realty sheds inertia with Rs 6 200 cr in Jan-SeptSpiceJet gets a lifeline but only for eight weeks
The Mumbai realty market is hotting up with the city regaining the confidence of institutional investors.
Mumbai attracted the highest investment of $1 billion, or Rs 6,200 crore, among the country’s key investment destinations in the January-September period of 2014. This was more than 20% of the total investment seen by the domestic realty market.
According to findings by global property consultant CBRE in its latest report “APAC Capital Markets MarketView Q3 2014”, institutional investments and capital market transactions in the domestic realty market stood at nearly $4.5 billion, or close to Rs 27,900 crore,  in the first nine months of 2014.
The financial capital of the country tipped Delhi and Bangalore to gain this position, with Delhi being the second-most sought-after investment location followed by Bangalore.
Of the amounts invested in Mumbai, land and development stage transactions made up nearly 70% and over 60% of total realty investments, respectively. In case of Bangalore, more than 50% of total investments during the period were attracted by the commercial office segment.
Of the Rs 27,900 crore invested in Indian realty, land and development stage transactions attracted nearly 60% (Rs 16,740 crore), which came in from domestic as well as foreign entities. The CBRE report said this was an indicator that a significant amount was being invested in greenfield and brownfield developments.
Among key transactions, Kotak Realty Fund invested Rs 300 crore in Nirmal Lifestyle’s US Open residential project in Mumbai and Blackstone invested Rs 175 crore in Ozone Group’s housing project in Chennai.
In office developments, Blackstone, Standard Chartered and Embassy India together invested Rs 1,150 crore in Vrindavan Tech Village in Bengaluru. The GIC has also announced the formation of a joint venture with Bengaluru-based Brigade Enterprises to invest around $250 million in residential and mixed-use development in cities across southern India.
Commercial office segment, on the other hand, has started to see signs of revival in investor sentiment. This space attracted 20% of total investments, or roughly Rs 5,600 crore, in the Indian realty market in the January-September 2014 period. Commercial office segment has been the worst hit in the last two years as leasing activity slowed down and companies refrained from committing bigger office spaces amidst a slowing economy.
In the July-September period of last year, absorption of overall office space declined almost 15% year-on-year in the top six cities of India. However, in July-September 2014, absorption picked up and was up a sharp 31% at 8 million square feet.
Anshuman Magazine, chairman and managing director, CBRE South Asia, said: “Office space transactions, in fact, increased about 20% year-on-year in the first nine months, with more large-scale space leases and higher lease volumes on an average over the previous year across leading cities in India. The period saw significant investor interest in completed and well-leased core commercial office assets and IT parks across key cities.”
According to Cushman and Wakefield’s November report, a number of sovereign and pension funds are committing funds to Indian real estate. These include the All Pensions Group (APG Group), Abu Dhabi Investment Authority (ADIA), Qatar Investment Authority (QIA), Canada Pension Plan Investment Board (CPPIB), State General Reserve Fund of Oman (SGRF) and GIC of Singapore. Piramal Fund Managers (IndiaREIT), Xander Advisors, Kotak Realty Fund, JP Morgan, ASK Advisors, etc have raised funds recently, the consultant noted.
Sanjay Dutt, executive managing director (South Asia), Cushman & Wakefield, said: “Clarity in the governance process and the advent of a stable government at the Centre will be critical to the stability of the investment market. Added to this, the recent announcements strengthening real estate will further the cause of the
sector.”
According to market estimates, Indian real estate-focused private equity (PE) funds are expected to raise around $1 billion from overseas by
March 2015.
TAGS: Bangalore Mumbai
More from companies

Internet space has 5-7 more years of exponential growth: Niren Shah  Norwest Venture PartnersSpiceJet gets a lifeline but only for eight weeks
Managing director at Norwest Venture Partners (NVP) India, Niren Shah, says that with valuations for private equity (PE) and late-stage investments surging sharply on the back of buoyant equity markets, he is focusing more on investing in early stage startups. In an interview with Nitin Shrivastava, he says that though he is cautiously optimistic on a revival in the economy, he is not betting on cyclicals. He believes the e-commerce space would continue to see exponential growth for at least 5-7 years. Excerpts
What has been your strategy for investing in India?
In India, the fund is focused on both early and late-stage ventures as well as growth equity or PE across sectors. We have been very positive on India ever since we opened our office in 2007. We have been believers in its long-term prospects, investing consistently through the ups and downs, which has held us in good stead. We now have over $550 million deployed in India across 30 companies — by number, two-thirds of the investment is in early stage companies and a third in PE investments. By value, it’s the opposite — a third in venture capital (VC) and two-thirds in PE.
You have invested heavily in banking and financial services. What’s your view on the sector?
The sharp run-up in the markets has had a strong impact on some of our investments done through PIPE (private investment in public equity) in the banking sector. One of our portfolio companies — Shriram City Union — is trading six times the partial stake that we hold. Others like IndusInd Bank and Yes Bank are closing in on a little over 3.5 times and 3 times, respectively.
As the economy starts to turn around, we expect banking to outperform the broader economy.
Also, as interest rates start going down, we feel BFSI should do well where we have additional positions in Ratnakar Bank and ING Vysya Bank, which recently got merged with Kotak Bank and Cholamandalam Finance.
What’s your view on e-commerce, which is consistently seeing PE players cut huge cheques at high valuations?
We are very bullish on the internet space. We feel it’s like a one-time change happening in India, where we are witnessing triple-digit growth at the macro level. Till about 2-3 years ago, when we expected the internet space to touch $10 billion by 2015 -16, a lot of people were questioning it, but it has happened much ahead of time.
We feel there’s another 5-7 years of exponential growth in the internet space. Within that, e-commerce is the space where we feel there is surge right now. A lot of cascading effect — whether it’s word of mouth, a growing number of smart handsets, people having ease, convenience and good experience with online buying, lower cost of data — is behind this exponential growth. Capital is also flowing in, which the sector definitely requires. The number of e-commerce users itself is expected to grow 10 times in the next five years, from around 25 million to 250 million, provided 50% of the overall expected 500 million internet users by 2018-19 engage in e-commerce.
Which sectors do you prefer investing in?
In India, we have invested in areas like internet, technology, banking, finance, healthcare, consumer and infrastructure. Within the internet space, we focus a lot more on verticalised sectors that are either part of e-commerce or cater indirectly to e-commerce firms. We have got multiple companies like Pepperfry, Komli Media, Quikr, Fashionandyou and Suvidhaa, which are performing admirably.
Recently, we have also done a lot in the tech space and companies in the software and Saas space, such as Capillary and Manthan Systems, which are catering to global clients. Healthcare and consumer are also focus areas where we expect robust growth. We are considering some investments in the consumer space right now.
Any exits lined up?
Exit is the outcome and not a necessity — it is driven more by the readiness of a company and its prospects. In the past, we have had multiple exits and,currently, we have quite a few companies in our portfolio that are looking at an IPO, but we are not in a hurry. We are providing support to these companies. In fact, there have been companies in our portfolio that have gone public, but we did not sell any shares.
Any counter or cyclical bets?
We usually don’t like cyclicals because of the simple reason that we are a long-term growth investment firm. We like long-term annuity kind of businesses and, so, even in case of infrastructure investments, we have invested in companies like Sadbhav with an annuity kind of business model.
TAGS: E Commerce Fashionandyou Quikr
More from companies

New version raises more disruptive possibilitiesBitcoin 2.0 gives the dreamers focus — but only without the hype
Richard Waters
New version raises more disruptive possibilities than its predecessor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f53524de-7bca-11e4-b6ab-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Indian Inc faces wave of shareholder activismIndian companies facing wave of shareholder activism
Amy Kazmin — New Delhi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3f0aa396-7ba7-11e4-b6ab-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Government helps feds repay their student loans less oftenBy Josh Hicks December 5 Follow @reporter_hicks
Federal agencies last year drastically cut back on the student-loan repayments they use to attract and retain high-demand employees, scaling down largely because of recent budget constraints. (AP/Northwest Florida Daily/Nick Tomecek)
The federal government is allowed to help its employees pay off their student loans as a way to attract workers with specialized skills and knowledge, but agencies are doing less of that these days amid budget constraints.
Last year, 30 percent fewer federal employees received student-loan repayments from the government, and the total cash amount declined by 25 percent, according to a recent report from the Office of Personnel Management .
“This government-wide decrease in student-loan repayment benefits can be mainly attributed to the continuing budgetary issues being faced by federal agencies,” OPM said.
The drop off raises questions about whether the federal government can compete with the private sector in recruiting highly skilled and highly educated employees, who often carry significant debt from schooling.
National Treasury Employees Union president Colleen M. Kelley said loan-repayment programs can “make the difference between a candidate deciding to come to work for the government or a federal employee deciding to remain in the workforce once trained for the job.”
The NTEU is the second-largest labor group representing federal workers.
Overall, the government spent about $53 million last year repaying student loans for roughly 7,300 federal employees. The average benefit was $7,233 for each individual.
(Chart by OPM)
Four agencies issued the vast majority of the repayments, with the Defense Department, Justice Department, Securities and Exchange Commission and State Department accounting for nearly 74 percent of the costs.
The Justice Department experienced the biggest decline in 2013, with its combined repayment value dropping by 64 percent compared to the previous year.
Although agencies generally offer loan repayments to workers in high-demand, such as the three nuclear engineers who received them at the Department of Energy last year, some recipients don’t clearly fit the mold. For example, 14 secretaries and four writer-editors received the benefit in 2013.
Four agencies that previously offered loan repayments stopped doing so in 2013. Among them was the Department of Housing and Urban Development, which spent more than a quarter million dollars on the benefit in 2012 but paid nothing last year.
Josh Hicks covers the federal government and anchors the Federal Eye blog. He reported for newspapers in the Detroit and Seattle suburbs before joining the Post as a contributor to Glenn Kessler’s Fact Checker blog in 2011.

Christmas Bells: The FTs 2014 carolShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
FT’s 2014 carol: ‘Christmas Bells’
Dec 4, 2014 : Baritone Roderick Williams has written a new carol, ‘Christmas Bells’, specially commissioned by the FT, using a poem written by Henry Wadsworth Longfellow during the American civil war. Laura Battle introduces its world premiere, performed by the Godwine Choir. Roderick waived his fee for the carol. He asks that you make a donation to the FT’s Seasonal Appeal for the International Rescue Committee: ft.com/seasonal-appeal.
Links:  Click here to donate to the IRC  /  Credits: Conducted by Alex Davan Wetton. Piano by Steven Neugarten. Sound recording by Robert Cooper. Camera by Steve Ager and Petros Gioumpasis. Produced by Laura Battle. Directed and edited by Josh de la Mare. With thanks to Temple Church and St George the Martyr.

Baritone Roderick Williams has written a carol using a poem written by Henry Wadsworth LongfellowShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
FT’s 2014 carol: ‘Christmas Bells’
Dec 4, 2014 : Baritone Roderick Williams has written a new carol, ‘Christmas Bells’, specially commissioned by the FT, using a poem written by Henry Wadsworth Longfellow during the American civil war. Laura Battle introduces its world premiere, performed by the Godwine Choir. Roderick waived his fee for the carol. He asks that you make a donation to the FT’s Seasonal Appeal for the International Rescue Committee: ft.com/seasonal-appeal.
Links:  Click here to donate to the IRC  /  Credits: Conducted by Alex Davan Wetton. Piano by Steven Neugarten. Sound recording by Robert Cooper. Camera by Steve Ager and Petros Gioumpasis. Produced by Laura Battle. Directed and edited by Josh de la Mare. With thanks to Temple Church and St George the Martyr.

Ask Matt: What s Google worth broken upAFP/Getty
Q: What’s Google worth broken up?
A: European Union lawmakers have said they’re in favor of breaking up Google. While that’s not likely to happen, it raises interesting questions about what the pieces of Google are really worth.
Google is all about search. The company earns nearly all its profit from mining data about Internet surfers and selling those data to advertisers. But the stock gets its value not just from search ads, but from a variety of units and assets. To be specific, Google’s share price is a reflection of investors’ assessment of eight business units and the company’s pile of cash, says market data firm Trefis. Shares of Google are trading for roughly $536.97 apiece.
About a third of the company’s stock value comes from Google’s desktop searches, Trefis says. And another third comes from Google’s mobile ads. After those two businesses, its drops off fast, with YouTube accounting for 9.3% of the stock price and Google Phone at 7.6%. And despite Google’s efforts to get into new businesses, other than consumer-information data mining, advertising is expected to be its key business for quite some time, Trefis says. PC and mobile ads are seen being 70.8% of revenue in 2018, down just slightly from the 76.3% of these units contributed in 2014.
Source: Trefis
USA TODAY markets reporter Matt Krantz answers a different reader question every weekday. To submit a question, e-mail Matt at mkrantz@usatoday.com or on Twitter @mattkrantz.

New NASA spaceship completes debut test runNew NASA spaceship successfully completes debut test run
Reuters Dec 6, 2014, 05.10AM IST
Tags:
Cape Canaveral Air Force Station
(A US spaceship designed…)
CAPE CANAVERAL: A US spaceship designed to one day fly astronauts to Mars made a near-bullseye splashdown in the Pacific Ocean on Friday, wrapping up a flawless, unmanned debut test flight around Earth.
The Orion capsule blasted off aboard a Delta 4 Heavy rocket , the biggest in the US fleet, just after dawn from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida . Three hours later, it reached peak altitude of 3,604 miles (5,800 km) above the planet, a prelude to the most challenging part of the flight, a 20,000-mph (32,000 km/h) dive back into the atmosphere.
Orion survived a searing, plunge through the atmosphere, heating up to 4,000 degree Fahrenheit (2,200 degree Celsius) - twice as hot as molten lave - and experiencing gravitational forces eight times stronger than Earth's.
Over the next few minutes, a total of 11 parachutes deployed to slow Orion's descent, including three gigantic main chutes that guided the spaceship to a 20-mph (32 km/h) splash-down 630 miles (1,014 km) southwest of San Diego, California, at 11:29 a.m. EST (1629 GMT).
"I think it's a big day for the world, for people who know and like space," NASA Administrator Charles Bolden said before the launch.
The point of the test flight, which cost NASA about $375 million, was to verify that Orion's 16.5-foot (5-meter) diameter heat shield, parachutes, avionics and other equipment would work as designed prior to astronauts flying aboard.
NASA has been developing Orion, along with a new heavy-lift rocket, for more than eight years. The design of the rocket has changed, and Orion survived the cancellation of a lunar exploration program called Constellation to become the centerpiece of a new human space initiative intended to one day fly astronauts to Mars.
NASA has spent more than $9 billion developing the Lockheed Martin Corp-built Orion, which will make a second test flight, also without crew, in about four years.
A third mission, expected around 2021, will include two astronauts on a flight that will send the capsule high around the moon. Since the end of the Apollo moon program in 1972, astronauts have flown only a few hundred miles above Earth.
Orion's debut flight originally had been slated for Thursday but a problem with the rocket, built and flown by United Launch Alliance, a partnership of Lockheed and Boeing Co, delayed the launch one day.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Are district attorneys too biased to investigate and prosecute policeBy Paul Cassell December 5
The recent grand jury decisions not to return charges in the police-caused deaths of Michael Brown and Eric Garner have, to put it mildly, not been met with universal approval.  Protesters have challenged not only the substance of those decisions, but more broadly the process by which those decisions were reached.  I have defended the substance of the grand jury’s decision not to return charges in the Brown case, citing the officer’s testimony , the physical evidence , the eyewitness testimony , and the lack of credibility of Brown’s best friend’s story .  But while I have defended the fairness of the grand jury process , I also agree that the process could have been better: The process could have been run by someone who had more distance from the local police officer under investigation.
Demonstrators in Times Square protest a grand jury decision not to charge a New York policeman in the chocking death of Eric Garner. (Mike Segar/Reuters)
While it is not necessarily an inherent conflict of interest for a local prosecuting attorney to conduct an investigation into allegations of misconduct by police agencies that he works with regularly, it can create the perception of bias.  Brian Beutler in the New Republic calls it a “legal flaw” for “local prosecutors investigate the officers on whom they rely for evidence, cooperation, and political endorsements.”  The argument has some force to it.  A district attorney’s office that is one day calling a police officer to the stand as a critical witness may have a difficult time the next day investigating that same officer and charging him with a crime.  “Conflict of interest” is not the best phrase for describing the problem, as that phrase as various meanings that tend to coalesce around certain incompatibility of interests that an attorney owes to his clients. The issue is probably better captured by “perception of bias” — i.e., that the public tends to wonder about whether prosecutors like the St. Louis County Prosecuting Attorney’s Office or the Staten Island District Attorney’s Office have been fair and thorough in developing charges against officers from local police agencies.
To remedy this problem, some (like Beutler) have proposed that special prosecutors should handle criminal cases involving alleged police misconduct.  Others have gone further.  For example, Al Sharpton has reportedly called for a march on Washington in support of a new policy stripping local and state prosecutors of the ability to prosecute police, placing that power in the hands of the federal government.
These extreme measures would be examples of a cures worse than any disease.  The flaws of special prosecutors are well-known and include lack of oversight and the almost inevitable tendency to single-mindedly pursue far-fetched legal theories.  Eugene Volokh’s posts on the dubious charges being pursued by the special prosecutor in the case against Texas Gov. Rick Perry provide one recent illustration of the problem. And placing power for prosecuting state and local police in the hands of federal authorities would actually make prosecution more difficult, as the federal government has only limited authority to pursue criminal charges against state officials.
A less extreme — and more politically and practically viable — solution to the problem is at hand.  States should consider transferring authority for the investigation and prosecution of police-caused deaths and other serious forms of alleged police misconduct to state attorneys general.   All 50 states have an attorney general.  In 43 states, the attorney general is popularly elected, and in most other states the attorney general is appointed — thus assuring some measure of political accountability.  State attorneys general also have some familiarity with prosecution, policing and law enforcement issues, meaning that they would have the expertise to overcome the challenges that complicated investigations into alleged police misconduct will inevitably pose.
Moving responsibility from investigating (and, if appropriate, prosecuting) police misconduct to state attorneys general would not involve a major restructuring of criminal justice systems.  In many states, the attorney general already possesses some ability to oversee and even step into local prosecutions. For example, in one 1997 case from New York, the governor directed the attorney general to take over a prosecution from the Bronx County district attorney where it appeared that the prosecutor was not going to enforce the state’s death penalty.  That kind of authority could be used or expanded to more broadly place state attorneys general in charge of investigations and prosecutions of police officers.
Moving responsibility from local prosecutors to attorneys general might also attract the kind of broad political support that will be necessary for making changes.  Those who believe that local prosecutors are too chummy with local police agencies should be pleased.  And law enforcement advocates might also be willing to repose trust in the popularly-elected, chief law enforcement officer of the state.
In my home state of Utah, the idea of moving responsibility for investigating police shootings to the Attorney General’s Office is under serious consideration.  Other states might do well to think about this approach as a compromise idea that brings greater credibility to whatever prosecutorial decisions are ultimately reached whenever substantial criminal allegations are lodged against police officers.
Full disclosure: I have informally consulted with the Utah Fraternal Order of Police about possible legislation that would change the way police shootings are investigated in Utah.
Update:  As reported by the Wall Street Journal, one idea for investigating police-caused deaths is to use an inquest – a procedure that used to exist in this country.  Another idea is to use private prosecutions (i.e., prosecutions brought by the aggrieved victim of the crime or his family) — something that I have blogged about previously.   In my post today, I focus on the idea of shifting responsibility to Attorneys General because I think it is realistic and politically-achievable.
Paul G. Cassell teaches criminal law, criminal procedure, and crime victims' rights at the S.J. Quinney College of Law at the University of Utah. He also served as a U.S. District Court Judge for the District of Utah from 2002 to 2007.

Mattis  Allen offer thoughts on Ashton CarterBy Dan Lamothe December 5 Follow @danlamothe
Ashton Carter listens as President Obama announces his nomination of Carter to be the next defense secretary in the Roosevelt Room at the White House on Friday. (Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images)
President Obama introduced former deputy defense Secretary Ashton B. Carter as his new defense secretary nominee on Friday by praising him as a reformer who has never been afraid to cancel old or inefficient weapons programs. But the president quickly added that Carter has demonstrated “relentless dedication” to the safety of U.S. troops, and has saved lives in the process.
“When he cut outdated, unneeded systems, he did it because he was trying to free up money for our troops to make sure they had the weapons and the gear that they needed and the quality of life for themselves and their families that they deserve,” Obama said. “When our troops in Iraq and Afghanistan were struggling to defend against roadside bombs, he moved heaven and earth to rush new body armor and vehicles.”
It’s one thing for a sitting president to praise his own nominee. But retired Marine Gens. John Allen and James Mattis offered very similar thoughts on Carter, a career bureaucrat and physicist, when contacted by Checkpoint. They described him as forward-thinking leader with a history of going above and beyond to help rank-and-file troops from the positions he has held.
President Obama named Ashton Carter as his nominee for secretary of defense during a news conference on Friday, saying that during his time as president, he "relied on [Carter's] expertise and...his judgment." (AP)
Allen, who is now coordinating the international response to the Islamic State militant group, said Carter consistently “bent the bureaucracies” in the Defense Department to do so, earning his gratitude.
“There are hundreds, perhaps even thousands of our troops alive today because Ash Carter led the charge on so many fronts in the Iraq and Afghan wars,” said Allen, who was the top U.S. commander in Afghanistan from July 2011 to February 2013.
Mattis, who retired as commanding general of U.S. Central Command in March 2013, said he first met Carter in the 1990s, when he was stationed in Washington and Carter was assistant secretary of defense for international security policy. Carter has always been helpful and concerned about what rank-and-file troops need on the battlefield, he said.
Carter’s reputation was earned in part by pushing new armored trucks known as Mine Resistant Ambush Protected vehicles, or MRAPs, to the field to protect combat troops from roadside bombs while serving under then-Defense Secretary Robert Gates on an “MRAP Task Force.” Carter described the effort in a Foreign Affairs article early this year .
“With the support of Congress (including substantial flexible funding) and the attention of the most senior Pentagon officials, we decided to focus above all on getting MRAPs made quickly, accepting significant tradeoffs on less important parameters, such as the number of troops each could carry and their suitability for other kinds of conflicts,” Carter wrote.
“We considered only mature technology and chose manufacturers based on their ability to deliver the vehicles as soon as possible,” he added. “The task force anticipated and helped alleviate potential industry bottlenecks that could have held up the process — for example, by paying to boost the production capacity of two tire-makers and by waiving regulations to allow the army to purchase specially hardened steel.”
More than 11,5000 MRAPs were built and shipped to Iraq in 27 months, more than 8,000 all-terrain MRAPs were sent to Afghanistan in 16 months, Carter recalled.
“Not only did these vehicles save thousands of lives,” Carter concluded, “They also showed just how much can be accomplished with the full backing of leaders in Congress and the administration.”
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

Financials lead Wall St higher; utilities lagWall Street dips in volatile trade; oil prices fall further
By Caroline Valetkevitch, Reuters
0
The S&P 500 energy index <.SPNY> bounced between positive and negative territory but ended down 0.7 percent after U.S. crude  settled off 3.3 percent at $55.91, hitting fresh 5-1/2 year lows. Both U.S. crude and Brent have fallen roughly 50 percent from highs in June.
"The question of lower global demand ... and how that translates into global economic growth, is a worry for investors," said Bucky Hellwig, senior vice president at BB&T Wealth Management in Birmingham, Alabama.
Utility and financial shares were also among the day's biggest losers, with shares of JPMorgan Chase  down 1.5 percent at $59.16.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> fell 99.99 points, or 0.58 percent, to 17,180.84, the S&P 500 <.SPX> lost 12.7 points, or 0.63 percent, to 1,989.63 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> dropped 48.44 points, or 1.04 percent, to 4,605.16.
The S&P 500 ended below its 50-day moving average in a sign of possible further selling.
Shares of pet supply retailer PetSmart  rose 4.2 percent to $80.97 after it agreed to be bought by a private equity consortium led by BC Partners Ltd for $8.7 billion, in the largest leveraged buyout of the year.
Among the day's economic numbers, U.S. manufacturing output recorded its largest increase in nine months in November as production expanded across the board, pointing to underlying strength in the economy. However, the New York Federal Reserve's gauge of manufacturing turned negative in December for the first time in almost two years.
About 8.4 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, above the 7.4 billion average for the last five sessions, according to BATS Global Markets.
NYSE declining issues outnumbered advancers 2,354 to 749, for a 3.14-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,962 issues fell and 790 advanced for a 2.48-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 10 new 52-week highs and 34 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 40 new highs and 179 new lows.
(Additional reporting by Rodrigo Campos; Editing by Bernadette Baum, Nick Zieminski and Meredith Mazzilli)

India needs greater focus on information securityIndia needs greater focus on information security
Jay Gruden goes full Zorn in interview. Never go full ZornBy Dan Steinberg December 5 Follow @dcsportsbog
(Joe Robbins/Getty Images)
“I feel like I’ve failed, in a lot of different ways,” Redskins Coach Jay Gruden told Tom Schad of the Washington Times this week . “When you have a lot of penalties, when you have a lot of turnovers, a lack of production in key situations — I think that’s a reflection of coaching, and I’m miserable in that regard. Obviously the record is what it is, and that’s no fun either. But coaches are judged on wins and losses. Period. And we’re 3-9, and it’s not a very good start. Not what I had hoped for, my first year of coaching.”
“It’s great to be a head coach, but if you don’t win, you’re not going to be a head coach for very long,” Gruden also told Schad. “I’ve accepted that. That’s why we work so hard at what we do. Ultimately, the wins have got to come or I’ll be gone — this year, next year, whatever. That’s just the way it is.”
These quotes were honest, and realistic, and likable, in a way. But they also reminded me of something Jim Zorn said during his first December in Washington.
People often forget this now, but for a couple months in the fall of 2008, Zorn was not a punchline. The Redskins started that season 6-2. They won in Dallas and Philadelphia on back-to-back weeks. Zorn was quirky and an odd choice to be head coach, but players seemed to be enjoying him, fans were loving the wins, and media members were taking note.
The Score gave Zorn its midseason Coach of the Year nod, writing that the Redskins were “the most efficient group in the NFL so far.” ESPN’s Matt Mosley named Zorn the midseason NFC East Coach of the Year, writing that “Zorn is the one who’s caught everyone by surprise. When I talked to Joe Gibbs on Monday (you like how I did that?), he couldn’t stop talking about the job Zorn has done.”
Leonard Shapiro included Zorn among the runners-up for midseason coach of the year , listing “Tennessee’s Jeff Fisher, New England’s Bill Belichick and any of the four rookie head coaches — Zorn, Mike Smith of Atlanta, John Harbaugh of Baltimore and Tony Sparano of Miami, all with winning records.” And here’s Boz, after the win over Dallas :
Jim Zorn may not be a made man quite yet in this town. Seasons are long, much less entire coaching careers. But he’s moving up the ladder awfully fast after a 26-24 victory over a Dallas team that’s touted as one of the Cowboys’ best and a Super Bowl contender.
Before the season was over, all that was long gone. Zorn feuded with Clinton Portis. He feuded with the media. The Redskins couldn’t stop losing. People openly wondered whether he’d be one-and-done. And the stage was set for the disaster of 2009.
If there was one unforgettable Zorn moment during that late-season slide, it came after a loss to Cincinnati in December .
“I always ask the players to be very honest when they look at the game, and be very self-critical,” Zorn said then. “And so that’s what I’m going to be to myself, just criticize my overall coaching [of] this football team. Where do I need to improve, not only on Sunday, but on Wednesday, on … all the game-planning, all the paying attention to the detail? Those are things that I need to make good use of this time, and I will, because it hurts. I feel — I just feel like the worst coach in America to have to lose the way we’re losing.”
“To me, it’s all about me,” Zorn also said. “And I need to check my plan of attack — and all of our staff. And then we need to reevaluate what we’re doing to see if we’re going in the right direction. I really believe we’re building a great foundation, but certainly, when these things get strung across the board, I certainly take — have to take, and do take — the responsibility for some of these games that just are not turning out like we have planned.”
That “worst coach in America” quote went everywhere. People refer to it still. It became emblematic of the Zorn years, even though it was issued before the real fiasco began.
“He’s not the worst coach in America, though it’s good he staked out that ground himself before others could come after him,” Michael Wilbon wrote .
“Mea Culpa Complex” was the headline on Mike Wise’s column .
“Be it in the football world, the business world, or simply life in general, this mind-set’s lack of focus on success all but assures that success won’t occur,” KC Joyner later wrote for the New York Times . “This became clear to the outside world by the end of the season when Zorn said, ‘I just feel like the worst coach in America to have to lose the way we are losing,’ but I think the team caught on to that almost from the start.”
Now, I don’t know about all that. And if you recall, the Redskins beat the high-flying Eagles the week after Zorn broke out his “worst coach in America” line.
But self-flagellation seems to work better for bloggers than for NFL coaches. Bland resolve seems a more reliable approach than skin-peeling self-criticism. And “I feel like I’ve failed, in a lot of different ways,” is maybe a sound bite to share with your family members or therapist, rather than the entire world.
(Note: Gruden was also criticized for excessive optimism  last month, after saying he thought the Redskins were better than their record. So he probably can’t win.)
(Note: I constantly feel like I’ve failed. In a lot of different ways. So we have that in common.)
(Note: The best Gruden quote in Schad’s piece was probably this one: “I’m getting fatter,” he joked, when discussing the perils of head coaching.)
Dan Steinberg writes about all things D.C. sports at the D.C. Sports Bog.

http://usat.ly/1FU6IcWNew Republic cuts print schedule as editors leave
Liberal politics magazine New Republic to cut print schedule to 10 issues a year as editor leaves.
Post to Facebook
New Republic cuts print schedule as editors leave Liberal politics magazine New Republic to cut print schedule to 10 issues a year as editor leaves. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1zWEgVK
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
2
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
New Republic cuts print schedule as editors leave
Roger Yu , USA TODAY 5:56 p.m. EST December 4, 2014
The New Republic, owned by Facebook co-founder Chris Hughes, will cut publishing schedule and change newsroom management.  [Via MerlinFTP Drop]
(Photo: Jason Gardner)
12 CONNECT 28 TWEET LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Two top editors at The New Republic are leaving as the liberal political magazine cuts its print publication schedule and plans to invest more in digital media.
Franklin Foer, the editor who oversaw the magazine from 2006 to 2010 and rejoined in 2012, is stepping down and will be replaced by Gabriel Snyder, who comes from Bloomberg Media and is a former editor of Gawker.
Leon Wieseltier, its literary editor who's worked at the magazine for more than 30 years, is also leaving.
The 100-year-old magazine also said it's moving its headquarters to New York from Washington, D.C.
Bought by Facebook co-founder Chris Hughes in March 2012, the magazine publishes 20 times a year but will cut its production schedule to 10 issues as part of "a recalibration of (its) resources" for digital products it plans to launch, wrote New Republic CEO Guy Vidra in a note to the staff.
"Given the frequency reduction, we will also be making some changes to staff structure," Vidra wrote. "This is not a decision we make lightly, but we believe this restructuring is critical to the long-term success of the company."
The New Republic plans to evolve as "a vertically integrated digital media company" that will presumably chase after digital advertising and sponsored events as new revenue sources.
"I've always had a hard time imagining leaving here. That moment, however, has arrived," Foer told staffers in a memo. "Chris and Guy have significant plans for this place. And their plans and my own vision for TNR meaningfully diverge."
Journalists and fans of the magazine took to Twitter to express their concern that the venerable magazine that touts original reporting and careful editing as its strengths is heading toward a digital media realm that rewards quick-churn stories and click-bait journalism.
"Dear @TNR and @chrishughes, please immediately remove me from your masthead as a Contributing Editor," tweeted Ryan Lizza, a Washington correspondent for the New Yorker magazine whose name appears on the New Republic's masthead.
Jonathan Chait, writer for New York magazine who once worked at the New Republic, tweeted: "I guess it goes without saying that I'm with @RyanLizza. @tnr please remove me from your contributing editors."
"I expect many others will follow (Foer and Wieseltier)," Chait wrote Thursday for New York magazine's website.
"At the magazine's 100th anniversary gala two weeks ago, where Hughes, Foer, Wieseltier, and Hughes's new CEO, Guy Vidra, all spoke, the speeches took a sharply, awkwardly divergent tone," Chait wrote. "Foer and Weiseltier gave soaring paeans to the magazine's immense role in shaping American liberal thought. Hughes and Vidra used words like 'brand' and boasted about page views, giving no sense of appreciation at all for the magazine's place in American life."
Snyder, who has also worked as editor of The Atlantic Wire, was hired because he has experience in traditional journalism and "understands what it takes to create content that will travel across all platforms," Vidra said. "He truly reflects the 'straddle generation' of journalists and editors," he said.
Hughes hired Vidra in September and the appointment underscored Hughes' intent to move the company in a new digital-first direction. Before he joined TNR, Vidra was the head of Yahoo News and previously worked as the head of business development and emerging media for The Washington Post.
12 CONNECT 28 TWEET LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1zWEgVK
USA NOW
Suspected family murderer has been found dead | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

U.N. experts raise concerns over grand jury decisions in Michael Brown and Eric Garner deathsBy Elahe Izadi December 5 Follow @ElaheIzadi
A protester argues with police officers during a protest over the grand jury verdict in the shooting death of Michael Brown, in Webster Grove, Mo., Dec. 2. (Reuters/Jim Young)
A group of United Nations human rights experts said Friday that they had “legitimate concerns” over decisions to not charge the white officers who killed two unarmed black men in separate incidents, and they also called for a review of policing in the United States.
The U.N. Special Rapporteur on minority issues Rita Izsák said in a statement that there was “apparent conflicting evidence” related to the summer killings of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Mo. , and Eric Garner on Staten Island in New York , and she urged jury trials as a more effective means of reviewing evidence in detail.
“The decisions leave many with legitimate concerns relating to a pattern of impunity when the victims of excessive use of force come from African-American or other minority communities,” she said.
The panel of experts belong to the U.N.’s Special Procedures of the Human Rights Council, a body of independent experts who monitor the status of human rights around the world. They also called for American officials to focus on recruiting minority police officers, in addition to improving community-police relationships.
Christof Heyns, U.N. special rapporteur on extrajudicial, summary or arbitrary executions, said the United States needed to have a “comprehensive review” of policing, including “the enabling laws, the kinds of weapons the police use, the training they receive, and the use of technology such as on-body cameras to ensure accountability.”
“The laws of many of the States in the U.S. are much more permissive [than international law], creating an atmosphere where there are not enough constraints on the use of force,” Heyns said.
Brown and Garner’s deaths and the grand jury decisions and protests that followed have attracted international criticism , and this isn’t the first time that officials and experts associated with the United Nations have weighed in on the cases. Brown’s parents testified before the U.N.’s torture committee in Switzerland last month about excessive police force.
Last week, the U.N. Committee Against Torture released a report that criticized the “excessive use of force by law enforcement officials, in particular against persons belonging to certain racial and ethnic groups.” Committee member Alessio Bruni called Brown’s death a “tragedy” and added that the committee has to respect the grand jury’s decision to not indict Wilson.
Elahe Izadi is a general assignment national reporter for The Washington Post.

SFO convictions under new bribery lawSFO gains its first convictions under new UK bribery law
Caroline Binham, Legal Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4798e8be-7ca2-11e4-9a86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The worst thing Ben Carson could do for Ben Carson is run for presidentBy Nia-Malika Henderson December 5 Follow @niawapo
Sharon and Jim Schear,of Annapolis, right, thank Dr. Ben Carson, left, after he completed brain surgery operation.
When President George W. Bush bestowed the Medal of Freedom, the nation's highest civilian award, on Ben Carson in 2008 he lauded him as a scholar, healer, and leader. He recounted Carson's up-from-poverty journey that led him to become one of the most celebrated and inspiring men in the country for his work in medicine. His books were best-sellers, lining the bookshelves of many homes, including my childhood home in small-town South Carolina.
His story and message was for everyone.
Carson's White House citation read :
Dr. Benjamin Carson is a pioneer in pediatric neurosurgery, and his life is a testament to the power of education, hard work, and faith. His groundbreaking contributions to medicine provide hope for people suffering neurological disorders, and his tireless outreach to America’s youth underscores the importance of academic achievement and humanitarian service. The United States honors Benjamin Carson for his skill, his vision, and his dedication to motivating others to strive for excellence.
A year later a movie was made about his life. In 2013 Carson retired as the head of the Division of Pediatric Neurosurgery at Johns Hopkins.
But somewhere along the way Carson got the political bug. And his career has taken an unexpected detour ever since. On his way out of practicing medicine, an uproar around comments he made about same sex marriage forced him to withdraw as commencement speaker at his university .
By some measures it has gone quite well since then for the surgeon-turned-politico.  A recent  CNN/ORC poll of Republicans showed Carson coming in second only to Mitt Romney as the preferred choice for the 2016 GOP nomination. His political standing led CNN to call him a "political phenomenon" and we've written about how he could make a mark in the 2016 field .
But, while he is likely to galvanize some parts of the social conservative segment of his party, he has almost no chance of winning.
That's one reason he should probably consider not running. But there is a better argument sitting out there. A Michael Jordan comparison is in order. Remember when Michael Jordan, the most celebrated basketball player ever, decided to retire the first time and take up baseball? Hopefully not.  It was a disaster, proving in embarrassing fashion that transcendent skill in one arena does not so easily transfer to another.
Take note, Dr. Carson.
(Conservatives will say this column is all about the mainstream media lining up against black conservatives. Political reporters and pundits supposedly gang up on black conservatives because they are rare and upend the idea that all blacks are  -- and should be?-- Democrats, the argument goes.  This is nonsense. Colin Powell and Condi Rice, anyone? They have both been reported on as plausible candidates.  Ben Carson isn't in their league.  Not even close.)
Carson is doing something odd, which has nothing to do with being a black Republican. Rather than trading up, as can happen with presidential candidates who run credible races, he is trading down. Way down.
He is now a staple of conservative cable news, yet another talking head on the already-crowded political landscape. Carson has traded a stature that had afforded him a much earned authority on issues like education and health care for a role as a conservative hero to a relatively narrow wing of the GOP.  He is now playing small ball on an overcrowded stage -- and he's not even doing that very well at the moment.
This week included several low lights. On conservative Christian radio he blamed feminism for what happened in Ferguson, Missouri .
I think a lot of it really got started in the '60s with the "me" generation. "What’s in it for me?" I hate to say it, but a lot of it had to do with the women’s lib movement. You know, "I’ve been taking care of my family, I’ve been doing that, what about me?" You know, it really should be about us.
And then there was his turn on CNN, where he sat for an almost 30-minute interview.   His latest fight against alleged political corectness -- a favorite Carson hobby horse -- was over comparing the present day United States to Nazi Germany.  His response to Wolf Blitzer, who reminded him that he was talking about "the slaughter of six million Jews by the Nazis, the devastation that erupted in Europe and around the world," was this:
Again, you are just focusing on the words ‘Nazi Germany’ and completely missing the point … and that’s the problem right now. That’s what PCism is all about. You may not say this word, regardless of what your point is. Because if you say that word, I go into a tizzy. We can do better than that. When I was a child, and when you were a child, they used to say, ‘Sticks and stones break my bones, words will never hurt me.’ What ever happened to that? We need to get to the point where we can look beyond the word and look for the meaning.
One of the world's most renowned surgeons, with a biography that is incredibly compelling, fought over his right to compare the contemporary United States to Nazi Germany. On national television.
Yes, it's his right to do that, and some (very, very, very few people probably) might say it is a worthy one. But it is a throwaway fight, fit for cable news but utterly beneath someone like Carson.
Look, if Carson runs (and he probably will) he will cement his role as a conservative firebrand, appealing to "teavangelicals."  He might get a talk show.  Maybe another book deal, higher speaking fees, more hits on cable news.  All good things sure, but ultimately really ordinary and not at all in short supply.
Carson had been that rare, above-it-all figure, someone who could command a broad audience with his remarkable story and unparalleled surgical skill. In joining the political fray so actively (and fervently) the Ben Carson brand is changed -- and diminished.
 

Readers weigh in developers proposal to close part of I-395 in D.C.Readers aren’t hiding their feelings about a developer’s proposal to shut down a portion of I-395 for more than a year to expedite a construction project.
Property Group Partners is seeking approval to close a portion of the Third Street tunnel between New York Avenue and D Street NW for 15 to 18 months. But some folks on Twitter say this is simply “the worst idea in the history of ever,” “a uniquely terrible idea” and “sheer insanity.”
Traffic Disaster. And no really good way to get to Union station from VA Developer seeks to close part of I-395 http://t.co/AMwCyM8BqC
— Jack Censer (@JackatCHSS) December 5, 2014
Mind-bogglingly stupid. MT @drgridlock Developer wants part of I-395 in DC shut down 2 expedite construction project http://t.co/2zHl5NRMae — Brian C. Lee (@baronpen) December 5, 2014
INSANE! Developer wants portion of I-395 in D.C. shut down to expedite construction project http://t.co/FyvwhgqGk9
This would be ridiculous — shutting 395 for over a year http://t.co/5MeDG4AOt7 — Luke Johnson (@johnson) December 5, 2014
Plz Plz Plz tell those of us in DC area that the FHA is NOT considering the request of a developer to shut down portions of 395! @USDOTFHWA
— Janine Marie Tobias (@DCJerseyGirl) December 5, 2014
The developer says closing the nearly mile-long stretch of highway will allow construction of a $200 million deck over the freeway’s entrance to be done more safely and quickly. The deck will support the 2.2-million-square-foot Capitol Crossing, one of the city’s most anticipated developments.
Some people question whether the closure idea was even brought up during the negotiations of the development years ago, and others contemplate the possibility of a closure.
@IMGoph Here’s the funny thing: as far as I recall, developer never once mentioned closure of 395 during many months of their PUD process.
— Mark Eckenwiler (@20002ist) December 5, 2014
If you can close it down at all, why bother re-opening it? Traffic evaporation? Extract $ from developer for metro http://t.co/rDfSm6D88w — Michael Alvino (@MichaelAlvino) December 5, 2014
Although it seems the general reaction among readers is in opposition to a potential highway closure, some city officials and business leaders have said that it is worth considering, based on the value Capitol Crossing will bring to the city. The Federal Highway Administration is reviewing the request and is expected to decide whether the shutdown is feasible.
Luz Lazo writes about transportation and development. She has recently written about the challenges of bus commuting, Metro’s dark stations, and the impact of sequestration on air travel.

Sensex down 105 points  logs 1st weekly drop in 2 monthsSensex down 105 points  logs 1st weekly drop in 2 months
Fire destroys electronics godown in MahipalpurBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 6, 2014 1:18 am
A fire broke out in an electric appliances godown in Mahipalpur, gutting gadgets worth thousands of rupees. The incident was reported on Friday evening from Tata Telco lane where a Tata Motors showroom is located.
Thirty-two fire tenders were rushed to the spot and the fire was brought under control within half an hour, Fire department officials said. Four loaders who were working on the second floor of the building were trapped, but people in the area helped rescue them. No casualties were reported, Fire department officials said.
“The fire started from the godown of an e-appliance store which stocks electronic appliances meant for dispatch. It seems that the cardboard in the basement caught fire from a short circuit. Since aluminium and copper wires and other inflammable substances were stocked in the godown, the fire spread. The guard of the godown saw smoke coming from the basement and raised the alarm. He informed the manager and alerted the Fire department,” a senior police officer said.
“People from adjacent showrooms came to help douse the fire and also helped four loaders out of the building. No one was injured in the incident,” a police officer said.
Police said the estimated cost of the appliances that were destroyed in the fire is yet to be ascertained.
“We have registered a case and ordered an enquiry into the matter. Prima facie, it seems that a short circuit caused the fire. But nothing has been established,” a senior police officer said.

Mau mishap: Another child dies  toll 6By: Express News Service | Allahabad |
Posted: December 6, 2014 1:16 am
The toll in the accident, in which a van carrying schoolchildren was hit by a passenger train near Khurhat railway station in Mau district, has gone up to six. The five injured children continued to be serious, but stable.
SP (Mau), A K Shukla said: “One of the six children, who were referred to BHU hospital in Varanasi succumbed to injuries late Thursday night.” The victim has been identified as Sahil (5), son of Vinod, a resident of Mahaso village.
Chief Medical Officer (Mau) Nand Lal Yadav said all the children referred to BHU were in ICU. “Their condition is serious, but stable. However, we have to keep our fingers crossed over the next two days. The doctors are facing problems because they are all young children and have sustained serious head injuries,” said Yadav. The body of Sahil, who succumbed Thursday evening, was being brought to Mahaso village. Gram pradhan Ramu Yadav said: “Almost all the children are from Mahaso village. The entire village is mourning.”
Kamlesh Yadav, whose two sons died and another was injured, was yet to arrive as he works in Mumbai.
Yadav said the van, which met with the accident, had been provided by Dharmdev Convent School itself but there was never any case of misbehaviour or rash driving by the driver. The driver, Suvinder, is in the private hospital.

Srinagar attack puts Delhi on high alertBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 6, 2014 1:15 am
VIP areas including India Gate, Parliament, Rashtrapati Bhavan will be watched very closely.Following intelligence inputs, the Delhi Police have put the capital on high alert. Increased deployment of armed police in crowded areas along with redeployment of PCR vans and strict watch over strategic and sensitive areas have been ordered, sources said.
“After developments in Srinagar, some intelligence inputs were received. On the basis of that, the capital has been put on high alert. It is just a precautionary measure to ensure security. We have decided to increase the number of pickets guarding several areas, night visibility of police personnel and patrolling rounds in all areas. Close watch over sensitive areas will also be ensured. For this, all units of the district police, the para military force, SWAT teams and the reserved force have been engaged,” sources said.
Police said orders have been sent out to re-deploy PCR vans and increase patrolling in all areas.
“The CCTV cameras installed in market places, malls and Metro stations have been checked to see that they are functioning properly. VIP areas including India Gate, Parliament, Rashtrapati Bhavan will be watched very closely. Armed policemen will be deployed at all strategic locations and all the station house officers have been asked to prepare a daily report about security arrangements of their areas,” a police officer said.

Passengers from Ebola-hit nations can deplane at only 7 airportsWritten by Anuradha Mascarenhas | Pune |
Posted: December 6, 2014 1:13 am
Passengers arriving from Ebola-hit countries will now be allowed to enter India at only seven airports — Bangalore, Chennai, Kochi, Delhi, Hyderabad, Kolkata and Mumbai.
Union Health Secretary Luv Verma said a communication in this regard had already been sent to the Ministry of External Affairs. “In any case, we found that 95 per cent of the passengers disembark at these airports,” Verma said. He added that the strategy was in line with the US protocol to check the spread of the disease. Health officials said the new rules would also apply on passengers who have used transit flights on their way to India. They added that the matter has been referred to civil aviation authorities and concerned airlines.
Sources said the restrictions were aimed at streamlining the screening process and ensuring a thorough scan of passengers. For example, Maharashtra authorities conducted a follow-up exercise on 221 passengers who had visited these countries following the outbreak.
When contacted, Sujata Sounik, state principal health secretary, said a new virus was a challenge to the entire health system. “While there are efforts around the world to prepare a new vaccine, newer drugs and introduce new protocols, we at our end are doing all that we can to prevent the virus from entering the country. Since there is no cure it is a bit scary, but at the end of the day, research on drug development is underway at breakneck speed and we will be soon able to manage this disease,” Sounik told The Indian Express. She added that the government has insisted that basic protocols should be followed and is also focusing on good isolation facilities.
Notably, the Emergency Medicine Relief (EMR) department of the Health Ministry recently held a video-conference with health secretaries of 15 states to discuss new measures to prevent the Ebola virus from entering the country. The EMR has also called for training rapid response teams in rural areas.

Now  PWD will maintain BRT corridor: L-GWritten by Shalini Narayan | New Delhi |
Posted: December 6, 2014 1:11 am
Lieutenant-Governor of Delhi Najeeb Jung has approved the handing over of the Bus Rapid Transport (BRT) corridor to the Public Works Department for maintenance and to the Traffic police for the operation of its signalling system.
The Transport department has written to secretary, PWD, and other government departments concerned, intimating them of the matter.
The 14.5-km BRT corridor from Ambedkar Nagar to Delhi Gate — only 5.8 km is operational currently — will be handed over to the PWD which will be responsible for maintenance of the stretch and streetlights.
The project has been embroiled in various controversies since its inception in 2008 and was being handled and maintained by the Delhi Integrated Multi-modal Transit System (DIMTS).
In a letter to secretary, PWD, on Friday, Special Commissioner (Planning and Projects) Kuldeep Gangar said, “The existing BRT Corridor from Ambedkar Nagar to Delhi Gate — i.e 14.5 km of the entire stretch — will be handed over to the PWD for all purposes for its operation and maintenance. The intelligent signalling system, presently maintained by DIMTS, shall now be maintained by the Delhi Traffic Police.”
The letter further said, “The streetlights on the BRT corridor shall be hereafter maintained by the PWD. Revenue earnings from the Bus Queue Shelters (BQS) on the BRT corridor shall be paid to the Delhi Transport Infrastructure Development Corporation Ltd (DTIDC) and the maintenance of the BQS will also be looked after by the DTIDC”.
Sources in the Transport department said on November 26, the department had sent a note to the L-G, proposing handing over the entire project to the PWD.
“The proposal had been in the pipeline for quite sometime now. We had sent the L-G the file and had proposed that the maintenance be handed over to the PWD and the intelligent signalling system to the Traffic police. Considering that the PWD is the road-owning agency for the BRT stretch, it makes sense that it maintains it. The Transport department does not have its own engineering experts, something the PWD has. It will be easier for the agency to maintain it,” a senior Transport official said.
However, a senior PWD official said, “The PWD had been maintaining the road till the BRT came into being and the project was handed over to DIMTS. We have always objected to the idea stating that the corridor needed to be a closed system which would not obstruct traffic movement. The idea is to allow people who enter the network to travel anywhere inside the network. Moreover, the present corridor is not even complete. Only if the government asks us to construct the remaining corridor till Delhi Gate, will we do so.”
In 2013, former Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit had admitted that the BRT was a mistake. Later, the AAP government had made the scrapping of the corridor part of its election manifesto.

Putin  Modi to chalk out roadmap for cooperationBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 6, 2014 1:08 am | Updated: December 6, 2014 3:29 pm
Russian President Vladimir Putin and Prime Minister Narendra Modi will spell out their vision for cooperation in key areas, including defence and nuclear energy, on December 11 as two sides are looking at inking 15-20 pacts during the nearly 20-hour-long visit of Putin.
The visit is expected to impart new dynamism to “special and privileged” Indo-Russia ties and the two sides will be taking stock of the current state of relations apart from discussing ways to significantly enhance bilateral trade from the current $10 billion during the 15th summit meeting.
Putin will hold detailed talks with Modi both in restricted and delegation-level formats. He will also call on President Pranab Mukherjee who will hold a banquet for him. Sources said specific discussions are likely to take place on various key projects, including the envisaged
gas pipeline linking Russia with India and the ambitious Fifth Generation Fighter Aircraft (FGFA) programme.
Further cooperation in the nuclear energy area is also likely to figure prominently during the talks.
“President Putin’s visit is a landmark event and is expected to provide fresh impetus to the existing bilateral relations between the two countries. The dominant theme of this summit will be the spelling out by the two leaders a joint vision of our relationship for the next decade,” Ajay Bisaria, Joint Secretary (EURASIA) in the MEA, said.
He said the vision document will provide a roadmap to enhance partnership between two countries to a “qualitatively new level” in key areas of nuclear energy, hydrocarbons, trade and defence.
Putin, who will be accompanied by a high-level delegation of officials and corporate leaders from Russia, and Modi are expected to jointly interact with CEOs of major companies from both the countries as well.

L-G reinstates historian 10 years after action on charges of sexual harassmentWritten by Shyamlal Yadav | New Delhi |
Posted: December 6, 2014 1:05 am
Professor Makhan Lal, who was suspended from Delhi Institute of Heritage Research and Management (DIHRM) on allegations of sexual harassment in 2004 and later sacked, has now been reinstated “with all consequential benefits”.
Prof Lal rejoined DIHRM on November 21 following an order issued by Delhi L-G Najeeb Jung who recorded his “severe displeasure” at the way the historian was kept out by the then Delhi government under Sheila Dikshit, disregarding a note from the then L-G Tejinder Khanna.
On January 6, 2010, Khanna had pointed out that Prof Lal had to be reinstated as the disciplinary action against him was not initiated by the relevant authority, in this case the L-G. Khanna reiterated that view in a note on April 22, 2010.
But the Delhi government had, in the meantime, sought advice from the then Attorney General of India Goolam Vahanvati who noted on July 28, 2010 that the L-G was not the disciplinary authority for Prof Lal but “the Board of Management of DIHRM”.
On August 16, 2010, DIHRM’s Vice-Chairman K K Chakraborty, on behalf of the board, issued orders for the “removal” of Prof Lal.
The action against Prof Lal was based on reports from a National Commission for Women (NCW) panel of Nafisa Hussain and Nirmala Sitharaman, who is now a Minister of State, and an internal panel of the Guru Gobind Indraprastha University, following a complaint filed in November 2003 that he had allegedly passed lewd remarks in the presence of girl students.
The complaint alleged that Prof Lal told the students, who were travelling to Khajuraho and Bhubaneshwar that “girls must carry their bikinis if they want to enjoy the beaches of Puri”.
He is also alleged to have told two girl students: “Jab mein jharne se guzarta hoon tab mein nanga ghoomta hoon, kapde apne haath mein liye hue (When I pass through a waterfall, I do so naked and with my clothes in my hand).”
When contacted, Prof Lal denied the allegations. “The allegations against me were politically motivated and part of a conspiracy hatched by my professional opponents,” he said, adding that his reinstatement had nothing to do with the arrival of a new government at the Centre.

For a better experience on your device  try our .for a better experience on your device  try our .
Want to sell flowers or braid hair Get a licensewant to sell flowers or braid hair get a license
The Business Architecture Guild and the Business Architects Association join forces  consolidating business architecture thought leaders & contentThe Business Architecture Guild and the Business Architects Association join forces  consolidating business architecture thought leaders & content
Vishal pitty son  1 more call for u free of cost  not 35000 rs per mon...Platinum Member
290 Followers
Reposted about 5 days 6 hrs 34 min 57 sec ago by New Boarder and 1 others
vishal pitty son, 1 more call for u free of cost, not 35000 rs per month.
buy cairn india at 250-253 sl 248 on 30 minute candle, target 270 . if 248 breaks than short immediaely with sl 255 target 225. all spot number.
u will earn 18000 rs per lot.
what more u want from ur uncle.
if anything needed more tell me,  i will help u.  ur father was my best friend on mmb.

Dear josese bro pls hv a look on vimta labs....bought @98...cmp 95..is...Platinum Member
842 Followers
Go with Nitin Spinners rather than Synthetic . Nitin is a larger company and has had several upgrades in past year for its credit ratings . Nitin has also been working on a expansion project which should add 75% to the overall topline, means it`s profit could easily . Servicing a huge debt could b a bit hard but Nitin has reduced plenty debt before even in bad debt , It can do pretty well in good times . Nitin is much better in my opinion than Synthetic .
Virinchi Tech i have explained it on Kellton board already .
In reply to : shaan2525 message
1.18 AM Dec 6th

Sorry wrong link posted now seeCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Relax. no one pays almost 2% fee to merchant bankers. fee will be arou...Gold Member
16 Followers
Are the Promoters of this company Nuts, for raising 60 Crore Only, they doing QIP, for doing QIP they will pay some investment banker, his fees of 1 Crore or more, Tell The Promoters to approach some of the big investors from INDIA and outside, give them their presentation, what the company is gonna do in the next 5-10 yrs, if the investors (HNI`s) get excited, they will pour in money to the company.
3.30 AM Nov 29th

SAIL share sale floor price fixed at Rs 83; may fetch Rs 1 700crDirect equity set to top FDs as biggest asset class in FY15: Report
Government’s five per cent stake in steel giant SAIL will be sold at a floor price of Rs 83 per share tomorrow, which can raise Rs 1,500-1,700 crore for the exchequer in the first disinvestment under the new regime.
“Government expects to garner Rs 1,500 crore to Rs 1,700 crore from SAIL disinvestment. Floor price will be Rs 83 and retail investors will get a discount of 5 per cent,” an official said after a meeting on SAIL disinvestment in the Finance Ministry.
The SAIL offering would be the first PSU share sale under the new government, which targets to raise Rs 43,425 crore through share sales in various state-owned firms during the ongoing fiscal.
Retail investors would get a discount of 5 per cent to the bid price in the SAIL offering.
The floor price of Rs 83/share indicates a 2.75 per cent discount to the closing price of SAIL scrip that ended 0.35 per cent down at Rs 85.35 on the BSE.
The sale of 5 per cent stake, or about 20.65 crore shares, of SAIL at the current market price would fetch the exchequer about Rs 1,700 crore.
As much as 10 per cent of the offered shares has been reserved for retail investors, who can buy shares worth up to Rs 2 lakh in the share sale. A minimum of 25 per cent of the issue size would be reserved for mutual funds and insurance companies.
The Cabinet had in July 2012 approved a 10.82 per cent stake sale in SAIL. Accordingly, the first tranche of disinvestment of 5.82 per cent was completed in March 2013.
The government has lined up a host of PSUs to pare its holdings. The disinvestment plan includes 5 per cent stake sale in ONGC, 10 per cent in Coal India and 11.36 per cent in NHPC.
HSBC Securities, Deutsche Equities, J P Morgan India are among the six merchant bankers advising the SAIL stake sale.
While the new government assumed power in late May, there have been no PSU share sale so far in the current fiscal. During the previous 2013-14 fiscal, government has raised Rs 1,500 crore from sale of SAIL shares while the entire disinvestment proceeds stood at over Rs 16,000 crore.
TAGS: SAIL
More from indianmarkets

Short View: ECBs divisionLast updated: December 4, 2014 7:33 pm
ECB division on wording fails to impress
James Mackintosh
Markets expect much from next ECB meeting. If Mr Draghi does not deliver, fall-out will be painful
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c76327ae-7bd4-11e4-a695-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Gift Guide: expensive but worth it© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/181dc3ae-7aed-11e4-b630-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

How KlutchClub inspired a Chicago-based data-driven incubator0
Bashkin launched KlutchClub in April 2012 to help emerging brands gather market insights to better understand what contributed to their success or failure. She used the subscription model as a way to test and prove the markets for those new products.
“While we knew it was going to be a data play, we didn’t know what form that data would take or what the actual product was,” she said.
Her initial hypothesis was that the brands would eventually pay for the research. By summer 2013, she launched the then-unnamed incubator for health and wellness packaged-goods brands, taking equity in the brands in exchange for helping them gather data and get retail placement and investment. Over time, she realized that it was more lucrative to be an incubator than a data company.
“Say we have a 10 percent stake in a company and that company sells for $100 million,” Bashkin said. "That’s a $10 million payout for us. Kraft is never going to pay us $10 million for this data.”
KC Brands actually spun off from KlutchClub, which had a business-to-business component and a business-to-consumer component, both under the KlutchClub name. Bashkin says she sold the business-to-consumer assets and the KlutchClub name to Bestowed but kept the B2B business and spun that into the incubator.
Neither Bashkin nor Bestowed would disclose terms of the sale. But Bashkin called Bestowed a “natural fit” to take over the business. “KlutchClub was a data play,” she said. “Bestowed is focused on the consumer.”
It marked Bestowed’s first acquisition, and it expanded the company’s subscriber base beyond its East Coast and West Coast presence, said CEO Ross Bauer. “With KlutchClub, we’ve got representation in the middle of the country.”
He expects the company to ship 60,000 boxes of healthy-lifestyle food and beverage products in 2014, up from 15,000 last year. KlutchClub wouldn’t disclose its subscriber figures.

Column: Agro exports decline worrisomeMake in India needs a tax boost
If one glances through media reports on agro commodities over the last six months, large exports  by the US, Brazil, Argentina, Russia, Ukraine, France, Romania and Australia, of wheat, soy, soymeal, corn and sugar can be seen. India is conspicuous by its absence. The year 2014-15 is annus horribilis for Indian agro exports. The accompanying chart captures all commodities in the negative zone for exports—soymeal (-87%), corn (-67%), all oilseed extractions (-41%), wheat (-30%) and sugar (-17%)—at this point of time. Except rice, all exportable commodities are languishing for price parity. The estimated export of all Indian cereals/meals was about 24 million tonnes (mt) in2013-14. It may not exceed 16-17 mt in 2014-15, with rice alone contributing 10 mt. A 30% shortfall in quantitative terms in the agro sector is foreseen as of now. It is a nightmare for all traders, exporters and policymakers who revelled last year over India’s export competitiveness.
The fall in crude price from $115 (June 2014) to $70 per barrel may be a divine intervention for India’s CAD but it will influence cuts in biodiesel/ethanol production. Edible oil prices will plunge more. That will be extremely bearish for soy, corn and sugar. India continues to rely upon the current yield pattern of soy and corn of 1 tonne and 2.5 tonnes per hectare, respectively. The impact of the currency depreciation of Black Sea and South American countries, and the falling crude prices will compel Indian agro exports to become a trickle.
India must decide whether it wants to be a marginal player or have a permanent presence in international markets and whether we want our farm economy to be a world-class, competitive business or a high-cost, non-remunerative activity.
The world soy and corn prices are flexible (can withstand high volatility) because of high yields attained through hybrid and GMO technologies to which India largely remains insulated. For example, India has a crushing capacity of 80,000 tonnes per day and that requires 24 mt soybeans annually (300 working days) while our current production hovers at 11-12 mt in the best years. GM soy yields about 3 tonnes per hectare. GM corn gives 5-10 tonnes per hectare. Application of the latest technology is the only viable strategy where we can triple our output. If GM crops are being deemed environmentally safe by the US, Brazil and Argentina, and if China is making abundant use of them, why are our policymakers delaying the introduction of GM crops?
Though India has settled the concerns of trade distortion over its public stock holdings with a permanent peace clause at the WTO, its export subsidies remain under the prohibited category. Large public stocks alone are not the only factor responsible for trade distortion. Take the case of steep depreciation in the currencies (30-40%) of Russia and Ukraine, triggered by sanctions and counter-sanctions due to geopolitical convulsions; these have also distorted world markets of wheat, corn, soy, edible oils, etc. There should be a provision at the WTO for calibrated subsidisation of exports at the absolute discretion of any affected government when markets are destabilised by hegemonies of powerful nations or a group of nations. Today, Indian trade is looking for weather-related problems in other parts of the world—with a prayer of price parity—and also hoping that a strong dollar with some imminent depreciation in the rupee helps. Since markets are dynamic and not static, only optimism lets the trade survive.
Recently, the Bangladesh government received wheat offers of $270/mt landed at Chittagong from the Black Sea nations and France, the inference being that international wheat prices are $225/mt fob (excluding a freight charge of $45/mt) whereas Indian wheat, from the open market, will cost about $275 fob at Kandla. This is partly attributable to excessive procurement by the government and the resultant squeezing of availability of stocks in the open market, given the government is hoarding about 10 mt of extra wheat at the taxpayers’ expense.
Global wheat prices are showing signs of recovery, of about 6-7% since the last week, and if the food ministry takes the initiative of commencing short-term tendered offerings in next four months, 2-3 mt of “milling” wheat could be shipped out based on the last year’s nominal MEP of $260 to the Middle-East and Africa (Australian wheat is at $270 fob).
States such as Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, Telangana, etc, have arbitrarily intervened for procurement of corn at MSPs that are much above the market price. Not only have the lower prices available to the poultry industry been affected, the viability of any limited exports has diminished too. Latin American and Black Sea corn is at $180 pmt fob, while Indian corn costs $215 fob.
Indian soymeal is offered at $480 pmt fob, with no takers, vis-a-vis the $430-440/mt fob offfered by Brazil and Argentina. Market players believe that India’s high soybean prices are the result of some select players concluding soymeal deals with Iran, under the rupee payment arrangement, well above the prevailing market price—of around $700/mt last year. Farmers have tasted blood and acquired the financial muscle to hold on to beans at the cost of starving crushing capacity. Traditional markets (such as Middle-East, Far East and the EU) of soymeal remain underserved by India and have been lost to competitors. Pro rata edible oil is unavailable domestically, thus pushing for higher imports of oil—currently about 12 mt per annum. The industry has appealed the government for a hike in import duty on edible oil to protect their interest—cheaper imported oil versus expensive oil crushed locally!
Brazilian raw sugar is so cheap that it is selling at 90 c/lb or $20/mt discount at the New York ICE futures. Landed price of Brazilian raw sugar in the UAE will be around $365/mt versus $415/mt for that of Indian origin. The viability of Indian business depends upon the R3,300/mt ($53) marketing subsidy by the government which defies the WTO. There is a big question-mark on this subsidy. Unless the nuisance of fixing irrational state advisory price (SAP) for sugarcane is resolved, the momentum in sugar export cannot be built. Sudan, Somalia, the UAE, Bangladesh, Iran, Sri Lanka and Yemen would remain targeted markets if parity with Brazil is attained.
In this complex market of varied commodities, the government cannot do much except that allowing the application of newer technologies in agriculture, taking up with the WTO the case of permissible export subsidies given world markets are distorted by deep depreciation in currencies due to geopolitical reasons, and offloading FCI wheat stocks at market prices .
The author is a grains trade expert
TAGS: CAD WTO
More from fecolumnist
Column: Look beyond inflation-targeting By not reducing policy rates, RBI is, in effect, dampening investment and, consequently, employment generation...

Editorial: Is telecoms ordeal overBiz leaders in manufacturing sector optimistic about next  year: Survey
With the defence ministry finally accepting the telecom ministry’s proposal to swap 15MHz of spectrum in the critical 2100MHz frequency band, as FE reported on Thursday, the decks are finally cleared for a big-bang auction in February. Given the severe spectrum shortage, the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (Trai) has been batting for this for months. For some reason, however, the telecom ministry was comfortable with the idea of two auctions, one for 2G spectrum (900/1800MHz spectrum frequency bands) in February and another for 3G spectrum (2100MHz spectrum frequency band) in May. Given incumbent operators with licences expiring in the 900MHz frequency band have no option but to win them back, this would have increased the auction price dramatically. These operators have 184MHz of spectrum between them in 18 circles, so that’s around 10MHz in each circle. So with just one more bidder, say a Reliance Jio, the bids will skyrocket.
A good way to understand this is to look at the results of the last few auctions. In the auctions in 2010, firms were scrambling for spectrum, so in the 2100MHz spectrum frequency band, they paid 4.8 times the base price in the auction. In the auctions held earlier this year, however, with enough 1800MHz spectrum as a back-up in case firms didn’t win back their 900MHz spectrum, they paid 1.2 times the base price for the 900MHz spectrum and 1.28 times for the 1800MHz spectrum frequency band. With the defence ministry now agreeing to the swap of 15MHz in the 2100MHz frequency band, this means there will be 270MHz—15MHz into 18 circles—of additional spectrum in the next auction. With enough spectrum, there will be no mad rush for spectrum this time around and firms will bid only at economically viable levels.
But, the argument may still be, what if the defence doesn’t actually vacate the 2100MHz spectrum on time, what if this is a few months late? The budget needs the money desperately, so the government cannot possibly take a chance and must have a two-stage auction. While that sounds logical, there are two problems with it. One, if bids get to astronomical levels, telcos will simply jack up tariff levels and hapless consumers will have no option but to bear with this. Two, there is nothing which says the government has to have the spectrum at the time of the auctions. In the 700MHz spectrum frequency band auctions in the US in 2008, the spectrum was given to telcos only towards the end of 2009; and in the current AWS spectrum auctions in the US, telcos know they will not get the spectrum for another 1-2 years. Indeed, in the 2010 auctions of 2100MHz spectrum in India, the government’s bid document itself said the spectrum would be released only after a few months. And in the case of the February 2014 auctions, the government has still not completely released the spectrum won by the firms. In the same manner, the February 2015 auctions can bid out 2100MHz spectrum even without the telecom ministry actually having the spectrum in hand—in any case, firms bidding to win back their 900MHz licences don’t need the 2100MHz spectrum till October next year which is when the first batch of licences start expiring. There is really no excuse for not conducting a big-bang spectrum auction.
TAGS: Telecom Regulatory Authority Of India TRAI
More from economy
Tamil Nadu govt floats tenders for 11 lakh laptops The Tamil Nadu government has floated tenders for issuing about 11 lakh computers to students under the free laptop...

Editorial: Restarting the tax durbarBiz leaders in manufacturing sector optimistic about next  year: Survey
Given the success of the tax forum headed by Parthasarathi Shome in creating a platform for open discussion of tax-related problems towards the end of the UPA regime, it is a good thing finance minister Arun Jaitley has decided to formalise the mechanism—while industry can always discuss its problems with tax officials, the tax forum introduces independent experts which helps paper over many problems as well as imparts a degree of impartiality to the process. But the real test of the panel will be whether it succeeds in finding a workable way in dealing with complicated tax issues like retrospective taxation or handling of transfer pricing orders. The Shome tax durbar’s remit, unfortunately, was limited to administrative issues. Though the tax forum did solve 29 direct taxes and 47 indirect taxes issues, this never stopped the taxman from carrying on with its high-pitched assessments—to that extent, this robbed the tax durbar of some of its legitimacy.
This is probably the reason why the Tax Administration Reforms Commission (TARC)—also headed by Shome—in its report, has suggested creation of a permanent body on the lines of the tax forum to deal with the tax disputes. The TARC wants the two tax boards to respond to the suggestions of the panel on administrative as well as policy matters within a fixed time-frame, say three months, and if this is not done, the issue is to be put up before the finance minister. Considering the difficulties in getting the taxman implement the decisions taken by outside experts or forum, it remains to be seen whether an institutionalised mechanism will introduce transparency and will help provide quick remedies. It is clear, though, that if India’s tax system is to be made more friendly, and the taxman is to not waste his time chasing frivolous cases—the taxman loses 88% of the cases in the Supreme Court and 79% in the tribunals—the forum needs to be suitably empowered. Failing which, the forum will become a bit like the Rangachary committee which, after holding discussions with industry, came out with formulations on transfer-pricing that were mostly not accepted by the taxman. The ball is in finance minister Jaitley’s court.
TAGS: Arun Jaitley Parthasarathi Shome
More from economy
Tamil Nadu govt floats tenders for 11 lakh laptops The Tamil Nadu government has floated tenders for issuing about 11 lakh computers to students under the free laptop...

Questions of JusticeBiz leaders in manufacturing sector optimistic about next  year: Survey
The Supreme Court’s move to set up a social justice bench—one that takes up cases relating to the rights of the people granted through the Constitution and various legislations—seems to be in the right earnest. For one, the special bench will ensure that such cases are decided faster. Second, it will make sure that what has been promised to the people in terms of welfare, whether it is food through the PDS or the Food Security Act or even medical care, is delivered. Third, its focus will be on the specific concerns that afflict women and children, two very vulnerable groups.
However, the ambit of social justice could be very liberally interpreted. For instance, will divestment and privatisation of PSUs be treated as a social justice issue if the trade unions were to contend that workers’ rights are violated in the process? If so, then many cases could be made to fit the bill and we would be back to square one on the question of addressing pendency. Second, the stated intent is also deliberations on the “responsibilities of the state”. This becomes fertile ground for judicial overreach, especially in a scenario where crucial reforms, proposed and underway, are set to redefine the role of the state in the lives of citizens. Therefore, the apex court must first address the definitional issues foreseen.
TAGS: Food Security Act
More from economy
Tamil Nadu govt floats tenders for 11 lakh laptops The Tamil Nadu government has floated tenders for issuing about 11 lakh computers to students under the free laptop...

Corridors of Power: Getting the missing taxpayersMake in India needs a tax boost
India’s tax story has been a case of ‘missing taxpayers’ for quite some time. Despite the continued stress on expanding the tax base, especially income tax, very little has been achieved in terms of increasing the number of taxpayers though tax collections have grown considerably (see chart).
Clearly, the increase in tax collection has camouflaged the failure of the taxman (government) to add new taxpayers but most of the ills plaguing the tax system in the country have remained in the exclusive domain of the tax departments because of the reluctance to share data.
The Tax Administration Reforms Commission (TARC) headed by Parthasarathi Shome, in its third report, has succeeded in digging out critical data from the Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) and the Central Board of Excise and Customs (CBEC) to analyse the issues adversely impacting the growth of taxpayers and has also suggested remedies.
Though some of the remedies prescribed by TARC such as bringing back the fringe benefit tax (FBT) or the banking cash transaction tax (BCTT) to expand the tax base have been unpopular in the past and could have been left out—Shome’s point is that these are bitter pills required to fight corruption—the report presents a comprehensive profile of the tax system in the country and can help finance minister Arun Jaitley in deciding the tax changes to be brought in the next budget in February.
If he agrees with the TARC calculations, his immediate priority will be to increase the number of income-tax payers to 6 crore from the current 3.5 crore. Should India be having only 3.3% of its 120 crore strong population as income-tax payers when it is as high as 39% in Singapore, 46% in the US, and 75% in New Zealand?
TARC has calculated that the potential income-tax payer base now is about double the figure the government has at present.
The facts emerging from the TARC study clearly point to the target areas. If there is a big gap between the number of companies registered with the registrar of companies and those filing income-tax returns, there is certainly a case for matching the two to find out why is it so.
Then, only 33% of registered persons under service tax filed returns in FY13 and over 50% of registered central excise taxpayers don’t file returns.
The basic question posed by TARC is: Why is the number of taxpayers not growing the way the income has grown in the country?
In case of personal income tax, the problem lies in the tax structure that allows a plethora of exemptions and the maximum marginal rate kicking in too early; the 30% rate is applicable for income above R10 lakh. Just 1.3% people with income over R20 lakh paying 63% of total income tax in FY12 and 90% of the taxpayers showing income below R5 lakh tells the whole story. The situation is more or less similar for corporate tax also.
Indeed, you don’t need a maven to find out what has to be done. TARC should have avoided suggesting too many specific measures to remedy the situation but it has diagnosed the ailments correctly and the policymakers would do well to keep its basic prescription in mind.
“The focus has to be on bringing in new taxpayers, rather than putting a heavier burden on payers who are already in the tax net by targeting sectors that are currently untaxed, especially the informal/unorganised sectors. There also has to be a comprehensive review of exemptions, incentives, etc, with a view to rationalising them, which may require legislative changes,” the commission has suggested.
If this is the roadmap that needs to be followed, then why not revive the original Direct Taxes Code (DTC) of 2009 which was subsequently altered by the UPA government to accommodate changes that severely diluted the goals it had to achieve—lower tax rates but no exemptions.
In personal income tax, it proposed doing away with deductions including those on investments in life insurance, provident funds and interest paid on housing loans; and tax annual income of R1.6 lakh to R10 lakh at 10%, R10 lakh to R25 lakh at 20%, and income above R25 lakh at 30%. In the case of companies, the 2009 draft code talked about taxing business income at 25% and impose MAT at 2% on the asset of the companies, tax dividend distribution of the domestic companies at 15% and garner additional branch profit tax of 15% from the foreign companies, with no tax exemption?
The DTC Bill, 2010—the current tax structure reflects it to a large extent—however, proposed 10% rate for R2 lakh to R5 lakh income bracket, 20% for R5 lakh to R10 lakh annual income, and 30% for income above R10 lakh, and also the continuance of tax exemptions. It fixed corporate income-tax rate at 30%, MAT at 20%, and retained several tax exemptions as well.
The end result has been a loss of direction in simplifying and rationalising the direct tax provisions to suit the changing economic realities.
There is no point experimenting with more half-measures now—some of the measures proposed by the DTC have already been accommodated in bits and pieces in the Income Tax Act—a better idea would be to consider bringing the original DTC back to ensure ‘lower rates with bare minimum exemptions’ to make it acceptable and workable.
Of course, this will help in encouraging people to pay their taxes but the end result in enhancing the tax base will also depend on how fast the tax departments equip themselves with new tools to tackle tax evaders. The progress, sadly, has been very slow and sketchy here.
santosh.tiwari@expressindia.com
TAGS: Parthasarathi Shome
More from fecolumnist
Column: Look beyond inflation-targeting By not reducing policy rates, RBI is, in effect, dampening investment and, consequently, employment generation...

Retain add on HDFC as bond borrowing costs moderate: Kotak'Our land rejuvenation model has brought prosperity to Indian farmers': William D Dar, ICRISAT
Bond borrowing rates for high-rated housing finance companies and NBFCs have declined by about 60 bps in the past two months. Incremental spreads in the housing loan segment have expanded sharply as lending rates are stable. This decline puts housing finance companies in a strong footing even as we expect home loan rates to moderate. We raise estimates, increase target price for HDFC to R1,210 (from R1,100)  and retain ‘add’ rating.
Sharp decline in marginal bond borrowing cost will boost margins for housing finance companies.
Home loan rates may decline but moderately; marginal spreads expand.
Home loan rates have been stable since July 2014. As such, home loan rates have a scope to decline by about 15 bps unless banks cut their base rates. Thus, marginal spread of housing finance companies will be higher by 35-50 bps.
We factor our revised target price for HDFC Bank and roll over to September 2016. At our target price, HDFC’s core business will trade at 3.8x PBR and HDFC Bank will trade at 3.7x PBR. We value the insurance business at 2x EV, i.e. R6,000 crore and R18,000 crore for FY16 and FY17e, respectively; the life insurance business adds 6% to our SOTP. We are raising our forecasts for NIM of HDFC by 5-15 bps, which will increase its earnings estimates by 1.5-2%.
Kotak Institutional Equities
TAGS: HDFC NBFC
More from markets
Govt hikes import tariff value on gold and silver The government raised import tariff value on gold to USD 396 per 10 grams and on silver to USD 561 per kg in line...

Underweight on Jubilant Foods on delayed SSS growth: Barclays'Our land rejuvenation model has brought prosperity to Indian farmers': William D Dar, ICRISAT
We initiate coverage on Jubilant Foodworks with an Underweight rating and a price target of R1,250 (potential downside of 15%). While we expect Jubilant to benefit from an improving macro, the recovery is likely to be only gradual as we expect: 1) material same-store sales (SSS) growth recovery to be still 8-10 quarters away due to high competition, evolving customer preferences and a series of recent price hikes; 2) Jubilant has  400 new stores planned over FY14-17, which should dampen near-term returns; and 3) Dunkin’ Donuts  to remain margin- dilutive (c150-175bps over FY15E/16E) and make a nominal revenue contribution. As a result, we think Jubilant’s 35% valuation premium to peers is likely to narrow on a muted outlook (reflected in accelerating earnings downgrades, per Bloomberg consensus), and weak returns (ROIC likely to compress by 190bps over FY14-17e).
While we expect SSS growth to have bottomed out, we believe double-digit SSS growth is unlikely before FY17 due to: 1) key competitors having closed the gap in terms of product offerings and brand positioning; 2) increasing number of players in the unorganised segment and multinational companies ; and 3) rising saturation in tier-1 cities in terms of store expansion, meaning incremental new store growth is likely to be derived from tier-2 and -3 cities.
Barclays
TAGS: Jubilant Foodworks
More from markets
Govt hikes import tariff value on gold and silver The government raised import tariff value on gold to USD 396 per 10 grams and on silver to USD 561 per kg in line...

Reliance Industries shares slightly higher after PEMEX MoU'Our land rejuvenation model has brought prosperity to Indian farmers': William D Dar, ICRISAT
Relaince Industries Limited (RIL) shares were trading marginally in the green at Rs 960.2 on the BSE at 12:00 pm IST after the company announced an MoU with the Mexican state-owned oil and gas company Petroleos Mexicanos (PEMEX).
In a release filed with the exchanges on Friday, Relaince Industries Limited (RIL) said that it will cooperate with PEMEX for assessment for potential upstream oil & gas business opportunities in Mexico and jointly evaluate value added opportunities in international markets.
It further added that the MOU envisages sharing of RIL’s pioneering expertise in deep water development and best practices in East coast of India and RIL’s experience in shale gas in United States.
Relaince Industries Limited (RIL)  will also provide technical support and share experience with PEMEX foRIL shares slightly higher after PEMEX MoUr refining value maximisation and other technical optimisation strategies.
TAGS: Relaince Industries Limited
More from markets
Govt hikes import tariff value on gold and silver The government raised import tariff value on gold to USD 396 per 10 grams and on silver to USD 561 per kg in line...

Xolo uses Twitter to launch Omega phones with Hive  prices start Rs 8 999It was a product launch with a difference. XOLO, the premium smart devices brand from Lava International, on Friday announced its new Omega smartphone variants through an exclusive twitter launch.
 
— XOLO (@MyXOLO) December 5, 2014
The Omega comes in two variants. Omega 5.0 and Omega 5.5. both have HC IPS screens, 1.4 GHz Octa-Core MTK6592M Processor and powered by XOLO’s proprietary HIVE platform. It comes with Quad-Core 600MHz Mali™ 450 GPU and 1 GB RAM.
Our first impression is that the phone looks a bit like the Moto G and is very comfortable in the hand, thanks to its curved edges.
Omega is the second device to run XOLO’s HIVE OS that offers high degree of customisation for users as well as the opportunity to become part of the development process.
Read more about Hive here
XOLO has also partnered with Vodafone, to offer Omega 5.0 users 500 MB free data and Omega 5.5 users 1 GB of free data, per month for two months. Plus, they also get access to unlimited music content from Vodafone Music for the same period. Omega 5.0 sports 8 MP rear camera with Sony Exmor R sensor and 2MP front camera. This version has 1 GB RAM and 8 GB internal memory, expandable upto 32 GB. Packed with 2,100 mAh battery, it is priced at Rs 8,999. Omega 5.5 comes with 13 MP rear camera with Sony Exmor RS sensor and a 2 MP front camera. With a 2,600 mAh battery, this one will be available at Rs 9,999. The Omega 5 will become available from December 10, while the larger version will sell from December 20.
TAGS: Hive Omega Xolo
More from industry
IIT-Guwahati prof accused of rape by office assistant, held The dean of academic affairs at the IIT here has been arrested for allegedly raping an office assistant, a senior police officer said on Tuesday. “A case was registered against IIT Guwahati Professor Alok Kumar Ghosal at the Panbazar Women police station here… He was brought to the police station for examination last night and […]

Mangalore Chemicals shares surge over 15% on Zuari open offer'Our land rejuvenation model has brought prosperity to Indian farmers': William D Dar, ICRISAT
Shares of Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers Ltd (MCFL) surged over 15 per cent on industrialist Saroj Poddar-led Zuari group’s decision to spend upto Rs 282.19 crore to buy over three crore shares in the UB Group firm through a new open offer.
MCFL’s scrip zoomed 14.16 per cent to Rs 98.35 on the BSE.
At the NSE, it gained 15.62 per cent to Rs 99.90.
The voluntary open offer for 3.07 crore MCFL shares constitutes 25.90 per cent of the company’s fully diluted voting equity share capital. The open offer price of Rs 91.92/share represents about 7 per cent premium to MCFL’s closing price of Rs 86.15 yesterday.
“ICICI Securities Ltd, manager to the open offer, has submitted to BSE a copy of public announcement regarding voluntary open offer for acquisition of up to 3,07,00,000 fully paid-up equity shares of MCFL from the public shareholders by Zuari Fertilisers and Chemicals together with Zuari Agro Chemicals,” a company filing had said.
The fertiliser company has also announced appointment of Vijay Mallya’s step-mother Ritu Mallya as a director of the firm with immediate effect. In a surprise move on December 1, liquor baron Mallya had resigned as MCFL director.
TAGS: MCFL Zuari Agro Chemicals
More from markets
Govt hikes import tariff value on gold and silver The government raised import tariff value on gold to USD 396 per 10 grams and on silver to USD 561 per kg in line...

SAIL offer over-subscribed; Government to raise at least Rs 1 500 croreSpiceJet gets a lifeline but only for eight weeks
Government’s disinvestment drive got a tremendous start today, with steel major SAIL’s share sale being subscribed more than two times fetching the exchequer Rs 1,715 crore.
The first disinvestment offering this fiscal saw retail investors lapping up SAIL shares taking the overall subscription to 2.08 times (42.93 crore shares) of the 20.65 crore shares on offer.
Government’s stake in SAIL will come down to 75 per cent pursuant to this public issue, helping the company to meet Sebi’s listing norms.
Government has set a target of Rs 43,425 crore through selling stakes in various PSU firms during the current fiscal.
The Offer For Sale (OFS) got bids for 42.93 crore aggregating to over Rs 3,400 crore but with the government not opting for the green shoe option, only Rs 1,715 crore would come to the exchequer.
“OFS for disinvestment of 5 per cent of government equity in SAIL successfully concluded, to fetch Rs 1,715 crore approximately for the government,” a Finance Ministry statement said.
The offering for SAIL shares also received a robust response from retail investors, to whom the government has offered a five per cent price discount and has reserved 10 per cent or over 2 crore shares for them.
2.06 crore shares, or 10 per cent, which were earmarked for retail investors were subscribed 2.66 times, while the general category shares were subscribed 2.01 times, according to BSE data.
“Retail investors category was… hugely oversubscribed more than 2.5 times, a record for any retail participation in any OFS,” the statement added.
A successful start to the ambitious disinvestment programme will help government contain the fiscal deficit to 4.1 per cent of the GDP in the current financial year.
Government has lined up a host of PSUs to pare holdings. The disinvestment plan includes 5 per cent stake sale in ONGC, 10 per cent in Coal India and 11.36 per cent in NHPC.
SAIL is probably the first OFS in which stock exchanges are showing retail and general category subscription with their respective indicative price separately.
The floor, or the minimum offer, price for SAIL’s share sale has been set at Rs 83 apiece, which is 2.75 per cent less than yesterday’s closing price.
TAGS: SAIL
More from companies

Malnutrition in tribal Gujarat taluka as high as 94 per centBiz leaders in manufacturing sector optimistic about next  year: Survey
Findings of three different studies on the status of “malnutrition in Gujarat” show that the levels of undernourishment among children of the state – especially those living in the tribal belt – is as high as 94 percent.
These field studies conducted by separate organisations show that there is “definitive link” between the poor condition of Aanganwadi’s in Gujarat and the wide prevalence of malnutrition in the state. The result of these studies were made public at a event on the subject organised at Gujarat Vidyapith by an NGO, Child Rights and You (CRY) on Friday.
One of the most damning of these studies was the one undertaken by Surat-based Centre for Social Studies (CSS) – an autonomous social science research institute supported Union Ministry of Human Resource Development (MHRD) as well as Government of Gujarat — in the Dediapada taluka of Narmada district where 96 percent of the population is tribal.
“A sample survey involving 849 children in 20 villages of this taluka show that the malnutrition levels are as high as 94 percent in children in age group of 5-15 years,” said Gagan Bihari Sahu, associate professor of CSS who has himself undertaken the survey in these villages. Sahu however cautioned against extrapolating the findings from Dediapada, where the average malnutrition levels for children (of all age groups) stood at 59 percent.
According to Sahu, children in this region were not using the “mid-day meal programme” and that the poor quality of aanganwadis and lack of education were factors contributing to the poor malnutrition levels. “Loss of traditional food resources by way of ecological change or environmental degradation have considerable influence on the dietary pattern and have also contributed to the falling levels of nutrition,” he added.
A representative from Adivasi Vikas Trust who spoke at the event narrated how the state government agencies manipulate the data on “malnourishment” in this tribal belt. “There is a huge gap between our surveys and those conducted by the state government. The malnourishment projects exists on paper as far as Dediapada is concerned,” said Ishwar Pavar who heads the Trust at Dediapada. “Health-checks in the aanganwadis are irregular, there is no monitoring by the state government of these centres, most of which are located in difficult and hilly terrain,” Pawar added.
Meanwhile, a second study inspired by recent reports of Comptroller and Auditor General of India (CAG) on the poor quality of Aanganwadis in Gujarat, talked about the “gaping holes” in the way these institutions are run. “Of the 249 Aanganwadi’s surveyed in 17 districts, we found that 65 percent do not have adequate toilet facilities, 34 percent do not have working electronic weighing scales, 28 percent do not provide regular health check-ups and 30 percent do have utensils for serving or preparing food,” said Kumar Nilendu of CRY which conducted the study along with BAAG (Buniyadi Adhikar Andolan Gujarat). The study examined the implementation of the ICDS (Integrated Child Development Scheme) in the state.
Similar observations were made by CAG about the aanganwadis in Gujarat in it’s latest reports on “local bodies” of the state. “There is a definite link between the poor condition of the aganwadis in Gujarat and the high levels of malnutrition that exists in Gujarat,” said Sejal Dave from an NGO – Anandi (Area Networking and Development Initiatives).
Dave who presented the third study at the event said that her NGO had surveyed 36 villages in seven “high priority talukas identified by the state government as having acute problem of malnutrition” and found that 81 percent of the severely undernourished children covered under the survey did not have their names of the ration cards and 64 percent of the families of such children did not have a “Mamata Card” ( a web-based initiative of the state government to improve maternal and child health services in rural and urban areas of Gujarat).
Speakers who spoke at the event also expressed concerned on the manner in which the food supplied under the ICDS scheme was not reaching the children but were being “fed to the cattle” in some of the areas that were covered by these three surveys.
TAGS: Gujarat
More from economy
Tamil Nadu govt floats tenders for 11 lakh laptops The Tamil Nadu government has floated tenders for issuing about 11 lakh computers to students under the free laptop...

US monthly job gains largest in three years; wages riseBiz leaders in manufacturing sector optimistic about next  year: Survey
US employers added the largest number of workers in nearly three years in October and wages increased, which could bring the Federal Reserve closer to raising interest rates.
Nonfarm payrolls surged by 321,000 last month, the most since January 2012, the Labor Department said on Friday. The unemployment rate held steady at a six-year low of 5.8 percent.
Data for September and October were revised to show 44,000 more jobs created than previously reported.
Economists polled by Reuters had forecast payrolls increasing by only 230,000 last month.
November marked the 10th straight month that job growth has exceeded 200,000, the longest stretch since 1994, and further confirmed the economy is weathering slowdowns in China and the euro zone, as well as a recession in Japan.
There are signs the strengthening labor market conditions are starting to spur faster wage growth, a key factor that will determine the timing of the US central bank’s first rate hike.
Average hourly earnings rose by 9 cents in November, which left them up 2.1 percent from a year ago – still well below the increase of 3 percent or more that economists say would make the Fed comfortable lifting benchmark overnight rates from near zero, where they have been since December 2008.
Many economists expect the Fed to wait until mid-2015 before hiking rates.
Details of November’s employment report were upbeat. Most of the measures Fed Chair Janet Yellen tracks to gauge the amount of slack in the labor market are seen showing further improvement.
A broad measure of joblessness that includes people who want to work but have given up searching and those working part-time because they cannot find full-time employment fell to a fresh six-year low of 11.4 percent from 11.5 percent in October. The ranks of the long-term unemployed are also shrinking.
The labor force participation rate, or the share of working-age Americans who are employed or at least looking for a job, was steady at 62.8 percent.
Job gains were broad-based, with employment in professional and businesses services jumping 68,000. Retail payrolls increased by 50,200 as employers stepped up hiring in anticipation of a strong holiday shopping season.
Manufacturing and construction employment accelerated from October. Government payrolls increased by 7,000.
TAGS: Jobs
More from economy
Tamil Nadu govt floats tenders for 11 lakh laptops The Tamil Nadu government has floated tenders for issuing about 11 lakh computers to students under the free laptop...

2015 Grammy Nominations2015 Grammy Nominations: Joan Rivers Receives a Posthumous Nomination
Dec 5, 2014, 2:28 PM ET
By ABC NEWS via Good Morning America
Joan Rivers poses as she presents the "Comedy Roast with Joan Rivers" during the 25th MIPCOM in Cannes, France, Oct. 5, 2009.
Lionel Cironneau/AP Photo
Share
Copy
Three months after Joan Rivers died at the age of 81, she received a posthumous Grammy nomination.
The comedian's work, "Diary of a Mad Diva," received a nod for Best Spoken Word album. She previously won a Grammy in 1984 for Best Comedy Album.
It's been an exciting Friday for several artists, especially first-time nominee Sam Smith, who has already received five nominations, including Best New Artist and Record of the Year. Meanwhile, several other singers have also received their first nominations, including Miley Cyrus, Iggy Azalea and Megan Trainor.
The list will continue to be updated throughout the day as new nominations come in, but here's where things stand right now.
Record of the Year
"Fancy," Iggy Azalea ft. Charli XCX
"Chandelier," Sia
"Stay with Me (Darkchild Version)," Sam Smith
"Shake It Off," Taylor Swift
"All About That Bass," Meghan Trainor
Best New Artist

SAIL offer for sale over subscribed  government gets Rs 1 715 crSpiceJet gets a lifeline but only for eight weeks
Government’s disinvestment drive got a tremendous start today, with steel major SAIL’s share sale being subscribed more than two times fetching the exchequer Rs 1,715 crore.
The first disinvestment offering this fiscal saw retail investors lapping up SAIL shares taking the overall subscription to 2.08 times (42.93 crore shares) of the 20.65 crore shares on offer.
Government’s stake in SAIL will come down to 75 per cent pursuant to this public issue, helping the company to meet Sebi’s listing norms.
Government has set a target of Rs 43,425 crore through selling stakes in various PSU firms during the current fiscal.
The Offer For Sale (OFS) got bids for 42.93 crore aggregating to over Rs 3,400 crore but with the government not opting for the green shoe option, only Rs 1,715 crore would come to the exchequer.
“OFS for disinvestment of 5 per cent of government equity in SAIL successfully concluded, to fetch Rs 1,715 crore approximately for the government,” a Finance Ministry statement said.
The offering for SAIL shares also received a robust response from retail investors, to whom the government has offered a five per cent price discount and has reserved 10 per cent or over 2 crore shares for them.
2.06 crore shares, or 10 per cent, which were earmarked for retail investors were subscribed 2.66 times, while the general category shares were subscribed 2.01 times, according to BSE data.
“Retail investors category was… hugely oversubscribed more than 2.5 times, a record for any retail participation in any OFS,” the statement added.
A successful start to the ambitious disinvestment programme will help government contain the fiscal deficit to 4.1 per cent of the GDP in the current financial year.
Government has lined up a host of PSUs to pare holdings. The disinvestment plan includes 5 per cent stake sale in ONGC, 10 per cent in Coal India and 11.36 per cent in NHPC.
SAIL is probably the first OFS in which stock exchanges are showing retail and general category subscription with their respective indicative price separately.
The floor, or the minimum offer, price for SAIL’s share sale has been set at Rs 83 apiece, which is 2.75 per cent less than yesterday’s closing price.
TAGS: SAIL
More from companies

US co bags contract for Navy s multi-role ch...Arvind Walia
(The United States' Sikorsky…)
NEW DELHI: The United States' Sikorsky has bagged a Rs 6,000-crore contract for supplying 16 multi-role helicopters to the Indian Navy , official sources said today.
Defence Ministry sources said the commercial bids were opened yesterday and since the US firm was the only left in the fray after the "partial ban" European company Finmeccanica , it emerged as the winner.
The "partial ban" was imposed on Finmeccanica, the parent company of AgustaWestland that is involved in a Rs 3,550 crore VVIP helicopter deal controversy, in August this year.
While imposing the ban on it, the Defence Acquisition Council had in August said it would not be able to take part in any future defence deals.
Finmecccanica was part of consortium European NH 90 which had made a bid for the deal.
"It was a global tender and in the end only two made the cut. But since, one firm came under a ban in another deal before the commercial bids were opened, Sikorsky has emerged as the winner," a defence source said adding this is not a single-vendor situation.
The final negotiations for Sikorsky's S-70B Seahawk will start.
Sikorsky's Regional Executive for India and South Asia, Air Vice Marshal (Retd) Arvind Walia , said he was delighted at Sikorsky's selection.
"We are looking forward to ensure that the process is fast-tracked as desired by the Ministry. We received the communication today asking us to come for contract negotiations," Walia told PTI.
The Seahawk is a naval variant of the US Army's Black Hawk UH 60 helicopter.
The Navy had floated a tender for 16 helicopters with an option for another eight in 2008.
Seahawk S-70B can be used for advanced anti-submarine and anti-surface warfare to take on underwater and over water threats.
Sources said the negotiations would be fast tracked as the helicopters are much needed for the Navy.
They added the Navy expects the first helicopter to be commissioned in three years from now.
FEATURED ARTICLES

The New Republics shakeup and the importance of cultureBy Alyssa Rosenberg December 5 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
Over the past twenty-four hours, as the dramatic shakeup at the New Republic has unfolded– top editor Frank Foer and literary editor Leon Wieseltier out , media veteran Gabriel Snyder in at the top , mass resignations by staff and contributing editors –I have read plenty of meditations, written both for public consumption and private discussion, of the magazine’s legacy in policy journalism. This is a battle so complicated it makes George R.R. Martin’s War of the Five Kings look positively comprehensible, with some factions flying the flag of the New Republic’s record on race, others racing into battle to defend its recent contributions to the passage of the Affordable Care Act, and plenty of fierce fighting over foreign policy.
Guy Vidra, CEO of The New Republic, speaks on stage at the New Republic Centennial Gala at the Andrew W. Mellon Auditorium on November 19, 2014 in Washington, DC. (Photo by Teresa Kroeger/Getty Images)
But because it’s my job to call attention to these things, let me file a small brief in favor of the priority the New Republic placed on culture.
I’ve lived and worked in Washington for almost nine years, and in that time, I have been lucky enough to have the opportunity to write about culture for many of the policy-oriented magazines in town. And it was interesting to see these various publications try to figure out how culture coverage fit with their reporting and commentary on policy and politics.
At the American Prospect, I got great editing from Ann Friedman, who turned an early lament of mine about the lack of superheroine movies into something worth publishing, and the Prospect has published a lot of interesting reviews of culture, often with a liberal hook, by the long-time critic Tom Carson. At the behest of Paul Glastris, I wrote about the clever design of “NCIS” franchise and the show’s interests in mediating the American relationship with Israel for the Washington Monthly, which was interested in culture as an expression of larger policy trends. For a while, I did a podcast with Asawin Suebsaeng, who at the time was a reporter in the Washington bureau of Mother Jones, where we probably spent as much time talking about Michael Bay as a stylist as we did about the politics of culture.
More recently, Ezra Klein’s explainer journalism start-up, Vox, found a great match for its model in culture editor Todd VanDerWerff (disclosure: we know each other socially and professionally). VanDerWerff is former television critic who is adept both at dissecting the text of an episode of television or a movie to help readers clarify their passionate reactions to it, and who also has a gift for explaining the relationship between shifts in entertainment industry business models and what people are seeing on screen, reading on the page or hearing in an audio stream.
But what I found compelling about the New Republic’s approach, including on the occasions I got to write there, was the publication’s simple confidence that culture was an important subject that required no justification to sell to readers.
You didn’t have to have a policy hook, or even the draw of Misty Copeland’s rising star, to write about dance there, as Jennifer Homans, the magazine’s dance editor who resigned today, did so beautifully . Culture could provide answers that policy analysis could not, as it did in Rebecca Traister’s marvelous “ I Don’t Care If You Like It ,” a synthesis that drew on everything from Esquire’s beauty metrics to Amy Poehler’s rebellious, dirty sense of humor, to the criminalization of parenting to explain how women have been kept subject to men’s opinions. I return to that piece at least once a week. I don’t necessarily agree with Jed Perl on the politicization of art , but we are of accord that the fate of art matters even if it shifts no policies.
This is a philosophy that guides a lot of more general-interest publications, including the New Yorker and the New York Review of Books where Daniel Mendelsohn, among my favorite living critics, brings the same attention to Greek poetry and the spasms of “Spider-Man: Turn Off the Dark” on Broadway. But it’s a bit rarer, I think, among Washington publications that think of themselves as policy-oriented, or in sections like op-ed pages where culture yields pride of place to policy and politics.
Whatever happens in this very new era for the New Republic, I hope Snyder has the good sense to preserve that sensibility, to treat culture not as a mere subsidy to policy journalism but as an equal participant.
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

New James Bond movie title announced Thursday  stock market fell 0.07 percentComments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
All comments are posted in the All Comments tab.
Get a badge
To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in.
Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
Spam

321 000 Jobs Added in Nov.  Most in Nearly 3 YearsIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

SAIL share offer a hit  subscribed more than two-timesSAIL share offer a hit  subscribed more than two-times
http://usat.ly/1A11ASkFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Rolling Stone backs off from U.Va. rape story
Rolling Stone magazine retracted Friday its controversial story about an alleged gang rape at the University of Virginia after it discovered new information that discredited the information in the piece, aOur initial doubts as to the accuracy of the article have only been strengthened as alumni and undergraduate members have delved deeper,"
Post to Facebook
Rolling Stone backs off from U.Va. rape story Rolling Stone magazine retracted Friday its controversial story about an alleged gang rape at the University of Virginia after it discovered new information that discredited the information in the piece, aOur initial doubts as to the accuracy of the article have only been strengthened as alumni and undergraduate members have delved deeper," Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1CNw3sZ
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
574
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Rolling Stone backs off from U.Va. rape story
Roger Yu , USA TODAY 8:09 a.m. EST December 6, 2014
Video Keywords kappa psi Charlottesville Roselle life activities delve deeper Rolling Stone Rolling Stones
In a statement issued Friday, 'Rolling Stone' magazine said it had found discrepancies in its story about an alleged gang rape at the University of Virginia. VPC
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:03  Is Rolling Stone magazine is quickly backpedaling from an article
00:06  it published about an alleged gang rape at the University of
00:08  Virginia in an online statement released by the magazine's managing editor.
00:13  Will Dana apologized to readers saying quote we were trying to
00:17  be sensitive to the unfair shame and humiliation many women feel
00:20  after a sexual assault and now regret the decision to not
00:23  contact the alleged assault hers to get their account. We're taking
00:27  this seriously and apologize to anyone who was affected by the
00:30  story. Roselle went on to say that the reporter who first
00:33  ran the story Sabrina Rubin early had no previous reason to
00:37  doubt the information she received. And that quote her friends and
00:41  great activists on campus strongly supported Jackie's account. The magazine does
00:45  admit that they did not try and contact the men named
00:48  in the accusation per the alleged victims or quest. The controversial
00:52  story was first published on November 19 telling the story of
00:55  Jackie. An unidentified UBA student who claims she was raped at
00:59  the phi kappa psi house in the fall Tony twelve. The
01:02  story prompted numerous protests at the college. Even leading the president
01:06  of the university to suspend all Greek life activities phi kappa
01:10  psi issued a statement following Rolling Stones announcement saying quote. Our
01:15  initial doubts as to the accuracy of the article of only
01:17  been strengthened as alumni in undergraduate members have delve deeper according
01:22  to the Virginia attorney general the Charlottesville police department and an
01:25  independent counsel team or separately continuing their investigation into the allegations.
Rector George Martin speaks alongside University President Teresa Sullivan during a Board of Visitors meeting about sexual assault at the University of Virginia on Nov. 25, 2014, in Charlottesville, Va.
(Photo: Ryan M. Kelly, AP)
19653 CONNECT 1797 TWEET 35 LINKEDIN 574 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Rolling Stone magazine said Friday that it found discrepancies in its controversial story about an alleged gang rape of a woman named "Jackie" at the University of Virginia and had lost faith in the piece -- a shocking retreat coming merely days after author Sabrina Rubin Erdely defended the reporting.
"In the face of new information, there now appear to be discrepancies in Jackie's account, and we have come to the conclusion that our trust in her was misplaced," Will Dana, the magazine's managing editor, wrote on its website.
"We were trying to be sensitive to the unfair shame and humiliation many women feel after a sexual assault and now regret the decision to not contact the alleged assaulters to get their account," the post said. "We are taking this seriously and apologize to anyone who was affected by the story."
Twitter reactions to 'Rolling Stone' rape story
On Nov. 19, the magazine ran a story of "Jackie," an unidentified UVA. student who says she was gang-raped at a party at the house of Phi Kappa Psi in the fall of 2012. Her shocking story with vivid details from the night of the incident and its charges that sexual assaults at U.Va. often go unreported deeply embarrassed the university and launched an investigation by school officials and local police. All Greek life activities were also suspended in the wake of the story.
Soon after the 9,000-word story ran, media critics began to question Erdely's reportorial methods. According to Rolling Stone, she spent months talking to Jackie, her friends and university officials. But Erdely never spoke to the accused "Drew" and other men at Phi Kappa Psi.
Erdely didn't contact the men for comments due to an agreement with Jackie, Dana said. "Because of the sensitive nature of Jackie's story, we decided to honor her request not to contact the man she claimed orchestrated the attack on her nor any of the men she claimed participated in the attack for fear of retaliation against her," Dana wrote.
The fraternity also spoke out Friday.
"We have no knowledge of these alleged acts being committed at our house or by our members," according to a statement released Friday by the university chapter of Phi Kappa Psi. "Our initial doubts as to the accuracy of the article have only been strengthened as alumni and undergraduate members have delved deeper."
A University of Virginia student looks over postings on the door of Peabody Hall related to the Phi Kappa Psi gang rape allegations at the school in Charlottesville, Va., on Nov. 24, 2014.
(Photo: Steve Helber, AP)
Erdely's story said Drew was a lifeguard at the time of the attack in the fall of 2012. But the fraternity said it couldn't find a record of a member who worked at the aquatic center in 2012. "As far as we have determined, no member of our fraternity worked there in any capacity during this time period," its statement said.
Jackie claimed that she was raped by the men at a party at the fraternity house that took place four weeks into the school year. But the chapter said it didn't have a social event or a date function during the weekend of Sept. 28, 2012.
"Our Chapter's pledging and initiation periods, as required by the University and Inter-Fraternity Council, take place solely in the spring semester and not in the fall semester," the fraternity's statement said. "We document the initiation of new members at the end of each spring. Moreover, no ritualized sexual assault is part of our pledging or initiation process. This notion is vile, and we vehemently refute this claim."
Virginia Attorney General Mark Herring called on Rolling Stone to take steps to correct errors in the story rather than simply issuing a walk-back statement.
"It is deeply troubling that Rolling Stone magazine is now publicly walking away from its central story line in its bombshell report on the University of Virginia without correcting what errors its editors believe were made," Herring said in a statement. "Virginians are now left grasping for the truth, but we must not let that undermine our support for survivors of sexual assault or the momentum for solutions."
Herring added that the Charlottesville Police Department and an independent counsel team are separately continuing their investigation into the rape allegation.
The Washington Post, which has interviewed Jackie several times during the past week and contacted others associated with the story, reported that Jackie "stands by her version of the events."
"I never asked for this" attention, she told the Post. "What bothers me is that so many people act like it didn't happen. It's my life. I have had to live with the fact that it happened every day for the last two years."
The Post also reported that a group of Jackie's close friends believe "something traumatic happened to her, but they also have come to doubt her account" as they haven't been able to verify some key points.
"A name of an alleged attacker that Jackie provided to them for the first time this week, for example, turned out to be similar to the name of a student who belongs to a different fraternity, and no one by that name has been a member of Phi Kappa Psi," the Post report said.
The Post contacted the man whose name was cited, but he told the paper that he was familiar with Jackie's name but he had never met her in person and was not a member of the fraternity.
In a statement , University of Virginia President Teresa Sullivan said: "Over the past two weeks, our community has been more focused than ever on one of the most difficult and critical issues facing higher education today: sexual violence on college campuses. Today's news must not alter this focus."
"We will continue to take a hard look at our practices, policies and procedures, and continue to dedicate ourselves to becoming a model institution in our educational programming, in the character of our student culture, and in our care for those who are victims," she said.
19653 CONNECT 1797 TWEET 35 LINKEDIN 574 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1CNw3sZ
USA NOW
Suspected family murderer has been found dead | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

Panel discussion on the future of the Fourth AmendmentBy Orin Kerr December 5
I recently participated in a provocative and interesting panel on the Fourth Amendment and new technology during a conference at Georgetown Law . My co-panelists were Judge Richard Posner, Judge Margaret McKeown, DOJ’s Michael Dreeben, and Georgetown’s David Cole. Georgetown’s Laura Donohue moderated. You can watch the whole thing here via C-SPAN.
If you only want to watch the highlight, check out this 6-minute excerpt over the value of privacy between Judge Posner and David Cole. We had been talking about searching cell phones, and Posner expressed his view that cell phone privacy was no big deal. Cole disagreed, and the two of them debated the issue. I score this Cole 1, Posner 0.
Orin Kerr is the Fred C. Stevenson Research Professor at The George Washington University Law School, where he has taught since 2001. He teaches and writes in the area of criminal procedure and computer crime law.

Bon appetit: Obamas R-Day meals will be made in AmericaBarack Obama’s Republic Day meals will be made in America
Pramit Pal Chaudhuri , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 06, 2014
First Published: 00:45 IST(6/12/2014) | Last Updated: 09:50 IST(6/12/2014)
Comments
When US President Barack Obama sits down to a banquet during his January visit to New Delhi, the food on his plate will outwardly look identical to those of the other guests. In reality, it will be an exact copy prepared by a White House steward (chef).
President Barack Obama and Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the Martin Luther King Jr Memorial in Washington. (PTI Photo)
This is standard security practice for US presidents. Ex-secret service bodyguard Joseph Petro recounts in his 2005 memoir how menus for formal dinners would be sent days before to the White House, the ingredients procured, and a carbon copy dish made by stewards just before the meal was served.
But presidents do wander around. Obama enjoys taking his family around Washington for meals -- and has a taste for foreign and exotic cuisines.
In these cases, a special detachment of Secret Service men appear at the restaurant hours before the presidential party arrives, vets the staff, inspects -- if not tastes -- the ingredients, and then keeps a close watch on the cooking process.
Condiments like ketchup and mustard, and of course water, are brought from the White House.
In the tense period after 9/11, Secret Service men were known to wash spotty glasses and dishes -- presumably with biochemical toxin concerns in mind. When Obama came to India in 2010, a team of doctors from JJ Hospital, Mumbai, helped the Secret Service in their food-testing tasks.
Things get especially hairy during huge events like a US inauguration, when a president and his first lady can flit back and forth between a dozen balls and dinners. Inspection teams from the US Federal Drug Administration work with the Secret Service to keep the meals for even the guests secured. In the 2009 swearing-in, over 100,000 meals were supervised.
Petro explained the philosophy, “Nothing edible gets near the president unless we know where it comes from and who has handled it.” Sometimes that can lead to embarrassing moments. In March last year, Obama had to stick to bottled water during a lunch hosted by Republican Congressmen because someone had failed to screen the lobster salad. The lunch, part of a set of talks on a budget compromise, was also a legislative failure.

Obama to meet with UK s Prince William at White HouseObama to meet with UK s Prince William at White House
Quit Data and Retail Sales Grab Spotlight--Data Week AheadQuit Data and Retail Sales Grab Spotlight--Data Week Ahead
Look at it as warm-up for nextseasonMicromax Indian Aces players Gael Monfils, Fabrice Santoro (also Coach of team) and Rohan Bopanna during the press conference in New Delhi. (Source: PTI)
New Delhi |
Posted: December 6, 2014 1:48 am | Updated: December 6, 2014 8:28 am
By: Vimal Sankar TN
A day before the New Delhi leg of the inaugural season of the IPTL, both the players and the administrators were forced to deal with a few difficult questions during the press conference. The first of those was to the new league’s CEO Morgan Menahem. “What do you think of ATP chairman Chris Kermode dismissing the IPTL as nothing more than a glorified exhibition?” Menahem, of course, didn’t look amused.
“The ATP has been criticising us for some time now. But I’ll tell you what we’re doing right and give you one example to explain my point,” he said. “Tennis Australia are organising an exhibition match between Lleyton Hewitt and Roger Federer and they are following the new format. Therefore, it is the right direction for tennis. ATP, WTA, ITF should consider this IPTL format seriously. It is about bringing more excitement and fans to the game.”
The drilling didn’t stop there. A journalist then wanted to know from the current players on the dais — Gael Monfils, Ana Ivanovic, Rohan Bopanna and Sania Mirza — just how they could they could justify playing during the off-season when the big complaint on the circuit happens to be the short length of the yearly break. Menahem decided to answer this as well.
“No one is forced to play in this league. There have been several players we approached in the past who have declined us,” he said. “The ones who are here have seen the benefits of the league and are treating the tennis as a preparatory camp for next year.”
But how can it be preparatory with the changed rules and the league’s promise of entertaining the audience? Eric M. Gottschalk, ITPL’s COO, had an answer. “Look at it this way. These players double up as the best hitting partners during the day and they all go out there and play competitive tennis at night,” Gottschalk said.
Ivanovic, part of the Indian Aces, agreed. “Off season can be tiring otherwise. We normally spend lot of time with our team. Events like these outside your country is a good way to prepare,” she said.
While the administrators did their best to deal with the negatives, the players, such as Ivanovic and Bopanna, did their bit to list out the positives. “It’s great. Being a doubles players, my matches are not shown on TV,” said Bopanna. “Now all these young kids can watch us play, seeing us they can be inspired to pick up the sport.”

CRPF  Nagaland Police keep vigil at Dilshad GardenchurchBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 6, 2014 1:40 am
Twenty-five personnel of the Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) and Nagaland Police were deployed at St Sebastian’s church in Northeast Delhi’s Dilshad Garden area on Friday for security.
On December 2, a fire had broken out in the church. While police said it was an accident, the Delhi Archbishop had alleged that it was an act of “arson”. On Friday, the CRPF kept a 12-hour vigil from 8 am to 8 pm. After that, the Nagaland Police took over.

Metal grills for drag flickdefendersBy: Press Trust of India |
Posted: December 6, 2014 1:40 am | Updated: December 6, 2014 11:45 am
The International Hockey Federation (FIH) has decided to allow the defenders wear protective metal grills while trying to stop the powerful dragflicks during penalty corner conversion.
The FIH’s playing rules amendment comes in the wake of Australian cricket Phillip Hughes’ death after being hit by a Sean Abbott bouncer in a Sheffield Shield game last week.
In its website, the FIH mentioned that it had come up for discussion at its recently concluded Annual Congress. “A wider range of masks, including metal grill masks, will now be allowed to defend penalty corners. This amendment has been done to increase player safety. This will be available for worldwide adoption at international level from January 2015,” the FIH stated on its website.

Constable of Railway force held for molesting woman on train:PolicePrint
Posted: December 6, 2014 1:38 am
A 30-year-old Railway Protection Force (RPF) constable was arrested on charges of molesting a woman on board the Mussoorie Express.
In her complaint to police on Friday, the woman alleged that she was sitting in the ladies coach when the constable, Rajpal, approached her around 4 am and asked her to come sit in his compartment in case she was feeling cold.
“He asked me to come and sit with him in his coach since it was very cold. He then offered me a blanket which I refused to take. But when he insisted, I took it and asked him to return to his coach. When the train reached near Gajraula, Rajpal again came to me and touched me inappropriately while I was asleep.
At first, I thought it was an accident, but when he repeated it, I slapped him and raised the alarm,” the woman said.
The woman also alleged that Rajpal abused her when she cried for help.
When the train stopped at Old Delhi railway station, the woman went to the police station and reported the matter.
She gave a written complaint explaining the sequence of events. After recording her detailed statement, the constable was arrested and an FIR was registered against him, police said.

Gandhi Nagar residents want liquor shopshutBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 6, 2014 1:36 am
Around 50 people gathered outside a recently opened liquor shop in Central Delhi’s Gandhi Nagar area on Friday, protesting that it was illegal. Police deployed a team on standby to avert any untoward incident.
“Residents gathered outside the liquor shop, calling for it to be closed down. They claimed that it had illegally come up. However, we informed them that the shop had the government’s approval and a legal licence. The protesters then agreed to disperse. No force was used,” a senior police officer said.
Police said a few residents had been objecting to the store for the past week. Over the last two days, they were joined by politicians.
“The shop, owned by one Bobby Arora, was opened 10 days ago. We have been living in this area for several years and we cannot allow drunk men to roam around as our daughters and daughters-in-law will feel threatened. We cannot allow this in a locality where respectable people, including government officials, live,” Congress worker Anita Sharma, who was the area councillor for three years, said.
Former MLA from Matia Mahal and Congress leader Shoaib Iqbal said, “The area around the shop has shops on the ground floor, but homes on the first floor. There is a school very close and a temple close by. Residents felt that problems could arise because of the liquor shop. It is also evident that rules have been broken. Before an alcohol shop is opened, permission has to be sought from the MLA and I was not asked about this. I also went to Police Commissioner B S Bassi and conveyed the problem to him. He said he would relay the matter to the government and do everything to prevent a law and order situation.”
“Shoaib  ji had joined the protest two days ago and came today as well. We also met the police commissioner who assured us that the matter would be taken care of,” a resident said.

Sexual abuse in schools: Centre  states getnoticesBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 6, 2014 1:35 am
The Supreme Court Friday issued notices to the Centre and all state governments on a PIL, seeking guidelines to curb the rise in cases of sexual abuse of children in schools across the country.
“It (petition) is for a good cause. We will issue notice,” said a bench of Chief Justice of India H L Dattu and Justice A K Sikri, while seeking responses from the governments in four weeks.
The Public Interest Litigation was filed by Vineet Dhanda, seeking directions to the Centre and state governments to ensure safety of children from such heinous acts in schools and other places. Filed through advocate J P Dhanda, the petition said there was neither any guideline nor any law to fix liability of educational institutions in such cases.
While seeking guidelines to stop incidents of sexual abuse of students, the PIL stated: “It is the prime duty of schools, the government and the administration to protect the precious lives of children from being scarred as a result of such dastardly acts. The more disturbing part is that the educational institutions have no liabilities whatsoever fixed by law in case of such offences.”
The PIL referred to recent incidents of sexual abuses of children in several schools across the country.

India wary of weakenedGermanyWritten by Mihir Vasavda | Bhubaneswar |
Posted: December 6, 2014 1:35 am | Updated: December 6, 2014 11:43 am
Is this your best chance to beat Germany, coach? The typically smiling Roelant Oltmans frowned. “They are, what, the Olympic champions? Eight times Champions Trophy winners?” he asked rhetorically. “It should answer your question.”
Oltmans was merely showing respect to India’s opening match opponent, which they have earned over all these years. But deep down, he and his players would know this is indeed the best chance they have to record a third win against the mighty Germans in this calendar year.
Not just because Germany have come to Bhubaneswar with a highly depleted squad, but also because the Indian team itself is riding high on confidence. It wouldn’t be an exaggeration to say that India have tasted more success in the last two months than the previous two decades put together. They won the Asian Games gold medal in October and followed it up with a first-ever test series win over Australia. And in the two practice matches they’ve played so far, they’ve looked quite sturdy as well.
However, the Champions Trophy, which gets underway here on Saturday, will be a litmus test for the high-flying Indians. Oltmans stood like a shadow as the players went through the penalty corner drills for nearly 30 minutes, mainly focusing on variations. In VR Raghunath, Rupinderpal Singh and Gurjinder Singh, India have three short corner specialists in their 18-man squad. It’s an area where the team has struggled against the well-organised European and Australian defences. But the return of Rupinderpal to training after skipping Thursday’s session came as encouraging news for the team.
Sardar Singh too took part in the entire training session but he looked in discomfort while sprinting . The India captain had quelled concerns over his availability minutes before stepping on to the turf, tweeting that he will fight hard to be fit for Saturday’s match. But Oltmans chose to wait till Saturday afternoon before taking a call on his fitness. “He looked quite good today(on Friday). We will have to see the reaction of today’s session on his body and will decide on his participation tomorrow (Saturday) before the match,” Oltmans said.
By their own lofty standards, Germany have had a dismal 2014. An under-strength German side could manage just a disappointing seventh place finish at the World League final, where they were beaten twice by India. That was followed by an even more disappointing sixth place finish at the World Cup in The Hague.
The results forced their coach Markus Weise to hold a crisis talk with his senior players before the Champions Trophy, which resulted in many of them being dropped. “In the months following the World Cup there has been a thorough analysis of our current situation. I have spoken to all the key players about their next career steps. continued…

Birth rate hits record lowbirth rate hits record low
A primer  from Cleveland  on why we need police reformBy Emily Badger December 5 Follow @emilymbadger
U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder said Thursday that the Cleveland police department systematically engages in excessive use of force against civilians, and that a court-appointed monitor will now oversee implementation of reforms. (Reuters)
On Thursday, the Department of Justice released a scathing investigation of the Cleveland Police Department that found that officers there have engaged in a pattern of excessive and deadly force against residents — using guns, tasers, chemical spray and fists — in violation of their rights.
Investigators uncovered officers firing their guns at people who posed them no threat, using lethal force out of proportion to the resistance they met, and escalating incidents that might have been disarmed instead. The department, meanwhile, systemically failed to hold officers accountable, or even to document many of these incidents. The report is particularly stinging given that it comes a decade after the DOJ's last investigation of the Cleveland PD, when it uncovered charges "starkly similar to the findings" today.
The document is a painful, often shocking read. But it's also a good primer for anyone unconvinced of the need for police reform. Below are some of the most distressing stories documented in the report.
The DOJ found Cleveland police officers shooting at people who presented neither serious nor imminent threats. In this 2013 incident, a sergeant fired at a victim, "Anthony," fleeing a home where he was being held against his will by armed suspects:
When officers arrived on scene, they had information that two armed assailants were holding several people inside the home. After officers surrounded the house, Anthony escaped from his captors and ran from the house, wearing only boxer shorts. An officer ordered Anthony to stop, but Anthony continued to run toward the officers. One sergeant fired two shots at him, missing. According to the sergeant, when Anthony escaped from the house, the sergeant believed Anthony had a weapon because he elevated his arm and pointed his hand toward the sergeant. No other officers at the scene reported seeing Anthony point anything at the sergeant.
The sergeant’s use of deadly force was unreasonable. It is only by fortune that he did not kill the crime victim in this incident.
The report found officers striking suspects even after they had been handcuffed:
In another incident, an officer punched a handcuffed 13 year-old boy in the face several times. Officers had arrested the juvenile for shoplifting. While “Harold” was handcuffed in the zone car, he began to kick the door and kicked an officer in the leg. In response, the 300 pound, 6’4” tall officer entered the car and sat on the legs of the 150 pound, 5’8” tall handcuffed boy. Harold was pushing against the officer with his legs, but was handcuffed and posed no threat to the officer. Nevertheless, the officer continued to sit on Harold and punched him in the face three to four times until he was “stunned/dazed” and had a bloody nose.
And using their tasers inappropriately:
In one incident that illustrates CDP’s inappropriate use of Tasers, an officer used his Taser to drive stun a 127-pound juvenile twice as two officers held him on the ground. Officers believed that “Ivan” matched the description of a possible fleeing suspect wanted for harassing store customers and stealing. Officers chased Ivan on foot, caught up to him, and tackled him. The officers alleged that the 127-pound juvenile “continued to resist” as they both held him on ground, prompting one of the officers to deploy his Taser twice in the juvenile’s back in drive stun mode, even though both officers were holding him down.
In other cases, officers deployed unreasonable force against people with mental illness:
We reviewed one incident where—in response to a request for assistance—a CDP officer tased a suicidal, deaf man who committed no crime, posed minimal risk to officers and may not have understood officers’ commands. “Larry’s” mother had requested CDP’s assistance because her son, who has bipolar disorder and communicates through sign language, was holding broken glass against his neck and threatening suicide. When officers arrived, Larry went into the bathroom and sat on the edge of a half-filled tub. The officers followed and, without confirming that Larry could communicate through notes, wrote him a note saying that he needed to go to the hospital. Larry waved his hands “aggressively,” which the officers interpreted as refusal. One of the officers then grabbed Larry’s arm. Larry pulled back, “struggling” with the officer. The other officer then yelled “Taser” and pointed his finger at his Taser. Larry continued to struggle, so the officer tased Larry in his chest.
Or needing medical care:
In another incident involving the use of a Taser against a person in crisis, a CDP officer tased a man, despite the fact that he was suffering a medical emergency and was strapped onto a gurney in the back of an ambulance, because he was verbally threatening officers.
The report found officers who did not "consider carefully enough their actions" when drawing their weapons:
In one instance, an officer’s decision to draw his gun while trying to apprehend an unarmed hit-and-run suspect resulted in him accidentally shooting the man in the neck. The man was critically injured.
These stories don't even touch on the DOJ's second grave set of conclusions: that the department failed do much about such misconduct after it occurred.
It's true that police need to deploy force at times, to protect themselves and others. And many incidents — the death of Michael Brown is one of them — exist in a gray area between self defense and misconduct where it's hard to identify for certain police abuse. But the DOJ's report from Cleveland makes clear that there can also be stark lines around what's wrong, and where reform is needed.
Emily Badger is a reporter for Wonkblog covering urban policy. She was previously a staff writer at The Atlantic Cities.

GLOBAL MARKETS-Dollar  stocks gain after stronger-than-expected U.S. jobs dataGLOBAL MARKETS-Dollar  stocks gain after stronger-than-expected U.S. jobs data
Even i too have few stocks in this :(Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Government colleges in karnataka are set to get an i-t facelift. the s...Silver Member
3 Followers
Government colleges in Karnataka are set to get an I-T facelift. The state is setto rope in major tech players likeWiproandInfosysfor new technologies and placement training. Poornima Murali and Archana Shukla report that this move will help students get tech savvy and also earn a quick buck.
1.52 AM Dec 6th  | Track

Dear guest 8899 pls check the following link on indias apathy...ABS is manufactured bz wabco and I am also bullish on Multibase India the manufacturers of Airbags.
Long on Wabco since 3900 and Multibase 68
Just read the link and I am sure you will understand  how this can generate wealth for above two companies in next two years - My target for WABCO India is Rs 6900 for the short term
1.51 AM Dec 6th  | Track

Arvind sir could you please follow me...i am new and trying to learn t...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Strong November Sales Rev TrueCar Stock Higherstrong november sales rev truecar stock higher
Maybe Humans Didn t Drive Mastodons To Extinctionreddit
Maybe humans weren't to blame for the demise of the American mastodon after all.
For years, conventional wisdom held that mastodons were hunted to extinction in North America some 10,000 years ago. But a new study echoes previous research indicating that mastodons and most of the other big animals that once lived on the continent, known as megafauna, may have already died out before humans migrated to North America from Asia.
"We're not saying that humans were uninvolved in the megafauna's last stand 10,000 years ago. But by that time, whatever the mastodon population was down to, their range had shrunken mostly to the Great Lakes region ," study co-author Dr. Ross MacPhee, a curator in the mammalogy department at the American Museum of Natural History in New York City, said in a written statement. "That's a very different scenario from saying the human depredations caused universal loss of mastodons across their entire range within the space of a few hundred years, which is the conventional view."
For the study, which was published online in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences on December 1, 2014, the researchers used two types of radiocarbon dating on 36 fossilized mastodon teeth and bones that had been unearthed in Alaska and the Yukon.
What did the research reveal about North America's mastodons?
"We learned that they weren't even here by the time people showed up," Dr. Grant Zazula, a paleontologist with Canada's Yukon Palaeontology Program and the study's lead author, told CBC News.
In fact, the fossils are far older than previously thought, with most surpassing 50,000 years old. And archaeologists estimate that humans started moving to North America no earlier than about 25,000 years ago .
(Story continues below photo.)
Zazula cutting samples of American mastodon bones for radiocarbon dating.
"There was a massive [mastodon] die-off of a good part of their population in the northern part of the continent around 75,000 years ago ," Zazula told the Los Angeles Times. "We suspect that once the northern group died off, the species was already heading toward trouble... What ultimately pushed them over the edge, though--hunters picking off the last of them or climate change at the end of the ice age being just too much for them--is an unanswered question. There isn't a smoking gun."
Also on HuffPost:

Big Merv advocates an early bouncerMore
Merv Hughes calls for early bouncer in India Test
Former players and pundits have debated whether fast bowlers will be as enthusiastic about using the short ball which is employed to intimidate batsmen as much as taking their wickets.
Reuters –  Fri 5 Dec, 2014 6:31 AM IST
Tweet
0
Merv Hughes.MELBOURNE (Reuters) - Former Australia fast bowler Merv Hughes has called for pacemen to send down an early bouncer in Australia's first test against India to "clear the air" in the wake of Phillip Hughes ' tragic death from a short-pitched delivery.
Former players and pundits have debated whether fast bowlers will be as enthusiastic about using the short ball which is employed to intimidate batsmen as much as taking their wickets.
Merv Hughes, who took 212 wickets in 53 tests for Australia, said teams must "play on", citing Australia captain Michael Clarke 's moving eulogy at batsman Hughes' funeral on Wednesday.
"There's been bouncers bowled over 100 years of cricket and this was an isolated incident," Hughes said on a chat show on broadcaster Fox Sports, referring to the lethal injury sustained by his namesake during a domestic match last week.
"The longer it goes without someone bowling a bouncer, the more it's going to be talked about, the more it's going to be on people's minds.
"I reckon just to clear the air, the first ball of the game, each game, should just be a bouncer. And just say, 'right, let's get on with business.'"
After Hughes' death, no bouncers were bowled by New Zealand's pacemen during their test win over Pakistan in United Arab Emirates, though the slow, flat pitches would have offered little bounce to trouble batsmen.
India paceman Mohammed Shami wasted little time in the opening day of his team's tour match against a Cricket Australia XI in Adelaide on Thursday, sending down a bouncer at batsman Jordan Silk in his first over.
"(I was) a little bit shaken up but I just stayed composed and if anything it probably got me going a bit better," Silk told TV reporters in Adelaide.
Australia selector Mark Waugh agreed that bowlers might struggle to be as aggressive as usual in the first test in Adelaide, which starts on Tuesday.
"I think it probably will be (that way), maybe for the first test and then, as Merv said, as the summer rolls on, people get back to a bit of normality, their natural instincts kick in," he told Fox Sports.
(Writing by Ian Ransom; Editing by Greg Stutchbury)
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

Apple: The people taking us to court over iPods have no right to sueBy Hayley Tsukayama December 5 Follow @htsuka
In a court filing, Apple said it's uncovered evidence the plaintiff has no standing to sue. (Photo by: Timothy A. Clary/AFP/Getty Images)
A billion-dollar lawsuit against Apple fell into doubt after the electronics giant on Friday claimed the case is missing a vital piece: plaintiffs who can actually sue the company.
The decade-old class-action lawsuit accused Apple of installing restrictive software in its iPod that prevented the device from playing digital music sold by rivals of its iTunes store. The move, according to the plaintiffs, allowed Apple to corner the market for digital music and led to higher music prices.
But in an unexpected twist, Apple presented evidence late Thursday that the two plaintiffs — Marianna Rosen and Melanie Wilson — didn’t actually buy iPods covered by the suit, sending the attorneys for the plaintiffs scrambling to salvage the case.
The suit specifically covers iPods bought between September 2006 and March 2009 that also ran software released with iTunes 7.0 or 7.4. After Rosen’s testimony on Wednesday, Apple’s lawyers asked to see her iPod and ran the serial number to see whether it truly qualified. That led them to a receipt for the device, which the lawyers said showed the player was bought in July 2009, roughly three months after the class action period.
Other qualifying iPods Rosen said she purchased, the filing said, were actually purchased by her former husband’s law firm. And Wilson’s iPod, the lawyers said, did not have the versions of software covered by the class action suit.
“[No] named plaintiff has suffered injury-in-fact,” the company’s lawyers argued in the filing, and therefore have no standing to sue. The lawyers also cited previous rulings that say it’s not possible to substitute another plaintiff in the case.
The attorneys suing Apple have withdrawn Melanie Wilson – also identified in court filings as Melanie Tucker -- from the suit, leaving only Rosen as a plaintiff. They also asked the judge to add another plaintiff who was affected by Apple’s move.
“We believe Apple’s latest attempt to derail this case is baseless and we will be vigorously opposing Apple’s motion,” said Bonny Sweeney, the lead lawyer for the plaintiffs in this case. “News of Apple’s last-minute effort to dismiss the case has resulted an outpouring of support from absent class members who were harmed by the anti-competitive conduct at the heart of our case.”
But U.S. District Judge Yvonne Gonzalez Rogers signaled she not happy about the last-minute surprise.
“I am concerned that I don’t have a plaintiff. That’s a problem,” Gonzalez Rogers said at the end of the trial’s third day of testimony in Oakland, Calif., according to the Associated Press.
If the case is thrown out, it would derail nearly a decade of work by the plaintiffs, who even showed a video deposition of former Apple chief executive Steve Jobs, taped just a few months before he died in 2011. The lawsuit is seeking $350 million damages, which could be tripled if the jury finds Apple violated federal antitrust law.
Hayley Tsukayama covers consumer technology for The Washington Post.

Dow Hits Record High After Jobs Datadow hits record high after jobs data
Stocks and dollar rise after US jobs reportStocks and dollar gain after US jobs data
Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e8f2d7e4-7c2d-11e4-a695-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Payrolls leads Wall Street higher; Dow near 18 000Wall St. falls third session, led by tech, discretionaries
By Caroline Valetkevitch, Reuters
8
Energy shares rebounded, keeping the S&P 500 and Dow mostly in positive territory until a bout of late-day selling took indexes lower. The S&P 500 moved more than 44 points from its high of the day to its low, while the CBOE Volatility index jumped 15.4 percent.
cComments
This article has scant reference to the biggest story on the international scene today, the free fall of the Russian Rouble now at 79 to the dollar, up from the 30s just a short time ago. BBC said today, "Russia's rouble went into free-fall in Tuesday trading, falling repeatedly to...
Kasha11
131
The Russian rouble hit new lows against the dollar following oil's extended selloff, before rebounding. Brent and U.S. crude oil's more than 50 percent drop since June have put global demand at the forefront of concerns for investors.
"The market is kind of in this push-pull. Traditionally, this time of year is a strong season. People buy stocks that have done well so you get this bump up," said Daniel Morgan, senior portfolio manager at Synovus Trust Company in Atlanta.
"But you've got the market being pulled back by the prices in oil continuing to fall and the ramifications associated with that."
Shares of Microsoft, down 3.2 percent at $45.16, and Amazon, down 3.6 percent at $295.06, were the biggest drags on the S&P 500, while energy shares gave the index its biggest boost. The energy index ended up 0.7 percent but is down about 16.6 percent for the year.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 111.97 points, or 0.65 percent, to 17,068.87, the S&P 500 lost 16.89 points, or 0.85 percent, to 1,972.74 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 57.32 points, or 1.24 percent, to 4,547.83.
Shares of PepsiCo, which had 7.4 percent of 2013 revenue from Russia, fell 1.6 percent to $92.59. Apple, down 1.4 percent at $106.75, confirmed it has taken down its online store in Russia due to extreme fluctuations in the rouble.
Chevron, up 0.8 percent at $101.70, helped lead the points advance in the energy sector. Chevron's forward price-to-earnings ratio was at 13.6 at the close on Monday, compared to the S&P 500's 16.1, meaning investors pay less for every dollar of Chevron's earnings than they do for the S&P 500 overall.
Among top percentage gainers, Nabors Industries, up 2.2 percent at $10.51, had a forward P/E of 8.6, while Denbury Resources' P/E was 8.9. Denbury rose 7.3 percent.
Early in the session, bets on the Federal Reserve's next move provided some support. Fed officials will decide this week whether to make a critical change to their policy statement that would widen the door for interest rate hikes next year. In October, The Fed repeated that benchmark rates were unlikely to rise for a "considerable time."
About 9.3 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, well above the 7.1 billion average this month, according to BATS Global Markets.     Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE 1,790 to 1,288, for a 1.39-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,500 issues fell and 1,223 advanced for a 1.23-to-1 ratio.
(editing by Chizu Nomiyama, Nick Zieminski and Meredith Mazzilli)

Diu administration likely to tie up with Gujarat for tourismDiu administration likely to tie up with Gujarat for tourism
Press Trust Of India | Ahmedabad Dec 05, 2014 08:58 PM IST
Union Territory Diu is likely to join hands with the Gujarat government in near future to boost its tourism, the district administrator said today.
"The administration of Union Territories (UTs) has been taking efforts to make Diu a tourism hub. We will tie up with the Gujarat government so that tourists who come to visit the Asiatic lions' at Gir sanctuary can be attracted to Diu," Administrator of Diu, Daman Ashish Kundra said.
"The tourists, after visiting Gir sanctuary, can come to Diu for a stay. The administration will provide them tents at the sea-beach," he said.If such arrangements are provided then Diu will also get the benefits from the flow of tourists in Gujarat, Kundra said.
He further said that Diu is known as 'Mini- Goa' amongst the tourists from Gujarat, on the other hand Gir is also a tourism hot-spot, if influx of tourists increases in Gir, Diu will also get its benefit.The Union Territory of Diu is at about 110 kms from the Asiatic lions' sanctuary in Gir in Gir Somnath district in Gujarat. 

Exit interview: Carolyn McCarthy: If I didnt do it  who wouldBy Ed O'Keefe December 5 Follow @edatpost
Retiring at the end of this year after nine terms in the House, Rep. Carolyn McCarthy (D-N.Y.) heads to a vote at the U.S. Capitol on Nov. 12, 2014. (Melina Mara/The Washington Post)
Rep. Carolyn McCarthy (D-N.Y.) is preparing to step down after nine terms in Congress — a stretch that she never wanted or expected.
“I didn’t take into consideration — because I knew nothing about politics — how long things take around here,” she said in a recent interview.
The 70-year old came to Congress in 1996 and is stepping down amid setbacks for the gun-control movement. Read our full story on her retirement here , and a partial transcript of the interview appears below:
O'Keefe: Early on you anticipated being maybe just a one- or two-term lawmaker. Why did you keep coming back?
McCarthy: "I didn’t take into consideration, because I knew nothing about politics, how long things take around here. I used to say, once I got a bill passed, I’d come home. That was my intention. While I came here to reduce gun violence, I had to do a lot of other things. And that takes time to learn.
"And I’ve always said, when you graduate from Congress, I want a PhD, because that’s how much you learn. … Overall, it was a wonderful experience that someone like me could actually come and work here in Congress. That was not in my plans for life."
Watch video of the interview, here :
You’ve done financial services and health-care work, but the original reason you came was gun control. This was a rough political cycle for the gun control movement. Ron Barber might not even make it back.
"I can understand that. You look at the mass killings – I probably didn’t stop crying for a week after Newtown. … From Newtown to where we are today, I actually have more hope that the movement will go further today than it did when I first came here. Mainly because the courts in the states are looking at gun violence and seeing what they can do. Washington State – bring it to the people, and they voted for more background checks. There were two members in the Senate in the State of [Oregon], who lost their elections to two Democrats who were looking to do more to reduce gun violence.
"I do believe that in time – and everything around here takes a long, long time – that we’re going forward."
What was it like being perceived as a single-issue congresswoman?
"It’s very frustrating, because when I went on TV, it was because I was the only one who would go on TV. And then I would hear from people, ‘Well, she’s trying to make a tragedy.’ You know what? No. Because you only call me during a tragedy. Call me when there’s no tragedy and I’ll talk about it.
"After Virginia Tech, yes, I did every TV show and somebody on the air accused me of [political opportunism], and I said, 'This is the only time it happens. This is the only time I can say we have solutions.'
"And after Virginia Tech, I had a bill… finally something got done that could increase the background checks. ... So yes, it was depressing and again, it’s almost like a slow drip. It wears you out. But if I didn’t do it, who would?"
What was your best day on the job?
"My best day in Congress was after Virginia Tech., because it was the most reasonable and certainly the only bill that got passed in nearly 14 years. In the House and the Senate, now I’m not going to be bragging about it, because they did it by unanimous consent – that’s fine, but I have to say I called the White House a lot, because I wanted to be there with President Bush signing that bill, and he was very gracious.
"I understand why his staff didn’t want a photo. I said, I don’t need a photo, I just want to know that after all these years, I accomplished one thing that I was trying to do. … That was a pretty exciting day."
Read the full story on McCarthy's impending retirement here .
Ed O’Keefe is a congressional reporter with The Washington Post and covered the 2008 and 2012 presidential and congressional elections.

Bipartisan support for federal probe into Eric Garner killingBy Greg Sargent December 5 Follow @theplumlinegs
There has been a lot of chatter about the remarkable degree of condemnation across ideological lines of the failure of a Staten Island grand jury to indict the officer who killed Eric Garner in a forbidden choke-hold.
In that context, it will be particularly interesting to see how Republican lawmakers react to the Justice Department’s civil rights investigation into the killing.
Some Senate Republicans are now saying that the investigation will become the subject of a line of questioning for Obama’s nominee to be the next Attorney General, Loretta Lynch, who is overseeing the probe. Senator John Cornyn, who is on the Judiciary Committee that will hear Lynch’s confirmation hearing, made a noteworthy statement to that effect :
Republicans on the Senate Judiciary Committee said Thursday that the Garner case would no doubt be raised, as would questions about Ms. Lynch’s view of the federal government’s asserting itself in recent cases in which white law enforcement officers have not faced state charges after being involved in the deaths of black Americans.
“Why does the federal government feel like it is its responsibility and role to be the leader in an investigation in a local instance?” asked Senator John Cornyn, Republican of Texas, who said all state and local options should first be exhausted. “I want to know what her priorities are.”
That sounds like Cornyn may oppose the probe, on the grounds that this should first be left to “state and local options.” The New York Police Department is conducting an internal investigation, and it’s unclear why such local probes should supplant a federal one (if indeed that is what Cornyn believes). The investigation will seek to determine whether Garner’s civil rights were violated, so when Cornyn says he will ask what the investigation’s “priorities” are, it’s unclear what this line of questioning would entail.
At the same time, though, another Republican on the Judiciary Committee, Jeff Sessions, appears to support the Justice Department’s authority to conduct the probe, and may not make it an issue at a confirmation hearing :
“The Department of Justice needs to be careful not to politicize events but at the same time the Department of Justice has the authority to independently investigate these cases,” Sessions said in an interview. “I suppose her recommendation as U.S. attorney there would be a key recommendation in what’s decided.”
Sessions added: “I doubt I’ll be asking about that.”
The incoming chairman of the Judiciary Committee is Chuck Grassley. His office didn’t return an email for comment about Cornyn’s suggestion.
Tracking the Republican response to this probe will help shed light on whether there are genuine prospects for bipartisan cooperation on the larger issues that have been raised by the Garner and other killings. After the Michael Brown shooting in Ferguson, hopes rose for bipartisan action against the problem of police over-militarization , an area where there is already some agreement between the civil liberties left and the libertarian right, and beyond that, drug law sentencing and criminal justice reform, another area of left-right overlap.
One Democrat points out that Grassley, Sessions, and Cornyn — all of whom will play a big role in Lynch’s confirmation hearings — were out front in opposition to bipartisan reforms that would have reduced the sentences of many low level drug offenders, arguing they were soft on crime. That perhaps doesn’t bode well for the Garner killing to help spur bipartisan agreement on broader reforms, particularly among the Senate GOP old guard.
On this score, Senator Rand Paul could play an interesting role. After the Ferguson shooting, he came out with a remarkable statement in support of action against police militarization, and even acknowledged that it is understandable that African Americans see racial disparities in the criminal justice system. But Paul’s response also demonstrated lingering disagreements among civil liberties progressives and libertarian conservatives over how deeply the inequities of our criminal justice system are rooted in longstanding racial inequality.
And when Democrats, in a bit of clever trolling, invited Paul to join them in supporting a federal probe into the broader civil rights and racial profiling ramifications of the shooting, he did not, to my knowledge, respond.
A Paul spokesman confirms to me that he has not yet taken a position on the Justice Department’s probe into the Garner killing.
All of this will be particularly interesting to track once the Lynch confirmation hearings — and the federal investigation of the Staten Island killing — get under way. They could once again test the limits of the left-right alliance in tackling some of the broader issues that these killings have pushed to the fore.
Greg Sargent writes The Plum Line blog, a reported opinion blog with a liberal slant -- what you might call “opinionated reporting” from the left.

Rupee bounces back 15 paise against Dollar to end at twoweek high of 6177Rupee bounces back 15 paise against Dollar to end at twoweek high of 6177
http://www.rollingstone....By Rolling Stone |
December 5, 2014
Last month, Rolling Stone published a story entitled A Rape on Campus, which described a brutal gang rape of a woman named Jackie during a party at a University of Virginia fraternity house, the University's failure to respond to this alleged assault – and the school's troubling history of indifference to many other instances of alleged sexual assaults. The story generated worldwide headlines and much soul-searching at UVA. University president Teresa Sullivan promised a full investigation and also to examine the way the school investigates sexual assault allegations.
Because of the sensitive nature of Jackie's story, we decided to honor her request not to contact the man who she claimed orchestrated the attack on her nor any of the men who she claimed participated in the attack for fear of retaliation against her. In the months Sabrina Rubin Erdely reported the story, Jackie said or did nothing that made her, or Rolling Stone's editors and fact-checkers, question her credibility. Jackie’s friends and rape activists on campus strongly supported her account. She had spoken of the assault in  campus forums. We reached out to both the local branch and the national leadership of Phi Psi, the fraternity where Jackie said she was attacked. They responded that they couldn’t confirm or deny her story but that they had questions about the evidence. 
In the face of new information reported by the Washington Post and other news outlets, there now appear to be discrepancies in Jackie's account. The fraternity has issued a formal statement denying the assault and asserting that there was no "date function or formal event" on the night in question. Jackie herself is now unsure if the man she says lured her into the room where the rape occurred, identified in the story as "Drew," was a Phi Psi brother. According to the Washington Post, "Drew" actually belongs to a different fraternity and when contacted by the paper, he denied knowing Jackie. Jackie told Rolling Stone that after she was assaulted, she ran into "Drew" at a UVA pool where they both worked as lifeguards. In its statement, Phi Psi says none of its members worked at the pool in the fall of 2012. A friend of Jackie’s (who we were told would not speak to Rolling Stone) told the Washington Post that he found Jackie that night a mile from the school's fraternities. She did not appear to be "physically injured at the time" but was shaken.  She told him that that she had been forced to have oral sex with a group of men at a fraternity party, but he does not remember her identifying a specific house. Other friends of Jackie’s told the Washington Post that they now have doubts about her narrative, but Jackie told the Washington Post that she firmly stands by the account she gave to Erdely. 
We published the article with the firm belief that it was accurate. Given all of these reports, however, we have come to the conclusion that we were mistaken in honoring Jackie's request to not contact the alleged assaulters to get their account. In trying to be sensitive to the unfair shame and humiliation many women feel after a sexual assault, we made a judgment – the kind of judgment reporters and editors make every day. We should have not made this agreement with Jackie and we should have worked harder to convince her that the truth would have been better served by getting the other side of the story. These mistakes are on Rolling Stone, not on Jackie. We apologize to anyone who was affected by the story and we will continue to investigate the events of that evening.
Will Dana

Laura Dern talks career  from Jurassic Park to EnlightenedBy Emily Yahr December 5 Follow @emilyyahr
Laura Dern arrives at the Los Angeles premiere Of “Wild” in Beverly Hills. (Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP)
Laura Dern has had quite the career. It takes another turn with highly-anticipated “Wild” released on Friday, in which Dern stars as the late mother of Reese Witherspoon’s character, author Cheryl Strayed. The role, based on Strayed’s memoir of the same name, was particularly tough (Strayed’s mother died of cancer, which sent Strayed into a complete collapse that led to her grueling solo hike) in an earlier story , we talked to Dern about the unique challenges behind the film. ( Laura Dern on the unique challenges of ‘Wild’: ‘My heart completely cracked open.’ ). But we also took the opportunity to ask about some of her other big roles through the years.
“Enlightened” (Lacey Terrell/HBO)
On playing Amy Jellicoe, the quirky corporate worker who had a nervous breakdown, became zen and tried to enact social change, on HBO’s critically-adored dramedy “Enlightened”:
I love portraying the mess. I would love to shatter all ideas of stereotypes because it’s a lot to wrestle with — and now that I’m a mom I see so much how we model behavior. The whole concept that we started with was, as I said in the beginning to HBO, “What if [someone like] Lucille Ball — who gets everything wrong — was a rager and then is the only person who’s going to use their voice and become Norma Rae?” That really interested me because no one else was getting in the streets at the time. I mean, this was right after the Bush versus Gore election that I started thinking about this character. It really excited me and I think that’s what people talk about all the time: It’s literally like, Lucille Ball was my inspiration growing up because it’s that same feeling [with Amy]: Like, “Oh my God, oh my God, I watch your show, but I’m so uncomfortable, I can barely look at her but I love her!” It’s my favorite thing to hear. We’re gonna get through this together and find empathy for her.
Laura Dern (l) and Mary Kay Place (r) in “Citizen Ruth” (Miramax Films, 1996.)
On whether she knew that director Alexander Payne was going to be a big deal when she starred in his first film “Citizen Ruth” as the title character, a pregnant drug addict who wound up in the middle of the abortion debate:
Yes. I mean, because he and Jim Taylor are the most brilliant writing duo. Very little was improvised, too. It’s the craziest lines that feel so improvised, because you can’t believe anybody would put on the page. Some of the things I said in that movie were definitely my learned dialogue that night. He was on fire and he’s equally on fire today. I’m so thrilled as a fan and best friend of his that the director that I saw on the first film is the same director now. Yes, he’s learned so much and he’s so much more skilled in his own vision just from making so many films now. But this same wild determination and freedom and openness to actors and clarity about comedy? That he had day one. He didn’t need to learn that, he was a genius from day one and I love him so much.
 
“Recount” (Gene Page/HBO)
On how HBO’s 2000 election movie “Recount” (in which Dern won a Golden Globe for playing embattled former Florida secretary of state Katherine Harris) is still very timely in today’s political climate:
Girl. I mean, my God. Working on “Recount” definitely was the beginning of the seed of Amy Jellicoe, that is definitely where it started. The most amazing thing was that I think Jay Roach (who directed it) and I really could never have made up the things we learned. And so I had to just figure out how to give some humanity and depth of passion to a person that had become a huge stereotype in this country and had been sent up on “Saturday Night Live” and “Mad TV” and everything. So it’s like, how do you make that human? How do you make that real? Because she really was the precursor to what we were about to see on an even larger stage with Sarah Palin. And it was there and we were ignoring it. We’re like, “No. They’re never going to give real credibility to someone who — guess what guys, she could become vice president in, like, 10 minutes.” It just suddenly — the conversation has continued. So it’s really interesting. But “Recount” taught me a lot because my dad told me you can never hate the characters you play and you have to love your characters. So I learned a lot on that.
“Jurassic Park” (Amblin Entertainment/Universal Pictures via NBC)
On if she’s surprised “Jurassic Park” — in which she played paleobotanist Dr. Ellie Sattler — is returning with “Jurassic World” next year:
It makes sense to be honest, I think Steven Spielberg has thought about it from the beginning and talked about it, and Michael Crichton has talked about it. And genetic modification and the use of cloning is so huge in science now so it’s far more relevant than before. Like, by the way? It actually could happen! [Laughs] Yes, we can do that right now! I mean, not exactly, but very likely. It’s a really interesting story to reinvent right now. But I know nothing about what it’s going to be, so we’ll see. I’ll be very curious. I know when they did the 3D version of the film, Steven showed it to all of us and that was really fun. I had forgotten what a pioneered film it was — it was so cutting edge and there had been nothing like it. And it was the first CGI and it was so radical, it was such a cool thing to be part of. I feel lucky to have been there to see something feel so unique.
Earlier:

Naidu to now focus on building capital city  getting investmentsNaidu to now focus on building capital city, getting investments
BS Reporter | Hyderabad Dec 05, 2014 08:46 PM IST
Andhra Pradesh chief minister N Chandrababu Naidu today said his government would announce sector-wise policies and incentives for attracting investments into the state within a month.
"We will do it without waiting any further for the package of incentives promised by the Government of India as the delay would result in missed opportunities for the state," he said while interacting with the media as his government is set to complete six months in office this week.
Naidu, however, said he would continue to pursue with the Centre to get the special package and other incentives promised in the AP Bifurcation Act at the earliest.
The state government had recently announced the automobile sector policy with huge tax incentives applicable to integrated automobile manufacturing projects having a total investment commitment of over Rs 2,000 crore. "If I am not big on the incentives how would the investments come to the state?" he questioned when asked if the incentives such as VAT reimbursement equivalent to one-and-a-half times of the capital expenditure to the automobile sector was on the higher side.
On why the Centre was taking so long to announce the incentives to AP despite the TDP being a partner in the NDA government, Naidu said he could not blame the Government of India as the low growth in the country's economy had put everybody in problems. "In my case, the problems are manifold," he said.
With major electoral promises such as implementation of enhanced old-age pension at Rs 1,000 a month and the first phase loan waiver more or less in place, the government would now start dealing with the issues of capital city development and other developmental needs in infrastructure.
Naidu said a host of facilities, including government buildings, residential, and socio, commercial infrastructure, would be developed in the identified capital city region in the first phase, which, according to him, would be completed before the 2019 elections. Meantime, the government would also start building some facilities to shift a part of the government activities to Vijayawada, he said.
For improving the air-connectivity to the capital city region, the government has already asked the civil aviation authorities to complete the construction of the new terminal building at the existing Vijayawada airport in the next six months besides readying the new runway in 6-8 months' time, he said. "But later we would go for greenfield international airports both in Vijayawada and Visakhapatnam and will strengthen the existing airport at Tirupati," he said.
The government is also working with various service providers to provide every household in AP with 15 MBPS bandwidth internet connectivity costing as low as Rs 130 per month in two years .
Resources
The chief minister said his government would use multiple channels to raise resources to fund the capital city and other infrastructure. He said even red sanders would be used for this purpose by regrowing the plant species in the vast forest lands on a continuous basis.
About the change in his policies on subsidies, Naidu said he had not quit the path of economic reforms but was only trying to see that the benefits of the economic development reaches all the sections of society. "I had linked all the welfare programmes to Aadhaar. This way, I had saved Rs 700 crore of public money just in the public distribution system. I contained the activities of red sanders mafia, which had left just the C-grade wood by the time we came to power. All these are part of my economic reform agenda," he said.
His government has targeted to almost triple the gross state domestic product to Rs 12.75 lakh crore from the present Rs 4.75 lakh crore by 2019.

India  Russia looking to sign 15-20 pacts | Not a good time to do biz with Russia: USPutin will hold detailed talks with Modi both in restricted and delegation level formats. He will also call on President Pranab Mukherjee who will hold a banquet for him.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Russian President Vladimir Putin will arrive here for the annual Summit with Prime Minister Narendra Modi on December 11 during which they will spell out their vision for cooperation in key areas including defence and nuclear as two sides are looking at inking 15-20 pacts during the nearly 20-hour-long visit.
The visit is expected to impart new dynamism to "special and privileged" Indo-Russia ties and the two sides will be taking stock of the current state of relations apart from discussing ways to significantly enhance bilateral trade from the current $10 billion during the 15th Summit meeting.
Putin will hold detailed talks with Modi both in restricted and delegation level formats. He will also call on President Pranab Mukherjee who will hold a banquet for him.
Sources said specific discussions are likely to take place on various key projects including the envisaged gas pipeline linking Russia with India and the ambitious Fifth Generation Fighter Aircraft (FGFA) programme.
Further cooperation in the nuclear energy area is also likely to figure prominently during the talks.
"President Putin's visit is a landmark event and is expected to provide fresh impetus to the existing bilateral relations between the two countries. The dominant theme of this summit will be the spelling out by the two leaders a joint vision of our relationship for the next decade," Ajay Bisaria, Joint Secretary (EURASIA) said.
He said the vision document will provide a road map to enhance partnership between two countries to a "qualitatively new level" in key areas of nuclear energy, hydrocarbons, trade and defence.
Putin, who will be accompanied by a high-level delegation of officials and corporate leaders from Russia, and Modi are expected to jointly interact with CEOs of major companies from both the countries as well.
It will be the first annual summit meeting between Putin and Modi. The two leaders have met twice during the year. They met on the sidelines of the BRIC summit in Brazil in July during which Modi had mentioned to him that every child in India knows that Russia was India's "closest friend"
They met for the second time during the G-20 summit in Australia last month.

US Jobless Rates Fall for Women and Recent VetsIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

NASA imagery paints a rainy week for an otherwise dry CaliforniaBy Angela Fritz December 5 Follow @angelafritz
Total precipitation between Nov. 4 and Dec. 4, as seen from NASA satellites. (SSAI/NASA/JAXA, Hal Pierce)
New imagery released by NASA shows a boom month of rainfall for parts of California, which is in the midst of its  most intense drought in at least 1,200 years .
As of Wednesday, locations in northern California had received nearly 12 inches of rain over a period of five days. San Francisco racked up 4.33 inches in that period — 0.3 inches more than its entire December average.
(NWS Monterey)
NASA writes about the satellite program used to compile the images:
The Tropical Rainfall Measuring Mission or TRMM satellite and Global Precipitation Measurement or GPM constellation of satellites can measure rainfall from space. Data from TRMM and GPM were used to analyze the record-setting rainfall that fell this week in California.
Both TRMM and GPM are managed by both NASA and the Japanese Space Agency, JAXA. At NASA’s Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Maryland, a rainfall analysis was done using data from TRMM, GPM and other satellites for the California rain event.
The rainfall analysis created at NASA showed estimates of total precipitation that fell over the western United States during the past month, from Nov. 4 to Dec. 4, 2014. Northern California received the most precipitation. This analysis indicated that downpours over the past few weeks had dropped totals of over 300 mm (11.8 inches) in some areas. Heavy precipitation that fell at higher elevations will add to snow pack totals.
Rainfall departure from normal over California from Nov. 4 to Dec. 4 (SSAI/NASA/JAXA, Hal Pierce)
However, much more rainfall is needed to put a dent in the state’s historic drought.
Fifty five percent of California remains in an “exceptional drought” as of Thursday — the most severe classification on the scale used by the U.S. Drought Monitor, and 100 percent of the state remains in at least a moderate drought. Many of the state’s critical reservoirs remain well below their historical average.
Angela Fritz is an atmospheric scientist and The Post's deputy weather editor.

Will govt s disinvestment programme  SAIL  throughWill govt's disinvestment programme 'SAIL' through?
Puneet Wadhwa | New Delhi Dec 05, 2014 10:28 PM IST
The government’s ambitious disinvestment programme for 2014-15 kicked off on Friday with the sale of stake in Steel Authority of India Ltd (SAIL), through the offer-for-sale (OFS) route — barely three months before the financial year ends. Of the overall target of raising Rs 58,425 crore through disinvestment in the current financial year, the government raised Rs 1,715 crore through the SAIL OFS, which was subscribed 2.08 times on Friday; the portion reserved for retail investors was subscribed 2.66 times.
Besides the SAIL OFS, where the government is looking to pare five per cent of its stake to bring the holding to 75 per cent, there are companies like Coal India, ONGC, NHPC, Power Finance Corporation (PFC), Rural Electrification Corp (REC), Hindustan Zinc and Balco, where the government intends to divest stake, reports suggest.
However, going by the experience of the previous years — when the actual proceeds from stake sale were much lower than the targets — the government’s disinvestment target for 2014-15 appears too ambitious.
For instance, in 2013-14, receipts from sale of minority shareholding in Central Public Sector Enterprises (CPSEs) totalled Rs 15,819.46 crore, against a disinvestment target of Rs 40,000 crore, show data from the department of divestment. These disinvestment proceeds last year were: Rs 571.71 crore from MMTC; Rs 259.56 crore from Hindustan Copper; Rs 101.08 crore from National Fertilisers; Rs 30.17 crore from India Tourism Development Corp; Rs 4.54 crore from State Trading Corp; Rs 358.21 crore from Neyveli Lignite; Rs 2,131.28 crore from NHPC; Rs 1,637.32 crore from Power Grid Corp; Rs 497.32 crore from Engineers India Ltd; Rs 1,886.78 crore from Bharat Heavy Electricals Ltd; Rs 5,341.49 crore from Indian Oil Corp; Rs 3,000 crore from CPSE-ETF.
Likewise, in 2010-11, 2011-12 and 2012-13, the government could only garner Rs 22,144.21 crore, Rs 13,894.05 crore and Rs 23,956.81 crore through sale of minority shareholding in CPSEs, which were 44.64 per cent, 65.27 per cent, and 20.14 per cent short of actual targets for each of those years.
So, will this time be any different or will the cash-rich Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) again have to come to the rescue?
Ambit Investment Advisors Managing Director Vaibhav Sanghavi explains: “The one difference this time is that the markets are quite buoyant and foreign institutional investors (FIIs) are looking at opportunities to invest. So, if they get a good deal in terms of stocks/companies on offer, they will definitely invest. In terms of key macros, India is in a much better shape and the developments are being viewed positively by investors. Even if the disinvestment target for this financial year is not met, the shortfall will not be much.”
“For a retail investor wanting to buy PSU stocks, the government’s stake sale programme is a good time to get in. There are a lot of PSUs that have tremendous value. So, if one is looking to stay invested for the longer term, this is a good option. The retail investors are also getting a cushion in terms of discounts on offer in these issues,” he adds.
Meanwhile, there have been reports that LIC, known to be the government’s white knight for divestment programmes, has been exiting some stocks to prepare a war-chest for this year’s programme. Reports suggest LIC’s investment in equity markets this financial year has been Rs 45,000 crore; it could be ready to invest more through the government’s stake sale programme.
“I think the government has done the right thing by announcing the list of probable candidates well in advance. It also wants to address key issues like subsidies, which could have been an overhang for disinvestment candidates like ONGC. This gives a lot of clarity to investors wanting to buy these stocks or participating in the Centre’s disinvestment programme. It will ensure the programme is successful. Given the market environment we are in, I don’t think raising money for the government through the stake sale route will be a problem,” says Deven Choksey, managing director & chief executive of K R Choksey Shares and Securities.

http://usat.ly/1u0rTDw5 things for investors to brace for in 2015
Matt Krantz , USA TODAY 11:59 p.m. EST December 11, 2014
Video Keywords S&P 500 market stability initial phase Biotech Google FaceBook
Dan Chung, CEO and chief investment officer of Alger, talks with USA TODAY's Adam Shell about the odds of a record high for the NASDAQ during USA TODAY's Investment Roundtable.
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:03  Number one do you think the NASDAQ after fifteen years
00:07  we'll finally get back. To its old record high back in
00:10  the behaving at 2000. You know in this so what's driving
00:14  that and more importantly. What message will that new high beat
00:17  the market went it will will be the NASDAQ I'd be
00:20  viewed as. And the good side of the market stability healing
00:25  or will it be viewed. As yet you know a potential
00:28  and another sign. Day another bubble. That is you know ready
00:33  to burst and what you're taking anything remarkable react to that.
00:37  So I think the market will vest and an aspect particular
00:39  definitely. Test build on and I think it will go and
00:44  beyond it. On. I think the message actually is a very
00:48  positive wanted. Kind of powerful if you think it long sweeps
00:51  the time which is that while clearly below heights it reached
00:55  in the bubble. The initial phase of the Internet particular. Were
01:01  too early too fast too early. Bomb. But I find it
01:05  interesting that fifteen years later I think. The value in the
01:10  NASDAQ is a little higher than the S&P 500 but the
01:13  growth is also substantially higher. Driven of course by tech but
01:15  also been healthcare consumer which together are really 88% announced back.
01:21  On you know I looked at the sub components that the
01:23  NASDAQ carefully over the last couple weeks and there are many
01:26  parts of it including what's the biggest holding unit which is
01:29  apple which are not at all expensively values I think are
01:33  undervalued so. Armed and very confident that aspect of reached new
01:36  highs and I think witness over the last fifteen years says
01:38  is that. The idea that drove. The market to its highs
01:44  in the in the first phase. We're not in correct it
01:47  was simply hiding. Over the last fifteen years though these are
01:51  better companies that built that this has carefully. On a better
01:54  manage to beat of course have a new generation Google wasn't
01:57  part of that. Neither was FaceBook. But also for example in
02:02  the Biotech Kerry and farming area a lot of the drugs
02:05  that were not exciting early developments. Are now actually real products.
The 2014 USA TODAY Investment Roundtable contributors: Dan Chung, CEO and Chief Investment Officer at Alger; Savita Subramanian, head of U.S. Equity & Quantitative Strategy at BofA Merrill Lynch;  Rick Rieder, Chief Investment Officer of Fundamental Fixed Income at BlackRock; and Rupal Bhansali, Chief Investment Officer of International Equities at Ariel Investments in New York City, got together on Dec. 5, 2014.
(Photo: Todd Plitt, USA TODAY)
74 CONNECT 105 TWEET 16 LINKEDIN 9 COMMENTEMAILMORE
What would finally make investors happy? The market has been making new highs almost daily this year and has tripled from its 2009 lows. Yet it's one of the most hated and distrusted bull markets, giving stocks a bad rap they don't deserve, say panelists at USA TODAY's 19th annual Investment Roundtable.
These strategists and money managers don't see danger from the markets, anything but. Practically universally, they agreed stocks are headed higher in 2015, although they expect a bumpier ride amid a jump in market volatility. And while stocks might not chalk up another year of double-digit percentage gains, investors will be glad they stayed in the market, these analysts say.
That's just one of the major takeaways from USA TODAY's Investment Roundtable held Friday in New York. USA TODAY will roll out continued coverage of the 2015 Investment Roundtable next week. Details, including stock picks and other detailed forecasts, are forthcoming. But investors who can't wait that long can chew on the five key points, including:
•The market will continue to plow higher. Stocks might not be as cheap as they were a few years ago, but there's plenty of room to make new highs, says Dan Chung, chief investment officer at Alger Funds, who called this "one of the most hated bull markets in equities of all time." Investors will just have to be more selective in picking spots in the market that still have plenty of upside left, says Rupal Bhansali, chief investment officer of international equities at Ariel Investments.
•Higher rates aren't a bull killer. It's likely the Federal Reserve will raise short-term rates, currently pegged between 0% and 0.25%, to 1% next year, says Rick Rieder, chief investment officer of fundamental fixed income at BlackRock. But that's still "incredibly accommodating," he says. The key to the market's reaction will be the pace at which the Fed hikes rates. But Rieder expects the Fed's moves to be measured and says there are other forces in play that should keep long-term interest rates from spiking sharply. Short-term rates will continue to trade south of 2% for at least a couple of years, he adds.
This file photo shows a Wall Street sign near the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) building in New York.
(Photo: JEWEL SAMAD, AFP/Getty Images)
•Nasdaq is going to see more action. If there's been one blemish on this bull market it's that the Nasdaq remains the last major stock index to be unable to notch a new record high. But that will change next year, says Chung, who predicts the tech-focused stock index will finally take out its March 10, 2000, record close of 5048.62. Stocks in the Nasdaq are in much better health now than they were in 2000. Much lower valuations and improved profitability — not to mention companies such as Google that weren't even publicly traded companies 15 years ago — will finally put the Nasdaq on new high ground, Chung says.
•Rise of volatility. The panelists agreed that while market gains might be modestly upward, they won't be easy. Chung says he wouldn't be surprised to see periods of intense volatility next year, not unlike the biotech-stock drubbing in early 2014 and the nearly 10% broad market decline in the fall. But that's why these stock pickers think that stock picking will be more important in 2015. "Volatility is an opportunity," says Bhansali. For instance, she thinks that many health care companies will find demand for their services to be so great that earnings will benefit.
•It's not a risk-free market. Stocks have room to run, but there are still concerns. Many equity and fixed-income investors, for example, have been piling into the same trades, which increases the risks of losses if those trades reverse. Many investors, for example, are shorting short-term interest rates, going long the U.S. dollar and building long positions in shorter maturity European bonds, according to Rieder. "You have to diversify like crazy," he says. Similarly, some panelists worry that investors that have rushed into bond-like stocks — such as high-dividend-paying stocks and utilities -- might be paying too much.
One big worry for foreign-stock focused Bhansali is China. She fears the real estate bubble there led to an overload of debt — one that the government might find itself on the hook for, she says. Big debt binges tend to end badly, and that's a concern for China. Growth in China and India is especially important, since that could be the needed antidote to sluggish growth in Europe, Chung says.
But despite these risks, stocks are the place to be, Bhansali says. "There is a scarcity of growth and yield in the world," she says. "Get the best of both worlds from the equity market," where many stocks yield more than 10-year U.S. government bonds.
Video Keywords Dow Jones Industrial Average Wall Street's stock market S&P 500 NASDAQ
David Callaway, editor in chief of USA TODAY, talks about USA TODAY's 2015 Investment Roundtable.
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:02  Hi I'm David Callaway is editor in chief of USA
00:05  today. The US stock market is poised to finish 2014. With
00:10  one of its best years ever with the Dow Jones Industrial
00:13  Average and the S&P 500 index setting record after record. And
00:17  the NASDAQ poised to recapture levels that hasn't seen in fifteen
00:21  years. Against that backdrop. USA today has convened for Wall Street's
00:27  most successful market strategists. Ports and nineteenth annual investment roundtable. To
00:32  tell you what they expect it's gonna happen next year to
00:35  year investments we help you like it.
74 CONNECT 105 TWEET 16 LINKEDIN 9 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1A19VW3
USA TODAY INVESTMENT ROUNDTABLE 2015

Postal commission replaces jet-setting chair amid scrutiny of travel habitsBy Josh Hicks December 5 Follow @reporter_hicks
The Postal Regulatory Commission has replaced chairman Ruth Goldway, who was criticized for frequent trips abroad. (Tim Sloan/AFP-Getty Images)
President Obama replaced the globetrotting chairman of the Postal Regulatory Commission this week after years of criticism over frequent trips she charged to U.S. taxpayers.
The PRC confirmed on Friday that Obama tapped commissioner Robert Taub to take the place of Ruth Goldway as head of the panel, serving on an interim basis until the Senate confirms a permanent replacement. The Washington Free Beacon first reported the change on Friday .
Goldway racked up nearly $71,000 in official travel expenses during her first three years as chairman, outpacing her predecessor, according to a 2012  Washington Post review . Her trips included visits to Portugal, Switzerland and China to meet with international postal regulators, as well as a trek to Scotland two years ago, where she talked with European envelope manufacturers just days before the Postal Service announced record-setting losses.
The former chairman spent another $36,000 on travel to Rio de Janeiro, Stockholm and other popular foreign destinations between 2012 and 2013, according to a  Free Beacon report  last month.
Additionally, the PRC’s Office of the Inspector General issued a report in June saying Goldway used a personal credit card to pay for over $18,000 in travel expenses, which the commission later reimbursed. Such uses of personal credit cards for official travel is prohibited, since it could be used to accrue credit card rewards for the cardholder.
Sen. Tom Coburn (R-Okla.), who has been one of Goldway’s most vocal critics in Congress, had questioned her travel habits. “While personal days are paid for with her private funds, documentation detailing Goldway’s trips raise questions about the business importance of the trips,” he said in his 2013 Wastebook , an annual list of federal expenditures that the Republican considers to be questionable.
Rep. Darrell Issa (R-Calif.), who heads the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, has suggested that Goldway should have been more mindful of her travel amid the Postal Service’s recent financial troubles. “When organizations are struggling, good leaders often make a pointed effort of curbing their own expenses as an example,” he said in 2012.
Goldway has been with the commission since 1998, serving as its chairman since 2009. She remained as head of the panel after her most recent term expired at the end of last month.
Coburn and Sen. Tom Carper (D-Del.), who have worked together on postal legislation, urged President Obama in July to name a new chair before Goldway’s term ended. They said the move would “remove uncertainty” and allow the panel to “continue its work on postal reform with a better sense of who will be implementing it in the coming years.”
PRC spokeswoman Gail Adams on Friday said Goldway plans to remain with the commission until her replacement has been confirmed.
Josh Hicks covers the federal government and anchors the Federal Eye blog. He reported for newspapers in the Detroit and Seattle suburbs before joining the Post as a contributor to Glenn Kessler’s Fact Checker blog in 2011.

The Redskins advertised tickets to the Rams game on Facebook. It didnt go wellBy Dan Steinberg December 5 Follow @dcsportsbog
(By Jonathan Newton / The Washington Post)
The Redskins have a home game on Sunday. As typically happens a few days before a Redskins home game, the team announced that it has “a limited number of single-game seats” available, due to “ticket returns from the visiting team.” At full price, naturally. And so the team posted a notice about these tickets on Facebook Thursday night.
Now, this is nothing new, not to this game or this season. What is new is that Redskins-Rams ticket prices on the secondary market have plunged , and are now hovering around the cost of a sandwich.
And so fans reacted poorly to the Facebook notice of full-price box office tickets for sale. A sampling.

Dont support laws you are not willing to kill to enforceBy Ilya Somin December 5
Yale Law School Professor Stephen Carter – a prominent left of center legal scholar – has an excellent column highlighting an important lesson of the recent tragic death of Eric Garner at the hands of a New York City police officer. Unlike the Michael Brown case in Ferguson, Missouri, where there was conflicting witness testimony , this killing was pretty obviously indefensible, and has been condemned by observers across the political spectrum . But, as Carter emphasizes, incidents like this are also a predictable consequence of the overextension of the regulatory state:
On the opening day of law school, I always counsel my first-year students never to support a law they are not willing to kill to enforce. Usually they greet this advice with something between skepticism and puzzlement, until I remind them that the police go armed to enforce the will of the state, and if you resist, they might kill you.
I wish this caution were only theoretical. It isn’t. Whatever your view on the refusal of a New York City grand jury to indict the police officer whose chokehold apparently led to the death of Eric Garner, it’s useful to remember the crime that Garner is alleged to have committed: He was selling individual cigarettes, or loosies, in violation of New York law…..
The problem is actually broader. It’s not just cigarette tax laws that can lead to the death of those the police seek to arrest. It’s every law. Libertarians argue that we have far too many laws, and the Garner case offers evidence that they’re right. I often tell my students that there will never be a perfect technology of law enforcement, and therefore it is unavoidable that there will be situations where police err on the side of too much violence rather than too little. Better training won’t lead to perfection. But fewer laws would mean fewer opportunities for official violence to get out of hand.
As Carter points out later in his article, the scope of government regulation has grown so great that the vast majority of Americans have violated criminal law at one time or another . This sad state of affairs multiplies the opportunities for dangerous interactions between police and civilians, and virtually guarantees that abuses like this will recur.
Some critics of police misconduct implicitly assume that we can have our law enforcement cake and eat it too. They believe that we can simultaneously have police enforce thousands of petty laws and regulations, yet also extirpate racial profiling and excessive use of force to such an extent that police abuse of civilians will no longer be a serious problem. We can indeed take steps such as curbing the militarization of police , and eliminating double standards under which the criminal justice system treats wrongdoing by police far more leniently than similar violence by civilians .
But even if we make substantial progress on these fronts, a society where almost everyone is a criminal will still be a society where the sheer number of hostile interactions between police and civilians will be very large, which in turn ensures that there will be considerable room for abuse. Moreover, curbing police abuse through training, supervision, and after-the-fact accountability is far from an easy task. Among other things, prosecutors are understandably reluctant to go after the very same police departments whose cooperation they need to gather evidence and apprehend suspects. In addition, police are a well-organized interest group with considerable lobbying power and influence over both major political parties.
Carter correctly points out that the massive growth of criminal and regulatory law means that almost anyone can potentially end up in the same situation as Eric Garner. But it is also true that police abuses are far more likely to victimize poor African-Americans and other politically weak groups. That further complicates the task of trying to address the problem by reforming police procedure without also taking a hard look at the scope of the underlying laws that the police are tasked with enforcing. Even with people with considerable political clout find it difficult to impose accountability on police who engage in abusive violence against them.
As Carter notes, “activists on the right and the left tend to believe that all of their causes are of great importance. Whatever they want to ban or require, they seem unalterably persuaded that the use of state power is appropriate.” But we should always remember that “[e]very new law requires enforcement; every act of enforcement includes the possibility of violence.” If we really want to curb police abuses, we should think carefully about whether all the laws we have on the books are really worth killing for.
UPDATE: I should perhaps note that the point made by Carter does not apply to purely symbolic laws that do not include any attached penalties, such as fines or prison time, such as the many congressional resolutions declaring that a particular date is National Warthog Day or the like. However, it does apply to the many thousands of state and federal laws that do include penalties for violation.
Ilya Somin is Professor of Law at George Mason University. His research focuses on constitutional law, property law, and popular political participation. He is the author of "The Grasping Hand: Kelo v. City of New London and the Limits of Eminent Domain" (forthcoming) and "Democracy and Political Ignorance: Why Smaller Government is Smarter."

Plans afoot to reshape Planning Commission: PMPlans afoot to reshape Planning Commission: PM
NASA s Orion capsule blasts off on  first step  to MarsNASA s Orion capsule blasts off on  first step  to Mars
Extra margin on castor seed futures justified: NCDEXExtra margin on castor seed futures justified: NCDEX
Bs Reporter |  Dec 05, 2014 10:22 PM IST
The National Commodity & Derivatives Exchange Ltd (NCDEX) said it had imposed an extra margin of five per cent on long and short sides on castor seed future contracts from November 5 due to these: Sudden spurt in spot and futures prices, substantial increase in daily traded volumes, open interest, which had touched an all-time high, and imbalance in member and client concentration. It said all these factors, in the lean season of the commodity, indicated excessive exuberance.
In a statement issued in response to this paper's report, Gujarat farmers ask FMC to ban castor seed futures, published on Thursday, the NCDEX said the margin was levied after analysing available trading data and to ensure that trading in relevant contracts was conducted in an orderly manner.
The report had quoted a representation made by the Bhartiya Kisan Sangh and did not carry the response from the Forward Markets Commission and the NCDEX. The non-inclusion of the response and other factual inaccuracies are regretted.

Delhi Confidential: SwitchinglanesPrint
Posted: December 6, 2014 2:19 am
He may have been a Congressman all his life but Rajya Sabha member Karan Singh seems to have developed a soft spot for the BJP lately.
Some MPs from opposition parties were taken by surprise earlier this week when Singh approached them to say that they should let legislative business happen in the House. Interestingly, Singh’s son Ajatshatru joined the BJP recently.
Awaiting orders
While the Opposition is united in disrupting the proceedings in the Lok Sabha to corner the government over Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti’s remark, the 37 MP-strong AIADMK has been keeping a distance. The buzz is that party chief J Jayalalithaa has not made up her mind yet on whether or not to condemn the government on the issue. So far, the party MPs don’t seem to have received any directions from Chennai.
Special task
The newly appointed joint secretary in charge of Left Wing Extremism (LWE) Dilip Kumar and his senior additional secretary Rajiv Gauba, who deal with the issue in the Home Ministry, were not included in the team that went with Home Minister Rajnath Singh to Chhattisgarh after the Sukma encounter. Instead, in the time of crisis, the ministry contacted senior security advisor (LWE) K Vijay Kumar, who headed the delegation along with special secretary Prakash Mishra. Incidentally, LWE does not fall under Mishra’s work allocation, and Kumar had been staying in Chennai for the past two months, apparently because his views were not being taken seriously in the ministry.
Cong get-together
The Youth Congress on Friday organised an alumni meet to bring together all its former presidents and office-bearers over a cup of tea. For a party going through a particularly difficult time, a get together of old and young seemed like a perfect way to boost morale. Congress president Sonia Gandhi and vice-president Rahul Gandhi attended the event. But many former presidents were missing. Ghulam Nabi Azad was campaigning in Jammu and Kashmir. Ambika Soni was absent, as were Ramchandra Rath, Gurudas Kamat and Mukul Wasnik. The first president, P R Dasmunsi, has been in hospital for years, while the fifth president Tariq Anwar is now in the NCP.

Check food  vaccinate leopards  train vets: Experts toSGNPWritten by Anjali Lukose | Mumbai |
Posted: December 6, 2014 2:15 am
Nearly a month after four large cats died at the Sanjay Gandhi National Park (SGNP) at Borivali, wildlife experts have suggested screening of food served to leopards, a quarantine facility, vaccination and enhanced training of veterinarians for maintaining better health of the captive animals.  A team, comprising of Pradeep Malik from the Wildlife institute of India (WII) and AK Sharma from the Indian Veterinary Research Institute (IVRI), visited the national park.
After the third captive leopard, 13-year-old Nethra, and a captive lioness died at SGNP in two months, national park authorities had written to the Central Zoo Authority seeking expert help to investigate reasons for the deaths and to suggest measures.
The team said that the post mortem report of Nethra showed kidney damage, a potential effect of bacterial infection (leptospira sp). Analysis of the viscera sample sent by the national park of a currently sick leopard also showed signs of similar infection. “We have detected antibodies for the same  bacterial infection in the leopards. There is no vaccine available for this infection in India. So, antibiotics are administered. The animals are generally  infected after coming in contact with the urine of rodents infected with the bacteria. The disease also spreads through drinking water,” said Sharma, principal scientist and in-charge of Centre for Wife Conservation, Management & Disease Surveillance.
The bacteria affects the kidney and liver inducing jaundice and compromising the functioning of vital organs.
Due to lack of specific vaccines for carnivores in India, the leopards at SGNP had not been vaccinated for diseases the past three years, said Malik who heads the department of wildlife heath at WII.
The team, while saying facilities at SGNP were “satisfactory”, said there was no system in place for diagnostics as the zoo was just a small part of the national park. “Collaborations are required to enhance the training of the veterinarians handling the large cats. Specific training is lacking as veterinarians cannot be expected to deal with ‘exotic’ species like leopards or tigers with the basic training they get in Indian veterinary colleges,” said Malik. “They should interact with international vets to get specialised training to handle large cats. This issue is not limited to SGNP, but all rescue centres and zoos.”
The team has suggested better screening of food served to the leopards and a quarantine facility before getting a new leopard so that infections are not introduced among the 15 leopards left at the national park. The team suggested a separate unit for the keeper so that he could wash his hands, get into his uniform, and avoid carrying contamination to the leopards. The team appreciated the “nice environment and spacious enclosures”.
anjali.lukose@expressindia.com

Shift bakery blast convict toPuneBy: Express News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 6, 2014 2:11 am
Citing space crunch in Arthur Road Jail, the superintendent of the jail, on Friday, requested the Bombay High Court to shift Pune’s German Bakery Blast case convict Mirza Himayar Baig to Pune’s Yerawada Jail from Mumbai. The division bench headed by V M Kanade has granted permission to this application. The date for the final hearing will be given on January 5, 2015, by the HC. A Pune court had awarded the convict death penalty for his involvement in the 2010 blast  case.

Senior cops house attacked inMeghalayaWritten by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati |
Posted: December 6, 2014 2:10 am | Updated: December 6, 2014 2:11 am
Suspected militants belonging to the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) last night made a daring attack on the official residence of T G Momin, Additional SP of East Garo Hills district in Willamnagar, and also placed a powerful IED in the compound which luckily did not explode.
Official sources said a group of suspected GNLA militants fired over a dozen rounds from a sophisticated AK-series weapon damaging the outer walls of the additional SP’s official residence. While the officer was out in the town supervising the law and order situation, his wife and little daughter escaped unhurt by lying down on the floor. The incident occurred at around 8:30 PM last night.
While policemen on duty in the vicinity rushed to the spot on hearing gunshots, the militants escaped under cover of darkness, but not before leaving behind an improvised explosive device (IED) near the main gate of the additional SP’s quarter.
“The militants had planned to detonate the bomb through a remote device as soon as the police teams rushed in, but our personnel spotted the device outside the compound, which was soon diffused by our bomb squad,” said East Garo Hills SP Davis Nestell R Marak. The IED was concealed in a plastic bag. As many as 13 empty rounds of AK-series ammunition along with three live rounds were recovered from the spot where the militants opened fire on the SP’s quarter.
It was only about a month back that the GNLA had announced a reward of Rs 15 lakh to cadres who would target senior police officers in the Garo Hills region. That announcement was made on November 6, one day after the Meghalaya Police had announced rewards of Rs 10 lakh for information leading to arrest of 10 top GNLA rebels. While the GNLA had killed three policemen this year, the police have killed 45 militants this year.

3 held  drugs worth Rs 39 LseizedBy: Express News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 6, 2014 2:09 am
In two cases of drug seizure in South Mumbai on Wednesday and Thursday, the police arrested three men and seized drugs worth Rs 39 lakh.
Faizan Hasan Thakur (24) and Kamran Javed Sayyad (30), were arrested near the Islam Gymkhana late on Wednesday night. A total of  117 grams of mephedrone worth Rs 9.34 lakh was allegedly found in their possession. The police also seized two cell phones and Rs 22,547 from them. “Both men are unemployed and peddle drugs on Marine Drive after dark every day. They would move around on a motorbike so as to avoid suspicion. Their customers are well-off South Mumbai youngsters,” said an officer from Marine Drive police station.
The officer added that the police received complaints of drug peddling from locals. “Locals first brought to our attention that two men on a bike would ride from Chowpatty to Nariman Point, selling drugs to motorists. After verifying the information and the description of the men, we caught them,” he said.
The officer added that the accused would source the mephedrone from one Mohammad Rashid Balla who was arrested by the MRA Marg police station last month. Both men have been charged under the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act.
In the second case, a 23-year-old man named Salim Mohammad Khan was held in Pydhonie on Thursday with 250 grams of amphetamine worth Rs 20 lakh. Khan, a Dongri native, had allegedly arrived at Surat Street in Masjid Bunder on Thursday to sell the drugs. “We had information that a man selling amphetamine would arrive at Surat Street at 10.25 am on Thursday. Khan is unemployed. We are making inquiries to establish where he purchased the drugs,” said Sub Inspector Ravindra Godse, Pydhonie police station.
mumbai.newsline@expressindia.com

13/7 Mumbai blast: IM operative had role in fundingblastsAjaz Sheikh is reportedly being grilled by interrogators on his role in the funding of the terror attack. (Source: PTI photo/file)
Mumbai |
Posted: December 6, 2014 2:06 am
Ajaz Sheikh,the 27-year-old alleged Indian Mujahideen (IM) operative arrested by the Maharashtra Anti-terrorism Squad (ATS) for his alleged involvement in the 13/7 serial blasts in Mumbai, is reportedly being grilled by interrogators on his role in the funding of the terror attack.
On July 13, 2011, three coordinated explosions at Opera House, Zaveri Bazaar and Dadar killed 26  and injured 127.
Interrogation of other accused in the case led to Ajaz’s role being investigated and his subsequent arrest on Thursday.
On the first day of his interrogation, ATS officers reportedly quizzed Sheikh regarding funds given by Yasin Bhatkal who allegedly commissioned the blast of 13/7 in Mumbai, and also on his role in procuring explosives for the  Opera House, Zaveri Bazar  and Dadar explosions.
“We want to know how much money was exactly funded by Ajaz to Yasin Bhatkal. The  same money was given by Yasin to Naqee Ahmed and Nadeem Mukhtar who have been already arrested by the ATS,” said an ATS officer. The duo, Naqee and Nadeem, are accused of stealing two two-wheelers that were later used in the serial blasts.
Sources claim that Ajaz, the brother in-law of another wanted Indian Mujahideen operative Mohsin Chaudhary, used to received money from the Middle East through a hawala network.
ATS officials suspect that Yasin gave Rs1,50,000 to Naqee and Nadeem, money suspected to have been received by Ajaz from the chief of Indian Mujahideen, Riyaz Bhatkal in Pakistan.
mumbai.newsline@expressindia.com

After Sukma  Centre wakes up to CRPFwoesWritten by Vijaita Singh | New Delhi |
Posted: December 6, 2014 2:00 am
The Central Reserve Police Force’s (CRPF) demand for a night-landing facility at Jagdalpur helipad, which has been pending for the past two years, will finally get clearance in the wake of the recent Sukma encounter in Chhattisgarh in which 13 personnel were killed in an encounter with Maoists.
To boost the morale of the forces, a committee will also look into the demands for easy promotion of CRPF personnel posted in Naxal areas and employment opportunities for children of martyred jawans. The committee has been asked to submit its report by December 15 on the directions of Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh.
The Ministry of Home Affairs has, for the first time, constituted a committee headed by former CRPF DG and senior security advisor (Left Wing Extremism) K Vijay Kumar to look into the requirements of jawans deployed in dense jungles in a time-bound manner. The committee will consider CRPF’s demand to not only equip Jagdalpur helipad with night-landing facilities but also extend such provisions to four other key locations — Dantewada, Sukma, Narayanpur and Bijapur — to improve rescue operations after dark.
The CRPF has also written to MHA to enhance the ex-gratia payment to the family of those killed in encounters from Rs 15 lakh to Rs 50 lakh.
Singh, who held a meeting with senior officers of Chhattisgarh administration wherein CM Raman Singh was also present, reportedly pulled up the state government over the lack of participation by local police in such operations.

Rights panel raps police for shoddyprobeWritten by Dipti Singh | Mumbai |
Posted: December 6, 2014 1:56 am
The Maharashtra State Commission for Protection of Child Rights has pulled up the Virar police for ‘shoddy investigation’ into the death of three students of a school in Virar in August.
The commission’s member secretary asked the representatives of the Virar police why they had not investigated into allegations of negligence on part of the Vagad Gurukul International School from where the three class IX students had fled the premises and were later found dead in a river.
Concerned over the well-being of the other students at the school, the commission will send an expert to the school to speak to the children about their safety and other issues at the school.
The three boys, Prahul Patel, Meet Chaadwa and Khushal Dagha, went missing on August 25 from their hostel rooms at 8 pm. Their bodies were found floating in the Sukh river behind the school 36 hours later. The Virar police went on to arrest two teachers with the school for abetment to suicide, and two others for severely punishing other students of the school.
The commission pointed out that if students can flee from the boarding school’s compound without being noticed by security than it is a dangerous situation for other students as well. However the School’s director, Neelima Sharma, told the commission that the students had left the campus from the area where construction work was on near the school boundary wall and was covered only by a mesh.
The commission has asked the Virar police to investigate if there was any negligence on part of the school citing that safety of these students for schools responsibility. “When the parents admit their children to boarding school, the school authorities become their guardians. We will appoint an expert to visit the school and talk to the teachers and other students to understand the problem. The expert will submit his/her report to the commission following that,” said A N Tripathi, member secretary of the commission.
dipti.singh@expressindia.com

http://usat.ly/1wG5bYtVeteran political cortrespondent hosts Sunday morning public-affairs show
Post to Facebook
Candy Crowley exits CNN Veteran political cortrespondent hosts Sunday morning public-affairs show Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1A1lOeM
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
118
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Candy Crowley exits CNN
Gary Levin , USA TODAY 3:31 p.m. EST December 5, 2014
Candy Crowley, pictured moderating a 2012 presidential debate, is leaving CNN after a 27-year run.
(Photo: Win McNamee, Getty Images)
1152 CONNECT 88 TWEET 1 LINKEDIN 118 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Candy Crowley is exiting CNN after a 27-year run.
Network chief Jeff Zucker announced the news Friday in a staff memo that called her a "television icon" and read, in part: "Candy has let us know that she has made the decision to move on, so she can embark on the next chapter of her already prolific career."
Crowley, 65, joined CNN in 1987, and has been chief political correspondent and host of State of the Union, its Sunday morning public-affairs show. She has covered several presidential campaigns and moderated a town-hall debate between Barack Obama and Mitt Romney during the 2012 campaign. The move comes amid buyouts and layoffs at Time Warner that have affected about 300 CNN employees.
No word on her successor.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1A1lOeM
USA NOW
Suspected family murderer has been found dead | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

Endangered Puget Sound Killer Whale Found DeadIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Orion s epic launch: By the numbersorion s epic launch: by the numbers
New oil deal between Russia and Slovakia signedNew oil deal between Russia and Slovakia signed
UPDATE 10-Oil pushes lower  undeterred by bullish jobs reportUPDATE 10-Oil pushes lower  undeterred by bullish jobs report
All these negative factors were known from some time.now all these new...Gold Member
35 Followers
From news we can assume, that only intervention from Civil Aviation ministry saved Spicejet from AAI order. Even now, Spice jet has to settle all cancellation refunds within 30 days and has to give position of all liability to authorities. It is said the Airlines have asked for some time to find a suitable investor.
With all these investors should be cautious and expect worst like Kingfisher
In reply to : Definate message
6.00 AM Dec 6th

Near term target of 90Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Near term target of 15Replies (1)
Guest
serious correction is ahead . global stock markets hit all times high on friday. traders and investers be aware.anytime surprice recession coming after 2008.minimum 2 to 3 months this recession going on. ask your analyst before investing.
In reply to : Astronomer message
7.19 AM Dec 6th

Near term target of 45Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

New hipster Freehand hostel planned for downtown0
The hostel — with rooms designed by celebrity designers Roman and Williams — is expected to cater to young hipsters who may have the style but not necessarily the deep pockets to frequent the crop of boutique hotels popping up downtown in recent months. The Freehand Chicago, according to Zobler, has taken the design up a notch to help it compete with area hotels.
Zobler declined to be specific about the prices for the shared and private rooms, but the Freehand's sister property in Miami offers private rooms for about $196 a night on a weekend in December and a single bed in a shared room of eight for about $37.
However, unlike the Freehand Miami, the Chicago version will cater mostly to business travelers, who are the biggest money generators in the hotel industry. That's why more than half of Freehand Chicago's rooms will be private.
"You have a lot of hostel travelers when the weather's good, you don't have so many of those travelers in the winter," Zobler said. "We wanted to make sure the bread and butter corporate business travelers would like (it)."
The Freehand offers a twist in what industry watchers are calling a boom in Chicago's hotel market. The number of hotel rooms available nightly in Chicago has climbed more than 6 percent since July 2011, according to Chicago tourism officials. So far this year, the total supply of hotel room nights in the city has risen to 11.27 million from 10.89 million. And the growth is expected to continue, industry watchers say.
And with more hotels in the works, such as the 52-story Loews in Streeterville, the Virgin Hotel near Lake Street and Wabash Avenue or the newly opened Godfrey, the number of available hotel rooms is expected to climb between 7 and 10 percent, according to Peter Greene, first vice president at CBRE Chicago. "We'll see more in the future," said Greene. "There's a lot of [hotel room] supply coming in and it will affect the downtown market as a whole."
Other recently opened boutique hotels include the Kinzie in the Loop and Hotel Indigo near Millennium Park.
Greene added that the volume of direct flights to and from Chicago and the city's heightened restaurant and shopping profile is likely to continue to grow. As will its well of travelers who want chic digs in which to lay their heads after a long day of business meetings, touring, shopping or socializing.
"With so many companies coming in from the suburbs and the new high tech corridor in the West Loop, we're going to see growth in the market," he added.

Reasons to be thankfulUS economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
This video is featured in these articles:

Vanguards November inflows top $21bnVanguard’s November inflows top $21bn
Stephen Foley in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/34837b9e-7b04-11e4-b630-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Denard Span has sports hernia surgeryBy James Wagner December 3 Follow @jameswagnerwp
(Patrick Smith/Getty Images)
Denard Span underwent sports hernia surgery, the Nationals announced on Wednesday morning. The minor surgery was deemed successful, and the center fielder is expected to be ready for spring training.
Span said he tweaked that area toward the end of the season but didn’t consider it serious. When he recently started offseason workouts, the injured area felt better but had not improved to the point where he felt it needed to be. He was evaluated and had the surgery.
Span tweeted out a photo of himself in the hospital bed on Wednesday morning:
God is so good! I doubted whether or not I would make it thru this but he saw me through this! So thankful. pic.twitter.com/U0PggLjKWb
— Denard Span (@thisisdspan) December 3, 2014
Sports hernias are strains or tears of soft tissue in the lower abdomen or groin area.
Span, 30, had one of his finest major league seasons in 2014, hitting .302 with 31 stolen bases and playing strong defense. The Nationals picked up his $9 million option for 2015 after the season.
James Wagner joined the Post in August 2010 and, prior to covering the Nationals, covered high school sports across the region.

SoftBank buys $250m stake in GrabTaxiSoftBank buys $250m stake in GrabTaxi
Jennifer Hughes in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b803130c-7b64-11e4-87d4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

SoftBank  look on my works  ye mighty© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/b939991c-6403-11e4-8ade-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Putin threatens currency speculatorsPutin threatens crackdown on currency speculators
Kathrin Hille — Moscow
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0d2b7f14-7b9b-11e4-b6ab-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

James Bond s new rideSeven remarkable A-list adverts
The DB10 will be Daniel Craig's wheels in Bond's 24th big-screen outing, due in 2015, continuing 007's affiliation with Aston that helped make the DB5 so iconic.
We love a Bond flick, but needless to say it's the DB10 that's whet our appetites the most. It's described by Aston Martin as "a model developed specifically for the film and built in-house by the brand's design and engineering teams", and will be limited to a production run of 10 cars, three of which have so far been built.
But it's fair to say this is no pie-in-the-sky concept. It looks an entirely road-ready vehicle, and its Aston convention-matching name ought to be a deep hint that we're looking at a preview of the DB9's replacement. Aston itself says "the DB10 gives a glimpse to the future design direction for the next generation of Aston Martins".
The DB10 at its unveiling on 4 December in Buckinghamshire. (Dave M Benett/WireImage/Getty)
But an Aston insider tells us it more accurately points towards what we can expect from the next V8 Vantage. As such, a 4.7-litre eight-cylinder apparently sits beneath that svelte bonnet. The DB10's panels are crafted from carbon fibre, as it's the quickest material to work with.
Technical information and gadget details were spared from Spectre director Sam Mendes's unveil, perhaps unsurprisingly. So for now we can only pass comment on how the DB10 looks.
“Nice” would appear to be an understatement. It exhibits the tautness of the V8 melded with the longer profile of the DB9, but with much sharper creases and some perfectly housed alloy wheels.
While very recognisably an Aston, there are also inescapable shades of Jaguar F-type, particularly in side profile and around the DB10's hindquarters. Given the affiliation that designer Ian Callum has with both companies, that ought not to be a surprise. And given the F-type is a stonker , it's certainly not a bad parallel to draw.
A version of this story originally appeared on TopGear.com .
If you would like to comment on this story or anything else you have seen on BBC Autos, head over to our  Facebook  page or message us on Twitter .

Mario Draghis press conferenceRemember me on this computer
Sign in

Vanguard calls for boardrooms shake-up© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/543c3b72-7b4c-11e4-87d4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Draghi looks to QE despite council splitDraghi looks to QE despite governing council split
Claire Jones in Frankfurt
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/058c69b4-7bad-11e4-b6ab-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bitcoin exchange to trade other currenciesBitcoin exchange to trade other currencies
Murad Ahmed, European Technology Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/639759ac-55eb-11e4-93b3-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Attack shatters fragile Chechen stabilityLast updated: December 4, 2014 6:10 pm
Grozny terror attack shatters fragile stability in Chechnya
Kathrin Hille and Jack Farchy — Moscow
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/94a956ec-7b90-11e4-b6ab-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Budget airlines: load up© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/b6eb790e-7bce-11e4-a695-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Indian companies face shareholder activismIndian companies facing wave of shareholder activism
Amy Kazmin — New Delhi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3f0aa396-7ba7-11e4-b6ab-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The political strongmanThis is the year of the political strongman
Philip Stephens
They are busy retelling history as a way of rekindling past glories and reviving old grievances
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/79059a84-7a25-11e4-9b34-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Things to watch in ECB meetingFollow @ftworldnews
Gideon became chief foreign affairs columnist for the Financial Times in July 2006. He joined the FT after a 15-year career at The Economist, which included spells as a foreign correspondent in Brussels, Washington and Bangkok. He also edited The Economist’s business and Asia sections.
His particular interests include American foreign policy, the European Union and globalisation
To comment, please register for free with FT.com and read our policy on submitting comments .  Contact gideon.rachman@ft.com about The World blog.
See the full list of FT blogs .

Abenomics must press onJapan setback will not be the end of Abenomics
PM must not let election distract from inflation push
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/34a76ece-7176-11e4-b178-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

SoftBank mimics goose with golden eggsSoftBank aims to be goose that lays golden eggs
Kana Inagaki
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6c77fffa-7ba6-11e4-a695-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Writing A Check Is The Easy Part Of  Doing Good.  Here s What Comes Next.reddit
At Bank of America, we've given fresh thought to the role we need to play in addressing social and economic challenges. Our purpose -- to help make financial lives better for everyone we serve --has guided us over the past several years to change and make our company simpler and stronger, and it's had a dramatic effect on our corporate social responsibility (CSR) philosophy.
No single person or entity has the expertise, resources or reach to address all of the challenges we face as a society. But given our size, scope and reach, we're in a unique position to combine our resources with our partners' expertise to make a real impact. Having previously approached CSR largely as a matter of philanthropy, we've realigned our priorities toward how we can use this combination of resources and expertise to drive change.
With polls showing that most Americans regard themselves as ill-equipped to handle their finances, we've identified an opportunity to educate those who are eager to learn. The challenge is in how to effectively reach people -- to not only provide the resources for enhancing financial know-how, but also to connect people with information they need, when they need it.
We started with a partner that was already helping make historically difficult subjects easier for people to learn. Khan Academy , founded by Sal Khan, is a nonprofit organization with the mission of providing a free world-class education for anyone, anywhere. Khan Academy has proven successful in bringing education on a wide spectrum of topics to people in a way that transforms information into everyday, practical knowledge.
Together with Khan Academy, we're working to make financial education more engaging, accessible and easier for people to understand. In partnership, we launched BetterMoneyHabits.com , an online resource inspired by Khan Academy's approach - laying out options, breaking down concepts, and helping people decide for themselves the best option. By making financial concepts easier to understand, we can bridge the knowledge gap and help people take a proactive role in more confidently managing their finances.
From our partnership with Khan Academy, we've gleaned some valuable insights:
1.  Focus on the learning.
While many education programs tend to focus on teaching, Khan Academy emphasizes learning. They're aware of how people learn and take an approach to teaching that appeals to people's curiosity and their desire to better understand the world around them. This makes the process of understanding personal finance less intimidating, and it's a good lesson for anyone who has to communicate, inform or educate on any topic.
2.  Meet people where they are.
People learn based on their situation. In other words, almost nobody comes to us looking for a six-hour course in personal finance because the subject is just so compelling. They're more likely facing a big financial decision, such as buying a new home, and want to learn about personal finance in the context of that decision.
Let's face it: "Financial education" sounds boring on its own. But if you want to buy your first house, apply for a student loan or rebuild your credit, you will be very interested in understanding what it will take to reach your goal. That's why Better Money Habits is organized both by customer goals, such as "I want to learn about starting out on my own" and "I want to learn about paying down my student loans," and by topic, such as "home buying and renting" and "saving and budgeting."
3.  Listen and respond.
The most valuable insights come from those who use your offering - and turning that feedback into action is critical to success. Listening and responding to feedback on the program has helped to build a stronger, more engaging platform - both through what we see in user comments or social media, and through our analytics on how people rate videos and where they spend the most time on the site.
Learn more about the Better Money Habits program and the partnership between Bank of America and Khan Academy.
More:

PE groups target Australias BradkenPrivate equity groups target Australia’s Bradken
Jamie Smyth in Sydney
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ad6f280a-7c3a-11e4-aa9c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Miners in a hole should stop diggingLast updated: November 21, 2014 4:24 pm
Miners in a hole should stop digging
Neil Collins
Ramping up iron ore output is a losing game
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/57125fb0-70da-11e4-85d5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Chinas bourses: tear it up© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/eec73eb2-7c32-11e4-a695-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

10 Affordable Tools to Help Your Business Thrive Onlinereddit
There are several tools available to help online businesses operate smoothly and increase productivity, but with so many choices how do you know what ones are worth looking into? It can be extremely overwhelming, so I put together a list of 10 affordable tools that can really help your business succeed online.
1. MailChimp
Collecting leads, building an email marketing list, setting up auto-responder messages and mailing your prospects is an important part of every online-marketing effort, as is remaining compliant, and MailChimp has you covered. This email marketing tool allows you to collect opt-in email addresses, deploy emails to your list and track the performance -- all while remaining CAN-SPAM compliant. My company uses MailChimp for our newsletter, and we absolutely love it.
Starts at $10/month (if you have fewer than 2,000 subscribers you can send up to 12,000 emails per month for free)
2. Olark
If you want to increase your online sales, interact with your website visitors, and understand your customers better, then consider adding Olark live chat to your site. This tool allows you to see who is on your website, where they are from, what pages they are currently on, what pages they previously visited and how long they have been on your website. You can wait for them to initiate a chat session or you can set it to only target visitors that visit a particular page or perform a specific action, such as leaving your shopping cart.
Starts at $15/month (14-day free trial)
3. Sales Force
If you have a sales team, then give this CMS on steroids a look. SalesForce is a tool that can benefit sales teams of all sizes and help increase productivity, while allowing you to track progress in real time from any device. Your sales team can manage their contacts individually, or you can set up a team-selling environment, allowing everyone to monitor and check the status of a particular deal at any time.
Starts at $25/month (free 30-day trial)
4. DocuSign
If your business wastes valuable time waiting to receive executed contracts, then DocuSign may be a lifesaver. It allows you to digitally send, sign and manage documents securely in the cloud. You can manage all of your document-signing needs on any device, as DocuSign allows full access and management via desktops, laptops, tablets and mobile devices.
Starts at $10/month (free 14-day trial)
5. ZenDesk
Customer support is vital, but it can be difficult to manage with customers contacting you from so many different channels. ZenDesk allows you to create an inbound customer-support ticket system that manages all requests, whether they come from phone calls, email, chat or social media. Staying on top of customer support helps combat any potential problems before they turn into fires.
Starts at $1/month (30-day free trial)
6. FreshBooks
Cash flow is crucial for the success of a business. You want to make it as easy as possible for your business to send invoices, and you want to make it simple for your customers to pay you. FreshBooks is an invoicing platform that allows you to create professional-looking invoices, send payment reminders and accept payments. It also gives you the ability to create and send invoices from your mobile device.
Starts at $19.95/month (or send unlimited invoices to 1 customer for free)
7. Ring Central
There is a good chance that you aren't tied to your desk all day, so you need a business-phone solution that gives you and your team flexibility and mobility. The Ring Central cloud PBX makes it easy for you to be taking calls in your office on your IP desk phone to conducting a HD video call via your mobile device on the go. Simple to use and jam packed with features, there isn't a bigger bang for the buck when it comes to office-phone solutions.
Starts at $24.99/month (30-day free trial)
8. Dropbox
We live in a digital business world, so why not make it easy to store, access and share important files and documents from anywhere? Arrived at a meeting and forgot to send over an important document? If you have it stored on Dropbox you can access your account from your phone and send it over instantly. This is a great tool for businesses with several remote workers, allowing them to all share and access important documents and information.
Starts at $9.99/month (store up to 2GB for free)
9. Basecamp
Internal communication is key, and Basecamp is a very simple to use feature-rich project-management tool to help your team members work together. Accessible from anywhere, even from mobile devices, it allows you to update projects, share files, have group discussions and assign project tasks.
Starts at $20/month (no-obligation, 60-day unlimited-use free trial)
10. WePay
You need to be able to accept payments, and WePay is a payment-gateway solution that is quick to set up and allows you to have the checkout process on your website. The company handles all of the compliance issues. No monthly fees and next-day payments are drawing a lot of online businesses to this payment gateway.
Starts at 2.9 percent + $0.30 per transaction (special pricing for businesses doing over $1 million annually)
Want more free online marketing tips? Make sure you sign up for the Market Domination Media weekly newsletter. You can sign up by clicking here and you will receive online marketing tips in your inbox every week for free.
Follow Jonathan Long on Twitter: www.twitter.com/MDMSEO
More:

Diageo disappointed over United SpiritsDiageo ‘disappointed’ at United Spirits vote
Amy Kazmin in New Delhi and Scheherazade Daneshkhu in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8f9bb826-792d-11e4-a57d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Vanguard attacks rivals over high feesVanguard attacks rivals over high fees
By Chris Flood
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d0cfb02a-c6e7-11e3-aa73-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Your Shanghai equity frenzyRemember me on this computer
Sign in
"Remember me" uses a cookie. View our Cookie Policy .
Search

Eric Garner: The Unseen Heart of the ViolenceDeath, like life, occurs within an interconnected web of forces. Eric Garner died at a specific place and time, but he was drawn there by those larger unseen forces. So was the officer who took his life.
One of them never left.
The neighborhood where Eric Garner died was near the terminal point for the Staten Island Ferry, which leaves lower Manhattan from a newly-built building on Whitehall Street.
The Whitehall building is a few minutes' walk from Wall Street, and it shows. Commuters leaving at the end of a downtown workday enter a gleaming and futuristic edifice of steel and glass, a 21st landmark which evokes the preceding century's enduring faith in the future.
They called it "the American Century" back then, and the metropolis of New York was its capital. Its great works of architecture were temples to prosperity, shrines to an era of growth they thought would never end.
A 2005 Newsday article gushed that the Whitehall ferry building's landscaping seemed to "embrace harried commuters in rough, thoroughly secular imitation of St. Peter's Square welcoming pilgrims." It employs a "state-of-the-art heating and air conditioning system, partially powered by solar panels." It boasts a number of retail shops, as well as New York City's only indoor farmer's market.
The terminal station on Staten Island is considerably more modest. A small building stands alone against the dock, wedged between a large parking lot and inland waters which are often covered with small whitecaps. The address is 1 Bay Street. The spot where Eric Garner died is just a few minutes' walk from the ferry terminus, at 202 Bay Street.
Pilgrims would feel less welcome there.
The image on Google Maps shows the storefront of Bay Beauty Supply, where multiracial models strike poses in the window. Next door is "Wig Zone" (or is that "Wig Zone Fever"?). A small neon sign tell us there's an ATM inside. Stenciling on the window reads "On Sale, Regular Wig, $9.99."
Two neighborhoods, separated by a twenty-five minute ferry ride.
We were told that Mr. Garner was selling "loosies," or individual cigarettes, on the street the day he died. We weren't told why he was selling them - or why he was able to find a steady supply of customers there, paying a steep markup for a single smoke because they couldn't afford to buy an entire pack at a time.
That's part of the poverty trap: Those who can't afford regular prices wind up paying even more.
According to news reports, Garner had been employed by the City of New York as a horticulturist. We don't know how he came to be unemployed, but we do know that New York City's payroll has been cut by more than 16,000 employees since the financial crisis of 2008.
That financial crisis was caused by banker fraud. Fraud. Criminal behavior. Committed on Wall Street. At the other end of the ferry line.
None of the bankers who orchestrated that fraud have been arrested. But Eric Garner was. He was being arrested again when he died.
It's absurd to think that Eric Garner made a conscious decision to abandon a good job with the city in order to live the precarious and penurious existence of a cigarette seller on the street.
We know that unemployment is higher among African-American males than it is for the overall population. The unemployment rate for African-American males in New York City is 14 percent.
That's the official rate, anyway. The actual rate is undoubtedly much higher. Several years after the financial crisis struck, the Fiscal Policy Institute identified a number of New York City neighborhoods with especially high unemployment rates for black men. One of those neighborhoods was the North Shore of Staten Island, where Eric Garner died.
Conservatives like Rep. Steve King rushed in to argue that health problems, not police officers, killed Mr. Garner. ""If he had not had asthma, and a heart condition, and was so obese," said King, "he would not have died from this."
But, like the landscape and the circumstances in which he died, Eric Garner's health was shaped by larger economic forces. His health problems are endemic in low-income communities, the product of environmental conditions, stress, external pressures, and the unavailability or unaffordability of healthier foods.
It's not easy to go gluten-free in some parts of town.
The American Heart Association notes that 44.4 percent of African-American men (and 48.7 percent of African-American women) suffer from cardiovascular disease. The overall death rate for cardiovascular disease was 236.1 per thousand in 2009, while the death rate for African-American males was 387.0 per thousand.
And about that asthma: The National Medical Association observes that "The racial differences in asthma prevalence, morbidity and mortality among minorities are highly correlated with poverty, urban air quality, indoor allergens, lack of patient and physician education, inadequate medical care, misuse of medications and lack of available resources in communities where they live."
These are systemic problems, just as surely as police violence toward African-American males is a systemic problem.
Speaking of which: It should be self-evident to any reasonable person that we wouldn't be talking about Eric Garner's health today if excessive force had not been used against him last July, and if that force had not resulted in the loss of his life - despite the fact that he kept telling the police officers at the scene that he couldn't breathe.
But the officers on the scene when Eric Garner died were acting for systemic reasons, too. In part, their behavior was the residue of a discredited "broken windows" policing philosophy, which argued that major crimes could be reduced with a zero-tolerance attitude toward minor offenses.
There are no broken windows on Wall Street.
The officer who manhandled Garner had a record of abusive behavior . There is no excuse for his actions. But he, too, was in the grip of larger forces. It's worth remembering that police officers are middle-class and working-class individuals. They are actors in a larger drama, as Eric Garner was.
As are we all.
There is overt violence, and there is structural violence. The video of Eric Garner's death shows us an act of overt violence. The larger events which led to his death were acts of structural violence.
Our moral leaders have told us time and time again that violence against any one of us wounds us all. Until we recognize and address both forms of violence - the seen and the unseen, the overt and the structural - our society cannot be made whole. Until the hidden heart of violence is made visible, none of us will be able to breathe.
Follow Richard (RJ) Eskow on Twitter: www.twitter.com/rjeskow
More:
Click here to view Conversations
Conversations

http://usat.ly/1CMu8EXFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Dow, S&P 500 hit closing highs after jobs news
Stocks rose Friday -- with the Dow and S&P 500 notching closing highs -- after November's jobs gains blew way past estimates.
Post to Facebook
Dow, S&P 500 hit closing highs after jobs news Stocks rose Friday -- with the Dow and S&P 500 notching closing highs -- after November's jobs gains blew way past estimates. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1CMu8EX
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
75
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Dow, S&P 500 hit closing highs after jobs news
Kim Hjelmgaard and Matt Krantz , USA TODAY 4:42 p.m. EST December 5, 2014
A trader works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
(Photo: Richard Drew, AP)
711 CONNECT 198 TWEET 13 LINKEDIN 75 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Stocks rose Friday -- with the Dow and S&P 500 notching closing highs -- after November's jobs gains blew way past estimates.
Employers added 321,000 jobs in November — the largest one-month gain in more than two years, the Labor Department said. Those numbers -- which kept the jobless rate steady at 5.8% -- far exceeded most economists' expectations of 225,000 new jobs.
The Dow Jones industrial average ended up 0.3%, a gain of 59 points, to its new closing high of 17,958.79. Climbing 0.2%, or about 3 and a half points, was the S&P 500. Its new high is 2,075.37.
Both indexes hit their previous closing highs -- 17,912.62 and 2,074.33, respectively -- on Wednesday.
The Nasdaq composite gained 0.2%, or 11 points.
Starbucks powered to an-all time high as the coffee shop icon debuted a huge flagship Starbucks store in its hometown of Seattle. SBUX ended the day at $83.57 per share, a gain of 2.8%.
In other economic news, orders to U.S. factories slipped for a third straight month in October and would have fallen even more except for a big jump in defense orders.
The U.S. trade deficit fell slightly in October as exports rebounded while oil imports dipped to the lowest level in five years.
Consumers increased their borrowing in October but at a slightly slower pace than in the previous month as credit card use slowed.
Asian stocks ended higher. European shares saw solid gains, with the DAX of Germany and the CAC 40 of France vaulting 2.4% and 2.2% higher, respectively.
Tokyo's Nikkei 225 index added 0.2%. Hong Kong's Hang Seng index rose 1.2%. Stocks in mainland China advanced 1.3%.
The Labor Department's payrolls report is expected to show 225,000 payroll gains by businesses, as well as federal, state and local governments.
On Thursday, the European Central Bank kept its benchmark interest rate unchanged at 0.05%, as expected.
"In spite of another downward revision to growth and inflation staff projections, the ECB delivered nothing but some futile communication changes," said Frederik Ducrozet, a senior economist at Credit Agricole Corp. "Draghi was not in a position to give any explicit signal at this point. This suggests that political hurdles to sovereign QE remain high."
Crude oil was down 46 cents at $66.50 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange.

Bankers face BlackBerry software dilemmaBankers face BlackBerry dilemma as software is upgraded
Harriet Agnew and Daniel Thomas in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5e693e4c-7c73-11e4-9a86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Analyst: Starbucks will be worth more than McDonald s by 20251
McDonald's has struggled with lagging sales around the world this year, and sales this summer hit their worst point in more than a decade. Starbucks said Thursday it will add beer, wine, and evening snacks to thousands of domestic cafes, widen lunch offerings and roll out mobile ordering to boost U.S. sales.
Kalinowski currently has a "buy" recommendation on Starbucks' stock, compared with a "neutral" on McDonald's.
The analyst's note disclosed that Janney plans to seek or expects to be paid for investment banking services from Starbucks in coming months, and that the analyst is paid based partly on Janney's profits, which might come from investment banking revenue.

Neutron CEO Tells Customers That Republic Report Stories Are False; Ex-Employees Disagreereddit
While one for-profit college in Miami, called FastTrain, has just been  sued by law enforcement for, among other things, allegedly hiring scantily-clad women to lure men to its admissions office (an allegation noted  by Republic Report back in May 2012), another group of operators in Salt Lake City has been using a different scam -- phony bait-and-switch websites -- to entice low-income Americans into high-priced, poor-quality career college programs. Republic Report has been exposing these operations for the past few weeks, and one of the companies named is now responding.
Republic Report has obtained a letter from Neutron Interactive CEO Dan Caffee, addressed to partner businesses, claiming that allegations in some of my articles about his company are "false and libelous." He added, "We are pursuing all available legal avenues to address the allegations in this blog." But the letter is just another deceptive act from a deceptive marketer.
I have reported, based on the specific and consistent accounts of multiple former employees of Salt Lake City-based Neutron, as well as ex-employees of another SLC company, EduTrek / EdSoup, that Neutron set up websites that promised jobs , when in fact the sites' real purpose was to trick job seekers into giving their contact information so representatives of for-profit colleges could seek to sell them career training programs. I  also reported that Neutron attracted visitors to its phony sites by placing ads for non-existent jobs on legitimate job sites like Monster.com.
In the letter, Caffee flatly asserts, "Neutron does not generate education leads on employment or career-based sites. We have always been very clear with our clients that all of our web leads are generated on one of two sites: CollegeOverview.com or FindAnyCollege.com."
I have gone back to former employees of both Neutron and EdSoup, and they have reaffirmed for me emphatically that Neutron has indeed for years sold the "leads," or names and contact information, of people visiting its employment sites to companies peddling education programs. Documentation they shared with me backs up the claims of these former employees.
Caffee's story also minimizes the company's relationship with the EdSoup / Edutrek boiler room-style call center: "Neutron has no current relationship with EduTrek or its affiliated companies. Earlier this year Neutron ran a small data campaign to Edutrek, the relationship was terminated several months ago." But former EdSoup employees who worked at the company over the past four years told me -- and showed me multiple documents indicating --  that many of its leads came from Neutron, and Neutron employees confirm that.
As several former Neutron employees noticed, Caffee's central denials are written in the present tense. Perhaps that's to obscure that the transgressions I described took place in the recent past. Because they clearly did take place.
It also appears that Caffee wrote his letter before I published my most recent article , which relied on interviews with and documents obtained from his own former Neutron employees (whereas my previous articles only quoted former EdSoup employees).
Yes, Neutron derived leads from its job sites and sold them to college marketers
John Genna was Neutron Interactive's vice president of marketing from August 2011 until March 2012. Genna was the anonymous Neutron manager whom I quoted in my last article. He also was the executive whom I described in that story as having been directed by Caffee to fire a dozen employees on a single day -- and then at the end of that day was fired by Caffee. Genna has decided to be anonymous no more, and he spoke with me further this week.  He said he was inspired to allow me to reveal his identity by the principled example of one of the workers he hired at Neutron, programmer Jason Gill, who agreed from the start that I could use his name.  "I brought Jason to the company with the thought that I was gonna do something good," said Genna -- to build a legitimate marketing operation. "I saw that he graciously spoke up [to Republic Report], and I thought I owed him."
Genna told me that during his term there, Neutron would post "thousands of fake jobs" on the legitimate jobs sites CareerBuilder and Indeed.com. Those links would lead to Neutron job sites that had three "radio buttons" for visitors to select from when they provided contact information: The visitor could declare (1) I am a medical technician; or (2) I am training to be a medical technician; or (3) I want more information about training to become a medical technician. If a visitor clicked the third button, she was sent on to Neutron's College Overview site, and then her lead was sold directly to one of Neutron's client for-profit college companies, which included the University of Phoenix, EDMC, Corinthian, Bridgepoint, Kaplan, ITT, and Daymar. In that sense, Caffee might be able to assert that the lead was actually "generated" by the College Overview site, Genna says, but Caffee's letter is "splitting hairs" because "Neutron generated the traffic from its career sites." The former Neutron tech employee quoted in my previous article told me, "College Overview was the face of it - but was hardly every worked on. It was always just a good face to put forward."
But the lie is bigger than that. Because, in addition, Genna says, if the visitor clicked on one of the other two radio buttons on the Neutron job sites, Neutron would instead often sell their information not to a for-profit college directly but to a third-party call center -- like EduTrek / EdSoup -- which was also pitching for-profit colleges, and those call centers would in turn pass leads on to the colleges themselves. Genna gave me a list of 24 such education call centers to which Neutron sold its leads. Genna shared with me documents listing the number of leads that Neutron sold to EduTrek -- 28,796 in November 2011; 20,645 in December; 15,628 in January 2012. He also told me that Caffee and his co-founder Shaun Ritchie personally visited the EdSoup call center, locating just ten blocks from Neutron, on multiple occasions.
Jack Suenram, a 2010-2014 EdSoup employee who already spoke with me at length for previous stories, says, "I called those [Neutron job site] localemploymentnetwork leads" as well as leads from  other Neutron job sites . "Those leads are tagged with the word 'Neutron' in EdSoup's own data base, thousands of them." Suenram sent me documents confirming that. He adds, "Those college sites [Caffee] refers to wouldn't produce but a microscopic trickle of leads." The "overwhelming majority" of people Suenram called off the Neutron leads, said, "in angry terms, I'm looking for a job, not education."
Jason Gill, the Neutron tech employee hired by Genna, tells me that he has discussed the Caffee letter about my articles with a number of former Neutron employees, and they all had the same reaction as Gill: "Lies!" Another former Neutron employee wrote to me, "I read [Caffee's letter] and just said 'holy shit. lies.'"
Genna said the for-profit colleges that bought Neutron leads directly reported "thousands" of job seekers who complained. Even if they clicked a box expressing interest in "training," many did not expect to be called to buy two years of expensive for-profit college tuition -- prices for these programs can be as much as $80,000. Genna says there were a few for-profit colleges -- such as Utah-based Eagle Gate and Provo -- that refused to buy leads from Neutron, but most of the big schools kept buying them.
But Genna says Neutron was highly motivated to sell the leads directly to the colleges because, during his time there, the schools were paying Neutron $30 to $80 for each lead, whereas a call center like EdSoup paid about 87 cents.
Genna also says that Neutron did try to generate direct traffic to its College Overview lead generation site -- the one that actually indicated it was a place to find college programs -- through "actual marketing": emails, search engine optimization, etc. But that was a failure. (According to Genna, Neutron also sold leads from its job sites to other companies, selling insurance, for example, but the revenue was small (maybe $100,000 a month) compared with lucrative sales to college marketers.)
It's also clear that many Neutron-created job websites like localemploymentnetwork and others I described in my articles , as those sites were configured when I published last month, did not include the radio buttons that Genna described but instead asked visitors for their contact information and disclosed to all in vague small print that, by clicking, visitors consented to be contacted "regarding education details" -- and that people who provided their info got called by EdSoup and other call center marketers selling for-profit colleges.
Neutron scrambled to conceal the nature of its operations and keep generating leads
Genna gave me more details of Neutron's abuse of legitimate job sites like CareerBuilder. Caffee had urgent "fire drills" whenever CareerBuilder detected that Neutron was posting fake job listings and kicked the linked Neutron sites off.  Caffee would respond by directing Neutron employees to quickly build new landing pages to link from yet more fake listings posted on CareerBuilder. Once, just as Genna arrived in Las Vegas for a family activity, Caffee called and summoned him, and Genna was on the next flight back to Salt Lake to oversee the building of more job sites to replace those barred by CareerBuilder.
Genna says that Neutron's director of business development would repeatedly tell Caffee, You've got to clean this up; I can't approach people knowing this is how you generate leads.
Yet another former Neutron employee, with whom I spoke for the first time yesterday, says that Caffee "would do the best he could to mask the origins of the leads to his customers."
This former employee reports that Neutron, in 2013, tried setting up its own call center, but it didn't work. Neutron got a taste of its own medicine when it tried selling colleges to live people from its own sketchy leads. "The leads wouldn't convert," said this employee, who listened to Neutron employees interact on the phone with people who were, once again, looking for jobs, not college.  So Neutron, says this employee, went back to focusing on selling its leads to EduTrek.
This employee says he quit because he felt Neutron Interactive ran on "unscrupulous" and "dishonest" practices.
Caffee's letter also denies two claims that my articles in fact never make -- first, that Neutron is behind for-profit college lead generation websites that purport to offer food stamps, Medicaid, and other assistance; as I reported, other companies seem to be running those; and second, that Neutron is connected to scams offering Target and Best Buy gift cards; I connected that scam to EdSoup , but not to Neutron.
So I stand by my story in all respects.
I have repeatedly sought comment from Caffee and his co-founder, Shaun Ritchie, including after reading Caffee's letter, and they have not responded. In the days following my initial stories, Caffee was reportedly huddling in his office with lawyers from a big national law firm with a prominent Salt Lake City office.
My articles also have highlighted Neutron's continued membership in APSCU, the powerful trade association that represents many of the industry's biggest companies and leads the fight against any meaningful standard to protect students from predatory colleges. Caffee's letter responds with high praise of his group: "Neutron Interactive does not believe that APSCU is a fraudulent organization."
Meanwhile Caffee was granting an interview to a Forbes freelancer describing how well he treats his employees: "We provide the best work environment possible. We offer standing desks, a mini working gym on site, loads of snacks, and a very open work concept..." A Neutron staff member previously told me, "Neutron was like [the movie] 'Fight Club' -- you don't talk about Fight Club. They spoil you -- catered lunch very day, free snacks, everyone got an iPhone and an iPad right away. We will spoil you, and you don't question."
This article also appears on  Republic Report .
Follow David Halperin on Twitter: www.twitter.com/DHalpDC
More:

5 Reasons Developing Confidence Is Critical to Your SuccessBy Kelli Richards,  CEO of The All Access Group
By Vectorart, via ThinkStock
Confidence is essential to your success and that of your business -- in fact, it's vital to everything you do in life. In my own career, confidence has been a pivotal skill and strength I've needed every step of the way, especially in the male-dominated tech and music industries.
Operating from a confident stance is absolutely essential for women serving -- or aspiring to serve -- in any kind of leadership capacity. It's a personal and professional trait that will serve you well, and it's certainly not selfish to aim to become more confident. When you work with confidence, you'll find that you're more effective and efficient -- and so is everyone you work with.
Yet confidence is a result, not a prerequisite or a requirement. In other words, you probably won't have it until you've done something to develop it -- and it builds on itself over time. This is good news: You can learn to be confident with each success.
Channel the Confidence Your Business Needs
There are plenty of benefits to being a strong, confident woman business leader. Not only are confident people listened to more deliberately and taken more seriously, but they also tend to handle business dealings more effortlessly, with greater ease and better outcomes.
Beyond that, your confidence will make both employees and clients more comfortable. It's reassuring to deal with someone who can take a stand and make decisions. Because confidence is a psychological motivator, it keeps you going during challenging times, enabling you to take risks and try new things without second-guessing yourself.
When you're confident, you're more relaxed and focused; therefore, you're able to make better decisions and act on them promptly. Speed matters in business. And second-guessing yourself often leads to hesitation, mistakes, and lost opportunities.
A confident physical presence comes across in the way you carry yourself, and it spurs improved outcomes more consistently. It's like a visible sign of success that says, "I'm going places and I'm clear on what I want to achieve, so follow me."
So You Weren't Born With It
However, it's important to keep in mind that it's natural for confidence to ebb and flow at times. When you're frustrated, disappointed, or coming off a failure, it's easy to allow anxiety, fears, and negativity to creep in. They can be temporary distractions, or they can create a vicious cycle that takes you out of your game for a longer time. The goal is to avoid the doom loop entirely.
We all have the capacity to develop confidence. Just like a muscle that's flexed and strengthened over time, it grows with each success. As you learn to believe in yourself, your confidence increases; before you know it, "confident" is your new normal. Follow these suggestions to move in the right direction and restore your confidence level when it wanes:
Start with an ounce of prevention. Find a mentor who can determine where your negative thinking stems from and identify distracting fears and anxieties as they crop up in your life. Often, a little insight and a shift in perspective from someone you trust can be the catalyst you need to alter your perception and move on.
Think before you speak -- to yourself. Experts in Neuro-Linguistic Programming (NLP), the field of psychology that studies self-talk, agree: What you think of and say to yourself is extremely important. If you're being negative in your self-talk, deliberatively flip the switch to more positive language to shift into a more confident and optimistic mode.
Channel past successes. Let memories of past successes fuel your next achievement. Think of a time when you were confident and had a successful outcome. Recall the steps that led to positive results then, and apply a similar technique now to get back on track.
Be ready for anything. Things will go wrong; that's life. Prepare for potentially adverse circumstances by thinking ahead to what scenarios could occur in any given situation, and envision how you'll use the strategies at your disposal to navigate them so your confidence remains intact, no matter what happens.
Keep your ego in check. Overconfidence is rare, especially among women. But it can happen, and it's just as detrimental as a lack of confidence. When you aren't willing to listen to other people's input or perspectives, you've crossed the line from confident to arrogant. And arrogance doesn't work in business (or personal) situations, where cooperation and support are absolutely vital.
Every step of my career path has been possible because I channeled the confidence that I needed -- from navigating corporate America to starting my own business. That's not to say that confidence was all I needed.
Certainly, without essential qualifications and experience, confidence can be misplaced. However, in addition to having the skills and experience you need, confidence is a critical -- even vital -- component to your success, and it can benefit you personally and professionally. Don't leave home without it!
A highly sought-after consultant, super connector, trusted advisor, celebrity wrangler, and thought leader, Kelli Richards is the CEO of The All Access Group . She facilitates strategic business opportunities in digital distribution among innovative technology companies, talent and media companies, and brands to foster new revenue streams and deliver compelling consumer experiences. As a trusted advisor, she transforms the quality of people's lives. Kelli is also the author of a bestselling e-book, "The Magic and Moxie of Apple: An Insider's View."
Follow Ellevate on Twitter: www.twitter.com/EllevateNtwk
More:

US heads for best jobs growth since 1999US heads for best jobs growth year since 1999
Robin Harding in Washington and Michael MacKenzie in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d41dff28-7c83-11e4-aa9c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

NASA enters new era of spaceflight with Orions successful splashdownNASA’s next-generation unmanned capsule gets its first test flight.
Caption
NASA’s next-generation unmanned capsule gets its first test flight.
 Dec. 8, 2014 NASA’s Orion spacecraft is off-loaded from the back of the USS Anchorage at Naval Base San Diego in California. Mike Blake/Reuters
Buy Photo
Wait 1 second to continue.
Since 1972, human flights have been restricted to the orbit level of the International Space Station. But Friday's flight went 15 times as far.
NASA plans another test flight without astronauts in 2018. A crew is scheduled aboard Orion in about 2021.
Sometime in the 2020s, NASA plans to capture an  asteroid with a robotic spacecraft , then drag it to the moon’s orbit where it would connect with the Orion. Astronauts would then be able to take samples from the asteroid.
"Just the idea of having a human around the moon interacting with an asteroid -- that’s mind boggling," NASA Administrator Charlie Bolden said Friday. "We are very confident we can do this."
The big target, however, remains Mars, which NASA says astronauts could reach sometime in the 2030s.
But for all the excitement of Friday’s launch and talk of grand plans to go to Mars, NASA has been hampered by tight budgets and doesn’t have the funding for a mission to the red planet. Critics say that the Mars mission exists on paper only.
While the Orion was initially part of a program, called Constellation, designed to return to the moon, its mission changed after the Obama administration killed Constellation and made Mars the goal. Friday's mission used the Delta IV. But future Orion missions would use the new Space Launch System rocket, or SLS, which is still being developed.
"The SLS remains a big question mark -- both in terms of its development and funding, as well as political support," wrote Marco Caceres, a senior space analyst with the Teal Group, in his newsletter. "Without the SLS, Orion is like a Cadillac without wheels."
Caceres and others have warned that the SLS project must be complete before a plausible timetable can be put on reaching Mars.
"Orion may be a starting point," he wrote. "But it's a bit of a stretch to say we're on our way to Mars."
Friday's mission was designed to test some of Orion's riskiest systems, especially its heat shield, which withstood temperatures as high as 4,000 degrees when the capsule hit the atmosphere traveling at about 20,000 mph. Another big test was the series of parachutes designed to slow the capsule before it splashed down safely in the Pacific Ocean off the Baja California coast.
The test flight comes after the October explosion of an unmanned Orbital Sciences rocket that was to supply the space station and the recent crash of a Virgin Galactic spacecraft  that killed the co-pilot . Officials said before Friday's test flight that they were well aware of the risks involved in space flight.
Mike Hawes, Lockheed's Orion program manager, said the data collected form the mission will be "enormously helpful," as officials prepare for future flights. He also reflected on the beginning of his career, when he worked alongside officials from the Apollo mission.
"We’ve now finally done something for the first time for our generation," he said. "It’s a good day."
 
Christian Davenport covers federal contracting for The Post's Financial desk. He joined The Post in 2000 and has served as an editor on the Metro desk and as a reporter covering military affairs. He is the author of "As You Were: To War and Back with the Black Hawk Battalion of the Virginia National Guard."

British Museum lends Elgin statue to RussiaGreece attacks British Museum loan of Elgin statue to Russia
James Pickford in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/baae1770-7c52-11e4-aa9c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Payrolls lead Wall Street higher; Dow near 18 000Payrolls lead Wall Street higher; Dow near 18,000
By Reuters | 5 Dec, 2014, 11.41PM IST
Payrolls rose by 321,000 in November, the largest number in nearly three years and way above the 230,000 estimated, while the unemployment rate held steady at 5.8 percent, a six-year low.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: US stocks rose on Friday, with the Dow and S&P 500 on track for their seventh straight weekly advance after the November jobs report came in much stronger than anticipated, boosting banks and other sectors tied to the pace of growth.
While crude oil continued its recent decline, weighing on energy shares, the gains were widespread, with market weakness concentrated in defensive sectors, which underperform in periods of economic expansion.
Payrolls rose by 321,000 in November, the largest number in nearly three years and way above the 230,000 estimated, while the unemployment rate held steady at 5.8 per cent, a six-year low.
While the report blew past forecasts, it also raised expectations that a rate hike from the Federal Reserve may materialize sooner than previously thought.
Financials led the day's gains, up 1.2 percent as higher interest rates would prop up earnings in the sector. Bank of America rose 2.8 percent to $17.70 while Goldman Sachs was up 2.4 per cent to $196.50, boosting the Dow.
Utilities, a dividend play, fell 1.1 percent as Treasuries yields rose. Energy fell 0.5 percent alongside a 1.1 percent drop in crude prices.
"This report solidifies the idea that the economy is getting stronger, and the more economic activity on Main Street, the better it will be for financials," said Adam Sarhan, chief executive of Sarhan Capital in New York.
"The economy doing well is win-win-win across the board for financials, because it means more lending, more economic activity, and with markets at highs, brokers are getting more in commission and this and that. Financials are poised to move much higher."
Not everything was rosy, however, as new orders for U.S. factory goods fell for a third straight month in October, pointing to a slowdown in manufacturing activity.
At 12:54 p.m. (1754 GMT) the Dow Jones industrial average rose 79.31 points, or 0.44 percent, to 17,979.41, the S&P 500 gained 6.47 points, or 0.31 percent, to 2,078.39 and the Nasdaq Composite added 17.08 points, or 0.36 percent, to 4,786.52.
The Dow hit a record high and, alongside the S&P 500, was on track for a seventh week of gains, a streak not seen in a year for both. The Nasdaq Composite is slightly lower so far this week.
American Eagle Outfitters fell 14 percent to $11.82 after the teen apparel retailer forecast a current-quarter profit below analysts' estimates and reported its fifth straight drop in quarterly income.
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by 1,738 to 1,300, for a 1.34-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,831 issues rose and 832 fell, for a 2.20-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 was posting 91 new 52-week highs and 10 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite was recording 155 new highs and 77 new lows.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

You can thank this Predator drone for capturing NASAs incredible Orion splashdownToday, it looks more like this.
(NASA)
And this.
(NASA)
That's partly due to improved camera technology, of course. We now get crisper images and better frame rates. But think about what else had to go into NASA's coverage of the Orion splashdown. Countless people tuned in to watch America's next manned spacecraft return to Earth — live, in real-time, over the Internet! — and from an incredible bird's-eye angle.
All of that was made possible by NASA's Predator drone. Yes, since 2006 NASA has had its own unmanned aircraft , modified to do things like monitor wildfires and take measurements of the atmosphere. It doesn't shoot Hellfire missiles, but the drone, named "Ikhana," can fly as high as an airliner at cruising altitude and can carry more than 2,400 pounds of science gear on its wings and in its internal bay.
Ikhana — which in Choctaw — means "intelligent, conscious or aware," according to NASA , is the same MQ-9 unmanned aerial vehicle that the U.S. military uses. NASA helped fund the development of the Predator-B, as it's also known, in hopes that it could be used for research. According to the space agency, Ikhana has a wingspan of 66 feet and measures 36 feet in length. And it's equipped with ADS-B, a next-generation aircraft tracking technology that you may remember from our coverage of the missing Malaysian Airlines flight .
NASA dispatched Ikhana this week to watch as the Orion spacecraft descended from orbit. Everything in the mission proceeded smoothly — including the drone footage stream. Ikhana offers a taste of what's possible with unmanned aircraft in the commercial sector, although with the Federal Aviation Administration still dragging its feet on crucial regulations; drone industry officials aren't optimistic about being able to fly their own missions anytime soon.
In case you missed Ikhana's view of the Orion splashdown, here's a short clip.
Brian Fung covers technology for The Washington Post, focusing on telecom, broadband and digital politics. Before joining the Post, he was the technology correspondent for National Journal and an associate editor at the Atlantic.

MB Financial to close 4 Chicago-area branches0
The four branches slated for closing, according to records filed with the U.S. Office of the Comptroller of the Currency are at 5100 S. Damen Ave. in Chicago; 1965 N. Milwaukee Ave. in Chicago's Bucktown neighborhood; 20 S. Clark St. in the Loop; and 2200 N. Waukegan Road in Glenview.
It's common for banks to close branches when they acquire another institution. MB Financial said it was giving 90 days' notice to the regulator about the branch closings.
MB Financial has about 90 branches in the Chicago area.
"The bank evaluates its branch network on a regular basis to measure customer usage and convenience," an MB representative said. "The evaluation identified locations that overlapped as part of the MB merger with Cole Taylor or where customer usage had significantly decreased."
Customers in those markets will continue to be served by a nearby MB Financial branch, the bank said.

Developing world may need $500 bn for climat...The amount of global public finance committed to adaptation was about $23-26 billion, said the report, of which 90% went to developing countries.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LIMA: Developing countries may need as much as $250-500 billion (203-406 billion euros) per year by mid-century to deal with the fallout from climate change, a UN report warned Friday.
The projected amount was as much as five times higher than previous estimates and significantly more than today's spending on climate adaptation, said the United Nations Environmental Programme (UNEP), which warned of a "significant funding gap after 2020".
"The impacts of climate change are already beginning to be factored into the budgets of national and local authorities," UNEP executive director Achim Steiner said in a statement.
"The escalating cost implications on communities, cities, business, taxpayers and national budgets merit closer attention as they translate into real economic consequences," he added.
In 2012-13, the amount of global public finance committed to adaptation was about $23-26 billion, said the report, of which 90 percent went to developing countries.
Adaptation support is a key sticking point at UN negotiations under way in Lima to hammer out the broad outlines of a new world pact to curb global warming.
Poor countries most vulnerable to climate change-induced impacts -- extreme weather events, floods, droughts and sea-level rise -- are demanding that a rich nation commitment to adaptation and finance help be written into the pact.
But many developed countries insist that the deal, due to be signed in Paris in December 2015 to enter into force by 2020, should focus on mitigation -- meaning efforts to curb planet-warming greenhouse gas emissions.
Steiner said the new report "underlines the importance of including comprehensive adaptation plans in the agreement."
The UN has set a target of limiting average global warming to two degrees Celsius (3.6 degrees Fahrenheit) over pre-Industrial Revolution levels.
The UN's top climate science body, the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), has projected adaptation costs in developing countries to reach $70-100 billion per year by 2050, based largely on World Bank figures from 2010.
But the new UNEP report said this was likely a "significant underestimate", even if warming can be limited to two degrees Celsius this century -- which many scientists say is unlikely.
New data gathered by research institutions, based on a wider and more detailed database, found that "at a minimum, the costs of adaptation are likely two to three times higher," it said.
And on some calculations, based on national-level rather than global-level studies, "adaptation costs could climb as high as $150 billion by 2025/2030 and $250-500 billion per year by 2050."
"The report provides a powerful reminder that the potential cost of inaction carries a real price tag. Debating the economics of our response to climate change must become more honest," said Steiner.
"We owe it to ourselves but also to the next generation, as it is they who will have to foot the bill."
Gathering 195 states and the EU bloc, the 12-day Lima meeting has as one of its tasks to draft guidelines for nations when they make emissions-cutting pledges next year -- commitments that are at the heart of the new pact.
The climate negotiations have been bedevilled for years by rifts between rich and poor nations over who should shoulder the burden of emissions cuts, which require a politically and financially difficult shift from cheap and plentiful fossil fuel to cleaner energy sources.
The issue gained political momentum with UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon hosting a summit in New York in September, where world leaders renewed vows to fight the scourge.
Since then, the three biggest emitters -- China, the United States and Europe -- have sketched plans for contributing to the carbon cleanup.
Finance remains a sore point, with developing nations insisting that rich economies must show in Lima how they intend to honor promises to muster up to $100 billion (80 billion euros) in climate finance per year from 2020.
To date, nearly $10 billion in startup capital had been promised for the Green Climate Fund (GCF), the main vehicle for channelling the money.
Norway said Friday it will provide $258 million to the fund over the next four years.

S&P Cuts Italy s Credit Rating Citing Weak EconomyIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Black lives matter to everyone -- finallyBy Jonathan Capehart December 5 Follow @capehartj
A demonstrator protests recent grand jury decisions not to indict police officers in the deaths of Michael Brown and Eric Garner at Boston Common in Boston on Thursday. (Brian Snyder/Reuters)
If you’ve been following me for a while, you know that I am always trying to find a pony in the highest mound of filth. And the decisions in Ferguson, Mo., and New York City to not indict police officers who killed unarmed black men have given me much to work with. That the killers of Michael Brown and Eric Garner won’t even stand trial before a jury of their peers is offensive, not only to the deceased men’s families, but also to those of us who believe in the accountability that our criminal justice system strives for.
What has been thrilling to see, most notably after Monday’s decision in the Garner case, is that Americans of all stripes have been expressing their outrage wherever they can. What has warmed my aching heart this past week has been the faces and voices of the protesters. They aren’t just African Americans fighting for their lives and hoping someone will listen, let alone care. The protesters with their signs and chants of “Black lives matter” and “I can’t breathe” are the gorgeous mosaic of America and cut across every demographic.
The video of Garner’s chokehold death was as horrific as it was clarifying. It was a light-bulb moment, particularly for white Americans, about how the life of a black man could be taken for little reason and with little recourse. The #CrimingWhileWhite feed on Twitter is a stunning 21st-century confessional where contributors acknowledge privileges afforded them that no African American would ever think possible. I read antics by tweeters that literally made my jaw drop because of their brazenness and my head shake because of their ability to get away with it. Folks shoplifting (or “robbing” or “knocking over stores,” as some folks like to call it in Brown’s case), driving while drunk, assaulting officers, you name it — and then getting away with it.
Yes, I have to agree with Elon James White. “It was a hard pill to swallow, reading those,” the founder of This Week in Blackness told The Post . “I’d be arrested just for thinking about it.” The backlash now unfurling under #CrimingWhileWhite is to be expected. But the motivation behind its spectacular popularity is what I take to heart. My fervent hope is that this moment we are witnessing, one of collective national outrage, leads to a sustained sense of purpose that results in lasting change. Such a lofty goal, but what did you expect from a guy always looking for a pony?
Follow Jonathan on Twitter: @Capehartj
Jonathan Capehart is a member of the Post editorial board and writes about politics and social issues for the PostPartisan blog.

It s December -- Do You Know Where Your Tax Paperwork Isreddit
If you have followed my advice all year long, all your paperwork is in one place -- be it a shoebox, envelope, or drawer -- ready to pull out so you can do your taxes.  By having all your documents in one place, you are one step closer to filing your return.  Remember my first rule of tax return time?  The earlier you file, the sooner you will get your refund!
If this year is like prior years, tax time, and by tax time I mean tax refund time, will be here sooner than you expect -- but not soon enough for the more than 75 percent of taxpayers who get a refund every year. Even with all your documents in once place there is still a lot of organization to do.  By spending some time organizing before sitting down to prepare your return, you will be less likely to make a mistake or miss a tax deduction, tax credit, or other benefit.  Putting your taxes together can be overwhelming.  The IRS estimates the average person spends almost a full day compiling their tax return and that is for a regular simple Form 1040.  Need a Schedule C for business or a Schedule E for rental properties and you can add about 10 hours to that number.  If you live in a state with an income tax you can add more hours for your state tax return.  Here are a few simple steps you can take to getting your paperwork organized as easy and fast as possible.
Before you sort the box, make sure everything you need is in there.  A quick checklist would include:
• Last year's tax return
• Social Security Number and birthdate for everyone on your tax forms
• Previously paid taxes:  self-employment tax, estimated taxes, property taxes, etc.
• Documents Received:  W-2s, 1099's, 1098's, and related tax documents.
• Interest paid on mortgage or student loans
• Charitable donation cancelled checks or receipts
• Retirement contributions (401k, IRA, self-employed retirement accounts).
• Mileage records
• Medical costs and receipts (if you can deduct them)
• Child care and education costs
• Rental property records (income and expense)
• Bank account and routing numbers if you pay electronically
• NEW! Health Insurance forms 1095s or Marketplace Certificate of Exemption
To me, the fewer categories the better.  Income, Deductions, and Other documents (taxes paid, last year's return, health insurance forms, and important personal information) works, but maybe you want to break it down a bit more.  For example, in your Income folder you could have W-2s, Bank Statements, Dividend Statements, and Rent Received.  In your Deductions folder, include your charity donation receipts, mileage records, and 1098s.
Next, find a tax resource website or smartphone app you like. IRS.gov has basic tax information including forms, frequently asked questions, quick calculators to help see if you qualify for various tax benefits, and other tools.  Big tax company websites often have tools and resources in user-friendly terminology.  And there are lots of tips to be considered, from selecting an appropriate tax preparation software to deciding if or when you should seek professional services. There are many tools and helpful information that can jumpstart your tax return preparation and get you all of your money back faster this year. With all the cumbersome organization out of the way, you will be able to file your tax return, if you do not have to wait for forms or other information, early.  And the earlier you file, the earlier you can get your tax refund.
Finally, as complex as taxes are, whether you do your taxes on your own or you get help, start early. If you do not have a relationship with a tax professional -- start now and get one. Even if you just have some questions now or in the future, or you want a review of your prior or current year tax return or full help preparing.  Having a relationship with a known and trusted tax return professional can help you. As complex as taxes are now, and likely to be for a long time, get a tax pro in your contact list. It will get you more money over time.
Close
Top 8 Financial Worries Of Americans
of

Chinas ex-leader faces corruption charges© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/28cbdcde-7ca2-11e4-b944-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Of 38 countries assessed in a new report  Americans had the widest reported total gap.of 38 countries assessed in a new report  americans had the widest reported total gap.
DeSean Jackson  four others questionable for Redskins-Rams gameBy Mike Jones December 5 Follow @mikejoneswapo
DeSean Jackson was injured during the second half of the Redskins’ loss to the Colts. (AJ Mast/Associated Press)
Wide receiver DeSean Jackson missed another practice as he continues to nurse the lower leg contusion that forced him out of last week’s game, and the Redskins have officially listed him as questionable for Sunday’s meeting with the St. Louis Rams.
Jackson, who leads the Redskins in receiving yards and touchdown catches, wasn’t able to practice Wednesday, Thursday or Friday.
Coach Jay Gruden said a chance remains that Jackson could feel good enough to practice Saturday, but that his availability remains in doubt.
If Jackson is unable to play, veteran Santana Moss will likely see an increase in action. Moss took over for Jackson late in last week’s game, recording three catches for 30 yards.
Defensive end Jason Hatcher was limited in Friday’s practice because of a right knee injury and will be listed as questionable, as well.
Also limited in Friday’s practice and questionable for Sunday: cornerback E.J. Biggers (concussion) and nose tackle Chris Baker (chest).
Inside linebacker Keenan Robinson again did not practice because of a MCL sprain in his left knee. Robinson will be listed as questionable.
Starting strong safety Brandon Meriweather missed a third straight practice with a sprained big toe and is listed as doubtful. Safety Phillip Thomas would start in place of Meriweather.
Ruled out for the game: backup defensive lineman Kedric Golston and cornerback Chase Minnifield.
Safety Ryan Clark (stinger), linebacker Will Compton (stinger), linebacker Ryan Kerrigan (wrist) and running back Silas Redd (rib) all practiced fully and are listed as probable.
Backup tackle Tyler Polumbus returned to practice after receiving an excused absence on Thursday to tend to a family matter.
Mike Jones covers the Washington Redskins for The Washington Post. When not writing about a Redskins development of some kind – which is rare – he can be found screaming and cheering at one of his kids’ softball, baseball, soccer or basketball games.

Why the government is sweetening the financial incentives for homeowners who got mortgage reliefBy Dina ElBoghdady December 5 Follow @DinaWaPo
(Jeff Turner/Flickr)
About 800,000 homeowners who enrolled in the government’s main foreclosure prevention program will see their mortgage rates gradually rise over the next few years, and the government is eager to make sure these borrowers don’t get tripped up.
This week, housing officials announced that they will expand the financial incentives offered to borrowers who take part in the Home Affordable Modification Program, or HAMP. The incentives are designed to encourage the homeowners to keep making their mortgage payments, especially now that higher rates are kicking in. Some regulators and housing advocates fear that borrowers won’t be able to cope with the increase, and the government is responding to that concern.
Since HAMP’s launch in 2009, most of the borrowers who qualified had their interest rates cut for five years, some to levels as low as 2 percent. Those who stayed current on their mortgage for that five-year stretch would gradually earn $5,000, which would be applied toward reducing their loan balances.
Now, housing officials are sweetening the deal.
They say borrowers who remain on track with payments in the sixth year could earn another $5,000, which would shrink their loan balance by a total of $10,000. Some of them could then have their monthly payment reduced to reflect the lower balance.
The savings would help offset a portion of any payment increase due to the interest rate step- up that would take place starting in that sixth year, Michael Stegman, the Treasury Department’s housing adviser, said in a speech Thursday.
Here’s how the program works: After the first five years,  the rates for HAMP borrowers are supposed to rise by a full percentage point a year until they reach whatever the average interest rate was for a 30-year fixed-rate mortgage at the time the loan was modified. (For most people, that would be in the range of 4 percent or 5 percent.)
After all the increases take effect, the median monthly payment would rise by about $200 a month, according to an analysis earlier this year by the special inspector general for the Troubled Asset Relief Program, which oversees the handling of the money that funds HAMP.
But many will face steeper increases. In California and Hawaii, which have a high concentration of HAMP modifications, the median monthly increases will ultimately total $300 and $356, respectively. In California, payments will jump by as much as $1,724 in some cases, according to the inspector general’s report.
While the first borrowers enrolled in HAMP saw their rates rise for the first time late this year, the program did not gain traction until 2010, which means a sizable chunk of the initiative’s borrowers (500,000 people) will see an interest rate increase starting next year and the year after, the report said.
As detailed in a Washington Post story earlier this year, the relief was granted for five years based on the flawed assumption that the economy would bounce back more quickly and undo the damage wrought by plunging home prices and high unemployment. But the fear among housing advocates is that many HAMP borrowers may not be much more financially secure now than they were when they first turned to the government for help.
Timothy Bowler, the Treasury Department’s deputy assistant secretary for financial stability, said there is limited data on how borrowers are managing the payment increases. An analysis by the Urban Institute concluded that the rate reset fears are “overblown.”
While the initial re-default rate was high in the early days of the program, the rates have been dramatically lower among borrowers who kept up with their payments for at least a year, suggesting some of the borrowers are now on more solid financial footing, Bowler said. The re-default rate was 30 percent to 40 percent over a three-year period for people who qualified for HAMP in 2009, in the immediate aftermath of the housing bust. The rate is trending in the mid-20 percent range for those who qualified in 2012.
Still, the government doesn’t want to take any chances. “We continue to look for ways to expand the effectiveness of our program,” Bowler said. “We’re being very proactive with this population of borrowers, who were deeply and adversely affected by the financial crisis.”
 

Meet the Biggest Grinches of the Holiday SeasonIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Mumbai needs a CEO: J P Morgan reporMumbai needs a CEO: J P Morgan repor
DoT panel suggests over 15 pct increase in spectrum priceDoT panel suggests over 15 pct increase in spectrum price
What would happen if the government shut down -- and didnt reopenBy Philip Bump December 5 Follow @pbump
(Kevin Lamarque/Reuters)
It's unlikely that the government will shut down next week. It's certainly possible, of course; Congress' track record on beating important deadlines of late is mixed. And we'd note that a week before the shutdown in 2013, most people probably figured it would be avoided.
So it's unlikely, but it could happen. Fine.
The prospect, though, made us wonder: What if it does -- or what if it does at some point in the not-distant future -- and the government doesn't reopen? What if Congress can't reach a deal on a budget, and then can't figure out how to extract itself from the situation?
What if the government shut down forever?
There are a million reasons this is unlikely. For one, the effects of a long-term shutdown would be so politically toxic that some majority of Congress would certainly agree to reopen the government. For another, a long-term/everlasting shutdown would essentially dismantle the United States. But it's interesting to consider what lies along that path, and where it leads.
A shutdown is a budget issue. The government stops performing its usual functions because it (theoretically) can't be certain that it can pay for what it's doing. In 2013, the government shut down for just more than two weeks as Republicans stood behind a federal budget that excluded funding for Obamacare, which Democrats insisted be included. Everyone in the room knew that the shutdown would end at some point; within a matter of a few days the issue became about saving political face as much as resolving the core dispute. Employees were promised that they'd be paid for time worked after the shutdown was over. Most government functions kept marching forward, while things like parks and monuments were sort of half-heartedly shuttered.
Which Julian Zelizer, political historian at Princeton University, thinks provided a murky picture of the damage a shutdown could do. "The last round made it plausible that a short-term shutdown is something you could live through. It's not a disaster," he said. "So I imagine that this is going to continue to be something that we continue to see." The normalization of shutdowns and the limited negative effects on the public, in other words, may mean more, longer shutdowns in future. And that's when bad things might happen.
So let's say the government shuts down next week. At first, the same promises would be made: Social Security checks will go out, the military will stay on guard, employees working to make those things happen will get back pay. Now let's say that we pass the two-week mark, and the four-week mark, and the shutdown starts being counted in months. There are two problems: 1) The government needs to actually start shutting things down in a significant way, and 2) it needs to borrow more money from increasingly skeptical lenders.
"It's hard, because almost every program I can think of is something that people want. That's the great puzzle of American politics: People hate government but depend on it and like it when you talk about specifics," Zelizer said. "I don't know what you'd cut because every cut would be politically unpopular."
Among the first to be cut would be programs with weaker political support. We are talking about the decisions being made by actors in a political world, after all.
So what goes first? "Programs for vulnerable people. The food stamp program. Child care. Infant care. These are important programs but they are vulnerable because their constituencies are not constituents with a whole lot of political power," Zelizer said.
Next in line, regulatory agencies. Occupational Health and Safety Administration (OSHA) or the EPA or financial regulators would likely see their budgets slashed. There are political benefactors for these things, but compared to other budget priorities, it's easy to see why they'd be cut quickly. Also cut early, per Zelizer: Visa and passport issuance, arts programs, scientific research. The things, in other words, that affect the smallest and least-vocal and -powerful groups of people — or affect the powerful and vocal in only minor ways.
At this point, it's safe to assume that financial markets would be freaked out. The government has a significant role in the national economy. "You could see a huge swing in the stock market. ... Federal contracts would dry up, which means that ... cities and suburbs and rural communities across the country that depend on the government would not have the money they were expecting." It would affect the housing market, as loans from the federal government stop. The closure of parks and museums, a battleground in 2013, would mean sharply reduced revenue in places that depend on tourist money.
For those things that the government can't shut down, it would need to take out loans. Imagine that person, sitting in a dark office in the Department of the Treasury, unsure if she'll be paid any time soon, trying her best to twist arms and keep money flowing in. Interest rates would spike as time passed, with creditors increasingly nervous that they'd ever be repaid — and exacting a high cost for offering that trust. Incoming tax revenue is never enough to pay our bills by itself; it wouldn't be in this scenario, either. And that's assuming people actually kept paying their taxes, which, over time, might be less and less the case.
If the shutdown continued, it's hard to predict the order in which services would go dark. But Zelizer offered his opinion on which things would be maintained until the end.
"Theoretically, Social Security would continue because it's funded on its own," he said, and "that's a big part of what government does." Air traffic control. Emergency response, in the event of a natural disaster. "They'd find the revenue to do something. They're not going to allow the kinds of things you see in a Hollywood movie to occur."
National security would be near last on the list — as would federal prisons and border control. "The government is not going to shut those down unless there's a scenario where we've hit rock bottom." We wouldn't want prisoners released into the public or the borders opened entirely — though people might be emigrating more than immigrating by that point.
By this point, American society as we know it would have already shifted substantially. It's hard to imagine Congress wouldn't have acted, or, as Zelizer points out, some external factor (like a coup) would have come into play.
Jack Rakove, professor of American studies at Stanford University, figures that the country would essentially have reverted to the time of the Articles of Confederation. "This would become the 21st century of the 'Critical Period,' " he said, referring to the period just before the adoption of the Constitution. "The operative word used to describe the state of the national government at the time was that it was moving to the condition of imbecility."
Asked what that would look like, he was blunt. The federal government would "not look like anything" if a permanent shutdown kicked in, Rakove said. Instead: "You can imagine a radical devolution of authority to the states."
That would not necessarily be the paradise that strong states-rights advocates might imagine. "We remain a nation where lots of aspects of government remain truly national," Rakove said. "It would be hard for Idaho to build a new effective, four-lane superhighway system from Coeur D'Alene to Pocatello."
Not to mention that the national government helps shift funding to the places that need it the most. Wealthier states pay more in taxes than they receive in government services, and vice-versa. States like Alabama or New Mexico — or, yes, Idaho — get more from the federal government than they pay out. That trade-off would collapse, at least formally. (And depending on how we got into this situation, wealthier states might be leery about aiding their neighbors.)
In short, we'd probably just need to start over. Rakove, a historian, pointed to the Federalist Papers, the initial debate over how a united nation should be composed. In Federalist 37 , James Madison writes about the difficulty of crafting the original Constitution.
"The history of almost all the great councils and consultations held among mankind for reconciling their discordant opinions, assuaging their mutual jealousies, and adjusting their respective interests," he wrote, "is a history of factions, contentions, and disappointments, and may be classed among the most dark and degraded pictures which display the infirmities and depravities of the human character." That's the battle that the creators of the New United States would face -- even after having just fallen victim to precisely that tumult.
Rakove did, however, find one silver lining in the everlasting-shutdown scenario: "It would make work for future historians."
Philip Bump writes about politics for The Fix. He is based in New York City.

Friday Fun: Tips on how to survive NYCs subway systemBy Lori Aratani December 5 Follow @loriara
For some Friday fun, check out this hilarious guide on how to survive New York’s subway system with your host Johnny T, courtesy of the folks at Glove and Boots , a Web site that describes itself as “a place on the internet where lots of puppets live.”
We know: puppets? Really? But trust us, Johnny T is an entertaining guide.
Among the tips he offers: “Think of the subway as going to a party at a stranger’s studio apartment at 7 in the morning with 800 other people WHO ALL HATE EACH OTHER. Doesn’t that sound like fun?”
And after watching it, all we can say is, WMATA version please.
(HT @BAFuture)
Lori Aratani writes about how people live, work and play in the D.C. region for The Post’s Transportation and Development team.

Facebook IP nonsenseBy David Post December 5
Apparently, the message below (or something like it) has been showing up on several thousand Facebook home pages
Today, November 30, 2014, in response to the Facebook guidelines and under articles L.111, 112 and 113 of the code of intellectual property, I declare that my rights are attached to all my personal data, drawings, paintings, photos, texts etc… published on my profile. For commercial use of the foregoing my written consent is required at all times.
Those reading this text can copy it and paste it on their Facebook wall. This will allow them to place themselves under the protection of copyright. By this release, I tell Facebook that it is strictly forbidden to disclose, copy, distribute, broadcast, or to take any other action against me on the basis of this profile and/or its contents. The actions mentioned above apply equally to employees, students, agents and/or other staff under the direction of Facebook.
The contents of my profile includes private information. The violation of my privacy is punished by the law (UCC 1 1-308 – 308 1 – 103 and the Rome Statute).
Facebook is now an open capital entity. All members are invited to post a notice of this kind, or if you prefer, you can copy and paste this version. If you have not published this statement at least once, you will tacitly allow the use of elements such as your photos as well as the information contained in your profile.”
As Derek Bambauer has already pointed out, there is “so much wrong with this notice it’s hard to know where to start.”  To begin with, the Facebook Terms and Conditions, which would in the first instance govern the question of “ownership” of text/pictures/other content posted on the site, expressly disclaims the “ownership” that the notice rails against.
Sharing Your Content and Information.  You own all of the content and information you post on Facebook, and you can control how it is shared through your  privacy  and  application settings .  . . . For content that is covered by intellectual property rights, like photos and videos (IP content), you specifically give us the following permission, subject to your  privacy  and  application settings : you grant us a non-exclusive, transferable, sub-licensable, royalty-free, worldwide license to use any IP content that you post on or in connection with Facebook (IP License). This IP License ends when you delete your IP content or your account unless your content has been shared with others, and they have not deleted it.
Plus, the laws cited in the Notice – “articles L.111, 112 and 113 of the code of intellectual property” and the Uniform Commercial Code 1-1-308 and 1-103, and the “Rome Statute” – are either incomprehensible (the code of intellectual property?) or inapposite. A colleague of mine compared this Notice to the kinds of things prisoners submit to courts all the time – full of jumbled up misstatements and misunderstandings, which usually amount to little more than an incoherent scream of anger.
But that’s all lawyer stuff.  If I’m Facebook, I’d still be worried – not hysterical, but worried – by developments like this, notwithstanding that they don’t make any legal sense at all.  To the extent FB users feel like prisoners, trapped inside some system whose rules they’re deeply unhappy about (even if only because they don’t understand them well), the growth of the platform is at risk.  The folks that run FB probably don’t feel it’s too much of a threat, that FB is too deeply entrenched to suffer from any kind of mass exodus.  But the Internet has been the graveyard for some very, very successful applications – Myspace, Altavista, Geocities, Lycos, AOL – and it’s not written in stone that Facebook maintains its dominant position forever.  I’ve said it before:  Facebook needs to find a way to engage its users in the policy formation process somehow, if only to give users the sense that they have some skin in the policy-making game, that they’re not just subject to rules and conditions handed down from on high but participants in a conversation whereby the norms of the community are actually heeded and made part of the discussion.   David Johnson, Marc Rotenberg, and I put forward a plan to accomplish that a while back.   It’s not only the right thing to do – but I would think it’s in Facebook’s own self-interest to maintain its dominant position.
David Post taught intellectual property and Internet law at Georgetown Law Center and Temple University Law School until his recent retirement. He is the author of "In Search of Jeffersons Moose: Notes on the State of Cyberspace" (Oxford, 2009), a Fellow at the Center for Democracy and Technology, and an Adjunct Scholar at the Cato Institute.

Sears In Its Glory Days Before It Closed Hundreds of StoresIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Uber Technologies raises $1.2-bn to boost its international expansionUber Technologies raises $1.2-bn to boost its international expansion
Asia Pacific Market: Stocks mixed ahead of US jobs dataAsia Pacific Market: Stocks mixed ahead of US jobs data
Govt dissolves board of minorities financial developmentcorporationWritten by Zeeshan Shaikh | Mumbai |
Posted: December 6, 2014 2:49 am
The BJP government has decided to dissolve the board of the Maulana Azad Minorities Financial Development Corporation, which provides loans to members of the minority community. The move is being seen as an attempt by the new government to clear all boards and corporations of individuals appointed by the previous Congress-NCP government. Outgoing chairman Javed Shroff, who spent four months on the post, has called the move a political vendetta and claimed that it would hurt the interest of the Muslim community.
Apart from Shroff, 10 directors of the board have been removed too.
The MAMFDC was set up in 2000 to provide term loans to weaker sections of the minority community. The corpus of the board stands at Rs 175 crore but there had been widespread complaints over the delay and selection of people for allotment of funds. Its managing director is a government employee, while the board of directors are political appointees.
When the BJP came to power, it was the first time in the history of the state that the minority development department, which monitors and controls the board, had a non-Muslim minister in Eknath Khadse. Soon after taking over, Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis had said his government would not shut down or tamper with institutions working in the field of minority development.
Shroff, who got to know about the state government’s decision on Thursday, claimed that their removal smacked of political vendetta and would hurt the development of the Muslim community.
“I had met the minority development minister a month back and was willing to resign. He, however, asked me to continue. Suddenly, I have come to know that the entire board is being dissolved. No replacement has been announced. All this suggests that this is a political vendetta and this decision will hurt the growth of the Muslim community,” said Shroff, who was appointed in July.
There are various other boards in the state that look into minority issues. These include Maharashtra State Haj Committee, Maharashtra State Wakf Board and the Maharashtra State Urdu Academy. Members of these committees now fear that they would be asked to go as well.
Khadse was not available for comment.
A senior state government official, however, said: “It is a normal practice of revamping boards when new governments come in. It should not be seen as an attempt to target a minority community institution.”

Market sees political action behind SBI MF shelving ShariahfundBy: ENS Economic Bureau | Mumbai |
Posted: December 6, 2014 2:49 am
SBI Mutual Fund — the mutual fund arm of India’s largest bank, State Bank of India has shelved a  plan to launch Shariah Equity Fund, an open-ended scheme designed to invest money in companies that follow Islamic Shariah rules this week, leading to speculation in a section of the market that it could be “a political move”.
“Based on the inputs received from various participants in the pre-launch meetings, it has been decided to review the structure of SBI Shariah Fund,” an official of SBI Mutual Fund said.
Accordingly, it has been decided to defer the launch of new fund offer of Shariah Fund and it would be reoffered in a better and more attractive format in the future, the official told The Indian Express.
However, market analysts  said the reason for deferring the offering could be political. When asked specifically whether there was any political, governmental or social pressure to withdraw the fund, the official declined to discuss the issue.
Syed Zahid Ahmad, founder, Economic Initiatives, and advisor for participatory finance, Basix India, said, “I had gone through the scheme. It’s a good product. I don’t know why it was withdrawn. With SBI’s wide reach across the country, the scheme would have raised a substantial amount from the people.”
“In fact, we had proposed tax incentives for this Shariah Fund as the money will be invested in the infrastructure sector and it will help the government in cutting its fiscal deficit,” Ahmad said.
The scheme had received all the approvals from market regulator Sebi, and was slated for launch on December 1.
A senior SBI Mutual Fund official had earlier told The Indian Express that investment in the scheme was not restricted to any particular religious community. “Anybody can invest in this scheme. There are around 600-700 companies which fall under the requirements of Shariah rules. The fund mobilised will be invested in good companies selected from this lot,” he had said.
The original scheme had both growth and non-growth options. If an investor didn’t want interest or dividend as per the Shariah rules, he could opt for the growth option.
This is not the first time that such an ethical fund was planned. Benchmark MF earlier launched an ETF which tracks the S&P CNX Nifty Shariah Index.
Tata Mutual Fund has an ethical fund  which invests in a diversified equity portfolio based on principles of Shariah. Taurus MF had also launched a scheme which follows the principles of Shariah.
Investments based on Shariah rules have been getting popular in India. Although Sebi has allowed four mutual funds to launch Shariah funds in the Indian market, Islamic banking is yet to be allowed in the country as the banking regulator Reserve Bank of India has found it “inconsistent with the existing laws”. Shariah-compliant funds are normal funds but make investments only in companies or instruments that follow Shariah rules.
Shariah funds avoid investments in companies involved in activities like alcoholic beverages, casinos, non halal food products and conventional financial institutional based on interest. It also avoids companies with higher debt to continued…

DGCA acts tough on SpiceJet  cancels 186slotsBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 6, 2014 2:47 am | Updated: December 6, 2014 12:27 pm
Concerned over the deteriorating condition of SpiceJet and large-scale flight cancellations, aviation regulator DGCA on Friday withdrew 186 of its slots and asked it to clear salary dues of all its employees in the next 10 days.
After reviewing the situation facing the no-frill carrier, DGCA chief Prabhat Kumar took a series of decisions, including asking the airline to file a “convincing schedule” by December 15 to clear its over Rs 1,500 crore dues to various vendors including airports and oil companies, official sources said.
The DGCA also directed the airline not to take bookings of flights over one month and refund the booking amount to the customers of cancelled flights in 30 days, they said. As many as 93 arrival and 93 departure slots were withdrawn by DGCA as the low-cost carrier was operating 232 flights in October, instead of 339 in September, the sources said.
The regulator would now on also carry out “heightened” surveillance of all SpiceJet flights on landing to ensure that safety is not compromised due to its financial troubles, they said. The measures came a day after civil aviation minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju said troubled SpiceJet was seeming to “give us heart attacks”.
SpiceJet in a late night statement said that returning of unused slots to the airport operator was a routine process.
“As a natural consequence of the fleet reduction of 15 Boeing planes, unused slots are given back to the airports. This is routine process and a natural outcome of our revised fleet plan, and there is nothing  unusual about the slots being cancelled,” the airline said.

RIL joins hands with Mexicos Pemex to explore oil andgasBy: ENS Economic Bureau | Mumbai |
Posted: December 6, 2014 2:45 am
Reliance Industries has signed a deal with Mexico’s national oil company Petroleos Mexicanos to explore oil and gas opportunities and expand its international asset base.
Reliance, led by Mukesh Ambani, and Pemex will also explore international markets for “value added opportunities”, RIL said in a statement.
Reliance and Pemex will also share expertise and skills in the relevant areas of oil and gas industry including for deep-water oil and gas exploration and production.
The pact envisages sharing of RIL’s pioneering expertise in deepwater development and best practices in east coast of India and RIL’s experience in shale gas in the US. RIL will also provide technical support and share experience with Pemex for refining value maximisation and other technical optimisation strategies.
“RIL and Pemex will also collaborate to exchange experiences on environmental and social responsibility front. The signing of the MoU marks further strengthening of the long standing relationship between RIL and Pemex,” RIL said.
“RIL’s cooperation with Pemex is in line with its growth strategy to explore opportunities to expand its international asset base in regimes having internationally attractive competitive terms,” the statement said.
RIL has already tasted success in North America with its three shale gas and liquid assets in the US, which are the main contributors to its upstream hydrocarbons exploration and production business at present.
Simultaneously, earnings from its Indian oil and gas business have been steadily declining for a few years now as gas output from its flagship D6 reservoir in the Krishna-Godavari Basin has been on a decline. The Indian oil and gas business has also been mired in controversy and litigation with frequent run-ins with the government on issues like cost recovery and gas pricing.
This is the second partnership announced by RIL in the Americas, with the first one being in Venezuela, where the company had signed a similar understanding Petroleos de Venezuela in October 2013.

Cong minister: Jammu facing injustice  need a HinduCMWritten by Arun Sharma | Jammu |
Posted: December 6, 2014 2:44 am
Senior Congress leader and Minister for PHE, Irrigation and Flood Control, Sham Lal Sharma, Friday alleged that the people of Jammu region had suffered “injustice and discrimination” for the last 67 years.
Significantly, except for a few years, the Congress has been in power in the state during that period — either on its own or in coalition with the National Conference or the Peoples Democratic Party. Sharma is known for his outbursts even against his own government on issues concerning people in Jammu region.
Intensifying his campaign in Akhnoor Assembly constituency, Sharma attacked those who talked of grievances of the people of Kashmir, but “observe criminal silence on the last 67 years of injustice and discrimination towards Jammu region”. The mindset of the ruling elite has to be changed by the people of Jammu with a mandate in favour of a party that stands for a better future, he said at election rallies at Maira and Muthi.
Sharma, a Congress nominee, is seeking re-election from Akhnoor for the third time in a row. He appealed to the people to vote for the Congress as it has emerged as sole guardian of their interests in view of its pledge to provide Regional Development Councils for equitable development of all the three regions of the state, reservation for residents of areas along the International Border, and a package for refugees from Chhamb and PoK.
On Wednesday, after filing his nomination, Sharma also reiterated his demand for a Hindu CM. “Time has come for a Hindu CM in J&K. Where in the Constitution has it been written that there cannot be a Hindu CM in the state?”

Banks trim deposit rates  look at passing on benefit toloansBy: ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi |
Posted: December 6, 2014 2:43 am | Updated: December 6, 2014 2:55 am
With large public and private sector banks cutting term deposit rates in quick succession, banks are likely to cut loan rates early next year.
The country’s largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) on Friday cut its deposit rates for maturities of over one year by 0.25 per cent.
SBI is the third bank after private sector lenders ICICI Bank, the country’s second-largest bank, and HDFC Bank to reduce deposit rates during the week. In fact, this is the fourth time SBI has trimmed deposit rates in the last five months.
SBI chairman Arundhati Bhattacharya had recently said that loan rates would start trending downwards through a compression of spreads but had added that deposit rates also needed to come down.
“We led the deposit rate cut a while back and a few bigger banks cut their rates about three weeks back and so, some of the bigger banks are now beginning to cut on their deposit rates. As and when that gets entrenched and the deposit rates trend downwards you can also see some kind of result in cuts in the base rates,” Bhattacharya had said.
In a regulatory filing on Friday, SBI said it has lowered deposit rates by 25 basis points (bps) to 8.5 per cent for deposits maturing between one and three years. The bank has also revised its term deposit rates for maturities of three to five years, and five years and above to 8.5 per cent and 8.25 per cent, respectively. These rates would also be applicable, SBI said, for NRE deposits of one year and above.
Private sector lender Axis Bank has also cut rates by up to 75 bps on term deposits below one year and by 15-25 bps in select maturities above one year, effective December 8.
A few days ago ICICI Bank and HDFC Bank trimmed their fixed deposit rates below Rs 1 crore by 25 bps and 25-50 bps, respectively, in select maturities.
Deposit rates have come off beginning July when SBI cut its term deposit rates by 25-50 bps in certain categories. Flush with funds and finding a mismatch in credit demand, banks have been cutting deposit rates for the last five months. Analysts said that with lower cost of funds, a result of lower interest paid on deposits, banks are likely to pass on the benefit to customers with a cut in base rates.
HDFC Bank to cut loan rate by March: Puri
Having cut its deposit offering by up to 0.50 per cent, the country’s second-largest private sector lender HDFC Bank will be cutting its lending rate by March, its managing director said on Friday. “Now I’ve reduced my fixed deposit rates, and you will see continued…

Move to exempt MIDC from central land acquisitionActWritten by Shalini Nair | Mumbai |
Posted: December 6, 2014 2:42 am
The Maharashtra government is set to seek the centre’s nod to exempt the Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) from central land acquisition legislation provisions that mandate social impact assessment for all projects, besides consent of 80 per cent of land owners in case the government is acquiring land for private companies.
The state government will ask Union Industries Ministry for MIDC Act 1961 to be added to the list of projects exempted from provisions of the Right to Fair Compensation and Transparency in Land Acquisition, Rehabilitation and Resettlement Act, 2013.
Land acquisition for atomic energy projects, national highways, railways, mines and power infrastructure do not need to follow these provisions.
“The Land Acquisition Act, 1894 was in existence when MIDC Act 1961 came into force. At one point, when it was challenged in court, the ruling said the MIDC Act need not be replaced by the land acquisition act as the objectives are different, with the ‘orderly industrial development of the state’ being our objective under statute,” said MIDC CEO Bhushan Gagrani. He added that his department has submitted the proposal for including MIDC in the list of exemptions to the state government and it will soon be forward to the centre.
Diluting the central legislation brought into force by the previous UPA government has been on the cards of the BJP-led union government. In addition to watering down the social impact assessment for projects except large ones and doing away with the consent clause, the union government aims to reduce compensation amount stipulated in the new Act. Gagrani said MIDC is willing to pay the relatively high compensation LARR sets, but social impact assessment and consent clause would lead to procedural delays and come in the way of the Devendra Fadnavis government’s move to fast-track the ‘Make in Maharashtra’ campaign.
Farmers’ groups, especially those from 78 villages of Raigad opposing MIDC acquisition for the Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridor, had been served notices under the MIDC Act instead of the central Act leading to a confrontation. “The central Act says its provisions apply to industrial corridors. Exempting MIDC Act from it will lead to forcible acquisitions. Of the 2.07 lakh acres it acquired till date, MIDC has failed to allot about a lakh acres,” said Ulka Mahajan of the Anti-corridor Struggle Committee. Union Industries Minister Anant Geete had takenthe side of farmers. Raigad is his home constituency.

Focus this election on growth:BJPWritten by Arun Sharma | Jammu |
Posted: December 6, 2014 2:40 am
The BJP put forth a new proposition before the people of Jammu and Kashmir with BJP general secretary Ram Madhav, saying they have refined their political thinking so as to allow development over old discourse.
Speaking at a seminar on BJP’s development vision, Madhav said: “We have tried to change the political discourse by coming up with a new proposition. Usually parties talk about giving peace a chance in the state, but we have come with the proposition to give development a chance.”
He said that the BJP has come up with a development-centric view as it felt that assembly elections should be contested keeping in mind the present situation of the state.

Tiger Triplets Have Debut at Washington State ZooIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Low millennial wages Blame boomerslow millennial wages blame boomers
Heres how Landrieus kitchen sink strategy against Cassidy has soundedBy Sean Sullivan December 5 Follow @WaPoSean
Senator Mary Landrieu speaks to a supporter on December 2, 2014 in Gretna, Louisiana. (Photo by Edmund D. Fountain for The Washington Post)
Sen. Mary Landrieu (D-La.) has spent the final week of her long-shot campaign to keep her job using an assortment of attacks against Rep. Bill Cassidy (R), zigging and zagging from one issue to another as she barnstorms the state.
In contrast, Cassidy's closing argument is the same one he has used for the duration of the campaign: “Senator Landrieu represents Barack Obama. I represent you."
Often, the candidate who is shifting attack patterns is trailing. Polls show this race is no exception. (After all, if your criticism is resonating with voters, why change it up?)
Here's a snapshot of all the different things Landrieu has had to say about Cassidy this week, veering from the political to the personal category, and even touching on the legal:
1. "If you are going to refer to the president of the United States, he's at least earned the title that the people gave him when they elected him."
Landrieu accused Cassidy Tuesday of being "disrespectful" to President Obama. Asked what she meant, the senator responded: "He refers to him by his last name. Constantly." Her argument was akin to the one Rep. Cedric Richmond (D) made in a Landrieu ad geared at African American voters.
2. He's not man enough.
Bloomberg's Dave Weigel sums up it up:
Landrieu's feminization of Cassidy (for not being accessible) is something to watch. She contrasted him with Rob Maness: "He was a MAN."
— daveweigel (@daveweigel) December 3, 2014
3. "He's going to be fighting more than the president. He's going to be fighting subpoenas."
Landrieu has spent much of time on the trail trying to convince voters Cassidy may have committed payroll fraud as a part-time employee at Louisiana State University. He denies any wrongdoing; LSU is looking into the matter.
4. "I hope we don't let him run out the clock."
Landrieu is correct is pointing out that Cassidy has been absent from the campaign trail this week. His Friday events with Sen.-elect Joni Ernst (R-Iowa) a day before the Saturday runoff election are his first campaign appearances in the state since he appeared in the final debate on Monday.
5. "We have a person with virtually no record."
Landrieu and her allies have been arguing that Cassidy's congressional record is thin and stands in contrast to her many years of delivering for Louisiana voters in Washington.
It's a sweeping array of attacks. On Saturday, she'll find out if any of those punches landed.
Sean Sullivan has covered national politics for The Washington Post since 2012.

Christmas creep a trick and treat to boost Santa salesChicago Tribune philrosenthal @chicagotribune.com
phil_rosenthal This mashup of @darlenelovesing appearances with @Letterman got to me -- for a lot of reasons http://t.co/kc8058XNaR (h/t @MRLiepis)
Early morning shopping
Jose M. Osorio, Chicago Tribune
Shoppers walk the aisles of Kmart at 3443 W. Addison Street in Chicago Nov. 28, 2013. Kmart was the only retail store opening first thing in the morning on Thanksgiving Day.
Shoppers walk the aisles of Kmart at 3443 W. Addison Street in Chicago Nov. 28, 2013. Kmart was the only retail store opening first thing in the morning on Thanksgiving Day. (Jose M. Osorio, Chicago Tribune)
Few say they like Christmas creep, but consumers still buy into it ... even before Halloween.
October surprise: Businesses dreaming of a bright Christmas have pushed up holiday season
Seasons bleeding: Forget Black Friday holiday sales. Try Black November.
Chicago temperatures in the 70s this week be damned, it's beginning to look a lot like Christmas.
Well, maybe not a lot, but enough. Holiday items are popping up in stores. Catalogs are showing up in the mail. The price cuts already have begun, and wise men eyeing year-end travel have looked to the skies and received signs their trips should already be booked.
Driving this Christmas creep are businesses dreaming of a bright Christmas, just like the ones they used to know. Market research shows a vast majority of us profess that it's ho-ho-horrible to edge into Jack Frost territory before the jack-o'-lanterns have ceded the stage. Tough tinsel.
  Open link
Forget the snow, this is all about making it rain.
"You do see Christmas creep happening in some stores, but I wouldn't say it's a full onslaught of everybody all at once," said Jake Bailey, vice president of strategy for RichRelevance, a software company that helps retailers personalize shopping for consumers.
RichRelevance's just-released study of about 1,000 or so Americans found that 71 percent were "annoyed" or "very annoyed" to find holiday items in stores before Halloween, and 42 percent said they were less likely to buy from them as a result. Just 7 percent said they "like" or "love" the seasons bleeding together, with 5 percent said it made them more likely to start buying.

Viral video 2014: Couple find treasure worth Rs. 62-cr in gardenCouple Finds $10 Million Worth Of Rare Gold Coins On Property
by Tribune 1:55 mins
507,700 views
A California Gold Country couple has struck it rich after finding an unprecedented hoard of rare gold coins on their property. According to rare coin firm Kagin`s, the more than 1,400-coin find is worth at least $10 million. The find is named the Saddle Ridge Treasure, after the name of the property where they were unearthed.
Link

Links: $2 gas  Beastie Boys  giant wombatsStarbucks will start selling beer and wine in a bid to get customers to linger longer in the evening.
A federal judge on Thursday refused to throw out Beastie Boys’ $1.7 million verdict against Monster Beverage over the company’s use of the group’s music in a promotional video without permission.
The U.S. Marshals Service is auctioning off 50,000 bitcoins seized in the prosecution against the internet black market bazaar Silk Road.
Smith & Wesson reports that rifle sales are down 50%.
Bill Gross, late of Pimco, now of Janus Capital, says investors should take their chips off the  table and be prepared for asset prices to drop. Nouriel Roubini thinks that will happen, too, but not until 2016.
The national inventory of foreclosed homes is down 31% from October 2013.
Here’s a really big number . Does that tell you much?

Shiv Sena joins BJP govt  gets 10 seats in CabinetShiv Sena joins BJP govt, gets 10 seats in Cabinet
Sanjay Jog | Mumbai Dec 06, 2014 12:30 AM IST
Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis on Friday expanded his nine-member ministry with the induction of 20 more — 10 each from the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and the Shiv Sena — at a swearing-in function on the premises of the Assembly.
Governor Vidyasagar Rao administered the oath of office and secrecy to the new ministers.  The swearing-in function was attended by Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray and his family, apart from BJP ministers Dharmendra Pradhan and Piyush Goyal. The Congress and Nationalist Congress Party did not attend the swearing in function.
BJP’s poll allies Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatana and Rashtriya Samaj Party were also absent, displeased at not being included in the cabinet expansion.
In the cabinet expansion, the BJP has tried to bring about some regional balance, besides giving due to seniority, loyalty and factions in its selection of ministers. On the other hand, Shiv Sena, which has agreed to play second fiddle to the BJP, has gone by seniority, notwithstanding candidates’ membership from the Legislative Council instead of the Assembly. The Sena has also gone for an urban-rural mix, ignoring discontent from Assembly members for being neglected.
The list of BJP’s cabinet ministers included five time MLA Girish Bapat (Kasba Peth, Pune), Girish Mahajan (Jamner, Jalgaon), Chandrashekhar Bavankule (Kamthi, Nagpur), Baban Lonikar (Partur, Jalna) and Rajkumar Badole (Arjuni-Morgaon, Gondiya).
Bapat earlier declined to become the speaker of the Assembly. Mahajan, who hails from the Gujar community, has been picked to balance BJP veteran and state revenue minister Eknath Khadse, who is reportedly upset over not being considered for the chief minister's post.
Bavankule reportedly belongs to Union minister Nitin Gadkari's camp and has been at the forefront in taking up issues involving farmers and villagers affected due to pollution from coal-based power projects in his constituency.
Shiv Sena's cabinet ministers include Subhash Desai, who was defeated by the BJP's Vidya Thakur from Goregaon constituency. Thakur, who represents a large north Indian community, has already been inducted in Fadnavis' cabinet on October 31. Desai, who was involved during talks with the BJP for sharing power, along with Sena MP Anil Desai, is a confidant of Sena president Uddhav Thackeray.
Others include legislators from Mahrashtra Legislative Council Diwakar Raote, Ramdas Kadam and Dr Dipak Sawant. Both Raote and Kadam were ministers during the Shiv Sena-BJP alliance government between 1995 and 1999. Sawant organises medical camps for the Sena and is a part of the teachers' union. Sena legislator from Thane Eknath Shinde, who had assumed the post of the Leader of the Opposition in the Assembly on November 12, has resigned from that post to take the oath as minister.
BJP's ministers of state included Ram Shinde, who is of the Dhangar community, (Karjat-Jamkhed, Ahmednagar), Vijay Deshmukh (Solapur city-North), Raje Ambarish Maharaj (Aheri in Naxalite-affected Gadchiroli), Pravin Pote and Ranjit Patil (both member of the Maharahstra Legislative Council).
Pote, who is an entrepreneur and runs educational institutions, was elected from the local body constituency in Amravati in the Vidarbha region. Patil was elected to the Council from Amravati Graduates constituency.
The Sena list of MoS has Ravindra Waikar (Jogeshwari, two time MLA and elected as corporator thrice), Sanjay Rathord (Digras, Yavatmal), Vijay Shivthare (Purandar, Pune), Dada Bhuse (two time MLA from the Malegaon (outer) Assembly constituency, has won the seat for the third time) and Deepak Kesarkar (Sawantwadi, Sindhudurg, who jumped to Sena deserting Nationalist Congress Party ahead of the Assembly poll).

In Carolina  Caps found production from 4th lineBy Alex Prewitt December 5 Follow @alex_prewitt
(AP)
RALEIGH, N.C. — More than six weeks ago, at the first stop on the Washington Capitals’ tour through western Canada , Audrey and Don Chimera drove the short distance from their Edmonton home to see their son practice. Inside a local rink, the cramped kind where young Jason grew up playing, they sat behind the glass and watched him tear up the ice, 35 years old yet still among the fastest skaters.
“He always could fly,” Don Chimera said, then joked, “Surprised at his age he’s still got it.”
This was the reason some in Washington had dubbed Jason Chimera, “The Ice Cheetah,” the fundamental skill on which he climbed into the NHL with the Oilers at the turn of the century, the safety net for when his offensive production dipped. And now, as Chimera pounced on a loose puck during the first period Thursday night and bolted past two Carolina Hurricanes, tabling an early goal from Jay Beagle, his agility finally brought the Capitals production from their lowest line.
“We’re a line that’s got to create some energy for guys and get the guys going,” Chimera said later, after his assist offered an early cushion in a 2-1 victory over Carolina. Before their first shift Thursday night, he turned to linemates Michael Latta and Beagle and instructed them to keep the energy levels high.
Less than three minutes after the puck dropped, Chimera forced a breakaway, watched goaltender Anton Khudobin fail to clear the initial shot and celebrated with Beagle, who poked the rebound past Khudobin for his third goal of the season.
“Didn’t plan out that good, but we know it worked,” Chimera said. “We had some good legs after that too, gave the guys some confidence. Should have had a couple more in the first, our line, but it was nice to get the first.”
Said goaltender Braden Holtby: “We got that early goal from our energy line. That does a lot for team  morale, gets the blood pumping, gets everyone into the game.”
Over the past two games, since Coach Barry Trotz flipped Brooks Laich and Chimera in their left wing spots, fourth-line pieces have helped produce goals. Tuesday against Vancouver, Chimera provided the secondary assist on John Carlson’s even-strength goal, his second of the night. Before that, the last fourth-line goal came on Oct. 26 in Vancouver, when rookie Liam O’Brien scored the first of his NHL career.
“Chimmer was flying early,” Trotz said. “I was really happy with him . He was skating, he was doing the things you like to see Chimmer do, he was using his assets. He set the tone right off the bat. Beags is a guy I think everybody likes in the room because of the fact that he comes to work and is a pro every day. Was happy for him, and it was good for Chimmer. That line was good.”
Between Chimera’s line, unequivocally the fourth in Trotz’s deployment pattern, and center Eric Fehr’s line, debatably the second or third, the Capitals received both goals from these groups the coach later called “the most effective lines by far tonight.”
Latta, Beagle and Chimera all fell below 50 percent Corsi-for rates at five-on-five, a measurement of total shot differential according to War On Ice , but their unblocked shot rates were all 50 percent or higher, suggesting that, while they spent time hemmed in the defensive zone, not as many pucks reached goaltender Braden Holtby as were attempted toward him. Chimera blocked one shot. Both Beagle, who earned the team’s “Honest Abe Player of the Game” award, and Latta, blocked three.
“I would say they were the reason we won tonight,” Trotz said. “They were good. They were hard to play against, they did all of the right things. That line set the tone, yeah.”
In particular, Latta stood out to Trotz. The 23-year-old missed four straight games, unfortunate collateral as Trotz shifted Andre Burakovsky into a fourth-line role. But with Evgeny Kuznetsov scratched for just the second time in his professional hockey career, Burakovsky moved up between Troy Brouwer and Marcus Johansson, skated a team-low 12 shifts and cracked the door for Latta.
“Latta said, ‘Hey I want to be in the lineup,’” Trotz said. “He was making a point: You can’t take me out if I play the way he did today. I was real happy by the response by him.”
Not that the rest of the fourth-line play was too displeasing either.
Alex Prewitt covers the Washington Capitals. Follow him on Twitter @alex_prewitt or email him at alex.prewitt@washpost.com .

What 75 Successful Entrepreneurs Have to Say About Wealthreddit
Today I am delighted to have the opportunity to interview Austin Netzley, author of #1 bestseller Make Money, Live Wealthy .
I have known Austin for some time now and I can truly say that he lives by the messages he shares in his book.
What makes Make Money, Live Wealthy a great read is that Austin has compiled this book based on his interviews with 75 successful entrepreneurs. I am honored that Austin included me in this most august group!
The book highlights the 10 Simple Steps to Wealth, based on these interviews.
In this interview Austin shares:
his #1 personal takeout about wealth that he has gleaned from all those he interviewed
what wealth really means
the importance of being clear on your "why"
how mindset comes before wealth
his advice regarding wealth, whether you are starting out, are at that mid point in your career, or at the later stages of your working life.
Truthfully, this is a great read - very practical and challenging. What makes the purchase of the book an even greater investment is that Austin provides you with access to a load of material online that can really help you create your own wealth. Access to this material is worth more than the price of this book, in its own right!
Check out the interview here .
For more information you can contact Austin at austin@yoprowealth.com . You can also get more information at:
http://www.makemoneylivewealthy.com
You can purchase his book on Amazon at http://bit.ly/BuyMakeMoneyLiveWealthy .
Would love to hear your thoughts on the interview with Austin. You may email me at john@johnmurphyinternational.com or post your comments below.
Follow John Murphy on Twitter: www.twitter.com/jmicoaching
More:

The man who chose to change the rules of the roadThe man who chose to change the rules of the road
Surajeet Das Gupta | New Delhi Dec 06, 2014 12:31 AM IST
On Wednesday, 213,900 concerned citizens petitioned Prime Minister Narendra Modi to introduce a proposed Road Transport and Safety Bill, which suggests sweeping changes to make India’s roads safer, in the current Parliament session.
The Bill proposes a new authority with powers to formulate and ensure implementation of vehicle recall policies, as well as impose safety standards, such as mandatory crash tests and imposition of fines for engineering defects in vehicles. Besides, it seeks to make the licensing process more transparent — with automatic tests, push for greater electronic enforcement, compulsory seat belts, standards on visibility and safe distance, among other measures.
The man behind the signature campaign that led to the petition was Piyush Tewari, who would have been the boss of a hotshot private equity fund, making his millions, if it was not for a traumatic experience that changed his life.
In 2007, Tewari’s cousin bled to death in Kanpur, as no bystander came to his help until 45 minutes of him being hit by a vehicle. Tewari has fought a determined battle since 2008 to have the archaic Motor Vehicles Act replaced by a new comprehensive legislation.
Traumatised by the accident, Tewari set up SaveLIFE, a non-government organisation (NGO) that year. Determined to change the rules of the game, he quit his regular job three years later.
He discovered nearly 50 per cent of road deaths could be avoided, if crucial initial emergency aid is given to the victim in the first half-hour. That gave him his first mission — training Delhi Police constables manning the city’s PCR (police control room) vans to provide rapid first aid to accident victims.
This involved simple tips on how to stop or reduce bleeding, one key cause of death. “Data showed us 90 per cent of accident victims in Delhi were transported by police vans, as bystanders feared police harassment if they helped. We trained over 6,000 policemen in Delhi; and that little intervention made a difference” says Tewari.
The effort worked: The number of deaths related to road accidents in the capital city came down from 2,325 in 2010 to 1,810 in 2013, even as the number of accidents went up from 48,000 to 66,000 during this period.
Based on this experience, Tewari realised there was a need to encourage bystanders to come forward and help accident victims. His NGO filed a public-interest suit and, in a landmark decision two years ago, the Supreme Court appointed a committee to formulate guidelines for protecting ‘Good Samaritans’ from police harassment and legal hassle.
Last year, the committee made some significant recommendations — a citizen making a phone call to inform police could not be forced to reveal his name and personal details; citizens who were witness could not be harassed and could be examined through video conferencing, among other ways.
The next step was to push this through a Bill in Parliament. The NGO got the support of actor (and now a Bharatiya Janata Party member of Parliament) Kirron Kher, who also moved a private member’s Bill on the issue. Work is on to give shape to this legislation, though the NGO thinks this could have been better spearheaded by the health ministry than the heavy industries ministry.
Tewari was also irked by the fact that the current Motor Vehicles Act was out of sync with the needs of safety and required a new legislative framework. He says: “I discovered, to my shock, that the Act allowed goods carriers to protrude rods by up to one metre, and permitted states under it to increase the limit. So, in Goa, for example, the limit is two metres.”
Through a right to information (RTI) plea, SaveLIFE received data that revealed as many as 9,800 deaths in India in 2012 happened because of protruding rods. The NGO decided to again intervene legally, by filing a public-interest suit in the Supreme court. And, in March this year, the clause allowing protruding rods was stuck down. But Tewari agrees the challenge has begun only now, as the law’s enforcement, in practice, is more of an exception than a rule.
Therefore, the NGO has strongly advocated more electronic surveillance, so that human intervention in enforcement is reduced. Many say it is expensive and the government does not have the money. Tewari calls that argument bunkum. To illustrate, he cites data based on Delhi’s ITO intersection, one of the busiest in the city. There were 140 million violations at this intersection in a month but the number of vehicles fined was less than 7,000. A foolproof surveillance system for the intersection, with four cameras, would require only about Rs 48 lakh, which the police could more than make up for, through the manifold increase in challans.
For Tewari, opposition to his advocacy is part of the game. Automobile companies, truck operators and, of course, regional transport offices, he says, have serious objections to the new Bill becoming a law. So, he has eschewed taking any grants from automobile companies to fund his annual budget of over Rs 1 crore. Instead, he has got funding of Rs 1 crore from STAR TV’s show Satyamev Jayate; those like Red Cross and Rolex Foundation have helped.
Tewari says auto companies do not like a new authority being vested with powers on recall, which they want to remain voluntary and left to their will. Also, they do not want standards for safety in vehicles — like crash testing— to be imposed. To deflect attention, they argue prices of vehicles like cars will go up 15-20 per cent if these standards are followed. They are exaggerating, Tewari argues, as the price for an airbag was only Rs 3,000. And, while safety could not come for free, the cost involved is not too big, either. “If a consumer has to pay an extra Rs 20,000 on a car worth Rs 4 lakh, especially when he or she is paying the bill through equated monthly instalments, we don’t think anyone will have a problem in paying,” he says.
He also says the cost of safety, like in other countries, has to be shared among consumers, automobile companies and the government.
Tewari says truck owners complain freight rates would go up, as they would have to buy more trucks. That is because under the proposed law, it is not the driver but the fleet owner who is accountable for a violation. “They are a strong lobby and can upset things by merely calling a strike,” Tewari argues. Obviously, regional transport offices also fear their discriminatory powers in giving licences and registering vehicles will go away with automation. A Transparency International study has estimated that vehicles in India pay Rs 22,000 crore annually as bribe on highways alone.
All challenges notwithstanding, Tewari is already looking at his next call in life. He wants to train policemen across the country on first aid, do more research on road safety, help states implement the new law and push through the ‘Good Samaritan’ law. The fighter, though, acknowledges it will be tough. “It won’t be easy; we have to fight a tough battle against lobbies.” But he is not one to give up.

Even at the International Criminal Court  some will always be above the lawBy Adam Taylor December 5 Follow @mradamtaylor
Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta appears before the International Criminal Court in The Hague, Netherlands, on Oct. 8, 2014. Prosecutors at the ICC said Dec. 5 that they are withdrawing charges against Kenyatta. (Peter De Jong/Pool/EPA)
Back in October, when Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta arrived at the International Criminal Court in The Hague, Netherlands, it looked like it could be an important moment for international justice. The ICC had charged Kenyatta with  crimes against humanity in 2012 , and the Kenyan president was the first head of state to ever appear at the ICC since it was established in 2002 to prosecute war crimes.
There was a big problem, however. Kenyatta wasn't in The Hague to address these crimes. Instead, he was there to discuss the lack of evidence against him. "I also don't think Kenyatta would be attending this hearing in person if he thought the prosecution had a meaningful, robust case against him," Jeffrey Smith, an advocacy officer at the RFK Center for Justice & Human Rights, told WorldViews at the time.
Now, less than two months later, the ICC has announced that the charges against Kenyatta had been withdrawn by prosecutors. “Evidence has not improved to such an extent that Mr Kenyatta's alleged criminal responsibility can be proven beyond reasonable doubt,” Fatou Bensouda, the ICC’s chief prosecutor , said.
On Twitter, Kenyatta was said to be feeling vindicated. "I am also deeply relieved by this decision, which is overdue by 6 years," a message from him read . "I have repeatedly declared my innocence to the people of Kenya and the whole world." But for anyone who cares about international justice, this should be a very distressing development.
There are two ways of thinking about the Kenyatta case, one slightly reassuring and one deeply concerning. The first is that the court has, rightfully, behaved as it should. There simply was not enough evidence to prosecute a meaningful case.
Kenyatta's charges relate to a series of violent clashes after the country’s disputed 2007 election. More than 1,000 people were killed and many more were raped or wounded during post-election violence. Kenyatta, son of Kenyan founding father Jomo Kenyatta and a U.S.-educated heir to a large fortune, was accused of arming and funding the attackers, including the  now-banned ethno-religious gang called the Mungiki . Despite his alleged involvement in the violence, he won an election in 2013 and became president.
Throughout the court case, however, prosecutors have struggled to find evidence against Kenyatta. The court itself has admitted this is a huge problem. "In ordinary circumstances, the insufficiency of evidence would cause the prosecution to withdraw the charges," the ICC explained at the start of September . “This case has failed and it has failed in a way that means there is no prospect of it going further,” defense attorney  Steven Kay told the court  in October.
Even if you suspect Kenyatta is actually guilty, few would argue that the court should prosecute cases without enough evidence. One of Kenyatta's harshest accusations against the court was that its charges were politically motivated — and to be fair, it's impossible to ignore that so far all of the defendants so far have been from Africa. Prosecuting the case without evidence would support that theory.
"Declining to proceed in cases where the evidence is insufficient is what we want courts to do," Kate Cronin-Furman, a lawyer and PhD candidate at Columbia University who has worked at The Hague, told WorldViews in October. "So even though [a failure to prosecute Kenyatta] will be another blow to the court's batting average, it's a good sign about the legitimacy of its processes."
But then there's the second way of looking at it, which is thoroughly more distressing. When someone faces charges in a domestic criminal court, there is an assumption that prosecutors will be able to gather evidence. When you are a trying to charge a head of state in an international court, that suddenly becomes an altogether more difficult proposition. The person you are seeking to prosecute essentially controls the evidence. How on earth can you make a case?
Throughout Kenyatta's trial, a large number of  witnesses dropped out , which prosecution lawyers have claimed is due to serious witness intimidation. More worrying still,  a number of Mungiki leaders  appear to have been killed as the trial continued, and the Guardian claims to have spoken to one witness who  admitted to being bribed . The problems with evidence appears to have cut both ways: Defense lawyers claim that prosecution witnesses were being coached, and at least one witness in the case against Kenyatta's co-defendant  was reported  to have admitted to telling lies in his testimony.
The court itself laid much of the blame with Kenyatta. "It would be inappropriate for the Prosecution to withdraw the charges at this stage," the ICC wrote in September , "in light of the Government of Kenya’s continuing failure to cooperate fully with the Court’s requests for assistance in this case and Mr Kenyatta’s position as the head of the [Government of Kenya]."
If the ICC can't prosecute serving heads of state, then it will be forced to go after only rebel commanders and low-level officials. This is not why it was set up, and it may well allow the "victors" in violent power struggles to act with impunity. "I think the Kenyan government has given other would-be human rights abusers the world over a blueprint to avoid ICC prosecution by intimidating and disappearing witnesses and refusing to cooperate in good faith with the prosecutor," Smith of the RFK Center for Justice & Human Rights wrote in an e-mail.
The failed case has also severely damaged the reputation of the ICC in Kenya, where many people do still want to see justice served for the 2007-2008 violence. And across Africa, the ICC"s reputation has become toxic: The African Union has repeatedly criticized the court and threatened to pull out of its jurisdiction en masse, while Sudanese President Omar Hassan al-Bashir, also charged by the ICC, continues to refuse to visit the court and disparages its authority (in 2009, Bashir said that the ICC was a Western plot against Sudan and that he would "eat" his arrest warrant).
It's unclear how the ICC can remedy this — some experts are now calling for a big reorganization of the court . It's also worth remembering, however, what the ICC lacks one important attribute that more successful ad hoc courts like the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia have: The financial backing and clout of the United States. President Bill Clinton signed the Rome Treaty to help create the ICC, but George W. Bush subsequently pulled out of the court, fearful that American citizens could be  targeted by the court . If U.S. citizens ever want a sitting head of state to face trial, they may want their government to reconsider that.
Adam Taylor writes about foreign affairs for The Washington Post. Originally from London, he studied at the University of Manchester and Columbia University.

Should breast-feeding moms perhaps sit in a cornerBy Karla Adam December 5 Follow @karlaadam
Nursing mothers feed their babies in front of the Delta Airlines counter during a Nurse In protest at Portland International Airport on Nov. 21, 2006, in Portland, Oregon. The mothers were protesting as a result of a prior incident in which a woman was breast-feeding her child on a Delta flight prior to takeoff when the flight attendant told her to cover her breast feeding child with a blanket. The flight attendant had Gillette and her family removed from the plane when the mother declined to cover her baby. (Craig Mitchelldyer/Getty Images)
LONDON — Should new moms be allowed to breast-feed in public? Should they be made to cover up? Sit in a corner?
These are questions being hotly debated here following an incident at Claridge’s, one of the London’s poshest hotels. Earlier this month, Louise Burns sat down for tea with her mom and sister at Claridge’s for an annual, pre-Christmas get-together. Moments after Burns started breast-feeding her 3-month-old daughter Isadora, she was approached by a waiter carrying a large napkin and politely asked to cover up.
Humiliated, she tweeted this photo:
Asked to cover up with this ridiculous shroud while #breastfeeding so not to cause offence @ClaridgesHotel today.. pic.twitter.com/Is8GWUaGag
— Lou Burns (@Andysrelation) December 1, 2014
“I was just so shocked and appalled," the 35-year-old told The Post. “I can’t believe we are having this debate in 2014. Women shouldn’t be made to feel shameful or like it’s a dirty secret to be hidden away."
In an e-mailed statement, the hotel said: “Of course Claridge's allows breast-feeding. We just ask our guests to be discreet.”
Debates around breast-feeding in public are not limited to the U.K., of course. Similar tussles have bubbled up on a local level in the U.S., and breast-feeding in general prompts controversy of all kinds — my colleague Emily Wax-Thibodeaux recently highlighted  how, even after a double mastectomy, she faced judgement for not being able to breast-feed.
But the debate here ratcheted up a notch Friday when U.K. Independence Party leader Nigel Farage told a London radio station  that some people feel “very embarrassed” by breast-feeding and suggested that nursing mothers could “perhaps sit in a corner.”
"I think that given that some people feel very embarrassed by it, it isn't too difficult to breast-feed a baby in a way that's not openly ostentatious,” he said.
The Twitterverse lit up. Farage’s political rivals were having a field day, while others wondered what “ostentatious” breast-feeding might look like. And there were, inevitably, many references to the famous "Dirty Dancing" line, “Nobody puts Baby in corner.”
Hey, Nigel Farage, nobody puts (Mum and) Baby in a corner. #ostentatiousbreastfeeding
— Vicky Ratcliffe (@Sod_pot) December 5, 2014
After *that* interview Nigel Farage should sit in a corner!
— Yvette Cooper (@YvetteCooperMP) December 5, 2014
Just kicking off my Friday evening with a spot of #ostentatiousbreastfeeding pic.twitter.com/o0wpMEy6fD
— Kate Diamond (@katediamond) December 5, 2014
When I used to breastfeed my children I had to go around Stockton in this old thing. #ostentatiousbreastfeeding pic.twitter.com/Z8SJQfNgdA
Taken aback, Farage himself took to Twitter, saying he had no issue with women breast-feeding “wherever they want."
. @RebeccaKeating Selective quotations from the Beeb?Here's the statement in full for your followers who expect better pic.twitter.com/9JOf1DJggg
— Nigel Farage (@Nigel_Farage) December 5, 2014
He’s not the only high-profile British politician to raise his views on breast-feeding this week. On Thursday, Nick Clegg, Britain’s deputy prime minister, told the same London radio program  that: “We should create an environment where moms feel it is okay to breastfeed.” When asked about the rights of old men in a cafe sitting near a breast-feeding mother, Clegg said that moms listening to the program would be “spluttering with indignation at the implication that it is somehow, that it’s a kind of in-your-face thing to do in public.”
The issue has clearly hit a nerve here, with nearly 100 mothers set to hold a “nurse-in” at Claridge’s on Saturday, according to the “Free To Feed” Facebook page .
Karla Adam is a reporter in the Washington Post’s London bureau. Before joining the Post in 2006, she worked as a freelancer in London for the New York Times and People magazine.

Texas is the Best State in AmericaBy Reid Wilson December 5 Follow @postreid
In the 1990s and 2000s, states pursued the expensive goal of being tough on crime. Now, with budgets strained near breaking points, those states are trying to cut costs by being smart on crime. Reducing crime rates, recidivism and prison populations isn’t just good for society, after all, it’s good for a state’s bottom line.
And despite Texas’s reputation as the home of draconian crime policies, no other state has adopted more alternatives to traditional incarceration — and reduced the number of prisoners it must pay to house. No other state has reduced its prison population and incarceration rate as much.
Texas’s success had its beginnings in 2006, when state Sen. John Whitmire (D), state Rep. Jerry Madden (R) and corrections expert Tony Fabelo crafted an alternative to a pricey plan to add thousands of new prison beds. The package they presented to legislators included new inpatient and outpatient substance-abuse programs, sentencing alternatives such as pretrial diversion programs that kept minor offenders out of prison, and options to house parole violators in temporary holding sites that aren’t as harsh as prisons. the trio asked for about $250 million, about half the money that would have been required to build new prisons.
“They funded programs rather than prisons,” said Adam Gelb, director of the Public Safety Performance Project at the Pew Charitable Trusts.

Ogilvy & Mather to head Corona Light  Modelo Especial advertising0
Corona Light is the top imported light beer brand and No. 5 among all imported beers, while fast-growing Modelo Especial has become the No. 2 imported beer in the U.S., according to IRI, a Chicago-based market research firm. Michael McGrew, a spokesman for Constellation Beer Brands, said there was room to grow both brands, but saw a huge opportunity for Modelo Especial, which has been marketed mostly to Hispanic consumers.
"We see tremendous upside potential for Modelo Especial, particularly with the general market," McGrew said. "We're trying to be aggressive in realizing the full potential of this brand."
Corona Light spent about $7 million and Modelo Especial nearly $22 million on measured media in the U.S. last year, according to Kantar Media. Ad spending was up more than 60 percent for both brands through the first six months of 2014.
While he would not disclose advertising plans for either brand, Newman said Corona Light is well-positioned in the light beer category as an "upgrade" to domestic beers. The Modelo brand offers even greater untapped potential, he said.
"On the Modelo side, the growth has been incredible and still feels like a sleeping giant, because it's just a brand that is dripping with authenticity," Newman said. "It's an exciting opportunity."
Constellation Beer Brands is the No. 3 beer company in the U.S., with six of the top 20 imported brands, including top-selling Corona Extra. Other brands include Negra Modelo, Pacifico, Tsingtao and Victoria.
Advertising for Corona Extra is handled by Chicago-based independent agency Cramer-Krasselt.
Ogilvy & Mather Chicago has been doing some project work recently for MillerCoors, creating the Miller Lite campaign "The Beer That Changed Everything." But it has been a long time since the agency took the lead on a beer brand, according to Newman.
"It's been quite some time since we've had a full-fledged assignment like this," said Newman, who joined Ogilvy & Mather Chicago in 2012. "It certainly was way before my time here."

China arrests former security chief Zhou Yon...Hu Jintao
(He is the highest-ranking…)
BEIJING: Chinese authorities have arrested former domestic security chief Zhou Yongkang and expelled him from the ruling Communist Party, accusing him of crimes ranging from accepting bribes to leaking state secrets and setting the stage for his trial.
Zhou, 71, is by far the highest-profile figure caught up in President Xi Jinping's crackdown on corruption.
He is also the most senior Chinese official to be ensnared in a graft scandal since the Communists swept to power in 1949 and the highest-ranking to be prosecuted since the fall of the Gang of Four in 1976 following the Cultural Revolution.
In a terse statement released by the official Xinhua news agency at midnight into Saturday, the party's elite decision-making politburo said Zhou's case had been handed over to judicial authorities.
The party began its probe into Zhou, one of China's most powerful politicians of the last decade, in July, following months of rumours and speculation that he was in trouble.
"The investigation found that Zhou seriously violated the party's political, organisational and confidentiality discipline," Xinhua said.
"He took advantage of his posts to seek profits for others and accepted huge bribes personally and through his family."
"He abused his power to help relatives, mistresses and friends make huge profits from operating businesses, resulting in serious losses of state-owned assets," the report said.
Zhou also leaked party and state secrets, took money and property either himself or through his relatives, Xinhua said, without providing details.
In a common accusation used to discredit fallen officials, Xinhua said Zhou had committed adultery with a number of women and had "traded his power for sex and money".
Party members are banned from keeping mistresses.
DEADLY TUMOUR
Xi has warned, like others before him, that corruption is such a serious problem it threatens the party's very survival.
"(Corruption) is a tumour eating away at the party's health and its resolute excision is a necessary demand to uphold the party's character, aims and leadership and to consolidate the party's power and basis for exercising that power," the People's Daily wrote in a commentary on its website on Saturday.
Zhou was a member of the Politburo Standing Committee - China's apex of power - and held the post of security tsar until he retired in 2012.
He was last seen in public more than a year ago. It was not possible to reach him for comment and it was not clear whether he has a lawyer.
Several of his allies have been put under investigation in recent months, including Jiang Jiemin, former top regulator of state-owned enterprises, as well as Zhou's son Zhou Bin.
Zhou Yongkang joined the Politburo Standing Committee in 2007 while also heading the central Political and Legal Affairs Committee, a sprawling body that oversees law and order policy.
The security apparatus he ran expanded during his watch and consumed a budget that exceeded the official figure for military spending. He quickly earned the enmity of Chinese dissidents.
It is unclear whether Zhou will receive an open trial and the midnight release of the news underscores the limits of the party's transparency in such ultra-sensitive cases.
Legal experts say the party runs a risk of Zhou threatening to reveal state secrets if he gets an open trial.
  HUNTING "TIGERS"
Sources with ties to China's leadership have previously told Reuters that Xi was determined to bring down Zhou for allegedly plotting appointments to retain influence ahead of the 18th Party Congress in November 2012, when Xi took over the party.
Zhou had nominated Bo Xilai, a charismatic politician with leadership ambitions, to succeed him as domestic security chief and had tried to orchestrate the younger man's promotion to the Standing Committee, the sources have said.
Bo later fell in a divisive scandal following accusations that his wife had murdered a British businessman in 2011. Bo's wife was convicted over the killing and Bo himself was jailed for corruption and abuse of power last year.
Xi has made fighting pervasive graft a central theme of his rule and has promised to go after "tigers" - senior officials - as well as those of lower rank who are implicated in corruption.
Xi has also pursued corruption in the military, announcing in June a probe into former senior officer Xu Caihou, who retired as vice chairman of the powerful Central Military Commission last year.
In ordering the investigation of Zhou, Xi has broken with an unwritten understanding that members of the Politburo Standing Committee would not come under such scrutiny after retirement.
Sources have told Reuters that Xi's predecessors Hu Jintao and Jiang Zemin had approved the formal investigation into Zhou.
Former top leaders in China usually wield a lot of influence behind the scenes in a political system that prizes consensus decision-making. Both Jiang and Hu, as former presidents and heads of the party, also still have allies installed in office.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Coast Guard Proposes Bering Straits Shipping RouteIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Knock-knock! Prince William to visit President Obama  Vice President BidenBy Emily Heil December 5 Follow @emilyaheil
Britain’s Prince William, Duke of Cambridge, will visit with President Obama. (Ian Gavan/AFP/Getty Images
It seems Prince William is going to get a pretty good tour of Washington after all — the Duke of Cambridge will be dropping in on President Obama and Vice President Biden during his brief visit Monday.
The palace had initially announced only that Willz (it’s okay if we call him that, right?) would spend his first-ever trip to Washington at a meeting at the World Bank focusing on the illegal trade of animals for their ivory and tusks, a cause close to his royal heart. Ho-hum.
The White House and the palace announced an addition to the young royal’s itinerary Friday: some face time with POTUS and the Veep. Now that’s more like seeing the sights.
William’s father, Prince Charles, last visited the White House in 2011. And after the tete-a-tete, William is heading back to New York to rejoin his wife for the end of their three-day U.S. visit.
Hope he’s got time to grab a T-shirt at the gift shop on the way out.
 

EPFO launches online PF transfer facilityEPFO launches online PF transfer facility for PF trusts
By PTI | 5 Dec, 2014, 09.38PM IST
Provident fund accounts with privately held PF trusts can now be transferred online to accounts maintained by the retirement fund body EPFO.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Provident fund accounts with privately held PF trusts can now be transferred online to accounts maintained by the retirement fund body EPFO.
At present, workers are required to file PF transfer claims on changing jobs to consolidate their PF accounts and benefits under the Employees' Pension Scheme 1995 run by the Employees' Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO).
According to a circular today issued by the EPFO for its over 120 field formations, the facility will be available for employees' changing jobs from an exempted establishment (PF trusts) to un-exempted establishment (maintaining accounts with EPFO).
A senior official said the online facility to transfer PF accounts from un-exempted establishments to exempted firm was launched in July this year.
As per the circular, the body has started a process of registering digital signature certificates of the authorised signatories of exempted trusts in July this year for launching this new facility.
There are 3,621 private provident fund trusts (PPFT) which are managing the accounts as well as retirement fund of their workers. These trusts are regulated by the EPFO.
There are over five crore active subscribers whose accounts are being managed by EPFO. But these are all un-exempted firms which don't operate a trust and file provident fund returns with EPFO.
Earlier in the day, the EPFO's Central Provident Fund Commissioner K K Jalan said the body will launch digital live certificate on experimental basis this month.
Digital live certificate will facilitate the pensioners of the body to provide live certificate through his registered mobile handset.
The pensioner are required to submit a live certificate every year in November. At present there are about 47 lakh pensioners under EPFO's pension scheme.
The facility is developed the National Informatics Centre (NIC). We will make changes in the application developed by the NIC according to our software, Jalan added.

For Americans exonerated in Qatar  the law worked. Eventually.By Cameron Barr December 5 Follow @cameronbarr
In this photo posted on the Twitter account of the David House Agency, Matthew Huang, top right, and his wife, Grace, left, greet loved ones upon their arrival in the United States, presumably in Los Angeles, on Thursday. (AP Photo/David House Agency)
Grace and Matthew Huang are back home in the United States after a nearly two-year legal battle with authorities in Qatar, a happy end to a narrative that sometimes follows a predictable script: Americans are incarcerated abroad; agitation generates high-level political intervention; charges disappear as the U.S. citizens are allowed to leave.
An American couple held on charges in their adopted daughter's death left Qatar on Wednesday, after a court ruling absolved them of any wrongdoing. (AP)
The Huangs’s case, prompted by suspicions arising from the death of their 8-year-old daughter last year, contained some of these elements but turned more on the withering of the legal case against them, which ended with an appellate judge excoriating the prosecution.
In his ruling on Sunday, appellate Judge Abdul Rahman al-Sharafi painstakingly criticized the work of the prosecution, in what the New York Times described as “a highly unusual development in the Qatari judicial system, where prosecutors and the police are often heavily favored.”
“The defense offered plenty of proof that they are not guilty,” the judge said, according to the Times.
U.S. officials familiar with the case said Friday that “there was a lot of work done behind the scenes to ensure the judges understood the evidence,” a tactic the officials emphasized over applying high-level political pressure to win the Huangs’ freedom.
“The judge said it better than I ever could,” said one U.S. official, who spoke on condition of anonymity because of lingering diplomatic sensitivities. “It’s been horrible for the Huangs, but it’s sort of a success story that the Qatari legal system functioned as any good legal system should. We just wish it could have happened more quickly.”
The Huangs moved to Qatar from California in 2012 with their three children so that Matthew, an engineer, could oversee an infrastructure project related to the country’s plan to host the 2022 World Cup. Their daughter Gloria, adopted from Ghana after a traumatic early childhood, died suddenly last January, drawing concern from Qatari officials who suspected the child had been mistreated.
The Huangs were arrested and their two other children placed in an orphanage, based on an initial, ultimately discredited theory that Gloria had been starved to death as part of a plan to harvest her organs or conduct medical experiments. The Huangs were convicted on a lesser negligence charge and sentenced to three years in prison. The couple spent nearly a year in prison before being released on appeal; their sons were released from the orphanage and sent home to family in the United States.
The couple was represented by the David House Agency, a crisis management firm, and supported by the California Innocence Project , a legal services nonprofit that works to free people who are wrongfully convicted. Here’s how CIP describes what afflicted Gloria:
Prior to her adoption by the Huangs, Gloria was born into extreme poverty in Ghana and was not adopted until she was four years old. When she arrived in the United States she had Giardia, a parasitic condition that can be difficult to eradicate and can cause a nutritional problem — i.e., impair the body’s ability to absorb nutrients from food. She later tested positive for Vitamin D deficiency and had other unusual blood work that, in retrospect, indicated a continuing malabsorption problem. From time to time she would exhibit an eating disorder — common among children with backgrounds similar to hers — where she would refuse food for days at a time and then eat more than an adult. Other times she would eat food from the garbage even when she had healthy food available. Yet most of the time she was vibrant and seemingly healthy.
Although it is still not known what caused Gloria’s death, the medical and other evidence shows that Gloria clearly did not die of starvation.
Media accounts of the Huangs’ situation note the cultural complexities raised by international adoption and expatriate living. Officials in Qatar, which doesn’t allow adoption, suspected the couple of engaging in human trafficking. “I believe that authorities in Qatar suspected foul play because we are Asian and we adopted three children from Africa who are black,” Matthew Huang told Yahoo News’s Katie Couric .
Qatar has been a U.S. partner on issues including the conflict against the Islamic State and helping to broker the release of Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl from Taliban captivity, and American diplomats joined the effort to resolve the case. U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry weighed in during a tense endgame, when the Huangs encountered difficulties leaving the country even after their acquittal and were left in limbo for several days . Kerry called Qatari Foreign Minister Khalid bin Mohammed al-Attiyah to press for the couple’s speedy return to the United States. The Qatari embassy in Washington did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
U.S. Ambassador to Qatar Dana Shell Smith accompanied the couple to the airport in Doha, the Qatari capital, and made sure they got on the plane. She tweeted:
Matt and Grace Huang are wheels up from Qatar. Emotional. These are the moments all diplomats live for. #proud to serve
— Dana Shell Smith (@AmbDana) December 3, 2014
After they reached California on Thursday, Eric Volz, managing director of the David House Agency, sent word to the family’s supporters.
Mission accomplished. Matt and Grace are in Los Angeles. They have not stopped smiling.
— Eric Volz (@EricVolz) December 4, 2014
Cameron Barr is the National editor at The Washington Post.

White House s Furman Says Oil-Price Decline Benefits...White House s Furman Says Oil-Price Decline Benefits...
Forex reserves rise $1.43 bnForex reserves rise $1.43 bn
Not a good time to do biz with Russia: US warns India | India  Russia eye 15-20 pactsNot a good time to do biz with Russia: US warns India | India  Russia eye 15-20 pacts
From monday it will zoom  in 2015 we can see spice jet trading in thre...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

State files SLP to revoke stay on Maratha reservationBy: Express News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 6, 2014 3:05 am | Updated: December 6, 2014 6:19 am
THE Maharashtra government Friday filed a Special Leave Petition in the Supreme Court against the order of the Bombay High Court that stayed reservations in jobs and educational institutions for the Maratha community.
The decision to offer 16 per cent reservation to Marathas was implemented by the previous Congress-NCP government in the run-up to the Maharashtra Assembly election earlier this year.
Last month, the High Court stayed the decision.
The BJP-led state government had appointed a committee to look into legal hurdles in retaining reservation for Marathas. State Education Minister Vinod Tawde, who chaired the committee, said Attorney general Mukul Rohatgi, state Advocate General Sunil Manohar and senior lawyer Darius Khambata would argue the SLP on behalf of the state government.

State to coalesce small irrigation schemes  make 5 000 villages drought-free every yearBy: Express News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 6, 2014 2:57 am
THE state government has decided to converge all its irrigation schemes for their better implementation. The decision aims to ensure better results and improve the effectiveness of irrigation projects. Through this, the state plans to make 5,000 villages drought-free every year.
Various agencies of the state government operate multiple schemes to boost the irrigation potential of an area. The state government has claimed that due to this disjointed effort it is not able to obtain optimum results.
“We have decided that all small irrigation schemes will be converged. They will be run in an integrated way and the district collectors have been told to ensure optimum results,” Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis said Friday.
The government has also decided to work out a dedicated irrigation plan for each district, keeping in view the requirement of the area. The entire work will be monitored by a new body to be set up. It will be called the Chief Minister’s Transformation Office.
Controversy has surrounded many irrigation projects in Maharashtra with several projects being mired in charges of corruption. There have been allegations that the irrigation potential of the state has increased by just  0.1 per cent in the last decade despite crores of rupees having been spent on these projects.
To ensure greater transparency in irrigation works, said the CM, the state would henceforth upload pre-work and post-work pictures of all projects on a website.

Smaller allies peeved at being left out once againWritten by Parthasarathi Biswas | Pune |
Posted: December 6, 2014 2:55 am
The first cabinet expansion of the Devendra Fadnavis-led BJP government on Friday marked BJP’s reconciliation with its old ally Shiv Sena but smaller parties that allied with BJP were left high and dry, and were not in the picture during the reunion. Senior leaders of three pre-poll allies indicated that they did not receive an official invite to Friday’s swearing-in ceremony. Not only that, there are fears that they not included the next round of expansion either.
Post the failure of seat-sharing talks, Shiv Sena and BJP had gone separate ways to contest the Assembly elections. Swabhimani Paksha of MP Raju Shetti, Rashtriya Samaj Paksha of Mahadev Jankar, Vinayak Mete’s Shiv Sangram and Ramdas Athvale’s RPI  had thrown their weight behind BJP and contested jointly with the BJP. Other than RSP, no ally could send an MLA to the House. Rahul Kul from Daund was the only winner amongst the BJP’s pre-poll allies.
After Fadnavis’ ascension to the chief minister’s post, leaders of these parties had expected to be included in the council of ministers. Shetti had said both Prime Minister Narendra Modi and BJP state president Amit Shah had promised to accommodate them during cabinet expansion. It was even decided that allies would be accommodated in the ministry as ministers of state, one of the leaders said. Friday’s expansion did not include any of them.
The smaller allies “boycotted” the ceremony. Both Shetti and his trusted lieutenant Sadabhau Khot said they had not received any official invite.
“Fadnavis called us around 12 noon asking us to attend the ceremony but it was not possible for us to go,” said Khot. Shetti said said as he was in Delhi for the Winter Session of Parliament it was not possible for him to attend the swearing-in function.
Senior leaders of Swabhimani Paksha said allying with BJP had proved futile for all of them (smaller parties).
“It would have been more fruitful if the allies had gone with Shiv Sena. With none of the leaders being included in the cabinet expansion we do not know what will happen to the allies,” said a senior leader of RSP.
Shetti said they will keep a close watch on working of the state government and oppose any anti-farmer decision. “We will be meeting in a couple of days and our future course of action will be decided then,” he said.

Generics trials by GVK Bio under German regulatory lensPosted: December 6, 2014 2:52 am | Updated: December 6, 2014 2:07 pm
By: BV Mahalakshmi
GVK Biosciences allegedly manipulated the results of clinical trials of generic drugs it carried out on behalf of several European manufacturers, some German media reports said.
Germany’s drug regulators are currently examining whether to suspend the use of more than 100 medicines on the suspicion that they were given marketing licences for forged medical reports of human trials, said TV channels NDR and WDR and the Munich daily Sueddeutsche Zeitung.
A report in The Financial Express had stated on September 26 that GVK Bio received a letter from the Coordination Group for Mutual Recognition and Decentralised Procedures-Human (CMDh), a European drug agency, along with French drug regulator Agency for Medicines and Health Products Safety (ANSM), following a ‘good clinical practice’ (GCP) inspection citing deficiencies that stretch back to 2008.
ANSM found out, during a routine control of medical reports earlier this year that GVK Bio had allegedly forged the outcome of a study of a heart drug. In nine studies, the French authorities found partial manipulation. The EMA had in July written to all manufacturers of generic drugs in the EU, seeking details of their cooperation with GVK Bio.
The Federal Institute for Medicines and Medical Products, which issues licences in Germany, confirmed that it had been investigating the allegations against the company. The agency said it was too early to determine the exact number of medicines involved, but they may be more than 100, according to the reports.
When contacted, GVK Bio said in an email response that it had already submitted independent cardiology assessments of the ECGs indicating that they belonged to multiple volunteers and it was difficult to conclude that they belonged to the same volunteer. The company said an inspection team of the German drug regulator inspected its facility in October.
“We also provided evidence that all key activities such as dosing, blood sampling and processing were adequately controlled, supervised and the staff were qualified to do the work. We also strengthened the operating procedures around taking the ECGs and these were accepted by the authorities,’’ the company said.

We dont intend to go witch-huntingWritten by Vipin Pubby |
Posted: December 6, 2014 2:50 am | Updated: December 6, 2014 2:51 am
Manohar Lal Khattar has been media shy since he took over as Chief Minister of Haryana. In his first interview since taking charge, he speaks to Vipin Pubby about his government’s vision, priorities and policies. Excerpts:
What have you identified as priority areas?
One of the most important goal that we have set up for ourselves is to bring transparency in governance. We are aiming to work towards eradication of corruption by plugging loopholes in the system and to see to it that there is a less scope of discretion. I feel that discretion is the main cause of corruption.
Could you specify the steps you intend to take in this direction ?
For instance, we want to minimise marks allotted for interviews in various selections and appointments. There is a possibility of corruption or favouritism whenever there is more discretion in the selection process. We would like to bring down marks for interviews to 10 per cent, or even less.
Will such reforms be limited to recruitments ?
No, we shall introduce systems which leave little  scope for corruption and we shall follow the best practices from all over the country. For instance, we intend to adopt the Tamil Nadu model for purchase of medicines. I have been told that ever since that the state created a corporation for purchase of medicines, the price of basic medicines has dropped sharply by about 50 per cent.
Do you intend to investigate allegations of corruption against the previous government, particularly in high-profile cases ?
Our focus in on the future of the state. What happened in the past is not our priority. However, we shall ensure justice for anyone who had suffered any loss due to the past decisions . But, there would be no general inquiry. We don’t intend to go witch-hunting.
Any plan to review the land acquisition policy of the previous government?
We shall make it absolutely transparent. There will be no backdoor deals. We shall try to see that acquisition of productive land is strictly avoided.
Do you propose to bring out a white paper on the financial health of the state ?
We have begun the process, but our main aim would be to find out how much better the state could have done with the resources at its command.
There were allegations that your government went slow in dealing with Satlok ashram of Rampal.
The police did not fire even a single bullet. In fact, two of our policemen had received bullet injuries. It was a sensitive situation and I think police and administration handled it well.
Any evidence of the dera’s links with Naxals ?
We are looking into any unlawful activities taking place inside the dera, but so far we have not found any evidence continued…

Govt dissolves board of minorities financial development corporationWritten by Zeeshan Shaikh | Mumbai |
Posted: December 6, 2014 2:49 am
The BJP government has decided to dissolve the board of the Maulana Azad Minorities Financial Development Corporation, which provides loans to members of the minority community. The move is being seen as an attempt by the new government to clear all boards and corporations of individuals appointed by the previous Congress-NCP government. Outgoing chairman Javed Shroff, who spent four months on the post, has called the move a political vendetta and claimed that it would hurt the interest of the Muslim community.
Apart from Shroff, 10 directors of the board have been removed too.
The MAMFDC was set up in 2000 to provide term loans to weaker sections of the minority community. The corpus of the board stands at Rs 175 crore but there had been widespread complaints over the delay and selection of people for allotment of funds. Its managing director is a government employee, while the board of directors are political appointees.
When the BJP came to power, it was the first time in the history of the state that the minority development department, which monitors and controls the board, had a non-Muslim minister in Eknath Khadse. Soon after taking over, Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis had said his government would not shut down or tamper with institutions working in the field of minority development.
Shroff, who got to know about the state government’s decision on Thursday, claimed that their removal smacked of political vendetta and would hurt the development of the Muslim community.
“I had met the minority development minister a month back and was willing to resign. He, however, asked me to continue. Suddenly, I have come to know that the entire board is being dissolved. No replacement has been announced. All this suggests that this is a political vendetta and this decision will hurt the growth of the Muslim community,” said Shroff, who was appointed in July.
There are various other boards in the state that look into minority issues. These include Maharashtra State Haj Committee, Maharashtra State Wakf Board and the Maharashtra State Urdu Academy. Members of these committees now fear that they would be asked to go as well.
Khadse was not available for comment.
A senior state government official, however, said: “It is a normal practice of revamping boards when new governments come in. It should not be seen as an attempt to target a minority community institution.”

Psychological & perceptual change: Propsychological & perceptual change: pro
Rolling Stones retracted story hurts rape victims and journalistsBy Diana Reese December 5 Follow @dianareese
Audience members hold signs during a board of visitors meeting about sexual assault at the University of Virginia on Nov. 25 in Charlottsville, Va. (Ryan M. Kelly/The Daily Progress via AP)
I don’t know now whether “Jackie,” the young woman profiled in “A Rape on Campus,” was actually gang raped at a University of Virginia fraternity party.
But I fear that the credibility of not only rape victims, but also of journalists reporting on campus sexual assault, has been damaged with that story, retracted by Rolling Stone managing editor Will Dana. On Friday, he  wrote : “In the face of new information, there now appear to be discrepancies in Jackie’s account, and we have come to the conclusion that our trust in her was misplaced.”
Why didn’t Rolling Stone insist on additional reporting from journalist Sabrina Rubin Erdely, and why didn’t editors do the fact-checking such a story not only deserves but requires?
What about the public’s trust in journalism? Social media is lit up with comments defending Jackie, while others attack her and all women who “cry rape,” as some of these commenters put it.
I am sad and I am angry, because the furor draws attention away from campus sexual assault, a subject I’ve written on extensively, following the work of Sen. Claire McCaskill , and the tragic suicides of  high school girls such as  Rehtaeh Parsons  and Audrie Pott .
Many of us believe that campus sexual assault is a very real problem, and Erdely wanted to prove it. I can understand that desire to convince the public.
Earlier this year, I was contacted by a grad student at a prestigious West Coast university. She had been raped in her dorm room by a fellow student, she told me, and she included photos of her bruises and other injuries. She sent me a detailed, multipage, first-person account, the police report and names of legal professors who were fighting for her case.
Yet the prosecuting attorney declined to press charges. School officials, at least, had worked out schedules and even walking routes across campus so that she would never have to see the man who had allegedly assaulted her.
I could have written one hell of a story. It would have made compelling copy, a dramatic piece that you couldn’t put down until you’d reached the end.
But I didn’t know if I could prove that it was true. It would have required extensive reporting, something more appropriate for an in-depth investigative piece.
The young woman was willing to go public with her name. She wanted some sort of justice for whatever had happened, and I felt sorry for her. She’d taken an academic leave of absence and didn’t know whether she would return to school.
But the problem of rape on our college campuses is too serious and too real to risk diverting attention with any potentially false accusation or even with detailing a case that cannot stand up to scrutiny. How many times have I heard people invoke “Duke lacrosse team” whenever rape is mentioned?
The very nature of the crime of rape makes it difficult to prove. It often goes unreported because women don’t want to go through the aftermath of reporting the crime, whether it’s to unfeeling police interrogating the victim, or a cross-examination in a courtroom if the case actually goes that far. Women risk becoming social pariahs on campus, especially if the alleged perpetrator is a popular athlete.
I have no doubt that rape happens to high school girls and to college students. My best friend’s daughter was raped at a party by hockey players and then shamed in high school by those who decided that she had been “asking for it.” Two suicide attempts and six years later, she’s still struggling with PTSD and other mental health problems triggered by that night. I’ve known this young woman since she was 7 and I’m convinced that she’s telling the truth — but that isn’t enough for me to write a feature-length piece about her in the pages of Rolling Stone or The Washington Post.
What I write here is commentary, although I fact-check and report as much as possible to provide a foundation of truth. We have to have the highest standards possible in our profession, despite the proliferation of the ever-hungry 24-hour news cycle and despite the unrelenting competition to grab readers’ attention.
At the end of the day, we have to tell the truth, a truth that we can prove, not just a truth that we may personally believe in our gut. Because sharing the truth about what goes on at our nation’s colleges is the only way we’re going to get the changes made in policies and attitudes to protect both our young women and our young men.
Diana Reese is a journalist in Overland Park, Kan. Follow her on Twitter at @dianareese .

Watch as Twitter shifts from #BlackLivesMatter to #ICantBreathe and back againBy Nancy Scola December 5 Follow @nancyscola
Demonstrators take part in a protest in Foley Square on Dec. 4 in New York City after yesterday's decision by a Staten Island grand jury not to indict a police officer who used a chokehold in the death of Eric Garner in July. (Kena Betancur/Getty Images)
Twitter has released a map showing the spread over the past week and a half of hashtags related to the deaths of two African American men at the hands of police officers, one in Ferguson, Mo., and the other in Staten Island, N.Y. With the caveat that in some ways the visualization is simply a density map of the Twitter-using population, it offers insight into how complementary hashtags are used to rally around specific but related events.
The visualization starts Nov. 24, the day on which a Missouri prosecutor will later announce the results of a grand jury decision on whether to indict then-officer Darren Wilson in the shooting death of 18-year-old Michael Brown. The announcement came at night, but the daylight hours lit up with the spread of the hashtag #BlackLivesMatter. After late word came that the grand jury had chosen not to pursue charges against Wilson, that hashtag explodes. It returns to a simmer in the days that followed.
Curiously, it isn't until Dec. 1 that #HandsUpDontShoot — a reference to the idea that Brown could have had his arms raised during at least part of the shooting — picks up considerable steam.
(Twitter previously published a map showing references to Ferguson in the wake of Brown's Aug.  9 death.)
And then on Dec. 3, 2014, a grand jury in Staten Island chose not to indict Daniel Pantaleo, a police officer, in the death of Eric Garner. The map explodes with tweets tagged #ICantBreathe, a nod to what Garner repeatedly told police officers after he was wrestled to the ground. Soon after, #BlackLivesMatter reignites and spreads across the globe.
Hashtags, the map shows, are persistent, flexible things. #BlackLivesMatter is serving as sort of a catch-all for the bigger idea at work that users are going back to again and again, with more tailored tags emerging as a way of tying each incident into that broader, ongoing, powerful conversation.
Nancy Scola is a reporter who covers the intersections of technology and public policy, politics, and governance.

General Motors to offer discounts on carsGeneral Motors to offer discounts on cars
Mahindra expects NEMMP 2020 will change the scenario of electric vehicleMahindra expects NEMMP 2020 will change the scenario of electric vehicle
Markets shifting gears  so buckle up0
Rising interest rates can take the wind out of the economy's sails because individuals and businesses must pay more to borrow money. As global economic news has remained weak since Bullard's comments, economists have been changing expectations for rising interest rates. Rather than the summer of 2015, some now predict that the Fed may wait until 2016 to raise rates. Investors read low rates as a signal to buy stocks, and they will be listening carefully for hints on rates Wednesday when the Federal Open Market Committee concludes its meeting.
Beyond the U.S. Fed, investors also have been soothed by the end of "stress tests" done on European banks by the European Central Bank. Given massive debt problems in Europe, the results of those tests, released last weekend, were intended to make investors more confident about the financial strength of European banks and to prompt banks to do more lending than they've been willing to do.
While some analysts remain skeptical that the tests truly reflected the health of many of Europe's most financially troubled banks, "the very fact that the exercise is behind us is a big positive," said Merrill Lynch's global bond team in a report this week. "We have removed the sword of Damocles from over the heads of the European banks," they said, although they note stock and bond markets could be upset in the future if it becomes apparent that banks still have serious financial problems.
In the near term, S&P's Stovall expects the stock market to enjoy the type of surge that often comes this time of year.
"Don't be surprised if the S&P 500 starts setting new all-time highs by Thanksgiving," he said. He notes that the period of November through April typically is the strongest period of the year, with the stock market climbing 7 percent on average.
In addition, after November midterm elections, the stock market climbs 94 percent of the time and averages a 15.3 percent jump, Stovall said.
Charles Schwab strategist Liz Ann Sonders thinks the downturn is over for now, but she adds that investors should be ready for more "bouts of what we went though."
She thinks investors could be spooked by geopolitical events as well as expectations about what the Federal Reserve will do with interest rates. But she said individuals don't need to be alarmed because the bull market remains intact.

Self-help guru Tony Robbins tackles financial advice0
Using his connections, Robbins spent four years researching, assembling and interviewing a who's who of financial gurus, looking to find the specific strategies that make and keep the wealthy insulated, in good economic times and bad. The result is a 600-page tome featuring the advice of Warren Buffett, Carl Icahn, Vanguard founder John Bogle, and other lesser-known but no less successful investors, with a healthy dose of aphorisms and encouragement from Robbins sprinkled throughout. The title promises "7 simple steps to financial freedom," with endorsements ranging from hedge fund titan Ray Dalio to pop star Usher.
Core strategies include buying index funds instead of actively managed mutual funds, proper asset allocation and minimizing risk.
Robbins, who lives in Palm Beach, Fla., was in Chicago last week with a prodigious entourage to promote his new book. The Tribune sat down with Robbins for an interview. What follows is an edited transcript.
Q: Did Warren Buffett offer any good stock tips?
A: His whole philosophy at this stage is buy the index. When he passes away, 90 percent of his money is going to go straight into the index. That made (Vanguard founder and retired CEO) John Bogle pretty happy. The scary truth is 96 percent of mutual funds fail to match the market, and the 4 percent that do, they're always changing. Everybody has a different strategy, but everybody agrees that active management does not beat the market.
Q: Isn't buying index funds common-sense advice?
A: Common sense is not too common. There's $13 trillion in actively managed mutual funds. Vanguard has grown to be the largest mutual fund in the world today, but that's where the smart money is and, unfortunately, that's not where most money is.
Q: Who is the book aimed at?
A: The book is designed for a kid just getting out of college, a millennial that has got all this debt and doesn't think they'll ever get out of it. It's designed for a soccer mom saying, "How do I manage my life when I've got five jobs including all my children?" It's for a baby boomer who's behind and wants to turn it around. And the book goes from the most basic to the most advanced — the stuff that Ray Dalio's doing, 99 percent of financial planners won't understand.
Q: Did you find a common thread among these billionaire investors?
A: They know they're going to be wrong, so they have a plan to protect against wrong. The average American thinks they're going to be right based on some talking head. They invest and they have no backup plan.  Americans think these guys are giant risk-takers. The truth is they believe in taking as little risk as humanly possible, for the maximum amount of upside. They're looking for that spread of disproportionate risk-reward.
Q: The book says that people's greatest fear is outliving their money. Other than getting very wealthy or working until the end, how can people plan to have money throughout their lives?
A: This is probably the No. 1 conundrum of financial planning today, because people are living longer. The best tool today is longevity insurance — they call it income insurance. Most people know the value of life insurance. But what if you live? So instead of trying to guess one or the other, you plan for those 20 years and you get this income insurance. If you live beyond 85, you have money that's guaranteed for as long as you live in the form of an annuity.
Q: The book is more than 600 pages, and incorporates the advice of dozens of investment gurus. If you had to winnow it down to one sentence, what would it be?
A: The difference between success and failure is not which stock you buy or which piece of real estate you buy, it's asset allocation.
Q: You built your brand through infomercials. Is there a "Money: Master the Game" infomercial in the pipeline?
A: No, I don't do infomercials anymore. There's so much crap on there, which is one reason I probably stopped. In the beginning, I didn't have any other distribution channel.
Q: Why should people take financial advice from Tony Robbins?
A: This book is not my book. I've curated the answers from the very best — people who have made money in good times and bad — and I got access to people nobody did before. The only things that are from me are my opinions around the emotional side of things, because that's been my expertise for 37 years. You can learn all this stuff, but if you don't manage your emotions, you're not going to follow through, you're not going to do any of it.

I Built a Business That People Told Me Not to Buildreddit
A few years back, I was Director of Finance for a nonprofit in Chicago, and it was frustrating to watch that group plan their very first fundraiser. I was also involved with planning the fundraisers and I found there was a lack of resources to help me through the process.  But the real problem was the booking problem. I've always had the entrepreneurial spirit but when I discovered the inefficiencies in the event booking process, from inquiry to actual event, I was inspired to bring a product to the world that would make people's lives easier.
From finding the right venue space to confirming with the venue coordinators if the venue was available and within budget,  the average time spent finding a venue was typically five to seven days! I knew there had to be a better, more efficient way. When I first had my vision to build VenueBook, many thought I was crazy. I was told not to take the harder path. Regardless of everyone else's advice on how to build, and how hard it would be, I was inspired to flip the market on its head and digitize the venues' booking process first. I chose to build an impactful event booking solution that reduced many of the event planning frustrations -- one that was a booking platform, digital and in real-time, starting with the venues.
A Real Market Need
I saw a real market need for a resource that went beyond event listing sites. I was passionate about customizing the venue searching process to make it easier for the organizer to communicate exactly what they were looking for to the venues that match their criteria, and the venues to effortlessly find and book business. VenueBook is the software solution for our venues, so the experience for our event planners is equally efficient.
Growing With Our Biggest Customers
Regardless of how brilliant of an idea you may have you need to be prepared for the negativity you'll hear when others try and tell you how to build, or what not to build. I steered in the direction of building a product that was continuously verified with who our biggest customers will be -- so we can grow with them while satisfying a real need in this new market that's being created. My advice for all business owners is to talk to your future customers and talk to them often about how your product can make their lives easier.
At the end of the day, you need to grow your business FOR your biggest potential customers because if no one wants your product, you are left without a business.
- Kelsey Recht, CEO and Founder, VenueBook
For more information, follow me on Twitter (@KelseyRecht). Or, follow VenueBook (@VenueBook) or visit www.venuebook.com
Follow Kelsey Recht on Twitter: www.twitter.com/kelseyrecht
More:

The Squeeze of the Middle Classreddit
A very timely article in the Wall Street Journal covers a topic we have addressed frequently over the past several years -- the squeeze of the middle class.  The article, entitled " Basic Costs Squeeze Families ," by Ryan Knutson and Theo Francis, discusses the double-whammy of stagnating incomes and rising costs for necessities that is confronting middle-class Americans.  While this long-standing trend should come as no surprise to anyone, the article does offer some new data that may be a bit surprising.  In light of the lackluster retail sales over the all-important Thanksgiving weekend, we thought we would take this opportunity to revisit the middle-class dilemma.
 
The authors studied Labor Department data on incomes and spending for "the middle 60% of the population by income - households earning between about $18,000 and $95,000 a year, before taxes."  This was a quick and dirty way to capture the "middle class."  The period studied was the six years from 2007 through 2013, or from the beginning of the "Great Recession" until the last year for which we have data.  We suspect that adding 2014 data over the next few months will not change the results all that dramatically.
 
The first thing to note about the analysis is that "overall spending for the group rose by about 2.3%...even as inflation totaled about 12%.  At the same time, income for the group stagnated, rising less than half a percent."  I found it surprising that spending outpaced income for the group during a time when the savings rate increased materially.  But remember, the authors are only studying a segment of the population.  Wealthy Americans, for whom incomes and spending have grown at a much faster pace, were not included in the analysis.  Secondly, and perhaps even more surprising, is that spending by the group did not even keep up with inflation!  How can economists say the recovery has firmly taken root when spending by this huge segment of the population is not even growing with inflation?
 
On the expense side of the ledger, it is easy to see that middle-class consumers have had little room for discretion.  Health care spending rose 24.2%, housing expenses (rent) grew 26.0%, education expenses rose 22.9%, and "food at home" rose 12.5%.  Perhaps more surprising, the article breaks out expenditures for both cellular phones, which grew 49.1% over the period studied, and home internet, which grew a whopping 81.3%!  While cell phones and home internet cannot be deemed necessities in the truest sense of the word, they do represent things that consumers are highly dependent upon and therefore are not likely to give up easily.  At the same time, expenses that can be deemed truly discretionary, like clothing, furniture and entertainment, have suffered dramatic declines.  In other words, middle class Americans had to tighten the purse strings not only during the recession, but for the full duration of the recovery thus far!     
We have argued repeatedly that the Fed must recognize that the vast majority of middle-class Americans are not benefiting much from the economic recovery.  The median household income in 2013 was only slightly above that reported for 1995 (after adjusting for inflation), while costs for necessities like housing (rent), health care, and education are making it much more difficult for middle-class folks to get by.  We have said that the Fed's traditional gauges of inflation are flawed because they do not consider the fact that costs for basic necessities have risen at a much faster rate than the cost of more discretionary goods and services.  And finally, we believe that the surge in asset prices (stocks, bonds, housing) represents a very real source of inflation for those of us who would like to retire some day.  The rationale is that investing at much higher valuations today will result in lower expected returns in the future.  Given the fact that the vast majority of us have not saved enough for retirement, lower expected returns will create an additional financial burden.
 
We think the Fed's lengthy Quantitative Easing program was misguided and short-sited.  The resulting financial dislocations and distortions are likely to be felt long into the future.  If I were to articulate one message to Janet Yellen it would be that higher stock prices are not an unambiguous positive.  Surging stock prices do represent a very real cost (and source of "inflation") as they raise the cost of saving for retirement.  Perhaps the Fed has finally gotten the message, but it may be too late.
Follow Michael Farr on Twitter: www.twitter.com/Michael_K_Farr
More:
Investing Investment Investors Bonds Treasury Bonds Municipal Bonds The Fed Federal Budget 2014 Fed Vix State of the Union Republicans Democrats Quantitative Easing Tapering Fed Taper Fed Tapering Unemployment Unemployment Labor Market Congress Stock Market Private Equity Equity Sotu 2014 Barack Obama Stimulus Package Economic Recovery Economics Politics Business News Business Careers
This Blogger's Books and Other Items from...

The 8 Biggest Misconceptions About Paying and Refinancing Your Student Loansreddit
Student loans can be a minefield. Many graduates put off refinancing their student loans simply because they don't understand the process.  We launched Credible (a marketplace for student loan refinancing) because we witnessed our friends' and colleagues' frustrations about their student loans and lack of knowledge about options that exist to reduce their interest rate and repayments.
Here are the eight biggest misconceptions we hear about student loan refinancing.
1. You are stuck with your loans when you graduate
You're not necessarily stuck with your current loans forever. Many graduates refinance their federal and private student loans after graduation, or a few years into their career, once they have built a credit history. They do this because under certain circumstances, refinancing can result in lower interest rates, lower monthly repayments and significant savings. If you have a credit score of 640 or higher, you are potentially eligible to reduce your monthly repayments after you graduate.
2. Every lender offers similar rates
Nope. Depending on the lender, interest rates on student loan refinancing products can range from under 2.5% to well over 8.0%. Lenders offer products based on a graduate's personal situation - eligibility criteria usually depends on school, income, credit score and debt balance.
3. Refinancing at a lower rate will result in higher monthly repayments
This isn't true. In fact, we find that most people who refinance their student loans end up with lower monthly repayments, a lower interest rate (or APR), and a lower total repayment amount.
4. You can only refinance your student loans once
Borrowers can refinance as many times as they want. As your income or credit improves, you may become eligible for lower rates than those received in your last refinancing.  As a result, it may make sense to explore refinancing at multiple points in your career.
5. Increasing the term of your loan always results in paying more interest
Not necessarily.  Increasing the term of your loan may still result in less overall interest if you are able to decrease your rate. There are also no prepayment penalties.  That means borrowers can take advantage of lower rates on longer term loans but pay them off as quickly as they are financially able with more frequent or larger monthly payments.  The benefit of this approach is that borrowers can still maintain the flexibility to make the lower monthly payments of a longer term loan should new financial pressures arise.
6. You have to refinance ALL of your student loans
It is up to you to refinance whichever student loans you choose. At Credible , we regularly see graduates request refinancing for only their higher interest rate loans. Borrowers choose this option because refinancing the highest interest rate loans and leaving the lowest interest rate loans alone can sometimes be the best way to maximize total savings.
7. Shopping around for the best rate will hurt your credit profile
This is simply not the case. The credit bureaus treat "rate shopping" as a single credit pull. According to leading credit score calculator FICO :
In general, student loan shopping  inquiries made during a focused time period (for example 30 days) will have little to no impact on your score
8. Consolidation and refinancing are the same thing
Student loan consolidation and student loan refinancing are two different things. Consolidation without refinancing generally means combining your existing loan payments into a single, weighted average payment. Refinancing your student loans though is the process of having a lender pay off all or some of your old student loans in exchange for a single, new loan from that new lender.
Close
States With Highest Average Student Debt - TICAS - Class Of 2012
of

NASA:  There s Your New Spacecraft  America!"It has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

S&P cuts Italy sovereign rating to BBB-BBB-
(S&P forecast that Italian…)
ROME:Standard & Poor's on Friday downgraded Italy's credit rating one notch and slashed its forecast for the country's economic growth next year.
The New York-based agency cut its rating on Italy's debt to ``BBB-.'' That's its lowest investment-grade rating and one notch above ``junk'' status.
S&P said it expects that the Italian economy will emerge from recession early next year. But the agency now predicts Italy's economy will grow only 0.2 percent in 2015, down from its previous forecast of 1.1 percent for the year.
Italy's weak economy and the country's eroding competitiveness are undermining its ability to sustain its public debt, S&P said in a note outlining its reasons for the downgrade.
``Our forecast also reflects our view of Italy's weak domestic fundamentals, including its difficult business environment and competitiveness challenges,'' the agency said.
Italy's economy has been struggling amid a broad economic slump in Europe, weighed by record-high unemployment and growing government debt. The economy contracted 0.1 percent in the third quarter, bucking a mild European Union trend of growth seen even in economically battered Greece.
Looking further out, S&P predicts Italy's economy will grow between 0.5 percent and 1.2 percent from 2014 through 2017. That's slower than Italian government forecasts ranging from 0.7 percent to 1.9 percent growth in the same period.
One key impediment to growth is Italy's unemployment rate, which is above 12 percent. That's helped constrain private-sector spending and contributed to subdued investment activity _ trends S&P anticipates will continue.
Italy's prime minister, Matteo Renzi , is pushing legislation to make it easier to fire workers and reduce employers' incentive to hire temporary workers. The plan, dubbed the Jobs Act, is meant to help encourage business to hire at a time when youth unemployment in Italy skyrocketed to 43.3 percent as of October.
The proposed legislation is opposed by labor unions, some of which have staged protest marches and called for a nationwide strike. Should it become law, S&P believes it could help stem job losses in the near-term and eventually help add jobs.
``Although we think the announced reform measures in a wide range of policy areas will ultimately help strengthen the economic fundamentals and resilience of the Italian economy, these benefits will likely not be felt in the near term,'' S&P said. ``In fact, the persistently weak economic conditions could raise fiscal risks before the growth-enhancing structural reforms take root.''
FEATURED ARTICLES

Against Chinas pun controlBy Alexandra Petri December 5 Follow @petridishes
A loaded pun can be deadly.
And now, in China, the State Administration for Press, Publication, Radio, Film and Television is cracking down . “Radio and television authorities at all levels must tighten up their regulations and crack down on the irregular and inaccurate use of the Chinese language, especially the misuse of idioms,” it said in a press release.
First a one-child policy, and now you can only make single entendres. This wisecrack-down must not stand.
The path of history is paved with terrible puns, both real and apocryphal. Jesus makes lots of them in the Bible, even though they made people a little cross with him. “Now, you are fishermen,” he told a disciple. “But I will make you fishers OF men.”
“Not Angles, but angels! (Non angli, sed angeli),” punned Pope Gregory I, hilariously, on seeing a native Angle for the first time.
Puns can reinforce authority – “The peasants are revolting.” “Yes, aren’t they?” – or undermine it, as they’ve been doing in China lately, where, in a play on words, the benevolent era of “Daddy Xi” and “Mama Peng” has been transformed into the homophone “marijuana era.”
Name a historical figure, and you can find a pun he made. Napoleon made puns. The night before he was scheduled to take the city of Milan someone said, “Hey, you look pretty young!” and he replied, “Yes, but tomorrow I shall have MILAN!” (This is only a pun if you speak French. Then this sounds like “tomorrow I will be ONE THOUSAND YEARS OLD.” Look, I did not say they were good puns.)
State-controlled media, not to be confused with state-controlled meteor, which is what conspiracy theorists believe killed the dinosaurs, are justly frightened of this wordplay.
Puns traditionally abound in moments of turmoil and fusion, when people are struggling to assimilate to new ideas. And that can be dangerous. Everything is a pun. Company names. Headlines. How you can expect to live in a world of news when puns are verboten (and nounoten too, probably) is beyond me.
The pun is mightier than the sword. These are our weapun of choice in every word war.
Author and punster John Pollack told the Wall Street Journal that puns “tend to thrive in times when there’s a lot of mixing going on of people and ideas.”
We are dwelling in a great time for puns — or a time to dwell on grating puns, depending — and if you don’t believe me, just visit Twitter.
Furthermore, I don’t understand how the State Administration expects news to survive without puns. You can’t have a headline without a pun. You can’t even take punitive measures without pun. This censorship is just one of the many red flags of communism! (This is less a pun than the figurative use of a literal statement, but I feel like it would earn me a citation regardless.)
This is personal. I speak as a reigning international pun champion, winner of Punniest in Show at the 2014 O. Henry Pun-Off and an active member of the pun community. (Being an active member of the pun community means that you frequently get e-mails that say things like “Red-E two whirred play? Jeers, Gary” and, furthermore, that you are actively delighted to receive these e-mails.) And I would like, someday, to visit China, but now I can’t — I could not go that long without making a pun.
And no one should have to.
This is not just for me. It’s on principle. Puns have groan so much. Without puns, language languishes. Life without puns is, like this sentence, a horrible sentence.
I believe that puns should be available to everyone, unrestricted. We should start a Pun Rights association. Everyone deserves tickets to the pun show. Here in America, our right to carry puns with us to school and work and wave them around openly in Starbucks is protected by the first Amendment.
We have to stand up to this. So don’t be pun shy.
Man the puns! Load your metaphors! Deploy your figures of speech! We must sink this censorship!
It’s not just pun and games.
Alexandra Petri writes the ComPost blog, offering a lighter take on the news and opinions of the day.

Rolling Stone needs to come clean about its campus rape storyBy Alyssa Rosenberg December 5 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
After days of questions, Rolling Stone has finally answered the two big questions asked of its blockbuster story about sexual assault at the University of Virginia : Did reporter Sabrina Rubin Erdely try to contact the students who were accused of gang-raping Jackie, a student whose shocking story anchored the piece? And if not, why not?
Protestors carry signs and chant slogans in front of the Phi Kappa Psi fraternity house at the University of Virginia late Saturday night, Nov. 22, 2014, in Charlottesville, Va. (AP Photo/The Daily Progress, Ryan M. Kelly)
In a statement that clarifies the conflicting accounts Erdely and her editor have given to numerous publications , editor Will Dana explains that:
Because of the sensitive nature of Jackie’s story, we decided to honor her request not to contact the man she claimed orchestrated the attack on her nor any of the men she claimed participated in the attack for fear of retaliation against her. In the months Erdely spent reporting the story, Jackie neither said nor did anything that made Erdely, or Rolling Stone’s editors and fact-checkers, question Jackie’s credibility. Her friends and rape activists on campus strongly supported Jackie’s account. She had spoken of the assault in campus forums. We reached out to both the local branch and the national leadership of the fraternity where Jackie said she was attacked. They responded that they couldn’t confirm or deny her story but had concerns about the evidence.
Dana also explains that, “In the face of new information, there now appear to be discrepancies in Jackie’s account, and we have come to the conclusion that our trust in her was misplaced.”
Washington Post reporters also published a story  that attempted to verify Erdely’s reporting, and to contact the man Jackie identified as her date on the night she said she was assaulted.
Among other details, The Post reports:
Overwhelmed from sitting through interviews with the writer, Jackie said she asked Erdely to be taken out of the article. She said Erdely refused and Jackie was told that the article would go forward regardless. Jackie said she finally relented and agreed to participate on the condition that she be able to fact-check her parts in the story, which she said Erdely accepted. Erdely said in an e-mail message that she was not immediately available to comment Friday morning.
This catastrophe for journalism — and for a conversation about sexual assault on college campuses that remains of critical importance — is in part of Rolling Stone’s own making.
I would not have made the agreement with Jackie that Erdely and her editors struck. But having done so, Rolling Stone ought to have been clear about their agreement with Jackie in the initial article, and explained in a clear and forthright way the efforts they made to speak with the fraternity. These details might have affected how credible some readers found Jackie’s account, but they would also have added context to her fears of retaliation and her sense of the campus climate.
Rolling Stone has published a note to readers apologizing for an article about an alleged U-Va. sexual assault, saying new information shows discrepancies in the victim's story. (Reuters)
Rolling Stone interviewed Emily Renda, another University of Virginia student who says she is a survivor of sexual assault, who is active in campus anti-rape advocacy, and who was also a target of the same retaliation that Jackie experienced. Erdely also spoke with Stacy, another student who reported being abused and successfully pursued a misconduct complaint through the UVA disciplinary process. So why did Erdely and Rolling Stone choose Jackie as the main character in “A Rape on Campus,” even though they had to agree not to contact the men she was accusing, and especially after she tried to withdraw her participation?
Was it that Jackie’s story was not simply an account of sexual assault, but a gang-rape, an attention-grabbing atrocity that seemed like it might generate more heat on the issue? Was it an opportunity to indict the institutional culture of fraternities by describing an assault that did not merely happen at a Phi Kappa Psi party, but that was presented as part of an initiation ritual? Whatever the choices Rolling Stone made in reporting and editing “A Rape on Campus,” the magazine would do itself and the effort to end sexual assault on campus a favor by publishing a full autopsy of its choices.
 

GSAT-16 launch deferred again due to bad wea..."GSAT-16 launch rescheduled on early morning of December 6, 2014 at 02:09 hrs (IST) is postponed due to inclement weather conditions at French Guiana," ISRO said on its website.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BENGALURU: Hit by inclement weather, the launch of India's latest communication satellite GSAT-16 was deferred for the second time after it was rescheduled to be put into space in the early hours tomorrow by Ariane 5 rocket from the space port of Kourou in French Guiana.
After the satellite launch originally scheduled for today was put off, Indian Space Research Organisation had announced that the lift-off would be at 02.09 AM (IST) on Saturday but within hours said it had been postponed again, citing the inclement weather at the launch base.
Ariane 5 VA221 is to place in orbit GSAT-16 which is designed to augment the national space capacity in communication services, along with DIRECTV-14, built by SSL (Space Systems/Loral) for operator DIRECTV to provide direct-to-home television broadcasts across the US.
"GSAT-16 launch rescheduled on early morning of December 6, 2014 at 02:09 hrs (IST) is postponed due to inclement weather conditions at French Guiana ," ISRO said on its website.
ISRO had announced last night that due to bad weather, the launch of GSAT-16 on board Ariane 5 VA221 which was scheduled for 02.08 am today (IST) had been deferred to a later date.
Arianespace said "Due to the unfavourable weather conditions (high altitude winds) over the launch pad in Kourou, it was decided to postpone the launch of Arianespace Flight 221.
"Another launch date will be decided depending on the evolution of the weather conditions in Kourou," the launch agency said in a post on its website.
With a lift-off mass of 3,181 kg, GSAT-16 is configured to carry a total of 48 communication transponders, the largest by a communication satellite developed by the ISRO so far.
Facing capacity crunch, ISRO has leased 95 transponders on foreign satellites mainly for private TV broadcasters's use.
The satellite will boost public and private TV and radio services, large-scale Internet and telephone operations.
GSAT-16, which would replace INSAT-3E , decommissioned prematurely in April, has a designated on orbit operational life of 12 years. It will be the 18th satellite to be launched by Arianespace for ISRO.
The satellite will also boost public and private TV and radio services, large-scale Internet and telephone operations, as it improves the national space capacity with the 48 transponders joining 180 odd existing transponders with ISRO.
India's rockets PSLV and the present GSLV do not have the capability to launch satellites of more than two tonne class, prompting ISRO to opt for an outside launch.
ISRO is developing the next big launcher, GSLV-MkIII , which can put satellites of up to 4 tonnes in orbit.

US consumer debt rises $13.2 billion in OctoberUS consumer debt rises $13.2 billion in October
AP Dec 6, 2014, 01.41AM IST
Tags:
Credit card
WASHINGTON: US consumers increased their borrowing in October but at a slightly slower pace than in the previous month as credit card use slowed.
The Federal Reserve says overall borrowing rose $13.2 billion following a $15.4 billion gain in September. The gains have pushed consumer debt excluding real estate loans to a record level of $3.28 trillion.
The category that includes credit card debt edged up by $922 million after a rise of $1.4 billion in September. The category that covers auto loans and student loans jumped by $12.3 billion after a $14 billion increase in September.
Economists expect that the strong gains in employment seen this year may make consumers more comfortable about increasing their use of credit cards, something they cut back on sharply following the Great Recession.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Hiring This Year Has Ranged Across Many IndustriesIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

How small ecomm cos are muted by bigger pla...Amazon
(Co-founder of distressed…)
Hyderabad | New Delhi: Even as market leaders march on, several smaller online retail ventures are forced to down shutters or tweak their business models as fierce competition breaks out in India's booming online retail industry. Investors are advising young entrepreneurs to avoid cash burning in e-retail businesses which can't even remotely compete with giant e-commerce firms in saturated areas like fashion or electronics.
This year, fashion e-commerce Yebhi changed its business model, online merchandise portal BlueGape closed its store, while e-shopping platform KoolKart shut down.
Co-founder of distressed fashion portal DoneByNone quit recently. Online toy store Wopshop, jewellery e-tailer 21Diamonds and electronics e-tailer Timtara also shut shop.
"Unless there's a differentiator, there's no point starting another etailing business," said Blue-Cape cofounder Sahil Baghla. BlueGape downed shutters this month. "We did not focus on the key metric which was to gain our own user base and relied on other sites to make quick money," said Baghla, whose company raised Rs 1.5 crore in angel funding through LetsVenture last year. He plans to re-launch the business month.
Ecommerce companies shutting shop within 2-3 years of operations have realised that they can't match expectations of Indian users on prices or service like billion-dollar players can. "The horizontal ecommerce space is a tough one to invest now. Most VC investors are not forthcoming to ideas and businesses seeking funding in this space or in areas such as fashion or electronics e-commerce," said Rajesh Raju , MD at VC firm Kalaari Capital, an investor in horizontal players such as Seventymm and Indiaplaza which closed shop last year.
"We believe that the next wave of growth in e-commerce will be through vertical-focused players such as Zivame, Urban Ladder and BlueStone, which are trying to solve tough supply chain problems," added Raju. While the big guns such as Flipkart , Snapdeal and Amazon are expanding their offices, there are hundreds of cubicles which are getting vacated. The prime reason for the expanding graveyard is the cash burn which small players find it difficult to sustain.
"When we raised Series-A funding in 2011, the market was upstream. But later the mood of VCs receded. Existing investors were wary of burning more cash," said Danish Ahmed, CEO and co-founder of Yebhi, which started in 2010. This September, the e-commerce venture pivoted from being a fashion e-marketplace to a product discovery site as it could not find investors to raise another round of $40 million.
Till downing shutters on the earlier model, Yebhi had raised about $40 million (Rs 250 crores) in four rounds from investors such as Nexus Venture Partners, Qualcomm Ventures and Narayan Murthy-led Catamaran. "There is scope in the vertical e-commerce space to serve niche requirements. But these would never become billion- dollar players," said Ahmed.
Fashion retailer DonebyNone, a curated fashion e-tailer, is also in trouble with the recent exit of its co-founder Amarinder Dhariwal. Existing investor Seedfund is testing the possibility of a pivot for the venture. "As investors and co-owners of the company, we are trying to make things better. The company is operational, and the site is live, but being supported by a skeleton crew," said Mahesh Murthy, managing partner at Seedfund, an investor in DonebyNone.
Fire-sale or a marriage between two e-tailers seldom lasts. Lifestyle e-tailer UrbanTouch was shut down by Fashion and You after its acquisition last year. Costly customer acquisition is also burning pockets. "Online customers are not sticky and we realised that we would have to burn money to gain scale. Investor interest had dried up in us by 2013," said Anupam Agarwal, co-founder of e-shopping platform KoolKart, which closed last year. "Now, there is game for only niche players who can take a call to remain small yet profitable," said Agarwal who dissociated from the company in 2013.
Due to the precedent set by global players such as Amazon, the business has become extremely cash-intensive. Companies are encouraged to lose cash fast to attain scale. "A business is a business if it makes money after a few years, else it becomes a hobby. The biggest challenge in the e-commerce business remains the same since 1999 --how to make money," said K Vaitheeswa-ran, founder of the first e-commerce player IndiaPlaza, which downed shutters in 2013.
"In India, local e-commerce companies have built topline scale through deep discounting but will struggle to reach profitability," said Vaitheeswa ran, adding the problem began when he started competing with others through deep discounts. However, there is a way out for existing horizontal players. Most are surviving by selling through Flipkart, Amazon and Snapdeal. "These companies can be called the living dead. The entrepreneur may be making ends meet to keep the venture afloat but without real growth and scale, there are no buyers for such companies and thus investors shy off from investing in such deals," said Harshad Lahoti, co-founder at ah! Ventures, which also has a few e-commerce companies in its portfolio. "Now it's best advised to build only niche e-commerce businesses which can possibly be acquired. That's the only way for investor to exit in them," added Lahoti.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Latest from a BJP MP: Subsidise cowdung manure  create gobarbankWritten by Liz Mathew | New Delhi |
Posted: December 6, 2014 3:45 am
A three-time BJP MP Friday suggested that the government should provide subsidy for gobar (cowdung) manure and create a gobar bank in order to make India an organic farming hub and to protect cows from being slaughtered.
“If you can give subsidies for chemical fertilisers, why can’t you give subsidy for cowdung manure. If you subsidise cowdung manure, it will help reduce cattle slaughter. Cow slaughter will not be stopped through law,” said Virendra Singh, the MP from Bhadohi, UP, while participating in a debate on a Private Member’s Bill on implementation of the recommendations of the National Commission on Farmers. “If there is a subsidy, people will think that even if the cow stops giving milk, there is some income from it.”
Pointing out that the Ministry of Agriculture deals with many issues that come under different ministries such as power, trade, food processing, public distribution system, he also suggested that there should be a ministry which could be named as ‘Krishi and Kissan Kalyan Mantralaya’. “No other ministry has such a wide infrastructure. Why can’t there be a separate budget for agriculture?” he said.
The MP said Indian farmers had learnt how to do farming from the Vedas. “Where do you think the Indian farmers had learned that the month of Ashad (rainy season) is the time for kharif crops and Kartik (November) for rabi crops? All these were written in the Vedas and the farmers got the knowledge from it.”

To Maldives  with tonnes of water  fromIndiaWritten by Shubhajit Roy , Pranav Kulkarni | New Delhi |
Posted: December 6, 2014 3:44 am
At about 9.30pm on Thursday, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj was back at her residence after a day in Parliament when she received an urgent call from Dunya Maumoon, her counterpart in Maldives. Maumoon had an unusual request — drinking water for her island nation’s capital.
The only water desalination in Male, home to over a lakh of people, had caught fire and had to be shut down. And Maumoon had decided to turn to Swaraj with whom she had developed a good rapport — they had met just last week at the SAARC summit in Kathmandu.
Within the next 90 minutes, sources said, Swaraj had obtained the green signal from Prime Minister Narendra Modi and set in motion a rare logistical operation — involving the PMO, Cabinet Secretariat, MEA, Indian High Commissioner in Maldives Rajeev Shahare and Foreign Secretary Sujatha Singh — to ferry drinking water to Male on IAF planes and Navy ships.
According to sources, the IAF was alerted 12.48 am that night and the first transport aircraft took off from Delhi at 7.30 am on Friday. It landed in Thiruvananthapuram, picked up tonnes of water bottles, and reached Male at 1.55 pm that afternoon.
This was followed by a C- 17 aircraft that left Palam with more bottles of water at 3.30 pm, and another at 5 pm. By Friday evening, two Il-76 aircraft were lined up with the precious cargo for the four-hour trip later in the night.
In total, five sorties were flown carrying 200 tonnes of water on Friday, and another 200 tonnes of water will be flown on Saturday through five sorties.
The Navy, meanwhile, dispatched two ships – INS Sukanya and INS Deepak – to Male.
INS Sukanya, a patrol vessel that had been deployed off Kochi, was diverted to help Maldivian authorities tide over the crisis. Apart from 35 tonnes of fresh water onboard, INS Sukanya has two Reverse Osmosis (RO) plants that can produce 20 tonnes of fresh water per day.
INS Deepak, a tanker vessel, was sent from Mumbai and is scheduled to reach Maldives by Saturday night with 800 tonnes of water.
“This is a help to a friendly neighbour in its hour of need,” said an MEA spokesperson.
“Mindful of the strong, friendly and close relations between India and the Maldives, India reacted with alacrity and promptness to the request from the Maldives for timely provision of water,” the Indian High Commission in Male said.

Govt plays caste card  but without checkingfactsWritten by Abantika Ghosh | New Delhi |
Posted: December 6, 2014 3:42 am
With the opposition keeping up pressure on the issue of MoS Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti’s “ramzaadon” versus “haramzaadon” remark, the BJP seems to be playing the caste card to get the Parliamentary proceedings back on track. In the Rajya Sabha on Friday, Parliamentary Affairs Minister Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi criticised the opposition for not accepting the apologies of a Dalit woman.
Interestingly, Jyoti’s caste — Nishad/Mallah — is not included in the list of schedule castes for Uttar Pradesh, the state from which she was elected to the 16th Lok Sabha. Jyoti won from Fatehpur Lok Sabha constituency, which is in the general pool. The list for UP, available on the website of the Ministry of Social Justice and Empowerment, includes 66 castes categorised as SCs in the state. Nishads do not figure in that list. The state had in 2013 moved a proposal to include 17 new castes in the SC list, including Nishads, but that has not been notified till date. Currently, Nishads in UP are in the OBC list. The caste is not included in the SC list in Naqvi’s home state of Bihar either.
However, in Delhi, Mallahs are on the list.
On Friday, even as the deputy chairman maintained that allowing a condemnation resolution is the prerogative of the government, Naqvi sought to use the Dalit card to resolve the imbroglio. “… A Dalit woman came here, expressed her regrets, sought forgiveness. Even after that, arrogance and anarchy that is on display… the way they are stalling House proceedings… there are issues that concern the country, issues of development…”
Incidentally, the opposition joint statement on a condemnation motion on hate speeches was signed, among others, by BSP chief Mayawati, whose party has always sought to position itself as the protector of Dalit interests.
“BJP is saying that she is a Dalit woman and this is untrue. The minister neither belongs to the Dalit community, nor does she hail from scheduled caste community. She is from the backward Nishad caste,” Mayawati said. Other Dalit leaders, too, slammed the PM over his statement that Jyoti’s statement should be seen keeping her background in mind. “Maybe Naqvi was confused, maybe the caste is listed in the SC list in his own state Bihar. But I take strong objection to the PM’s statement that her background should be kept in mind. It is derogatory, an attempt to run her down. It is not in good taste, does not behove the PM of the country,” said Congress MP Kumari Selja.

Kerala Liquor Policy: Watering down will lead to electoral setback for Congress  saysChurchWritten by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram |
Posted: December 6, 2014 3:40 am
A day after Chief Minister Oommen Chandy told the Assembly that the new liquor policy would undergo necessary changes considering practical and legal aspects, Kerala Catholic Bishop Council’s Anti-Liquor Movement has warned the Congress government of electoral setback.
While addressing a meeting of the movement in Kottayam, its chairman Bishop R Inchananiyil said the shift in the liquor policy of the government forced them to believe the allegation that state Finance Minister K M Mani had accepted bribe for renewing liquor licence of hotels.
“We had not believed the allegation that Mani had taken bribe from bar hotel owners. But the government decision to bring in changes in the liquor policy makes us to believe the allegation. The government would face setback in the coming elections,’’ said the bishop.
The local body elections in Kerala is slated for next year, which would be followed by Assembly elections.
Mani, chairman of Christian-dominated regional party Kerala Congress, is a member of Catholic Church.
The Bishop is a known as a Congress sympathiser.

Orissa: Under chit fund probe heat  govt cuts shortsessionWritten by Debabrata Mohanty | Bhubaneswar |
Posted: December 6, 2014 3:37 am
With opposition Congress and BJP insisting on a discussion on chit fund scam in the Assembly for the past 14 days, the Naveen Patnaik government Friday cut short the winter session of the Assembly, at least a fortnight ahead of the schedule.
The session was adjourned sine die after Speaker adopted a motion in this regard moved by government chief whip Ananta Das.
The Assembly session has not been able to function since it started on November 20 with opposition members demanding discussion on chit fund scam. The ruling BJD members have also added to the pandemonium by raising slogans on how the central government has neglected Orissa and its people affected by cyclones Phailin and Hudhud. Since the past 13 days, the House has had hardly any meaningful sitting.
Protesting the early adjournment of the House, Congress MLAs walked out of the Assembly and sat on a dharna before the statue of Mahatma Gandhi. “The ruling party has no respect for democracy,” said Leader of Opposition Narasingha Mishra of Congress.
BJP MLAs led by their legislature party leader Basant Panda too walked out of the House after failing to draw attention of the Speaker on distress sale of paddy in western Orissa districts.
Last week, Speaker Nianjan Pujari turned down the demands for chit fund scam discussion citing an advice from advocate general S P Mishra that it cannot be done as the matter was sub judice. The Opposition was quick to attack the government and the AG, alleging that the AG had once worked as a counsel for the Seashore Group, a key player in the chit fund scam. The BJP members even gheraoed the residence of the AG in protest.
With the prospect of more and more BJD leaders getting sucked into the chit fund probe looming, government chief whip Anant Das Thursday moved a motion for reducing the sitting days of the Assembly in a calendar year.

With mouth covered  Rahul finds hisvoiceWritten by Manoj C G , Abantika Ghosh | New Delhi |
Posted: December 6, 2014 3:37 am
Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi on Friday accused the BJP government of “suppressing” the opposition’s voice in Parliament. In a rare sight, he led a joint protest by the Congress and the Trinamool Congress outside the House, but the chinks in the opposition armour came to the fore as the Left parties, wary of being seen with the TMC, backed out from the joint protest at the last minute.
The MPs of the Left parties were slated to join the protest in front of the Mahatma Gandhi statue at 10.30 am, but did not turn up. Rarely seen or heard in Parliament, Rahul, mouth covered with a black band, joined the Congress and TMC leaders for a symbolic protest which lasted hardly five minutes. He later attended the House wearing the black cloth over his mouth.
“We are not being allowed to express our views in the house. Every time we try to say something, we are being suppressed… And the basic mode in which the Government is operating is to not allow democratic process inside the House, to not let people’s expression. That is the attitude. And it is a mindset of the top leadership of the country that democratic conversation should not be allowed..We are going to fight at every inch,” Rahul said.
While the Left members did not want to be seen in Trinamool’s company outside the House, they continued to coordinate with other parties inside. The decision not to join the protest, sources said, was taken after the West Bengal CPM unit decided that it cannot be seen alongside the TMC in a hate speech protest when it is locked in its own fight in the state against Trinamool MP Tapas Paul. Paul had, during the Lok Sabha elections, allegedly threatened to rape and kill CPM supporters.
“Trinamool and the CPM cannot gel together. We are still fighting the Tapas Paul issue in court. In the 14th Lok Sabha, there was immediate action on these issues. Basically TMC and the BJP are indulging in petty politics at the cost of major national issues. TMC is using the Sadhvi issue to pinch BJP and the BJP is using Saradha to pinch TMC back. We are not a part of all this, we will take a stand inside the House against hate speech but not align with the TMC outside,” CPM MP Mohammad Salim told The Indian Express.
He added that the morning protest was an initiative of the TMC and the Congress. “Dharna was not announced in the meeting. We have participated in all other protests, including boycott in the Lok Sabha,” he said.

Govt says no to field trials of GMcropsWritten by Syed Khalique Ahmed |
Posted: December 6, 2014 3:37 am
Even as the country’s biotech regulatory authority — Genetic Engineering Appraisal Committee (GEAC) — has given its approval for experimental field trials of 12 Genetically Modified (GM) crops for generating biosafety data, the  Gujarat government has decided not to give permission to biotech companies to carry out field trials of any GM food crops.
The 12 crops for which GEAC has given its approval are rice, castor, cotton, wheat, maize, groundnut, potato, sorghum, brinjal, mustard, sugarcane and chickpea. Union Environment Minister Prakash Javdekar also supported GEAC stand in his reply to a question in the Rajya Sabha on Thursday. He took the plea that there was no scientific evidence to prove that GM crop or food had adverse impact on health of the soil, human health and environment.
But the Gujarat government has, however, so far permitted field trial for cotton only. It has refused to give permission for other crops saying that these were food crops and the state government can not take any risk involving health of the people as also environment.
Principal Secretary (Agriculture) Raj Kumar said that GEAC’s approval was conditional because agriculture is a state subject. “The field trials or commercial production can be done only after the state government gives permission,” he explained.
State Agriculture Minister Babubhai Bokhiria  told this reporter that his department had decided not to give permission for field trials of GM food crops. “I will not allow it at all,” said Bokhiria. He said that several representatives of  GM companies, local as well as multi-nationals, had approached him in the last several months explaining about the benefits of GM crops but he turned down their requests. He said that they even offered to conduct confined trials in state universities to ensure that GM crops did not contaminate the local varieties. “But I was not satisfied with their explanations,” the minister said.
Bokhiria said he had discussed the issue with the local scientists. And the overwhelming response was against GM crops.
“We want to protect the local varieties and hence, we can’t permit GM crops,” he clarified. Bharatiya Kisan Sangh (BKS) which had taken a lead in opposing introduction of GM crops during UPA government, has welcomed the state government’s decision.  BKS state secretary Manibhai Patel said that the claim of biotech scientists that GM crops were resistant to pests and insects, was wrong. He said the companies dealing in GM seeds were more interested in promotion of their businesses and they were least concerned about the health of the soil, human beings and environment.

AstraZeneca  Ranbaxy prevail in Nexium antit...You are here: Home > Collections > Verdict
AstraZeneca, Ranbaxy prevail in Nexium antitrust trial
Reuters Dec 6, 2014, 03.44AM IST
Tags:
AstraZeneca Plc
(The US Federal Trade Commission…)
A Massachusetts jury has found that an agreement between AstraZeneca Plc and Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd to delay the launch of a generic version of AstraZeneca's heartburn drug Nexium was not anticompetitive.
The verdict, handed down Friday in federal court in Boston, is the first time a jury has decided such a case since the US Supreme Court ruled last year that so-called "pay-for-delay" settlements may run afoul of antitrust laws.
The US Federal Trade Commission estimates that pay-for-delay deals, in which a branded drugmaker pays a generic rival to stay off the market, cost consumers $3.5 billion each year.
An attorney for the plaintiffs, which include drug wholesalers, retailers and insurers, could not be reached for comment. AstraZeneca and an attorney for Ranbaxy released statements saying they were pleased with the verdict.
The lawsuit, which began in 2012, challenged a 2008 settlement in a patent suit between AstraZeneca and Ranbaxy. The plaintiffs claim the settlement gave Ranbaxy nearly $1 billion to delay the launch of its generic Nexium.
The suit originally also targeted two other generic drugmakers that reached deals with AstraZeneca over Nexium, namely Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd and Dr. Reddy's Laboratories Ltd , but both settled with the plaintiffs.
Two other cases against the same four companies over the Nexium settlements are pending in Pennsylvania state court. Those cases are not affected by Friday's verdict.
Ranbaxy had planned to launch generic Nexium this year, but the FDA recently revoked its approval, citing problems with the company's manufacturing process.
The case is In re Nexium Antitrust Litigation, U.S. District Court for the District of Massachusetts, No. 12-2409.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Naidu wants AP to be among top 3 states by ...Chandrababu Naidu sets target to make Andhra Pradesh one of the top three states in India by 2019
CR Sukumar, ET Bureau Dec 6, 2014, 03.36AM IST
Tags:
Andhra Pradesh
(He plans to achieve this…)
Hyderabad: Andhra Pradesh chief minister Chandrababu Naidu, widely known for economic reforms in his earlier stint while running the undivided territory, is looking to make AP one of the top three states in India by 2019.
He plans to achieve this by aggressively pushing reforms, while simultaneously plugging gaps in populist schemes for the needy.
Interacting with the media on December 5 following his tour of Japan where he obtained assurances of help from the government, companies and funding agencies there, Naidu said a blueprint was being prepared to unleash the state's potential in natural mineral wealth.
Naidu, known to be an industry friendly politician now wants to ensure benefits of economic reforms reach the poorer sections of society, apparently having learnt his lesson from previous poll debacles.
He said the state's gross state domestic product (GSDP) is expected to nearly triple to Rs 12.75 lakh crore by 2019 from the current value of Rs 4.75 lakh crore, by reporting a better than national average growth, which is expected to touch double digits in the next few years. This will be achieved with the help of large-scale domestic and global investments in manufacturing, sea ports and airports on the back of uninterrupted power, availability of a long sea coast and big natural and mineral resources, he said.
The state on Friday announced a GSDP growth of 6.94% in the April-September period, as against the national average of 5.52%.
"We need to protect the interests of vulnerable sections of the society during the economic reforms. There was some delay on my part in ensuring this in my earlier stint. The opposition parties exploited the situation and you saw how the state subsequently suffered severe setbacks for 10 years," said Naidu.
"There is no compromise on economic reforms and creating wealth to ensure that the benefits reach the common man. I am going aggressive on reforms."
  Apart from formulating ways and means to unlock the potential of huge natural resources such as red sanders, that could fetch thousands of crores of rupees every year, Naidu said he will also tap the potential of rich mineral resources such as iron ore and bauxite. "We hope to make AP the logistics hub for the Southeast Asian economies by developing several deepwater seaports taking advantage of long sea coast."
Sticking to promises he made as an opposition leader for a decade, Naidu said, "We will not allow export of mineral resources in the raw form and will ensure significant value addition before exporting."
The AP chief minister said the government has identified several key sectors for large-scale investments and would come out with a detailed sector-specific industrial policy shortly, involving areas such as automobiles, oil and gas, petrochemicals, minerals, power generation, textiles, apparel, food processing and pharmaceuticals among others. He hopes to convince the public about the need to have large-scale industrial develpopment to support livelihoods overall economic growth.
Citing his track record of building world-class infrastructure in Hyderabad a decade ago, Naidu said he is now finalising a comprehensive development plan for the proposed greenfield capital between Vijayawada and Guntur.
"We have the vision and capability to build a better capital city than Hyderabad," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

The Week That Was: Takata recall & Sony hackedthe week that was: takata recall & sony hacked
CURRENCIES: Dollar Index Records Largest Gain In Five WeeksCURRENCIES: Dollar Index Records Largest Gain In Five Weeks
Sia Choreographer Ryan Heffington Has Created A Punk Rock Water Balletreddit
If you live in Los Angeles, you may recognize the name Ryan Heffington from his cult-followed Sweaty Sunday dance class in Silver Lake. If you are an art buff, you may know the name from his 2013 collaboration with painter Nolan Hendrickson titled KTCHN . And if you've gone on the internet in the past year, you know him as the choreographer of Sia's epic " Chandelier " video.
Now he's making a punk rock water ballet.
Image credit: Still from TEOHPC (The Elements of Human Physical Communication) by Osk Studio. Courtesy of Osk Studio and MAMA Gallery
The piece, entitled "WADING GAMES," is described as a "true danse macabre that will fascinate, delight and call into question notions of mortality and survival." And yes, it's in water. The aesthetic experience will be scored by musician BANKS, with songs specially remixed for the performance, and accompanied by video film projection entitled TEOHPC (The Elements of Human Physical Communication) by creative studio Osk . The film was made using algorithmic software, yielding a fragmented, multifaceted and raw visual experience. The piece, which was been in the works for ten years, will take place for one night only, in the pool of the Ritz Carlton South Beach on December 4, 2014. We reached out to Heffington to learn more.
What exactly is a punk rock water ballet?
An elegant dance piece whose subversive narrative explodes with cut like movements and mental turmoil. The landscape evokes danger with the possibility of death yet still upholds elegance and class.
How do the dance elements and film elements interact in the piece?
Unlike the narrative nature of the dance work, the film (directed by OSK) dives into the psyche of the lead character, explores and exploits the mental fragility in great detail. It’s much more personal. On stage you will witness how we get to understand such fragility. By interacting with other bodies, the lead character is thrown into a whimsical, untethered realm of strife and disconnect.
Image credit: Still from TEOHPC (The Elements of Human Physical Communication) by Osk Studio. Courtesy of Osk Studio and MAMA Gallery
What intrigued you about Banks' "Waiting Game"? How was the song updated for this performance?
My connection to Banks’ album ‘Goddess’ is severely emotional. There are phrases that ring in me everyday but the emotional quality of her voice is where my attraction lies. I can produce movements that parallel these levels of heartache, desire, and loneliness and these are woven to create a new narrative. Her music plays as a soundtrack to the dance work. I requested stems from her producer to intermix and rework four tracks for this piece to create the perfect tone and arc for this ballet. The warped darkness that is the music behind her voice, I mixed to repeat and repeat, allowing strictly the movement to take focus, unveiling relationships, connection or disconnect, therefore allowing the audience to attach to possibly a familiar sense of humanity.
What do you hope to communicate through the piece?
I hope to create a sense of awe in terms of connecting audience to dance as an art form. Within 11 minutes you will have the opportunity to witness the debilitating over action of the mind, so warped and deliberately narrated that one actually cares as a viewer. I’m not making a pretty aesthetically contrived piece, but a visceral journey that, if you have a heart, will cause transformation.
Ryan Heffington’s Wading Games with video installation by Osk. Hosted by Sara Von Kienegger and the Art of Elysium. Presented by Mama Gallery. Performance begins promptly at 9:30pm on Thursday, December 4, at Ritz-Carlton South Beach pool (event open from 8pm-11pm).
Also on HuffPost:

UN: Climate Change Costs to Poor UnderestimatedIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

The November Jobs Report in Picturesreddit
Today's solid jobs report highlights a continuing labor market recovery, but one in which unemployment -- especially long-term unemployment -- remains high relative to recent recoveries (see chart).  With inflation running below its 2 percent target, the Federal Reserve faces little if any danger of igniting unacceptable inflation by keeping interest rates low to encourage further job growth.
Unemployment has fallen substantially since peaking at 10 percent in October 2009.  At 5.8 percent, however, it's barely below the highest rate reached in connection with the 2001 recession.  (Each of the last three recessions has been followed by a "jobless recovery phase" in which unemployment kept rising even as the economy started growing.)  Unemployment also fell below 6 percent much sooner after the 1990-91 recession than during the current recovery, on its way down to 4 percent at the peak of the 1990s expansion.
Current estimates of an unemployment rate that's consistent with the Fed's "dual mandate" of maximum employment and stable prices cluster in the 5 to 5.5 percent range.  That's below the 6 percent that was estimated for the 1980s but above the 4 percent that was actually achieved in the 1990s.
While unemployment is edging closer to the 5 to 5.5 percent range, other labor market indicators suggest that considerable "slack" remains in the labor market (people not working but who want to be, or people who want to be working more hours than they are).  Along with abnormally low labor force participation and elevated levels of people working part time for economic reasons rather than by choice, wage growth continues to be modest relative to productivity and profits, suggesting that labor markets are not yet tight enough to give workers much bargaining power.
Long-term unemployment (27 weeks or longer) remains particularly high.  Some 31 percent of the unemployed are long-term, which is higher than at any time before the Great Recession.  While the long-term unemployed face problems from the erosion of their job skills due to prolonged unemployment, as well as hiring discrimination based on their long-term jobless status, the evidence suggests that their desire to work and efforts to find jobs aren't noticeably different from other jobseekers.
The cure for unemployment due to economic slack -- including most long-term unemployment -- is robust growth in demand for goods and services.  The Fed has a crucial role to play by keeping interest rates low until the labor market returns to normal.
About the November Jobs Report
Employers reported strong payroll job growth in November.  In the separate household survey, the unemployment rate stayed at 5.8 percent and the labor force, employment, and unemployment rates were little changed, following substantial improvements in October.
Private and government payrolls combined rose by 321,000 jobs in November and the Bureau of Labor Statistics revised job growth in the previous two months upward by a total of 44,000 jobs.  Private employers added 314,000 jobs in November, while overall government employment rose by 7,000.  Federal government employment rose by 5,000, state government rose by 3,000 and local government fell by 1,000.  So far this year, federal government employment has fallen by 17,000 while state government has risen by 16,000 and local government by 80,000.
This is the 57th straight month of private-sector job creation, with payrolls growing by 10.9 million jobs (a pace of 192,000 jobs a month) since February 2010; total nonfarm employment (private plus government jobs) has grown by 10.4 million jobs over the same period, or 182,000 a month.  Total government jobs fell by 535,000 over this period, dominated by a loss of 316,000 local government jobs.  As noted, however, local government employment has grown by 80,000 so far this year
The job losses incurred in the Great Recession have been erased.  There are now 2.1 million more jobs on private payrolls and 1.7 million more jobs on total payrolls than at the start of the recession in December 2007.  Because the working-age population has grown since then, however, the number of jobs remains well short of what is needed to restore full employment.  Employers have expanded their payrolls at a 241,000-a-month pace this year, and such growth must continue to restore normal labor market conditions in a reasonable period of time.
Average hourly earnings on nonfarm payrolls rose by 9 cents in November to24.66.  Over the last 12 months they have risen 2.1 percent.  For production and non-supervisory workers, average hourly earnings rose 4 cents to20.74, or 2.2 percent higher than a year earlier.
The unemployment rate remained 5.8 percent in November, and 9.1 million people were unemployed.  The unemployment rate was 4.9 percent for whites (0.5 percentage points higher than at the start of the recession), 11.1 percent for African Americans (2.1 percentage points higher than at the start of the recession), and 6.6 percent for Hispanics or Latinos (0.3 percentage points higher than at the start of the recession).
The recession drove many people out of the labor force, and the ongoing lack of job opportunities has kept many potential jobseekers on the sidelines and not counted in the official unemployment rate.  While the labor force and the number of people with jobs surged in October, there was little further gain in November.  The labor force grew by just 119,000 and employment by just 4,000, while the number of unemployed rose by 115,000.  These data come from a separate survey from the data on payroll employment and typically show much greater volatility month-to-month.  In October and November together, the labor force increased by 268,000 a month, employment increased by 344,000 a month, and unemployment fell by 76,000 a month.  Numbers like that going forward would be encouraging.
The labor force participation rate (the share of the population aged 16 and over in the labor force) remained 62.8 percent in November.  The sharp decline in labor force participation during the recovery appears over, but prior to recent years, the labor force participation rate hasn't been this low since the 1970s.  November's rate remains among the lowest since 1978.
The share of the population with a job, which plummeted in the recession from 62.7 percent in December 2007 to levels last seen in the mid-1980s and has remained below 60 percent since early 2009, remained 59.2 percent in November.
The Labor Department's most comprehensive alternative unemployment rate measure -- which includes people who want to work but are discouraged from looking (those marginally attached to the labor force) and people working part time because they can't find full-time jobs -- edged down to 11.4 percent in November.  That's well down from its all-time high of 17.2 percent in April 2010 (in data that go back to 1994) but still 2.6 percentage points higher than at the start of the recession.  By that measure, about 18 million people are unemployed or underemployed.
Long-term unemployment remains a significant concern.  About three in ten (30.7 percent) of the 9.1 million people who are unemployed -- 2.8 million people -- have been looking for work for 27 weeks or longer.  These long-term unemployed represent 1.8 percent of the labor force.  Before this recession, the previous highs for these statistics over the past six decades were 26.0 percent and 2.6 percent, respectively, in June 1983, early in the recovery from the 1981-82 recession.  A year after peaking at 2.6 percent, however, the long-term unemployment rate had dropped to 1.4 percent, well below the current rate.
Below are more charts that show how the new figures look in historical context.
Follow Chad Stone on Twitter: www.twitter.com/@ChadCBPP
More:

Troubled at home  RIL sets out on hunt for big oil in MexicoTroubled at home  RIL sets out on hunt for big oil in Mexico
American company Sikorsky bags contract for Navy s 16 multi-role choppersArvind Walia
(The United States' Sikorsky…)
NEW DELHI: The United States' Sikorsky has bagged a Rs 6,000-crore contract for supplying 16 multi-role helicopters to the Indian Navy , official sources said today.
Defence Ministry sources said the commercial bids were opened yesterday and since the US firm was the only left in the fray after the "partial ban" European company Finmeccanica , it emerged as the winner.
The "partial ban" was imposed on Finmeccanica, the parent company of AgustaWestland that is involved in a Rs 3,550 crore VVIP helicopter deal controversy, in August this year.
While imposing the ban on it, the Defence Acquisition Council had in August said it would not be able to take part in any future defence deals.
Finmecccanica was part of consortium European NH 90 which had made a bid for the deal.
"It was a global tender and in the end only two made the cut. But since, one firm came under a ban in another deal before the commercial bids were opened, Sikorsky has emerged as the winner," a defence source said adding this is not a single-vendor situation.
The final negotiations for Sikorsky's S-70B Seahawk will start.
Sikorsky's Regional Executive for India and South Asia, Air Vice Marshal (Retd) Arvind Walia , said he was delighted at Sikorsky's selection.
"We are looking forward to ensure that the process is fast-tracked as desired by the Ministry. We received the communication today asking us to come for contract negotiations," Walia told PTI.
The Seahawk is a naval variant of the US Army's Black Hawk UH 60 helicopter.
The Navy had floated a tender for 16 helicopters with an option for another eight in 2008.
Seahawk S-70B can be used for advanced anti-submarine and anti-surface warfare to take on underwater and over water threats.
Sources said the negotiations would be fast tracked as the helicopters are much needed for the Navy.
They added the Navy expects the first helicopter to be commissioned in three years from now.
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://usat.ly/1w5YuPDFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Dow, S&P 500 hit closing highs after jobs news
Stocks rose Friday -- with the Dow and S&P 500 notching closing highs -- after November's jobs gains blew way past estimates.
Post to Facebook
Dow, S&P 500 hit closing highs after jobs news Stocks rose Friday -- with the Dow and S&P 500 notching closing highs -- after November's jobs gains blew way past estimates. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1CMu8EX
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
75
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Dow, S&P 500 hit closing highs after jobs news
Kim Hjelmgaard and Matt Krantz , USA TODAY 4:42 p.m. EST December 5, 2014
A trader works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
(Photo: Richard Drew, AP)
711 CONNECT 198 TWEET 13 LINKEDIN 75 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Stocks rose Friday -- with the Dow and S&P 500 notching closing highs -- after November's jobs gains blew way past estimates.
Employers added 321,000 jobs in November — the largest one-month gain in more than two years, the Labor Department said. Those numbers -- which kept the jobless rate steady at 5.8% -- far exceeded most economists' expectations of 225,000 new jobs.
The Dow Jones industrial average ended up 0.3%, a gain of 59 points, to its new closing high of 17,958.79. Climbing 0.2%, or about 3 and a half points, was the S&P 500. Its new high is 2,075.37.
Both indexes hit their previous closing highs -- 17,912.62 and 2,074.33, respectively -- on Wednesday.
The Nasdaq composite gained 0.2%, or 11 points.
Starbucks powered to an-all time high as the coffee shop icon debuted a huge flagship Starbucks store in its hometown of Seattle. SBUX ended the day at $83.57 per share, a gain of 2.8%.
In other economic news, orders to U.S. factories slipped for a third straight month in October and would have fallen even more except for a big jump in defense orders.
The U.S. trade deficit fell slightly in October as exports rebounded while oil imports dipped to the lowest level in five years.
Consumers increased their borrowing in October but at a slightly slower pace than in the previous month as credit card use slowed.
Asian stocks ended higher. European shares saw solid gains, with the DAX of Germany and the CAC 40 of France vaulting 2.4% and 2.2% higher, respectively.
Tokyo's Nikkei 225 index added 0.2%. Hong Kong's Hang Seng index rose 1.2%. Stocks in mainland China advanced 1.3%.
The Labor Department's payrolls report is expected to show 225,000 payroll gains by businesses, as well as federal, state and local governments.
On Thursday, the European Central Bank kept its benchmark interest rate unchanged at 0.05%, as expected.
"In spite of another downward revision to growth and inflation staff projections, the ECB delivered nothing but some futile communication changes," said Frederik Ducrozet, a senior economist at Credit Agricole Corp. "Draghi was not in a position to give any explicit signal at this point. This suggests that political hurdles to sovereign QE remain high."
Crude oil was down 46 cents at $66.50 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange.

http://bit.ly/1yxFuswhttp://bit.ly/1yxfusw
Tujhe btake buy kiyePlatinum Member
33 Followers
or you may also visit BSE website to see this disclosure.This is not the main point.The main point is the paid  expert like kapadia & Thunungutla are giving sell call on it.Just like it happened in Sintex when it was at 29.They & many fake boarders(may be they also paid by FIIs)gave sell call with a target of 9 & it went to 100 within 2 months & they started to give buy call  to provide the big buyer at 29 to exit at 90.I think we will witness same type of game play here also

http://usat.ly/1tT9I3JFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Dow, S&P 500 hit closing highs after jobs news
Stocks rose Friday -- with the Dow and S&P 500 notching closing highs -- after November's jobs gains blew way past estimates.
Post to Facebook
Dow, S&P 500 hit closing highs after jobs news Stocks rose Friday -- with the Dow and S&P 500 notching closing highs -- after November's jobs gains blew way past estimates. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1CMu8EX
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
75
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Dow, S&P 500 hit closing highs after jobs news
Kim Hjelmgaard and Matt Krantz , USA TODAY 4:42 p.m. EST December 5, 2014
A trader works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
(Photo: Richard Drew, AP)
711 CONNECT 198 TWEET 13 LINKEDIN 75 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Stocks rose Friday -- with the Dow and S&P 500 notching closing highs -- after November's jobs gains blew way past estimates.
Employers added 321,000 jobs in November — the largest one-month gain in more than two years, the Labor Department said. Those numbers -- which kept the jobless rate steady at 5.8% -- far exceeded most economists' expectations of 225,000 new jobs.
The Dow Jones industrial average ended up 0.3%, a gain of 59 points, to its new closing high of 17,958.79. Climbing 0.2%, or about 3 and a half points, was the S&P 500. Its new high is 2,075.37.
Both indexes hit their previous closing highs -- 17,912.62 and 2,074.33, respectively -- on Wednesday.
The Nasdaq composite gained 0.2%, or 11 points.
Starbucks powered to an-all time high as the coffee shop icon debuted a huge flagship Starbucks store in its hometown of Seattle. SBUX ended the day at $83.57 per share, a gain of 2.8%.
In other economic news, orders to U.S. factories slipped for a third straight month in October and would have fallen even more except for a big jump in defense orders.
The U.S. trade deficit fell slightly in October as exports rebounded while oil imports dipped to the lowest level in five years.
Consumers increased their borrowing in October but at a slightly slower pace than in the previous month as credit card use slowed.
Asian stocks ended higher. European shares saw solid gains, with the DAX of Germany and the CAC 40 of France vaulting 2.4% and 2.2% higher, respectively.
Tokyo's Nikkei 225 index added 0.2%. Hong Kong's Hang Seng index rose 1.2%. Stocks in mainland China advanced 1.3%.
The Labor Department's payrolls report is expected to show 225,000 payroll gains by businesses, as well as federal, state and local governments.
On Thursday, the European Central Bank kept its benchmark interest rate unchanged at 0.05%, as expected.
"In spite of another downward revision to growth and inflation staff projections, the ECB delivered nothing but some futile communication changes," said Frederik Ducrozet, a senior economist at Credit Agricole Corp. "Draghi was not in a position to give any explicit signal at this point. This suggests that political hurdles to sovereign QE remain high."
Crude oil was down 46 cents at $66.50 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange.

Route 66 gets a joltThe Roundabout Blog | 5 December 2014
Route 66, the ‘Mother Road’, gets a jolt
By  Devin Altieri
Read more about these links.
(Robyn Beck/AFP/Getty)
Route 66, known colloquially as the Mother Road, runs through eight US states and covers a distance of more than 2,000 miles, bridging Chicago, Illinois, and the shores of Santa Monica, California. The Mother Road is the birthplace of modern, paved highways, roadside curios and fast-food restaurants. Indeed,  the very first McDonald’s popped up along the route. Now, Illinois hopes to host another first: an electric vehicle-friendly scenic roadway.
Related
TEV Project, the slot-car highway
Comprising more than 300 miles, Illinois’ section of Route 66 would include stations featuring at least one fast-charger – capable of returning roughly 80% of a battery’s juice in 20 minutes. Charging stations would be spaced roughly 37 miles (60km) apart, among eight communities along the route.
The Illinois Route 66 Electric Corridor will receive technical support from the University of California at Davis and financing via carmakers BMW, Nissan and Mitsubishi. The latter manufacturer already has a large number of EVs in the area, thanks to the creation of “EV Town” in Normal, Illinois, one of the communities along the route with plans to augment its EV infrastructure:
So while it isn’t quite as ambitious as Will Jones’ proposed Tracked Electric Vehicle (TEV) Project , “electric avenues” such as the one proposed for Route 66 would increase the reach of EVs across the US, while reducing range anxiety – one of the biggest obstacles to EV adoption.
The Illinois Route 66 Electric Corridor project is expected to break ground later in December, with completion slated for summer 2015.
If you would like to comment on this story or anything else you have seen on BBC Autos, head over to our  Facebook  page or message us on Twitter .

Remington 700: Massive Recall for Most Popular U.S. Gunremington 700: massive recall for most popular u.s. gun
Thought your teen years were toughBy Natalie Jennings December 5 Follow @ngjennings
It was a big week for news about a certain kind of teenager: The kind who resides at 1600 Pennsylvania Ave.
Sasha and Malia Obama aren't the first teenagers in the White House to fall under scrutiny. Here's a look back at other first children and the unique challenges they had growing up on Pennsylvania Avenue. (The Washington Post)
First, Sasha and Malia Obama's appearance at the annual White House turkey pardoning ceremony inspired a Facebook rant from an aide to a Republican congressman. Backlash to that rant then  inspired that aide to resign.
And Jenna Bush Hager, who was 19 when her father George W. Bush was sworn in as president, would neither confirm nor deny that she engaged in "hanky panky" at the White House during a live call-in show on Bravo.
Check out PostTV's compilation of several examples of teenage exploits that were magnified under the White House spotlight. And read this long history of critiquing presidents' kids by The Fix's Jaime Fuller.
Natalie Jennings is a Web producer for PostTV.

Woman  82  dies in crash on University Boulevard West in KensingtonBy Dana Hedgpeth December 5 Follow @postmetrogirl
Updated at 4:10 p.m.
An 82-year-old woman may have had a “medical event” that caused her to get into a crash and die in Kensington, according to Montgomery County Police.
The crash occurred at Perry Avenue and University Boulevard West. Part of the roadway was closed for a time but has reopened. Her name was not immediately released, pending notification of her family.
Original post at 2:58 p.m.
Montgomery County police said a crash has closed part of University Boulevard West near Connecticut Avenue.
The incident occurred about 2 p.m. Police said it is a “serious personal injury collision.”
University Boulevard West is closed between Newport Mill Road and Connecticut Avenue, police said around 2:30 p.m. It was not immediately clear how long the roadway will be closed.
 
Dana Hedgpeth is a Post reporter, working the early morning, reporting on traffic, crime and other local issues.

Vladimir Putin not to address Parliament due to scheduling issuesVladimir Putin not to address Parliament due to scheduling issues
Modi thinks he can run the country on his own:RahulBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 6, 2014 4:11 am | Updated: December 6, 2014 8:56 am
Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi Friday hit out at Prime Minister Narendra Modi saying the PM believes he can run the country on his own. He also alleged that the BJP does not believe in the democratic processes although it participates in the elections.
“The Prime Minister thinks he can run the country single-handedly and he deeply believes in that. This can never happen. This country will be run by its people. And the poor of the country will give direction to this country,” Rahul said addressing an Youth Congress event hours after he led protests against the government in Parliament.
Rahul said the BJP does not believe in democratic processes. “Our opponents does not believe in democratic process. They do fight elections but they believe the democratic process is useless. Today, when (Mallikarjun) Kharge was speaking in Lok Sabha, his microphone was switched off… During our time, we never did that. The Opposition was allowed to speak and put across their view points,” he said.
Addressing the Youth Congress alumni meet, attended by all past national and state presidents and office bearers, Rahul said the Congress had made a come back after the defeats in 1977 and 1989.
Rahul made a strong pitch for a bigger political role for youths. “You are the testimony of Youth Congress’s struggle. My job is to get Youth Congress leaders into the parent Congress,” he added.

Kharge suggests House microphones switched off to silenceOppWritten by Pradeep Kaushal | New Delhi |
Posted: December 6, 2014 4:08 am
An incensed Mallikarjun Kharge, leader of the Congress in the Lok Sabha, on Thursday afternoon led a walk-out from the House and alleged that microphones of Opposition members had been switched off to censor their comments against the government.
“When we try to put forth issues before the House, the mic turns off… This shows that there is little time to know our view… I don’t wish to talk much about it… there could be mechanical defect,” Kharge told reporters.
However, Union Minister of State for Parliamentary Affairs Minister Rajiv Pratap Rudy denied that microphones were being switched off in the House, and said that the charge was baseless.
The Lok Sabha chamber is equipped with a computer-controlled integrated system comprising three sub-systems for microphone management, simultaneous interpretation and automatic vote recording. It was introduced in the 10th Lok Sabha.
Each member has a goose-neck microphone and a push-button set fixed at his or her desk or railing. The mike has an LED, which lights up whenever the mike is activated. The push-button set consists of a mic request system, synchronised with the seat numbers allotted to members. This is the precise reason why Rules of Business stress that each member should occupy the seat allotted to him whenever he wishes to speak.
A member may try catching the eye of the Speaker by raising his hand and pressing the mic/request button. However, the mike doesn’t get activated then. Instead, it is activated from the control room only when the Speaker permits the member to speak. That’s when the LED glows red and the member can be heard.
Thus, when the mic of a member fails to get activated or is deactivated while he is speaking, it means he is speaking without the permission of the chair. This implies the time meant for this member is up. Else, the chair has declined or ignored his request to have his say.

Mamata wont attend ModismeetWritten by Abantika Ghosh | New Delhi |
Posted: December 6, 2014 4:08 am
West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee will not attend the chief ministers’ meet called by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday. State Industries Minister Amit Mitra is likely to represent her at the meeting to discuss the future of the Planning Commission.
Trinamool-BJP ties, which have been on a downward trajectory since the Lok Sabha elections, have steadily deteriorated since the beginning of the Winter Session where Trinamool with its protest a day tactics has become a rallying point for opposition parties. Amit Shah’s salvo about Saradha chit fund scam money being used to fund terror activities in Bangladesh and the government’s subsequent denial has further worsened matter.
“The Chief Minister of West Bengal is unlikely to attend the Prime Minister’s meeting on the Planning Commission or the subsequent retreat. There is hardly any point in such an exercise with a government that has consistently muzzled the opposition in the Parliament. Industries Minister Amit Mitra will present the West Bengal government’s viewpoints at the meeting,” said a senior Trinamool leader.
Mamata’s decision to skip the meeting is a clear indication of her reluctance to mend things with Modi or his party.

Kanimozhi brain behind Kalaignar TV: Rajasex-aideBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 6, 2014 4:05 am
Former additional private secretary to former telecom minister A Raja Friday told the special court that DMK MP Kanimozhi, facing trial in the 2G-related money laundering case along with 18 others, was the “active brain” behind the formation of accused firm Kalaignar TV Pvt Ltd (KTV).
Aseervatham Achary deposed before the court that Kanimozhi used to visit Raja’s residential office and used to be widely covered in news bulletins of KTV.
“I used to see Kanimozhi Karunanithi visiting A Raja at his residential office at Motilal Nehru Marg, New Delhi, frequently…she also visited his office at Electronics Niketan once.
Both of them used to talk to each other regularly. Kanimozhi Karunanithi is the active brain behind the formation of  KTV,” Achary told Special CBI Judge O P Saini.
“I have not examined any record of KTV. However, I know that she (Kanimozhi) is an active brain behind KTV because during that period of formation of KTV, I was working with A Raja and I have personally seen that she was taking active interest in the formation of KTV,” he added.
As Achary deposed in the court that he has been a member of the BJP since April this year, after taking voluntary retirement from government service in February, Kanimozhi’s counsel asked him, “I put it to you that in the light of the fact that Subramanian Swamy and BJP had made this case a political issue, you gave evidence in the case to suit their political game?”
“I agree to the first part of the suggestion but deny the latter. It is wrong to suggest that I have been manipulated by Subramanian Swamy and the BJP to give false evidence before the court. It is wrong to suggest that my evidence today qua Kanimozhi Karunanithi is false and devoid of any legal merit or foundation,” he replied.

SAIL offer oversubscribed; govt to get Rs 1 500 crequities
MUMBAI: A clutch of state-owned insurers and banks stepped in to ensure the success of the Narendra Modi government's first share sale. Public sector insurance companies led by Life Insurance Corp. (LIC) and lenders including State Bank of India (SBI) lapped up majority of the Rs 1,700-crore issue of Steel Authority of India (SAIL) on Friday as many traditional foreign institutions and domestic mutual funds stayed away from the offer. Retail investors lapped up all the shares set aside for them.
SAIL's 20.65-crore-share offer for sale (OFS) done through stock exchanges on Friday was subscribed two times. Bids under the general category, including institutional investors and banks among others, were almost two times the 18.65 crore shares reserved for them.
Retail investors put in bids for 2.7 times the 2.06 crore shares kept aside for the category. They will be allotted the shares at a discount of 5% to the bid price. There was some confusion about the subscription details in the last hour of trading. At around 2:30 pm, the BSE website showed the offer was subscribed 131%, but it was soon revised to 69%. Soon, both exchanges showed the offer was fully subscribed.
State-owned insurance companies such as LIC and General Insurance Corp.(GIC) among others pumped close to Rs 700-750 crore into the share sale, said a banker in the know. Some public sector banks, along with one large private bank, invested about Rs 450-500 crore in the issue.
Private banks put in Rs 100 crore
The private sector lender put in close to Rs 100 crore, the banker said.
In addition to these state-owned firms, at least 12 foreign hedge funds such as Segantii Capital Management and Geosphere subscribed to the SAIL OFS, said a source. But, investment by some of these asset managers in the SAIL issue was part of a trading strategy involving shares and futures contracts.
Various hedge funds sold futures contracts of SAIL before the announcement of share sale. In the OFS on Friday, they subscribed to shares proportionately. These funds benefit when the price of the futures contract and the share price converge.
Unlike traditional foreign institutional investors (FIIs), who buy and hold for a while, these hedge funds are said to have invested in the issue with the intention of holding for a shorter period. Bankers said many long-established institutional investors were not keen to put money into the SAIL issue because of steep valuations."Operationally, SAIL is not the best opportunity that investors have as of now. Also, there was very little left on the table in terms of valuations," said a senior fund manager of a top mutual fund.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nomura upbeat on India  sees FY15 GDP growth at 5.5 per centNomura upbeat on India, sees FY15 GDP growth at 5.5 per cent
By PTI | 5 Dec, 2014, 10.22PM IST
India is heading towards growth with macroeconomic stability and its economy is likely to expand at 5.5 per cent in the current fiscal, Japanese brokerage firm Nomura said.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: India is heading towards growth with macroeconomic stability and its economy is likely to expand at 5.5 per cent in the current fiscal, Japanese brokerage firm Nomura said today.
"We are positive about India's growth. Our medium term view is that macro policies - both the policies that RBI is likely to follow and reforms that the Government is likely to announce - will lead to lesser volatility going forward and more macro stability," Nomura Economist (India) Sonal Varma told reporters here.
She expects Asia's third largest economy to grow at 5.5 per cent in FY15 and at around 6.5 per cent in FY16.
Varma said although there were concerns about growth not really picking up, as indicated by volatile factory output numbers and weak credit expansion, some of the indicators suggest India was already in the initial stage of business cycle recovery.
She said the government's focus on clearing investment projects has reduced policy uncertainty and expects the investment cycle to pick up soon.
"We are calling 2015 a Goldilocks year (high growth & low inflation) for India because while we are still in the positive direction on growth, we think inflation will continue to moderate. So, this is not another business cycle where inflation will pick up."
The global financial services major expects the price rate to ease and hover around 5-5.5 per cent next year. "The ease in inflation will be largely on account of domestic factors, particular fall in rural wages," Varma said.
She said low inflation will provide RBI some room to cut policy rates. "Our base line expectation is the RBI will cut rates by 50 basis points in the first half of 2015. We are pencling in April and June as the likely timing."
She said the country was comfortable on current account deficit (CAD) front and expects $27 billion in FDI inflows in FY15.
CAD is likely to be at sustainable levels of around 2 per cent of GDP this fiscal. The rupee is likely to be at 61.3 per dollar by end-2014 and 62 level by end-2015, she said.
According to Nomura, the Reserve Bank has likely reduced its foreign exchange intervention stance.
"Authorities are backing off from there (forex) intervention stance because we think they have accumulated the reserves they wanted to accumulate," Nomura MD and Head of FX Strategy (Asia ex-Japan) Craig Chan said.

Tom Ricks opens up about post-traumatic stressBy Dan Lamothe December 5 Follow @danlamothe
Tom Ricks, the longtime Washington Post war correspondent who has written five books about the Iraq War and other military matters, opened up Friday about his own struggles with post-traumatic stress, saying in a piece for the New Yorker magazine that even the publication of his best-selling book “Fiasco” brought “no sense of resolution” to what he had seen in combat.
Tom Ricks, shown here in Washington Post staff photo before the Iraq War began. (Photo by Marie Marzi for The Washington Post)
“I blamed all that was happening on others,” he said of his life in 2004, before beginning to write the book. “I felt that people were really pissing me off and that they just needed to listen to me more.”
Ricks said in the piece, titled “In and Out of Time in Iraq,” that he covered the conflict with a growing sense of unease that made him realize covering the Iraq War would be different than other conflicts.
“In the back of my brain, an unconscious thought was growing, whispering, insisting on being heard: something is very wrong here,” he wrote. “It hit me hard; it was a personal feeling. This wasn’t a matter of policy, this was a matter of my life: This war is going to be very different from the other conflicts you have covered, I thought, different from Somalia, Haiti, Bosnia, Kosovo, Afghanistan. Something here has grabbed ahold of you. You have lost control of your future.”
Ricks struggled with post-traumatic stress for years afterward, putting strains on his marriage and family.
“The moment of recognition came for me when a marriage counselor read aloud from the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders the symptoms of PTSD, among them irritability, nightmares, hyper-vigilance, and feelings of disconnection,” Ricks wrote. “He then looked at me and asked if these sounded familiar.”
Ricks left The Washington Post in 2008 and moved to Maine. Connecting to nature has helped him, he said. He still blogs about national security issues for Foreign Policy .
Ricks told Checkpoint he was inspired to write the essay after reading two books: “The Evil Hours” and “Redeployment.” The first, by former Marine officer David Morris, comes out in January and is a history of PTSD . The other, by former Marine officer Phil Klay, is a series of fictional short stories that draws on his time in Iraq. It recently won a National Book Award and was featured on Checkpoint here .
Ricks said he didn’t find it difficult to share his own struggles and started writing the essay last month while on a flight to Washington after reading both books.
The view from a sentry’s post atop a corner of Patrol Base Swamp in Iraq in 2006, as taken by Tom Ricks. The image shows a muddy potato field, a canal behind it, and trees and houses behind that. This view looked toward an area of intense insurgent activity, including bomb building, where U.S. troops rarely have operated over the last three years. (Tom Ricks/ The Washington Post)
“I didn’t find it difficult to share,” he said. “My main concern was intruding on the privacy of my wife and children, so I asked them to read it before I showed it to anyone else. They liked it.”
“I don’t know why, but I am not reluctant about sharing,” he added. “I think it is in part because I feel like I have come out the other side, and owe so many people an explanation of just who I was over the last 10 years. Also, I know that many people have had it far worse. Finally, I thought that getting the word out on David Morris’s book is important. I think it will help a lot of people.”
Morris, reached by Checkpoint, said he was flattered to hear how Ricks had connected with his work. Morris has admired his work for many years, he said. Many people experience what Ricks did, feeling “out of time with the rest of the world,” Morris said.
“Returning home from a war, especially to a country as isolated and insulated as the United States, is a serious existential exercise,” Morris said. “When I came home from Iraq in 2006, I felt like Nick Carraway returning from the East in ‘The Great Gatsby.’ I expected the world to be at ‘a kind of moral attention’…. When that didn’t happen, it made me question what it meant to be an American. It forced me to look more closely at why I had served and what I had been a part of.”
Ricks said he has received a lot of nice notes since his essay was published, including from some veterans — “and you know that means a lot.”
Ricks shared a note he said he received from one reader, who asked to remain anonymous. It read: “today, I posted your article on facebook with a comment — and despite all my ‘awareness raising efforts about the experiences of frontline civilians, this was the first time that I ever connected myself personally to PTSD — the first time I’ve said publicly that it affects me.”
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

Jeb Bushs joyfully conservative speechBy Jennifer Rubin December 5 Follow @JRubinBlogger
The right-wing critics labeling Jeb Bush un-conservative may not have met him, interviewed him, heard him speak or reviewed his record. They may not distinguish between his record and views and those of his brother former President George W. Bush. That’s the charitable explanation. The other is that they are trying to discredit Bush with a false portrait of who he is and what he stands for.
Former Florida governor Jeb Bush, center, sits with his son George P. Bush before speaking to supporters at Hardin-Simmons University in October in Abilene, Tex. (LM Otero/Associated Press)
In a speech this week at the U.S. Democracy Cuba PAC, Bush reminded us just how conservative and serious he can be on policy issues. One conservative foreign policy adviser remarked that “he hits about every point one would want on foreign and defense policy.” He hit some domestic ones as well. The speech was noteworthy in many respects.
First, he is within the group of most hawkish potential 2016 contenders. His views are quite similar to those of Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal and Texas Gov. Rick Perry on defense spending, U.S. leadership, standing up to aggressors and other aspects of the conservative anti-Obama critique. Bush is certainly to the right of Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.), and to the extent that Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Tex.) has counseled against enforcing the red line or wants to limit the sort of forces deployed against the Islamic State, he, too, would be to Bush’s left. In his speech, two of Bush’s principles were to match rhetoric to action and to stop ruling out options.
Second, he does show a greater interest in and knowledge of this hemisphere, no doubt because he was governor of Florida, married a woman from Mexico and lived in Venezuela. He talks impressively about the danger of terrorist elements infiltrating Central and South America and the benefits of economic integration and a trading zone for the entire hemisphere. Speaking before a group of pro-freedom Cuban activists, he naturally spoke about the outrageous  human rights situation, noting that American Alan Gross just reached his fifth anniversary of captivity in a Cuban prison. Interestingly, he also chided the thousands of tourists who visit, putting money directly into the pockets of a brutal regime. He said, however, he remains optimistic about the future. “Dying dictators do die!” he exclaimed jauntily.
Third, on the economy he is the only potential contender to make his message solely about growth. Domestic energy development, tax reform, conversion of our immigration system to one that stresses skills for a modern economy (“200-300 first-round draft picks,” he called them) and trade are all aimed at one goal: jump-starting the economy. He does not advanced the pinched, green-eyeshade version of politicians obsessed with balanced budgets, but he is a pro-growth Reaganite in every respect.
Finally, he spoke extensively in Spanish, a reminder that he would have a connection with and familiarity with Hispanic voters that perhaps only Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.), if he runs, would share. In his relaxed style, he plainly conveyed that he was among friends and family in the community. They know him, and he knows them. He did not discover minority voters only after he began considering seriously a run for the presidency. He does not need to embark on a deliberate outreach campaign; he has been in minority communities throughout his adult life.
Bush, in a dark suit looking more svelte than he has before, certainly conveyed an air of gravitas and sunny optimism. He says he only wants to run if he can do so with “joy.” He sure looked like he was joyful.
Jennifer Rubin writes the Right Turn blog for The Post, offering reported opinion from a conservative perspective.

Scandals blow up in media and pols facesBy Jennifer Rubin December 5 Follow @JRubinBlogger
In a stunning admission of journalistic malpractice, Rolling Stone on Friday backed away from its story about an alleged rape at a fraternity at University of Virginia. The Post reported , “Several key aspects of the account  of a gang rape  offered by a University of Virginia student in Rolling Stone magazine have been cast into doubt, including the date of the alleged attack and details about the alleged attacker, according to interviews and a statement from the magazine backing away from the article.” It is impossible to know if any part of the story is true. Rolling Stone lamely confessed , “In the face of new information, there now appear to be discrepancies in Jackie’s account, and we have come to the conclusion that our trust in her was misplaced. We were trying to be sensitive to the unfair shame and humiliation many women feel after a sexual assault and now regret the decision to not contact the alleged assaulters to get their account. We are taking this seriously and apologize to anyone who was affected by the story.”
Jalen Ross, at podium, president of the University of Virginia student council, ponders a question during a news conference at the University of Virginia in Charlottesville, Va., Monday, Nov. 24, 2014.  (AP Photo/Steve Helber)
The same day the joint legislative committee investigating the bridge scandal in New Jersey found no evidence to connect New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie to the incident. The Associated Press says , “A report commissioned by Christie previously cleared him of any wrongdoing, and a lawyer for the governor said in a statement Thursday night that the report corroborates that investigation. ‘The Committee has finally acknowledged what we reported nine months ago — namely, that there is not a shred of evidence Governor Christie knew anything about the GWB lane realignment beforehand or that any current member of his staff was involved in that decision,’ Christie attorney Randy Mastro said in a statement.” In weasel words the committee refused to affirmatively exonerate him, simply saying it is “impossible” to decide one way or another. Given that it is nearly impossible to prove the negative, Christie has every right to take that as vindication. When do you suppose MSNBC will recant its hyperventilating coverage? How much time will it devote to Christie getting cleared or to reviewing its own coverage?
And then there is the Ferguson, Missouri episode. In contrast to the Eric Garner killing, the claims of  many protesters   and grievance mongers have been widely discredited. There is ample evidence that Michael Brown robbed a store, grabbed for the officer’s gun and then charged at him. The burden being on the state to prove the officer’s guilt beyond a reasonable doubt, the legal standard was not remotely met.
That did not stop many in the media from portraying Brown as a passive and innocent victim or politicians from indicting the entire judicial system. That did not stop the president, the governor and the U.S. attorney general from turning this into a narrative about race, regardless of the facts. Nor did Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) pause before leaping to indict the entire legal system as racially unfair, use it as a pretext to talk about overly-militarized police and sit down with Al Sharpton . Then the rioting became an excuse to “ mostly blame the politicians ” (as if Paul is not one of them). When do the media and Rand Paul acknowledge their factual assumptions may be wrong and therefore this was not an instance of bigoted policing but of good-faith self-defense? Maybe the facts don’t matter anymore. (Paul also stumbled when he weirdly blamed  cigarette tax laws  for the choke hold killing of Garner.)
The gross irresponsibility of politicians and the media in creating and fanning firestorms based on false accusations, incomplete accounts or contrived “facts”  should have consequences. There are victims at UVA whose reputations have been smeared. I urge them to consult with good lawyers to pursue remedies. Politicians can and should be rebuked when they speak out recklessly and manipulate events to serve other ends. The media scandal machine loses credibility with each of these episodes, revealing that too often the ideologically based narrative is much more important than the truth.
Viewers have tuned out and turned off MSNBC in droves for good reason. News consumers should be far more discerning in what they believe. And voters should be skeptical of trusting politicians who don’t bother to get the facts right before racing to the microphones.
Not everyone acts like a fool in these episodes. I commend readers to look at remarks about Garner’s killing  from former  President George W. Bush  and  Speaker of the House John Boehner  who confessed surprise, but did not accuse; invited further investigation, but did not leap to conclusions; and expressed concern about racial tensions, but did not indict the entire legal system. Others can learn from them. As for the media, I doubt in the age of social media with unlimited hours of cable TV news time to fill they can ever demonstrate restraint. But the rest of us can treat them as more akin to tabloids than to respected news outlets. Maybe we should give fellow citizens some benefit of the doubt. That would be novel.
Jennifer Rubin writes the Right Turn blog for The Post, offering reported opinion from a conservative perspective.

Dow  S&P 500 end at record highs after strong US jobsYou are here: Home > Collections
Wall Street rises for 7th week, but ends off its highs
Reuters Dec 6, 2014, 02.51AM IST
Tags:
Dow Jones
(Based on the latest available…)
NEW YORK: The Dow and S&P 500 closed a seventh straight weekly advance on Friday as a better-than-expected jobs report indicated strong economic growth, but perhaps to the point where interest rates could rise sooner than previously anticipated.
Bank stocks and other sectors tied to the pace of growth led on the day, though continued weakness in crude oil weighed on energy shares. While major indexes ended off their highs of the session, both the Dow and S&P closed at records.
Payrolls rose by 321,000 in November, way above the 230,000 estimated, while the unemployment rate held steady at 5.8 percent, a six-year low.
The report blew past forecasts, but also raised expectations that a rate hike from the Federal Reserve may materialize sooner than previously thought.
Ronald Sanchez, chief investment officer of Fiduciary Trust Company International in New York, said the number was "unambiguously strong," though it "could mean some changes to policy recommendations with the Fed. June 2015 is back on the table for when rates could rise."
Financials rose 1 percent as higher interest rates would prop up earnings in the sector. Bank of America rose 2.7 percent to $17.68 while Goldman Sachs was up 1.8 percent to $195.45, boosting the Dow.
Utilities, a dividend play, fell 0.8 percent as Treasuries yields rose. Energy fell 1.2 percent alongside a 1.7 percent drop in crude prices. Most sectors ended well off their highs of the session.
"The day's market action has to be seen in the context of the recovery we've had year-to-date. Payrolls confirm the strength of the economy, but that strength is reflected in stock prices," said Sanchez, who helps oversee $16 billion in assets.
Separate data showed new orders for U.S. factory goods fell for a third straight month in October, pointing to a slowdown in manufacturing activity.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 58.69 points, or 0.33 percent, to 17,958.79, the S&P 500 gained 3.45 points, or 0.17 percent, to 2,075.37 and the Nasdaq Composite
added 11.32 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,780.76.
For the week, the Dow rose 0.7 percent and the S&P rose 0.4 percent. It was the seventh straight weekly gain, a streak not seen in a year for both. The Nasdaq fell 0.2 percent on the week.
American Eagle Outfitters fell 13.8 percent to $11.91 after the teen apparel retailer forecast a current-quarter profit below analysts' estimates and reported its fifth straight drop in quarterly income.
About 5.81 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 1,614 to 1,480, for a 1.09-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,809 issues rose and 927 fell, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio favoring advancers.
The S&P 500 posted 98 new 52-week highs and 10 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 168 new highs and 93 new lows.
FEATURED ARTICLES

QUIZ: Can you tell the difference between this do-nothing Congress and all the other onesSource: Daily Beast
 
We should really think of a new adjective new before the year ends. That's because this nickname has already been taken. In 1948, President Truman called the 80th Congress a "do-nothing" loser. Even then, though, the name had already gone stale. As you can see in the quiz below, the United States has often found little to like in our legislative body.
So, if we're going to complain about it, we could at least be a little more creative. Like, the small-batch legislative achievements Congress. Or the Turn Down for Nearly Everything Congress. Basically anything else.
If you can't see the quiz below, click here.
 
1
"[He] spoke with his usual ease and facility, and there were occasional witticisms that were greatly enjoed by the gallery audience. Among the Democrats, some of whom were aware that there was some truth in the words of the speaker, the intimations that this Congress is a 'do-nothing' one were too painfully true to be enjoyable. The Congress will be two months old very soon, and it has done next to nothing at all."
113th Congress
Some other do-nothing Congress
2
"This story has been worked over with considerable vigor and enthusiasm by the President and other party spokesmen. It was the 'do-nothing Congress,' 'the worst Congress in history,' a Congress that bent the knee before the wicked 'special interests.'But the subject has not been wrung dry by any means."
113th Congress
Some other do-nothing Congress
3
“You are not getting a whole lot of bills introduced because lawmakers know the chances of success are minimal because so little is being done. It’s more than sad; it’s pathetic.”
113th Congress
Some other do-nothing Congress
4
"Is there nothing that will wake up this dull, do-nothing Congress? We hope the people who will be called upon to elect a new Congress this fall will have the discretion to elect men who will work for the interest of the country and not sit on their haunches and make buncomb speeches."
113th Congress
Some other do-nothing Congress
5
"Congress set off for a two-week recess Friday, flying out of Washington under a dark cloud: the 'Do-nothing' label. But that term is too easy. If you take a closer look, it turns out the better fit may be the 'wasted-time' Congress. The terms 'do-nothing' and "Congress" may be so cemented together that the phrase no longer tells us much. At the moment, it may sound redundant."
113th Congress
Some other do-nothing Congress
6
"Let the people turn out all unprofitable, fault-finding, do-nothing members of Congress, and we may then hope to see Reform practised. But what advantage can the public derive from Members of Congress, who *oppose* every thing and *propose* nothing? Verily they are like the dog in the manger -- they will neither do good themselves, nor let others do it.
113th Congress
Some other do-nothing Congress
7
"The current picture is grim. Only 3 percent of Americans think their representatives have been 'very productive' on the Hill, a mere 7 percent have 'a great deal' or 'quite a lot' of faith in the institution, and 69 percent don’t want members of Congress to be re-elected in the next election. Darth Vader is polling far better than Congress, and even Nickelback, lice, and Donald Trump bested Congress in studies from 2013."
113th Congress
Some other do-nothing Congress
8
"Hating on Congress is a beloved American tradition. Hence Mark Twain's old joke, 'Reader, suppose you were an idiot. And suppose you were a member of Congress. But I repeat myself.' But the *$%th Congress is no ordinary congress. It’s a very bad, no good, terrible Congress. It is, in fact, one of the very worst congresses we have ever had."
113th Congress
Some other do-nothing Congress
9
"Congress makes it its business to do nothing, and this business is already 'thoroughly disposed of.' What did it do yesterday? Nothing. The day before? Nothing. The day before that? Nothing. Last week? Nothing. ... Week before last? Nothing. Last month? Nothing ... Month before last? Nothing ... The month before that? Nothing, but talk Nothing. The month before that? Nothing whatever. Now, we submit, this business of doing Nothing has been 'thoroughly' enough done up. Congress might sit forever, and add Nothing to its accomplishment of Nothing. If Congress can do Nothing in eight month, how much more can it do in ten or twelve? Clearly Nothing; and Nothing we have already. We would not undervalue Nothing; and Nothing we had already. We are aware that out [members of Congress] think much of Nothing. Nothing is to them a substantial quality, a high political duty, a mission, a virtue, a chief end, a heroism, indeed we may say a rage, for [members of Congress] often rage about nothing. "
113th Congress
Some other do-nothing Congress
10
Operating on the notion that the public prefers political theater to authentic accomplishments, the House and Senate are preparing to achieve almost nothing when they reconvene. Instead of passing bills into law and allowing voters to judge their work, the legislators appear to be pushing hopes of any serious lawmaking off into the safety of a post-election, lame-duck session — and that’s if they move relatively quickly.
113th Congress

India willing  but rich countries need to provide finance techWritten by Amitabh Sinha | Lima |
Posted: December 6, 2014 4:14 am | Updated: December 12, 2014 10:42 am
INDCs, or Intended Nationally-Determined Contributions, a relatively new addition to the encyclopedia of acronyms at climate talks, has been occupying most of the negotiating space at Lima as the first week of discussions on finalising building blocks for a future climate treaty drew to a close.
Countries have been trying to come to a mutually agreeable definition of INDCs, a concept that came into being at last year’s climate meeting in Warsaw, Poland, and which will be at the core of the new climate agreement that is expected to be finalised at the next year’s meeting in Paris.
INDCs basically mean that all countries, big and small, rich and poor, developed and developing, will be free to decide on their own — it will be ‘nationally-determined’ — the set of actions they ‘intend’ to take to fight climate change. It is hoped that the ambition and scale of these actions would be in line with what scientists say is necessary in order to avoid catastrophic effects of climate change.
INDCs mark a huge departure from the earlier visions of a climate agreement that sought to apportion fixed ‘emission reduction targets’ on a small group of rich and industrialised countries, which are blamed for creating the problem of climate change through unregulated greenhouse gas emissions. Emission reduction targets were at the heart of the Kyoto Protocol, which ran from 2005 to 2012, and was extended till 2020 but not before countries like Japan and Australia pulled out of it. Kyoto Protocol under-performed in any case, with many countries not adhering to their targets and the US, the biggest emitter till 2006, keeping away from it.
The INDC-based agreement, supposed to come into effect after 2020, will ensure the participation of all countries, though the nature and scale of ‘contributions’ will vary for different countries.
How to ensure this differentiation, and include equity, is one of the key sticking points in agreeing on a definition of INDC.
“Our argument is based on our long-held and well-established view.
Contribution in INDCs cannot be only mitigation actions. Adaptation must be counted as contribution as well,” said Susheel Kumar, Additional Secretary in the Ministry of Environment, Forests and Climate Change, who is heading the Indian delegation.
Kumar was echoing the voice of the developing and poor countries who argue that they are not in a position to take mitigation actions, or cut their greenhouse gas emissions, because that would restrict their options for economic growth, essential to pull millions out of poverty. These countries, a large contingent of more than 130, swear by a principle known as Common But Differentiated Responsibility, or CBDR, enshrined in the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC), the umbrella agreement of 1994 under which the climate talks are being held.
“Differentiation is essential. INDCs must ensure that… Countries can do certain things on their own. Many are willing to do much more do not have the money or technology. In the INDCs, countries should be able to say that we are prepared to make this much further ‘contribution’ continued…

Govt plans reverse auction for captive coal ...Government plans to use reverse auction to award coal blocks to private power producers
Debjoy Sengupta, ET Bureau Dec 6, 2014, 03.52AM IST
Tags:
Auction
(The lowest bidder wins the…)
KOLKATA: The government has decided to use the reverse auction method to award captive coal blocks to private power producers in cases where tariffs cannot be changed, according to a senior official. These companies include those that have power purchase agreements with utilities and entities that set up power plants through tariff-based bidding. In reverse auctions, the authority sets a ceiling price and bidders have to bid lower than that.
The lowest bidder wins the auction. The official said the government has decided to use state-run Coal India's prices as ceiling. "This process will be followed because tariff of the end product , power in this case, cannot be changed because the recipients of these blocks are contractually obligated not to change the prices," the official told ET.
In this case, the quality of coal from a coal block will be ascertained. The ceiling for this block's coal will be set as the notified price of similar quality of Coal India's produce. There are a few power generation companies that had been allotted coal blocks on the basis of power plants that were put up by them. These plants have also signed power purchase agreements (PPA) with power utilities for supplying electricity at a mutually agreed price. PPAs are legally binding documents.
Another set of power producers have been awarded permission to set up power plants on the basis of the tariffs they quoted. These power producers too cannot change their power tariff in the short run," he said. Salaries and wages account for almost 50-60% of Coal India's production cost. The miner gives a host of benefits to its employees, and each mine worker earns an average Rs 40,000 per month. It is likely that private coal producers will try and save on this component of coal production cost.
In fact, cost of production for private miners is at least 30% less than that of Coal India . The Centre had appointed a consultant to find out ways of cushioning power companies from rise in generation costs after they buy coal blocks through e-auctions. The decision to conduct reverse auction was based on a recommendation made by this consultant. At present, 42 coal producing blocks and 32 that are ready to start production will be offered. Some would be auctioned and others allocated to state firms.
FEATURED ARTICLES

GAIL to buy 2.5m tons LNG from USAGAIL to buy 2.5m tons LNG from USA
Therapy Mini-Horses Bring A Whole Lot Of Happiness To A HospitalThese Therapy Mini-Horses Brought A Whole Lot Of Happiness To A Hospital
 |  By                                                                      LINDSEY TANNER
reddit
CHICAGO (AP) -- Though it may sound like one, this is no joke: Two miniature horses trotted into a hospital.
Doctors and patients did double-takes when the equine visitors ambled down long corridors in the pediatric unit at Chicago's Rush University Medical Center. Wide-eyed youngsters hooked up to IV poles stepped into hallways to get a glimpse, and kids too sick to leave their rooms beamed with delight when the little long-lashed horses showed up for some bedside nuzzling.
Mystery and Lunar, small as big dogs, are equines on a medical mission to offer comfort care and distraction therapy for ailing patients. It is a role often taken on by dogs in health care settings - animal therapy, according to studies and anecdotal reports, may benefit health, perhaps even speeding healing and recovery.
Mini-horses add an extra element of delight - many kids don't know they exist outside of fairy tales.
"I want one," said 14-year-old Elizabeth Duncan, stroking Mystery's nose from her propped-up hospital bed.
These horses and two others belong to the animal-assisted therapy group Mane in Heaven, based in Lake in the Hills, a suburb northwest of Chicago. They have visited nursing homes and centers for the disabled, but this November visit was their first-ever inside a hospital. It was also the first horse-therapy visit for Rush, and more are planned.
"We have long had animal-assisted therapy here at Rush and just seen the enormous benefits that animals can have on most children - just the joy that they bring, the unconditional love," said Robyn Hart, the hospital's director of child life services.
Mini horses "are something that most people whether kids or adults have never seen before, and so that builds in a little more excitement and anticipation. They almost look like mythical animals, like they should have wings on," Hart said.
Some people confuse these horses with better-known Shetland ponies, but minis are less stout, with a more horse-like build. The therapy they offer contrasts starkly with the austere high-tech hospital environment - soft ears to scratch, fluffy manes to caress, big soulful eyes to stare deeply into.
"They're so nice and they don't judge and they're so sweet," said epilepsy patient Emily Pietsch, 17, after gently tracing Lunar's heart-shaped muzzle with her fingers.
Mane in Heaven's owner, Jodie Diegel, a former obstetrics nurse, says the minis bring "smiles, joy, love and laughter and that's the true healing in action."
Some research has suggested that animal-assisted therapy may reduce pain and blood pressure, and decrease fear and stress in hospitalized children. But much of it is based on patients' reports.
A review of 10 years of studies about in-patient therapy using dogs, published in April in the Southern Medical Association's journal, concluded that it's safe and can be effective. Dr. Caroline Burton of Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, Florida, a co-author of the review, owns seven dogs, four regular horses and a donkey, and strongly supports animal-assisted therapy.
Burton acknowledged that skeptics dismiss it as "touchy-feely" and lacking hard evidence of any meaningful medical benefits. She said studies are needed on whether animals in hospitals can shorten patients' stays and reduce readmission rates - something her hospital is looking into with dogs and heart failure patients.
While some worry about animals bringing germs into hospitals, Burton's review found no associated infections in patients.
Guidelines from the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention note that animal-assisted therapy in health care settings stems from evidence that having pets at home helps some patients recover more quickly from medical procedures. The guidelines focus mostly on infection control procedures and hand-washing for patients and hospital staff.
Diegel, Mane in Heaven's owner, and her horse helpers carry lots of hand sanitizer and a pooper scooper on therapy visits. Diegel doesn't feed the horses beforehand, to help avoid accidents. Even so, one of the horses pooped in a hallway during the Chicago hospital visit, but the volunteers cleaned up in a flash and no one seemed phased.
The horses were "a smashing success," Hart said. "We're looking forward to having them visit monthly."
(AP Photos/M. Spencer Green)
More information about Mane in Heaven :
---

Unmanned NASA spaceship blasts off for trial runspace programme
NASA’s unmanned Orion space capsule splashed down in the Pacific Ocean off Baja California on Friday following its first flight test, the U.S. space agency said.
NASA had to postpone an initial launch on Thursday after a boat entered the launch area, strong winds forced automatic aborts, and two valves failed to close properly. Friday’s launch went smoothly, and cameras mounted on the rocket beamed back stunning pictures of the Earth as Orion blasted into the sky.
The mission could have huge implications, despite its brief four-and-a-half-hour duration. Orion will fly farther than any spacecraft made for astronauts has in decades, about 5,800 km above the Earth’s surface, and is a test case for a capsule that NASA hopes will one day land on Mars.
As its second orbit comes closer to the planet, the Orion capsule will separate and re-enter the atmosphere, eventually splashing down into the Pacific off the coast of southern California, from where it will be recovered. The mission will test how Orion fares in the extreme conditions of space travel.
NASA has designed the capsule to take up to six astronauts into deep space, and its 16ft-wide heat shield and sophisticated service module are among the features whose durability will be inspected upon return.
The capsule must not only survive launch and orbit, but temperatures of about 2,200C as it returns through Earth’s atmosphere. NASA will also test an emergency abort function developed to save astronauts in the event of a malfunction during launch.
NASA has planned a second unmanned flight for 2018, and a manned mission to travel around the moon for the 2020s. Eventually, the agency hopes to send astronauts on an Orion mission through deep space to an asteroid and Mars in the 2030s.— © Guardian Newspapers Limited, 2014

Obama names Ashton Carter as defense secretaryObama names Ashton Carter as defense secretary
When this promoter thrown away from seat  this stock starts falling. f...Gold Member
35 Followers
From news we can assume, that only intervention from Civil Aviation ministry saved Spicejet from AAI order. Even now, Spice jet has to settle all cancellation refunds within 30 days and has to give position of all liability to authorities. It is said the Airlines have asked for some time to find a suitable investor.
With all these investors should be cautious and expect worst like Kingfisher
In reply to : Definate message
6.00 AM Dec 6th

U too wrote the same in kfa side  now stock vanished from exchangeGold Member
35 Followers
From news we can assume, that only intervention from Civil Aviation ministry saved Spicejet from AAI order. Even now, Spice jet has to settle all cancellation refunds within 30 days and has to give position of all liability to authorities. It is said the Airlines have asked for some time to find a suitable investor.
With all these investors should be cautious and expect worst like Kingfisher
In reply to : Definate message
6.00 AM Dec 6th

Steve Jobs  Video Testimony Transfixes CourtroomIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

IBERIABANK Corporation Provides Energy-Related InformationIBERIABANK Corporation Provides Energy-Related Information
Ahead of PM s visit  militants storm ValleyAhead of PM s visit  militants storm Valley
Asia Pacific Market: Shares take heart from oil bounce  IMF commentsAsia Pacific Market: Shares take heart from oil bounce  IMF comments
SBI  Axis cut deposit rates; HDFC Bank may cut loan rate by MarchSBI  Axis cut deposit rates; HDFC Bank may cut loan rate by March
Vodafone  Airtel get 45 days to vacate spectrumVodafone  Airtel get 45 days to vacate spectrum
Nickel 1065 to 1040 enjoyyy nickel sell maza katoCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Cult wines in demandcult wines in demand
Protesters march in D.C.s Chinatown  block 7th and H streets NW near Verizon CenterProtesters hit the streets again Friday night to demonstrate against police violence in the wake of the deaths of Eric Garner and Michael Brown. (Reuters)
Updated 12:13 a.m.
A pedestrian was reported struck by a vehicle near the Verizon Center on Friday night at the time of a protest there against grand jury actions in New York and Missouri.
There was no immediate indication whether the pedestrian was linked to the protest, and the extent of any injury was also unclear.
However, the 11 p.m. incident added to commotion connected to the demonstrations, in which protesters have marched through downtown, shutting down several intersections temporarily as they went. In another matter that appeared to contribute to tumult in the area, an arrest was made by Metro Transit officers.
A spokesman for Metro said the officers took someone into custody in an incident that was not linked to either the protest or to the nearby Gallery Place Metro station.
Updated at 8:46 p.m.
D.C. police said demonstrators continue their march throughout the District. They’re now in Adams Morgan, currently blocking the intersection at 18th & Columbia Road NW.
Updated at 8:21 p.m.
D.C. Police said demonstrators have moved to 14th and U streets Northwest, where they are currently blocking the intersection.
Updated at 7:41 p.m.
D.C. Police said demonstrators were moving through Northwest D.C. near the Verizon Center after blocking roads in that area earlier.
Authorities said 7th and H streets NW is “open to traffic” in a message on Twitter. Police said just before 8 p.m. that the protesters were moving westbound in the 900 block of H Street NW and that a group of protesters were headed northbound at 14th and K streets NW.
They also reminded drivers that rolling street closures were in effect.
About 50 protesters lay silently in the street in symbolic remembrance of #EricGarner #Ferguson pic.twitter.com/Dx3YGGmP3M
— Clarence Williams (@nu1wcf) December 6, 2014
Updated at 7:20 p.m.
Protesters are no longer blocking an intersection near the Verizon Center and are moving east on F Street NW, according to D.C. Police.
Authorities said in a tweet that the demonstrators were headed east in the 700 block of F Street NW and that there would be “rolling road closures in effect.” Traffic around the Verizon Center remained congested as demonstrators walked the streets. The demonstrators have done several moments of silence and “die-ins” for around four hours to recognize the four hours that Michael Brown’s body was left in a street in Ferguson.
At one point, about 50 protesters lay silently in the street in a symbolic remembrance of Eric Garner , who was killed in a chokehold position after a confrontation with New York Police Department officers. Demonstrators shouted “If I can’t breathe. You can’t breathe.”
Scenes from the protest –

Any base for such predictions or just a bluff to say u told!Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Flipkart founders invest in Chennai start-upbusiness (general)
Flipkart founders Sachin Bansal and Binny Bansal has invested around $1 million in Chennai-based start-up, Ather.
The company incubated at the incubation cell at IIT Madras is an electric vehicle start-up focused on designing high-speed electric two-wheelers for the Indian market.
The funding round also includes investment from Raju Venkatraman, serial entrepreneur and CEO of Medall. Ather was started by Tarun Mehta and Swapnil Jain in 2013 with a mission to accelerate the adoption of electrical vehicles in India.
According to the company, the fund raised through the funding will be used for product development. Prior to this, Ather raised their first round of capital in February this year from Dr. V. Srinivas, founder of Aerospike and the Technology Development Board, Government of India.
Commenting on the investment Tarun Mehta said, “We are very excited about this fresh round of funding. Electric vehicles are still at a very nascent stage in India and our aim is to develop and introduce efficient electric scooters which will benefit the country and help manage its resources more effectively. We are extremely confident about this product and this funding is a reinforcement of our belief.”
With a team of 15 engineers and designers currently Ather is engaged in full-vehicle design and testing. The initial performance validation is over and manufacturing partners are currently being brought on-board.
Commenting on this funding, Sachin and Binny Bansal jointly said, “We believe that the world is moving towards a smarter, more energy-efficient and environment-friendly approach in our daily lives. Growing Indian start-ups like Ather are using technology successfully to make a mark in this field”.
Earlier, in November Sachin Bansal and Binny Bansal along with four investors had made an investment of $1 million in a Bengaluru- based offline games start-up MadRat Games.

The most powerful photographs of 2014An Indian artist dressed as the Hindu goddess Kali participates in a procession to celebrate the Ram Navami festival in Allahabad on April 8, 2014. Hindu devotees celebrate the festival of Ram Navami,... more 
An Indian artist dressed as the Hindu goddess Kali participates in a procession to celebrate the Ram Navami festival in Allahabad on April 8, 2014. Hindu devotees celebrate the festival of Ram Navami, the birth anniversary of Lord Rama, across India, which also marks the end of the nine-day long fasting and Navaratri festival. AFP PHOTO/SANJAY KANOJIA less 
1 / 30
Yahoo India | Photo by AFP
Tue 2 Dec, 2014 2:30 PM IST

Do you think India should have picked the heroes of 2011Tweet
0
The engineers of India's 2011 World Cup winning campaign - Yuvraj Singh , Virender Sehwag , Gautam Gambhir and Zaheer Khan - have not made it into the list of 30 probables for next year's premier event.
Mahendra Singh Dhoni, Virat Kohli , Suresh Raina and Ravichandran Ashwin are the only survivors from the squad that defeated Sri Lanka in the World Cup final in Mumbai.
The final 15-man squad will be announced next month. The World Cup is to be played in Australia and New Zealand from February 14 to March 29.
30 World Cup Probables:
BATSMEN — Shikhar Dhawan, Rohit Sharma, Ajinkya Rahane, Virat Kohli , Suresh Raina , Ambati Rayudu, Kedar Jadhav, Manoj Tiwary, Manish Pandey, M Vijay.
PACERS —  Ishant Sharma, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Mohammed Shami, Umesh Yadav, Varun Aaron, Dhawal Kulkarni, Stuart Binny, Mohit Sharma, Ashok Dinda.
SPINNERS — R Ashwin, Parvez Rasool, Karn Sharma, Amit Mishra, Ravindra Jadeja, Akshar Patel, Kuldeep Yadav.
WICKET-KEEPERS — MS Dhoni, Robin Uthappa, Sanju Samson, Wriddhiman Saha.
Do you think India should have picked the heroes of 2011?
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

A voice for the poor and deprived fades awayUpdated: December 5, 2014 14:53 IST
V.R. Krishna Iyer (1915-2014)
A voice for the poor and deprived fades away
Kochi Bureau
Justice V.R. Krishna Iyer used to spend his evenings with a walk along the banks of the Kochi backwaters. He has to his credit around 70 books, mostly on law, and four travelogues.
Special Arrangement
death
The legendary jurist V.R. Krishna Iyer, who took up the cause of the poor and the underprivileged in his capacities as a Minister in Kerala, a Supreme Court judge, and post-retirement, a human rights activist, is no more. He was 99.
Justice Iyer is known for a jurisprudence that stood out for its emphasis on reforming the criminal justice system, for landmark judgments, and for the environmental struggles.
The death occurred in a private hospital here around 3.30 p.m. on Thursday. He was admitted to the hospital on November 24 with chest congestion, high blood pressure and poor food intake.
He suffered a stroke on December 1 and his left side was paralysed. He was unconscious since Thursday morning, a doctor in the hospital said. The death followed a cerebral vascular accident because of the worsening cardiac condition and renal failure, along with respiratory tract infection. He suffered cardiac failure in 2012 and had been experiencing a renal condition since then. However, despite his illness, he had wonderful clarity of mind, the doctor said.
His son Paramesh Krishna Iyer and daughter-in-law Indrani were at his side at the time of his death. His wife predeceased him. He is survived by two sons.
Justice Iyer’s body, which was brought to his residence, “Satgamaya,” in the evening, will be kept at the Rajiv Gandhi Indoor stadium from 9 a.m. to 2 p.m. on Friday for the public to pay homage. The funeral will be conducted at the Ravipuram crematorium in Kochi at 6 p.m.
“Without exaggeration or pessimism, I may sum up my long period in this world as the ‘home of lost causes, forsaken beliefs, unpopular names and impossible loyalties.’ What redeems my mind and mood is the satisfaction that I have dedicated my capacities not for making money but for wiping the tears of others — this being my tryst with destiny,” he said in the preface to his autobiography, Wandering in Many Worlds.
This humane bent of mind was on display earlier this year, when Justice Iyer, braving ill health, actively campaigned against the death penalty for the convicts in the Rajiv Gandhi assassination case. When the Supreme Court commuted the sentence, he wrote in an article, The barbarity of the death penalty, in The Hindu: “This marks a point where India has touched its cultural Everest.”
Select articles by Justice V.R. Krishna Iyer
"The best judge will have nothing to hide and everything to discover without fear or favour." Read here
"A Bhopal tragedy of Hiroshima magnitude — I call it a ‘Bhoposhima' calamity caused by ‘gasassination.'" Read here
"A commission to select judges will be an improvement on the collegium only if its members are of the highest standing." Read here
"Why capital punishment should be given the death sentence." Read here
"Judges are the spinal cord of the rule of law, and the final interpreters of the Constitution. Their judgments govern social and economic justice. But oftentimes, as Frankfurter pointed out, their failings show up." Read here
On Justice Krishna Iyer
He spurned the lure of pelf and power and governmental patronage and became an unrivalled champion of social justice, constitutional values and the rule of law. He blossomed into an iconic and inspirational figure both nationally and internationally. Read here
Luminaries in the field of jurisprudence paid glowing tributes to the former Supreme Court judge V.R. Krishna Iyer at a seminar organised to celebrate the 100th birthday of the eminent jurist. Read here
Collection of letters by Justice V.R.Krishna Iyer released. Read here
V.R. Krishna Iyer, who is described as a legend in terms of his knowledge of law, was feted for his many trailblazing judgments that have earned him a place among world-renowned legal scholars. Read here

Internet freedom in India improves slightlyNEW DELHI, December 5, 2014
Updated: December 5, 2014 02:27 IST
Internet freedom in India improves slightly
Rukmini S
human rights
India is only “partly free” with a rank of 30 out of 65 countries in Internet freedom but as of May this year, it has improved its score, a new report says.
The improvement in India’s score, from 47 out of 100 in 2012-13 to 42 out of 100 in 2013-14, is the largest by any country. Among BRICS and South Asian nations, Brazil and South Africa rank better.
In its ‘Freedom on the Net 2014’ report released on Thursday, Freedom House, an independent US-based watchdog group, ranked the countries on 21 categories under three broad heads — obstacles to access, limits on content and violations of individuals’ rights.
“India improved because of the reduced number of incidents in which ICT (Information Communications Technology) connectivity and access was restricted, the relative transparency in allocation of spectrum; less content blocking and reduced known incidents of physical attacks on internet users for content posted online,” the report’s lead authors for India — Chinmayi Arun and Sarvjeet Singh of the Centre for Communication Governance (CCG) at the National Law University, Delhi — told The Hindu.
Key Internet controls that existed in India between May 2013 and May 2014 included political, social, and/or religious content being blocked, localised or nationwide shutting down of information communication technology, pro-government commentators manipulating online discussions and Internet or phone users being arrested for political or social writings.
Mass blocks on access like those imposed following the Kokrajhar riots in 2012 did not occur in 2013 but court-imposed blocks increased. Of particular cause for concern in India, along with the infamous Section 66A of the Information Technology Act, is the proposed web filter. “Besides retrieving data from intermediaries, the government’s own surveillance equipment is becoming more sophisticated. A Central Monitoring System (CMS), which will allow government agencies to intercept any online activities, phone calls, text messages and even social media conversations in real time by directly accessing interception equipment on intermediary premises, has caused widespread concern,” the report says.
“Political parties are often thought to be impacting content on the Internet, and major ones mobilised thousands of supporters using social networks in advance of the 2014 election,” the report’s Indian chapter says.
There were at least three arrests in May 2014 with two relating to speech against Prime Minister Narendra Modi, thereby increasing the number of attempted prosecutions during the coverage period, the report said. An example of more positive political mobilisation online was the Aam Aadmi Party, the report said.
Globally, Internet freedom declined for the fourth consecutive year. “Authoritarian and democratic leaders alike believe the Internet is ripe for regulation and passed laws that strengthen official powers to police online content,” Sanja Kelly, the project director for Freedom on the Net, said in a statement.

Major tech cos to give Ktaka govt colleges a faceliftLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Major tech cos to give Ktaka govt colleges a facelift
Government colleges in Karnataka are set to get an I-T facelift. The state is set to rope in major tech players like Wipro and Infosys for new technologies and placement training. Poornima Murali and Archana Shukla report that this move will help students get tech savvy and also earn a quick buck.
Post your opinion here
09:00 pm
Government colleges in Karnataka are set to get an I-T facelift. The state is set to rope in major tech players like  Wipro and  Infosys for new technologies and placement training. Poornima Murali and Archana Shukla report that this move will help students get tech savvy and also earn a quick buck.
14 government college students with a non-technology background will soon be a part of the Wipro team as the IT major has launched Work Integrated Learning Programme. Wipro has collaborated with BITS Pilani and Vellore Institute of Technology to train these students. Add to that, the students will also get a stipend of Rs 8 lakh over a period of 4 years.
PB Kotur Head - Wase & Wista, Wipro, said, "Wwhen we hire students, we have certain criteria. Maths based students go into BITS and non maths based get into VIT. They will have learning while earning opportunity in Wipro. During their 4 years Masters degree with respective universities, we give them a scholarship."
Apart from this learning programme for 56 government colleges, Wipro is also lining up a slew of other initiatives.
"We are also launching new programmes- data science which is very hot. We are also offering a similar programme called masters in VLSI and Embedded systems. There is another programme we are launching for diploma students. They get an opportunity to perform project work and get masters in engineering design," said Kotur.
Its not just Wipro, Infosys BPO is also sensing opportunity in this endeavour. It has already trained 50 teachers at its Mysore campus and is currently in the process of training 50 more teachers. Raghavendra K, vice president and head - human resource development, Infosys BPO told CNBC-TV18 it has joined hands with the education department in the state to expand this programme to colleges across the state. Infosys believes this will equip government college lecturers with the necessary tools and techniques to impart life-skills effectively and make students job-ready.
For the students, this is a shot at big I-T but for the I-T companies this is a very appropriate opportunity to address talent shortage and getting government colleges involved in the whole skill development process thereby bringing the entire talent pool available in government colleges within reach of big I-T.
RELATED NEWS

5 Ways to Lessen Inequality as Jobs Disappear Worldwidereddit
Wages, incomes and wealth in most countries have become more unequally distributed in recent decades. Most of us understand that this is politically dangerous. There is much less unanimity regarding how national governments should go about addressing this. I argue here that one key source of growing inequality is a softening of the demand for labor and that this changes policy debates significantly.
The connections between soft labor demand and inequality are clear. First, labor's share in many countries' national incomes has been shrinking since at least the 1980s. Second, in some developed economies, median real wages have stagnated despite economic growth. And those who derive their income predominantly from capital tend to be richer than those who get theirs from labor. Both trends increase inequality.
To better understand how to deal with softening demand for people, we must understand its causes and structure. In which economies and sectors has labor demand gone soft?
Let's begin with economies. Labor demand has softened in the West partly because poorer countries have built rival industrial capacities of their own. But labor-saving technological change (automation) probably plays an even bigger role in these economies. In developing countries, workers are being squeezed out of agriculture, but countries that grow faster (e.g., China, India and Vietnam) still find compensating increases in labor demand in other sectors. However, technology-driven trends in developed-country labor markets do tend to be replicated eventually. When this happens, the slowdown in Western labor demand could become a global phenomenon. There are already signs of it in the high rates of youth unemployment around the world.
Next, consider sectors. Perhaps surprisingly, globalization seems to have led to softer labor demand in internationally tradable sectors of the economy. Employment in most developing countries is shifting rapidly out of agriculture and manufacturing, the two most tradable sectors, and into mostly non-tradable services. Trends in developed economies are similar, except that there are already very few jobs in agriculture. It has been estimated that 98 percent of net U.S. job creation between 1990 and 2008 occurred in non-tradable sectors of the economy. This matters because the second thing that globalization seems to have done is to make jobs producing tradable goods and services much more footloose. When wages rise, the jobs move. This undercuts countries' ability to combat inequality by raising mandated wages, or introducing other pro-labor policies in tradable sectors. The tradeoff between jobs and wages should be less pronounced in non-tradable sectors.
Finally, for whom has demand gone soft? Most obviously, for less educated workers. Globally, the wages of workers with higher education have risen relative to those of high school graduates. However, in some highly-educated countries (e.g. the U.K. and U.S.), this college premium has increased more because high school graduates' wages have fallen than because college graduates' wages have risen.  Certainly, real wages for college graduates in these countries are growing more slowly than student debts. Meanwhile, in many developing economies, the returns to secondary education have declined as governments increased access to it. Beyond a point, more debt-financed higher education is not an antidote to inequality.
"As demand for labor decreases, we may need a guaranteed minimum income for all people, regardless of employment status."
Given these structural roots to inequality, what types of policies make sense? Solutions will have to be context-appropriate. However, to be effective and politically sustainable, they will require the support of those they benefit directly, and of those who fund them or think they might. In other words, they will need to be compromise solutions that appeal to left and right alike by achieving the most redistribution for the least bureaucracy and inefficiency. In that spirit, here are five ideas that might be useful for combating inequality in a world of softening labor demand.
1. Shift the tax burden off labor.
Rule one of sensible taxation is to tax most the things we need least, and to tax least those we need most. We need more jobs and fewer carbon emissions. Reducing labor income taxes while making up the lost revenue through large carbon taxes is a no-brainer. Some will complain that this is regressive and that carbon taxes are job killers. However, if cuts in labor income taxes do spur labor demand, this need not be the case. Rule two is to devise taxes that are unlikely to alter our behavior very much (unless it is bad behavior). Inheritance taxes, while not perfect, are much better than the labor income taxes they could replace in this regard. Similarly, higher capital gains taxes would probably cost fewer jobs than labor income taxes currently do, especially in countries where capital gains rates are zero.
2. Design policies that can augment incomes when many people don't have stable jobs.
Time-bound unemployment insurance becomes increasingly unwieldy as employment becomes a fluid proposition. A negative income tax or guaranteed income would offer all persons, regardless of their income or employment status, a transfer payment. Those whose tax liabilities are less than this payment would receive a tax rebate check, while those whose liabilities were more than this payment would pay their taxes net of the transfer. The beauty of such a system is that it often requires no additional bureaucracy, and it only reduces recipients' incentives to work for a living insofar as it reduces desperation (which is exactly its purpose) and does so equally for all citizens. It has long been politically popular -- Milton Friedman promoted it and Martin Luther King Jr. endorsed some version of it. And, it should work best in societies where other safety nets are the least developed -- precisely the places where soft labor demand exacts the greatest toll.
3. Redirect efforts to protect working conditions and wages at non-tradable sectors.
Protections for household servants, security guards, cleaners, gardeners and elevator operators should cost fewer jobs than protections for factory workers, whose jobs can now be off-shored. These non-tradable services will usually be demanded even at higher prices. Employees in these occupations are also amongst those most severely affected by stagnant wages and temporary employment. One can already see efforts to protect labor shifting to non-traded sectors, such as U.S. fast food workers attempting to unionize and push for higher minimum wages.
4. Make competition policy more robust.
A growing number of the world's rich, from bankers to real-estate moguls to mobile phone magnates, derive their wealth from controlling markets for goods, services and assets. Better competition policy becomes important as markets grow and cornering them becomes more lucrative. It also usually becomes more politically sellable as the numbers of consumers and smaller businesses hurt by anti-competitive practices grow.
5. Think about education policy differently.
As the stakes in the job lottery grow, priorities for education policy shift. Churning out more graduates often will not solve the unemployment problem, as even fast-growing economies like India and China are failing to generate enough jobs for all their graduates. Pursuing equality of opportunity and restoring the social contract will come to be more central objectives of education policy. Exactly what that entails and the role of the private sector in educational delivery will vary across societies, but controls on college costs, scholarships and dramatically enhancing the quality of basic education received by poorer children will clearly be important.
None of these policy suggestions are novel, and all have downsides. Recognizing that inequality has structural roots in low-labor demand does not necessarily change the menu of policy options to consider. It alters the tradeoffs between these options. Clearly, these tradeoffs are changing.
Close

South Carolina indicted three white cops in four months  and its probably not a coincidenceBy Abby Phillip December 5 Follow @abbydphillip
A sign welcomes visitors at the Eutawville, S.C., Town Hall on Dec. 4. (Randall Hill/Reuters)
In South Carolina, a state with a long and deep history of racial discrimination against African Americans, three white law enforcement officers have been indicted in recent months on charges stemming from incidents in which they shot — and in two cases, killed — unarmed black men.
So what happened? How did officers in the Palmetto State wind up being indicted while cops in New York and Ferguson, Mo. , did not?
Where can you get an indictment against cops in the US? South Carolina, apparently. http://t.co/4ez0Ni49eJ
— Jason Toney (@misterjt) December 4, 2014
The broader national climate of scrutiny surrounding Michael Brown’s death in Ferguson and Eric Garner’s in New York probably played a role.
“Each prosecutor will take whatever stance he or she thinks is appropriate,” said University of South Carolina professor Geoffrey Alpert, who studies the use of force by law enforcement. “They are political people for the most part, they have to understand that the nature of their decision is going to have a huge impact.”
Indictments in the three cases came in the last four months. The most recent was delivered on Wednesday, when a grand jury charged a former police chief, Richard Combs, with murder. The indictment came nearly four years after Combs shot and killed an unarmed black man, Bernard Bailey, outside the Eutawville, S.C., police station.
Combs, who at the time of the shooting was the department’s only officer, had been charged in 2013 with misconduct . But when a judge threw out his “stand your ground” argument, that he had justifiably used deadly force, a prosecutor asked the grand jury to consider a more serious charge.
Combs’ lawyer has accused prosecutor David Pascoe, a Democratic politician with a reputation for being “tough” and “aggressive,”  of caving to national pressures.
“He’s trying to make it racial because his timing is perfect,” attorney John O’Leary told the Associated Press. “He’s got all the national issues going on, so they want to drag him [Combs] in and say, look what a great community we are here, because we’re going to put a police officer who was doing his job in jail for 30 years. That’s wrong. That’s completely wrong.”
While the Bailey family lawyer has said that he was told months ago that a murder indictment was likely, it did not occur in a vacuum: The final decision came on the same day a grand jury in New York declined to indict a white NYPD officer in the “chokehold death” of Garner, an African American from Staten Island.
And it came a week after a grand jury in Missouri declined to indict white Ferguson police officer Darren Wilson in the shooting death of Brown, an African American teenager.
“We don’t know what brand of justice they serve in Ferguson. We don’t know what brand of justice they’re serving in New York City,” Carl B. Grant, an attorney for Bailey’s family, told the AP. “But here in South Carolina, we believe in the jury system, and we believe in what the grand jury has brought as a charge with this indictment.”
In a second case in South Carolina, a grand jury indicted North Augusta police officer Justin Craven on misdemeanor charges in the death of 68-year-old Earnest Satterwhite Sr., who was shot through the door of his car after a chase in February.
Craven, who had suspected Satterwhite of drunk driving, was not initially charged in the incident and was only reassigned to a desk job in September, after charges were filed. Prosecutors sought voluntary manslaughter charges from the grand jury, but the panel of jurors decided on a lesser misdemeanor, a decision that angered and puzzled some observers.
“It diminishes the nature of the violation of the death; this man’s life is only worth a misdemeanor,” South Carolina state Rep. Joe Neal told the Associated Press in September.
In both cases, the officers were from relatively small police jurisdictions. According to Alpert, if prosecutors are hesitant to bring charges against officers in police departments they rely on for major prosecutions, that is less likely to be the case with smaller departments. And, Alpert said, it’s easier for a prosecutor to argue that bad recruiting and training procedures in smaller departments produced bad cops. That, he said, makes it easier to present a convincing case to a grand jury.
“Particularly in these smaller towns, they hire officers who have been released or have had trouble in other jurisdictions,” said Alpert, who has advised grand juries on how to determine whether police have used force appropriately. “And it’s not just because they don’t rely on them as much, but the training isn’t as good, the whole management probably isn’t as good. They don’t have the funds to maintain the things that larger departments do.”
Still, it took six months for a grand jury to indict in the Craven case and nearly four years for an indictment in the Bailey case.
It’s no coincidence that these indictments have coincided with renewed national attention on excessive use of force.
Recent controversies have brought prosecutors under greater scrutiny for their role in pursuing charges for law enforcement officers — especially in cases that involve the use of excessive force against African Americans by white officers.
“Grand juries are certainly part of our American criminal justice system, but how they are administered is so different,” he said. “It depends on the prosecutor what information he presents. Grand juries are political entities, but they can serve as civilian review boards for these shootings if done properly.”
A third indictment in South Carolina did not go to a grand jury, but both the incident and the charges came at a high point of scrutiny of police-involved shooting incidents.
State trooper Sean Groubert’s dashboard camera captured footage of the officer firing on a black man he had stopped for a seat belt violation Sept. 4. Levar Jones, who had exited the vehicle, was reaching into the car to retrieve his driver’s license. Jones was wounded but not killed.
“What did I do? … I just got my license, you said get my license,” Jones screamed in the video. “Why did you shoot me?”
The footage went viral and became a national story. Groubert was fired and later charged with assault and battery of a high and aggravated nature.
According to the arrest warrant, Groubert “did without justification unlawfully shoot Levar Jones which produced great bodily injury or was likely to cause great bodily injury. Audio and visual recordings, as well as written statements, obtained are further evidence to indicate the shooting incident was without justification.”
Groubert pleaded not guilty and is awaiting trial.
“Law enforcement, due to the nature of their jobs, are given wide berth,” state Rep. Tommy Pope, who served 13 years as a chief prosecutor, told the AP. “But you’re sworn to certain things, and when you go outside those requirements, you can’t hide behind your badge and gun.”
According to the Post and Courier , by mid-November, there had been 37 officer-involved shootings in the state in 2014. Groubert’s case was the only one to result in an officer’s arrest.
Abby Phillip is a general assignment national reporter for the Washington Post. She can be reached at abby.phillip@washpost.com . On Twitter: @abbydphillip

Appalling stories from the DOJs investigation of the Cleveland Police DepartmentBy Emily Badger December 5 Follow @emilymbadger
U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder said Thursday that the Cleveland police department systematically engages in excessive use of force against civilians, and that a court-appointed monitor will now oversee implementation of reforms. (Reuters)
On Thursday, the Department of Justice released a scathing investigation of the Cleveland Police Department that found that officers there have engaged in a pattern of excessive and deadly force against residents — using guns, tasers, chemical spray and fists — in violation of their rights.
Investigators uncovered officers firing their guns at people who posed them no threat, using lethal force out of proportion to the resistance they met, and escalating incidents that might have been disarmed instead. The department, meanwhile, systemically failed to hold officers accountable, or even to document many of these incidents. The report is particularly stinging given that it comes a decade after the DOJ's last investigation of the Cleveland PD, when it uncovered charges "starkly similar to the findings" today.
The document is a painful, often shocking read. But it's also a good primer for anyone unconvinced of the need for police reform. Below are some of the most distressing stories documented in the report.
The DOJ found Cleveland police officers shooting at people who presented neither serious nor imminent threats. In this 2013 incident, a sergeant fired at a victim, "Anthony," fleeing a home where he was being held against his will by armed suspects:
When officers arrived on scene, they had information that two armed assailants were holding several people inside the home. After officers surrounded the house, Anthony escaped from his captors and ran from the house, wearing only boxer shorts. An officer ordered Anthony to stop, but Anthony continued to run toward the officers. One sergeant fired two shots at him, missing. According to the sergeant, when Anthony escaped from the house, the sergeant believed Anthony had a weapon because he elevated his arm and pointed his hand toward the sergeant. No other officers at the scene reported seeing Anthony point anything at the sergeant.
The sergeant’s use of deadly force was unreasonable. It is only by fortune that he did not kill the crime victim in this incident.
The report found officers striking suspects even after they had been handcuffed:
In another incident, an officer punched a handcuffed 13 year-old boy in the face several times. Officers had arrested the juvenile for shoplifting. While “Harold” was handcuffed in the zone car, he began to kick the door and kicked an officer in the leg. In response, the 300 pound, 6’4” tall officer entered the car and sat on the legs of the 150 pound, 5’8” tall handcuffed boy. Harold was pushing against the officer with his legs, but was handcuffed and posed no threat to the officer. Nevertheless, the officer continued to sit on Harold and punched him in the face three to four times until he was “stunned/dazed” and had a bloody nose.
And using their tasers inappropriately:
In one incident that illustrates CDP’s inappropriate use of Tasers, an officer used his Taser to drive stun a 127-pound juvenile twice as two officers held him on the ground. Officers believed that “Ivan” matched the description of a possible fleeing suspect wanted for harassing store customers and stealing. Officers chased Ivan on foot, caught up to him, and tackled him. The officers alleged that the 127-pound juvenile “continued to resist” as they both held him on ground, prompting one of the officers to deploy his Taser twice in the juvenile’s back in drive stun mode, even though both officers were holding him down.
In other cases, officers deployed unreasonable force against people with mental illness:
We reviewed one incident where—in response to a request for assistance—a CDP officer tased a suicidal, deaf man who committed no crime, posed minimal risk to officers and may not have understood officers’ commands. “Larry’s” mother had requested CDP’s assistance because her son, who has bipolar disorder and communicates through sign language, was holding broken glass against his neck and threatening suicide. When officers arrived, Larry went into the bathroom and sat on the edge of a half-filled tub. The officers followed and, without confirming that Larry could communicate through notes, wrote him a note saying that he needed to go to the hospital. Larry waved his hands “aggressively,” which the officers interpreted as refusal. One of the officers then grabbed Larry’s arm. Larry pulled back, “struggling” with the officer. The other officer then yelled “Taser” and pointed his finger at his Taser. Larry continued to struggle, so the officer tased Larry in his chest.
Or needing medical care:
In another incident involving the use of a Taser against a person in crisis, a CDP officer tased a man, despite the fact that he was suffering a medical emergency and was strapped onto a gurney in the back of an ambulance, because he was verbally threatening officers.
The report found officers who did not "consider carefully enough their actions" when drawing their weapons:
In one instance, an officer’s decision to draw his gun while trying to apprehend an unarmed hit-and-run suspect resulted in him accidentally shooting the man in the neck. The man was critically injured.
These stories don't even touch on the DOJ's second grave set of conclusions: that the department failed do much about such misconduct after it occurred.
It's true that police need to deploy force at times, to protect themselves and others. And many incidents — the death of Michael Brown is one of them — exist in a gray area between self defense and misconduct where it's hard to identify for certain police abuse. But the DOJ's report from Cleveland makes clear that there can also be stark lines around what's wrong, and where reform is needed.
Emily Badger is a reporter for Wonkblog covering urban policy. She was previously a staff writer at The Atlantic Cities.

Tamir Rices family files wrongful death lawsuit after fatal shooting of 12-year-old in ClevelandBy Sarah Larimer December 5 Follow @slarimer
Demonstrators block Public Square on Nov. 25, 2014, in Cleveland, during a protest over the weekend police shooting of Tamir Rice. The 12-year-old was fatally shot by a Cleveland police officer Saturday after he reportedly pulled a replica gun at the city park. (AP Photo/Tony Dejak)
The estate of a 12-year-old boy who was fatally shot while carrying a toy gun in Cleveland has filed a lawsuit against the police officers who were involved in the incident, as well as the city, court documents show.
The eight-page complaint, filed Friday in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Ohio , claims that Timothy Loehmann and Frank Garmback used excessive and unnecessary force against Tamir Rice, and caused his wrongful death.
Tamir was shot on Nov. 22  at a local park in Cleveland , when Loehmann and Garmback responded to a 911 call about a person pointing a gun. The caller noted that the firearm was “probably fake,” but that message wasn’t passed on to police, and the gun’s orange safety cap was missing.
Loehmann shot Tamir in the stomach, and the boy died early the next day. He lay on the ground without medical treatment for at least four minutes after the shooting, the lawsuit claims.
“As a direct and proximate result of the conduct of Defendants City of Cleveland, Loehmann, and Garmback, Tamir Rice suffered terror and fear as Defendants Loehmann and Garmback approached him with their cruiser and their guns,” the court filing reads. “Tamir Rice also suffered physical injury, pain, torture, emotional and psychological trauma, and eventually died as a result of the use of force and failure to provide adequate medical care described above.”
Editor's note: This video contains graphic content. The family of Tamir Rice, the 12-year-old boy who was shot and killed by police while carrying a BB gun in a Cleveland park, authorized the release of surveillance footage showing the incident. (Cleveland Police)
 
Surveillance footage released last month shows the 26-year-old Loehmann, a rookie officer who struggled at another department earlier in his law enforcement career , jumping out of a cruiser and shooting Rice within seconds of arriving on the scene.
“Young boys playing with replica guns are commonplace in America and police are expected to approach them safely if an investigation is warranted,” the complaint reads, “not shoot them dead within two seconds.”
The lawsuit lists Elizabeth Goodwin, administrator for the estate, as the plaintiff. Attorneys listed on the court filings did not immediately respond to an e-mail seeking comment. A spokesman for the city of Cleveland also did not immediately respond to a telephone message and an e-mail.

NASA s Orion takes man one step closer to MarsNASA s Orion takes man one step closer to Mars
Under fire  PGI MS blames directors office forconfusionWritten by Tanbir Dhaliwal | Chandigarh |
Posted: December 6, 2014 4:19 am
PGI Medical Superintendent Dr A K Gupta, whose three-month leave has led to a controversy, on Friday blamed the office of the institute Director Y K Chawla for creating unnecessary confusion.
Dr Gupta claimed that his leave was duly sanctioned, according to rules.
At a meeting of the PGI governing body in October, the then Union Health Minister Harsh Vardhan had reportedly expressed surprise as to how Dr Gupta had taken  extraordinary leave of three months from September 15 to December 15 without the consent of the governing body. The Union Health Minister is president of the governing body.
Dr Gupta had gone to Nepal on a WHO assignment as a hospital management specialist. He is now here for two days in connection with exam-related work.
“The Nepal Government needs improvement in every aspect of hospital management. They had requested WHO to send an expert who could advise them,” said Dr Gupta. He said he accepted the assignment only after the director gave his consent. “As per the rules, the director of the institute has full powers to permit officers of the institute to go abroad for attending meetings, conferences, seminars, workshops for short (180 days) assignments,” he claimed.
Dr Gupta said the Director’s office created confusion when it “again sent my leave application to the Health Minister for approval. In the meanwhile, I had left for Nepal. The minister might have got annoyed because he was not aware of the fact that the director has full powers.”
“Now it is up to the director’s office to deal with the situation, I am not at fault,” he added.
Deputy Director Chetan Rao, who looks after administrative work, was not available for comment.
However, sources said Dr Gupta was interpreting rules according to his convenience. “It is clearly written in the rules that for extraordinary leave’, one has to take the permission of the president of the governing body,” said an official.
“The leave of MS comes under the category of ‘extraordinary leave’. Further, how can he draw dual salary? He is taking salary from both WHO as well as from PGI,” the official added.
However, Dr Gupta said since he was on extraordinary leave, he was not drawing salary from the PGI.

4 years after accident  SC orders Punjab Police to file murdercaseWritten by Gagandeep Singh Dhillon | Mohali |
Posted: December 6, 2014 4:14 am
More than four years after a youth from Mohali and his friend died under mysterious circumstances in what the police claimed was an accident in Rajpura, the Supreme Court has directed the Punjab police to register a case of murder and passed strictures on it for ignoring a senior police officer’s report which indicated murder.
The court also directed the state to pay a compensation of Rs 2.5 lakh to the victim’s father, and held a challan already presented by the police in the case as illegal.
According to the initial investigation, Gagandeep Singh Bains, an MBA student of Thapar University and his friend Gaurav Verma died when their SUV rammed a stationary truck on the night of September 27, 2010, near Liberty chowk in Rajpura. Two of their friends, Zorawar Singh and Jaskaran Singh, suffered injuries.
However, Gagandeep’s father Gurbax Singh Bains, a Mohali-based advocate, alleged foul play in the incident and moved the Punjab and Haryana High Court. He contended that his son had been murdered and the incident has been camouflaged as an accident. He accused Zorawar, son of a former Patiala SDM, and Jaskaran of murder.
A subsequent inquiry conducted by DIG Kunwar Vijay Pratap Singh held that Gagandeep was murdered. His report indicated that a fight took place between two different parties who arrived at the spot in different cars, and that custodial interrogation of concerned persons was required.  However, the Punjab police refused to accept his report and constituted an SIT which was later disbanded by the state government. In March last year, the HC directed the state to register a case of murder, but Zorawar filed a special leave petition in the Supreme Court, which has now held the HC’s order ‘completely justified’ and dismissed his SLP.
The SupremeCourt said that despite the HC’s directions, the Punjab Police not only ignored DIG Pratap’s findings, but constituted an SIT which was disbanded by the state government. Later, another SIT was constituted which went ahead and filed a challan in the case, dismissing the incident as an accident.
Without going into the merits of the case, the court said that the challan filed by a former Mohali SP, who was part of the illegally constituted SIT, stands withdrawn. The court has directed the police to conduct a thorough investigation after registering a case of murder and also asked the Punjab Chief Secretary to hold an inquiry into the manner in which the case was dealt by the state police and submit a report.

Zuck to Cook: If you cared  iPhone would be ...'What, you think because you’re paying Apple that you’re somehow in alignment with them? If you were in alignment with them, then they’d make their products a lot cheaper!'
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
Mark Zuckerberg just slammed Tim Cook and Apple. In an interview with the Time Magazine, he said: "A frustration I have is that a lot of people increasingly seem to equate an advertising business model with somehow being out of alignment with your customers ... I think it's the most ridiculous concept. What, you think because you're paying Apple that you're somehow in alignment with them? If you were in alignment with them, then they'd make their products a lot cheaper!"
Previously, Tim Cook went after advertising-supported businesses like Google and Facebook, saying that they're not in alignment with customers because in this case, the customers serve as the product (as Google and Facebook are free and their success is based off of the collection of personal data.)
Zuckerberg has a point — the average iPhone costs over $600, while an average Android phone costs half. If Apple were on the side of consumer it would lower prices and make products broadly available.

Brands offering condoms hidden in books and ...Innovations in packaging: Brands offering condoms hidden in ‘books’ and ‘wallets’
By Rajiv Singh , ET Bureau | 6 Dec, 2014, 04.00AM IST
0
Share More
Innovations are necessary to give newness to the consumer in this category, which is normally hidden from public view at a majority of retail outlets. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Vishal Vyas, a bookworm, has always followed a thumb rule whenever it comes to buying books: "Never judge a book by its cover," he says, bursting into laughter. He knows the reason well. Vyas is the marketing manager of Chennai-based condom brand Skore, which has launched a 'book' to hide condoms, a first by any condom maker in India.
In this country where talking about sex openly is still a taboo, few ask for condoms confidently from a shop - "People may wear sex on their sleeves but they still don't flaunt condoms," quips Vyas. Condom makers are trying to find a way around. If Skore, the third largest condom brand in India, is pushing up the excitement tempo with its unique hidden pack, others too have been up to the game.
KamaSutra has Wallet packs where the major part of the couple's image remains hidden. It also boasts of Hardwear packs which are plastic packs easy to carry; Honeymoon packs that bundle condom with fun accessories such as satin blindfold and feather tickler; and Skyn that resembles a high-end perfume pack. "Consumers seek excitement in sex, and packaging innovations go a long way in giving a positive emotional appeal to the users," says Ranjukumar Mohan, director and business head at JK Ansell, the company that manufactures and sells KamaSutra condoms.
Innovations are necessary to give newness to the consumer in this category, which is normally hidden from public view at a majority of retail outlets, he adds. Condom makers, it seems, are scripting an innovative chapter to make plain rubber sexciting. They are still addressing a largely virgin condom market in India - annual sales total just about 53 lakh condoms - necessitating brands to think out of the box.
Innovation is the need of the hour, say marketing experts. With an ever-evolving sex landscape, society is becoming more open, couples are getting bold and experimentative and sexual attitude is undergoing huge transformation. "When it comes to sex, monotony sets in fast and couples looks for novelty or variety all the time," says Vyas. Skore's 'book' makes an effort to address this issue as well, while helping keep the other contents hidden. The first chapter warms up the readers with do's and don'ts on wearing a condom.
While the second chapter titillates them with various kinds of condoms, the next arouses them with adventurous sexual poses. And, the last section takes them to climax, where they get to see four packs of condoms. Priced at Rs 240, the book will be available on online store Flipkart starting Monday. It is also available on the company's own website. "The book is for free. We are charging for just four packs of condoms that's inside the book," says Vyas. Launched in November 2012, Skore has been leading the pack with innovations. Take, for instance, Skore Easy.
The water resistant pouches to dispose used condoms was launched last month. It has also rolled out India's first mobile commerce platform for buying condoms. There are Android and iOS apps as well to locate condom stores. Durex, another condom brand that has Bollywood actor Ranveer Singh as brand ambassador, is also betting big on innovations. "We will soon introduce a 'Love Pack' exclusively on Snapdeal, which will be an assortment of products and quirky merchandise," says a spokesperson for Reckitt Benckiser, which owns the brand.
Apart from flavoured variants such as strawberry, orange and banana and green apple, Durex also has a latex free condom called Real Feel. The Indian condom market is going through an interesting phase. Social segment, which has always been the dominant constituent of the overall condom market in India, fell by 6% in 2012 - currently, it makes up 40% of the condom market. The expansion of the commercial condom market means consumers are opting for brands of their choice and they are ready to pay a higher price for it.
"This also announces emergence of a new Indian buyer who is assertive and discerning enough," says Skore's Vyas. With millennial generation fiercely guarding their privacy, the 'need to hide' at least in personal living spaces might diminish, says Smitha Sarma Ranganathan, a Bangalore-based brand communication specialist. However the delirious delight of secrecy in matters of passion will prevail, she adds.

Assessing the fallout from the fall in oil pricesAssessing the fallout from the fall in oil prices
Panel to improve Railway financePanel to improve Railway finance
MCF battle hots up again  Zuari Group makes fresh offerMCF battle hots up again, Zuari Group makes fresh offer
ET Bureau Dec 6, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
BSE
(The move comes some weeks…)
MUMBAI: The Kolkata-based Zuari Group on Friday launched yet another bid to take control of Mangalore Chemicals & Fertilizers, announcing a voluntarily open offer to acquire three crore shares of the UB Group firm at Rs 91.92 each.
The move comes some weeks after unsuccessful hostile open offers from both Zuari and rival Deepak Fertilisers to buy a controlling stake in Mangalore Chemicals & Fertilizers (MCFL).
If the open offer is successful, industrialist Saroj Poddar-led Zuari group will acquire 25.90% stake in MCF for Rs 282.19 crore.
Following the announcement, shares of MCFL jumped as much as 15% to Rs 98.35 on BSE on the buzz that Deepak Fertilisers could announce a counter offer in a few days. The share closed the day at Rs 90, up 5.46% from Thursday's closing price of Rs 86.40. Deepak Fertlisers declined to comment on the market speculations.
Both Zuari, which is acting in concert with MCFL promoter Mallya, and Deepak had made open offers for the Bangaloreheadquartered chemical fertiliser maker in October.
After the offers closed on October 20, Deepak Fertilisers' stake in MCFL increased about 6% to about 32% and whereas Zuari-UB Group's combined stake stood at 38.4%.
On Friday, shares of Zuari Ago gained 4% to close at Rs 286 while Deepak Fertilisers rose 2.85% to Rs 135.50.
On Thursday, MCFL had announced the appointment of UB Group chairman Vijay Mallya's step-mother Ritu Mallya as a director of the firm with immediate effect. The move came within four days of liquor baron Mallya's resignation as MCFL chairman.
  Mallya has been under pressure to resign from all directorships after United Bank of India declared him a wilful defaulter in September for nonpayment of dues. Some other banks too have threatened to take similar steps even as the Kolkata High Court has stayed United Bank's decision.
The battle for MCFL between Deepak Fertilisers and Zuari Group started in April 2013 when the latter bought about 10% stake in MCFL through the open market. In July 2013, Deepak Fertilisers acquired a 24.46% stake in the firm. After this, Zuari Group increased its stake to 16.43% in the same month.
During the last day of price revision of the previous open offer, Deepak Fertilisers revised its offer price to Rs 93.60 per share from Rs 63 while Zuari Group revised it from Rs 68.55 to Rs 81.60.
A sharp rise in the stock price of MCFL during the previous open offer had raised eyebrows in the investment community and some market participants alleged that some white knight had accumulated shares in the company on behalf of someone to make sure the open offer failed.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Hillary Clinton Remarks at Saban ForumHELP
[{"id":20969244,"hedshort":"EXPLORE.org - Underwater Penguin Swim Cam","description":"The exhibit features Magellanic penguins, some of which were rescued from Brazil where they were stranded outside their native habitat.","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/explore_AppleTV_20140725_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"EXPLORE.org - Underwater Penguin Swim Cam","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/explore_AppleTV_20140725_16x9_608.jpg"},{"id":14519615,"hedshort":"RADAR - Storms on US West Coast","description":"VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUweather80F196_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"RADAR - Storms on US West Coast","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUweather80F196_16x9_608.jpg"}]

Don t take bookings for one month  SpiceJet toldDon t take bookings for one month  SpiceJet told
Morgan Stanley slashes Brent price forecastsMorgan Stanley slashes Brent price forecasts
Organizers using social media  networks to plan New York protestsOrganizers using social media  networks to plan New York protests
I am suggesting profit booking at resistance when seen. so keep an eye...Platinum Member
1346 Followers
I am suggesting profit booking at resistance when seen. so keep an eye on daily end of day bar chart.
when u see toping patterns develp.
fire.
I have no idea abt its basic business. I suggested on the basis of some key principals of investing.It does not hurt to get UR capital out at the right time and ride on the rest till it exhausts or reverses. One can redeploy that capital somewhere else.
Enjoy UR VK END.
In reply to : BullSwap message
5.51 AM Dec 6th

Nice to see you getting positive on reiPlatinum Member
58 Followers
The rundown from 15 says it all......this movement was contrary ro expectations at that time which was based on info in public domain. Now all that value has melted and evoporated....the results published from Q3 2013-14 have exposed the inherent weakness.Everyone seems to be betting on the elusive HIDDEN VALUE that i am not sure of.Anamolies in AMMALAY will be known only when the consolidated results are out...U may know that for FY 2013-14, the Auditors have given a DISCLAIMER on consolidated statements. I would agree with U if the info now known to us is any indication.
In reply to : kalpeshuser message
2.42 PM Dec 5th

Aindia and all our friends gm  a very interesting article on "liverail...Platinum Member
550 Followers
Thanks Tomar, hope you have settled well in your new job and all is well. I feel that an inorganic addition is now inevitable for LIL.
In reply to : llttomar message
8.51 AM Dec 6th

@piddo  latent and hidden current hai. patent potent hai aur manifest...New Member
7 Followers
Dear BG, any particular reason TM will touch new highs next week? It is about 116 Rs. below its 52 week high of 2734. So you expect it to jump by more than Rs. 120 in the next 2 trading days? Any reason for such optimism?
Your help and advise will be greatly appreciated as I bought TM at 2680 and was worried with the steep fall today but am still holding my position aniticipating a bounce back soon.
10 days back it made a low of 2601 and bounced back from there to 2704. Today too it made a low of 2610. Hoping this correction in IT stocks and TM is short lived and we get a smart recovery next week.
In reply to : bullguru108 message
2.06 PM Dec 6th

Be ambitious at LimaWritten by Jyoti Parikh , Kirit Parikh |
Posted: December 5, 2014 12:41 am | Updated: December 5, 2014 3:07 pm
This week, the climate community gathered in Lima, Peru, for two-week-long deliberations on what to do about climate change on the heels of the US-China declaration last month. Hailed by The New York Times as a landmark agreement and denounced by environmental lobbies as window dressing, the joint declaration by the US and Chinese presidents has accomplished one of its unstated goals: that of reducing pressure on themselves and putting pressure on other countries, especially India. Thus, the conference of parties (CoP) at Lima is of considerable importance to India.
The US-China declaration says that the US will, by 2025, reduce its greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions by 26-28 per cent over 2005 levels, while China will peak its emissions by 2030 or before, and 20 per cent of its energy will come from non-fossil sources.
Let’s consider what the Chinese declaration implies. China’s emissions in 2011 were 10.55 gigatonnes (Gt). Over 2010 and 2011, it added 0.87 Gt annually to its already high emissions. By a conservative estimate, China’s emissions will reach about 18 to 20 Gt per year when it peaks by 2030. With a projected population of 1.39 billion in 2030, this implies emissions of 13.25 tonnes per capita, a substantial increase over its current level. So China has promised to be a considerable burden in the carbon space in future.
Now for what the US has promised. America’s emissions in 2005 were 6.9 Gt and with a population of 296 million, the per capita emissions were 23.3 tonnes. With a 28 per cent reduction in 2030, emissions will be around 5 Gt, and with its projected population of 355 million, per capita emissions will be 14 tonnes. Since the EU has promised to reduce its emission by 40 per cent by 2030, the per capita emissions of China would be more than that of the US and EU combined.
Also, declaring a peaking year is a half-measure. How would China’s emissions decline after 2030? What would China’s emissions in 2050 be? China has said nothing on the subject, and neither has the US. For a serious attempt to constrain the impact of climate change to 2 degrees Celsius by 2050, both need to reduce per capita emissions to 2 to 3 tonnes by 2050. In fact, China’s total emissions in 2030 may well be twice as large as that of the US and EU combined. Also, the total emissions of China, the EU and the US in 2030 will be more than their emissions in 2011. Thus, no progress towards reducing the threat of climate change will have been made.
All we can be thankful for is that things could have been worse. Both the US and China need to make stronger commitments. The US should target a reduction continued…

Dividend or nightmareWritten by Santosh Mehrotra |
Posted: December 5, 2014 12:22 am | Updated: December 5, 2014 5:15 am
How many jobs must be created to realise our demographic dividend (or avoid a nightmare)? Half of India’s population is below 25. The worst-case scenario is that enough jobs are not created for the millions entering the labour force each year, and that this semi-educated mass becomes a force driving social conflict.
The reason that East Asian countries (especially China) rode the wave of the demographic dividend and dramatically reduced poverty is that they rapidly created jobs for those with education joining the labour force, as well as those leaving agriculture for better opportunities in industry and services, especially in export-oriented manufacturing.
But now that international demand has collapsed, India will have to rely to a greater extent on domestic demand to create jobs. Can the government’s “Make in India” programme lead to private industry and the service sector creating enough jobs to absorb those entering the labour force?
Fearmongers will tell you that 12 million persons are joining the labour force every year — or that one million entrants must be provided jobs every month ( that’s 30,000 new jobs a day). This myth-creating number derives from a misinterpretation of the National Sample Survey (NSS) estimate that 60 million people entered the labour force in the first half of the last decade, implying that the same number of people have been entering the labour force ever since. This is the modern version of the earlier scare that “population growth will overwhelm India’s economic growth”.
Population growth has slowed to 1.4 per cent per year. In fact, the zero-six age population was not higher in 2011 than in 2001. The implication is that though the population that crosses over into the working-age group is growing, it is doing so at a slowing pace. India’s demographic dividend will end in 25 years at most.
So, how many industrial and service-sector jobs need to be created every year over the eight year period, 2011-12 (the year of the last NSS estimate) to 2019-20 (the terminal year of the new government’s tenure)?
To set the upper limit of the labour force size, we assumed that the labour force participation rate of those with secondary-and-above education would, instead of remaining the same, increase by 5 percentage points. In that case, the size of the labour force would increase by about 63.6 million, an average of 7.8 million per annum. Providing employment to this number is achievable, since in the period 2004-05 to 2011-12, 7.5 million jobs were created in industry and services (the same as over 1999-2000 to 2004-05).
The number of jobs that “Make in India” must create is nowhere close continued…

Prime ministers choiceWritten by Brinda Karat |
Posted: December 5, 2014 12:18 am
The prime minister was forced to break his silence on the hate speech made by his minister, Niranjan Jyoti, by the strong protests of the opposition in the Rajya Sabha. He had to come on record against such speeches. He was present in the Lok Sabha the day before, when the demand for her resignation had been raised. He refused to say a word. The difference in his approach in the two Houses is not difficult to fathom. In the Lok Sabha, his party has the numbers. It can steamroll everything through. In the Rajya Sabha, if the opposition unites, as they rightly did on such a sensitive issue, the prime minister is forced to respond.
Just as the minister’s expression of regret, for whatever it was worth, was forced by the outrage inside and outside Parliament, so was the prime minister’s criticism of the “language used” by her. It is strange that the prime minister advises “grace” in accepting her apology. The national interest demands that he send a strong message by asking her to resign, gracefully or otherwise. If it is the prerogative of the prime minister to choose his ministers, it is also his responsibility to ensure the first principle of good governance, namely, accountability.
If the prime minister’s statement was not taken at face value and the Rajya Sabha did not function even after his statement, it is also because hate speech is not an aberration or an exception.
It was made in the context of the campaign by Niranjan Jyoti’s party for the Delhi elections. In the last two months, the capital has seen the flaring up of two communal incidents in Trilokpuri and Bawana. In both cases, the involvement of BJP leaders has been reported. In the run up to the Lok Sabha elections in UP, similar tactics of creating communal polarisation were successfully utilised by the BJP, following the “riots for votes” mantra. At that time, it was Amit Shah who led the campaign. The Election Commission had banned him from addressing rallies in UP during the elections after he made a series of highly provocative speeches, which further intensified, as they were designed to, the polarisation that had reportedly been engineered under his guidance in Muzaffarnagar. The ban was lifted only after he gave a written undertaking that he would not use “abusive or derogatory language”.
What happened to him? He was promoted as BJP president. After he became chief, did he warn his party against committing the same crime he was banned for?
On the contrary, as president, he deputed five-term BJP MP Adityanath as chief campaigner in the UP by-elections. Adityanath, with his known history of making inflammatory speeches against Muslims, was not sent there to preach universal brotherhood. He did continued…

Euro rallies after ECB keeps powder dryEuro rallies after ECB keeps powder dry
Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/14ed1f00-7b5f-11e4-87d4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Upstream superpowersWritten by Sanjib Baruah |
Posted: December 5, 2014 12:48 am
On November 23, the first power-generating unit of the Zangmu hydropower complex on the Yarlung Tsangpo or the Brahmaputra in China’s Tibet Autonomous Region became operational. The 510 MW Zangmu dam is not as large as some of China’s other large dams, or those that India is building or planning to build on the Yarlung Tsangpo/ Brahmaputra river system. Zangmu, however, underscores the limited channels of cooperation that exist between India and China to govern the rivers they share. Until recently, Indian officials relied on satellite images of construction sites to learn about China’s plans. It took the Chinese some time to acknowledge the existence of dam-building projects on the Yarlung Tsangpo. Things have improved since. But there is no water sharing agreement between India and China. Nor is one on the horizon.
As an “up-stream superpower”, China avoids multilateral entanglements. More than two-thirds of the 40 major transboundary rivers that flow through China and 16 other countries originate in China. China was one of three countries to vote against the adoption by the UN General Assembly of the 1997 UN Convention on the Law of the Non-Navigational Uses of International Watercourses , which seeks to strike a balance between upstream and downstream interests. The convention commits state parties to the utilisation of transboundary rivers in “an equitable and reasonable manner” and requires them to take “all appropriate measures to prevent the causing of significant harm” to co-riparians. India abstained in that vote.
China has since signed bilateral agreements with a number of co-riparians. But as Selina Ho of the National University of Singapore points out, while China has been willing to cooperate with southeast Asian countries on the Mekong, it has not been as forthcoming with India on the Brahmaputra. Ho attributes it to the historical animosity between the two countries, the territorial disputes and “the incongruence between China’s traditional perception of India as a regional power without global reach and India’s growing status as a rival for influence and resources worldwide”. It is not surprising that potential conflicts between India and China feature prominently in most scenarios of future “water wars”.
A day after Zangmu became operational, a Chinese foreign ministry spokesperson was asked about its impact on downstream countries like India and Bangladesh. China is “always responsible in developing and utilising transboundary rivers,” asserted Hua Chunying. China, she added, shares hydrological data with India as per a 2013 MoU. That, she said, would continue, as would cooperation in forecasting floods and the handling of emergencies.
India can hardly take umbrage at Chinese projects. Chinese and Indian policies on the Yarlung Tsangpo/ Brahmaputra river system have been more alike than different. India adopts an upstream strategy not only with regard to continued…

Independent or interdependentWritten by T M Luhrmann |
Posted: December 5, 2014 12:05 am
AMERICANS and Europeans stand out from the rest of the world for our sense of ourselves as individuals. We like to think of ourselves as unique, autonomous, self-motivated, self-made. People in the rest of the world are more likely to understand themselves as interwoven with other people — as interdependent, not independent. In such social worlds, your goal is to fit in and adjust yourself to others, not to stand out. People imagine themselves as part of a larger whole — threads in a web, not lone horsemen on the frontier. In America, we say that the squeaky wheel gets the grease. In Japan, people say that the nail that stands up gets hammered down.
These are broad brush strokes, but the research demonstrating the differences is remarkably robust and it shows that they have far-reaching consequences. The social psychologist Richard E. Nisbett and his colleagues found that these different orientations towards independence and interdependence affected cognitive processing. For example, Americans are more likely to ignore the context, and Asians to attend to it.
Another social psychologist, Hazel Rose Markus, asked people arriving at San Francisco International Airport to fill out a survey and offered them a handful of pens to use, for example four orange and one green; those of European descent more often chose the one pen that stood out, while the Asians chose the one more like the others. Markus and her colleagues found that these differences could affect health. Negative affect — feeling bad about yourself — has big, persistent consequences for your body if you are a Westerner. Those effects are less powerful if you are Japanese, possibly because the Japanese are more likely to attribute the feelings to their larger situation and not to blame themselves. There’s some truth to the modernisation hypothesis — that as social worlds become wealthier, they also become more individualistic — but it does not explain the persistent interdependent style of Japan, South Korea and Hong Kong.
In May, the journal Science published a study, led by a young University of Virginia psychologist, Thomas Talhelm, that ascribed these different orientations to the social worlds created by wheat farming and rice farming. Rice is a finicky crop. Because rice paddies need standing water, they require complex irrigation systems that have to be built and drained each year. One farmer’s water use affects his neighbour’s yield. A community of rice farmers needs to work together in tightly integrated ways. Not wheat farmers. Wheat needs only rainfall, not irrigation. To plant and harvest it takes half as much work as rice does, and substantially less continued…

Remember When Fox News Used To Pretend It Wasn t A Political OperationRemember When Fox News Used To Pretend It Wasn't A Political Operation?
Posted:
reddit
Ten years ago, documentary maker Robert Greenwald released a film with a controversial premise: Fox News Channel is not a reliable media outlet but rather a partisan political operation.
At the time “ Outfoxed: Rupert Murdoch’s War on Journalism ” came out, Fox News (slogan: "Fair & Balanced") was widely considered part of the normal media. Sure, the cable channel was known to lean conservative, and some of its primetime hosts, such as Bill O’Reilly, were clearly conservative in their personal views. But the network worked extremely hard to distinguish between its opinionated evening hosts and its fair and balanced correspondents and daytime anchors. Its reputation was policed by a ferocious public relations team that scoured the media for any references to Fox as right-leaning or conservative, demanding corrections or clarifications.
Since 2004, Fox has dropped the pretense. “I want to elect the next president,” Fox News honcho Roger Ailes said in 2010 .
On the 10-year anniversary of his film, The Huffington Post spoke with Greenwald about what it’s been like to take on Fox News, the Koch brothers, Walmart and, more recently, President Barack Obama. This interview has been edited for clarity and vanity.
Was "Outfoxed" controversial at the time?
It was not only controversial, but we were attacked -- including by Democratic elected officials and liberal folks who said, “Oh, they're not that bad. That's just one or two commentators.” What we had done that hadn't been done was extensive monitoring and having those amazing volunteers spend weeks and months collecting clips. And then as more and more people saw the film, slowly things began to change.
But it also was a different media environment. There was no Huffington Post, no MSNBC, and almost every TV or radio interview I did initially was centered on these critical attacks. Again, over time that shifted, but it was initially a challenge.
What was it about the media and political environment that allowed things to happen on Fox that people never noticed? What has changed?
Well, I think it's two things. One is that people began to understand in general this is what they do, and then a whole -- I mean this in a good way -- a whole industry of people who watch Fox, who criticize Fox and attack Fox, call out Fox, has been built. And that's been very helpful. We were just absolutely thrilled to see so many children spawned from the "Outfoxed" movie who now have spent years taking them on and really totally changing people's perception.
How have you seen Fox respond to that?
Initially with the film it was actually quite interesting, because the first couple of days, O'Reilly particularly and others were trashing me and trashing the show. And clearly they got a memo: Shut up. Which is generally their approach when they don't want to respond to criticism. ... What they generally do is they bully people, and they got away with it for a while. They would bully other journalists, threaten them and said they will cut off access.
But today they have been pretty much in the bunkers with the tea party, and their ratings are fine and they're charging enough to all the other cable companies. So they don't really seem particularly worried about keeping up the appearance that they aren't fair and balanced.
I referred to them as a “conservative news outlet” in print in 2007 or 2008 when writing for Politico, and they complained for days and kept asking for corrections. I don't ever hear about that kind of thing happening with Fox anymore.
I think they have accepted it and gone even further with some of their folks appearing at tea party rallies. I'm sure part of it was ideological and part of it was business. I feel that they were afraid that being painted as too partisan would cost them with viewers, it would cost them with access to cable companies and with advertisers. That’s no longer the universe we are in, so it doesn't seem to matter. The challenge for them will be the aging of the audience.
Is there any comparison between the reaction to some of your more recent productions and the reaction to the Fox film?
When we got attacked by the Koch brothers [over the 2012 documentary "Koch Brothers Explosed,"] we had gone out before anyone knew who Koch was. They took out these little ads, Internet ads, with a picture of me -- and I'm not going to win any beauty contest to begin with -- but anyway they found a photo and made me look like a really scary terrorist. It said -- I don't really remember, but it's a series of insults in these little ads and my picture, and it would follow you all over the Internet. So it was my daughter who came to me and said, "Papa, every place I go online I see a picture of you." It was irritating at the time. It reminded me of a Fox technique in the sense that they were personalizing it and they were going right at me and they were spending money to do it.
It was a little different and somewhat similar with Walmart when I did the Walmart film [a 2005 documentary titled "Wal-Mart: The High Cost of Low Price"]. Walmart set up a war room, and they financed a whole pro-Walmart film to go after it. They too personalized it when they found every bad review I have ever gotten on every commercial, TV or movie -- and I have gotten plenty of bad reviews. I couldn't figure out why they were doing that and why the Koch brothers were doing it, and then we sought out some research and found out that they actually hire political folks, something you do in political campaigns, where you go out and smear the opposing candidate.
You've also taken on liberals with " Rethink Afghanistan ," " Unmanned: America's Drone Wars " and " War on Whistleblowers ," which challenged the Obama administration on a range of foreign policy issues.
I was surprised at the Afghanistan response. I've been to Afghanistan. It's in the middle of this horrible war, but if you're in Kabul for a day and you look around, you see the poverty, people with little to eat, no health care, teachers and this obvious stuff. It doesn't take a genius to see that these things are needed, and then you see our incredibly expensive military and tanks rolling down the street with people cowering in fear. So I get back with that in mind. It seemed very evident and clear to me that it wasn't civil war, it wasn't life, it wasn't a question of security.
When we did the first short pieces and then the [2009] film around "Rethink Afghanistan," this was soon after Obama was in office, and the nature of the attacks was the strongest we've ever had from liberals, from the Democratic Party and, frankly, funders. It was the biggest single hit to our funding that we ever took. People were saying, "Obama's in office" and "How could you do this?" That was one of the reasons we were asked to leave the Democracy Alliance .
So that response surprised me. With drones, I knew that people would be unhappy. Sadly with drones -- unlike Afghanistan, where you could say a lot of it was [George W.] Bush -- drones was and is President Obama. But I think that by then [in 2013,] the bloom was off and so people were upset, but they weren't as angry. They didn't want to attack me or cut off our funding.
What about the documentary on whistleblowers?
With "Whistleblowers" [in 2013], we had so many reputable journalists at the time. You have all those great people -- Dana Priest and Jane Mayer and Bill Keller, who is hardly a radical -- that it made it harder for people to say, "Oh, Obama’s really doing the right thing." Also, I think by then it was clearer and clearer to liberals and others that the president was not going to challenge national security policy in any way and that he seemed to be quite supportive of expanding its power in multiple ways.
More:

India s World Cup 2011 class disbandedMore
The disbanding of India's class of 2011
India at the 2015 World Cup will be minus the solid core of players that carried them through the years between World Cups 2003 and 2011 - those players, it is now confirmed, had run their course by end of the victorious 2011 campaign.
By Abhishek Purohit | ESPNcricinfo –  Sat 6 Dec, 2014 10:24 AM IST
0
A bridge too far for the class of 2011.
"Now we can close the chapter. We need to build a team again." These were MS Dhoni's words after India won the 2011 World Cup. The remnants of the class of 2003, who had suffered the shock of the 2007 first-round exit, had run their course by 2011 in his eyes.
The absence of Virender Sehwag , Gautam Gambhir , Yuvraj Singh , Zaheer Khan and Harbhajan Singh in the list of 30 probables for the 2015 World Cup marks the formal closing of that chapter. Somewhere you knew this was likely to be a formality, that a replay was unlikely. None of the five has played an ODI in 2014. Zaheer has not since August 2012, Harbhajan since as far back as June 2011. And barring an injury to an eventually shortlisted player, and extraordinary form shown by one of the five, none of them is going to Australia and New Zealand.
Sachin Tendulkar has retired. Sreesanth has been banned for life. Ashish Nehra and Munaf Patel have drifted so far back in memory it is hard to believe they are still playing domestic cricket. Yusuf Pathan and Piyush Chawla have fallen somewhere in the crevice between potential and performance. The class of 2011 has been well and truly disbanded.
Only four have made it through to the 2015 list. Of them, Suresh Raina and R Ashwin had bit roles in 2011. Virat Kohli was the future steadily becoming the present. Dhoni was not there in 2003, but he went through the humiliation of 2007, and is the last remaining link to that chapter he talked about in 2011. For the rest, all we have for now are memories.
Sehwag started the 2011 World Cup with 175 against Bangladesh. Gambhir ended it with 97 in the final. Yuvraj, soon to go undergo treatment for cancer, carried India on his shoulders in between with bat and ball. Zaheer gave us the knuckle ball and took the most wickets in the tournament. With young Ashwin a popular choice for playing ahead of him, Harbhajan came out India's most economical bowler.
The second ODI double-hundred. Six sixes in an over. Probably the most under-rated but significant innings in a World Cup final. Sehwag, Yuvraj and Gambhir have made 21,840 ODI runs among themselves. Zaheer and Harbhajan have taken a collective 541 ODI wickets. Yuvraj has 111, Sehwag 96. Staggering as these numbers are, they were also a major part of the narrative of Indian one-day cricket for more than a decade. They took the class of 2011 that one last step ahead of the class of 2003. They had fallen at the final hurdle eight years ago, they were not going to let that happen again. They finished under Dhoni what had begun under Ganguly.
Four of these five had made their international debuts by 2000. By the time the World Cup came to India, they weren't young anymore. The class of 2011 was possibly one of the most unathletic to win a global tournament. The combination of Zaheer, Nehra and Munaf is as big a fielding liability as your pace attack can become. The senior batsmen were not quick either. India were expected to be run ragged and almost lost after posting 338 against England in Bangalore before escaping with a tie.
"We could have defended this total if we had a better fielding side," Dhoni had said bluntly, "but we have to make do with what we have got." And make do they did, giving it everything in the knockouts. Ageing bodies threw themselves around on the field, saving singles, cutting off boundaries, so much that the might of the Australian line-up was restricted to 260 in the quarter-final. It led coach Gary Kirsten to say it was the best fielding performance he had seen from the Indian team in his three years with them.
After the semi-final win against Pakistan, Dhoni said all he hoped for now was for his tired, not-so-young men to hold up for one more game. "After that, even if some of the cars fall down, it is okay," he had said, using one of his automobile metaphors.
The cars drove through the biggest match of them all without stalling all right, and then, one by one, they started to sputter to a stop.
The Hyderabad Test against Australia in March 2013 was the previous time Harbhajan and Sehwag played for India. Ashwin took five wickets in Australia's second innings, Ravindra Jadeja three. Harbhajan, considerably underbowled, could not manage a single wicket in ten overs against a side that had no clue against spin throughout the series.
Sehwag, uncharacteristically, tried biding his time in search of some form. On 6, he nicked his 19th delivery behind. He did not get a second innings as Australia crumbled.
Gambhir had a woeful time on Test comeback in England in August this year with 25 runs in four attempts. His second innings at The Oval lasted 19 balls, just like Sehwag's had. A suicidal dash after plenty of jitters ended in a run-out for 3.
Zaheer's speed dipped to the early 120s often in New Zealand in February 2014, but he kept running in, not lacking in effort. Out of nowhere, he reduced the hosts to 52 for 3 in the second innings in Wellington before Brendon McCullum made 302 and kept India on the field for 210 overs. Zaheer, 35 then, bowled 51 of those, the most he had bowled in an innings in 92 Tests. He is past 36 now, and working his way through yet another injury.
Yuvraj's struggle has been the most palpable. His fight to again be the player he once was culminated in an excruciatingly laboured effort in the 2014 World T20 final. He hasn't played for India since. Perhaps he never will again.
Perhaps none of the five will. They are among the finest players India has ever produced. There have not been any farewells or retirements yet, and no one will grudge any of the five the luxury of the former. There has just been a gradual, seemingly irreversible decline. Perhaps this is how the chapter was supposed to close. On the immortal class of 2011.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

"Reformed" or Not  Corporate Handouts in Trade Agreements Are as Dangerous as Everreddit
This blog post was co-writen by Cecile Toubeau, Policy Officer at Transport & Environment .
Two proposed trade deals -- the Canada-European Union Comprehensive Trade and Economic Agreement (CETA), and the United States-European Union Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP) -- have attracted widespread international criticism by threatening to give unrivaled, unfettered "investment" rights to multinational corporations, including the world's worst polluters. While the text of CETA has been finalized and made public and TTIP is in an earlier phase of secretive negotiations, both still require formal ratification . It's not too late -- the EU, U.S. and Canada should eliminate corporate-empowering rules from trade agreements rather than falsely claim that the rules have been "reformed" for the better.
Can the Devil be Reformed?
The European Union and Canada recently released the text of their proposed free trade deal, and it is a gift to multinational corporations. Like TTIP, CETA has attracted widespread public criticism for including so-called investment rules that, in past deals, have allowed corporations to demand billions of dollars in compensation for public interest policies that corporations allege reduce their profits. These rules have empowered corporations to sue governments (and therefore taxpayers) in private trade tribunals over hazardous waste safeguards, fracking bans, nuclear energy phase-outs, and minimum wage policies, prompting international outrage and resistance.
The European Commission and the Canadian government have promised that CETA's investment rules would be an improvement over those in past deals. However, a November 2014 report , "Trading Away Democracy," reveals that these corporate handouts are as strong as ever in CETA. Its investor-state dispute settlement (ISDS) rules would continue to allow "investors" (typically multinational corporations) to bypass national courts and force the public to pay for risky corporate behavior.
The report finds that the so-called ISDS "reforms" in CETA will not prevent abuse by investors and arbitrators, and that these proposed tweaks fall short of providing protection to governments and the public. CETA, in fact, makes Canada, the EU, and its member states even more vulnerable to being sued by corporations over public interest policies. The weak reforms in CETA also provide a glimpse into the sorts of investment rules that we can expect in the TTIP.
CETA's "reforms," detailed below, will not prevent corporations from suing governments over policies that protect communities and the environment, and there remains no justification for including ISDS in new trade agreements.
Reforms = More Corporate Empowerment
1) A key CETA reform the EU extols is that arbitrators can decide if a case is frivolous or unfounded. This is a conflict of interest, since the same arbitrators' income depends on cases moving forward, and they have a vested economic interest in ensuring that corporations' claims do indeed seem legitimate. Arbitrators can make hundreds of millions of dollars overseeing a single case. Allowing them to choose whether a case is frivolous is like allowing a car salesman to determine whether you need a car. To date, not one case has ever been dismissed as frivolous, even though some existing treaties allow for it.
2) Because governments acknowledge that the independence of arbitrators is problematic, CETA is proposing to solve this with a code of conduct, and proposes that the International Bar Association (IBA) code of conduct will ensure impartiality and prevent conflict of interest. However, this provision in practice does nothing to address the fact that these private commercial arbitrators have no fixed salaries (to put a cap on their eagerness to approve new cases). It also does not address the inherent conflict of interest whereby "arbitrators" can also work as attorneys or lobbyists for multinational corporations on the side.
3) Most national courts have a system of reviewing court decisions; investment tribunals do not allow this. The reformed ISDS in CETA ostensibly includes an appeal clause; however the language is vague and non-binding. This type of nebulous language around appeal systems has been discussed and included in other investment treaties for the last 10 years with no results.
It's Time to Throw Out ISDS
The European Commission is very pleased with the reforms put in place in CETA, and plans to adopt a similar approach with the US-EU trade deal (TTIP). Through CETA and TTIP, mega-corporations in all three regions -- Canada, the U.S., and Europe -- would have new ability to demand billions of dollars in compensation for public interest policies.
The controversies around ISDS have pushed the European Commission to undertake a public consultation -- an online questionnaire -- on how to deal with ISDS, essentially looking for a sign-off to continue using the CETA ISDS reform model. While the results are still pending, an interim report demonstrates that nearly all respondents (99 percent) stated that they did not approve of the mechanism and did not agree with its inclusion in CETA or TTIP. Public consultations in Canada and the U.S. would likely reveal similar levels of distrust in ISDS, if the Canadian and U.S. governments engaged the public in a similar consultation -- which they have given no indication of doing.
Multinational corporations are hardly without means, and already possess tools to evaluate risk, seek awards in national courts, take out private insurance, and participate in public investment guarantees. Governments should be protecting their ability to protect people and the environment -- not giving away this power to please multinational corporations.
"Reformed" or not, ISDS in TTIP and CETA remains as threatening as ever, and it's high time our governments acknowledge that ISDS has no place in these trade deals.
Follow Courtenay Lewis on Twitter: www.twitter.com/courtenay_lewis
More:

India forex reserves up $ 1.432 billion to $ 316.311 billionYou are here: Home > Collections > Currency
India forex reserves up $ 1.432 billion to $ 316.311 billion
PTI Dec 6, 2014, 03.52AM IST
Tags:
assets
(The country's reserves…)
MUMBAI: The country's reserves surged by $ 1.432 billion to $ 316.311 billion in the week to November 28 due to rise in foreign currency assets , RBI data showed today.
In the previous week, reserves had declined by $ 672.4 million to $ 314.878 billion. The foreign currency assets, a major constituent of overall reserves, increased by $ 1.424 billion to $ 290.822 billion, RBI said.
Foreign currency assets, expressed in dollar terms, include the effect of appreciation and depreciation of non-US currencies such as the euro, pound and yen held in reserves.
The country's gold reserves remained unchanged at $ 19.738 billion.
Special Drawing Rights (SDRs) increased by $ 6.4 million to $ 4.229 billion, while the country's reserve position with the IMF also rose by $ 2.5 million to $ 1.521 billion during the week, the RBI data showed.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Agency: 6 Workers Inhaled Uranium at Wyoming MineIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Government clears 10 proposals for manufacturing defence equipmentGovernment clears 10 proposals for manufacturing defence equipment
ET Bureau Dec 6, 2014, 01.26PM IST
(The licensing committee…)
NEW DELHI: The government has cleared 10 proposals for manufacturing defence equipment and explosives, besides several industrial licences of companies including Tata Motors, Punj Lloyd and Pipavav that had been pending for the past several years.
The licensing committee chaired by the department of industrial policy and promotion (DIPP) secretary Amitabh Kant on Tuesday cleared most of the 35 projects listed for grant of industrial licence.
Applications for defence production from major players like Piramal Systems and Technologies, Bharti Shipyard, Tata Motors, M&M, Bharti Shipyards, Punj Lloyd and Pipavav got approval, along with the permission to procure foreign direct investment.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sure mammu ...when i came here about 15 months back you & ms we...Gold Member
52 Followers
HS, I totally second your opinion and thoughts. All of us are adults and well-educated and not mouth-feeding children to get cheated by the sugar-coated words of any one here and asking us to buy this stock and that stock. Every time, we read so many msgs saying that no innocent investors should be taken for a ride and hence these ‘saviours’ are coming to their rescue!  I have to inform those saviours that look,gentlemen, we have studied, done research about the stock and then bought the stocks. Every investor should do this and not just follow the advice of any boarder, be it senior or junior. So, there is no need of a protector for any one here.
Secondly, we have very well understood about HS, Alpha, Kavi, Dando, Aindia, Tomar, Bullbuffet and other respected boarders, who are so much dedicated, loyal and honest that nothing can change our opinion about them. This is not a blind belief, gentlemen, it is out of our total self-conviction and experience with them over last one year. In short, we can well identify the “water-milk” from the genuine milk.
Wishing good luck to all investor-brothers.... MKV

Last 1 yr good result..it is coming to top   very soonCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Lessthan book value h2 eps will be 40% less as per crude fall. approx ...8 Followers
lessthan book value
h2 eps will be 40% less as per crude fall. approx eps for 14-15 will be 30-35.expected dividend will be 12-15.
buy with notion of 3 years. not for short term.
6.21 AM Dec 6th  | Track

Global markets:---european markets finished broadly higher today with ...Platinum Member
486 Followers
GLOBAL MARKETS:---European markets finished broadly higher today with shares in Germany leading the region. The DAX is up 2.39% while France`s CAC 40 is up 2.21% and London`s FTSE 100 is up 0.95%.
6.20 AM Dec 6th  | Track

Dropping oil prices squeeze Alaskas budgetLow oil prices are bringing a mountain of budget troubles to Alaska's state government.  (Photo by Nikki Kahn/The Washington Post)
What U.S. state is as hooked on oil revenues as Venezuela, Iran, or Russia?
Alaska.
Plunging oil prices have blown a huge hole in the budget of the oil-rich state, where in recent years taxes on oil production have covered more than half the total budget ($13.5 billion including federal funds and capital projects) and 90 percent of the state's discretionary spending ($6.5 billion to run agencies and schools). Now, with prices under $70 a barrel, the budget deficit could balloon to more than $3 billion, about half of the state’s discretionary spending level.
In his inaugural address earlier this week, Gov. Bill Walker recounted his impoverished childhood and his family’s determination to make ends meet after losing almost everything in the 1964 earthquake. It was an allegory for Alaska's current situation. “Today, oil is hovering around $70 a barrel,” he said. “We’re heading into some lean times. There is no reason we cannot turn that around.”
Turning it around could be difficult. Ever since the giant Prudhoe Bay oil field starting production in 1977, Alaska has relied heavily on oil revenues. Les Gara, a member of the Alaska state legislature, said that the oil price would have to hit $110 a barrel for the state government to break even.
"No one wants to pay high prices for gasoline, but at the same time we want to fund our roads and schools and opportunities for young people," Gara said. Alaskans, especially those in remote areas, pay some of the highest prices in the country for basic goods, such as milk or gasoline. And before oil prices jumped to record high levels over the past four years, Alaska was running far behind on maintenance projects and provided little education aid for its residents.
"While low oil prices are very good for consumers whether in rural Alaska where people rely on diesel fuel or across the country, it is terrible for finding ways to fund disadvantaged kids, foster youth programs, or pre-kindergarten education," said Gara. "So it’s a mixed bag for Alaskans."
The new governor Walker has said he would review several controversial expensive projects such as the Knik Arm Bridge, Juneau Access, and Susitna Dam. He also favors taking federal money for Medicaid, which his predecessor opposed.
But don't cry for Alaska too much. The state has built up three different rainy day funds — two of which are dedicated to covering deficits in lean years and the third a sacrosanct $51 billion Permanent Fund , which every year writes checks to every person living in Alaska. On Oct. 2, payments of $1,884 each were paid out. The wisdom of building up such funds was supposed to make Alaska look more like Norway, which has a huge oil-financed investment fund, and less like Venezuela.
However, the Permanent Fund is not supposed to be touched to fill budget gaps; it is supposed to help Alaskan families as production in Prudhoe Bay declines. And the two rainy day funds are running a little dry. The Constitutional Budget Reserve was worth $11.8 billion on Oct 31 and the Statutory Budget Reserve was worth $3.7 billion. But the state legislature has voted to transfer $3 billion from those funds to cover part of a $12 billion gap in state's pension funds; Alaska has the seventh worst pension funding shortfall in the United States, according to a Bloomberg News report . Another $3 billion will go to cover the deficit in the fiscal year that will end June 2015.
That will leave the Constitutional Budget Reserve with about $9.5 billion, barely more than the remaining pension fund shortfall. "And that’s assuming today’s oil prices continue, which is a wild card," said Gara.
Steven Mufson covers the White House. Since joining The Post, he has covered economics, China, foreign policy and energy.

Watch this girl struggling to walk in high heelsGirl Struggling to Walk in High Heels
by Jukin Media 1:02 mins
240,300 views
Girl Struggling to Walk in High Heels
by Jukin Media 1:02 mins
240,300 views
This girl is walking down the street in some very high heeled boots, but is having a pretty bad time.
Link

How illegal ivory funds terrorismBigg Boss 8
Is illegal ivory funding global terrorism? Kathryn Bigelow thinks so
An elephant is killed for ivory every 15 minutes. At the present rate, they could be extinct in 11 years. Deriving income from the sale of illegal ivory are terrorist groups like al-Shabaab and Boko Haram, claims a short film by Zero Dark Thirty director Kathryn Bigelow. Last Days urges you to act to end the illegal ivory trade
Share 0
Yahoo Lifestyle/AFP Photo - An illegal ivory stockpile goes up in smoke on July 20, 2011 at the Tsavo National Park, approximately 350 kilometres southeast from Nairobi. Kenya's President Mwai Kibaki ignited … more  nearly five tonnes of ivory stockpiled in the country since being seized in Singapore nearly a decade ago destroying some 335 tusks and 42,553 pieces of ivory carvings at the Manyani wildlife rangers training institution in eastern Kenya. AFP PHOTO/Tony KARUMBA   less 
Kathryn Bigelow, the filmmaker behind the acclaimed Hollywood blockbuster Zero Dark Thirty, has stood up for the cause of elephants with a riveting short film on the dark truth behind the global ivory trafficking racket, titled Last Days ( watch it here ).
The film links the ivory racket to something else that the whole world is worried about: terrorism.
Here are the chilling facts presented in the film:
An elephant is killed for ivory every 15 minutes
Over 30,000 elephants are killed by poaching every year
At the present rate, elephants could be extinct in 11 years
African terrorist groups such as al-Shabaab, The Lord’s Resistance Army, Boko Haram and Janjaweed derive income from the sale of illegal ivory to fund their operations and attacks
After drugs, weapons and humans, trafficking in endangered species is the fourth largest illegal business in the world
Last Days aims to drive awareness, so that governments will act to put poachers, ivory traders and the terrorists out of business.
— Tristan McConnell (@t_mcconnell) December 5, 2014
Update: In a tweet to me, Tristan McConnell, foreign correspondent and photographer at GlobalPost, questioned the veracity of the 'facts' presented in Bigelow's film. McConnell had reported in GlobalPost on November 14 that it might be inconclusive to say that illegal ivory might be financing global terrorism, appealing though that connection might sound to media that quickly latched on to that tale."
McConnell quotes Tom Milliken, coordinator at TRAFFIC , the leading authority on monitoring the illegal wildlife trade: "TRAFFIC has never been able to verify the claim that 40% of al-Shabaab's revenues is related to ivory trade.
"Operationally, Al Shabaab lies well beyond most extant large elephant populations so it is difficult to see how they could possibly sustain ivory trade on the scale that EAL claim,” Milliken, who runs the Elephant Trade Information System for CITES (the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species), is quoted as saying.
Emotion swept the facts away. That said, the threat to the world's elephants is by no means undimmed.
Hong Kong - the world's ivory shopfront
Ivory is displayed before being crushed during a public event in Dongguan, China on January 6, 2014
In some parts of the world, the ivory trade is conducted out in the open. If you love both exquisite handicrafts and elephants you won’t be torn between your loves when you walk down Hong Kong’s Hollywood Road.
Cheek by jowl with SOHO, which is itself the abbreviation for South of Hollywood Road (and older than its namesake in California by at least three decades), this is the art district, choc-a-block with galleries and stores that lure you into a fugue of sinful window-shopping. This is a part of Hong Kong I find very charming, very alluring. It wears an aura of antiquity and character, and it always smells of incense streaming from the Man Mo Temple mixed with the vapours of tea steeping in water from effervescing kettles.
That said, a certain fact is sobering. Hong Kong is the ivory retail capital of the world.
It may be important to distinguish between the legal and illegal sides of the ivory business. A small percentage of trade is conducted in highly valued mammoth ivory sourced from the skeletons of these extinct pachyderms in Siberia that have been dead for 10,000 years. Fossil evidence shows that some mammoth populations survived on isolated islands and became extinct as recently as 3,700 years ago. With global warming, these ancient carcasses are being exposed in the peat bogs of Siberia, and local bounty hunters have been quick to identify a lucrative opportunity. Mammoth ivory prospecting is an economic lifeline for the impoverished people of the Russian far north. The hunters get a good $150,000 for a full-length tusk . At the end of the supply chain, in Hong Kong, an ornamented mammoth ivory tusk can sell for as much as a million US dollars.
Chu Chung Shing of Prestige Crafts stands with carved mammoth tusks in Hong Kong (2011 file photo)
Despite the fact that much of the ivory is sourced without proper permits by daredevil bounty hunters, this is legal commerce, and China is the biggest buyer of mammoth ivory sourced from Siberia. A pound of mammoth ivory, dug out of the tundra, fetches the equivalent of $400.
However, mammoth ivory being harder to come by, much of the ivory artefacts business is supplied by illegal ivory. Over 70% of the global trade in illegally sourced ivory is concentrated in China, which is why the destruction of the stockpile is seen as a significant step forward. Since then, pressure has tightened on Hong Kong to follow suit.  
All over Africa but especially in South Africa, Namibia, Swaziland, Botswana and Zimbabwe, countries that have openly defied the international ban on the trade in ivory since 1990, elephants are shot and butchered by organized poacher gangs equipped with night-vision goggles and AK 47 assault rifles. An estimated 35,000 elephants are known to be killed every year to fuel the trade. Some of this includes culling of elephant populations in Kruger National Park , South Africa, a controversial practice that is being revived after a 13-year ban was lifted in 2008.
It was reported on January 6 that China destroyed 6.1 tons of illegally traded ivory in one of the first publicised actions against the global trade in the commodity. It was the most unexpected step by an administration that has not been known to willingly comply with international treaties on endangered species trafficking. Ever since, pressure had steadily mounted on Hong Kong to follow suit.
Description Toggle
1 - 8 / 8
Carved ivory tusk are piled high on a pallet at the the National Wildlife Property Repository at the Rocky Mountain Arsenal National Wildlife Refugenear Commerce City, Colo. Service officials showed ... more 
Carved ivory tusk are piled high on a pallet at the the National Wildlife Property Repository at the Rocky Mountain Arsenal National Wildlife Refugenear Commerce City, Colo. Service officials showed off thousands of ivory tusks, statues, ceremonial bowls, masks and ornaments to be destroyed — a collection they said represented the killing of more than 2,000 adult elephants. The items were seized from smugglers, traders and tourists at U.S. ports of entry after a global ban on the ivory trade went into effect in 1989. (AP Photo/Ed Andrieski) less 
1 / 8
Yahoo Finance | Photo by Ed Andrieski / AP Photo
Thu 14 Nov, 2013 9:30 PM IST

Owner of Michigan Avenue mall buys adjacent blockOwner of Michigan Avenue mall buys adjacent block
Shops at North Bridge
Will Michigan Avenue's North Bridge mall expand?
Land next to downtown Nordstrom is bought by mall owner.
The owner of the Shops at North Bridge on North Michigan Avenue has bought an adjacent parcel the size of a city block, county records show, leading some real estate watchers to wonder if an expansion of the mall will follow.
Macerich, a Santa Monica-based real estate investment trust that owns the Nordstrom-anchored mall at 520 N. Michigan Ave., paid $42 million for the 65,000-square-foot parcel at 441 N. Wabash St., which until recently was the site of the Lakeshore Athletic Club. The gym was razed in August and the parking lot there is being expanded to fill the site.
0
While Macerich did not respond to requests for comment, the acquisition has the real estate community buzzing about the potential for the mall's expansion. It comes two years after Macerich bought the office building at 500 N. Michigan Ave., just south of the mall.
"Between this property and 500 N. Michigan, Macerich is being extremely aggressive with this asset by adding such significant components to North Bridge," said David Stone, president of Stone Real Estate. "It will be very interesting to see if their plans for this acquisition will include another anchor department store to join Nordstrom."
Crain's previously reported that Macerich was poised to buy the property.
Macerich bought the Wabash Avenue property from a consortium that includes BDT Capital Markets, Zeller Realty Group and Groupon co-founders Brad Keywell and Eric Lefkowsky. The group acquired it in 2011 as part of its $33 million purchase of the Wrigley Building. Plans to redevelop the parcel along with the National Association of Realtors headquarters at 430 N. Michigan Ave. fell through this year.
Macerich, which bought the Shops at North Bridge in 2008, owns several properties on streets adjacent to the mall, including the site of Eataly, at Ohio Street and Wabash.
Real estate brokers applauded the new acquisition.
"I think it's absolutely brilliant," said Stanley Nitzberg, principal at Mid-America Real Estate. "I think it's be bold or go home. It's great news for the Avenue that these kinds of investments can be made."
Luke Molloy, a broker with Cushman and Wakefield, said Macerich has helped transform "that entire part of River North," so it made sense for it not to cede a city block to another buyer. In addition, he said, the company's extensive retail portfolio in other markets gives it leverage to lure national retail tenants that might not otherwise opt for an off-Michigan Avenue location.
"They will be able to execute upon the most ambitious retailcentric plan due to the concentration of their holdings in the immediate area," he said.

Cyber Monday Web Performance Insights from New Relic Syntheticsreddit
From Black Friday to Cyber Monday, the Thanksgiving weekend always poses big challenges for online retailers. How e-tailers cope with those challenges can have a major impact on their user experiences, online reputations, and ultimately sales, but every site deals with them differently.
To get a sense of how major sites did this year, we used New Relic Synthetics to run tests on 35 major Web sellers, pinging them from three different locations in the United States (San Francisco; Washington, DC; and Portland, Oregon) from the Wednesday before Thanksgiving right through Cyber Monday. We set up scripted browser tests that monitored the sign-in pages of all the retailers every 15 minutes from each location, collecting data points like load times, load sizes, and downtimes. Then we used a combination of New Relic Synthetics as well as New Relic Insights to drill down into the data to find out as much as we could about how the various sites did, what went wrong, and what went right.
We looked at the total number of outages and average page load times during the entire period, as well as several key data points. We assessed how page load size--particularly changes in page load size--affected performance. We looked at whether third-party page components were behind any of the slowdowns and other problems we uncovered. And we checked out how sites dealt with any outages they had.
Overall Performance
While most sites did relatively well, there were plenty of slowdowns and outages. Even Amazon popped up with 20 second delays for a while on Thanksgiving Day, while athletic shoe retailer Footlocker had response times approaching 30 seconds early on Cyber Monday.
The chart below shows the longest response times recorded for the 35 retailers on both Black Friday and Cyber Monday. These range all the way from 4 seconds to 54 seconds!
How much data are you sending?
Page load size can be a key factor when determining how fast a website will load. Pages heavy with large images and animations will likely be relatively slower to load. Best practices during peak traffic periods would be to limit the amount of data you're sending to provide as fast an experience as possible.
According to data from New Relic Synthetics, at least one giant retailer seems to have done just the opposite. Over the weekend, the site suffered from performance three to four times slower than normal, with spikes on Cyber Monday of up to 15 to 20 times normal wait times, along with some short outages. One possible reason for this could be that the site more than doubled its page load size from 1.8 MB to 3.9 MB.
The chart below shows how the vendor's page load size increased over the Thanksgiving weekend. On Wednesday, November 26, it started off with a load size of 1.8 MB and on both Black Friday and Cyber Monday, the load size was almost 4 MB.
Sure, it can be tempting to add a bunch of slick, high-resolution images to boost sale items, but the best-performing sites generally don't pump up their page load during the highest traffic periods. As an example of best practices, cookware retailer Williams-Sonoma
improved site performance by cutting its page load size from 11 MB to a still-hefty 5 MB over the weekend by using fewer images. The key takeaway here? Less is more, especially on peak traffic days.
The chart below shows how Williams-Sonoma's page load dropped significantly during the Thanksgiving weekend, helping to ensure faster response times--below 6 seconds through most of the weekend. The first vendors' response times, meanwhile, topped 25 seconds.
Are third parties living up to their SLAs?
We put all the Synthetics data into New Relic Insights to understand how third-party services might be affecting the performance of the retailers, and here's what we uncovered:
The Average Response Time for all of the synthetic requests we made across all retailers was 75.8 ms.
The slowest response times relative to the average came from ad-tech and analytics companies:
Google Tag Manager was used by about 25% of the retailers and had an average duration more than 7 times the average for all requests made
Brightcove Video Player was nearly 8 times the average
Google Maps API was 5 times the average
Akamai was 4 times the average
This is a good time to check in on all those SLAs you have in place with third-party vendors and make sure they are complying--it would be a shame if third parties undo all the hard work you put into your website's performance. Of course, New Relic Synthetics is a great way to monitor those SLAs 24/7!
If you have to fall, fall with grace
The chart above captures all the errors that occurred across the multiple retailers we monitored through the Holiday weekend. And as you can see, bad stuff happens. When lags or downtimes cannot be avoided, you want to put on as good a face as possible. If your site goes down, are you displaying a graceful, branded, customer-centric error message or are you showing an ugly, generic "access denied" page?
New Relic Synthetics has the ability to capture the 'error screenshot' that customers see when they encounter a site that doesn't load--and those screenshots are all over the map. Despite the high-profile outages that Best Buy experienced during the long weekend, its failure screen was gracefully handled with a Holiday-themed "We're Sorry" message:
That's infinitely better than this screen, which is how one retailer greeted users who couldn't access the site:
As a best practice, be ready for anything so that if and when your site does go down, your customers see a message that acknowledges the problem, appreciates them, and lists a secondary call to action. Remember, you want your customers to return!
The list
Here's the complete list of the 35 sites we tracked. (Note that none of the companies were contacted for comment or participation.):
Costco

Pakistan mainstreaming terrorism by facilitating Saeed rally: IndiaNEW DELHI, December 5, 2014
Updated: December 5, 2014 23:56 IST
Pakistan mainstreaming terrorism, says MEA
Suhasini Haidar
Hafiz Saeed of Jamaat Ud Dawa addresses a rally in this file photo. Photo:AP
TOPICS
unrest, conflicts and war
“Extending facilities to a designated terror entity including providing train services, is nothing short of mainstreaming terrorism”
In the first official statement on the rally conducted by Pakistan’s Jamaat Ud Dawa in Lahore, India accused Pakistan of “mainstreaming terrorism”.
Making a sharp attack on Pakistan government authorities for facilitating the two-day ‘Ijtida’ addressed by Hafiz Saeed, indicted for the 2008 Mumbai terror attacks, the government spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said, “This was an event at a national monument in Pakistan, with police deployed for security and advertised all across Pakistan. The rally was held by an organisation, that has been banned not only by India, but also the U.S., U.K, Australia and under the U.N. resolution 1267. Extending these sort of facilities to a designated terror entity including providing train services, is nothing short of mainstreaming terrorism.”
On Thursday, while addressing the ‘Ijtida’ at Lahore’s ‘Minaar e Pakistan’ monument, Saeed criticized elections in Jammu and Kashmir, saying they “cannot be a substitute for a plebiscite”.
During his sermon on Friday, Saeed went a step further, saying, “Ghazwae Hind is inevitable, Kashmir will be freed, 1971 will be avenged and Ahmedabad Gujarat victims will get justice Insha Allah.” Ghazwae Hind is a term that refers to an Al-Qaeda promoted doctrine of war against India. Saeed’s speech was live-streamed over the internet from the Lahore venue.
India has not made a direct protest against Saeed and the Jamaat Ud Dawa’s latest rally to the Pakistan government. However, in the past few months, the government has issued demarches to the Pakistan high commission over Saeed’s public rallies where he has made anti-India statements, as well as repeated delays in the 26/11 Mumbai attack trial against LeT in Pakistan.

Thomas aims to redeem himself this weekBy Mike Jones December 5 Follow @mikejoneswapo
Indianapolis wide receiver Donte Moncrief hauls in a long pass against Phillip Thomas in the fourth quarter of the Redskins 49-27 loss. (John McDonnell/The Washington Post)
After spending his rookie season on injured reserve and the first nine weeks of this year on the practice squad, and seeing limited action on special teams for four games, safety Phillip Thomas received the most extensive playing time of his NFL career last week against the Indianapolis Colts.
The Fresno State product replaced an injured Brandon Meriweather and made a couple of solid tackles against the run. But he also had one of the biggest blunders of the game as he blew a coverage assignment and surrendered a 79-yard touchdown in the 49-27 thrashing.
Thomas instantly knew his error on the play. He didn’t stay deep on his Cover-2 assignment and instead got caught looking into the backfield. As a result, Thomas got torched by Andrew Luck and wide receiver Donte Moncrief for the longest touchdown of the day.
Meriweather remains injured — unable to practice all week — and is listed as doubtful for Sunday’s game. The Redskins again will have to turn to Thomas, the only other strong safety on the roster.
Thomas has spent the week studying and trying to further improve his understanding of the defense’s schemes and his responsibilities. He said that he has learned from last week’s mistakes and knows that he must do a better job of trusting the system and executing his responsibilities rather than trying to force plays.
“Defensive calls will allow me to do certain things and I’ve got to stick to it,” he said. “I get caught up sometimes because I like to see the ball. I like to look at the ball, and I get caught out of position sometimes, looking and seeing too much. I just need to see what I need to see and let my technique take care of the work.”
The Redskins used a fourth-round pick on Thomas, a former All-American, because of his ball-hawking skills and versatility. The injuries have kept them from seeing the translation to the NFL game. And when he did get his opportunity last week, Thomas didn’t deliver.
Coaches still believe Thomas has potential, but they need him to find a balance between discipline and aggression.
“He’s a smart kid. Sometimes gets a little greedy with his eyes and tries to make big plays that aren’t there,” Coach Jay Gruden said. “But hopefully, he’ll learn from it and have a good game. We need him.
“There are certain coverages where you have the opportunity to be a ball hawk,” Gruden also said. “But when you’re playing back-half and two-man, you don’t have that luxury. You have to understand certain coverages and when that’s okay. If we put you in position to be a ball hawk, then be a ball hawk. But if you’re playing it half-from center or two-deep coverage, you’ve got to play your two-deep coverage. Pick your spots, but understand he responsibilities of your coverage and where your location is, No. 1, first and foremost, and making a play is secondary.”
Thomas said as he takes the field Sunday, he will remind himself to be patient and let the game and play-making opportunities come to him. He believes that if he does, he can help answer some of the long-term questions the Redskins have about him, and the safety position.
“I’m just reminding myself this is football, man, and I’ve been doing it a long time,” Thomas said. “Making sure I stay on my reads, stay on my keys and take that technique on what I need to do, and then let my athletic ability and ball skills handle everything else. … It’s Brandon’s position, but I definitely gives me the opportunity to show my worth … that I’m in the mix. I need to show I have the ball skills that I had when I came out of Fresno and attacking and all that other ability.”
More from The Post:

Wages are finally rising  but America still needs a big raiseBy Matt O'Brien December 5 Follow @ObsoleteDogma
Source: EPI
The good news is that, after we added 321,000 jobs in November, the recovery is speeding up. The better news is that wages are finally increasing a little more too, up 2.1 percent the past year. But the bad news, as you can see above, is that there's still a long, long way to go.
That's because, as the Economic Policy Institute points out, wages should normally go up 3.5 to 4 percent a year. The Federal Reserve, remember, has a 2 percent inflation target, so wages should go up at least that much. But workers are also getting more productive—getting more done in the same amount of time—at about a 1.5 to 2 percent rate. (That's even been true the last seven years, when it's averaged a disappointing 1.5 percent ). So wages can also go up that much without causing inflation, since there'd be the same amount of money chasing the same amount of goods. Add it up, and you get 3.5 to 4 percent wage growth being consistent with the Fed's target.
But that hasn't happened. Part of that's due to inflation that's been consistently below the Fed's target; indeed, it's just 1.4 percent now. But the rest is due to capital taking a bigger and bigger slice of the economic pie from workers. Increased productivity, in other words, has gone to increased profits instead of increased wages. The result, as you can see, is a big gap between how much workers are making now and how much they would have been making if wages had grown the 4 percent-a-year that they should have. It turns out that seven years of record profits and stagnant pay add up to about a $3.16-an-hour shortfall for workers—or a 12 percent pay cut compared to a world where labor hadn't lost so much bargaining power.
It puts the nine-cents-an-hour pay bump that workers just got in a bit of depressing perspective. America still needs a big raise before the recovery is anywhere near complete.
Matt O'Brien is a reporter for Wonkblog covering economic affairs. He was previously a senior associate editor at The Atlantic.

Green out for sixth straight  aims to return TuesdayBy Alex Prewitt December 5 Follow @alex_prewitt
(Rob Carr/Getty Images)
NEWARK, N.J. – Defenseman Mike Green practiced for the second straight day with the Washington Capitals, continuing to regain strength after suffering an upper-body injury over two weeks ago, though he will miss Saturday’s matchup here with the New Jersey Devils, Green said.
“It’s frustrating because you hope it’s a day-to-day injury,” Green said. “At the most, five to six days. And here we are. I’m anxious to get back, but we’ve got to be smart. That’s the last thing you want, is setbacks. That’s more frustrating than taking a day or two to make sure you’re 100 percent.”
Green participated in limited segments Friday at AmeriHealth Pavilion, the Devils’ practice facility connected to the Prudential Center, mostly in non-contact situations. He did take part in one “grind drill,” as Coach Barry Trotz called it, but watched power play work from center-ice and still seemed lacking in power on passes and shots.
“Not much contact, but was able to gauge skating, shooting,” Green said, confirming the injury occurred in a different area than the upper-body issue that sidelined him from the season-opener against Montreal. “It’s definitely coming along. Definitely not [back yet], but it definitely is coming for sure, so that’s positive.”
When the Capitals decided to bring Green on their two-game road trip to Carolina and New Jersey, he was not expecting to be ready by Saturday. Instead, Green said, his “mindframe” was aimed at Tuesday’s visit to Tampa Bay, once Washington returns home for a day off Sunday and practices in Ballston on Monday.
“Haven’t skated with the team, so didn’t know how to gauge it,” he said. “After seeing the pace, doing a little bit of battling, it’s not quite ready for tomorrow. Don’t want to be a hazard on the ice. Just getting that strength and being able to shoot completely and pass the puck firm and make the plays. The game’s so quick, you’re going to get hit even harder if you can’t move or make those plays.”
Without Green, Jack Hillen has started five straight games on the Capitals’ third defensive pairing beside Nate Schmidt. During that span, they have gone 2-2-1, most recently snapping a two-game losing streak against the Hurricanes. Neither Hillen nor Schmidt have recorded a point in Green’s absence, but Green felt the blue line has held up well.
“With the system that we play, and the game plan we have as a defensive group, most nights everybody’s great,” he said. “There’s not much room for error with the way we play. If there is, maybe it’s a puck that bounces over a stick or something. I think the defense has played really well over the last little bit here.”
Still, anytime the blue line’s most efficient offensive weapon (1.64 points per 60 minutes) sits for five straight games, his lack of presence will inevitably be felt.
“I think we’ve had a few issues at times where Mike’s hands and Mike’s experience would help us out a little bit on that third pair,” Trotz said. “But he’s not there, so we can’t worry about it.”
Alex Prewitt covers the Washington Capitals. Follow him on Twitter @alex_prewitt or email him at alex.prewitt@washpost.com .

CBS programming pulled from Dish in contract disputeCBS programming pulled from Dish in contract dispute
Dish Network Installation
Matthew Staver / Bloomberg
Dish Network and CBS Corp. have been trying to negotiate a new carriage contract that covers CBS-owned TV stations in 14 markets, including Los Angeles. Above, Justin Preziosi installs Dish equipment.
Dish Network and CBS Corp. have been trying to negotiate a new carriage contract that covers CBS-owned TV stations in 14 markets, including Los Angeles. Above, Justin Preziosi installs Dish equipment. (Matthew Staver / Bloomberg)
Denver Broncos
Millions of Dish Network customers lost easy access to CBS programming late Friday after the two media companies failed to agree on a new contract.
Negotiations went down to the wire and continued 24 hours beyond a Thursday deadline set by CBS. Negotiations continued on Friday before the two sides reached an impasse.
After weeks of negotiations and two deadline extensions, CBS Corp. has issued an ultimatum to satellite TV giant Dish Network: Strike a deal or CBS-owned stations will go dark. ( Meg James )
"Effective today at 7 p.m. Eastern Time, CBS programming is no longer available to Dish subscribers in New York City, Los Angeles, San Francisco, Sacramento, Dallas, Denver, Boston, Chicago, Pittsburgh and several other markets," CBS said in a statement. "CBS has been negotiating a carriage agreement with Dish for six months and has already granted two extensions. During this time, Dish has dragged its feet at our many attempts to negotiate in good faith."
Without an agreement in place, Dish was not authorized to retransmit signals of CBS-owned television stations to its customers in 14 markets.
The accelerated pace of talks during the last few days suggested that both sides were motivated to reach an accord.
Dish doesn't want to lose CBS, the nation’s No. 1 television network, which boasts such popular shows as “The Big Bang Theory” and “NCIS,” as well as college and professional football games.
8
But the complexity of any pact -- along with complications over whether Dish would disable its controversial ad-skipping Hopper technology -- apparently proved too much to tackle in a compressed time frame.
CBS has complained for weeks that Dish was not negotiating with a sense of urgency. The broadcasting company appears to be betting that an uprising of angry Dish customers could give it added leverage to extract some of its contract demands.
Recent history suggests that a prolonged blackout could hurt Dish more than CBS.
Last year, in a particularly contentious carriage dispute, Time Warner Cable customers in several markets, went a month without their local CBS stations -- a risky bet that backfired when Time Warner Cable lost about 300,000 customers.
During the fiscal third quarter, Dish lost 12,000 pay-TV subscribers, and the company probably would like to avoid a larger exodus.
Upset Dish customers have taken to social media to vent about the CBS situation.
“Do not remove CBS -- if you do, make arrangements to come take the dish off my house as you wouldn’t be fulfilling your contractual obligation,” one Minnesota customer wrote this week on Dish’s Facebook customer service page.
CBS is scheduled to broadcast this weekend’s Minnesota Vikings game against the New York Jets as well as games featuring the Denver Broncos and Pittsburgh Steelers.
Dish customer service representatives have sought to calm customers.
“Switching your TV provider isn't the answer as all pay-TV providers face disputes with broadcasters,” a Dish representative wrote on the Facebook page. “Switching only encourages broadcasters to raise rate demands and drives up the costs for everyone.”
For nearly six months, the two sides have had on-and-off negotiations for a new contract that covers CBS-owned television stations in the 14 markets as well as the premium channel Showtime.
During the last two weeks, as talks appeared to be progressing, CBS offered two contract extensions for the pact that expired Nov. 20.
CBS granted the extensions because it didn't want to anger viewers by removing its signals during the Thanksgiving holidays, interrupting an American tradition of turkey and NFL football. But CBS' patience ran out this week.
The two sides have been squabbling over several issues, including retransmission fees that CBS collects when pay-TV providers retransmit its station signals. CBS has aggressive goals to boost those fees in the next several years, and Dish has been pushing back.
Digital rights have been another thorny issue. Dish is planning a low-cost Internet streaming package, and the two sides have been discussing how best to include CBS in that offering.
Another sticking point is Dish's controversial Auto Hopper device that enables subscribers to digitally record prime-time shows and then erase the commercials.
CBS, which relies heavily on advertising, and other networks sued Dish two years ago over the ad-skipping technology, which CBS would like to see disabled.
Dish has been among the most aggressive of pay-TV companies that are trying to hold the line on rapidly rising programming costs. CBS said Dish's disputes with several programmers have led to outages of 120 stations, most of them temporary, during the last two years.
The most recent blackout, which covered several Turner Broadcasting channels, including CNN, Cartoon Network and Turner Classic Movies, ended nearly two weeks ago with a temporary accord. Dish customers nationwide went without those channels for nearly a month.
Sales of digital antennas, which allow consumers to capture over-the-air signals like CBS, could get a lift by the weekend if viewers try to restore CBS on their own.

China steel demand to ease in 2015 http://www.theaustralian.com....Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Thanks yogesh.i only enter to see comments once in a way.i am waiting ...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Every one will have his own strategy.good.donot regret later even if t...Gold Member
44 Followers
Every one will have his own strategy.Good.Donot regret later even if TWO has gone up.Because entering a counter for long term is ok. But coming out with good profit at right time is not so easy.There is every chance of TWO going up.But you have made a decission with good profit on 50% holding and switching over.OK. Good luck.
In reply to : adheerat1964 message
6.48 AM Dec 6th

I like this light banter and witty remarks - :-)New Member
7 Followers
Dear BG, any particular reason TM will touch new highs next week? It is about 116 Rs. below its 52 week high of 2734. So you expect it to jump by more than Rs. 120 in the next 2 trading days? Any reason for such optimism?
Your help and advise will be greatly appreciated as I bought TM at 2680 and was worried with the steep fall today but am still holding my position aniticipating a bounce back soon.
10 days back it made a low of 2601 and bounced back from there to 2704. Today too it made a low of 2610. Hoping this correction in IT stocks and TM is short lived and we get a smart recovery next week.
In reply to : bullguru108 message
2.06 PM Dec 6th

1455 New Ebola Cases In Sierra Leone As Dangerous Practices ContinueDangerous Practices Spread Ebola In Sierra Leone
 |  By                                                                      Rodney Huhumuza
Updated:
12/04/2014 12:59 pm EST
Ugandan doctor Michael Mawanda, who contracted Ebola in September, saw some disturbing behaviors when he was in Sierra Leone helping fight the Ebola epidemic, including relatives removing patients from the hospital where he worked.  | ASSOCIATED PRESS
reddit
KAMPALA, Uganda (AP) — Dr. Michael Mawanda saw some disturbing behaviors when he was in Sierra Leone helping fight the Ebola epidemic, including relatives removing patients from the hospital where he worked.
The family members who removed the Ebola patients couldn't bear to be separated from their loved ones, but their actions made it nearly impossible for health workers to track new Ebola infections and risked spreading the virus further, said Mawanda, who despite taking precautions came down with Ebola himself and barely survived.
The Ebola outbreak, which is stabilizing in Liberia and Guinea, is spreading fastest in Sierra Leone. In a recent 21-day period, Guinea had 306 new Ebola cases. Liberia had 278. Sierra Leone had 1,455, according to the World Health Organization.
Mawanda believes that clinging to dangerous practices is the reason why. So does Sierra Leone President Ernest Bai Koroma, who on Tuesday urged Sierra Leoneans to desist from washing of corpses, from secretly burying the dead at night instead of calling for Ebola burial teams and any from other practices that could accelerate infections.
"Naturally what happens is that as more and more people get infected, people learn lessons. Unfortunately, that takes a long time," Mawanda, a 38-year-old Ugandan physician, said in an interview with The Associated Press.
Unsafe burials are believed responsible for 70 percent of new infections in Sierra Leone, Chief Medical Officer Dr. Brima Kargbo told reporters Wednesday. The bodies of people who have died from Ebola are particularly contagious and must be handled carefully, but throughout the region, many people continue to bury their dead using traditional methods, including washing and touching the body. Ebola is spread through contact with bodily fluids of an infected person or corpse.
Mawanda said sensitization campaigns have not been widely successful in West Africa largely because many locals seem unwilling to break with age-old customs such as communal dining. He saw people eating from the same plate even as Ebola was claiming victims in the capital. The WHO says saliva may carry some risk but that "the science is inconclusive." According to the WHO, the most infectious bodily fluids for spreading Ebola are blood, feces and vomit.
"Tracing contacts and isolating them as early as possible is not happening in Sierra Leone," Mawanda said. "What that means is people are getting infected and they are infecting others and there is this great multiplication factor. It is all about capacity and Sierra Leone needs help to effectively do contact tracing."
Malaria is a common disease in parts of West Africa, and many who show up in hospitals with a fever could be suffering from such a tropical disease. Mawanda said he that amid the chaos in hospital wards, many health workers make wrong calls, possibly leading to Ebola patients infecting health workers and others with whom they come into contact.
Mawanda had worked in Sierra Leone since 2011. He is one of many Ugandan doctors who were deployed on the Ebola front lines as local authorities sought the expertise of health workers from countries that had experienced Ebola. Uganda and Congo have been hit by previous outbreaks. At least two Ugandan physicians have died of Ebola in the unprecedented West Africa outbreak. Mawanda feels fortunate to be alive.
He recalled that local health workers at Emergency Hospital near Freetown, the capital, had to deal with a disease about which they knew little or nothing, sparking a response "characterized by fear" among medical workers often ill equipped to protect themselves from Ebola.
After he tested positive for Ebola in September, he felt "helpless and hopeless" and believed he faced certain death. By the time he was put on a charter flight to Frankfurt for medical care, his organs were shutting down. In Germany, he was put into an induced coma. He spent seven weeks in intensive care at Frankfurt University Hospital before he was declared cured of Ebola.
Last month he returned to Uganda and does not plan to immediately return to Sierra Leone, a country in desperate need of more foreign aid, especially doctors and other medical workers.
Also on The Huffington Post
Close

Air India s planning a turnaround plan: Will you fly it nowExpert panel to rescue Air India
Recommend
Link
12 days ago, ET NOW
To revive the fortunes of bleeding national carrier Air India, the govt is planning to form a panel to suggest plans to revive the carrier.
More on ET NOW:
ET NOW - 15 hours ago
LATEST ET NOW VIDEOS
Terms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

Bon apptit: Obamas R-Day meals will be made in AmericaBarack Obama’s Republic Day meals will be made in America
Pramit Pal Chaudhuri , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 06, 2014
First Published: 00:45 IST(6/12/2014) | Last Updated: 09:50 IST(6/12/2014)
Comments
When US President Barack Obama sits down to a banquet during his January visit to New Delhi, the food on his plate will outwardly look identical to those of the other guests. In reality, it will be an exact copy prepared by a White House steward (chef).
President Barack Obama and Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the Martin Luther King Jr Memorial in Washington. (PTI Photo)
This is standard security practice for US presidents. Ex-secret service bodyguard Joseph Petro recounts in his 2005 memoir how menus for formal dinners would be sent days before to the White House, the ingredients procured, and a carbon copy dish made by stewards just before the meal was served.
But presidents do wander around. Obama enjoys taking his family around Washington for meals -- and has a taste for foreign and exotic cuisines.
In these cases, a special detachment of Secret Service men appear at the restaurant hours before the presidential party arrives, vets the staff, inspects -- if not tastes -- the ingredients, and then keeps a close watch on the cooking process.
Condiments like ketchup and mustard, and of course water, are brought from the White House.
In the tense period after 9/11, Secret Service men were known to wash spotty glasses and dishes -- presumably with biochemical toxin concerns in mind. When Obama came to India in 2010, a team of doctors from JJ Hospital, Mumbai, helped the Secret Service in their food-testing tasks.
Things get especially hairy during huge events like a US inauguration, when a president and his first lady can flit back and forth between a dozen balls and dinners. Inspection teams from the US Federal Drug Administration work with the Secret Service to keep the meals for even the guests secured. In the 2009 swearing-in, over 100,000 meals were supervised.
Petro explained the philosophy, “Nothing edible gets near the president unless we know where it comes from and who has handled it.” Sometimes that can lead to embarrassing moments. In March last year, Obama had to stick to bottled water during a lunch hosted by Republican Congressmen because someone had failed to screen the lobster salad. The lunch, part of a set of talks on a budget compromise, was also a legislative failure.

Jet-setting postal regulator replaced amid scrutiny of travel habitsBy Josh Hicks December 5 Follow @reporter_hicks
The Postal Regulatory Commission has replaced chairman Ruth Goldway, who was criticized for frequent trips abroad. (Tim Sloan/AFP-Getty Images)
President Obama replaced the globetrotting chairman of the Postal Regulatory Commission this week after years of criticism over frequent trips she charged to U.S. taxpayers.
The PRC confirmed on Friday that Obama tapped commissioner Robert Taub to take the place of Ruth Goldway as head of the panel, serving on an interim basis until the Senate confirms a permanent replacement. The Washington Free Beacon first reported the change on Friday .
Goldway racked up nearly $71,000 in official travel expenses during her first three years as chairman, outpacing her predecessor, according to a 2012  Washington Post review . Her trips included visits to Portugal, Switzerland and China to meet with international postal regulators, as well as a trek to Scotland two years ago, where she talked with European envelope manufacturers just days before the Postal Service announced record-setting losses.
The former chairman spent another $36,000 on travel to Rio de Janeiro, Stockholm and other popular foreign destinations between 2012 and 2013, according to a  Free Beacon report  last month.
Additionally, the PRC’s Office of the Inspector General issued a report in June saying Goldway used a personal credit card to pay for over $18,000 in travel expenses, which the commission later reimbursed. Such uses of personal credit cards for official travel is prohibited, since it could be used to accrue credit card rewards for the cardholder.
Sen. Tom Coburn (R-Okla.), who has been one of Goldway’s most vocal critics in Congress, had questioned her travel habits. “While personal days are paid for with her private funds, documentation detailing Goldway’s trips raise questions about the business importance of the trips,” he said in his 2013 Wastebook , an annual list of federal expenditures that the Republican considers to be questionable.
Rep. Darrell Issa (R-Calif.), who heads the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, has suggested that Goldway should have been more mindful of her travel amid the Postal Service’s recent financial troubles. “When organizations are struggling, good leaders often make a pointed effort of curbing their own expenses as an example,” he said in 2012.
Goldway has been with the commission since 1998, serving as its chairman since 2009. She remained as head of the panel after her most recent term expired at the end of last month.
Coburn and Sen. Tom Carper (D-Del.), who have worked together on postal legislation, urged President Obama in July to name a new chair before Goldway’s term ended. They said the move would “remove uncertainty” and allow the panel to “continue its work on postal reform with a better sense of who will be implementing it in the coming years.”
PRC spokeswoman Gail Adams on Friday said Goldway plans to remain with the commission until her replacement has been confirmed.
Josh Hicks covers the federal government and anchors the Federal Eye blog. He reported for newspapers in the Detroit and Seattle suburbs before joining the Post as a contributor to Glenn Kessler’s Fact Checker blog in 2011.

http://usat.ly/1AwFqZ8Twitter reactions to 'Rolling Stone' rape story
Reaction on Twitter to Rolling Stone retreat on UVA gang-rape story
Post to Facebook
Twitter reactions to 'Rolling Stone' rape story Reaction on Twitter to Rolling Stone retreat on UVA gang-rape story Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1A1HyqL
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
3
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Twitter reactions to 'Rolling Stone' rape story
USA TODAY 4:57 p.m. EST December 5, 2014
Shannon Cruse Ranson, from Norfolk, Va., reported her own 1999 sexual assault during a Nov. 22, 2014, protest outside the Phi Kappa Psi fraternity house at the University of Virginia.
(Photo: Ryan M. Kelly, The Daily Progress/AP)
8 CONNECT 5 TWEET LINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Some reactions on Twitter to Rolling Stone UVA gang-rape story:
The most sickening part is Eardly wrote the #UVA story with almost no "allegedly" or "reportedly" -- language used was factual.
— AJ Delgado (@AJDelgado13) December 5, 2014
too late RT @tylerkingkade : Important note about #UVa : NO ONE has said the sexual assault didn't happen. So don't jump to conclusions people
— Zerlina Maxwell (@ZerlinaMaxwell) December 5, 2014
A terrible blow to both journalism and rape victims in one fell swoop. Devastating. #uva

Protest in Miami After Michael Brown  Eric Garner DecisionsHELP
[{"id":20969244,"hedshort":"EXPLORE.org - Underwater Penguin Swim Cam","description":"The exhibit features Magellanic penguins, some of which were rescued from Brazil where they were stranded outside their native habitat.","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/explore_AppleTV_20140725_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"EXPLORE.org - Underwater Penguin Swim Cam","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/explore_AppleTV_20140725_16x9_608.jpg"},{"id":14519615,"hedshort":"RADAR - Storms on US West Coast","description":"VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUweather80F196_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"RADAR - Storms on US West Coast","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUweather80F196_16x9_608.jpg"}]

India records highest deaths among under-5 childrenIndia records highest deaths among under-5 children
What you people think of boschi feel we will see good profit by 15 ja...Gold Member
35 Followers
What you people think of Bosch?i feel we will see good profit by 15 Jan 2015
7.22 AM Dec 6th  | Track

Let`s accept the fact that sun pharma bought ranbaxy at cheap prices a...Silver Member
35 Followers
Let`s accept the fact that sun pharma bought ranbaxy at cheap prices and that too in an all stock deal. Without even spending a penny sun gets access to ranbaxy products, patents, manufacturing plants, anda`s pipeline, marketing strength, distribution channels, r&d staff and units, etc. however the catch is all at a risk. Risk being how fast it can turn around and get it`s banned manufacturing plants back to exporting to us. Risk is heavy but for all stock deal and without spending a penny from its reserves, it`s worth it. As guided by management merger expected by first quarter of cy 2015. Cci approval comes on dec 5 or dec 15, it doesn`t matter.
7.20 AM Dec 6th  | Track

What will it hit next week  considering the flattish close we seeing d...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

All signs are indicating that sail will break down to 76 levels in 3 w...64 Followers
Reposted about 10 days 12 hrs 5 min 22 sec ago by future_calls
all signs are indicating that sAil will break down to 76 levels in 3 weeks time!
7.08 AM Dec 6th

Sadhvi row: Furious Oppn forces Narendra Modi to call for truceSeeking truce with agitating opposition members over controversial remarks made by Minister Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today said the matter should be put to rest after her apology, but it failed to satisfy them.
Making a statement in the Lok Sabha, he emphasised that everyone should understand limits in public discourse.
“… it is our duty that we understand our limits in public life and stay within our limits while making public discourse.
“Now we should allow the matter to rest and we should continue with our work in national interest,” Modi said.
The Prime Minister’s statement, however, failed to mollify the opposition members, including Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi, who had tied black cloth on their mouth, as they staged a walkout.
Stating that the Rajya Sabha has not been functioning for some time now, Modi said, “I am grateful to all members of the Lok Sabha that they allowed the House to function despite the sensitivity of the issue.”
Even before the Parliament took up the issue, Modi said he had expressed his disapproval and sternly asked BJP MPs against using such words.
“Nobody can approve such things,” he said.
Noting that the matter should be put to rest as the Minister has already apologised, Modi said her social background that she is from a village should be taken into account.
“It is the duty of the distinguished members of the House that when a colleague seeks apology, we should be magnanimous,” he said.
TAGS: Narendra Modi Parliament Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti
More from miscellaneous
AAP comes out with a song to boost its campaign Aam Aadmi Party has come up with a song which is being played at all the rallies and meetings addressed by party chief Arvind Kejriwal and other leaders.

Maha cabinet expansion today; Sena to join govtLetters to the editor
Weeks after squabbling over allocation of portfolios, the Shiv Sena will finally join the Bharatiay Janata Party (BJP)-led government today when Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis expands his cabinet.
According to highly placed sources in the party, five cabinet rank, and an equal number of state ministers are likely to be inducted from the Shiv Sena, along with 10 new ministers of the Bharatiay Janata Party (BJP).
“The Bharatiay Janata Party (BJP) and the Shiv Sena have jointly decided that the Sena will get 5 cabinet rank and 7 Ministers of state. But for now, we are putting on hold the oath taking of two ministers of state. It will happen after the Winter session of the Assembly,” a senior Sena leader, who was part of discussions with the Bharatiay Janata Party (BJP) said.
According to the Shiv Sena leader, those who are likely to included in the cabinet are: Diwakar Raote, Dipak Sawant, Subhash Desai, Eknath Shinde and Ramdas Kadam.
Raote is set to get the Transport ministry, while Sawant may get Health. Industries Ministry, currently headed by Bharatiay Janata Party (BJP) leader Prakash Mehta will now be reshuffled and given to Subhash Desai. Eknath Shinde, who had occupied the Leader of Opposition chair will now head the MMRDC. Ramdas Kadam, a close confidante of Sena patriarch Bal Thackeray will get the environment ministry.
Among those likely to be included as state ministers are: Sena MLAs Sanjay Rathod, Ravindra Vaikar, Dada Bhuse Vijay Shivtare and Deepak Kesarkar.
The two long-time allies had parted ways on December 15, just three weeks before the Maharashtra Assembly elections, which threw up a fractured verdict in the 288-member Legislature.
The Bharatiay Janata Party (BJP) subsequently emerged as the single largest party with 122, while the Sena bagged 63 seats. The Congress came third with 42 seats and the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) finished last with 41.
TAGS: Devendra Fadnavis
More from miscellaneous
AAP comes out with a song to boost its campaign Aam Aadmi Party has come up with a song which is being played at all the rallies and meetings addressed by party chief Arvind Kejriwal and other leaders.

Modi named  Asian of the Year  by Singapore dailyDec 06, 2014 at  07:54am IST
PM Narendra Modi named 'Asian of the Year' by Singapore daily
14
0
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi was on Friday named "Asian of the Year" by a leading Singaporean press group for being focused on India's development and getting the world "excited" about the prospects of the country again.
Singapore Press Holdings Limited, the publisher of The Straits Times, said "despite being relatively new to the job, he has already made a mark on Asia, reaching out to neighbours and receiving national leaders including Xi Jinping of China and Tony Abbott of Australia."
"Mr Modi has got India and the world excited about hiscountry's prospects again," Warren Fernandez, editor of the daily said in a statement. "He has given his people a renewed sense of direction and purpose, and there are hopeful signs that he is minded to using his strong mandate to good effect in one of Asia's major powers. We wish him and India every success."
It said Modi has had a highly successful visit to Japan for a summit with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe.
#narendra modi #strait times #singapore #asian of the year
It said Modi has had a highly successful visit to Japan for a summit with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe.
Modi's call for a 'Make in India' campaign, if pursued to its logical conclusion with a friendlier investment climate and less rigid labour norms, could help fire up the growth engines of the USD2 trillion economy and provide welcome ballast to the region when the top Asian economy China is slowing, and Japan is in recession, the statement said.
The 64-year-old leader has promised to reform the economy by cutting on the red tape and attracting foreign investments. Modi has energised India with his stirring calls for a development focus, it said.
"Economists project that as early as next year, India could pick up the growth baton from China. Given its huge market, its travellers who fill up hotel rooms and cruise ship cabins from Singapore to Sydney, its hunger for capital goods and commodities, a resurgent India will be a boon for the region and the world," editors said in their citation.
The citation said in January US President Barack Obama would be the chief guest at India's annual Republic Day celebrations -- the first time a US leader will attend the function.
"We look forward to presenting the award to Mr Modi in person at his convenience," said Ravi Velloor, Straits Times foreign editor. The editors' choice was based on several factors: Modi was picked for being development-focused Prime Minister who fashioned an impressive victory for BJP in the polls.
Every December, editors of the Singapore daily pick an Asian whose actions have significantly impacted his own society or the wider Asian continent in the past 12 months. Last year, the award was shared by Chinese President Xi
Jinping and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. The inaugural award, in 2012, went to President Thein Sein of Myanmar.
136

Babri anniversary: Over 10 000 security personnel guarding Ayodhya20
0
Ayodhya: On the eve of 22nd anniversary of Babri mosque demolition, the temple town has turned into a fortress with nearly 10,000 security personnel deployed amid calls by Muslim outfits to mark the day by hoisting black flags even as Hindu bodies seek to commemorate it.
Prohibitory orders have been clamped in the city and mounted police will be among about 10,000 police and anti-riot personnel keeping a vigil.
The local administration has laid a three-tier security cordon around the twin cities of Ayodhya and Faizabad with officials of superintendent rank manning the key areas. Two dozens CCTV cameras have also been installed across the Ayodhya city.
On the eve of 22nd anniversary of Babri mosque demolition, the temple town has turned into a fortress with nearly 10,000 security personnel deployed amid calls by Muslim outfits to mark the day by hoisting black flags even as Hindu bodies seek to commemorate it.
#babri masque #action day #rss #hindu muslim
Muslim organisations have announced that it will be marked as a black day while appealing to the community to hoist black flags and observe a shut down. While the Hindu organisations, including Vishwa Hindu Parishad, has said it will observe it as "day of bravery victory".
A flood company of PAC has been deployed in Saryu river for round the clock water patrolling to prevent any untoward incident that may happen through the river.
All the entry points of Ayodhya city have been sealed and entry is permitted only after complete security check. Senior Superintendent of Police KB Singh said,"We are in regular touch with the responsible and peace loving people of both the communities. The day of December 6 will be passed peacefully without any hindrance in the normal life of the twin town."
2

Gujarat: 353 villages in Kutch district declared scarcity-hit28
0
Ahmedabad: A total of 353 villages in Kutch district of Gujarat were on Friday declared completely or partially scarcity-hit and officials asked to provide adequate drinking water and cattle fodder to the affected areas. The step was taken in view of a weak monsoon in major parts of the district.
Of the total villages, 79 were declared completely scarcity-hit and 274 as partially affected by water shortage by Chief Minister Anandi Patel.
According to an official release, Patel has asked government departments concerned to start providing adequate drinking water to the affected villagers. The administration has also been asked to provide cattle fodder to farmers.
A total of 353 villages in Kutch district of Gujarat were on Friday declared completely or partially scarcity-hit and officials asked to provide adequate drinking water and cattle fodder to the affected areas. The step was taken in view of a weak monsoon in major parts of the district.
#gujarat #kutch #scarcity hit #india
The government has announced various relief measures to tackle the situation. These include providing 4 kgs of fodder at rate of Rs 2 per kg to cattle rearers, assistance of Rs 25 per livestock in cattle relief camps and employment to villagers under MNREGA, it said.
On Wednesday, Patel had presided over a high-level meeting called to assess preparedness of the state machinery to deal with water scarcity in Kutch, one of the largest districts in the country, due to scanty rainfall.
According to the government, Abdasa, Lakhpat and Rapar taluks of Kutch district have received less than 50 per cent of average rainfall, resulting in paucity of water for the people as well as livestocks.
5

AMU budges  to provide transportation to UG students for central libraryDec 05, 2014 at 11:08pm IST
AMU budges, to provide transportation to UG students for central library
8
0
Aligarh: AMU will now provide transportation every Sunday to undergraduates from its Women's College to its main library, days after the university was embroiled in a controversy over not allowing girl students there citing lack of space and security.
AMU Vice Chancellor Retired Lt. Gen. Zameer Uddin Shah has issued the orders. It said all undergraduate students of the university will be provided transportation every Sunday from its Women's College to Maulana Azad Library to avail the library facility from December 7. This facility will be initially for a period of three hours.
The Aligarh Muslim University on November 11 found itself in the midst of a controversy over not allowing access to women undergraduates to the main library in the campus even as the institution said it was due to space constraint and denied having a "sexist approach".
The University also had issued a clarification that the allegation of any sort of ban was "baseless" since more than 2,700 postgraduate girls were already members of the university library and regularly availed these facilities.
#amu #aligarh muslim university #students #library
The University also had issued a clarification that the allegation of any sort of ban was "baseless" since more than 2,700 postgraduate girls were already members of the university library and regularly availed these facilities.
However, following the controversy and directives of the Allahabad High Court, the University has now extended this facility to all girls, including undergraduates.
A spokesman of the University said that special security arrangements are being made for this purpose, including assigning the teachers to ensure that undergraduate girls are able to avail all the benefits available to other postgraduate students.
0

Indians queuing up to migrate to AustraliaIndians queuing up to migrate to Australia
Dollar jumps up on robust U.S. jobs reportDollar jumps up on robust U.S. jobs report
Anti-government protesters clash with Haiti policeAnti-government protesters clash with Haiti police
@charasala what scope for tata steelCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Wats der wen u want to earn in marketd cant u pay tax....its a 1ce s ...Platinum Member
55 Followers
Future is uncertain ??? Who has seen tomorrow dude !!! Lets get it straight : The company has gone through a tough period which has lasted for 2  years and just last quarter we saw the optimism come back into the stock..Just going by your logic, then nobody should be really buying at 52 week high..Dude , 52 week highs are there to be taken out and you will have a new 52 week high every other day/week..For a long term investor, what matters is the returns and generally speaking you would be looking for 30%   returns atleast in a bull market and buying now or when it corrects 5% more doesn`t really matter..The reason i say that is you cant be timing the market so perfectly and nobody can really to be honest with you..When you speak of short term, you need to be clear as to whether it is 1 month or 1 week that you are looking at..If its 1 week, it makes sense that you want to enter at lower levels but there are so many times when you keep waiting for that correction which never comes..Just rewind back 20 days back and you were all over the board predicting a sure shot targets of 4000 and less but did it work out ?? No right..I am not sure if stock markets are your full time business but i would say that short term trading might give you good returns but long term will give you double the profits if you invest in top quality stocks..I guess you must have heard the power of compounding and you do not want to ride against the tide...

Punditji are u confusing performance and choriGold Member
114 Followers
As the great man of value investing once said "price is what you pay…value is what you get"…..Biocon`s value / price equation is best it has been since the IPO
In reply to : stocktin message
5.35 PM Dec 6th

See now mallya in hurry because he wants revival of india`s only forme...New Member
0 Follower
See now mallya in hurry because he wants revival of India`s only former 5* airline. Every day news are coming. As early dgca wants to clear a lenders issue and funding details of airline. If mallya manage this time then before 31 dec definitely AOP will renew.
7.57 AM Dec 6th  | Track

Scientists closer to making fuel from water and sunIndia ranks 65th on tourism competitiveness index
Researchers, including one of Indian-origin, have moved one step closer to turning water and sunlight into sustainable fuel by successfully replicating a crucial step in photosynthesis.
“Water is abundant and so is sunlight. It is an exciting prospect to use them to create hydrogen, and do it cheaply and safely,” said Dr Kastoori Hingorani, from the ARC Centre of Excellence for Translational Photosynthesis in the Australian National University Research School of Biology.
Hydrogen offers potential as a zero-carbon replacement for petroleum products, and is already used for launching space craft.
However, until this work, the way that plants produce hydrogen by splitting water has been poorly understood.
The team created a protein which, when exposed to light, displays the electrical heartbeat that is the key to photosynthesis.
The system uses a naturally-occurring protein and does not need batteries or expensive metals, meaning it could be affordable in developing countries, Hingorani said.
Co-researcher Professor Ron Pace said the research opened up new possibilities for manufacturing hydrogen as a cheap and clean source of fuel.
“This is the first time we have replicated the primary capture of energy from sunlight,” Pace said.
“It’s the beginning of a whole suite of possibilities, such as creating a highly efficient fuel, or to trapping atmospheric carbon,” said Pace.
Pace said large amounts of hydrogen fuel produced by artificial photosynthesis could transform the economy.
“That carbon-free cycle is essentially indefinitely sustainable. Sunlight is extraordinarily abundant, water is everywhere â€“ the raw materials we need to make the fuel. And at the end of the usage cycle it goes back to water,” he said.
The team modified a much-researched and ubiquitous protein, Ferritin, which is present in almost all living organisms.
Ferritin’s usual role is to store iron, but the team removed the iron and replaced it with the abundant metal, manganese, to closely resemble the water splitting site in photosynthesis.
The protein also binds a haem group, which the researchers replaced with a light-sensitive pigment, Zinc Chlorin.
When they shone light onto the modified ferritin, there was a clear indication of charge transfer just like in natural photosynthesis.
The research was published in the journal BBA Bioenergetics.
TAGS: Photosynthesis
More from lifestyle
Sparks fly when egg meets sperm: Study Sparks fly when an egg meets sperm, according to a new study which found that the fertilised mammalian egg releases from its surface billions of zinc atoms that create tiny 'zinc sparks'.

How to Develop Innovative Leaders at Every Level of Your Organizationreddit
At age 22, Jennifer Prosek started a public relations company.  She was highly motivated and talented, and was able to start building a team of people to work with her. But the addition of new team members seemed to stall the growth of her company.
One day, Jennifer found herself complaining to a couple of her founding partners about how employees didn't seem fully engaged.  For the most part, they seemed to just come in and do what was asked of them, but nothing more.
Jennifer wondered, "Why aren't our employees helping us build the business?"
She and her partners realized the answer was simple: they had never asked employees to do that.
Jennifer decided that instead of seeing team members as employees, they should see them as entrepreneurs, and they should work to build an army of such entrepreneurs.
This simple insight changed everything.  Today, Prosek Partners employs 90 people and has clients around the globe.  The firm is able to attract highly talented people who are fully engaged, highly innovative, and have a true owner's mindset.   Prosek Partners has been recognized as one of the "Top Places to Work in PR" by PR News, and was named "Small Agency of the Year" by The Holmes Report.
The business results of building an army of entrepreneurs at Prosek Partners were so striking that Jennifer eventually wrote a book, appropriately called Army of Entrepreneurs , which has been praised by deans and professors at Columbia Business School, Wharton, Yale School of Management, and INSEAD.
I recently had a chance to chat with Jennifer about some of the tools she applied to create an army of entrepreneurs.
Teaching the Business Side, Not Just the Craft
The first step Jennifer took was to help the creative and communications-type people she was hiring to understand the business side of a PR firm.  Team members now receive an education that is essentially a mini-MBA.
Team members are encouraged to think of themselves as owners of the company and submit ideas that could help the business grow, and the mini-MBA training they receive gives them tools to more easily achieve both of those objectives.
One example of this is a team member who was hired strictly for PR purposes.  But when social media first came on the scene, he saw a strategic opportunity that no one else saw.
Because he has such an owner's mentality, he asked for and was granted permission to develop a social media strategy before most other PR firms even knew what social media was.  His innovative strategy was so successful that his job was eventually restructured to be entirely focused on digital communications.
Extreme Transparency
The leaders at Prosek Partners also realized that it is not very helpful to know how to use information about the business as whole unless people actually have access to that information.  Thus, there is an extreme level of transparency at Prosek.  All team members have access to the exact same information that the owners do (the only thing that is not made public is the salary of another team member, but apparently everyone talks about that anyhow).
Share the Wealth
One of the most powerful programs at Prosek Partners is a simple idea called Commission for Life.  When any team member makes an introduction between a company and Prosek Partners that results in that company becoming a client, the team member is rewarded by receiving 5% of the revenue generated by that client for the lifetime of the relationship.
There are three major benefits to this approach.
First, it provides just enough of a nudge to incentivize team members to go out of their way to talk to people about the great company they work with.  One entry level team member did just that by going and talking to a new neighbor when she learned that the neighbor was a senior leader in a company that would be an ideal client for Prosek Partners.  This company is now one of Prosek's largest clients.
Second, it's a smart marketing approach.  Instead of paying for marketing that may or may not ever lead to a new client, the program allows Prosek Partners to only pay for marketing once they're receiving revenue from a client.
Third, it further helps team members understand the business side of the firm.  For example, one team member once inquired why she didn't receive her 5% check for a couple months.  After investigating, it was learned that the client was delinquent on payment.  This was a great opportunity for her to learn about the delicate nature of extending credit and the importance of good working relationships with clients.
A Wonderful Service
In addition to creating innovative leaders at every level of an organization, there is another benefit to helping team members see themselves as owners and have both the education and information to act as such.  It is a great way to serve team members by helping them develop.
When we help people develop personally and professionally, we win on a personal level, too.  Coming to work is an enjoyable experience.  We might even find ourselves looking forward to Monday mornings.
-----
Matt Tenney is a social entrepreneur, an international keynote speaker, and the author of Serve to Be Great: Leadership Lessons from a Prison, a Monastery, and a Boardroom .
Follow Matt Tenney on Twitter: www.twitter.com/@MattTenney1
More:

Sadhvi will campaign  opp protest will boomerangLetters to the editor
Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti will campaign for BJP “as and when required” and there is no question of cancelling her rally, Union Minister M Venkaiah Naidu said today, dismissing suggestions that she was being pulled out after her controversial remarks at a public meeting here.
Warning that their protest on the issue of controversial remarks made by Jyoti, who is Minister of State for food processing industry , will “boomerang”, Naidu, who is the Parliamentary Affairs Minister, accused the opposition parties of repeatedly changing their stance and ruled out outright her resignation.
Naidu emphasised that Jyoti will continue to campaign for the BJP for the upcoming elections adding there should be no confusion in anybody’s mind.
“She will campaign as and when required. All other leaders will also campaign for the party. There is no question of cancelling anybody’s rally. It all depends on local permission…. Most our MPs are also going to campaign in the coming days in Delhi in a big way,” Naidu said.
Jyoti was to address a rally yesterday at Gole Market area in Central Delhi as part of party chief Amit Shah’s directive to around 300 BJP MPs to campaign in the city for the upcoming assembly polls but only BJP MP from Aligarh Satish Gautam came there.
Naidu claimed that Congress leaders who had made objectionable statements in the past got away because they were all “big” leaders but Jyoti was being targeted as she was “making a big impact”.
“Someone from a village….one woman, first timer to Parliament…. now they are trying to take on her because they are afraid she is influencing people in Uttar Pradesh in a big way,” Naidu said.
“I am unable to understand what is the demand of the opposition. They keep on changing their stand. One day they say apology. Second day they say, no, PM should come and then PM comes, third day they say we want resignation. And they will say tomorrow some other resignation. We cannot oblige them, people have given us the mandate,” Naidu told reporters outside Parliament.
He said the minister had herself promptly expressed regret and even Prime Minister Narendra Modi had spoken on the matter and the “issue is closed”.
“But you come out and then you demonstrate outside just to get some publicity,” Naidu said referring to the protest outside Parliament where MPs led by Rahul Gandhi wore black bands as “unfortunate”.
TAGS: Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti Venkaiah Naidu
More from miscellaneous
AAP comes out with a song to boost its campaign Aam Aadmi Party has come up with a song which is being played at all the rallies and meetings addressed by party chief Arvind Kejriwal and other leaders.

Children bear the brunt of caste abuses in rural Madhya PradeshChildren bear the brunt of caste abuses in rural MP
Sravani Sarkar , Hindustan Times  Bhopal, December 05, 2014
First Published: 23:18 IST(5/12/2014) | Last Updated: 17:45 IST(6/12/2014)
Comments
From being forced to eat mid-day meals in marked out plates to being asked to sit in the back rows of their classrooms, Dalit schoolchildren across rural Madhya Pradesh face dozens of grim abuses, a new study backed by rights group ActionAid has revealed.
A Dalit child shows a plate marked by his name used for distribution of mid-day meal in a school in Sehore district. (HT photo)
The findings fly in the face of Madhya Pradesh’s image as one of India’s fastest growing states, showing that the winds of change maybe bypassing much of its socially backward pockets. Caste discriminations were recorded in all the surveyed villages with abuses being the worst in the Bundelkhand region.
For instance, in Dahi village of Dhar district, Dalit school kids are told that they would get scholarships only after they produce photographs of family members skinning dead animals, considered their traditional occupation.
Another macabre practice was reported from Kathara village of Chhatarpur, where children are divided along caste lines before the mid-day meal is served to them.
Some of the other outrageous discriminations include stopping Dalit children from drinking water from common facilities in schools or touching mid-day meals as well as being referred to by their caste identity by teachers.
Reacting to the survey, Gyan Singh, the state minister for SC/ST welfare, said: "We, especially the chief minister, are very sensitive toward the issue.
"Whenever any incident comes to notice, we immediately direct strict action. We would be discussing the issue of discrimination in-depth during a meeting scheduled on December 11."
The survey, carried out by Dalit Adhikar Abhiyan, an umbrella organisation of about half a dozen local groups working for scheduled caste rights, covered about 62,500 people in 30 villages of 10 districts across the state.
In all, 412 Dalit families and 61 panchayat representatives and government servants of SC category were covered in the survey, which was funded by ActionAid and conducted between January and August this year. The findings were released on Friday.
The surveyed districts were Khandwa, Harda, Hoshangabad, Narsinghpur, Morena, Bhind, Rewa, Satna, Sagar and Chhatarpur.
The study catalogued some 70 kinds of discriminations, 54 of them practiced in Bundelkhand.
"Once Dalits challenge the authority of the so-called higher caste people, who are also economically stronger, discrimination turns into atrocity and violence is perpetrated commonly," said Rajendra Bandhu, one of the authors of the study.
In June 2014, Manoj, a Dalit bridegroom of Sadwa village in Chhatarpur district was beaten up along with others in marriage procession for daring to ride a mare.
Caste discriminations are also affecting the education of children with 31% children surveyed regularly staying away from school and 55% of the surveyed families saying that their children could not study properly. About 46% of Dalit children cannot muster the courage to ask questions to the teachers.
Abuses were also been reported in Anganwadi functioning, delivery of health services and distribution of subsidised ration.
According to the National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB) report of 2013, MP recorded fifth highest incidents of atrocities against dalits in the country. In 2013, 2945 cases were reported or eight incidents a day.
 
 
· Discrimination prevalent in 100% of surveyed villages. 70 kinds of discrimination identified
· Dalits not allowed to touch food and water in common gatherings, twisting their names, referring them by caste most prevalent
· Entry in temples not allowed in 80% villages. Dalits are not given haircut or shave
· 79% dalit children sit in back rows in classes, none of them allowed to drink water from common facility
· 88% discriminated against and also sometimes beaten up by teachers
· 79% can’t touch mid-day meals. Made to sit separately and plates marked in 28% cases
· 27% dalit kids can’t enter anganwadis, 35% made to sit separately
· Health field staff does not visit 65% dalit settlements
· 47% dalits not allowed entry in ration shops and 64% are given less grains. 52% given grains from a distance.

Should You Ask Your Boss For A Raisereddit
Photo credit: RENKINC1980 / iStockphoto.com
Getting a raise feels great - but asking for one, on the other hand, usually doesn't. Given that salary bumps are fairly infrequent, and increases that start out seeming significant tend to feel merely adequate over time, many people feel underpaid, undervalued or under financial duress. They want a raise, but they worry that actually asking for one creates more downside than upside.
People hate bringing up compensation so much that they often do anything to plow around the topic, including taking another job rather than facing the prospect of seeking a raise.
But the good news is that most of the time you don't actually need to initiate that conversation. Here are some guidelines on whether or not to ask for a raise based on the type of worker you are.
1. You're a solid performer. Most of us create more value than we cost. This is why we have jobs. (Face it, if we're not producing more than we cost, we should be let go.) For those who are producing a good return, any "ask" for a raise is best made in the context of a review cycle that includes compensation reviews. Most of the time, most companies carefully check industry "comps" to make salary and bonus adjustments, so it's best to fit within that cycle and within those guidelines. If you're doing a good job and your company is following best practices, you shouldn't ever need to actually ask for a raise.
2. You're a low-profile contributor. If your work is obscure, indeterminate or simply under-recognized within your firm, you may well find yourself getting offers from outside. (Or you may simply realize your market value has increased in a way that won't naturally be recognized within your organization.) While this may feel uncomfortable, it shouldn't. In these instances, you owe it to your company to make known what you're thinking. Asking for a raise is a lot easier when you're convinced that it's kinder to bring it up than it is to inform people you've taken a new job. Your company deserves a chance to respond to what you're thinking.
Understanding that it's generally not great for the enterprise if you take another job can help you turn an otherwise stressful conversation into an opportunity for joint problem-solving. One gracious way to do this is to let your boss know you're not out looking for other positions, but you're at a point where you need to understand your career path, income potential and opportunities for growth. Unless your boss is brain-dead, she'll understand that this sort of context-setting is a thoughtful way to bring up the subject of compensation in a strategic, long-term, win-win way. And she should respond in kind - that is, if you're as valuable as you think you are. If not, you should know it and be open to considering your options.
3. You're an obvious star. This means you've already made the most articulate request possible for getting a raise - by deserving one in an incontrovertible way. The value you provide so far outstrips your cost that you can't be replaced at anything close to the value you're creating.
Here's how to know if you're hitting this mark: You complete every assignment ahead of time and budget. You come up with creative, game-changing ideas to cultivate valuable contacts, along the way delighting customers and teammates alike. You remove burdens from your boss. You take on the thorniest problems and solve them, and you create great team dynamics, spreading harmony wherever you go.
If I've just described you, your leaders will likely be looking for ways to reward you, to keep competitors from hiring you and to give you new challenges on your way to sainthood. Odds are, you'll never have to verbalize a request for a salary adjustment or bonus payment as you secure major leadership assignments; your achievements will simply speak for you. Spectacular performance - including team dynamics and helping others to grow - is the most articulate way to seek a raise.
When I'm working with people who deserve raises - i.e. they're underpaid for what they're delivering - I find myself thinking about ways to keep them engaged and fairly compensated. Are they happy? Challenged? Paid enough? Learning? Working with the right people to develop their skills? Getting the right feedback? (Usually, this triggers thoughts beyond considerations of take-home pay.)
Keep in mind that there's an even worse condition than being underpaid - and that's being overpaid. If you're in that boat, you'll feel vulnerable to being replaced - and you probably should be. Business leaders are duty-bound by obligations to investors and shareholders to optimize all factors of production. And face it, you are a part of the cost structure. Your overcompensation has put a target on your back. Once you can be replaced for a lot less, it's natural to wonder when the ax will fall. Consider, then, the opposite of asking for a raise. Suggest putting some of your comp on performance milestones or exploring ways to improve your skillset or contributions.
While asking for a raise may be a high-stress conversation, being on the receiving end isn't fun either. It's your boss's job to make it easy on you; but it's up to you to take her up on the invitation. Either way, stay in close touch about how compensation is working, what the market is and what the other ways are to increase the rewards of work. These should always include things like finding meaning, working with people you like and respect, learning new skills and growing personally by taking on responsibilities and earning long-term, equity-based rewards.
Don't ever fear talking about what you want. You're doing a service to the organization, and to yourself, to make sure things work for both of you. When they don't, you're not likely to do your best work, and your organization is not likely to deliver its best work environment, either.
Follow Joel Peterson on LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/in/joelpetersongsb and Twitter: www.twitter.com/JoelCPeterson
Follow Joel Peterson on Twitter: www.twitter.com/JoelCPeterson
More:

J-K under attack: Militants strike ahead of Modi s visit  11 security men among 21 killedTwenty-one people, including 11 security men, were killed in a string of militant strikes in Kashmir Friday, days ahead of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visit to campaign for the assembly elections.
 
In the deadliest attack, heavily-armed militants stormed an army camp in the border town of Uri, killing three policemen and eight army men, including a lieutenant colonel, before the third phase of state elections Tuesday (December 9).
 
Six militants were also killed in the gun battle that began after the insurgents cut through a wire fence around the heavily-fortified artillery camp and fired rocket-propelled grenades at the security forces in their bunkers. The gunfight lasted close to six hours.
Army soldiers search for suspected militants as smoke rises from a bunker after a gunbattle in Mohra in Uri. (Reuters Photo)
In the other attacks -- all within 12 hours of the Uri strike -- two Lashkar-e-Taiba militants were killed in an encounter in Soura as they tried to sneak into Srinagar while gunmen hurled a grenade at a bus stop in Tral in south Kashmir, killing two civilians and injuring five. Militants also fired at a police search party in Shopian near Srinagar, but there were no casualties.
 
Modi condemned the attacks and said they were "desperate attempts to derail the atmosphere of hope" in the wake of a high voter turnout in the first two phases of polling.
"125 crore Indians bow to our brave Army men who sacrificed their lives. These men lived & died for the nation. We won't forget them," he tweeted.
Chief minister Omar Abdullah wrote on the micro-blogging site, "... (the attack) shows the desperate levels militants will go to disrupt peace and normalcy."
 
Defence minister Manohar Parrikar said it was possible the attack “happened because of elections”.
 
Police said the Lashkar-e-Taiba's Soura attack was aimed at disrupting Modi's upcoming visit and plans by BJP ministers to campaign in the city.
"We are looking at this attack in the context of the upcoming visit of the Prime Minister. As of now, all we can reveal is that they (the militants) were out to create terror in Srinagar," AG Mir, inspector general of police, Kashmir range, told Hindustan Times.
 
The Prime Minister's Monday poll rally venue at the Sher-i-Kashmir Stadium is less than 10 km away from the Soura encounter site where top Lashkar commander Qari Israr was killed in a three-hour gunfight.
 
Authorities have beefed up security around the venue with reports of more militants active in the Valley, who may have sneaked into the city too, said sources.
 
The attacks came close on the heels of outlawed Jamaat-ud-Dawah chief Hafiz Saeed, the mastermind behind the 2008 Mumbai terror attacks, saying the Kashmir election was no substitute for a plebiscite, which India promised more than six decades ago.
 
"Pakistanis and Kashmiris are blood brothers and they cannot be separated," Saeed, who roams around freely in Pakistan, told supporters in Pakistan. "The elections in Kashmir cannot be a substitute of plebiscite."
 
He told thousands of people Friday his organisation would continue to help the Kashmiris.  "No one can stop us in our just struggle," Saeed said at a Jamaat-ud-Dawah convention in Lahore.
 
The violence comes as the BJP makes its most serious bid yet to win power in the state, banking on votes in the Hindu-majority Jammu region, and Buddhist Ladakh. It is also capitalising on the rise of independents and splits elsewhere in Muslim-majority Kashmir.
 
The Peoples Democratic Party is expected to emerge as the single largest party in the state where anger against the ruling National Conference is running high.
 
Turnout has been high so far in with over 70% of the electorate defying a poll boycott call by separatists to vote in the first two phases of the election in a bid to stop the BJP from making inroads in the Valley.
Rajnath slams Pakistan
Accusing Pakistan of giving shelter to terrorists, Union home minister Rajnath Singh said militants wanted to trigger fear psychosis among people in Jammu and Kashmir and they were frustrated by the high voter turnout.
    
Targeting Pakistan, he said, "Militants are entering this country from Pakistan and resorting to death and destruction here."
 
"Is it not true that these terrorists get shelter on Pakistan's soil? ... but they (the neighbour country) keeps denying the fact."
At the recently held Hindustan Times Leadership Summit, the home minister had said terrorism in India was "completely Pakistan-sponsored".
     
"If Pakistan is facing problems in stopping this (terrorism), then they should talk to India. We are willing to help them," Singh said on Friday, talking to reporters at Pargwal border belt of Jammu district and in Rajouri during the course of addressing poll rallies.
(with agency inputs)

Today s youth vote for growth over Babri disputeDecember 6, 1992 was a black letter day in India’s history when a political rally turned violent and Hindu hardliners demolished a 16th century mosque in Ayodhya.
Advertisement
The demolition, which resulted in riots that lasted weeks and killed over 2,000 people, remains a major political and religious talking point among country’s leaders and a large part of its population. But for most of those born in the post-demolition era, the Ayodhya dispute is a non-issue.
Several youth from both Hindu and Muslim communities told HT that they believe the dispute is a thing of the past and should remain that way. India has bigger things to worry about, they say.
Many of them, who were either not born then or were just toddlers when the incident occurred, said political parties and people should focus on the country’s future, and that digging the issue out every now and then in the name of religion or for political reasons was blasphemy in itself.
“I was a small child in Lucknow when the Babri Masjid was demolished. The demolition never affected my life,” said Samina Bano, 30, an educationist and founding chairperson of Bharat Abhyudaya Foundation, Lucknow.
The IIM Bengaluru graduate further urged all stakeholders to bury this issue and focus on developing together as a nation. “As a responsible adult dedicated to finding answers to the real problems plaguing our country, like quality of elementary education, I urge the Centre and state governments, political parties and members of the public, both Hindus and Muslims, to take this opportunity to demonstrate our progressive vision to the world and build the largest school, hospital or university on that land,” she said.
Samina said she would want the piece of land to become a symbol of communal harmony and development. “If building a Ram temple (on the site) can bring peace to the country, I won’t mind it being built.”
Shantanu, a college student equated the rhetorical debate on Ayodhya dispute to “scratching an old wound”. 
“It just causes more pain and doesn’t let the wound heal. Religion is important, but what’s more important is faith and what religions preach; no religion preaches violence. It is important for the government to give priority to issues that are affecting the population of our country. India has the youngest population in the world. We need to tap this resource before it diminishes,” he said.
“It is time we settle this matter so we can invest our energy towards our country’s economic prosperity and social harmony. Let’s focus on issues like job creation,” said 22-year-old social worker Taruka Srivastava.
Priyesh Gupta, a medical aspirant, now 18, was born in the post-demolition era. “I don’t know whose land it was or is. But if there is God and if you have faith in Him, then rest assured He doesn’t want people to fight over a piece of land,” he said.
 

White House shovel  used at the groundbreaking of the JFK living memorial and two others  was a star of the Kennedy Center ceremony.By Peggy McGlone December 5 Follow https://twitter.com/PeggyMcGlone
White House staffers Donna Hayashi Smith and William Allman unwrap a ceremonial shovel used by President Lyndon B. Johnson at the groundbreaking for the original Kennedy Center in 1964. (Photo by Bill O’Leary/The Washington Post)
There were so many oohs and ahhs, you would have thought it was a baby that Kennedy Center Chairman David Rubenstein was showing off to the crowd.
But it was a shovel – a spade, really – though an old and historical one. And right after the garden tool’s big reveal, its business end was shoved into a patch of black dirt as cameras flashed and cheers erupted.
“It was a little hard for us” to watch, White House Curator William Allman said about that moment, the highlight of the groundbreaking ceremony Thursday  that launched the arts center’s first major expansion.
The event came 50 years to the week that President Lyndon B. Johnson – using the same spade – broke ground for the original facility, a living memorial to President John F. Kennedy. That ceremony, on Dec. 2, 1964, was the last time the spade was in the spotlight.
But it wasn’t the first. Allman said the tool had been used at the groundbreaking ceremony for the Lincoln Memorial on Feb. 12, 1914 – though contrary to legend it wasn’t handled by President William Howard Taft because the president wasn’t at the ceremony.
That event and most of the others – the groundbreaking of the amphitheater at Arlington Cemetery on March 1, 1915, and the memorial to Gen. George Meade on March 28, 1922 – are memorialized in plaques on the spade’s handle.
Oddly, the groundbreaking of the Jefferson Memorial on Dec. 15, 1938 isn’t commemorated on the handle, though Allman said it is featured in photographs of the event. President Franklin D. Roosevelt, seated in a car, is either giving the tool to a park service officer, or taking it from him, he said.
“What you can see in the pictures is some of the labels, a part of one, a whole of one. I don’t think there’s any question it’s the same shovel,” he said.
Allman knows a lot of its history, but he doesn’t know the whole story of what he described as a special item of the collection.
“We can’t tell exactly how we got the shovel, it was probably inherited by the White House horticulturist,” he said. “Usually it lives in storage off-site.”
Kennedy Center officials ask to borrow the spade for the groundbreaking of its $100 million project. Designed by Steven Holl, the expansion will add 60,000 square feet of rehearsal, classroom and performance space. It is projected to open on May 29, 2017, the 100th anniversary of JFK’s birth.
Allman and his colleague Donna Hayashi Smith had swaddled it in blankets and carried it to the arts center for the morning ceremony. Afterward, they took it back to the White House and carefully wiped the dirt from its flat blade. Like many of the items in the White House, the tool is used from time to time.
“The White House is a little different from other museums. We let people sit on the furniture, walk on the rugs. We have to accept that,” he said.
The spade is ready to go back into its container and return to storage, Allman said, although he wasn’t sure if it will return with a new plaque commemorating its latest star turn.
“We haven’t talked about that,” he said.
Peggy McGlone joined the Washington Post in 2014 as its local arts reporter. Prior to that, she covered the arts for The Star-Ledger in New Jersey for more than a decade.

Photos: World s most beautiful bank towersBank of America Tower (Second from left)
Architects: Cook + Fox Architects, LLP; Adamson Associates
The Bank of America Tower was named for its owner, the Bank of America, since 2006 the largest bank in... more 
Bank of America Tower (Second from left)
Architects: Cook + Fox Architects, LLP; Adamson Associates
The Bank of America Tower was named for its owner, the Bank of America, since 2006 the largest bank in the U.S.A.
The skyscraper was officially the second-tallest building in New York until the topping-out of One World Trade Center in May 2013. less 
1 / 20
Yahoo Finance India | Photo by DON EMMERT / AFP
Mon 10 Feb, 2014 11:30 AM IST

There is a second Eric Garner video. It may be more disturbing than the first.Post by Taisha Allen .
 
There is a second Eric Garner video . It shows not the now-infamous scene that ultimately led to his death — the confrontation with New York Police Department officers, one grabbing Garner around his neck, Garner's body thrown to the ground — but the aftermath. For seven minutes, a disgusted bystander continues to film as Garner lies, unmoving, on the sidewalk, police officers involved in the incident milling around him.
The video was originally posted on Facebook over the summer but has received renewed attention after a grand jury decided not to indict an officer involved in the altercation. As Harry Siegel at the New York Daily News points out , this video is almost more disturbing — or disturbing in a way that says something slightly different about Garner and the officers in question. About Garner: If he appears in the first video as the subject of police aggression, here he barely seems to warrant their attention at all. About the officers: They betray no sense of urgency or concern as they wait for first responders. It's as if the event were almost banal.
The moment is much shorter than the four-and-a-half hours Michael Brown's body lay in the street after his death. But it says something similar, that the way we treat a body reflects how we value the life.
Emily Badger is a reporter for Wonkblog covering urban policy. She was previously a staff writer at The Atlantic Cities.

Chill in poll thaw: 8 Armymen die in Uriattack— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) December 5, 2014
125 crore Indians bow to our brave Army men who sacrificed their lives. These men lived & died for the nation. We won’t forget them.
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) December 5, 2014
Six militants were also killed in the attack at the Army camp which is 20 km from the Line of Control (LoC), official sources said.
Another pic of food items carried by the slain terrorists in Uri. They were prepared for a long haul. @IndianExpress pic.twitter.com/O2TV2gtgdv
— Man Aman Chhina (@manaman_chhina) December 5, 2014
Chief Minister Omar Abdullah termed the attack as a desperate attempt by militants to disrupt peace in the state. “Once again shows the  desperate levels militants will go to disrupt peace and normalcy,” he tweeted.
Officials said that after crossing the LoC, the militants, who were dressed in army fatigues, fired on an army patrol and then killed three guards at the gate of the camp. While one militant took position at the gate, five others went inside and opened fire, killing two more personnel of the artillery unit.
The militant at the gate, on the other hand, attacked a police party led by Uri’s Sub Divisional Police Officer, which came near the camp, killing three policemen, including an assistant sub inspector.
A defence spokesperson in Srinagar said, “Troops in the camp retaliated immediately and engaged the militants. Neighbouring units immediately mobilised their Quick Reaction Teams (QRT) and surrounded the area.”
An army spokesman said as QRT vehicles from the neighbouring 24 Punjab Battalion reached the camp, the militant at the gate opened fire on them. A couple of vehicles went off the road and overturned, killing three army personnel, including Lt Colonel Sankalp Kumar (40), Havaldar Subhash Chand (40) and Lance Naik Gurmail Singh (36). While the family of Kumar, who was the second-in-command of his unit, lives in Danapur Cantt, Chand was from Chamba district of Himachal Pradesh and Singh from Makhanpur in Jammu.
The army spokesman said, “The militant at the gate was immediately eliminated by the troops. During the operation, a barrack also caught fire, presumably because of a kerosene heater, in which some soldiers got trapped. The operation lasted for six hours and by 9.30 am all the militants were eliminated.”
The fact that the militants split in groups — with one taking position at the gate to counter the reaction teams — showed “planning and training”, said Army sources in Delhi. The army said six automatic rifles with 55 magazines, two shotguns, two night-vision binoculars, four radio sets, 32 unused grenades, a medical kit and and a large quantity of warlike stores that could have sustained them for four or five days were recovered from the slain militants. Sources said the attackers, who had possibly planned a seige and take hostages, knew the topography of the area.
After the attack, the army launched a massive search operation in neighbouring Boneyar and Rampur areas.
Other armymen who were killed have been identified as Naik Panna Lal Yadav (35) from Mauliya in Azamgarh; Gunner Satnam Singh (32) from Amritsar; Lance Naik Sukhwinder Singh (31) from Sooch in Bhatinda; DMT Kuldeep Kumar (27) from Kheri Bullan in Jind; and Gunner Manpreet Singh (28) from Gurdaspur.
Apart from the Mohura attack, there were three more militancy-related incidents in the Kashmir valley. Two militants were killed at Ahmadnagar neighbourhood in the outskirts of Srinagar when they walked into J&K police’s mobile check-point. “The militants were asked to stop at a checking point but they tried to escape and were killed in an encounter,’’ Inspector General of Police, Kashmir range, Abdul Gani Mir said. He said the police had set up check-points at various places ahead of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s Srinagar visit on December 8. “The militants who were killed were planning to enter the city,” Mir said. One of the militants was identified as Qari Asrar of Lashkar-e-Toiba.
In South Kashmir’s poll-bound Tral and Shopian towns, militants hurled grenades at security forces. While there was no casualty at Shopian, two civilians were killed and six were injured in the grenade blast in Tral.

Cleveland boys family files wrongful death lawsuitBy Sarah Larimer December 5 Follow @slarimer
Demonstrators block Public Square on Nov. 25, 2014, in Cleveland, during a protest over the weekend police shooting of Tamir Rice. The 12-year-old was fatally shot by a Cleveland police officer Saturday after he reportedly pulled a replica gun at the city park. (AP Photo/Tony Dejak)
The estate of a 12-year-old boy who was fatally shot while carrying a toy gun in Cleveland has filed a lawsuit against the police officers who were involved in the incident, as well as the city, court documents show.
The eight-page complaint, filed Friday in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Ohio , claims that Timothy Loehmann and Frank Garmback used excessive and unnecessary force against Tamir Rice, and caused his wrongful death.
Tamir was shot on Nov. 22  at a local park in Cleveland , when Loehmann and Garmback responded to a 911 call about a person pointing a gun. The caller noted that the firearm was “probably fake,” but that message wasn’t passed on to police, and the gun’s orange safety cap was missing.
Loehmann shot Tamir in the stomach, and the boy died early the next day. He lay on the ground without medical treatment for at least four minutes after the shooting, the lawsuit claims.
“As a direct and proximate result of the conduct of Defendants City of Cleveland, Loehmann, and Garmback, Tamir Rice suffered terror and fear as Defendants Loehmann and Garmback approached him with their cruiser and their guns,” the court filing reads. “Tamir Rice also suffered physical injury, pain, torture, emotional and psychological trauma, and eventually died as a result of the use of force and failure to provide adequate medical care described above.”
Editor's note: This video contains graphic content. The family of Tamir Rice, the 12-year-old boy who was shot and killed by police while carrying a BB gun in a Cleveland park, authorized the release of surveillance footage showing the incident. (Cleveland Police)
 
Surveillance footage released last month shows the 26-year-old Loehmann, a rookie officer who struggled at another department earlier in his law enforcement career , jumping out of a cruiser and shooting Rice within seconds of arriving on the scene.
“Young boys playing with replica guns are commonplace in America and police are expected to approach them safely if an investigation is warranted,” the complaint reads, “not shoot them dead within two seconds.”
The lawsuit lists Elizabeth Goodwin, administrator for the estate, as the plaintiff. Attorneys listed on the court filings did not immediately respond to an e-mail seeking comment. A spokesman for the city of Cleveland also did not immediately respond to a telephone message and an e-mail.

IITians shun fat paychecks to start their own ventures  inspired by alumni entrepreneursYou are here: Home > Collections > Ventures
IITians shun fat paychecks to start their own ventures, inspired by success of IIT alumni startups
Sreeradha D Basu & Devina Sengupta, ET Bureau Dec 6, 2014, 06.44AM IST
Tags:
BITS Pilani
(A startup boom in India and…)
MUMBAI: At least 40 students in the batch of 2015 across Indian Institutes of Technology have decided to shun the lure of fat paycheques to start their own ventures, buoyed by the success of several existing startups and increasing presence of venture capitalists.
And it's not just tech-based enterprises these IITians are venturing into; they will get into spaces such as tourism, hiring, music and food.
"The confidence to pursue entrepreneurial ventures right out of college (or when in college) has increased owing to the successes of recent IIT startups," said Mohak Mehta, BTech student representative for IIT Bombay. "More venture capitalists interested in ideas of young engineers, a lot of entrepreneurship clubs and entrepreneurship courses now offered in colleges help in nurturing both the talent and confidence of students to convert their thoughts into successful business ventures," he said.
Take the case of Vishesh Sharma, a fourth-year ceramic engineering student at IIT-BHU (Varanasi). He, along with three juniors — Pratik Pawar, Trilok Sharma and Sourab Pareek — started Internlelo.com last year to help companies hire interns from top colleges including the IITs, NITs and BITS Pilani. Three more IITians joined them and the sevenmember team developed a software that filters resumes, and their clients include software firm Intuit and startup GetMeAShop.com.
Internlelo expects a turnover of.`27-28 lakh this fiscal and that's encouragement enough for Sharma to let go of a job opportunity.
Students like Sharma are encouraged by a thriving entrepreneurial ecosystem at IIT incubation centres, success stories of many alumni, and the option of deferred placements announced at many of the IITs this year.
A startup boom in India, with around 800 new ventures launched every year, and billions of dollars in funding from big names like Tiger Global and Softbank, are the other key factors encouraging students to take the entrepreneur plunge.
They are not afraid of failures. Rhythm Gupta, a student at IIT Delhi, dropped an academic year to quench his entrepreneurial thirst when he teamed up with some classmates to develop Cibola, an e-wallet system for electronic payments. But Reserve Bank guidelines and bank regulations forced them to shut down the startup last month.
Gupta, 21, is already working with some seniors on another startup. He is keen to complete his computer science degree in the next academic year, but has no plans to go for campus recruitment
Where is the fun if you don't follow your dreams?" he said.
IIT Bombay last year had just one student opting for deferred placements. This year the number has gone up to 11 and the college expects 5-10 more to start their own ventures right after college.
For IIT Kanpur, the number has shot up to 14 in batch 2015 from five in batch 2014, while 5-6 students at IIT Guwahati have shunned campus hiring this time compared to three last year.
Not all IITs keep track of students who opt out of placements to start their own ventures, but they all unanimously agree that the number has never been this high.
IIT Delhi has at least 100 students opting out of placements this year (including those pursuing higher studies) but has no records of how many have decided to pursue the startup path. The institute stated that there has been a 'significant increase' in students opting for their own ventures.
  Many middle class families without any business background, too, are increasingly supporting their children's entrepreneurial ambition.
Kunal Kumar Rakesh of IIT Kanpur is one such student. He is now working with his batch mates Manoranjan Dev and Wasim Akram Sheikh to develop an app and website to solve logistical problems faced by tourists.
There are also many students who are yet to make up their mind on whether to accept a good job offer or try build their startups.
Abhishek S (name changed) has received a highly luring offer from an Indian firm but he is also tempted to continue with his venture incubated a year ago. His three classmates and co-owners of the startup too have received job offers from top paymasters and all are in two-minds. "We will discuss the scalability of our business and take a call," Abhishek said. "Parents will not be very happy but we have the IIT -Delhi pedigree."
One tempting factor for students could be the increasing presence of startups — many formed by IIT alumni — in campus recruitments. A few days ago ET reported that around 1,000-1,200 offers are expected to come in from startups and ecommerce companies for IIT students graduating next year.
FEATURED ARTICLES

After peace  Kashmir burns again; 21 killed | Policy on Kashmir has not changed: USYou are here: Home > Collections > Srinagar
21 killed in terror attacks ahead of PM Narendra Modi's visit in Kashmir
Masood Hussain & BHAVNA VIJ AURORA, ET Bureau Dec 6, 2014, 06.44AM IST
Tags:
Ajai Sahni
(Modi condemned the attacks…)
SRINAGAR | NEW DELHI: Terrorists struck in Kashmir on Friday, leaving 21 people dead in multiple attacks, days before PM Narendra Modi is due to make a campaign stop in Srinagar in an election that has thus far seen voters turn out in unprecedented numbers in a strong rejection of the separatists' boycott call. The main attack took place in Uri, its ferocity reminiscent of the days when militancy was at its peak in Kashmir in 1990-95.
Modi condemned the attacks as "desperate attempts to derail the atmosphere of hope and goodwill as seen by increased voter turnout" and said he wouldn't be changing his plans to travel to Kashmir. He also called Army Chief Gen Dalbir Suhag for a meeting on security preparedness. Election Commission officials said they are unlikely to change the poll schedule, with three out of a total five phases yet to be completed.
The timing of the attacks is crucial. After two massively polled phases, Kashmir is readying for another one on Tuesday with Modi's maiden public speech in Srinagar slated for Monday.
Also, Friday was a state holiday for Sheikh Abdullah's birth anniversary. Besides this, the attacks come as the army has been seeking to reach out to the community with some of its personnel being prosecuted and punished for wrongful deaths. Home ministry officials discerned a pattern to the attacks. They also said the two militants killed as they tried to enter Srinagar may have been targeting the prime minister's rally.
Bloody Friday Started at 3 am
The attacks took place in four places in north, south and central Kashmir in a span of 12 hours. The fatalities included eight soldiers, eight militants, three policemen and two civilians.
Bloody Friday started early at about 3 am with the attack in Uri, seen as an unlikely target as it's part of a fortified border belt — this is the first time it's been hit. Six militants, armed to the teeth and dressed in white uniforms, barged into a local garrison at Mahura housing the 31 Field Regiment and also the location of an ammunition depot. Police sources said while guards outside the main gate killed one of the militants, the rest managed to get inside.
Though the close combat between the two sides was over by around 10 am, almost seven hours after they entered, a series of mop-up operations took place before the exercise was declared complete. Eight soldiers were killed, including Lt Col Sankalp Kumar. A local sub-divisional police officer (SDPO) was also killed along with three of his colleagues.
All the militants were killed. Five soldiers were injured.
The slain militants haven't been identified, an army spokesperson said, adding that six AK rifles with 55 magazines, two shotguns, two night vision binoculars, four radio sets and 32 unused grenades were among the materiel recovered. As reporters were busy waiting for the conclusion of the operation in Uri, two militants were intercepted by police in the Ahmednagar area of Srinagar. In the exchange of fire, one militant was killed and the other took shelter in a house before being killed in the next half hour. Police identified one of the two as Lashkare-Toiba commander Qari Israr and termed the operation a big success.
  As the day progressed, it was time for Juma namaz in Shopian. While people were offering prayers, a grenade was lobbed in the direction of the police station, but it hit a large chinar tree without causing loss of life or property. Some cops dismissed this as "barely a defused grenade".
Meanwhile, in militancy-infested Tral, independent candidate Abdul Rashid Sheikh had parked his vehicle and had gone into the mosque to offer Friday prayers. Militants tossed a grenade toward one of vehicles, killing two and injuring more than 25.
"Once again shows the desperate levels militants will go to disrupt peace and normalcy," Chief Minister Omar Abdullah tweeted. He hoped Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh would "take steps to plug the gaps in CI (confidential informants') grid". Singh, for his part, was blunt in directing his criticism across the border during a campaign speech in Rajouri. "Why is it that people who indulge in such activities hide in Pakistan? Should Pakistan not answer? I think Pakistan should try to stop these incidents. If they can't, they should speak to India about it," Singh said on Friday.
Congress leader Ghulam Nabi Azad was cryptic in his comments in Beerwa, where Omar Abdullah is contesting."Both internal and external forces are responsible for these attacks in Kashmir," Azad told reporters on the sidelines of a rally. "They don't want the democratic process of elections to go smoothly in the region. There are some political parties which are in league with these agencies."

BOND REPORT: Two-year Treasury Yield Sees Largest...BOND REPORT: Two-year Treasury Yield Sees Largest...
Bon apptit: Obamas Republic Day meals will be made in AmericaBarack Obama’s Republic Day meals will be made in America
Pramit Pal Chaudhuri , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 06, 2014
First Published: 00:45 IST(6/12/2014) | Last Updated: 09:50 IST(6/12/2014)
Comments
When US President Barack Obama sits down to a banquet during his January visit to New Delhi, the food on his plate will outwardly look identical to those of the other guests. In reality, it will be an exact copy prepared by a White House steward (chef).
President Barack Obama and Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the Martin Luther King Jr Memorial in Washington. (PTI Photo)
This is standard security practice for US presidents. Ex-secret service bodyguard Joseph Petro recounts in his 2005 memoir how menus for formal dinners would be sent days before to the White House, the ingredients procured, and a carbon copy dish made by stewards just before the meal was served.
But presidents do wander around. Obama enjoys taking his family around Washington for meals -- and has a taste for foreign and exotic cuisines.
In these cases, a special detachment of Secret Service men appear at the restaurant hours before the presidential party arrives, vets the staff, inspects -- if not tastes -- the ingredients, and then keeps a close watch on the cooking process.
Condiments like ketchup and mustard, and of course water, are brought from the White House.
In the tense period after 9/11, Secret Service men were known to wash spotty glasses and dishes -- presumably with biochemical toxin concerns in mind. When Obama came to India in 2010, a team of doctors from JJ Hospital, Mumbai, helped the Secret Service in their food-testing tasks.
Things get especially hairy during huge events like a US inauguration, when a president and his first lady can flit back and forth between a dozen balls and dinners. Inspection teams from the US Federal Drug Administration work with the Secret Service to keep the meals for even the guests secured. In the 2009 swearing-in, over 100,000 meals were supervised.
Petro explained the philosophy, “Nothing edible gets near the president unless we know where it comes from and who has handled it.” Sometimes that can lead to embarrassing moments. In March last year, Obama had to stick to bottled water during a lunch hosted by Republican Congressmen because someone had failed to screen the lobster salad. The lunch, part of a set of talks on a budget compromise, was also a legislative failure.

J-K: Terror tactic to keep turnout low at Modi rallyJ-K: Terror tactic to keep turnout low at Modi rally
Exit at 41 .. greed is not good.. made a quick buckCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

On chart it is showing lower top lower bottom.Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

I am holding it when it was 450 3 year back. after that i got bonus to...New Member
1 Followers
i am sure we all are intelligent enough by trusting a company and investing in it. now if we are so intelligent then why r u worried with 10-20 correction. if u have a long term view of 6-8 months then benefits will come ur way. dont compare it with wocky... it is rising because of operators .. check growth etc of the company. will reap benwfits if u have weak hands leave stock and then u will see big guys enter. and then u cry.. check persistent in a month stock fall to 40 percent and rose in 4 days to 60 percent.. do u think u r still intelligent   company will not stop selling medications it iw not policy driven stocks like banks
In reply to : manju_rocks message
10.36 PM Dec 5th

Wait till next quarter now.the stock price will be arpubd 37-38 till t...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

THE EDGE - HEALTHCARE22:25 pm Here's what to expect from FOMC meet ahead
- in FII View
22:21 pm Fin assets catching up: Will 2015 be the year of equities?
- in CNBC-TV18 Comments
21:29 pm '12 technologies can add up to $1 tn to eco value in India'
- in 24X7booking

Sadhvi row: Furious Oppn forces Modi to call for truceSeeking truce with agitating opposition members over controversial remarks made by Minister Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today said the matter should be put to rest after her apology, but it failed to satisfy them.
Making a statement in the Lok Sabha, he emphasised that everyone should understand limits in public discourse.
“… it is our duty that we understand our limits in public life and stay within our limits while making public discourse.
“Now we should allow the matter to rest and we should continue with our work in national interest,” Modi said.
The Prime Minister’s statement, however, failed to mollify the opposition members, including Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi, who had tied black cloth on their mouth, as they staged a walkout.
Stating that the Rajya Sabha has not been functioning for some time now, Modi said, “I am grateful to all members of the Lok Sabha that they allowed the House to function despite the sensitivity of the issue.”
Even before the Parliament took up the issue, Modi said he had expressed his disapproval and sternly asked BJP MPs against using such words.
“Nobody can approve such things,” he said.
Noting that the matter should be put to rest as the Minister has already apologised, Modi said her social background that she is from a village should be taken into account.
“It is the duty of the distinguished members of the House that when a colleague seeks apology, we should be magnanimous,” he said.
TAGS: Narendra Modi Parliament Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti
More from miscellaneous
AAP comes out with a song to boost its campaign Aam Aadmi Party has come up with a song which is being played at all the rallies and meetings addressed by party chief Arvind Kejriwal and other leaders.

10 essential health tips for womenShare 0
1. WEIGHT WATCH:
Losing weight is the stepping stone to healthier you. Begin with basic balance of all nutrients and cut calories. Commence the day with a wholesome breakfast with atleast carbs, ... more 
1. WEIGHT WATCH:
Losing weight is the stepping stone to healthier you. Begin with basic balance of all nutrients and cut calories. Commence the day with a wholesome breakfast with atleast carbs, protein, fruits or veggies, interspersed with small meals and snacks in-between.  Friend fiber by opting for whole grains, legumes, fresh produce that are minimally processed and are a storehouse of vivacity.  Slimming down will thin down your risk of heart disease and cancer. less 
1 / 21
Yahoo Lifestyle | Photo by Geetha Ghaliyavar / Thinkstock
Wed 8 May, 2013 11:30 AM IST

NSE Nifty to hit 9 500 by end-2015 on capital inflows: GoldmanSachsDirect equity set to top FDs as biggest asset class in FY15: Report
Top US brokerage Goldman Sachs today said it is bullish on India and sees Nifty hitting 9,500 -mark by end-2015 due to strong capital inflows in the country which is expected to become fastest-growing large emerging market economy in the 2016-18 period.
“We stay overweight on cyclical recovery and reform progress and expects Nifty to reach 9,500 at end-2015,” Goldman Sachs Chief Asia Pacific Regional Equity Strategist Timothy Moe told reporters here.
The 50-share NSE benchmark index today ended at 8,564.
“We forecast a large balance of payments surplus in 2015 driven by a narrowing of the current account deficit and strong capital inflows. We forecast mid-teens earnings growth in 2015-16 largely driven by banks, IT and a few cyclical sectors,” he said.
The Wall Street brokerage, in a report, said it expects capital inflows to increase in 2015 due to stronger FDI and resilient portfolio inflows in Asia’s third largest economy.
FDI flows are to be driven by improving medium term growth prospects, removal of restrictions of flows and (investment) commitments by Japan, the US and China over the past few months. We estimate a balance of payments surplus of about USD 50 billion in 2015, it said.
“The headline CPI inflation likely to fall in 2015 to 5.8 per cent from 7.3 per cent in 2014, driven by lower commodity prices. This would provide some room for the RBI to cut policy rates by 50 bps in H12015,” Goldman Sachs Chief India Economist Tushar Poddar said.
“We are also positive on the Indian rupee due to our expectation of a large balance of payment surplus, driven by somewhat narrower current account deficit as well as large FDI and portfolio inflows,” Poddar said.
Expectation of an increase in investments in 2015 is based on easier financial conditions, government measures to remove red-tape and focus on boosting investment, he said.
The brokerage forecast the economy to expand by 6.3 per cent in 2015 and 6.8 per cent in 2016.
“Our forecasts imply India will become the fastest growing large emerging market economy over the 2016-18 period, overtaking China,” it said.
TAGS: Goldman Sachs NSE Nifty
More from indianmarkets

Sonakshi watches new release  Action Jackson with brother  Maanyata Duttentertainment
Sonakshi watches new release, ‘Action Jackson’ with brother, Maanyata Dutt
Sonakshi Sinha was super-excited as she attended a screening of her film, ‘Action Jackson’, on Thursday (December 4) in Mumbai. Her brother, Luv also joined the actress, while Sanjay Dutt’s wife Maanyata was also seen at the movie premiere.
Lead actress of ‘Action Jackson’, Sonakshi Sinha was all smiles, looking chic in an all-black avatar. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
The actress was clearly excited about the ‘action’ flick. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Sanjay Dutt’s wife Maanyata picked a pretty floral blouse with black pants and wedges for the night. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Sonakshi’s mother, Poonam Sinha was also present, smiling widely for the shutterbugs. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Sonakshi’s brother, Luv poses for a picture along with filmmaker Rajkumar Santoshi and his wife Manila. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Producer Krishika Lulla of Eros International along with husband Sunil. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Model and actress Anindita Nayar was lovely in a black and white number. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Related

Government relaxes norms for licenses for e-rickshaw driversBiz leaders in manufacturing sector optimistic about next  year: Survey
The government today approved relaxation in norms for e-rickshaw drivers, paving the way for the battery-operated vehicles to ply on national capital roads, which were banned by the Delhi High Court on safety concerns.
“Cabinet has approved relaxation in norms for driving licences for e-rickshaw drivers,” a source said after the Cabinet meeting here.
“The norms have been relaxed for issuing licences for e-rickshaw drivers. The provision that no person shall be granted a learner’s licence to drive a commercial vehicle unless he or she has held a driving licence for light motor vehicle for at least one year has been waived,” another source said.
E-rickshaw is a legal entity and any driver passing the driving test would now be granted a licence, he added.
The government in October had notified the rules for plying of e-rickshaws making driver’s licence mandatory for operating them and limiting the maximum speed to 25 km per hour.
The government had notified the Central Motor Vehicles (Sixteenth Amendment) Rules, 2014, which paves the way for plying of â€œspecial purpose battery operated vehicles.
The new rules provide that e-rickshaw will be allowed to carry four passengers and 40 kg luggage while e-carts would transport goods up to 310 kg. The Delhi High Court had on July 31 banned plying of e-rickshaws on the roads of the national capital saying “prima facie they are a hazard to other traffic as well as citizens”.
The rules define E-rickshaw as a special purpose battery operated vehicle “having three wheels and intended to provide last mile connectivity for transport of passengers for hire or reward”.
These vehicles are “constructed or adapted to carry not more than four passengers, excluding the driver, and not more than 40 kgs luggage in total; the netpower of its motor is not more than 2000 W and the maximum speed of the vehicle is not more than 25 kilometer per hour”.
“Every driving licence issued or renewed by a licensing authority to drive an e-rickshaw or e-cart shall be valid for a period of not more than three years from the date of issue, as the case may be, or till the validity of the driving licence, whichever is earlier,” the notification has said.
Last month Road Transport and Highways Minister Nitin Gadkari had said the government was serious about resumption of battery- operated vehicles on Delhi roads.
TAGS: Delhi High Court E-rickshaw Nitin Gadkari
More from economy
Tamil Nadu govt floats tenders for 11 lakh laptops The Tamil Nadu government has floated tenders for issuing about 11 lakh computers to students under the free laptop...

Theres a new problem with the iPhone6There's A New, Widespread Problem With The iPhone 6 Selfie Camera
By James Cook | Business Insider –  Mon 1 Dec, 2014 11:14 PM IST
Recommend
Twitter/Alexander Robinson
Hundreds of iPhone 6 customers are complaining that their phone's front-facing "selfie" camera is becoming misaligned.
The front-facing camera seems to be liable to moving within its housing, which results in a gray crescent shape appearing on the right side of the camera. 
You can see the problem in the photo to the right. A barely perceptible gray area shows through where the camera seems to have shifted slightly.
People all over the internet are experiencing the same problem.
A Reddit thread titled "Is your iPhone 6 front-facing camera misaligned?" has more than 150 comments. The replies are almost all variations on "Mine has the exact same issue" and "Same." Currently, almost none of the users complaining about it say it actually affects the photos being taken. In other words, if the thing still works, there is no need to replace it — it's just cosmetic.
iFixit/calvin
Apple seems to be aware of the camera misalignment problem. Customers are reporting that the company is offering on-the-spot replacements to people who have presented their phones in Apple Stores and pointed out that they're suffering from the gray crescent. 
Reddit user spykeman1528 , who claims to work at an Apple Store, says that Apple hasn't figured out what is causing the problem:
Apple Store employee here, we don't know why they shift and if you choose we can replace the display which will replace the front facing camera or just swap the device all together. I usually just offer the full unit swap since customers feel the entire device is defective at that point. I only recommend display repairs if a customers data is not backed up and that poses less of a risk for data loss than obvious full data loss of a whole unit swap if the customer is not backs up.
We reached out to Apple for comment on this story and will update this post if we hear back.
More From Business Insider

Will ensure 24x7 power to all Indians by March 2019  says Piyush GoyalBiz leaders in manufacturing sector optimistic about next  year: Survey
Reiterating the promise of 24×7 electricity to all by 2019, Power Minister Piyush Goyal today said use of information technology will help in achieving the target.
“IT-enabled smart grids can have tremendous impact on the energy sector in India â€“ right from power generation to power consumption. We will ensure that all Indians have 24×7 electricity by March 2019,” Goyal said while addressing the inaugural session of Digital India Conclave 2014.
The minister said the government is committed to preventing widespread coal thefts by use of CCTV cameras.
Goyal had earlier said the government has initiated speedy environmental clearances, steps to protect environment, renewed thrust to wind power capacity addition besides clearing the long-pending transmission projects worth Rs 12,272 crore.
The minister had stated that these steps would be the government’s vision for providing 24×7 consistent power.
The government has also approved Rs 43,033-crore rural electrification scheme, Deendayal Upadhyaya Gram Jyoti Yojana.
The scheme will replace the existing Rajiv Gandhi Grameen Vidyutikaran Yojana (RGGVY).
The scheme includes strengthening and augmentation of sub transmission and distribution infrastructure in rural areas, including metering of distribution transformers and feeders.
TAGS: Electricity Sector Piyush Goyal
More from economy
Tamil Nadu govt floats tenders for 11 lakh laptops The Tamil Nadu government has floated tenders for issuing about 11 lakh computers to students under the free laptop...

PM condemns Kashmir attacks  calls it a bid to derail atmosphere created by pollsPress Trust of India | Dec 05, 2014 at 08:56pm IST
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday condemned the terror attacks in Kashmir, saying these are "desperate attempts" to derail the atmosphere of hope created by the increased voter turnout and saluted the soldiers who laid down their lives for the nation.
"Attacks in J&K are condemnable. They are desperate attempts to derail the atmosphere of hope & goodwill as seen by increased voter turnout," Modi tweeted as militants struck at various places across Kashmir.
Jammu and Kashmir has witnessed huge voter turnout in the first two phases of assembly polls so far despite boycott call by separatists. Three more phases of polling are yet to take place.
Jammu and Kashmir has witnessed huge voter turnout in the first two phases of assembly polls so far despite boycott call by separatists. Three more phases of polling are yet to take place.
Paying tributes to the defence personnel, the Prime Minister said "125 crore Indians bow to our brave Army men who sacrificed their lives. These men lived & died for the nation. We won't forget them."
Modi is scheduled to address two rallies in Kashmir on Monday and according to PMO sources, he is going ahead with the programme despite the terror strikes.
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

Govt s divestment programme gets off to a flyer with SAIL share saleSpiceJet gets a lifeline but only for eight weeks
The government’s PSU stake sale programme for this fiscal got off to an impressive start on Friday, with the offering from SAIL, the country’s second-biggest steelmaker, receiving bids for more than double the shares on offer, even as Life Insurance Corporation remained only a modest bidder by its standards.
The 5% stake in Steel Authority of India (SAIL) that was sold via auction was subscribed 2.07 times as on 3.30 pm, stock exchange data showed, indicating proceeds of R1,720 crore or thereabouts for the government.
The SAIL stock closed at R82.80 on the BSE after the day’s trading.
However, given the belated roll-out of the stake sale programme and the hiccups in the Coal India disinvestment due to protesting unions, it is still early to bet on the government fully realising the budgeted capital receipts from selling stakes in government and private companies. CIL has to account for half of this year’s budgeted proceeds of R43,425 crore from PSU
disinvestment.
The targeted revenue from disinvestment this fiscal is R64,925 crore (including R15,000 crore form sale of the government’s residual stakes in Hindustan Zinc and Balco, both majority-owned by the Vedanta Group and 5% stake in Axis Bank held though SUUTI). Before SAIL’s offer for sale (OFS), the government had mobilised zilch.
Disinvestment proceeds last fiscal was much lower than the target at R16,027 crore.
Retail investors, who had 10% of the shares reserved for them under SAIL’s OFS, bid for two-and-a-half times the shares allotted to them — for 5.49 crore shares against 2.065 crore shares on offer, to be precise.
“I think the offer received fantastic response from retail investors,” said V Jayasankar, ED and head of equity capital markets, Kotak Investment Banking. Retail investors have got a 5% discount to the bid price of R83 apiece.
Sources with direct knowledge of the matter said that the auction saw a “good mix” of foreign institutional investors and their domestic counterparts. Both categories of institutional investors “evenly” participated in the auction, they said.
LIC is believed to have bid for about one-third of the deal size but this could not be independently verified. An LIC official confirmed the insurance company’s participation in the auction, but refused to give further details on the amount invested.
According to certain brokerages, their retail clients started enquiring about SAIL’s stake sale only in the afternoon. “They were not prepared with enough funds in their accounts. They were requesting for more time or asking the broker to pay on their behalf. For bids in retail category, the clearing corporation needs to collect the full amount, under the new regulations,” said a broking head of a top brokerage house based in Mumbai.
The non-retail portion was subscribed 2.01 times. More than 37.43 crore shares were bid against 18.58 crore on offer.
The government was planning to start its FY15 disinvestment drive with big-ticket transactions like ONGC and Coal India.
However, gas pricing issues in the case of the former and the threat of a strike by workers’ unions in CIL’s case prompted the Centre to revise its strategy and begin with SAIL. The government was once again pushed on the back foot after SAIL shares declined more than 35% from the high of Rs 110.15 in June 2014.
“If you look at banker appointment, documentation, road shows and then launch, SAIL is the only one that has completed everything. Markets had come off a bit and the government was debating what to do but if you look at the state of readiness, yes, it could be the first one,” said a top official of a global investment bank, requesting anonymity.
Friday’s transaction means the government (promoter) holding in SAIL will drop to 75% in the state-owned steelmaker and make it compliant with Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) minimum public shareholding norms. In June 2014, the market regulator mandated all public sector companies to bring down promoter holding to 75% or below by June 2017.
Axis Capital, Deutsche Equities India, HSBC Securities and Capital Markets, JPMorgan, Kotak Investment Banking and SBI Capital Markets were the advisers to the government on the stake sale.
This was the second of the two tranches in which the government sold its stake in SAIL. In March 2013, the government had sold a 5% stake at a floor price of Rs 63 per share. Of the total Rs 1,516 crore raised by the government, LIC had acquired 4.107% in SAIL by investing Rs 1,068 crore.
TAGS: SAIL
More from companies

http://usat.ly/1A21SZgFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Sony hit again, employee families threatened, files released
Sony staffers received a new email from hackers Friday, this time threatening their families, from the group that calls itself the Guardians of Peace or the "GOP."
Post to Facebook
Sony hit again, employee families threatened, files released Sony staffers received a new email from hackers Friday, this time threatening their families, from the group that calls itself the Guardians of Peace or the "GOP." Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1A21SZg
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
92
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Sony hit again, employee families threatened, files released
Andrea Mandell and Elizabeth Weise , USATODAY 1:30 a.m. EST December 6, 2014
Sony Pictures Entertainment headquarters in Culver City, Calif.
(Photo: Nick Ut, AP)
2631 CONNECT 608 TWEET 149 LINKEDIN 92 COMMENTEMAILMORE
CULVER CITY, Calif. — Sony staffers received a new email from hackers Friday, this time threatening their families, from the group that calls itself the Guardians of Peace or the "GOP."
At the same time, someone purporting to be the GOP released another, massive, file dump on Friday, posting them on a sharing site called Pastebin.
"It's over 100 gigabytes," said Daniel Tentler, with the security firm Carbon Dynamics. He is dissecting the file.
The posting was titled "Gift of GOP for 3rd day: Financial data of Sony Pictures."
The file was compressed and it wasn't immediately clear what it contained. However, whoever posted it claimed it included "many pieces of confidential data" in the accompanying message.
The message also read, "Anyone who loves peace can be our member. Please tell your mind at the email address below if you share our intention." The email directed readers to a site that gives users anonymous, disposable email addresses.
In a final line,which could mean that Sony will have its private data dripped slowly out into public arena, the message read, "The data to be released next week will excite you more."
These two secondary assaults come after Sony has spent all week shifting email to new servers, instructing staffers to change passwords, and turning back the clock to old-school time-punch cards in order to process employees' payment.
All of these efforts were made by Sony to thwart another attack by the GOP (easily confused with the political party). But an email – somewhat garbled in style – that landed in many staffers inboxes on Friday proved Sony's scramble is so far insufficient.
Sony Pictures Entertainment hacked
The email included a warning to all Sony employees who did not assist the GOP that their families could land in harm's way, according to a person unauthorized to speak publicly about the situation. Sony employees have been instructed to turn off mobile and tablet devices.
"We understand that some of our employees have received an email claiming to be from GOP," Robert Lawson, a spokesperson for Sony, told USA TODAY. "We are aware of the situation and are working with law enforcement."
The FBI said they were also aware of the GOP's latest threat."The FBI is aware of threatening emails that have been received by some employees at Sony Pictures Entertainment," said FBI press officer Joshua Campbell in a statement. "We continue to investigate this matter in order to identify the person or group responsible for the recent attack on the Sony Pictures network."
Sony has had computer security teams working round the clock to rescue what they can from the company's crippled servers since the initial attack was discovered on Nov. 24.
At the time, company officials had all staffers stay off of email and avoid the company's internal WiFi network, to maintain security while they tried to rebuild. Some have suggested that the attack is in retaliation for a forthcoming comedy produced by Sony called The Interview. North Korea has denied any involvement.
Sony hack may be linked to James Franco comedy
A new round of emails threatening staff could signal that the attackers didn't simply commit one of the largest hit-and-run cyber attacks on a U.S. company, but intend to continue toying with the firm as it struggles to get back on its feet.
Read the email in full, per Variety (emphasis added).
I am the head of GOP who made you worry.
Removing Sony Pictures on earth is a very tiny work for our group which is a worldwide organization. And what we have done so far is only a small part of our further plan.It's your false if you if you think this crisis will be over after some time. All hope will leave you and Sony Pictures will collapse. This situation is only due to Sony Pictures. Sony Pictures is responsible for whatever the result is. Sony Pictues clings to what is good to nobody from the beginning. It's silly to expect in Sony Pictures to take off us. Sony Pictures makes only useless efforts. One beside you can be our member.
Many things beyond imagination will happen at many places of the world. Our agents find themselves act in necessary places. Please sign your name to object the false of the company at the email address below if you don't want to suffer damage. If you don't, not only you but your family will be in danger.
Nobody can prevent us, but the only way is to follow our demand. If you want to prevent us, make your company behave wisely.
Contributing: Kevin Johnson
2631 CONNECT 608 TWEET 149 LINKEDIN 92 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1A21SZg
USA NOW
Suspected family murderer has been found dead | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

Natural gas gains as markets price in mild temperaturesDec 06, 2014, 12.29 AM IST  | Source: Investing.com
Natural gas gains as markets price in mild temperatures
Natural gas gains as markets price in mild temperatures
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Natural gas gains as markets price in mild temperatures
Natural gas gains as markets price in mild temperatures
Post your opinion here
 
Investing.com - Investing.com - Natural gas futures rose on Friday after investors priced in losses stemming from mild U.S. temperatures and snapped up nicely-priced positions in the commodity.
Longer-range forecasts suggesting a return of colder weather supported the commodity as well.
On the New York Mercantile Exchange, natural gas futures for delivery in January were up 3.32% at $3.770 per million British thermal units during U.S. trading. The commodity hit a session low of $3.650, and a high of $3.822.
The January contract settled down 4.10% on Thursday to end at $3.649 per million British thermal units.
Natural gas futures were likely to find support at $3.638 per million British thermal units, Thursday's low, and resistance at $4.529, the high from Nov. 26.
Mild U.S. temperatures hovering over the U.S. have sent natural gas prices plunging in recent sessions by fueling concerns that households and businesses across the country have been scaling back on their heating.
By Friday, investors had felt the commodity had fallen far enough, with bottom fishers sending prices up into positive territory, especially after long-range computer models couldn't rule out a return of colder weather later in December.
"We still expect a few fairly cold weather systems next week that will track into the Midwest and Northeast with sub-freezing temperatures December 8-10th, and this has only been reinforced by the latest weather data and will result in a surge in heating demand," Natgasweather.com reported in its Friday midday update.
While shots of warmer air will also trek across the country on the Pacific jet stream, through the middle of December, colder temperatures may make their return.
"This mild and moist U.S. pattern should last through around December 20th, or right up to the start of winter. There will be stronger potential for colder air to arrive after December 21st if the Pacific jet fizzles or shifts offshore and will need close monitoring," Natgasweather.com added.
Investors continued to digest Thursday's weekly U.S. supply report, which revealed that natural gas storage in the week ending Nov. 28 fell by 22 billion cubic feet, less than expectations for a decline of 41 billion and well below a drop of 162 billion in the week before.
The five-year average change for the week is a decrease of 50 billion cubic feet. Stockpiles fell by 141 billion in the same week a year earlier.
Total U.S. natural gas storage stood at 3.410 trillion cubic feet. Stocks were 227 billion cubic feet less than last year at this time and 372 billion cubic feet below the five-year average of 3.782 trillion cubic feet for this time of year.
Elsewhere on the NYMEX, light sweet crude oil futures for delivery in January were down 1.26% at $65.97 a barrel, while heating oil for January delivery were down 0.22% at $2.1130 per gallon.
Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.
Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com apps for Android and iOS!

Rupee bounces back 15 paise Vs $rupee bounces back 15 paise vs $
22nd anniversary of Babri Masjid demolition  Ayodhya on high alertDec 06, 2014 at 07:25am IST
22nd anniversary of Babri Masjid demolition, Ayodhya on high alert
33
0
Ayodhya: On the 22nd anniversary of the Babri Masjid demolition, Ayodhya is on high alert on Saturday. 10,000 security personnel have been deployed amid calls by Muslim outfits to mark the day by hoisting black flags even as Hindu bodies seek to commemorate it.
Prohibitory orders have been clamped in the city and mounted police will be among about 10,000 police and anti-riot personnel keeping a vigil.
The local administration has laid a three-tier security cordon around the twin cities of Ayodhya and Faizabad. Officials of superintendent rank will be manning the key areas.
Several CCTV cameras have also been installed in the temple town.
#uttar pradesh #ayodhya #babri masjid demolition #kar sevaks
Several CCTV cameras have also been installed in the temple town.
Muslim organisations have announced that it will be marked as a black day while appealing to the community to hoist black flags and observe a shut down.
While the Hindu organisations, including Vishwa Hindu Parishad, has said it will observe it as "day of bravery victory".
A flood company of PAC has been deployed in Saryu river for round the clock water patrolling to prevent any untoward incident that may happen through the river.
All the entry points of Ayodhya city have been sealed and entry is permitted only after complete security check.
Senior Superintendent of Police KB Singh said,"We are in regular touch with the responsible and peace loving people of both the communities. The day of December 6 will be passed peacefully without any hindrance in the normal life of the twin town."
(With inputs from PTI)

FBI confirms threatening emails sent to Sony employeesfbi confirms threatening emails sent to sony employees
Dear mr.kajay  if that was the case then how did my 1 lot got sold off...Dear SAC,
Do not post senseless comments when you do not anything know about closing price calculation.
SIEMENS has traded @ 926.10 levels @ 03.29.59(HH/MM/SS) and there was a sudden crash in SIEMENS counter from Rs.952.00 to 926.10 levels and that too from 3.15 PM to 3.30 PM.Its around 3.10%..Nifty has fallen down -36.00 points ,then SIEMENS also followed the INDEX..The same was happened in SIEMENS F&O trading also..The trading system is automatically calculated the closing price by matching traded value and change of price after 3.15 PM..And it has came to a closing price of Rs.946.15 ie  2.00% different from last traded price..The same was followed in F&O also..If a stock is rising with amid volumes after 3.20 PM and if continuous till 3.30 PM..then the stock will close below -0.50 to -4.00% difference from its last traded price depends upon the volume the opposite movement is happening when a stock is falling down with amid volumes... That was happened in SIEMENS today...This is normal trend in trading system and noting else related with post market session and post market trading is not an active session..So ,pls study about the facts about matters before posting such senseless and error thoughts to newbies ..Final Note-SIEMENS may open with a gap down of min 2% on Monday by following today`s closing..
In reply to : sac1286 message
7.44 PM Dec 5th

Takeover of this company by way of aquisition by ocbs is first of its...Replies (2)
Guest
who will take over?? who is OCB? these FIIs who have subscribed to FCCB or some other parties??.
there is no such announcement on stock exchange. for movement even if you are to be believed, if you are insider how can you leak a price sensitive information just like that it should come officially though stock exchange.
In reply to : jajjakka message
11.39 AM Dec 6th

Action Jackson movie review: Ajay Devgn doesnt need to stoop this lowWritten by Shubhra Gupta | New Delhi |
Posted: December 5, 2014 10:39 am | Updated: December 7, 2014 3:33 pm
Movie review: Action Jackson
Star Cast: Ajay Devgn, Sonakshi Sinha, Kunaal Roy Kapur, Manasvi Mamgai, Yami Gautam
Director : Prabhu Dheva
The last Prabhu Dheva outing, R Rajkumar, was so unbearable that I thought I would be scarred for life. Action Jackson is almost as vile: the only reason I stuck around was to see if Ajay Devgn would start making like Prabhu Dheva by the end. No, he doesn’t.
That’s not the deal-breaker, though, because Ajay Devgn’s never been much of a one to shake a leg. And that’s perfectly okay because not all men have to be able to dance to prove their macho-ness. It’s that he has agreed to star in a film that is so gratingly awful, whose women are either dumb dodos, or doped-out vixens and who submit to being dumped on all the time, and whose comedy track consists of a guy (Kunaal Roy Kapur) getting slapped, one, two.
I can’t tell you more because there is nothing more. Ajay Devgn appears in a double role, the good-hearted gali ka goonda Vishy, and his look-alike, the sword-wielder AJ, whose chief ability is to slice and dice humans. Vishy’s girl is the wide-eyed Khushi (Sonakshi Sinha); AJ is made to swing between two women, the goody-two-shoes Gautam, and the wild-eyed, coke-snorting Mamgai, and face off with a villain who has, get this, a glass eye.
This could have been an entertainingly retro comic-book revenge saga, especially because it has a dashing bad girl who has more screen time, and much more neon-lit presence, than everyone else in the flick.
But Prabhu Dheva doesn’t have the skill sets to instill that knowing edge into his material; he shows no awareness, in fact, that it is risible. He wants to do Kill Bill part 4, but he is, at heart, a contortionist-cum-choreographer with a tiresome, jaded appetite for blood. This is PB trying for QT and falling flat on his nimble toes.
I’m seriously tired of watching Sonakshi Sinha making faces which her directors are content passing off as acting. And Ajay Devgn doesn’t need to stoop this low: so what if he can’t dance, he can keep a straight face while delivering a joke. And he can waggle a sword. Even Rohit Shetty’s brand of brainlessness is better than this straight-up disgusting fare.
If Prabhu Dheva had the smarts, he would have given Manasvi Mamgai a more filled-out part, and gone full leather-and-kink. But clearly that is not what the director is after: his idea of entertainment is to have his leading lady gaze at the leading man’s nether equipment and pass out.
I wish I had, while watching.

Rs 5.5-cr lottery  loot  in Raghuram Rajan s nameRs 5.50-cr lottery 'loot' in Raghuram Rajan's name
Mail Today Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 5, 2014  | 11:31 IST
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan
Deposit Rs 15,500 in cash and win Rs 5.50 crore. Scamsters have adopted this latest trick to con gullible investors by using the name and picture of Reserve Bank of India (RBI) governor Raghuram Rajan. According to news agency PTI, the 'lottery' amount that these scammers promise to credit into the account of those giving an 'approval fees' is claimed to be part of funds given to RBI by the British government.
In the scam email, purportedly sent by Rajan and ending with his hearty congratulations, the targeted beneficiary is also informed that his or her name was decided pursuant to a meeting he had with the United Nations general secretary Ban Ki-Moon in September.
Asking for this mail to be kept confidential and away from general public for security reason, the scamsters also provide name and details of a money transfer manager with a purported employee ID card of an RBI chief general manager.
As per RBI, such fictitious offers typically try to defraud gullible people by using its name and are also used as a phishing attempt to get personal and banking details of the targeted persons. About another fraud perpetrated in its name, RBI recently said in a public alert that fraudsters were promising to issue credit cards in the name of the Central bank.
Explaining the modus operandi, RBI said that the gullible person is sent a credit card which allows money withdrawal up to a certain limit, albeit a small sum, from a bank account.
Having gained the confidence, the fraudster gets the victim to deposit a huge sum in the same account. Once the money is deposited, the card stops working and that would also be the last time the cardholder would hear from the fraudster.
Warning against such efforts, RBI said it does not carry out any business with an individual, whether through bank accounts, credit or debit cards, online banking or transfer of funds from abroad. Other kind of widely prevalent frauds, as identified by the Central bank, include fictitious offers of large sum of money/lottery winnings by email or through phone calls by posing as RBI official and a fake website of the bank for online transactions.

Why Japan might be the world s new whisky kingIs Japan the new whisky king?
Recommend
Link
12 days ago, Reuters Videos
Scotland won't like it but the world's best whisky, if you're to believe the Jim Murray Whisky Bible 2015, is now the Japanese Yamazaki single malt sherry cask.  And as David Pollard reports, it's only sold in Europe.
More on Reuters Videos:
ET NOW - 15 hours ago
LATEST ET NOW VIDEOS
Terms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

Link-up rumours common in actors  life: Arjun KapoorBy: Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 5, 2014 2:32 pm
Actor Arjun Kapoor says linking up with co-stars are the part and parcel of an actor’s life and he is not the only one who is targeted with such reports.
The actor is rumoured to be dating his ‘Tevar’ co-star Sonakshi Sinha but he has a different story to tell.
“These things (link-up reports) are part and parcel of an actor’s life. I am not the first actor to be linked with his co-star and I am definitely not going to be the last,” said the actor.
“We both (Sonakshi and Arjun) are not influenced by these rumours. As long as it’s not below the belt, I am fine with it,” he added.
Arjun, who was previously linked with his ‘2 States’ fame actress Alia Bhatt, says he is very much single. “I have been saying this from last two years but nobody believes me. Everybody wants me to find a girlfriend and when I hangout with my co-stars, I am linked to them,” he said.
Directed by Amit Sharma, ‘Tevar’ also features Manoj Bajpayee amongst others. It will release Jan 9.

Exodus review: It is a visual spectacle minus a heartCast: Christian Bale, Ben Kingsley, Joel Edgerton
Rating: 2.5/5
Ridley Scott's Exodus: God and Kings is a story set in ancient Egypt where Moses is English, Ramses is Australian and God is a very angry schoolboy with a high falutin British accent.
This Biblical retelling has been in news ever since it was announced and mostly not for the right reason. The chief gripe was the fact that white actors were playing the leads which were all supposed to be brown.
Exodus review: Exodus is CGI perfect but does not meet expectations
Well, Scott solved the problem by investing in industrial strength bronzer and offering the explanation of how only famous white names work on BO, especially in a multi-million dollar epic like this one.
So, we get to see highly bronzed Moses (Christian Bale) and pharaoh-in-waiting Ramses (Joel Edgerton) as friends in Egypt. Pharaoh Seti (John Turturro) knows his adopted son Moses is better equipped to lead his country but blood wins in the end. (Spoilers ahead)
 
Ramses knows his father prefers Moses and is deeply insecure. His conniving mother Tuya (Sigourney Weaver) doesn't help either.
In the meanwhile Moses learns from Nun (Ben Kingsley) that he is actually Hebrew, a race Egyptians have enslaved for centuries. Word gets back to Ramses and he is banished from the kingdom. Moses himself finds it hard to come to terms with this truth. He wanders in desert for years and finally settles in a village with his wife and son. After a traumatic injury, he comes face-to-face with god who calls upon him to free his race and lead them to the promised land of Canaan (Israel).
Up against the stubborn and conceited Ramses once again, Moses finds himself failing. That's when god takes it upon himself to lend him a helping hand. More fire and brimstone than the kind deity we know of today, god unleashes the plagues on Egypt one after another.
Afraid and angry, Ramses allows Hebrews to leave for Canaan but then follows with his army. His aim is not to recapture his erstwhile slaves but to finish them off. What could have been the perfect climax - the parting of Red Sea -- is dragged along by Scott till the writing of the Ten Commandments, and an old and bedraggled Moses leading his people to Canaan.
It is this weak ending which is the most disappointing. After an epic, you want to leave the theatre still reeling from the scale and imagery of the climax. Instead, you carry the image of a very old Bale chugging along in a cart.
The film, however, does have its CGI-fuelled moments. The battle in the beginning of the film and the parting of the Red Sea are some of the most amazing effects. Scott reserves the best to portray the plagues - from waters of Nile turning red to attack of locusts - which are shown in vivid detail.
Scott believes in bigger-is-better model of filmmaking and goes large-scale in Exodus as well. While visually it is exciting, the film has no heart. We hear of how Hebrews are tortured and end up as spent corpses, we see the excesses of Egyptians but none of that touches us. Never in the film does it get personal. We don't understand the intricacies and depth of Ramses and Moses' friendship either.
The filmmaker does not up the expectations either or understand the whys and hows behind the fantastical elements; he sticks to the familiar and just makes it CGI-perfect.
The film belongs to its two leads. Bale brings his usual intensity to the role and plays Moses as a man who often is not sure of the path he is taking. He is shown torn by his various choices and doubts his 'prophetic' decisions. Edgerton's pharaoh is suitably vain yet stays away from melodrama. As god's wrath begins, he goes from the typical bad guy to an anti-hero to a distressed father. Strong actors such as Ben Kingsley, Aaron Paul and Weaver are wasted in their short roles.
  
 
 

Neither simple  nor saintly: No excuses for Niranjan Jyotiprint
Minister of state for food processing industries Niranjan Jyoti used expletives while campaigning for the BJP in Delhi. (HT File Photo)
The new sadhvi on the block may be guilty of running off at the mouth, but she did not know any better. Or so we are assured by senior BJP minister Venkaiah Naidu who attributes her venomous communal remarks to the fact that she is a simple village woman. What an insult to village women , the majority of whom conduct themselves with dignity and class when compared to our lady in saffron. If she was all that simple, and not in control of her own language, what is she doing holding an important ministry in the government of Narendra Modi who has said he will have no truck with bad behaviour.
We earlier had Sadhvi Rithambara who would throw all decency to the wind and refer to the anatomical parts of other communities, threatening to attack the aforementioned parts with a chopping knife. But then we assume she did not know better either. And now poised to take off on a journey down the Ganga is our minister for water resources, Uma Bharti, famed for her provocative and crass sloganeering.
These women sadhvis, all of them with little education must be condemned for their ugly remarks. But equally if not more reprehensible are the political parties who unleash them on the crowds to whip up passions. When they cross the line as Niranjan Jyoti has done, her conduct is disowned by frowning party members or patrons. And we often hear the explanation that they did not know better.
But, the parties who use them certainly do. In many ways, they are exploiting these women, who by the way seem ready and willing to oblige, often in return for sops or in the case of Niranjan Jyoti the lottery proceeds in terms of a ministership. But the fault lies in all of us, those who listen to them and applaud their 'fiery' rhetoric, those who wheel them out and those who try and disown them the minute things go wrong.
It is passing strange that no one is asking how Niranjan Jyoti, a woman with no administrative experience and little education was given a ministership. Clearly, it was because the BJP thought it could use her off the wall speeches in forthcoming elections to whip up the crowd. She has her uses, though perhaps not as a minister. But emboldened by the importance given to her, she went too far.
As for Uma Bharti, she does have administrative experience. But she is by no stretch of the imagination the right person to deal with the seemingly intractable problem of cleaning up the Ganga. She may talk about Ma Ganga and all that but then so did Nirupa Roy in her many roles as tearful mother in Hindi films. She has not come up with one idea on how to achieve this gargantuan task. But she is useful, come elections, to rail and rant against the party's opponents.
Perhaps, some women's rights groups should take up the cause of the shouting sadhvis. They are being exploited to achieve the ends of a patriarchal political class. They are victims, not aggressors in the classical feminist sense. So pity poor Niranjan Jyoti, after the initial half-hearted defences, she will be left to her own devices to defend herself. And sooner rather than later, another sadhvi will come along, fiery rhetoric and all, to shock us out of our placid existence yet again.

Indians practice batting in drawn gameTweet
0
Virat Kohli.ADELAIDE - India's batsmen gained valuable match practice as their two-day tour match against a Cricket Australia XI ended in a draw in Adelaide on Friday.
The tourists compiled 375 off 90 overs with stand-in captain Virat Kohli (66), Murali Vijay (60), Ajinkya Rahane (56) and Wriddhiman Saha (51) all scoring half-centuries.
The local selection finished the match at 83 for five off 21 overs with Test paceman Ishant Sharma taking two for eight off five overs in an encouraging lead in to Tuesday's opening Test against Australia at the Adelaide Oval.
Vijay and Kohli both retired before lunch after reaching their half-centuries and to enable some of the other batsmen to get valuable batting practice ahead of the opening Test.
The CA XI were made to pay for dropping Kohli on Thursday's opening day, when the stand-in skipper edged his first delivery to Ashton Turner at the first slip.
Vijay and Kohli shared a 123-run stand, steadying India's innings after the tourists slumped to 36 for two on the opening day.
In the corresponding fixture at the same venue last week, the opener and No.4 batsman also looked a class above most of their teammates.
Tasmania paceman Evan Gulbis tested the duo with a series of short-pitched deliveries.
Vijay wore one bouncer on the body that flicked up and hit the helmet, but composed himself quickly.
Varun Aaron and Umesh Yadav shared the new ball in CA XI's second innings with Aaron following up his first innings haul of four for 41 with one for 28 off six overs, while Yadav claimed one for 30 off five overs.
"Players will probably be talking about what they saw and did, which will be passed onto other (Test) players," CA XI coach Troy Cooley said.
"It's a great little network of information being transferred. We'll make sure the most up to date information is given to our big brother."
Assistant coach Ali de Winter attended India's tour game last week, when express paceman Aaron sent down some impressive spells.
"He's got some notes for Boof (Test coach Darren Lehmann) to take away," Cooley said.
"There's plenty of information for the boys, obviously India's series in England earlier this year.
"We'll just top it up with a little bit of stuff from there."
Injured India captain MS Dhoni was expected to join the tourists on Saturday.
An India spokesperson said it was too early to say what Dhoni's chances of playing the first Test are, but the wicketkeeper is expected to miss the game as he recovers from a wrist injury.
India have won just three and lost 14 of their 23 Tests away from the sub-continent in the last four years, enduring 4-0 routs in England and Australia in 2011 and a 3-1 drubbing in England earlier this year.
The series opener in Adelaide will be followed by Tests in Brisbane, Melbourne and Sydney.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

Battle of subcontinent inevitable : Saeed challenges India from Pak soilComments
Mumbai terror attacks mastermind Hafiz Saeed criticised New Delhi on Friday for conducting what he termed were sham elections in Kashmir and said “the battle of Indian subcontinent is inevitable”.
Hafiz Saeed, the head of Jamaat-ud-Dawa and Mumbai attacks mastermind, gestures to the media as he arrives to attend a rally organised by the Defence Council of Pakistan in Peshawar. (Reuters file photo)
Saeed also asked why Prime Minister Narendra Modi was “visiting Kashmir again and again”, saying this was part of a larger conspiracy to silence the people of the state.
 
The Jamaat-ud-Dawah (JuD) chief addressed a party convention in Lahore on a day alleged Pakistan-sponsored militants staged a string of attacks in the Valley.
 
“Ghazwae Hind is inevitable, Kashmir will be freed, 1971 will be avenged and Ahmedabad Gujrat victims will get justice Insha Allah,” Saeed tweeted.
 
Thousands of people arrived in Lahore this week to participate in the two-day convention that began at the Minar-e-Pakistan grounds on Friday. Many of those attending are volunteers and members of the JuD recruited after the outfit carried out relief work in the country through its social welfare wing, the Falah-e-Insaniyat Foundation (FIF).
 
The BJP wanted to win in Kashmir by foul means to give an impression to the world that Kashmir was not a disputed territory, said Saeed. “We will not let that happen.”
 
The JuD chief said he wanted to get all Pakistani political parties on one platform so they could have a common policy on Kashmir.
 
“We should work in a manner so that there is no confusion over what our stand is,” he said.
 
Saeed said his organisation would continue to “help their Kashmiri brethren on the other side of the border”. In his hour-long speech, he also vowed to extract revenge from India for the role he said New Delhi played in Pakistan’s split in 1971.
 
“No one can stop us in our just struggle,” he said. “They are conspiring against us and India wants us to abandon our nuclear programme”.
 
The JuD chief said the US and Indian governments were trying to silence him, and praised Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif for raising the Kashmir issue in the United Nations without being cowed by the pro-India lobby in Islamabad.
"If India can send troops to Afghanistan to help the US, then Mujahideen have every right to go to Kashmir and help their brethren," he said.
 
The two-day JuD congregation, held with logistical support from the Pakistan government, concluded Friday.
The Nawaz Sharif government had run two special trains from Karachi and Hyderabad in view of the JuD event.
'Mainstreaming of terrorism'
India said Pakistan's support to UN-designated terrorist Saeed and his JuD was "nothing short of mainstreaming of terrorism."
 
"This was an event which took place in national monument in Pakistan. It was an event (for which) large number of police personnel were deployed.
 
"And it was an event by an organisation which is proscribed not only by India but the US, the UK, Australia and the UN... Also it was addressed by an individual who is designated as a terrorist by the UN Securitry Council," external affairs ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said.
(With PTI inputs)

Orion flight marks  significant milestone  in journey to Mars: Nasaprint
The US space agency's Orion capsule circled the Earth twice before plunging into the ocean Friday in a flawless test flight that Nasa called a "significant milestone" in the journey to Mars.
The mission was the first in more than four decades of a new US spacecraft intended to carry humans to the Moon or beyond.
The unmanned vessel soared into space at 7:05am (1205 GMT) atop a United Launch Alliance Delta IV Heavy rocket that rumbled and roared as it climbed into the pastel skies over the Florida coast at sunrise, leaving a plume of smoke in its wake.
Spectators cheer as the United Launch Alliance Delta 4-Heavy rocket, with Nasa’s Orion spacecraft mounted atop, lifts off from the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station Friday. (AP Photo)
"It was just a blast to see how well the rocket did," said Orion program manager Mark Geyer, after technical issues with the rocket and wind gusts delayed the first launch attempt Thursday.
"Being near a launch -- a rocket that big -- you can feel it."
The four-and-a-half hour flight was "picture-perfect" and "a significant milestone for America's space programme," said Nasa commentator Rob Navias.
It tested crucial systems like the heat shield and parachute splashdown. Nasa engineers will carefully study the data it collected in the days and weeks to come to see how the capsule withstood the stress of space flight.
Live video images from the spacecraft showed stunningly high views of Earth as well as the capsule's dramatic return to the Pacific Ocean.
A trio of Nasa astronauts watched on large televisions at Kennedy Space Center and bumped fists when Orion splashed down, as the packed press room erupted in cheers.
"We have kind of turned a corner from the post shuttle period and it is nice to see the new vehicle up in space," said astronaut Rex Walheim, still grinning after the successful test.
"It has got a lot of pieces of the puzzle to go yet but we are making tremendous progress," he told AFP.
The United States has been unable to send astronauts to the International Space Station since the shuttle programme ended in 2011 after three decades, leaving no option but to pay Russia to carry astronauts on its Soyuz capsules at a cost of $71 million per seat.
Peak height
 
The spacecraft made two loops around the Earth, first orbiting about as high as the International Space Station, which circles at an altitude of about 270 miles (430 kilometers).
Then, a second stage engine burn propelled the spacecraft higher than any vessel meant to carry people since the Apollo 17 moon mission in 1972.
About three hours into the flight, at 10:11am (1511 GMT), the spacecraft reached its peak height of 3,604 miles above the Earth.
Four hours 24 minutes after launch, the spacecraft floated back to Earth, aided by a trio of parachutes, before plunging into the waters 600 miles to the west of Baja California, to be retrieved by the US Navy.
An analysis of sophisticated sensors on the capsule should let Nasa know how the heat shield performed and if the temperature inside remained survivable for a potential crew.
The spacecraft's exterior heated to 4,000 degrees Fahrenheit (2,200 Celsius) during its re-entry to Earth's atmosphere at a velocity of 20,000 miles per hour.
 
Future missions
 
Potential future missions for Orion, which can fit four people at a time, include a trip to lasso an asteroid and a journey to Mars by the 2030s.
"I think it's a big day for the world, for people who know and love space," said Nasa administrator Charles Bolden.
Nasa has already spent $9.1 billion on Orion and the powerful rocket meant to propel it with crew on board, the Space Launch System (SLS).
Another unmanned test flight is slated for 2018. The first Orion test flight with a crew on board is scheduled for 2021, when total costs are projected to reach $19 to $22 billion.

Monte Carlo Fashions IPO subscribed 7.83 timesDirect equity set to top FDs as biggest asset class in FY15: Report
The initial public offering (IPO) of Monte Carlo Fashions was subscribed 7.83 times on the final day of the book building process, showed stock exchange data as on 7:40pm IST on Friday. With the public issue successful, Ludhiana-based Monte Carlo is assured of raising at least R345 crore.
Qualified institutional buyers (QIBs) bid for 1.51 crore shares (13.957 times) of the 10.866 lakh shares reserved for the category. The retail book was subscribed 6.95 times as investors bid for 1.32 crore shares as against 19.016 lakh shares on offer. The non-institutional category was subscribed 1.71 times, exchange data showed.
The company had raised a little over R105 crore by allotting 16.29 lakh shares to anchor investors at R645 apiece. The company had set a price band of R630-645 per share. Goldman Sachs, Aditya Birla Private Equity Trust, DB International (Asia), Birla Sunlife Trustee Company, and Tata Mutual Fund are some of the institutional investors who invested in the IPO, according to stock exchange filing by the company.
The issue offers partial exit to Samara Capital backed Kanchi Investment whose stake will drop to 10.94% from the previous 18.51% stake it held before the issue. Promoter and promoter group stake will reduce to 63.63% from 81.06% prior to the issue and make the company compliant with Sebi’s minimum public shareholding guidelines. Sebi regulations require all listed companies to pare promoter holding to 75%.
Monte Carlo is the fifth company on the main board to hit the bourse this fiscal.
TAGS: Monte Carlo
More from indianmarkets

Explained: Article 66AWritten by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi |
Posted: December 6, 2014 4:19 am
The Supreme Court is examining the constitutional validity of Section 66A of the amended Indian Information Technology Act, 2000. A batch of petitions have alleged that the section tramples upon the Fundamental Right to freedom of speech and expression, and asked that it be declared unconstitutional. On Tuesday, the court gave the government a week to clarify its stand on Section 66A. UTKARSH ANAND explains.
What is Section 66A of the IT Act?
Section 66A defines the punishment for sending “offensive” messages through a computer or any other communication device like a mobile phone or a tablet. A conviction can fetch a maximum of three years in jail and a fine.
What is the problem with that?
The vagueness about what is “offensive”. The word has a very wide connotation, and is open to distinctive, varied interpretations. It is subjective, and what may be innocuous for one person, may lead to a complaint from someone else and, consequently, an arrest under Section 66A if the police prima facie accepts the latter person’s view.
How did the controversy begin?
The first petition came up in the court following the arrest of two girls in Maharashtra by Thane Police in November 2012 over a Facebook post. The girls had made comments on the shutdown of Mumbai for the funeral of Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray. The arrests triggered outrage from all quarters over the manner in which the cyber law was used.
How frequently has 66A been used?
Most cases of arrest were reported in 2012. Jadavpur University professor Ambikesh Mahapatra was arrested for forwarding caricatures on Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee on Facebook. Activist Aseem Trivedi was arrested for drawing cartoons lampooning Parliament and the Constitution to depict their ineffectiveness. Air India employee Mayank Sharma and K V Rao from Mumbai were arrested for allegedly posting offensive comments against politicians on their Facebook group.
Businessman Ravi Srinivasan was booked by Puducherry police for an allegedly offensive tweet against the son of a former cabinet minister.
What are the grounds for the challenge?
While the objective behind the 2008 amendment was to prevent the misuse of information technology, particularly through social media, Section 66A comes with extremely wide parameters, which allow whimsical interpretations by law enforcement agencies. Most of the terms used in the section have not been specifically defined under the Act. The petitions have argued that it is a potential tool to gag legitimate free speech online, and to curtail freedom of speech and expression guaranteed under the Constitution, going far beyond the ambit of “reasonable restrictions” on that freedom.
What has the court said so far?
The Supreme Court, in the preliminary hearing, accepted the contention that the provision was “very widely drafted”, and gave arbitrary powers to police officers to make arrests. Nudged by the court, the central government issued a set of guidelines in January 2013, intended to prevent continued…

Jammu: 14-yr-old fires from AK-47  copinjuredBy: Express News Service | Jammu |
Posted: December 6, 2014 4:21 am
A police constable and a labourer were injured as a 14-year-old boy opened fire from an AK-47 rifle in Marble Market near Channi Himmat area here Friday night. The boy had fled with the service weapon of a police constable Badar Din who had gone to his sister’s house in Channi Himmat. The boy works as domestic help at the house of Badar Din.
Giving details, Sub Divisional Police Officer, Channi Himmat, Rafiq Manhas said the boy fled with the rifle when Badar Din went to the toilet. On being informed, the police started chasing the boy who was travelling in an auto rickshaw. On reaching the Marble Market, the boy left the vehicle and ran inside a jhuggi in Labour Colony, where the firing took place.

Reliance signs MoU with Mexico s PEMEXReliance signs MoU with Mexico s PEMEX
http://usat.ly/1vxjjS8FacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
New Republic staffers quit after editor ousted
Editors and writers at The New Republic quit en masse Friday after its owner hired a new editor.
Post to Facebook
New Republic staffers quit after editor ousted Editors and writers at The New Republic quit en masse Friday after its owner hired a new editor. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1A0Eew0
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
8
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
New Republic staffers quit after editor ousted
Roger Yu , USA TODAY 12:27 p.m. EST December 5, 2014
Former President Bill Clinton gives the keynote speech at the New Republic Centennial Gala Dinner at the Andrew Mellon Auditorium in Washington, Wednesday, Nov. 19, 2014. (AP Photo/Cliff Owen) ORG XMIT: DCCO105
(Photo: Cliff Owen, AP)
65 CONNECT 36 TWEET 3 LINKEDIN 8 COMMENTEMAILMORE
About a dozen staff journalists and other contributing editors resigned at The New Republic Friday in support of its top editor who's quitting after the magazine's owner chose to cut the print schedule by half and shift more resources to digital media.
The resignations – reported on Twitter by several editors, including contributing editor and New Yorker writer Ryan Lizza, and confirmed by several staffers online – are a severe blow to the venerable magazine that's been losing subscribers and experiencing management turmoil in recent months.
Franklin Foer, the magazine's top editor, quit Thursday after citing differences in management and editorial vision with owner Chris Hughes. Leon Wieseltier, the literary editor who's been at the 100-year old magazine for more than 30 years, also quit in protest.
Following the announcement Thursday afternoon – which included plans to cut the number of published issues to 10 from 20 a year and move the headquarters to New York from Washington, D.C. -- there have been rumblings on Twitter and in reports that the staffers were ready to walk out en masse.
Hughes, co-founder of Facebook who bought the magazine in 2012, hired Gabriel Snyder, former editor of Gawker and The Atlantic Wire, as Foer's replacement. That Snyder was hired without Foer's knowledge also hastened Foer's decision to leave, according to a report by Politico.
Among the editors and writers who've confirmed their resignation on Twitter: Isaac Chotiner; Julia Ioffe; Alec MacGillis; Rachel Morris; Noam Scheiber; Judith Shulevitz; Greg Veis; and Jason Zengerle.
At least 13 other contributing editors who aren't staffers also ended their association with the magazine.
The New Republic's masthead lists 45 editorial staff members and 38 contributing editors.
"I am saddened by the loss of such great talent @tnr, many of whom have played an important role in making The New Republic so successful," tweeted Hughes. "It has been a privilege to work with them, and I wish them only the best. This is a time of transition, but I am excited to work with our team – both new and old alike – as we pave a new way forward. The singular importance of The New Republic as an institution can and will be preserved, because it's bigger than any one of us."
65 CONNECT 36 TWEET 3 LINKEDIN 8 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1A0Eew0
USA NOW
Suspected family murderer has been found dead | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

Mahindra bets on crossover launches to regain past glory in SUV segmentMahindra bets on crossover launches to regain past glory in SUV segment
Prabhu promises investor-friendly framework to make railways more efficientPrabhu promises investor-friendly framework to make railways more efficient
Sj lovrs this was just a technical correction after a huge upmovw from...Gold Member
67 Followers
You are still seeing technical chart. Technical chart  analysis won`t work in certain situations .it  shudders all of sudden with sudden fall in  fundamentals.
In reply to : visciousviper message
10.55 AM Dec 6th

One sectionof media(same goyal-jet supporters)i feel.New Member
2 Followers
There is certain inevitability in this due to the bad reputation of major shareholders of airlines involved KFA,SJ,Paramount that all of them UPA chamchas. A businessman irrespective of region will try to influence the govt in power.
In reply to : akdirect message
11.03 AM Dec 6th

Circit limit change to 10 % so jbf not go beyond 300 on monday so dont...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Assets should exist firstly for any restructuring. you can find 100s o...Platinum Member
56 Followers
I also saw that!!! I think they are just moving numbers here and there! may be short term to long term.. long term to short term with their convenience:) Lenders have given them full power to do it:) I was checking their latest annual report. They have consolidate total borrowing at 5000crore(long and short) and interesting thing is their consolidated receivable is also 5000 crore:) After all these write downs..consolidated reserve and surplus is still around 2200crore. So lots of write down/scare is still pending.
In reply to : gsp message
9.24 AM Dec 5th

Impact of single carbon dioxide emission felt within 10 yearsIndia ranks 65th on tourism competitiveness index
The climate warming caused by a single carbon emission takes only about 10 years to reach its maximum effect, according to a new study which refutes the common belief that today’s emissions won’t be felt for decades and that they are a problem for future generations.
The study conducted by Carnegie Institution for Science’s Katharine Ricke and Ken Caldeira is the first to evaluate how long it takes to feel the maximum warming effect caused by a single carbon emission.
“A lot of climate scientists have intuition about how long it takes to feel the warming from a particular emission of carbon dioxide,” Ricke said.
“But that intuition might be a little bit out of sync with our best estimates from today’s climate and carbon cycle models,” she said.
Many climate model simulations focus on the amount of warming caused by emissions sustained over decades or centuries, but the timing of temperature increases caused by particular emission has been largely overlooked.
Ricke and Caldeira sought to correct that by combining the results from two large modelling studies one about the way carbon emissions interact with the global carbon cycle and one about the effect of carbon on the Earth’s climate used by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change.
They found that actions taken to avoid emissions today would be felt within the lifetimes of the people who acted, not just by future generations.
“CO2 emissions cause global temperatures to increase for about a decade, but then temperatures stay high for a long time,” Caldeira said.
“This means if we avoid an emission, we avoid heating that would otherwise occur this decade. This will benefit us and not just our grandchildren. This realisation could help break the political logjam over policies designed to reduce greenhouse gas emissions,” Caldeira said.
The authors noted that while the warming caused by a single emission reaches a maximum quickly, damage caused by this warming can play out over longer periods, including effects of sea level rise and harm to ecosystems caused by sustained warming.
The work is published in the journal Environmental Research Letters.
TAGS: Carnegie Institution For Science
More from lifestyle
Sparks fly when egg meets sperm: Study Sparks fly when an egg meets sperm, according to a new study which found that the fertilised mammalian egg releases from its surface billions of zinc atoms that create tiny 'zinc sparks'.

Satisfaction- The disappointing journey to workIndia ranks 65th on tourism competitiveness index
The more time you spend getting to and from work, the less likely you are to be satisfied with life, a new study has found.
The research by the University of Waterloo, Ontario, shows exactly why commuting is such a contentment killer – and surprisingly, traffic is not the only reason to blame.
“We found that the longer it takes someone to get to work, the lower their satisfaction with life in general,” said Margo Hilbrecht, a professor in Applied Health Sciences and the associate director of research for the Canadian Index of Wellbeing.
While commuting has long been thought to have some upsides, like providing time to unwind and transition from the workday, the new findings suggest the opposite is true for most people.
The researchers analysed data from Statistics Canada to better understand the links between commute time and well-being.
They found that on top of being linked to lower life satisfaction, long commute lengths are related to an increased sense of time pressure.
“Some people may enjoy a commute, but overall, longer travel time is linked to feelings of time crunch, which can increase stress levels,” said Hilbrecht.
Lengthy commutes have already been linked to poor mental and physical health, including hypertension, obesity, low-energy and illness-related work absences.
Beyond bad traffic, the researchers found one other factor to be highly correlated with commuters’ life satisfaction: physical activity.
“We learned that commuters who had time for physical leisure had higher life satisfaction,” said Hilbrecht.
“Physical activity can mitigate commuting-related stress if workers can include it in their daily routines, but the obvious constraint is time scarcity. Longer commutes mean less time for other activities, which leads to lower life satisfaction,” said Hilbrecht.
Other factors linked to higher life satisfaction among commuters include flexible work hours and a higher household income. According to the study, women reported higher levels of time pressure, as did those with a partner.
“The message to employers is that encouraging flexible work hours or providing time for physical leisure can pay dividends in their employees’ satisfaction with life,” said Hilbrecht.
“A long commute is detrimental to health. Maybe it’s better to take a job that pays a little less money but is closer to home. If you have a choice, it’s worth looking at the impact of the commute on well-being,” Hilbrecht added.
The study was published in World Leisure Journal.
TAGS: University Of Waterloo
More from lifestyle
Sparks fly when egg meets sperm: Study Sparks fly when an egg meets sperm, according to a new study which found that the fertilised mammalian egg releases from its surface billions of zinc atoms that create tiny 'zinc sparks'.

SPECTRE  the next Bond filmUpdated: December 15, 2014 12:59 IST
‘Spectre’, the next Bond film
Udhav Naig
Tweet
Reuters
Actors (left to right) Lea Seydoux, Daniel Craig and Monica Bellucci pose on stage during an event to mark the start of production for the new James Bond film “SPECTRE”, at Pinewood Studios in Iver Heath, southern England on Thursday.
Reuters
Actors Monica Bellucci (left) and Lea Seydoux pose on stage during an event to mark the start of production for the new James Bond film “SPECTRE”, at Pinewood Studios in Iver Heath, southern England on Thursday.
TOPICS
Christoph Waltz is joining the cast, while Andrew Scott Moriarty from “Sherlock” will play a government official; Lea Seydoux and Monica Bellucci are the new “Bond girls”.
British film-maker Sam Mendes on Thursday announced that the much-awaited 24th Bond film will be called Spectre.
In an event telecast live on YouTube from Pinewood Studios in London, director Mr. Mendes ended speculation about who will be the Bond girls and villains in Spectre. Italian actor Monica Bellucci and French actor Lea Seydoux were introduced as the new Bond girls. As for the villains, Andrew Scott, who played Sherlock Holmes’ nemesis Moriarty in BBC’s Sherlock, will join hands with Oscar winner Christoph Waltz.
Speaking about the film, Mr. Mendes said that the cast and the crew will shoot the film in the next seven months. “Most of the creative team of Skyfall will work in this new film including its writer, John Logan. The film will be shot in places such as London, Rome, Mexico City, Austria and Morocco,” he said.
The film will also see British luxury sports car, Aston Martin, continuing its 50-year association with the Bond franchise. Spectre will feature a male head of British intelligence agency MI6. Actor Ralph Fiennes will replace Judi Dench, who has played the role in the last seven movies. Mr. Mendes announced that the film will release in November 2015.

Yummy mummy Aishwarya Rai Bachchan is the lady in blackentertainment
Aishwarya Rai Bachchan is the lady in black
Bollywood beauty and yummy mummy Aishwarya Rai Bachchan graced the launch of a watch store in suburban Mumbai on Thursday (December 4). (Source: Varinder Chawla)
The former beauty queen was chic in a black leather collared Gucci number with knee-high boots, also by Gucci. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Pretty Pretty! Aishwarya Rai finished off her look with a sleek ponytail and matt lips. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
The Bachchan bahu showed off a massive sparkler on her ring finger. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Aishwarya Rai Bachchan recently made headlines with news of her reuniting with 'Devdas' co-star, Shah Rukh Khan for the remake of ‘Chalti Ka Naam Gadi’. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
The mother-of-one has also agreed to do good friend Karan Johar’s directorial venture, ‘Ae Dil Hai Mushkil’. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Aishwarya Rai cuts the ribbon as she inaugurates the store. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Related

Spotify Reveals Everything You Never Wanted To Know About Your Musical Tastereddit
You can't hide your guilty pleasures, earworms and favorite albums from Spotify.
The music-streaming site on Wednesday released its Year in Music 2014 feature, stuffed with information about your listening habits over the past 12 months.
You might find that your musical tastes are a bit stuck in the past, with few or no 2014-vintage albums on your most-listened-to list. That's what happened to me: Many listens of the latest Dum Dum Girls (I dare you to resist "Are You Okay?" ), but plenty of Hole and Pixies, which kind of makes me feel like I'm 20 years too late to be a cool kid.
My top five most-listened-to albums on Spotify in 2014
Or your modern sensibilities might be totally validated, with Spotify explaining that your favorite genres include "chillwave" and "nu disco":
Alexander Kaufman, an associate business editor at The Huffington Post, shared his top Spotify genres from 2014.
Spotify has released similar year-end listening data for a couple of years now, but the 2014 edition appears to be its most robust yet. It displays the top genres you listened to, with suggested playlists for each; your top five artists, albums, and playlists; top 10 songs; the geographic origin of your most-listened-to music; which artist you listened to most in each of the four seasons; how much time you spent listening to music in total and on what device; plus which day of the week you tended to listen to Spotify the most.
Spotify even shows you where your music came from in 2014.
The Year in Music page can also be used to create a playlist of your 100 most-listened-to tracks in 2014, along with a "play it forward" playlist of music Spotify thinks you'll like based on your preferences -- presumably so you don't stop using the streaming-music service, ever.
Spotify also breaks down global trends in music: The big winner for 2014 is Ed Sheeran , who garnered more than 860 million listens on the streaming service. Another major star from this year -- Taylor Swift -- was nowhere to be found on the global list, perhaps owing to her high-profile decision to remove her music from Spotify last month -- though she still appears in listeners' personal rankings.
More:

Tough for spinners in AustraliaMore
Tough for spinners in Australia
Slow bowlers have struggled to make an impact in Australia over the last few years, and that's even truer for overseas offspinners.
By S Rajesh | ESPNcricinfo –  Fri 5 Dec, 2014 11:36 AM IST
Tweet
0
R Ashwin. Shane Warne made the art of spin bowling sexy in Australia after a long time, but in the last few years Australia hasn't been a good venue for spin bowling. There has been the odd top performance by a spinner - like Nathan Lyon 's 5 for 50 in the Boxing Day Test last year, Anil Kumble's 5 for 84 in 2007, or Monty Panesar's 5 for 92 on the first day of the Perth Test in 2006 - but it's been rare enough to count as an exception, not the rule.
Since the beginning of 2006, 45 Tests have been played in Australia, in which fast bowlers have taken 1089 wickets at an average of 31.94. The average is the fourth-best among all host countries during this period (with a cut-off of 15 Tests), after South Africa (29.18), West Indies (31.76) and New Zealand (31.79). As the averages indicate, there's hardly any difference among the numbers in West Indies, New Zealand and Australia.
In the same period, however, spinners have managed only 312 wickets in Australia - a rate of 6.93 wickets per Test, compared to 24.2 per Test for the fast bowlers. It's the average, though, that's even more glaring: spinners concede 46.16 runs per wicket, which is easily the worst among all countries. In all countries where at least 15 Tests have been played during this period, the average for spinners ranges between 32 and 38: the best is West Indies' 32.75, and the worst - excluding Australia - is 37.43 in New Zealand. Australia is about 23% worse than New Zealand, which says a bit about how much tougher it is for them in Australia compared to other countries. In fact, the difference in averages between No. 1 and No. 8 (West Indies and New Zealand) is less than the difference between No. 8 and No. 9 (New Zealand and Australia). The strike rates aren't so different between Australia and New Zealand because spinners are a lot more economical in New Zealand, conceding 2.70 runs per over, compared to 3.31 in Australia, which is also the highest among all countries.
Australia is also the only country where spinners haven't taken a single ten-for during this period. They've even managed one in South Africa, with Saeed Ajmal taking 10 for 147 in Cape Town last year. Rangana Herath came close in Durban in 2011, taking 9 for 128, while Paul Harris and Graeme Swann also have nine-wicket hauls in South Africa. In Australia, though, the best by a spinner in a match is eight wickets, and even those wickets came at the cost of 200-plus runs: Panesar took 8 for 237 in Perth in 2006, and Kumble 8 for 254 in Sydney in 2008. The last spinner to take a ten-for in Australia was Sri Lanka's Upul Chandana, who took 10 for 210 in Cairns in 2004. In fact, the last nine ten-fors in Australia have all been by wristspinners; Allan Border's 11 for 96 against West Indies in 1989 was the last instance of a non-wristspinner taking ten in Australia. (Click here for the full list of ten-fors by spinners in Australia.)
Australia is also the only country where spinners don't have a single haul of more than five wickets in an innings.
Spinners in each country in Tests since Jan 2006 (Qual: 15 Tests)
Host

India mfg  services growth outpaced China in NovIndia manufacturing, services growth outpaced China in Nov: HSBC
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 5, 2014  | 13:38 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Manufacturing and services sectors in India expanded at a faster pace than China in November, even as emerging market output slipped for the second consecutive month to a six-month low.
The HSBC Emerging Markets Index (EMI), a monthly indicator derived from PMI surveys, slipped for the second month running to 51.2, signalling the weakest rate of expansion since May.
The EMI remained well below its long-run trend level of 53.7 as both manufacturers and service providers in emerging markets registered slower and identical rates of output expansion in November, HSBC said on Friday.
"2014 looks set to record the lowest annual average for the Index since its inception in November 2005," the HSBC report added.
Data for the four largest emerging economies showed contrasting activity trends in November.
China registered growth for the seventh month running while India posted the fastest growth since June. Russia and Brazil, however, registered sharper rates of decline during November.
During November, the HSBC composite index for India, that maps both manufacturing and services, stood at 53.6, whereas for China it was 51.1, Brazil (48.1) and Russia (47.6).
An index measure of above 50 indicates expansion.
"Downturn in Russia and Brazil are intensifying to worrying extents, and China's economic growth rate continues to slow. Only India saw an improvement in November," Markit Chief Economist Chris Williamson said.
Meanwhile, the outlook for global emerging markets also deteriorated during November.
The HSBC Emerging Markets Future Output Index, which tracks firms' expectations for activity in 12 months' time, fell to a new record-low. All four of the largest emerging economies posted weaker sentiment for next 12 months, most notably Russia and Brazil, while China posted the lowest output expectations.

This Is Where I Leave You review: Anything can happen. Anything happens all the timeWritten by Shalini Langer | New Delhi |
Posted: December 5, 2014 6:22 pm
A recently departed father, an unstoppable mother, four middlingly successful children, their neighbourhood past flings and one week at the family home. We all know where this is headed. Still Levy, working with a novel and screenplay by Jonathan Tropper, had a good thing going with the cast he brought together. However, a film is not just the sum of its parts, even if many of those parts have to do with sexual anatomy.
So, a running joke in This is Where I Leave You is Hillary’s (Fonda) breast implants. She stuns with them at her husband’s funeral, when hugging her children, and particularly when bent down laying the bed for her son. Another matter of endless humour is eldest son Paul’s (Stoll) efforts to have a child with wife (a wasted Hahn). Wendy’s (Fey) 3-year-old son carries his potty around and shows what he has done inside, while Judd (Jason) walks in on his wife cheating on him with his boss. The fourth and youngest child, Philip (Driver), is an endless flirt.
The four sons and their mother go through the usual cycle of recrimination, remembrance, remorse and rediscovery. If Bateman and Fonda emerge most successfully from it, you can come away with this one line told by Penny (Byrne) to old flame Judd — “Anything can happen. Anything happens all the time.”

Kohli  Vijay slam fifties as India draw practice game with CA XIBy: Press Trust of India | Adelaide |
Posted: December 5, 2014 1:21 pm
Indian batsmen got some much-needed workout ahead of the Test series against Australia as they put up 375 runs in 90 overs before their two-day tour game against Cricket Australia XI ended in a draw at the Glenelg Oval in Adelaide on Friday.
After notching up 375 runs in their first innings, the visitors reduced the hosts to 83/5 in 21 overs in their second innings before play was called off.
The morning started with India on their overnight score at 99/2. Stand-in skipper Virat Kohli and opener Murali Vijay were at the crease, looking to carry on their 63-run stand for the third wicket.
They batted the whole morning away and stretched their partnership to 123 runs. Both batsmen went on to score fine half-centuries, making good use of the lives they were granted last evening when on 0 and 5 respectively.
Both Kohli and Vijay retired after their fifties, the former first to go at the end of the 43rd over of the innings, after scoring 66 runs off 94 balls (10 fours).
Vijay walked off two overs later, after scoring 60 runs off 136 balls (10 fours).
It brought Rohit Sharma and Ajinkya Rahane to the crease, and they batted fluently, especially the latter who looked comfortable against both pace and spin. Sharma too opened up against the slower bowlers as they put on 103 runs for the fifth wicket.
Rahane retired after scoring 56 runs off only 64 balls (7 fours) while Sharma was involved in a mix-up with Wriddhiman Saha and was run-out. He scored 48 runs off 73 balls, with five fours and a couple of sixes.
Saha then paired up with Suresh Raina (20) and looked to score some quick runs. But the latter was unable to find comfort in the middle and was caught at second slip off skipper Ashton Turner (1-40).
Saha went on to score 51 runs off 67 balls (8 fours), with Ravindra Jadeja (23) too spending some time in the middle. Saha was the last man out in the 90th over.
For Cricket Australia XI, Josh Lalor picked up 4-59 in 17 overs.
The Indian team management then opted to bowl 24 overs in the day calling off the match before the final hour of play.
But they only bowled 21 off those, choosing to play football afterwards instead.
Umesh Yadav (1-30) and Varun Aaron (1-28) looked sharp in their short spells, bowling with pace, but were a touch on the expensive side.
Ishant Sharma (2-8) picked up two late wickets in his five overs. Karn Sharma (1-16) too added one to his kitty before play was called off.
The first Test of the four-match series begins in Adelaide on Tuesday.
The series’ schedule had to be reworked after the tragic death of batsman Phillip Hughes, who passed away after being hit by a bouncer continued…

Sean Abbott not ready to return to cricket yetBy: Reuters | Sydney |
Posted: December 5, 2014 6:19 pm
Sean Abbott might have started his net sessions after overcoming the shock of bowling the fateful bouncer that took Phillip Hughes’ life but the medium-pacer is not yet ready to return to competitive cricket, opting out of this weekends fixtures of Sydney grade competition.
The 22-year-old, who rolled his arm over in the SCG nets at a New South Wales optional training session early this
week, will not play in his club’s clash with Northern Districts, according to Fairfax Media.
Sydney University are preparing for Abbott’s absence but are leaving the option open if he does want to play come
Saturday morning.
Last weekend, all grade cricket was called off to mourn the loss of Hughes, but many clubs believe it is time to get
back out there and dig in.
The East Torrens Cricket Club, Hughes’ Adelaide grade club, is holding a special tribute before their match against
Sturt.
An East Torrens official said no players had asked to sit out this week, including Hughes’ state teammate Adam Zampa, who was playing in the Sheffield Shield match when Hughes was hit.
“Our club has had no one ask to sit out this week,” an official was quoted as saying on ‘Sydney Morning Herald’.
“Players will always remember Phillip Hughes and playing in his memory is important for the club. Along the lines of
Michael Clarke, our players players are ready to dig in and fight on to tea.”
All grade cricket teams are preparing to honour Hughes with 63-second silences, black armbands and painting his baggy green number 408 on the field.

Sydney Cricket Ground s pitch seven retired to honour HughesBy: Press Trust of India | Sydney |
Posted: December 5, 2014 6:36 pm | Updated: December 5, 2014 6:58 pm
Sydney Cricket Ground’s Pitch No.7, the 22-yard strip on which Phillip Hughes fell after being fatally struck by a bouncer on head, has been retired.
The wicket square at the SCG has 10 pitches. Hughes received his fatal blow on pitch No 7 and fell face-forward.
He succumbed to the blow in the hospital a few days later, leaving the cricketing world in shock.
Curator Tom Parker told ‘The Australian’ that particular pitch on which Hughes was struck by a Sean Abbott bouncer
would be getting the cold shoulder for a while.
No batsman could be expected to ply his trade on it. No curator could be expected to prepare it. Parker will give it
another chance at next year’s World Cup.
“Pitch No 7 has been retired,” Parker said, as 3000 people converged on the SCG to watch the coverage of Hughes’s
funeral on the big screen on Wednesday.
New South Wales play a Sheffield Shield match at the SCG next week. It will probably start on Tuesday.
“It breaks my heart, what’s happened. This is the people’s ground. It really is. Look at everyone here. I never thought I’d see someone die out here. I love this place. I love what it means to people,” Parker said.
“This old place has given us a lot of good memories. I’m shocked by what’s happened. My staff are shocked. We won’t be using that particular pitch for a long time,” he said.
NSW next week will make their first Sheffield Shield appearance since the on-field tragedy. They will be playing on pitch No 2. It is about as far as Parker can get from the site of last week’s accident.
“I don’t want to touch it for now,” he said.
Hughes’s funeral service was shown on the SCG’s big screen.
CA XI bowlers to share insights into Indian team
Five bowlers of the Cricket Australia XI, against whom India played a couple of two-day games as a warm-up to the Test series, will stay here to assist the national side and provide insights into the visiting team.
The second practice match finished in an inevitable draw on Friday, but CA XI captain Ashton Turner is among five bowlers from the team that will remain here to assist the national team in the nets.
“Players would probably be talking about what they saw and did, which will be passed onto other players,” CA XI coach Troy Cooley was quoted as saying by Australian news agency AAP.

Viral video 2014: Tiger attacks manTiger Attacks Man: Real Tiger Attack Stunt
by Barcroft TV 2:55 mins
793,900 views
Tiger Attacks Man: Real Tiger Attack Stunt
by Barcroft TV 2:55 mins
793,900 views
Meet the only man in the world who can withstand a full-scale assault by a 400lb tiger. Fearless Randy Miller, 45, has trained big cat Eden to leap 15 feet and pile-drive him into the ground in a an inch-perfect fake tiger attack. It then looks like Randy's days are numbered as the huge predator then mauls him on the floor. But it's all part of the duo's purr-fect act - as Randy walks away unharmed. Dad-of-two Randy rears his star animals from birth and uses his lifelong bond with them to achieve wild things on the big screen. He bottle fed Eden when she was a cub, and eventually taught her to jump on him for food rewards. Randy's predator stunts are so astonishing they landed him a top stunt award for his work on Russell Crowe blockbuster Gladiator after - they superimposed Crowe's face onto Randy for a famous scene when main character Maximus was attacked by one of Miller's tigers, Tara, in a Colosseum battle. At his special animal training facility in Big Bear, California, Randy has trained amazing creatures for roles in Transformers 2, The Last Samurai and many other movies.
Link

Huge honour to share the court with Federer: SaniaBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 5, 2014 10:19 pm
Sania Mirza’s dream of playing alongside Roger Federer will be realised when the two team up for the mixed doubles in the third leg of the International Premier Tennis League (IPTL) beginning in New Delhi on Saturday.
“Well what do I say. It will be a huge honour to share the court with Roger. Really looking forward to performing in
front of the home fans,” said Sania, who is representing table leaders Indian Aces in the four-team competition.
Sania and Federer are scheduled to play mixed doubles on Sunday and Monday.
Besides Roger and compatriot Rohan Bopanna, Pete Sampras will be Sania’s another famed teammate.
Asked who she would choose between Federer and Sampras for the mixed doubles, Sania said: “Well that is one hell of an option. I will take whoever you give me. I don’t choose in this scenario”.
Sania and Bopanna are the lone Indians competing in the IPTL. In such a scenario, do they feel the event will benefit
Indian tennis besides being an exhibition involving global icons like Federer and Sampras?
“Most definitely it will benefit Indian tennis. This kind of a players’ line up has never been seen before in the country. It can do a lot to motivate the youngsters. There is a lot of difference when you watch it live and when you watch the game on on TV,” said Sania.
Bopanna added: “Speaking for myself on the subject, I think IPTL will do a lot of good. Being a doubles players, my
matches are not shown on TV. All my friends tell me they only get to read about them in the newspapers. Now we are coming live and all these young kids can watch us play, seeing us they can be inspired to pick up the sport.
“It is a great format and we have got some great camaraderie going on. I think overall tennis is the winner here,” said Bopanna.
An expected question asked to the players was on their experience of playing in an all new time restricted format.
“It is fun. It can be part of the next season’s preparation. Off season can be tiring otherwise. We normally spend lot of time with our team. Events like these outside your country is a good way to prepare,” said world number five Ana Ivanovic, who was sitting alongside Sania.
Sania, on her part, was all praise for the tournament.
“It has been amazing so far. Initially there were a few changes we needed to get used to. We all came thinking it is going to be a bit relaxed but like everyone is saying we are giving everything we have. It is a lot fun at the same time,” said the Hyderabadi.
“As tennis players we don’t get to play team events very often. With IPTL we have struck have great friendships as
well.
Ivanovic added: “I have not played team events before and when I heard about this concept, I wanted to be a part of it. Like Sania said continued…

J.J. Watt Wore A Microphone During A Texans Game  And It Was Hilariousreddit
J.J. Watt's chatter has plenty of game, too.
The Houston Texans star wore a microphone during the team's 45-21 victory over the Tennessee Titans on Sunday, giving listeners a taste of his lighter side.
Before the game even began, Watt invited teammate DeAndre Hopkins to get movie snacks -- "Sno-Caps, perhaps?" -- and watch Watt put on a show. It's a delight, as is Watt's impressive knowledge of old-school cinema candy.
And when an offensive lineman tried to stop Watt during a play, the Texan asked him matter-of-factly, "You gonna hold all day, or just part of it?"
Funny stuff. But maybe don't call Watt funny to his face.
H/T For The Win
More:

FC Goa book semi-final berth after 3-1 win over Chennaiyin FCBy: Press Trust of India | Chennai |
Posted: December 6, 2014 12:33 am | Updated: December 6, 2014 1:38 am
FC Goa beat Chennaiyin FC in-front of their home crowd with 3-1 win to clinch a semi-final berth in the Indian Super League.
The team coached by legendary Zico now have 21 points from 13 games — just a point less than table toppers Chennayin and are assured of a place in the semi-final.
Romeo Fernandes (23rd minute), Brazilian Andre Santos (41st minute) and Cezch striker Miroslav Slepicka (62nd minute) scored for the winners while Jean Maurice reduced the margin for the ‘Men in Blue’ in the stoppage time.
It was a match that was completely dominated by Goa save first 15 minutes as they went all out in attack from the onset.
With regular coach Marco Materazzi not in the dug-out, Chennayin didn’t have the proper guidance. The decision to field inexperienced Jayesh Rane proved to be a poor decision.
Goa got the goal against the run of play when Mandar Rao Desai’s left-footed pile-driver richocheted against the horizontal before falling to Romeo, who stabbed it home with a left-footer before custodian Shilton Paul could react.
Shilton, who replaced regular goalkeeper Genaro Bracigliano, had a forgettable day in office.
Goa made it 2-0 after a defensive lapse by Chennayin’s part as Slepicka found an unmarked Santos, whose left-footed angular placement beat Shilton, who failed to sufficiently narrow down the angle.
After the change of ends, it was another punch that rocked the Chennai citadel when Narayan Das’s punch was barely parried away by Paul as Slepicka lurking around made no mistake with the rebound to make it 3-0.
In the dying moments, Chennai had something to cheer about as Goa goalie Jan Seda came out of his charge and Maurice cleverly pushed it towards the goal to pull one back. But that was too late in the day.

Stalemate continues over Sadhvis remarksNew Delhi, December 5, 2014
Updated: December 6, 2014 00:19 IST
Stalemate continues over Sadhvi’s remarks
National Bureau
Tweet
The Hindu
Minister of State for Food Processing Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti is mobbed by the media as she arrives at Parliament House on Friday. Photo: V. Sudershan
TOPICS
political development
The stalemate in Parliament over Union Minister of State Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti’s controversial remarks continued on Friday as the government rejected the Opposition proposal to move a “Motion of Censure” in the Rajya Sabha.
Nine Opposition parties in the Rajya Sabha issued a joint statement stating that as their proposal had been rejected, the impasse in the House was “thus the creation of the government.” At the same time, the Opposition tweaked its demand and urged the government to accept a joint resolution in the Rajya Sabha condemning attempts to “outrage our Constitution by making inflammatory speeches aimed at dividing the syncretic, socio-cultural mosaic” of the country. The statement was issued soon after Prime Minister Narendra Modi urged the Lok Sabha to put the issue to rest as the Minister had apologised.

Modi to meet CMs on Planning panel revampNEW DELHI, December 5, 2014
Updated: December 6, 2014 02:43 IST
Modi to meet CMs on Planning panel revamp
National Bureau
Prime Minister Narendra Modi speaks in the Lok Sabha on Friday.
TOPICS
national politics
Prime Minister makes announcement during a surprise intervention during Question Hour in the Lok Sabha amid continuing criticism over his absence from Parliament.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has convened a meeting of all Chief Ministers on Sunday to elicit their views on the restructuring of Planning Commission. This information was provided to the Lok Sabha by Mr. Modi himself during Question Hour on Friday in a surprise intervention made in the wake of continuing criticism over his absence from Parliament.
According to Mr. Modi, there have been a lot of deliberations within the Commission itself on making the institution more in tune with the changing requirements of the nation. “We are just taking this forward,” he said; adding that a large number of experts were being consulted in the process.
He made this intervention to a question listed by Vincent H. Pala (Congress) and Saugata Roy (Trinamool Congress). Both members were not present to raise the question as they had boycotted proceedings over the continuation of Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti in the Ministry, but Speaker Sumitra Mahajan allowed the Minister concerned to table the written reply.
Taking the House by surprise, Mr. Modi said he would like to reply and went on to make what was his first intervention in Question Hour in the Lok Sabha. The Prime Minister has been under attack inside and outside Parliament all week for ignoring the central legislature. The Opposition has nicknamed him “NRI PM” and said he has addressed more parliaments overseas than the Indian Parliament.
Later, intervening during Zero Hour with a fresh appeal to the Opposition to return to the House, Parliamentary Affairs Minister M. Venkaiah Naidu underscored the fact that the Prime Minister had not only sought truce but also replied to a question.
This was the second Question Hour in the Lok Sabha that Mr. Modi attended this week; the first instance being on Wednesday. However, he did not reply to any question or address the House on the controversial remarks of the Minister. His first official comment on the issue was made on Thursday in the Rajya Sabha where the government is in a minority. This led to criticism of him ignoring the Opposition in the Lok Sabha because it was both weak and fragmented.

Can You Really Measure Whether a Leader Has Good Judgmentreddit
You've no doubt watched someone do something stupid and wondered about their common sense. Like resigning from a good job in a fit of anger before landing a new one. Like blowing a wad of money on a whimsical purchase to impress someone they hardly know. Like dashing across an 8-lane freeway at night with speeding traffic in all directions.
Among the reasons CEOs cite for their bad judgment, the most common is that they have misjudged the judgment of others.
We have a plethora of skills tests, intelligence tests, emotional tests and psychological assessments. But can you test someone's judgment?
That's why the Judgment Index piqued my interest when it popped into my email inbox a few weeks ago. It was developed as the Hartman Value Profile by Robert S. Hartman, PhD and pioneered by Judgment Index President, C. Stephen Byrum, PhD, at Yale's Institute for Excellence. The assessment promised that with two -- yes, only two -- questions and approximately 15 minutes invested I could measure my judgment in seven areas to see if I was ready for executive responsibilities.
Since I've been operating at that level for three decades, I decided it might be time for an objective score card other than the balance sheet. In addition to the intrigue of the topic, the two matching questions and their relationship to judgment seemed no less fascinating.
To say I was astounded at the 92 percent accuracy on a database of 8,000 test-takers and the originality of the Judgment Index is an understatement. It was as if I'd been told to touch my nose 10 times, and the test accurately reported my three favorite colors.
As for a judgment "score card" on the job, communication applications like these come to mind:
• Can a leader determine whether her feedback is motivating or demoralizing the staff?
• How much information should the sales agent communicate to a client about your internal discussions?
• Should a hot topic be discussed privately or in staff meeting?
• How important is it to understand why a strong team or individual may have tremendous difficulty relating to your external client?
• At what point does a strong work ethic lead to an out-of-balance life and become detrimental to one's health--and lead to a retention problem for the organization?
All these issues require sound judgment. Some people have it; others don't. The degree to which your team members have good judgment determines their success and that of your entire team.
You've heard it said, "If you can't measure something, you can't manage it." Placing metrics around that hard-to-identify quality of judgment can make all the difference in successful hiring, safety, health and well-being, innovation, and employee morale.
Put another way: judgment is hard to identify until you see its opposite on display. In our complex world with complicated decisions facing us every day, even the smallest insight can make the critical difference in outcomes.
And that's a judgment call.
(Note:  No, I have no connection to the Judgment Index or this firm -- other than curiosity!)
Follow Dianna Booher on Twitter: www.twitter.com/DiannaBooher
More:

Some disinvestment this: PSUs buy over half of SAIL offer  LIC tops list ofinvestorsWritten by Sandeep Singh | New Delhi |
Posted: December 6, 2014 4:43 am | Updated: December 6, 2014 8:57 am
State-owned financial institutions subscribed to more than half of the shares of steel major SAIL that were off-loaded by the Centre on Friday in its first divestment offer for the current financial year.
In all, the Centre raised around Rs 1,725 crore by selling 20.65 crore shares, representing 5 per cent of SAIL’s equity, at an indicative price of approximately Rs 83.5 per share.
A source close to the development told The Indian Express that of the total amount raised by the government in the SAIL issue, almost 55 per cent was invested by five leading financial institutions primarily led by Life Insurance Corporation that invested around Rs 700 crore. LIC alone subscribed to 40 per cent of the total shares on offer. The issue saw a subscription of 207 per cent.
Another source also confirmed that LIC has invested around Rs 700 crore but added, “The allocation to LIC may be slightly lower than that as some bids were at a lower price.”
LIC’s MD V K Sharma confirmed the state owned insurer’s participation in the Sail OFS without elaborating further. Another MD, S B Mainak, who is in charge of LIC’s investments, refused to take any question.
A look into the last five major disinvestments done by the government shows that in two of them — Hindustan Copper (July 2013) and SAIL (March 2013) — state-owned financial institutions had subscribed to more than 50 per cent of the shares on offer and LIC was the major subscriber.
It is also learnt that State Bank of India and General Insurance Corporation invested around Rs 150 crore and Rs 50 crore respectively.
Other government-owned financial institutions to participate were United India Assurance and Oriental Insurance.
Among domestic private sector players, ICICI Bank is learnt to have purchased shares amounting to close to Rs 100 crore. The FII participation in the issue was, however, limited. Global hedge fund players such as Seganti Capital (investment of close to Rs 100 crore) and Geosphere Capital (investment of around Rs 30 crore) were among the major players. Vanguard is also learnt to have participated with share purchase of over Rs 30 crore.
“While the issue has been subscribed, it lacks participation from major marquee global investors,” said a source while highlighting the overall weak interest in state-owned companies.
SAIL is only first among the list of companies where the government is looking to divest a part of its holding to raise funds to meet its revenue target for the year. The next in line are Coal India Limited, Power Finance Corporation, ONGC and NHPC. The Centre has set a target to raise Rs 43,425 crore from disinvestment in the current fiscal, which is crucial to fund the fiscal deficit target of 4.1 per cent of the GDP.
With weak investor appetite for these stocks, market experts feel that the government-owned financial institutions will play a major role in the divestment process this year too.
PSU stocks have lagged in performance even in a bull market that saw the Sensex rise by over 15 per cent since Narendra Modi led government assumed power on May 26.
While the broader markets rallied, the public sector index comprising 59 listed state-owned companies saw a 2.2 per cent decline in its value in the same period. This is as opposed to several other sectoral indices that have jumped anywhere between 10 and 50 per cent in the last six months. Market experts attribute the weak performance of PSU index to no visible management reforms in these enterprises contrary to the initial expectations. In fact, as many as 17 PSUs are without a chairman including the likes of CIL, PFC and NHPC.
A leading market expert said that the challenge is to turnaround the management, get them out of bureaucratic hands and make them professional.

Not surprised by what Niranjan Jyoti said its theirstrategyWritten by Abantika Ghosh | Kolkata |
Posted: December 6, 2014 4:26 am
For most of the Winter Session, the Trinamool Congress has been on a warpath with the BJP. TMC national spokesperson Derek O’Brien tells Abantika Ghosh why they have taken a tough stand against the saffron party
Your party has been locked in a bitter fight with Amit Shah of late. What is that?
Trinamool was formed by Mamata Banerjee after years of people’s movements and struggles… She has gained credibility over three decades, not just in Bengal but across the country. So when people come and let fly wild accusations, you have to ask: Who is this person? Is it the same man whom the CBI arrested in July 2010 in the fake encounter cases? But it’s not about an individual. It’s about ideology. It’s about a devious pattern to create communal disharmony with intent for electoral gain. It works at various levels. One of these is to make baseless allegations… Amit Shah should apologise to the people.
But hasn’t TMC been on the defensive since the Saradha scam?
Who arrested Sudipto Sen, the head of Saradha, from a hideout in Kashmir? Not the CBI, but West Bengal Police. Who suspended Kunal Ghosh from the party? Six lakh distressed people have got their money back, another five lakh remain… The malaise of chit funds has been around in Bengal, Assam and Orissa for decades. This is not something which sprouted in the past three years.
It is often said that the TMC is a one-woman party.
You could put the same question to the Congress, SP, BSP, BJD, DMK, AIADMK and, of course, the party which is now running the original one-man show.
Why has the opposition taken such a tough stand on Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti’s remarks?
I am not too surprised by what she said, because this is their strategy. Pre-election orchestrated toxic rhetoric, designed to be divisive. Nine parties in the Rajya Sabha are now working together to censure this kind of behaviour… We in the opposition want the RS to function… The keys to open it are with the Government.
Your party has made some sharp attacks on the BJP in the last two weeks.
There are different faces of the BJP. They talk of Digital India but plot Destructive India. They have a suave, articulate speaker in the Rajya Sabha but bigots in Nagpur. So we say to the BJP, you want to come to Bengal? Come. Fight us politically. But do not try and use the CBI or anybody else for political vendetta.
There is a perception that the Trinamool is uneasy about BJP’s increasing base in West Bengal.
In their last rally in Kolkata, Bengal’s BJP had 8 portraits on their backdrop. Six of them do not live in Bengal. A few days ago, they also claimed that the internationally renowned film director Rituparno Ghosh was meeting Amit Shah at Ashok Road and joining the BJP. How little do they know! The great Rituparno continued…

Apr-Oct subsidies at 71% of full-year target  against 78% last yearApr-Oct subsidies at 71% of full-year target  against 78% last year
No disruption: Vodafone  Airtel get 45 days to vacate spectrumVodafone, Airtel get 45 days to vacate spectrum
Anandita Singh Mankotia, ET Bureau Dec 6, 2014, 06.39AM IST
Tags:
Airtel
(The decision will now need…)
NEW DELHI: The telecom department has agreed to let Bharti Airtel and Vodafone keep using airwaves for which permits have expired, following intense pressure from the regulator and the carriers. The move will come as a relief to millions of users in Delhi and Mumbai circles who may have had to face service disruptions otherwise.
While the telecom department (DoT) has allowed an extension until mid-January for the Delhi circle, Vodafone can use its airwaves till mid-December in Mumbai. The decision will now need to be ratified by the Telecom Commission, the highest decision-making body at the Department of Telecommunications (DoT).
The commission is scheduled to meet on December 8. In a note to the Telecom Commission, DoT has said it has "no other" alternative but to agree to the operators' request for a 45-day extension in Delhi and 15 days in Mumbai. The companies sought the extra time to migrate to new frequencies that were allotted by the telecom department as late as October, leaving them just over a month to complete the changeover.
Spectrum usage charges
"To avoid large-scale disruptions to networks which may cause inconvenience to millions of subscribers and in public interest," the joint proposals by the operators "may be considered", the DoT said, clarifying the reason for its decision. The note further mentions that the top three operators — Bharti, Vodafone and Idea, in that order — have also agreed to pay spectrum usage charges from the time of earmarking of new airwaves bought in February.
This means each paying the spectrum charge from when the telecom department allotted the airwaves, irrespective of usage. The three operators had said that to avoid large-scale disruptions in connectivity, Idea had agreed to let its two rivals use its airwaves in the 900MHz band until January 15 in Delhi, with no financial implications.
This arrangement would allow Airtel and Vodafone some more time to deploy networks in the newly allotted frequencies they won in February, ensuring that services won't be disrupted during the changeover. But for this arrangement to work, they needed DoT's approval.More than 28 million subscribers -20 million for Bharti and Vodafone in Delhi and 8 million for Vodafone in Mumbai -could have faced severe network disruptions and call congestion had the telecom department not agreed to the spectrum rejig proposal sent jointly by the two operators and Idea Cellular .
It will also avoid a confrontation between DoT and Bharti-Vodafone. The carriers were unwilling to return the spectrum despite their permits having expired on November 29, citing connectivity disruptions. They were even ready to risk a fine if the government rejected their extension request, which they would then have challenged in court.
At the heart of the issue lies a delay of several months on part of the telecom department in allotting the frequencies won by all three operators in Delhi, Bharti Airtel in Mumbai and both Airtel and Vodafone in Kolkata in February this year. Bharti and Vodafone had lost part of their crucial 900 Mhz spectrum to Idea in Delhi, while Vodafone needed to surrender some of its holding to Bharti in the Mumbai circle.
However, operators were allotted their 'newly acquired' frequencies less than a month before their permits expired. This, the operators said, was insufficient time for them to retune their existing telecom infrastructure to the newly allotted frequencies.
In several letters to the telecom department, they had said they needed additional time before they could reconfigure their networks and in the meantime they should be allowed to continue using their older holdings, failing which more than 45% subscribers in Delhi alone would face severe disruption. The Telecom Regulatory Authority of India had also came down heavily on the telecom department for failing to allot airwaves on time.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Cleanliness drive by Local Tribes and A&N PoliceCleanliness drive by Local Tribes and A&N Police
NIA arrests Burdwan blast accused Shahnoor Alam from AssamDec 06, 2014 at 07:55am IST
NIA arrests Burdwan blast accused Shahnoor Alam from Assam
26
0
New Delhi: Key suspect in the Burdwan blast Shahnoor Alam, alleged to be the financial brain of Jamaat-ul-Mujahideen Bangladesh (JMB) terror group, was arrested on Thursday night by NIA with the help of central security agencies from Nalbari district of Assam.
NIA, whose probe into the October 2 blast received a boost after the arrest of another accused Sajid, had been tailing Alam for quite sometime after his name surfaced in the call records and interrogation of the arrested accused person.
The investigating agency in November had arrested his wife but Alam had been on the run since the blast. NIA, along with Assam police and central security agencies, were looking for him in the areas where he could be hiding. They arrested him this evening from Nalbari district, official sources said.
The investigating agency in November had arrested his wife but Alam had been on the run since the blast.
Alam, alias Doctor hails from Chatala village Barpeta district in Assam, is alleged to have arranged the money for the Indian modules of JMB.
NIA had also declared a reward of Rs 5 lakh for anyone providing any information about him.
9

J&K: Militants kill 8 Armymen  3 three policemen in Uriattack— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) December 5, 2014
125 crore Indians bow to our brave Army men who sacrificed their lives. These men lived & died for the nation. We won’t forget them.
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) December 5, 2014
Six militants were also killed in the attack at the Army camp which is 20 km from the Line of Control (LoC), official sources said.
Another pic of food items carried by the slain terrorists in Uri. They were prepared for a long haul. @IndianExpress pic.twitter.com/O2TV2gtgdv
— Man Aman Chhina (@manaman_chhina) December 5, 2014
Chief Minister Omar Abdullah termed the attack as a desperate attempt by militants to disrupt peace in the state. “Once again shows the  desperate levels militants will go to disrupt peace and normalcy,” he tweeted.
Officials said that after crossing the LoC, the militants, who were dressed in army fatigues, fired on an army patrol and then killed three guards at the gate of the camp. While one militant took position at the gate, five others went inside and opened fire, killing two more personnel of the artillery unit.
The militant at the gate, on the other hand, attacked a police party led by Uri’s Sub Divisional Police Officer, which came near the camp, killing three policemen, including an assistant sub inspector.
A defence spokesperson in Srinagar said, “Troops in the camp retaliated immediately and engaged the militants. Neighbouring units immediately mobilised their Quick Reaction Teams (QRT) and surrounded the area.”
An army spokesman said as QRT vehicles from the neighbouring 24 Punjab Battalion reached the camp, the militant at the gate opened fire on them. A couple of vehicles went off the road and overturned, killing three army personnel, including Lt Colonel Sankalp Kumar (40), Havaldar Subhash Chand (40) and Lance Naik Gurmail Singh (36). While the family of Kumar, who was the second-in-command of his unit, lives in Danapur Cantt, Chand was from Chamba district of Himachal Pradesh and Singh from Makhanpur in Jammu.
The army spokesman said, “The militant at the gate was immediately eliminated by the troops. During the operation, a barrack also caught fire, presumably because of a kerosene heater, in which some soldiers got trapped. The operation lasted for six hours and by 9.30 am all the militants were eliminated.”
The fact that the militants split in groups — with one taking position at the gate to counter the reaction teams — showed “planning and training”, said Army sources in Delhi. The army said six automatic rifles with 55 magazines, two shotguns, two night-vision binoculars, four radio sets, 32 unused grenades, a medical kit and and a large quantity of warlike stores that could have sustained them for four or five days were recovered from the slain militants. Sources said the attackers, who had possibly planned a seige and take hostages, knew the topography of the area.
After the attack, the army launched a massive search operation in neighbouring Boneyar and Rampur areas.
Other armymen who were killed have been identified as Naik Panna Lal Yadav (35) from Mauliya in Azamgarh; Gunner Satnam Singh (32) from Amritsar; Lance Naik Sukhwinder Singh (31) from Sooch in Bhatinda; DMT Kuldeep Kumar (27) from Kheri Bullan in Jind; and Gunner Manpreet Singh (28) from Gurdaspur.
Apart from the Mohura attack, there were three more militancy-related incidents in the Kashmir valley. Two militants were killed at Ahmadnagar neighbourhood in the outskirts of Srinagar when they walked into J&K police’s mobile check-point. “The militants were asked to stop at a checking point but they tried to escape and were killed in an encounter,’’ Inspector General of Police, Kashmir range, Abdul Gani Mir said. He said the police had set up check-points at various places ahead of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s Srinagar visit on December 8. “The militants who were killed were planning to enter the city,” Mir said. One of the militants was identified as Qari Asrar of Lashkar-e-Toiba.
In South Kashmir’s poll-bound Tral and Shopian towns, militants hurled grenades at security forces. While there was no casualty at Shopian, two civilians were killed and six were injured in the grenade blast in Tral.

After peace  Kashmir burns again; 21 killed | US condemns terrorist attacks in KashmirYou are here: Home > Collections > Srinagar
21 killed in terror attacks ahead of PM Narendra Modi's visit in Kashmir
Masood Hussain & BHAVNA VIJ AURORA, ET Bureau Dec 6, 2014, 06.44AM IST
Tags:
Ajai Sahni
(Modi condemned the attacks…)
SRINAGAR | NEW DELHI: Terrorists struck in Kashmir on Friday, leaving 21 people dead in multiple attacks, days before PM Narendra Modi is due to make a campaign stop in Srinagar in an election that has thus far seen voters turn out in unprecedented numbers in a strong rejection of the separatists' boycott call. The main attack took place in Uri, its ferocity reminiscent of the days when militancy was at its peak in Kashmir in 1990-95.
Modi condemned the attacks as "desperate attempts to derail the atmosphere of hope and goodwill as seen by increased voter turnout" and said he wouldn't be changing his plans to travel to Kashmir. He also called Army Chief Gen Dalbir Suhag for a meeting on security preparedness. Election Commission officials said they are unlikely to change the poll schedule, with three out of a total five phases yet to be completed.
The timing of the attacks is crucial. After two massively polled phases, Kashmir is readying for another one on Tuesday with Modi's maiden public speech in Srinagar slated for Monday.
Also, Friday was a state holiday for Sheikh Abdullah's birth anniversary. Besides this, the attacks come as the army has been seeking to reach out to the community with some of its personnel being prosecuted and punished for wrongful deaths. Home ministry officials discerned a pattern to the attacks. They also said the two militants killed as they tried to enter Srinagar may have been targeting the prime minister's rally.
Bloody Friday Started at 3 am
The attacks took place in four places in north, south and central Kashmir in a span of 12 hours. The fatalities included eight soldiers, eight militants, three policemen and two civilians.
Bloody Friday started early at about 3 am with the attack in Uri, seen as an unlikely target as it's part of a fortified border belt — this is the first time it's been hit. Six militants, armed to the teeth and dressed in white uniforms, barged into a local garrison at Mahura housing the 31 Field Regiment and also the location of an ammunition depot. Police sources said while guards outside the main gate killed one of the militants, the rest managed to get inside.
Though the close combat between the two sides was over by around 10 am, almost seven hours after they entered, a series of mop-up operations took place before the exercise was declared complete. Eight soldiers were killed, including Lt Col Sankalp Kumar. A local sub-divisional police officer (SDPO) was also killed along with three of his colleagues.
All the militants were killed. Five soldiers were injured.
The slain militants haven't been identified, an army spokesperson said, adding that six AK rifles with 55 magazines, two shotguns, two night vision binoculars, four radio sets and 32 unused grenades were among the materiel recovered. As reporters were busy waiting for the conclusion of the operation in Uri, two militants were intercepted by police in the Ahmednagar area of Srinagar. In the exchange of fire, one militant was killed and the other took shelter in a house before being killed in the next half hour. Police identified one of the two as Lashkare-Toiba commander Qari Israr and termed the operation a big success.
  As the day progressed, it was time for Juma namaz in Shopian. While people were offering prayers, a grenade was lobbed in the direction of the police station, but it hit a large chinar tree without causing loss of life or property. Some cops dismissed this as "barely a defused grenade".
Meanwhile, in militancy-infested Tral, independent candidate Abdul Rashid Sheikh had parked his vehicle and had gone into the mosque to offer Friday prayers. Militants tossed a grenade toward one of vehicles, killing two and injuring more than 25.
"Once again shows the desperate levels militants will go to disrupt peace and normalcy," Chief Minister Omar Abdullah tweeted. He hoped Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh would "take steps to plug the gaps in CI (confidential informants') grid". Singh, for his part, was blunt in directing his criticism across the border during a campaign speech in Rajouri. "Why is it that people who indulge in such activities hide in Pakistan? Should Pakistan not answer? I think Pakistan should try to stop these incidents. If they can't, they should speak to India about it," Singh said on Friday.
Congress leader Ghulam Nabi Azad was cryptic in his comments in Beerwa, where Omar Abdullah is contesting."Both internal and external forces are responsible for these attacks in Kashmir," Azad told reporters on the sidelines of a rally. "They don't want the democratic process of elections to go smoothly in the region. There are some political parties which are in league with these agencies."

Ferrari unveils 1068PS  track only ultimate FXX-KDec 06, 2014, 09.05 AM IST  | Source: Overdrive Magazine
Ferrari unveils 1068PS, track only ultimate FXX-K
Ferrari unveils 1068PS, track only ultimate FXX-K
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Ferrari unveils 1068PS, track only ultimate FXX-K
Ferrari unveils 1068PS, track only ultimate FXX-K
Post your opinion here
 
No, we aren't being rude, Ferrari has actually gone and named the track special version of the LaFerrari (another fun name there) the FXX-K. The naming pattern continues from the last gen Ferrari FXX that was based on the Enzo. The K that has been added refers to the KERS (Kinetic Energy Recovery System), or in simple words - the hybrid powertrain. Still, we're sure the folks at Ferrari had a good laugh when they came up with the name.    Like the previous FXX, the FXX-K will be a track only car that cannot be raced in any existing series... Read More
ADS BY GOOGLE

US condemns terrorist attacks in Jammu and KashmirDec 06, 2014 at 08:41am IST
US condemns terrorist attacks in Jammu and Kashmir
14
0
Washington: The US has strongly condemned the terrorist attacks in Kashmir ahead of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's poll rally, and said it remained firm on its "commitment" to work with India to defeat terrorism in all forms.
"The United States strongly condemns today's (Friday's) terrorist attacks in Kashmir, which claimed the lives of innocent civilians, military, and police personnel," a senior State Department official said.
Kashmir Valley was rocked by four terror attacks by militants from across the border who stormed an Army camp in Uri leaving 11 security personnel including a Lt Colonel dead and killed two civilians in Tral.
The State Department expressed its concern about any violence in Kashmir adding that its policies on it have not changed.
"The United States remains firmly committed to working in close partnership with India to defeat terrorism in all its forms," the State Department in a statement issued on Friday evening.
"Our hearts go out to the families of those affected by this deplorable attack," it said.
Earlier in the day, the State Department expressed its concern about any violence in Kashmir adding that its policies on it have not changed.
"We are concerned about any violence in Kashmir. Our policy on Kashmir hasn't changed. We still believe that the pace and the scope and character of India and Pakistan's dialogue on Kashmir is for those two countries to determine," State Department Deputy Spokesperson Marie Harf, told reporters.
"Our embassies in both places have raised these types of incidents with their respective host governments and certainly encouraged both to continue working together on the issue," she said.
The attacks and gun battles with security forces which in all left 21 people dead also included a top commander of Pakistan-based terror outfit LeT and seven militants. Srinagar and Shopian were the other two places where the militants struck.
Modi, who will be holding a rally in Srinagar city on Monday, condemned the terror attacks as "desperate attempts" to derail the atmosphere of hope created by the increased voter turnout and saluted the soldiers who laid down their lives for the nation.
Uri, Srinagar, Tral and Shopian goes to polls in Jammu and Kashmir state elections, in the third and fourth phase over the next 10 days.
6

Terrorists target 4 towns in J&K  Army Chief to visit Srinagar on SaturdayDec 06, 2014 at  09:38am IST
Army Chief to visit Srinagar today after terrorists targeted 4 J&K towns claiming 21 lives
6
0
New Delhi: A day after terrorists targeted 4 towns in Jammu and Kashmir, Army Chief General Dalbir Singh Suhag will visit Srinagar on Saturday to take stock of the security situation in the state that was hit by terror attacks on Friday, claiming lives of 11 security personnel including a Lieutenant Colonel.
This would be his third visit to the terror-hit state in less than two weeks. Army officials remained tight-lipped about his schedule but sources indicated that he will leave for the state on Saturday morning.
His visit comes a day after the attacks and gun battles with security forces in Kashmir valley left 21 people dead, including a top commander of Pakistan-based terror outfit LeT and seven terrorists.
This would be Suhag's third visit to militancy-hit state in less than two weeks.
#jammu and kashmir #terror attack #dalbir singh suhag #terrorists
He will be briefed by the Army top brass in the Northern Command about Friday's situation as well as security scenario in the state that is in the midst of Assembly elections.
Jammu and Kashmir witnessed a bloody and black Friday with terrorists stepping up attacks across the valley, just four days before polling is scheduled to be held for the third phase in the five-phased Legislative Assembly elections in 16 constituencies of Jammu and Kashmir, where a very high voter turnout was witnessed in the first two phases.
Eight Army personnel, including Lt Colonel Sankalp Kumar, three policemen and eight terrorists were among 21 persons killed in four attacks in Uri, Srinagar, Shopian and Tral despite the presence of large number of Army units, paramilitary forces and state police, who are on high alert.
Eight Army personnel, three policemen and six foreign terrorists were killed in an encounter which ensued after a heavily armed "fidayeen" squad stormed into an Army fortification at Mohura in Uri in north Kashmir district of Baramulla, which is going to polls on December 9. Eight Army men, Lt Col Sankalp Kumar, Hav Subhash Chand and L/Nk Gurmail Singh of 24 Punjab, while Nk Panna Lal, GNR Manpreet Singh, DMT Kuldeep Kumar, GNR Satnam Singh and L/Nk Sukhwinder Singh of 31 Field Regiment lost their lives in the gun battle.
4

Dense fog disrupts rail  air traffic in LucknowDense fog disrupts rail  air traffic in Lucknow
A leading chinese steel industry body predicts a modest increase in st...Gold Member
2 Followers
A leading Chinese steel industry body predicts a modest increase in steel demand for 2015 as economic growth slows down in China. The institute also predicts China will import 1 billion tonnes of iron ore next year, an increase of 6.4 per cent from 2014.
9.58 AM Dec 6th

Masoodbhai  i have also similar view on vardhman textile and in the pa...Gold Member
51 Followers
As always, the big brokerage firms are taking a common investor for ride. Few days back, I was watching on TV one of the international firms starting coverage on HCL Tech and giving a underperform rating with a target of 1250. At the same time another international brokerage firm came up with an outperform rating with a price target of 2050.
Ab aap batayein ke common investor kya karey.
Why don`t our TV channels consider it as their responsibility not to telecast contradictory reports? How can they run away from responsibility?
How can India even think of a major force in the world to be reckoned with when its common man is taken for ride every day by someone or another?
We wish to be like US and Western counterparts, but we don`t want to love our citizens as those nations do.
Mai ne bachpan mei Hindi subject mei ek kahani parhi thi jis mei ek monkey ek aadmi ki naqal karta hai aur shave banatay huey uska face kat jata hai buri tarah. Aur us kahani ka saar ye tha: "NAQAL MEI BHI AQAL CHAHIYE".
I fear this `mother of all bull markets` also doesn`t ends up making more people poorer as compared to people who would become richer by their investments, whenever it ends. History is there for all of us to learn from.
Regards.
In reply to : cindrella2004 message
9.43 AM Dec 6th

Some biggies are making market to exit  probably a joint effort by som...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Please don`t speculate nonsense. this company and the retail industry ...Silver Member
4 Followers
please don`t speculate nonsense. this company and the retail industry in general needs large funds. there is no surplus general reserve to give bonus. the company is run by professionals. the board is also more wise and smart than many a top Tata companies. merely bloating the equity capital by issuing bonus shares is not going to add any value either to the shareholders or the company. if  at all, a rights issue or QIP of equity makes more sense. there is nothing now that suggests that a rights issue is in the offing.
In reply to : raj55eev message
9.55 AM Dec 6th

Karbonn Titanium S10 review: Take your callThe Karbonn S10 gets it right where it matters: a decent screen, decent battery life, and a sturdy build.
New Delhi |
Posted: December 3, 2014 7:02 pm
When you need to buy a phone quickly, whether as a gift or because you lost yours, you can’t rely on online stores. You need a brand that you can pick up in most stores, and reputable enough to be assured of after-sales support. The Karbonn Titanium S10 ticks the right boxes here. But how is the phone itself?
Specs: 5-inch touchscreen (1280×720 pixels) | 1.3GHz quad core processor | 1GB RAM | 4GB internal memory, microSD up to 32GB | 3G, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, GPS | 8MP rear camera, 2MP front camera | 1850mAh battery | Android 4.4 KitKat OS
Price: Rs 7,990
Design
The S10 looks and feels like just another phone. And that’s not necessarily a bad thing. While there is nothing remarkable about it, the things worth noting are what the Karbonn S10 is not. It doesn’t feel flimsy, it’s not too heavy, and it’s not awkward to use. In a budget phone, anything else is a bonus.
Screen
The 5-inch screen has good colours and decent viewing angles. The high-definition resolution helps keep images sharp. For the first few days, the touch response takes some getting used to—it’s not as sensitive as, say, the Moto E or the Xiaomi Redmi 1S. But once you’re accustomed to it, it’s just like any other screen. The one thing missing is scratch-resistant glass, so you will need to put a scratch guard on it. With that on, the screen is not legible in direct sunlight, even on full brightness.
Performance
Yes, the Karbonn S10 lags while multi-tasking for power users; yes, you won’t be able to play high-def games smoothly; yes, it gets slow and you need to close apps. But if you’re not a power user, the S10 does everything that an average user would want, and with ease.
Memory
The limited internal memory is this phone’s biggest problem. Load up a few apps and you’ll start getting an error message about the lack of space. Sure, you can use a microSD card, but not all apps can be moved there, so it’ll soon be a bottleneck.
Camera
If photography is the reason you’re buying a phone, look elsewhere. If you only take photos once in a while, the Karbonn S10 gets the job done. However, note that the front camera is particularly bad so you don’t want to rely on it for selfies.
Battery
On average, the S10 lasts for about 13 hours of regular usage, which is good enough for most people, but again, it’s too little for power users.
Special Mention
The music performance on the Karbonn S10 is atrocious. Songs sound flat, it doesn’t reproduce the right notes, and not all headphones work well with the phone. If you listen to music a lot, avoid this phone.
Verdict
Overall, while it has several negatives, the Karbonn S10 gets it right where it matters: a decent screen, decent battery life, and a sturdy build. Depending on how fussy you are about performance, camera or music, take your call on whether to buy this or not. The Xiaomi Redmi 1S still remains our preferred choice in this price range, but that’s not an easy phone to buy, so go with the S10 as a backup.

Bigg Boss: Diandra-Gautam s romantic moments!Photo uploaded by Nidhi Dogra
on Dec 01, 2014 , 01:05 pm
1766 Views  |  2  Comments  |  
Report Abuse
Gautam Gulati and Diandra Soares are undoubtedly the lovebirds and most romantic pair on Bigg Boss season 8.  Image Courtesy: Procured via Google Search
Gautam Gulati and Diandra Soares are undoubtedly the lovebirds and most romantic pair on Bigg Boss season 8.  Image Courtesy: Procured via Google Search

Yesteryear actress Nadira s TRAGIC lifePhoto uploaded by Samira Kapoor
on Dec 04, 2014 , 05:15 pm
1443 Views  |  1  Comment  |  
Report Abuse
Who doesn't remember this face form Shree 420, where this beautiful woman called Nadira played the role of a rich socialite. Image courtesy: Procured via google search
Who doesn't remember this face form Shree 420, where this beautiful woman called Nadira played the role of a rich socialite. Image courtesy: Procured via google search

Placements start on a high note at new IITs  60% at IIT Mandi placed alreadyPlacements start on a high note at new IITs
By Sreeradha D Basu & Devina Sengupta, ET Bureau | 5 Dec, 2014, 04.13AM IST
In the first week of placements, 60% of the 120-strong batch at IIT Mandi had already been placed across 16 companies.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: They may be unable to boast of crore-plus packages like their more established brethren, but newer IITs have got off on a strong note this placement season. Those in this group, like IIT Ropar, IIT Gandhinagar , IIT Bhubaneswar and IIT Mandi, confirm that hiring season will surpass previous years.
In the first week of placements , 60% of the 120-strong batch at IIT Mandi had already been placed across 16 companies.
IIT Mandi was started in 2009. And at IIT Gandhinagar, which was established in 2008, 15 firms picked up 50% of their undergraduates.
Mahindra & Mahindra, Flipkart , Cognizant and Microsoft are some of the companies that have hired from the new IITs this year.
"Salaries are better this year, firms from power and e-commerce sectors are still to come and despite not having branches in core and computer science, we will get more companies than the 45 last year," says a placement team member at IIT Gandhinagar. The institute has to place 127 students.
Hiring season for the most of the newer IITs starts in end-October — earlier than their older counterparts. After a week of placements, they typically begin a rolling process. This gives them a headstart and time to bring in additional firms during the course.
To give their 108 students more options, IIT Ropar approached several new companies well in advance. It is running a parallel recruitment process of two companies on the same day, a strategy the older institutes adopt.
At IIT Mandi, the highest salary offered by an IT firm was Rs 27 lakh as compared to Rs 23-24 lakh last year. Amazon offered Rs 29 lakh to students of IIT Ropar and they got seven pre-placement offers (PPOs) as compared to two last year. The average salary so far is Rs 11 lakh.
"Average packages have gone up by 15-20% this year. The number of PPOs have doubled from last year," said Arti Kashyap faculty advisor, IIT Mandi. "This year, the response from core companies for mechanical and electrical engineering students is much better. Average packages in this sector are between Rs 7 lakh and Rs 12 lakh," adds Kashyap.
The feel-good sentiment has made IIT Bhubaneswar experiment with placement timings. They started their recruitment season on December 1, like their more established counterparts, and in the past two days, Flipkart, Cognizant, Tata Motors and United Health Group have hired 25 students from a batch of 145. "The new schedule has given us time to get more firms and complete our hiring at one stretch," says a placement team official at the institute.

IIT graduates prefer new-age jobs to core engineering onesOla cabs, a start-up that IIT-Bombay students have set up, hired largest numbers of students — around 50 — from IIT-Bombay. It hired 30 from IIT-Madras. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: Civil, mechanical and electrical engineering graduates of the IITs have continued to go for new-age jobs in finance, consultancy and software despite efforts to promote core engineering (manufacturing) jobs. At the end of the third day of the 2014-2015 placement season, software major Oracle's offer of Rs 2.03 crore to an IIT (BHU) student on Monday exemplified the trend. Microsoft had offered the highest package, Rs 65 lakh, last year. The jump, thus, is 35% in the highest-segment salary.
Only around one fourth of IIT-Bombay students had offers from engineering and technology firms by the end of the third day. Just 116 were from core engineering profiles of 430 offers made at IIT-Bombay till 2am on Thursday. The rest were from consulting (96), finance (75), IT/software (112), analytics (54), research & development (55), sales & marketing and others.
One-third of 1,067 students placed through campus process got into engineering and technology firms last year. Start-ups and e-commerce firms hired a large numbers of students this year. At IIT-Kharagpur , only 55 students got offers from IT and core sectors, as opposed to consulting (60) and finance (70). New-age firms on the contrary hired in large numbers from across campuses. E-commerce firm Flipkart hired 16 students from IIT-Bombay and 19 from IIT-Madras. It made highest — 26 — offers at IIT Kharagpur and 20 at IIT-Kanpur.
Ola cabs, a start-up that IIT-Bombay students have set up, hired largest numbers of students — around 50 — from IIT-Bombay. It hired 30 from IIT-Madras.
EXL services were the best hirer at IIT-Kanpur with offers to 38 students and a salary of Rs 55 lakh.
"Core engineering firms will take time to pick up in campuses across IITs. Even as the emphasis is on the core firms, these companies usually take a lot of time in the decision-making process," said Mohak Mehta, a placement coordinator at IIT-Bombay. "On the contrary, with the government opening up investment options, the start-ups are the ones that are benefitting."
Mehta said foreign investors were keen on investing in ready ideas. "This has resulted in an increase in job offers from the start-ups this year."
Meanwhile, two IIT-Kanpur students have turned down eight-figure salaries to pursue higher studies while two have settled for lesser packages for professional suitability. IIT-Kanpur placement cell chairman Deepu Philip refused to name the four, but added a multi-national company had made the offers on Wednesday.
(Inputs: Somdatta Basu, Abhinav Malhotra, Shreya Roy Chowdhury)

As a CEO you need to be thick-skinned  says McKinsey s Dominic BartonGiving people varied experiences is McKinsey's secret sauce for creating leaders, says Global MD Dominic Barton.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
Of the 52 weeks in a year, McKinsey and Company Global Managing Director Dominic Barton globe trots for 42 weeks. In the past five years, he has helmed McKinsey through a crushing slowdown, a shakeout in consulting and the Rajat Gupta scandal .
In a freewheeling chat with Corporate Dossier, Barton talks about how McKinsey works on its leadership factory and what keeps him going. Edited Excerpts:
How does a leader prepare his/her organisation for the Volatile, Uncertain, Complex and Ambiguous (VUCA) world?
De-layering is one of the biggest trends right now. How do I de-layer and reduce? How do I simplify and flatten? Because a flatter organization moves faster and we need more speed but that is hard if you have 18 levels. The other element is how you give more responsibility and accountability in a decentralised way.
Apple is a classic example. If you ask Tim Cook how he runs his company, he does not look at boxes and lines and say I report to you and you report to me. Who he interacts with varies on a three to six month basis based on the products or important projects that Apple will be launching. Most companies run on a very old model.
One of things McKinsey does really well is create global managers and global leaders. What works for McKinsey?
We look at some metrics to assess how we are doing on that front. One measure I look at is our offer acceptance rates, how many people we make an offer to join us. The other one is how many people that leave us, go on to lead big organizations.
Right now, the number of McKinsey people running companies is 354, and these are figures for people who are running billion dollar plus companies. You can add up the next ten companies that lead in creating industry leaders including GE and others, they don't reach our number.
Another important factor is giving people multiple experiences in a very condensed period. For four months you develope a marketing program for a company, then the next four months you rip costs out of an organisation, the next four months you do international growth strategy, the next one is you de-layer a company. So the variety of experiences you get in a very intense period helps leaders grow.
For McKinsey, the concept of mentorship is very important. I have known KV Kamath since 1999 and I have learnt a lot from him. I have learnt more from him than I certainly have ever told him...just the way he thinks, what he does. When you are going to school from day one with CEOs, you have to be an idiot not to learn something.
You run a global company that is sure to have some crisis somewhere. How do you manage to keep inner calm when so much action is taking place?
First, you have to know yourself. It sounds like an obvious thing but you have to know when it is good for you to make decisions and when it is not. For me, I have to make sure that I am not exhausted. If I am exhausted, I will make bad decisions. You have to be disciplined about your energy and your time. So, one thing I do is I run. I run every other day. Marine Drive is one of my favourite runs. It is like meditation.
As a CEO , you just have to start getting a thick skin. When I wake up in the morning, I know that there two crises have occurred somewhere; someone has done something stupid or some crazy thing. I know now that life will go on. So first of all, I do not worry about that.
The other part is to compartmentalise, which means do not get distracted, because sometimes there are big things going on and that can just make you obsessed. Learn how to take an issue and just put it on the shelf for a bit. You may be processing it but don't let it i distract you.
What kind of new thinking can we expect from McKinsey Leadership Institute?
We used to focus a lot on what leaders do, how you align an organisation, where you spend your time, how to select people but there is much more focus now on who leaders are. How do you handle stress? How do you stay calm in the eye of a hurricane? How do you have a long view and a short view at the same time? How do you pick yourself back up when you fail? You cannot analyze your way out of that.
There are interesting things on family owned businesses that the Leadership Institute is doing as well, which I think is very relevant for India. How do you make the transition from a founder-promoter to the next generation? How do you institutionalise a very fast growing company that does not have a systematic culture?
For leaders, how important is to have a socialist side for strategy?
Capitalism, especially in the West, has become more short term, more narrow. If we do not change, it is going to get disrupted. Adam Smith said, it is the duty of the entrepreneur to take care of the society in which they operate. If you do not have trust within the community you are operating, you will not be able to make money and I think that is a big push for business people, including myself.

India has potential to emerge as a reinsurance hub in Asia: ExpertsIndia has potential to emerge as reinsurance hub: Experts
By PTI | 5 Dec, 2014, 01.14AM IST
0
Share More
A hike in FDI cap in insurance sector to 49 per cent from the current 26 per cent can help India emerge as a reinsurance hub in Asia, say industry experts
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: A hike in FDI cap in insurance sector to 49 per cent from the current 26 per cent can help India emerge as a reinsurance hub in Asia, say industry experts.
A Parliamentary Committee, examining the Bill on raising the FDI cap in insurance sector to 49 per cent, will be presenting its report on December 8.
India could become an insurance hub if the government proposal on FDI hike in the key sector comes through and it comes out with right regulation and infrastructure, they said.
"In economic terms, India is at a turning point in its history, experiencing a renaissance politically, commercially, culturally. While GDP globally is flat, the IMF recently has revised India's forecasts upwards to 5.6 per cent," Lloyd's Chairman John Nelson has said.
He was speaking at the first-ever Indian International Insurance Summit at London organised recently by Asia Insurance Post and Indian Merchants' Chambers.
"Most importantly, the new government has already demonstrated that it is open to economic reform to encourage business to become outward looking and to modernise itself," he said.
Significant Indian risks include earthquake, drought, storm and flood, and this year we have recently witnessed devastating flood events in Kashmir and Jammu, followed by severe losses from Cyclones Hudhud and Nilofer, Nelson said.
"Putting this in numerical terms, our research shows a 1 per cent rise in insurance penetration translates into a 13 per cent reduction in uninsured losses - a 22 per cent reduction in the taxpayer contribution following a disaster - and increased investment equivalent of 2 per cent of national GDP. "We see examples of this virtuous circle played out in many economies," he explained.
At present, non-life insurance penetration in India is under 1 per cent of GDP (0.8 per cent).
GIC Re General Manager Alice Vaidyan said India has potential to emerge as a regional insurance hub. "The Indian markets have been the top performers in Asia Pacific region."
"India could benefit from the expertise of the London insurance industry," New India Assurance Director and General Manager Sanath Kumar said at the summit.
Swiss Re Global Partnerships Chairman Martyn Parker said the Indian Government should allow opening of local branches of international re-insurers.

Here s how ITC s social outreach programme worksSave precious time tracking your investments
It is rare to find the top boss of a large enterprise being intimately involved with its sustainability initiatives. That's precisely where ITC chairman YC Deveshwar differs from several other bosses of India Inc. He is not just hands on with the conglomerate's social projects but personally champions many of them.
Little wonder that the consumer goodscigarette-hospitality firm's social investments have won plenty of accolades. The company has been able to generate sustainable livelihood opportunities for around 6 million people through its CSR initiatives. ITC has also achieved the unique global distinction of being carbon positive for nine successive years, water positive for 12 consecutive years and solid waste recycling positive for the last seven years.
The biggest reason for ITC's CSR success is the way almost all the major sustainability initiatives have been wedded to the company's core business, either providing an input source for a business or backward integration. As a result, divisional chief executives and their teams lead each of the initiatives, making them something more than just another CSR programme.
For instance, the famed e-Choupal initiative led by the agri-business division is a major sourcing base for the company's packaged food and FMCG business, while its social forestry programme supports the paper and paperboard business. ITC has, in the last few years, undertaken massive animal husbandry initiatives covering ten lakh milch animals which will form the base for the proposed foray into the dairy business early next year.
There's more to ITC's CSR initiatives than these backward linkages. In the last few years, the company has spent considerable money on developing renewable energy infrastructure. And now, renewable energy meets almost 38% of ITC's total energy requirements which is indeed remarkable considering the huge manufacturing base and hotels. The target is to increase this to 50% over the next five years. All the premium luxury hotels are certified green buildings making ITC the greenest luxury hotel chain in the world.
While addressing the company's annual general meeting in July, Deveshwar had said ITC's FMCG brands have anchored the development of competitive value chains benefitting some of the poorest regions of the country. "In conjunction with the company's social investment programme for integrated rural development, these brands have enabled the empowerment of millions of disadvantaged in India's villages by generating sustainable livelihoods," he said.
ITC Chairman YC Deveshwar chats with farmers.
The non-cigarette FMCG brands currently have an annual cumulative turnover of over 10,000 crore and it is Deveshwar's belief that this integrated rural approach will play a vital role in making ITC the country's largest non-cigarette FMCG firm.

CSR shouldn t be used as a tool to sell more: Coca-Cola India PresidentVenkatesh Kini visits a girls school supported by Coca-Cola. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
Until last year, K Geetha Rani's sprawling 30-acre mango orchard in Andhra Pradesh's Chittoor district largely wore a deserted look. As a mango farmer, she could cultivate only six acres as water was scarce. "I heard there was a new technique of mango farming and visited a model farm created by Project Unnati to see it," she says.
Project Unnati is a collaborative effort of Coca-Cola with Jain Irrigation to build a sustainable supply chain for Coke's mango beverage, Maaza. The program offers financial support and imparts training on Ultra High Density Plantation, a modern farming technique.
Rani eventually took training on drip irrigation and learnt about rainwater harvesting from the Project Unnati team, and is now expecting to double the number of mangoes produced per acre. "Earlier, I used to use fertilisers very randomly but now I use my drip to give the right fertilisers... with their support, we planted 6 acres under Project Unnati and after learning and seeing the results, we were so confident that we planted 9 acres on our own," she elaborates.
Cut to the 25-year-old Vivek Singhla from a town near Gurgaon. Despite a hearing impairment, Singhla pursued a course in welding from an ITI in the hope of finding employment but was unsuccessful. Subsequently, he got to know about the VEER campaign and enrolled in its program, which taught him packaging apart from spoken English, financial literacy, personality development and life skills.
The 'Thums Up-Being Human VEER' campaign shares its core philosophy with Coke's Thums Up which has a tagline: Toofan sabke andar hota hai, sirf dhakkan hatane ki der hai (Everyone has potential, we just need to unleash it). "Through this campaign, we want to give the differently-abled people across India a voice and an opportunity to fulfill their own ambition to the best of their ability," says Venkatesh Kini , President, Coca-Cola India. As for Singhla, he's thrilled to bits about his first job as an associate in Henkel's packaging department
Many of the causes Coca-Cola picks up in India as part of its corporate social responsibility have a backward linkage to a slew of its brands. "CSR should not be used as a tool to sell more to people," says Kini , who believes that because a brand stands for certain values it has a philosophy about its role in the lives of people. The activities of the brand strengthen the perception in consumer's mind. "That is a more sustainable, long-term way of integrating CSR into a brand."

Infosys plans to spend Rs 50-60 crore on midday meals & educationSave precious time tracking your investments
Infosys' commitment to giving back can be gauged by the fact that the company became one of the first in the country to abide by the new stricture of spending 2% of their average net profit on Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) activities. On July 11 this year, Infosys donated Rs 240 crore this fiscal to its philanthropic arm, Infosys Foundation. Set up in 1996, the non-profit trust works across sectors, including healthcare, education, culture, destitute care and rural development.
"Of course, my thinking was influenced from the years I worked at the Tata Group . They are my heroes," says Sudha Murthy , chairperson of Infosys Foundation, and wife of Infosys co-founder N R Narayana Murthy. "Years back, my 16-year old daughter Akshata, who was a scribe for a blind student, asked me if I could sponsor the student who wanted to study at St Stephens in Delhi. I asked her that since she is so interested why she herself doesn't sponsor him. She then told me something which made me think. She said: Amma, what good is our life if we cannot really help others"
This chat with her daughter led Sudha to discuss the idea of setting up a philanthropic arm with her husband. By then, Narayana Murthy who was already considering setting up a foundation, asked his wife to head it. In the last 17 years, Infosys has donated Rs 20-25 cr every year to the foundation. In these years, Infosys Foundation has spent 20-25% of this amount on mid-day meal programmes for students in government schools, another 20% each in helping build schools and in healthcare, and the remaining on promoting fine arts and culture.
"With us getting Rs 240 cr, we have decided to spend Rs 50-60 crore on mid-day meals, and another Rs 50 crore on education," says Murthy. In April this year, as required by New Companies Act, Infosys constituted a four-member panel, including independent directors KV Kamath, Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw and R Seshasayee and the then CEO SD Shibulal to oversee all CSR activities done through the Infosys Foundation.
"Our focus remains on mid-day meals and education. We realised that if you provide children with healthy, nutritious food, then there is a drastic fall in drop outs. We see more children come to school," says 64-year old Murthy, who travels over 200 days in a year, to oversee the work undertaken by the foundation.
The foundation works across 30 districts in Karnataka where in addition to helping provide schools with computers it has also helped build 60,000 school libraries. It also works in some districts in Odisha, Andhra Pradesh , Tamil Nadu and Maharashtra. Recently, the Foundation expanded its presence to North India, by starting with Rajasthan where it provides mid-day meals and clean drinking water.
"I want to work now in the North because until now, we had little money to work there. In fact, for the first time, I'm going to the North-East, where Infosys (Foundation) does not even have a presence," says Murthy.
Murthy says that aim of her foundation's work is not to help build Brand Infosys. "On the contrary, the villages where we work, people have not even heard of Infosys. They all think of me as a teacher." The foundation, in the past, has also taken up relief work at various calamity-affected areas of Tamil Nadu, Odisha and Andhra Pradesh. Murthy says that the foundation may not get "mileage" because of the remote areas where it works in, but that's not what it aspires for, anyhow.

4 IIT-Kanpur students turn down Rs 1 crore offersB. Tech
(It is not everyday that a…)
KANPUR: Considerations of professional fulfilment and a desire to pursue higher studies have trumped offers of eight-figure salaries during placements at IITKanpur as four students chose to turn down jobs which would have paid them more than Rs 1 crore yearly.
It is not everyday that a job-seeker turns down a Rs 1 crore offer and the decision by four of them -- three boys and a girl student -- at the premier technological institute here is sure to create a flutter, especially when two of them are said to have settled for lower salaries in order to work in profiles which they found to be more suitable for themselves.
According to the chairman of the IIT-Kanpur Placement Cell, Prof Deepu Philip, the remaining two male students have opted for higher studies over signing up to join any company.
Philip, who refused to divulge the names of the four students, said that the offers were made yesterday by a multinational company during placement interviews on their campus.
"The offer to these four students was for a take home of $150,000, or close to Rs 93 lakh per annum. Along with other incentives and perks, the size of the package was more than Rs 1 crore yearly," Philip told PTI today.
"The girl student and one of the boys declined the offer saying it did not match their temperament and that they wanted professional fulfilment from their jobs. The two have accepted offers of Rs 50 lakh per annum from a smaller company.
"The remaining two students said they want to focus on higher studies and were, therefore, not keen on taking up the Rs 1 crore offer," added Philip.
In one of the fattest pay packages offered to an IITian ever in campus placements, a student of IIT Kharagpur was a few days back offered a whopping annual salary of over Rs 1.5 crore. IIT authorities have refused to disclose details about the student or the company which made the offer, saying "this brings unnecessary attention to the student".
IIT sources claimed that the 1.54 crore offer is the highest ever package received by the Kharagpur unit and among the largest ever in all IITs.
IIT Kanpur had kicked off its placement drive on Dec. 1 with around 1,290 students from B.Tech, B.Tech Dual and M.Tech courses registering for the same. The placement drive will continue till Dec. 24.
FEATURED ARTICLES

7 iPhone-only apps that will make Android users jealous7 iPhone-only apps to make Android users jealous
5 Dec, 2014
BusinessInsider.in
One of the best things about owning an iPhone is that you get a lot of the newest apps first before they arrive on Android.
It may not be fair, but it's a great perk for iPhone users. That means there's always something new to try.
You can enjoy exclusive apps from Instagram and Facebook, cutting-edge photography apps, your own digital butler, and even an app that will scan beer and wine bottles at the grocery store to help you find your favorite flavor.
You're bound to find something you'll like, but just remember not to brag too much to your Android friends.
Here are 7 iPhone-only free apps to make Android users jealous...

A lowdown on everything that Google knows about youHere's everything Google knows about you
4 Dec, 2014
BusinessInsider.in
If you rely on Google search, Maps, Gmail, YouTube, or any of Google's other zillion free products, the company stores a bunch of data about you.
Google is extremely open about what data it stores and makes it very easy to delete that data, but many people still don't realize exactly what's being stored, whether that information is given freely or deduced based on your searches.
A recent survey by the company Survata actually showed that the 2,500 respondents were more concerned about Google having access to their personal data than the NSA, their bosses, their parents, or their significant others.
In case you need the reminder...

Meghalaya on India s railway map over 60 yrs after freedomMeghalaya finally on India's railway map
5 Dec, 2014
Tweet
Economictimes.com
Meghalaya was recently added to the country's railway map with Prime Minister Narendra Modi flagging off a first passenger to the northeastern state.
We take a look at some interesting facts about this new railway line:
We compare the fully loaded diesel versions of each to find out!
 
Maruti has big hopes for the Ciaz, not just as a car but as a gateway into more premium future...
 
The Hyundai Grand i10 is good. No doubt. But, is it better than the popular and fun to drive M...
 

Quality standards likely for auto  food processing  gadgets  textileMake in India: Quality standards likely for auto, food processing, gadgets, textile products
By Deepshikha Sikarwar , ET Bureau | 5 Dec, 2014, 07.00AM IST
0
Share More
The idea is to specify quality standards for 10 products each in the 25 focus sectors under the Narendra Modi government’s ‘Make in India’ initiative, a senior government official said.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: The government plans to introduce quality standards for automobile, food processing, electrical machinery, garments and textiles products among others as part of a drive to make the country a manufacturing hub for quality products.
The idea is to specify quality standards for 10 products each in the 25 focus sectors under the Narendra Modi government's 'Make in India' initiative, a senior government official said.
"Appropriate standards are needed if the country has to emerge as a destination for quality manufacturing," the person said. Once the 250 products are identified based on the country's competitiveness, the Bureau of Indian Standards (BIS) will develop or update standards in line with prevalent international benchmarks, the official said.
Whether to make the standards mandatory or voluntary will be decided after detailed examination, the person said. Departments of consumer affairs and industrial policy and promotion have initiated discussions on the move based on the prime minister's call for 'zero defect and zero effect' manufacturing in the country to produce quality products without any adverse impact on the environment. In his Independence Day speech, Modi had said, "Don't compromise on two points — first zero defect and second zero effect.... Let's think about making our product which has 'zero defect' so that it does not come back (get rejected) from the world market and 'zero effect' so that the manufacturing does not have an adverse effect on our environment."
The department of industrial policy and promotion ( DIPP ) had subsequently launched the 'Make in India' campaign on September 25.
The official quoted earlier said the consumer affairs department will draw up a roadmap for development and implementation of the standards in consultation with the stakeholder ministries and departments, and technical committees under BIS will be formulated to work out the details."Timelines would be drawn up to ensure that work progresses in an effective manner," the person said. The Modi government has identified consumer protection as a focus area and is proposing to strengthen the regulatory regime. Far-reaching amendments to strengthen the Bureau of Indian Standards Act and overhaul Consumer Protection Act are on the agenda.

Sarika s biggest SECRETS & SCANDALS exposedPhoto uploaded by Monika Rawal
on Jun 02, 2012 , 10:00 pm
7429 Views  |  4  Comments  |  
Report Abuse
After staying together for many years, Sarika finally got separated from Kamal Haasan for good in 2004. Image Source: Procured via Google Search.
After staying together for many years, Sarika finally got separated from Kamal Haasan for good in 2004. Image Source: Procured via Google Search.

Sharp rise in bad loans  banks taking action: Arun JaitleyFinance minister Arun Jaitley says banks taking action to curb sharp rise in bad loans
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 5, 2014  | 15:44 IST
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley
Concerned over sharp rise in bad loans, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said on Friday that banks are taking a number of steps against willful defaulters to recover the loans .
It is normal for the banks to have 2-3 per cent of NPAs (Non-Performing Assets). But in the last 2-3 years the NPAs has been increased substantially and gone up to 6 per cent... Stress assets have also been increased, he said during the Question Hour.
Jaitley said actions against those who have failed to repay the loan amount have been initiated under various provisions of law - including under Indian Penal Code and and civil laws.
To a question on action taken against promoters of Kingfisher Airlines for having huge outstanding loans, he said banks are dealing with all defaulters as per law and actions have been taken that include declaring the promoters and directors as willful defaulters that barred them to obtain loan from any bank in future and auction mortgaged property.
Jaitley said there are people and companies who are under stress due to the economic slowdown in last 2-3 years and in such cases banks, allow the companies to restructure the loan repayment process to give them relief.
He, however, said, there are people and companies whose intention is not good and who do not want to repay the outstanding amount to banks. In such cases, the banks take proper action as per law.
The minister said the SEBI Act has been amended recently with tough provisions and steps are being taken against those companies which cheat people in the name of chit funds. Under the amended law, the state governments can take action against those who cheat people while collecting money in the name of chit fund. Police has full right to take action and many people are in jail for such crime, he said.

Judge who upheld unseating of Indira Gandhi dies at 100Former Supreme Court judge Krishna Iyer dies at 100
By ET Bureau | 5 Dec, 2014, 04.00AM IST
0
Share More
Iyer, as vacation judge of SC, upheld the Allahabad High Court verdict which found Indira Gandhi guilty on charge of misuse of govt machinery.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
KOCHI: Former Supreme Court judge who historically upheld the unseating of Indira Gandhi as prime minister and who was himself a minister in the world's first elected Communist government, Justice VR Krishna Iyer, died here at private hospital on Thursday afternoon. He lived a100 years. Justice Krishna Iyer was admitted to the hospital on November 24, ten days after Kochi celebrated his 100th birthday, due to loss of appetite, indigestion and respiratory tract infection.
The end came at 3.30 pm on Thursday following cardio-renal failure and pneumonia. Vaidyanathapura Rama Krishna Iyer was born at Shekhareepuram at Palakkad district on November 15, 1915. He started his career in law at Thalassery court where his father VV Rama Iyer was practicing.
He entered politics and was elected to the Madras assembly in 1952 and to Kerala assembly in 1957 and 1960. He was minister for law, irrigation, power, prison and social welfare in the EMS Namboodiripad government. He lost the election in 1965 from Thalassery and thereafter concentrated on his law career. He was the Supreme Court judge from 1973 to 1980.
On 24 June, 1975, Iyer, as vacation judge of the Supreme Court, upheld the Allahabad High Court verdict which found Indira Gandhi guilty on charge of misuse of government machinery for her election campaign. He ordered all privileges that Gandhi received as an MP be stopped, and that she be debarred from voting. However, she was allowed to continue as Prime Minister.
The next day, socialist leader Jaiprakash Narayan organised a mammoth rally in Delhi, where he called on police officers to reject orders of government, leading to the imposition of Emergency. Gandhi later won a stay against Iyer's order from a division bench. In later days, Iyer associated himself with varied causes: He spoke in favour of those who supported Leftwing extremism to Prime Minister Narendra Modi .
He was also known for claiming that he conversed with the spirit of his dead wife. His changing stance gained him the label of a 'turncoat' but his mind was active and alert and he reacted to every retrograde development in society. His comments on the legal system, constitutional issues, development and governance were valued and given due consideration. Justice Iyer would be remembered for his all round contribution to the society as a minister, writer, jurist and constitutional expert.
Justice K Narayana Kurup of Kerala High Court said that Iyer's contribution was "multi dimensional". He has made immense contribution to social justice, law, human rights , prison reforms, legal aid etc, he said. Kurup said that Iyer made Section 133 of CRPC into a veritable weapon while dealing with the lapses of the administration.
In the famous Ratlam Municipality case, he commented on the lapses of the municipality on cleanliness and public hygiene. He said it was the duty of the municipality to address these public nuisances and thus brought environmental issues to the focus of the judiciary. Advocate Ramkumar, who "appeared along with him, against him and before him" opined that Justice Krishna Iyer was the "face of humanism among judges".
Ramkumar said that Krishna Iyer democratised judicial institutions. "He reminded fellow judges that judiciary should be as much democratic as the other two pillars of the Constitution", Ramkumar said. Iyer took astand against capital punishment through his various judgments. Iyer has penned nearly 70 books and has been honoured with Padmavibushan. He is survived by two sons Ramesh Krishnan and Paramesh Krishnan. His wife Sarada died in 1974.

Defence stocks surge upto 10% after DIPP moveDefence stocks rally upto 10% as DIPP clears industrial licences
By ECONOMICTIMES.COM | 5 Dec, 2014, 03.34PM IST
Bharat Electronics was at Rs 3,056.15, up 4.32 per cent, on the BSE. It hit 52-week high of Rs 3,140 and a low of Rs 2,900 in trade today.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: Shares of defence related companies are up for second straight session after the Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP) licensing committee cleared several industrial license proposals stuck since 2012.
According to reports, of the 34 licences considered by DIPP, seven came from Pipavav Defence; two were from Punj Lloyd Aviation and one proposal each by Tata Motors and Piramal Systems and Technologies.
It has also recommended licenses for 10 defence and explosives manufacturing firms. These include Bharti Shipyard, Aveo Helitronics, Spectrum Infotech, Dusoft Fabrication, Premier Explosives and Shiva Explosives India.
Defence stocks have been rallying for the past few sessions on the back of positive newsflow. The government recently notified FDI limit in the sector to 49 per cent from 26 per cent.
The government also revoked ban on foreign institutional investors' (FIIs) in the sector. The RBI has issued a notification allowing FIIs to invest up to 24 per cent of the equity capital of the defence companies.
At 02:50 p.m.; Pipavav Defence was locked at 10 per cent upper circuit at Rs 41.85 on the BSE. There were 5,23,502 pending buy orders and no sellers in the stock.
Premier Explosives was at Rs 282.55, up 5.21 per cent, on the BSE. It hit 52-week high of Rs 295 and intraday low of Rs 257 in trade today.
Dynamatic Technologies was at Rs 2384, up 6.86 per cent, on the BSE. It touched intraday high of Rs 2,445.95 and intraday low of Rs 2,230 in trade today.
Bharat Electronics was at Rs 3,056.15, up 4.32 per cent, on the BSE. It hit 52-week high of Rs 3,140 and a low of Rs 2,900 in trade today.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

India contests UN report on climate financingBiz leaders in manufacturing sector optimistic about next  year: Survey
India today contested a landmark UN report that said a whopping USD 650 billion was spent for projects aimed at adaptation and emissions reduction between 2011-2012.
The report was presented at the UN Climate Convention Summit here yesterday by the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change’s (UNFCCC) Standing Committee on Finance.
“Finance for climate action flowing globally stood at USD 650 billion annually in 2011-2012, and possibly higher,” the report said.
Annual public and private flows from developed to developing countries ranged from USD 40 billion to USD 175 billion, it said.
Reacting to the UNFCCC report, India said the figure actually ranges from USD 340 billion to USD 650 billion, given gaps in data.
Rajashree Ray, Additional Economic Adviser, Ministry of Finance, told PTI here that the figure includes “all flows from all countries”.
The range includes projects between developed countries, which would not benefit developing countries who are in need of the funds.
Ray said that even though the annual flow of funds between developed to developing countries ranged from USD 40 billion to USD 175 billion, it is misleading because “there is no agreed operational definition on climate finance multilaterally” and thus what kind of project funds can be counted in that range is up for debate.
She explained that “in many cases here, the climate is a co-benefit and entire investment is counted as climate finance”.
Thus, development and aid projects are being double-counted as climate finance by certain developed countries or the climate financing is not a separate entity, but a subset of the country’s development budget.
Both of these descriptions fall outside of the UNFCCC and Green Climate Fund goals of having new and transformational funds available to India and other developing countries for climate-related projects.
The UN also states that “assessing investments in adaptation is particularly difficult often because they can form part of a larger project” but this is critical to the understanding of climate finance by developing countries and their formulation of their intentionally determined national contributions (INDCs).
If there is no clear definition of what climate financing entails, developing countries may not be able to accurately gauge what climate-related projects and mechanisms they are able to undertake and include in their INDCs.
These domestic plans will form part of a comprehensive and fair 2015 Paris agreement.
Yesterday, India told rich nations that they cannot be absolved of their past “sins”, and demanded that they should compensate developing nations for the effects their greenhouse gas emissions have had on climate.
India said it is “not equitable to talk about what a country is emitting now” because that country could be currently reducing their emissions.
“This fact does not absolve them (rich nations) of all (past) sins,” Additional Secretary in the Ministry of Environment, Susheel Kumar, who is the interim head of the Indian delegation, said.
He said India believes that developed countries should be held responsible for their high levels of emissions which have caused harm to developing countries, like itself. That responsibility should come in the form of compensation and a fair 2015 Paris agreement.
Kumar said India’s goal on adaptation during the 12-day UN climate change summit talks is for it “to be there in the entire text”.
“We would also like a long-term global goal for adaptation to be clearly articulated in qualitative and quantitative terms.” Kumar said, adding that “for a developing country, adaptation becomes a more immediate need (than mitigation).”
TAGS: UN Climate Convention Summit UNFCCC
More from economy
Tamil Nadu govt floats tenders for 11 lakh laptops The Tamil Nadu government has floated tenders for issuing about 11 lakh computers to students under the free laptop...

SpiceJet cracks 14% as financial woes growSpiceJet nosedives over 14% as financial troubles grow; Jhunjhunwala keeps faith, FIIs exit
By ECONOMICTIMES.COM | 5 Dec, 2014, 03.28PM IST
0
Share More
The stock nosedived in trade to hit its intraday low of Rs 15.90. It recouped some of the losses but was still trading 11.8 per cent lower at Rs 16.30 in trade today. 
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: SpiceJet Ltd slipped as much as 14.05 per cent in trade on Friday, after Airports Authority of India (AAI) decided to withdraw credit facility relating to user fee to already financially-troubled SpiceJet at all airports from Thursday midnight.
The stock nosedived in trade to hit its intraday low of Rs 15.90. It recouped some of the losses but was still trading 11.8 per cent lower at Rs 16.30 in trade today.
The airliner has also cut the size of its fleet to 22-24 Boeing planes from 35 in September and will maintain that for 'the near and medium term', its chief operating officer told Reuters, as the loss-making budget carrier looks to cut costs.
The airline, which has lost money for five consecutive quarters, had intended to reduce the size of its fleet for a short time and then start expanding again early next year, but has decided that it must stay smaller for longer, Sanjiv Kapoor said.
Even though crude prices have fallen sharply, which constitutes over 40 per cent of operating cost of most airliners, SpiceJet has been touching lower levels largely on account of balance sheet stress.
Despite financial hurdles, ace investor Rakesh Jhunjhunwala picked up 75 lakh shares of SpiceJet for more than Rs 13 crore through open market route earlier in the month of December for an average price of Rs 17.88 apiece.
However, today's stock movement pushes the stock below the average buying price of Rakesh Jhunjhunwala 1.4 per cent stake.
A look at shareholding patter suggests that FIIs have been paring stake in the airlines for the past two quarters, as per BSE India exchange data. They brought down their stake from 0.95 per cent in the March quarter to 0.82 per cent in the September quarter.
The fall in crude prices is a big positive, but that's not helping Indian airliners much, which are burdened with high financial stress or high debt on the balance sheet. Besides, rising competitions and falling margins are some of the factors which are weighing on the stock.
"Fuel costs approximately 45% to 55% of the revenue of domestic players. A 4% reduction in the fuel cost may potentially add around 2% to the operating margin," says Deep Narayan Mukherjee, Senior Director - Corporates at India Ratings.
"However, given the competitive intensity among existing players, with new players coming in or expanding their scope, it is possible that another wave of price war starts, in which case airlines' balance sheet will continue to bleed unabated," he adds.
There are two reasons for low investor interest in India's aviation companies. First, their negative net worth implies that the liability of the company is higher than its assets.
"At the end of FY14, Jet has a negative net worth of Rs 4,288 crore while SpiceJet has a negative net worth of Rs 2,028 crore at the end of September 2014 quarter," ET reported. High debt on their balance sheet is another worry.
"Jet, for instance has a debt of Rs 8,615 crore at the end of FY14 while SpiceJet's debt at the end of September quarter stood at Rs 1,486 crore. Given this, investors are shying away from these stocks," added the ET report.
Analysts too are not very gung-ho on the sector and recommend investors to look at stocks in other sectors which can deliver decent returns.
"Largely in the aviation space, I see that the reaction will be a little muted, because in these stocks, the momentum and volumes indicators are not as significantly favouring these stocks," says Sahil Kapoor, Chief Technical Analyst, Edelweiss Securities.
"You may have some bounce backs and a rally which will be short-lived, but a larger trade mostly will not be present in this space. So I would not recommend any medium term play in the aviation space for the trading bet on the oil crash," he adds.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

High as the sky  deep as the oceanUpdated: December 6, 2014 00:10 IST
High as the sky, deep as the ocean
SRAVASTI DATTA
books and literature
Eat the Sky, Drink the Ocean is a collection of short stories, a play script and graphic stories that stretches the boundaries of imagination
Eat the Sky, Drink the Ocean. If the title gives you a sense of freedom and discovery, you can imagine how powerful the stories are. The collection of six graphic stories, one play script and ten short stories pulls the reader into a world of limitless possibilities, pushing the boundaries of creativity. Published by Zubaan Books, Eat the Sky, Drink the Ocean emerged as a response to the horrific cases of rape in India and in Melbourne, in 2012. The book features works by some of the finest writers and illustrators from India and Australia, including Samhita Arni, Manjula Padmanabhan, Annie Zaidi, Mandy Ord, Amruta Patil, Priya Kuriyan, Alyssa Brugman, Penni Russon, among others.
Australian writers Kirsty Murray and Isobelle Carmody, who were recently in town, spoke of their experiences of working for the project. “I was in India in 2012, where I met Anita Roy,” says Kirtsy, who has co-edited the book, with Anita and Payal Dhar, “And we discussed the parallels of experience between women in India and Australia, and about culture and feminism. We also discussed how there were limited conversations among creative people. The idea was to open up conversations about the future of our lives.” She adds that the editorial experience was enjoyable. “The collaborations for some of the work happened over Skype and email.” For the book, Kirsty has written Mirror Perfect and collaborated with Manjula Padmanabhan for the play script, The Blooming. For the latter, she says it was a step-up, because she is a fiction writer, not a playwright. Kirsty is a respected writer in Australia, best known for her Children of the Wind series.
Isobelle wrote the graphic story The Runners, in collaboration with Prabhya Mallya. “Kirsty wrote to me in the earlier stage of the process,” says Isobelle, “It sounded really interesting. I took a look at Prabhya Mallya’s website and it was so good that I couldn’t resist writing for the book. I wanted my story to be human, to be un-gendered in how we treat one another. Part of it is technology too.” In The Runner, men and boys are shown as oppressed.
“They have no names, they’re just known as ‘boy’ and ‘man’. The girl in the story has to save a boy who she doesn’t think is even human. But she has to save him for a favour for her mother.”
While Kirsty says she found the conversations between both cultures interesting, Isobelle says feminism was an entry point to understand each others’ culture.
Isobelle, well-known for her Obernewtyn Chronicles, has an interest in speculative fiction. “The tools that allowed me to be a speculative fiction writer fit my hand well.” For Isobelle, being true to writing as a craft is essential. She says that short stories are a beautiful form, but few writers do justice to it. “This collection is not at all like that. It fulfils all my rigid ideals. I don’t do B-grade writing. Money alone wouldn’t get me into it. It has to be a good idea.”

Juniper unveils switch for large data centresJuniper unveils switch for large data centres
Maulik Tewari
Juniper Industry Analyst & Media Event
Singapore, December 5:  
Large cloud builders and web-hosting companies are seeking ways to build large-scale cost-effective data centre networks to support hundreds and thousands of servers.
Juniper Networks, the industry leader in network innovation, has introduced the OCX1100, the first switch that combines Open Compute Project-based hardware with its Junos Operating System. The OCX1100 removes the burden of support, installation and maintenance on cloud providers.
The switch, which will be made available in the first quarter of 2015, will provide customers building massive data centres with an open, cost-effective and disaggregated switching platform. The Facebook-initiated Open Compute Project (OCP) was launched in 2011, to develop economical open source computer hardware.
The OCX1100 runs an optimised version of the Junos OS, which delivers the features required for deployment in L3 networks.
It provides support for native installation of tools such as Puppet and Chef, which enables automated programming and provisioning. It has several open software interfaces, such as Python that allow custom scripts and applications to interact with the OS.
The OCX1100 gives customers the freedom to remove Junos and install any third-party network operating system.
According to Rohi Mehra, Vice-President, network infrastructure, International Data Corporation, “Network dis-aggregation is a significant market transition being looked at favourably by large cloud providers and some early adopter enterprises … (it) can provide a platform for innovation and sustained operational gains. IDC predicts that in 2015, some of the major network infrastructure providers will provide a befitting response to this growing interest in white box switches, and Juniper’s launch of the open networking switch is clearly a positive step in that direction.”
Juniper is working with Alpha Networks, an original device manufacturer, on the hardware design, which has been submitted to the open computer project for review.
Cloud collaboration
The event also saw Juniper Networks and VMware, a leader in virtualisation and cloud infrastructure, announce their joint Asia Pacific strategy aimed at accelerating the adoption of private cloud solutions across the region.
The latest announcement follows last year’s expansion of the two companies’ global technology partnership on integration of the VMware NSX network virtualisation platform and Juniper’s MetaFabric architecture for virtualised data centre networking in the region.
The writer is in Singapore at the invitation of Juniper Networks
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

Shiv Sena enters Maharashtra governmentShiv Sena enters Maharashtra government
Our Bureau
Bonhomie Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis with Shiv Sena ministers in Mumbai on Friday. SHASHI ASHIWAL
Becomes first-ever opposition party in the State to join ruling alliance
Mumbai, December 5:  
The Shiv Sena, which formally joined the BJP government in Maharashtra with 10 ministers on Friday, is not expected to get major portfolios.
Senior Sena leaders such as Subash Desai and Diwakar Raote have joined the Cabinet, but they may have to settle for ministries such as Public Works Department, Forest and Water Conservation.
In Maharashtra’s legislative history, it is the first instance of an opposition party joining the ruling party in an alliance government.
The patch-up between the two parties will give stability to the alliance with 183 seats, comfortably surpassing the halfway mark by 39 seats. The oath ceremony was held on the Assembly grounds here on Friday.
Important ministries such as Home, Finance and Revenue will firmly remain with the BJP. A list outlining the Sena portfolio has been vetted by party chief Uddhav Thackeray and been handed over in a sealed cover to the Governor.
A Sena source said partys MLA from Jogeshwari Ravindra Waikar has been named Minister of State for Housing Development while Vijay Shivtare from Purandar near Pune has been given MoS for Water Conservation.
Desai’s elevation to the Cabinet was unexpected, as he had lost the election in October. However, his proximity to Uddhav has won him the coveted position, the source said.
BJP also inducted five of its MLAs as Cabinet ministers and another five as MoS.
Other prominent Shiv Sena MLAs who took the oath are DD Ghuse, Deepak Sawant, Eknath Shinde and Ramdas Kadam. From the BJP, prominent leaders such as Girish Mahajan, Girish Bapat and Chandrashekhar Bavankule have been made Cabinet ministers.
Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis told media persons that smaller alliance parties such as the RPI, Shiv Sangram and Rashtriya Samaj will be inducted in the government after the Winter Session of the legislature.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

Reliance Industries ties up with Mexicos PemexSpiceJet gets a lifeline but only for eight weeks
At a time when its Indian oil and gas business is facing regulatory and operational hurdles and global crude oil prices have hit rock bottom, Reliance Industries (RIL) is gearing up to make a significant entry into the conventional hydrocarbons space in the American continent.
The oil-to-yarn and retail conglomerate said on Friday it had signed a memorandum of understanding with the Mexico’s national oil company Petroleos Mexicanos (Pemex) to “assess upstream oil and gas business opportunities in Mexico and jointly evaluate value-added opportunities in international markets”.
RIL has already tasted success in North America with its three shale gas and liquid assets in the US, which are the main contributors to its upstream hydrocarbons exploration and production business at present. Simultaneously, earnings from its Indian oil and gas business have been steadily declining for a few years now as gas output from its flagship D6 reservoir in the Krishna-Godavari Basin has been on a decline. The Indian oil and gas business has also been mired in controversy and litigation with frequent run-ins with the government on issues like cost recovery and gas pricing.
This is the second partnership announced by RIL in the Americas, with the first one being in Venezuela. The company had signed a similar understanding with South America country’s national oil company Petroleos de Venezuela (PDVSA) in October 2013.
RIL understands markets such as Venezuela and Mexico well since it has been sourcing heavy varieties of crude from these countries to be distilled at its highly complex refinery in Jamnagar.
“The understanding envisages sharing of RIL’s pioneering expertise in deepwater development and best practices in east coast of India and RIL’s experience in shale gas in US,” a statement issued by RIL on Friday said. “RIL will also provide technical support and share experience with Pemex for refining value maximisation and other technical optimisation strategies.”
Though RIL’s statement did not specifically mention any joint investments by the company and Pemex, sources said this is the first step of a larger presence RIL seeks to build in the Gulf of Mexico, one of the most prolific hydrocarbon basins in the world.
“The recent energy reforms that have taken place in Mexico have the potential to unlock 1P (proved) reserves of 10 billion barrels. Most of these reserves are concentrated near the US-Mexico border in the Gulf of Mexico,”a person familiar with the development said. “According to recent reports, around 270 locations with more than 2,300 exploration opportunities have been identified in deepwater Mexico.” He declined to be identified.
With the shale oil boom feeding the energy needs of the US market, Mexico has to find new markets for its oil production and the grade of crude found in the Gulf of Mexico is suitable for RIL’s Jamnagar refinery, this person said.
RIL may also look to leverage its partnership with companies like BP, which has a significant presence in the Gulf of Mexico, this person said. The London-based energy firm is an equity partner in RIL’s oil and gas business in India. BP had invested in RIL’s exploration and production business in August 2011 for $7.2 billion, and is helping the Mukesh Ambani-led firm deal with technical challenges faced at D6.
For companies like RIL looking to invest in hydrocarbon assets around the world, the timing is opportune as crude prices are at an all-time low. On Friday, crude was trading at around $69 per barrel, with prices having fallen as much as 40% since June.
In an interview to a television channel on Tuesday, RIL chairman Ambani had said that he expected crude prices to remain range-bound between $65 and $75 per barrel, considering that Saudi Arabia, which is a member of the Organisation of the Petroleum Exporting Countries, had refused to cut down on oil production to shore up prices.
Typically, when crude prices fall, valuations of oil producing assets fall in tandem.
RIL’s global investments in oil and gas ventures, most notably its investment in US shale assets, has helped the company offset decline in earnings from its Indian hydrocarbons business. Against an estimated peak of at least 60 million standard cubic metres per day (mscmd), gas production from D6, touted to be India’s largest gas find, stood at around 13 msmcd in the September quarter.
Though the new government that came to power in May finally heeded the industry’s call for higher gas prices by raising it to $5.61 per million British thermal units, from $4.2 earlier, RIL is not going to fully benefit from it. In November, Canadian energy firm Niko Resources, RIL’s partner at D6, said that the new gas price was immediately applicable to only the MA block within D6, and not the D1 and D3 blocks, since the government was examining whether RIL had a role to play in the drastic fall in gas output. The operators of the block will get around $40 million in additional revenues in FY15 due to the price hike as 40% of the gas sold in the April-September period came from the MA block, Niko said.
In the September quarter, turnover from RIL’s domestic oil and gas business stood at Rs 1,380 crore, with an operating profit of Rs 818 crore. At the same time, revenues from its US shale business stood at Rs 1,619 crore, with an operating profit of Rs 488 crore.
TAGS: Reliance Industries
More from companies

Mamata the only alternative: SudipSinhaWritten by Arshad Ali | Kolkata |
Posted: December 6, 2014 5:08 am
Sudip Sinha, the brother of state BJP president Rahul Sinha was, till December 1 an unknown figure in state politics. He had suddenly been catapulted into media focus thanks to Trinamool MP and Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee’s nephew Abhishek Banerjee, who announced during a party youth wing rally that Sudip — though being the state BJP president’s brother — would join the TMC.
Speaking to The India Express, Sudip said his joining had been planned by senior Trinamool leaders. “I had met Arup Biswas in October first week at a blood donation camp where I had expressed my willingness to join TMC. After giving me a patient hearing, he assured me that I would be given a call at the right time,” he said.
Sinha has been appointed as the general secretary of the party’s south Kolkata wing. Asked what his responsibilities would entail, he said: “I will have to be in touch with all the presidents of the youth wing in Jadavpur and Tollygunge and ensure that organisational structure is strengthened. Arupda knows my association with a non-profit association and thus, thought I would have the capacity to build a team.”
He has already had a meeting with south Kolkata president Swarup Biswas. “It was a close-door meeting, fixing our party strategies for the 2015 municipal election,” said Sudip. On BJP’s presence in Bengal, Sudip said it was trying to portray a picture of popularity with the help of a few CPM cadres who have defected to the BJP. “It is so much like an India-Pakistan cricket match where even if one of the team is playing its under-17 team against the other national team, before the game, they would claim that they would win the match. The same thing can be said about the state BJP. They know they don’t stand a chance but at the same time, they don’t want the morale of their party workers to sink,” Sudip said.
“Initially, it was Trinammol versus the CPM and now it is the same fight on a different platform. The entire party is based on communalism — a principle which I had never been able to stomach,” said Sudip. He also negated Rahul’s claim that Sudip had always been an active TMC worker. “Dada (Rahul) must have got confused. I used to be friendly with local TMC workers near my residence in Raipur, in ward 99, where I have been living with my wife and son for the last four years. That must have led him to think that I have joined TMC.”
Asked if Rahul has spoken to him about him joining the TMC, Sudip said: “No, he hasn’t so far, but he might. We normally don’t discuss politics.”
Sudip added that while Rahul had followed the principles of their maternal uncle Prafulla Sinha and joined the BJP, he himself followed another paternal uncle of theirs, Bhupendra Kumar Sinha, and supported Congress. “Later, when several cases of corruption against continued…

SAIL offer for sale subscribed two times; FIIs  domestic MFs stay awayequities
MUMBAI: A clutch of state-owned insurers and banks stepped in to ensure the success of the Narendra Modi government's first share sale. Public sector insurance companies led by Life Insurance Corp. (LIC) and lenders including State Bank of India (SBI) lapped up majority of the Rs 1,700-crore issue of Steel Authority of India (SAIL) on Friday as many traditional foreign institutions and domestic mutual funds stayed away from the offer. Retail investors lapped up all the shares set aside for them.
SAIL's 20.65-crore-share offer for sale (OFS) done through stock exchanges on Friday was subscribed two times. Bids under the general category, including institutional investors and banks among others, were almost two times the 18.65 crore shares reserved for them.
Retail investors put in bids for 2.7 times the 2.06 crore shares kept aside for the category. They will be allotted the shares at a discount of 5% to the bid price. There was some confusion about the subscription details in the last hour of trading. At around 2:30 pm, the BSE website showed the offer was subscribed 131%, but it was soon revised to 69%. Soon, both exchanges showed the offer was fully subscribed.
State-owned insurance companies such as LIC and General Insurance Corp.(GIC) among others pumped close to Rs 700-750 crore into the share sale, said a banker in the know. Some public sector banks, along with one large private bank, invested about Rs 450-500 crore in the issue.
Private banks put in Rs 100 crore
The private sector lender put in close to Rs 100 crore, the banker said.
In addition to these state-owned firms, at least 12 foreign hedge funds such as Segantii Capital Management and Geosphere subscribed to the SAIL OFS, said a source. But, investment by some of these asset managers in the SAIL issue was part of a trading strategy involving shares and futures contracts.
Various hedge funds sold futures contracts of SAIL before the announcement of share sale. In the OFS on Friday, they subscribed to shares proportionately. These funds benefit when the price of the futures contract and the share price converge.
Unlike traditional foreign institutional investors (FIIs), who buy and hold for a while, these hedge funds are said to have invested in the issue with the intention of holding for a shorter period. Bankers said many long-established institutional investors were not keen to put money into the SAIL issue because of steep valuations."Operationally, SAIL is not the best opportunity that investors have as of now. Also, there was very little left on the table in terms of valuations," said a senior fund manager of a top mutual fund.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Skipping meals can make you  hangryHome Remedies From Your Kitchen
Skipping meals can make you‘Hangry’
Sometimes we are so caught up with what we are doing, we forget that our body needs to refuel in order to be at its best.
By mDhil Editorial | Mdhil –  Fri 28 Nov, 2014 4:15 PM IST
Tweet
0
To understand what happens to your body when you avoid eating at regular intervals, read on-
Digestion system does not function well – People who eat their three regular meals regularly, as well as have specific snack times have bowels that move about the same time every day. This helps you avoid constipation and flatulence. But when eating habits become erratic, digestion is compromised.
Hormones go haywire – Skipping a meal is stressful for the body, as your brain and other systems stop getting fuel from food. This causes cortisol levels as well as insulin to increase, which later goes down so much as that you will feel faint and may even collapse. Cortisol is the stress hormone and having high levels of these hormones very often is not the best thing to happen.
Upset temperament – Ever heard of the term ‘hangry’? It is the combination of hungry and angry – when you deprive your body of food. You become moody, temperamental and may fuss at small things which would not normally affect you. If this happens at work, you may lose support from colleagues and friends.  All because you didn’t take time out for some lunch. So pay attention to your body and eat on schedule.
Overeating – When you skip a meal, you naturally tend to eat more the next time you sit down at the table. If you avoid lunch thinking that you will go home and have a big dinner, it is not a smart strategy. Because you will end up eating more and this in turn will cause you to consume extra calories.
Weight Gain – If you skip meals frequently, your body breaks down fat and lean muscle in order to get the fuel it needs. This is not a good thing as the fat breakdown causes ketosis, the symptoms of which are fatigue, nausea among others. And when muscles help you to burn fat, you also lose muscle. This actually slows down your metabolism and burning less fat in the long run may cause obesity.
Confusing signals – When you skip a meal, your body stores more fat from the next meal as it’s preparing for a rainy day – or in this case…starvation. This is a precautionary measure adopted by the human body as it thinks that food is in short supply although actually this is not the case. So, eat regularly and avoid sending mixed signals to your body.
Tired Body – Erratic meals mean that your metabolism also takes a kick – it slows down. This drop in metabolism causes undue fatigue, which would not happen if you eat on time every day. To be at the top of your game, eat smart –have a snack or meal every four to six hours.
You may also like:

Soon  SEZs to open schools  hotels  malls to...You are here: Home > Collections > Infrastructure
Government to allow SEZs to open schools, hotels, malls to outsiders
Vikas Dhoot, ET Bureau Dec 6, 2014, 05.03AM IST
(Developers get tax sops…)
NEW DELHI: The Narendra Modi government has decided to give a significant break to India's beleaguered special economic zones (SEZ), by opening up the use of social infrastructure such as schools, hotels and shopping arcades for outsiders not operating within the zone. The move will make SEZs more attractive for investors and make it more viable for developers to invest in creating such social infrastructure in the non-processing areas of these zones.
After years of resistance to the proposal, the revenue department in the finance ministry has given the green signal to the commerce ministry to lift the bar on outsiders using SEZs' non-processing areas, said officials aware of the matter. The finance ministry has given up its traditional objection allowing non-SEZ users to access the common social infrastructure built within the SEZ would amount to them enjoying tax-free benefits.
PC Nambiar, chairman of the Export Promotion Council for Export-Oriented Units and SEZs (EPCES), said a notification to do away with the existing restrictions could be issued "anytime soon". "Nowhere in the world is the use of social infrastructure in SEZs restricted only to SEZ users as the objective is to develop world-class facilities.
Developers get tax sops only for building such infrastructure, not for the expenses they incur on maintaining and operating them," Nambiar said. "This is a positive step as the infrastructure in SEZs' nonprocessing areas would become more viable to build and used more efficiently. The government may levy some charges on such users if needed," said Vivek Mehra, partner (tax and regulatory services), at PwC India.
If a foreigner comes to a hotel in an SEZ, he can't be denied the right to stay if he's not visiting the SEZ, said Nambiar. Similarly, he said, local people should be able to utilise the facilities of a school or a hospital inside the SEZ.
Just 196 of 352 notified and 491 formally approved SEZs are currently operational. While most developers have opted to build minimal infrastructure outside the production area due to the restrictions on users, those who have built such facilities within the zones feel it is a waste of money as they are not utilised optimally.
"Most developers are focused on building the processing area where goods and services are exported from, as they see the common social infrastructure built by some players lying under-utilised," said Nambiar. Though better infrastructure could eventually improve low occupancy rates of SEZs, experts said a larger vision is needed to make these business parks a driver of the Modi government's 'Make In India' campaign.
"These changes are good, but it is time India thinks big to become a global manufacturing hub like China," said Mehra. "Why can't we attract automobile makers to SEZs and allow them to sell to the domestic tariff area without levying customs duty on the value added by Indian labour and materials? A lot of automobile makers have set up plants in Thailand instead of India due to this tax treatment," he said.
"Buying a car made in an Indian SEZ would actually be more expensive than importing it from Thailand due to the concessional sops they enjoy through free-trade agreements," Mehra said, arguing that India should only tax such domestic tariff area sales to the extent they relied on imported duty-free components.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Watsa to fork out Rs 950 cr for 26% stake in India InfolinePrem Watsa likely to fork out Rs 950 crore for 26% stake in India Infoline
Sabarinath M & Baiju Kalesh, ET Bureau Dec 6, 2014, 08.21AM IST
Tags:
360 Degree Feedback
(Watsa, known for his long-term…)
MUMBAI | HYDERABAD: Fairfax Financial Holdings, owned by Canadian value investor Prem Watsa , is in advanced negotiations to purchase a 26% stake in the non-banking finance company of Mumbai-based financial services firm India Infoline.
The move is a part of Watsa's plan to capitalise on the fast-growing NBFC business in the country. In India Infoline, it plays a significant role and forms a key part of founder Nirmal Jain's push to make the group a bigger player in the financial services business.
NBFC and lending businesses constituted 70% of the group's total income during FY14. "Prem Watsa is bullish on India and has been very supportive with both capital and strategic inputs," said Nirmal Jain, MD & CEO, India Infoline. A spokesperson for Fairfax Financial Holdings said, "We do not comment on speculation."
NBFC Biz Worth Rs 1,819 crore
A senior person in the know said all other India Infoline businesses were well-capitalised and funds were needed only for the NBFC business. Fairfax will have to pay close to Rs 950 crore for the 26% stake going by the valuations offered to non-banking finance companies. NBFCs are usually valued at roughly two times their net worth. India Infoline's NBFC has a net worth of Rs 1,819 crore.
"The emergence of large global players as investors will enhance the credibility of the NBFC space. It also makes the sector attractive for a new investor. This will have a positive impact and boost the long-term prospects of the sector," said Santosh Singh, research analyst at Societe Generale.
Since Fairfax already owns 18% stake in India Infoline, the proposed move signals the Hyderabad-born billionaire's desire to play a bigger role in India's fast-growing financial services industry. The Canadian firm has recently raised its stake in India Infoline by 8%. The Fairfax Group plans to invest at least $1 billion in India and had proposed a dedicated fund for investments.
"We will have a strong focus on India," Watsa had told ET in a recent interview. Probity Research, founded in 1995 by a group of professionals including Nirmal Jain to carry out research on Indian businesses, was transformed into India Infoline.
The company's operations now straddle the entire spectrum of financial services. India Infoline's growth story had generated interest among private equity funds. Carlyle holds 9% stake in the company. Financial services companies are betting big on lending business as credit is still under-penetrated in India. Centrum , the Mumbai-based financial services firm owned by Chandir Gidwani, plans to launch an NBFC shortly. Former Citigroup CEO Vikram Pandit has invested Rs 540 crore in JM's real estate lending arm.The company has made an additional commitment of Rs 360 crore, taking the total investment to Rs 900 crore.
Watsa, known for his long-term investments, bought a stake in India Infoline in 2011 and followed it up with the buyout of British tour operator Thomas Cook's India business. In April this year, Thomas Cook bought majority control in Sterling Holiday Resorts .
FEATURED ARTICLES

DGCA acts on SpicejetDGCA acts on Spicejet
Saudis cut oil price  $150 billion plans on holdSaudis cut oil price  $150 billion plans on hold
http://usat.ly/1A2n8hiNovember auto sales -- four (and a half) surprises
James R. Healey , USA TODAY 6:10 p.m. EST December 3, 2014
The 2015 Subaru Legacy -- not much to buzz about,. But Subie sold nearly twice as many Legacy sedans in Novmeber as it did a year earlier. 
(Photo: Subaru)
A little racy-looking,but really, what's the big deal? Must be somewhere, because shoppers picked up 80% more Subaru WRX sedans in November than they did a year earlier. 
(Photo: Subaru)
The 2015 VW Jetta -- updated but you'd hardly notice. Still, VW sold 32% more of them in November than it did the year before, apparently to buyers who don't need fancy, or even different, looks. 
(Photo: James Halfacre)
The 2015 Buick Encore, a city-size crossover SUV that's gone from loner to forerunner of the new urban-ute craze. All it did in November was sell nearly twice as many as the year before. 
(Photo: Tom Drew)
The 2015 Jeep Compass is more car than SUV but buyers still like it, snapping up 16% more in November than they did a year ago. 
(Photo: AJ Mueller)
The 2015 Jeep Patriot is similar mechanically to the Jeep Compass, but has the advantage of looking like a real Jeep. Buyers found something to like, signing for 47% more of them in November than they did a year before. 
(Photo: Jeep)
Toyota's Scion XB is -- literally -- the squarest of the hip, youth-oriented car line, and the only one that sold worth noting in November -- up only 7%, but other Scions and most Toyotas lost ground. 
(Photo: Scion)
Corolla compact sedan was the only serious sales performer among Toyota-brand cars in November, up about 14% while nearly every other Toyota car reported declining sales. 
(Photo: Toyota)
Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries:
Replay
The 2015 Subary Legacy is just another maistream midsize sedan -- to everybody but eager buyers who snapped up almost twice as many of them in November as a year earlier.
(Photo: Subaru)
30 CONNECT 16 TWEET LINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Who knew Subaru sales could rocket? Or that Volkswagen could win a sales increase from a lineup that runs from outdated to hard to tell form its forebears?
Overall it was a great month for auto sellers. Best November since 2001. Up nearly 5% from year-earlier sales.
But far from uniform.
Take Subaru…
Apparently the new Legacy and WRX sedans are twice as good as the old ones.
Either that, or all those Subie owners traded in theirs and bought two each, because sales of those models about doubled in November.
You probably think of Subaru as the quaint brand that serves the tweed-patch Northeasterners and snowy-road Coloradans.
But somebody must have thrown the "mainstream" switch because the newest Subies raced out of showrooms like money through a college kid's fingers.
Or maybe people just hated Subaru until right this minute, when they wept with enlightenment and swept through Subaru showrooms like grasshoppers through a Midwest corn field.
Keep in mind, those are cars, and cars mainly died where they slept, smacked down by SUVs. Subaru has SUVs, but those didn't do so great.
Something in the water?
Volkswagen pulled off a near-miracle, reporting a sales increase without anything new on the SUV side, which is where most car companies got their boosts in November.
Jetta was the boomer, rewarded, apparently, for the nice new engine by buyers who don't care that the neighbors won't know it's a new one parked in your driveway.
And that silly Buick Encore. Not only is it hard to remember because the name's so much like the big SUV, Enclave. (What next, Encircle? Ennui?). But Encore's a little-bitty machine that was stuck out there nearly alone in a segment that didn't exist, and now it's a read-hot number, selling -- as with Subaru -- nearly twice what it did a year ago.
And that's so even though the city-size utility vehicles have poured from automakers as if they were the only thing buyers want.
Jeep's comign with a Renegade, Fiat with the 500X, Mazda with the CX-3, Honda, the HR-V, Chevrolet with Trax.
OK, here's another one…Jeep Compass. Call them the third-and-a-half surprises because they surf the same wave that Encore's riding.
Compass is a dowdy, aging vehicle that's only considered a real Jeep in foreign markets, where buyers crave the name but gotta have something small. Patriot is similar underneath, but has the advantage of looking like a real Jeep.
Novedmber buyers liked Compass enough to grab 16% nmore than they did the previous November, and Patriot buyers gave that model an approval rating 47% higher than a year earlier.
How about Toyota's Scion brand…youthful; hip-slick-and-cool. Or not.
The only Scion worth its space in the showroom in November was the xB. It's the plainest one, based on the Toyota Corolla… And now that you mention it, Corolla was about the only Toyota car that didn't have to hang its head in shame when the monthly sales report card was issued.
30 CONNECT 16 TWEET LINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1CG1sgX
AUTO SALES BREAKDOWN

Reliance  Ericsson ink pactReliance  Ericsson ink pact
Prem Watsa may invest Rs 950 cr for a 26% stake in Nirmal Jain s India InfolinePrem Watsa likely to fork out Rs 950 crore for 26% stake in India Infoline
Sabarinath M & Baiju Kalesh, ET Bureau Dec 6, 2014, 08.21AM IST
Tags:
360 Degree Feedback
(Watsa, known for his long-term…)
MUMBAI | HYDERABAD: Fairfax Financial Holdings, owned by Canadian value investor Prem Watsa , is in advanced negotiations to purchase a 26% stake in the non-banking finance company of Mumbai-based financial services firm India Infoline.
The move is a part of Watsa's plan to capitalise on the fast-growing NBFC business in the country. In India Infoline, it plays a significant role and forms a key part of founder Nirmal Jain's push to make the group a bigger player in the financial services business.
NBFC and lending businesses constituted 70% of the group's total income during FY14. "Prem Watsa is bullish on India and has been very supportive with both capital and strategic inputs," said Nirmal Jain, MD & CEO, India Infoline. A spokesperson for Fairfax Financial Holdings said, "We do not comment on speculation."
NBFC Biz Worth Rs 1,819 crore
A senior person in the know said all other India Infoline businesses were well-capitalised and funds were needed only for the NBFC business. Fairfax will have to pay close to Rs 950 crore for the 26% stake going by the valuations offered to non-banking finance companies. NBFCs are usually valued at roughly two times their net worth. India Infoline's NBFC has a net worth of Rs 1,819 crore.
"The emergence of large global players as investors will enhance the credibility of the NBFC space. It also makes the sector attractive for a new investor. This will have a positive impact and boost the long-term prospects of the sector," said Santosh Singh, research analyst at Societe Generale.
Since Fairfax already owns 18% stake in India Infoline, the proposed move signals the Hyderabad-born billionaire's desire to play a bigger role in India's fast-growing financial services industry. The Canadian firm has recently raised its stake in India Infoline by 8%. The Fairfax Group plans to invest at least $1 billion in India and had proposed a dedicated fund for investments.
"We will have a strong focus on India," Watsa had told ET in a recent interview. Probity Research, founded in 1995 by a group of professionals including Nirmal Jain to carry out research on Indian businesses, was transformed into India Infoline.
The company's operations now straddle the entire spectrum of financial services. India Infoline's growth story had generated interest among private equity funds. Carlyle holds 9% stake in the company. Financial services companies are betting big on lending business as credit is still under-penetrated in India. Centrum , the Mumbai-based financial services firm owned by Chandir Gidwani, plans to launch an NBFC shortly. Former Citigroup CEO Vikram Pandit has invested Rs 540 crore in JM's real estate lending arm.The company has made an additional commitment of Rs 360 crore, taking the total investment to Rs 900 crore.
Watsa, known for his long-term investments, bought a stake in India Infoline in 2011 and followed it up with the buyout of British tour operator Thomas Cook's India business. In April this year, Thomas Cook bought majority control in Sterling Holiday Resorts .
FEATURED ARTICLES

J-K terror attacks an attempt to keep turnout low at Modi rallyComments
Terror Friday in which the Valley saw multiple attacks in quick succession was an attempt to scare people from attending Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s first election rally in Kashmir on December 8.
Senior security and intelligence officials said the attacks were aimed at triggering fear and keeping the numbers low.
“We are looking at this attack in the context of the Prime Minister’s visit. As of now all we can reveal is that they were out to create terror in Srinagar,” said AG Mir, inspector general of police, Kashmir range.
Modi’s rally is at Srinagar’s Sher-e-Kashmir cricket stadium, the same venue from where Atal Bihari Vajpayee addressed 20,000 Kashmiris in 2003. The stadium is less than 10km away from Soura where a Lashkar-e-Toiba (LeT) commander was killed during a three-hour gun battle.
BJP leaders, including party vice-president Ram Madhav, have been camping in the city to ensure a huge turnout — at least a lakh. Separatist-turned-politician Sajjad Lone, who met Modi before the poll, is likely to help gather crowds for the Monday meet.
The leaders remain optimistic about a sizeable attendance despite the militant attacks. “We are mobilising people. Neither we nor the PM will get scared or deterred by the terrorists,” said Moti Kaul, the party candidate for the Habbakadal seat.
But a police officer said chairs were being brought into the stadium to give a fuller look.
“We have been on full alert and cannot take any chances with the PM’s visit. The terrorists are trying to spread psychological fear,” said director general of police K Rajendra.
The security ring around the stadium and adjoining areas has been further strengthened to preempt any attempt by militants, who may have sneaked in and still hiding in the city, to sabotage the rally. BJP leaders Najma Heptullah and Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi have rallies slotted in adjacent constituencies.
Intelligence officials said the attacks were made to synchronise with the two-day Lahore conference of Hafiz Saeed, the 26/11 mastermind and Lashkar founder.
If the militants succeed in their scare strategy, it will be a setback for the BJP looking to make a mark for the first time in the Muslim-majority Valley.
With inputs from Peerzada Ashiq in Srinagar

Bikes are for ridingDec 06, 2014, 09.05 AM IST  | Source: Overdrive Magazine
Bikes are for riding
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Bikes are for riding
Post your opinion here
 
If you're young and into motorcycles, you probably live on a forum or two. Or a dozen. And Facebook and various other online worlds. I lived in them too, ages ago. Back in the day when I was an IT guy with software in my fingers and motorcycles in my head, I found great solace in the forums where I met like-minded people.  But something has changed. Many people I meet now are netizens who're into bikes. But a surprisingly small number of them seem to have a mind of their own. What they say is what they believe based on what they've... Read More
ADS BY GOOGLE

Sony employees got threatening emails after hack  FBI confirmsSony employees got threatening emails after hack  FBI confirms
Barack Obamas R-Day meals will be made in AmericaBarack Obama’s Republic Day meals will be made in America
Pramit Pal Chaudhuri , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 06, 2014
First Published: 00:45 IST(6/12/2014) | Last Updated: 09:50 IST(6/12/2014)
Comments
When US President Barack Obama sits down to a banquet during his January visit to New Delhi, the food on his plate will outwardly look identical to those of the other guests. In reality, it will be an exact copy prepared by a White House steward (chef).
President Barack Obama and Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the Martin Luther King Jr Memorial in Washington. (PTI Photo)
This is standard security practice for US presidents. Ex-secret service bodyguard Joseph Petro recounts in his 2005 memoir how menus for formal dinners would be sent days before to the White House, the ingredients procured, and a carbon copy dish made by stewards just before the meal was served.
But presidents do wander around. Obama enjoys taking his family around Washington for meals -- and has a taste for foreign and exotic cuisines.
In these cases, a special detachment of Secret Service men appear at the restaurant hours before the presidential party arrives, vets the staff, inspects -- if not tastes -- the ingredients, and then keeps a close watch on the cooking process.
Condiments like ketchup and mustard, and of course water, are brought from the White House.
In the tense period after 9/11, Secret Service men were known to wash spotty glasses and dishes -- presumably with biochemical toxin concerns in mind. When Obama came to India in 2010, a team of doctors from JJ Hospital, Mumbai, helped the Secret Service in their food-testing tasks.
Things get especially hairy during huge events like a US inauguration, when a president and his first lady can flit back and forth between a dozen balls and dinners. Inspection teams from the US Federal Drug Administration work with the Secret Service to keep the meals for even the guests secured. In the 2009 swearing-in, over 100,000 meals were supervised.
Petro explained the philosophy, “Nothing edible gets near the president unless we know where it comes from and who has handled it.” Sometimes that can lead to embarrassing moments. In March last year, Obama had to stick to bottled water during a lunch hosted by Republican Congressmen because someone had failed to screen the lobster salad. The lunch, part of a set of talks on a budget compromise, was also a legislative failure.

US condemns terror attacks in KashmirUS condemns terror attacks in Kashmir
PTI  Washington, December 06, 2014
First Published: 08:58 IST(6/12/2014) | Last Updated: 09:04 IST(6/12/2014)
Comments
The US has strongly condemned the terrorist attacks in Kashmir ahead of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's poll rally, and said it remained firm on its "commitment" to work with India to defeat terrorism in all forms.
"The United States strongly condemns today's (Friday's) terrorist attacks in Kashmir, which claimed the lives of innocent civilians, military, and police personnel," a senior state department official said.
Kashmir Valley was on Friday rocked by four terror attacks by militants from across the border who stormed an Army camp in Uri leaving 11 security personnel including a Lt Colonel dead and killed two civilians in Tral.
"The United States remains firmly committed to working in close partnership with India to defeat terrorism in all its forms," the state department in a statement issued on Friday evening.
"Our hearts go out to the families of those affected by this deplorable attack," it said.
Earlier in the day, the state department expressed its concern about any violence in Kashmir adding that its policies on it have not changed.
"We are concerned about any violence in Kashmir. Our policy on Kashmir hasn't changed. We still believe that the pace and the scope and character of India and Pakistan's dialogue on Kashmir is for those two countries to determine," state department deputy spokesperson Marie Harf, told reporters.
"Our embassies in both places have raised these types of incidents with their respective host governments and certainly encouraged both to continue working together on the issue," she said.
The attacks and gun battles with security forces which in all left 21 people dead also included a top commander of Pakistan-based terror outfit LeT and seven militants. Srinagar and Shopian were the other two places where the militants struck. Modi, who will be holding a rally in Srinagar city on Monday, condemned the terror attacks as "desperate attempts" to derail the atmosphere of hope created by the increased voter turnout and saluted the soldiers who laid down their lives for the nation.
Uri, Srinagar, Tral and Shopian goes to polls in Jammu and Kashmir state elections, in the third and fourth phase over the next 10 days.

Investor-friendly railway framework soon: MinisterHi Guest
Investor-friendly railway framework soon: Minister
Railways Minister Suresh Prabhu on Friday told a large gathering of private investors and financial institutions his ministry would put in place an investor-friendly framework to transform the national transporter into an efficient organisation.“We have to put in place a framework to facilitate investment on a long-term, sustainable basis. The idea is to make Indian Railways better than what it is today, in three years,” Prabhu told industry captains at an investor meet here. He ...

IPTL: Look at it as warm-up for next season  says Ana IvanovicMicromax Indian Aces players Gael Monfils, Fabrice Santoro (also Coach of team) and Rohan Bopanna during the press conference in New Delhi. (Source: PTI)
New Delhi |
Posted: December 6, 2014 1:48 am | Updated: December 6, 2014 8:28 am
By: Vimal Sankar TN
A day before the New Delhi leg of the inaugural season of the IPTL, both the players and the administrators were forced to deal with a few difficult questions during the press conference. The first of those was to the new league’s CEO Morgan Menahem. “What do you think of ATP chairman Chris Kermode dismissing the IPTL as nothing more than a glorified exhibition?” Menahem, of course, didn’t look amused.
“The ATP has been criticising us for some time now. But I’ll tell you what we’re doing right and give you one example to explain my point,” he said. “Tennis Australia are organising an exhibition match between Lleyton Hewitt and Roger Federer and they are following the new format. Therefore, it is the right direction for tennis. ATP, WTA, ITF should consider this IPTL format seriously. It is about bringing more excitement and fans to the game.”
The drilling didn’t stop there. A journalist then wanted to know from the current players on the dais — Gael Monfils, Ana Ivanovic, Rohan Bopanna and Sania Mirza — just how they could they could justify playing during the off-season when the big complaint on the circuit happens to be the short length of the yearly break. Menahem decided to answer this as well.
“No one is forced to play in this league. There have been several players we approached in the past who have declined us,” he said. “The ones who are here have seen the benefits of the league and are treating the tennis as a preparatory camp for next year.”
But how can it be preparatory with the changed rules and the league’s promise of entertaining the audience? Eric M. Gottschalk, ITPL’s COO, had an answer. “Look at it this way. These players double up as the best hitting partners during the day and they all go out there and play competitive tennis at night,” Gottschalk said.
Ivanovic, part of the Indian Aces, agreed. “Off season can be tiring otherwise. We normally spend lot of time with our team. Events like these outside your country is a good way to prepare,” she said.
While the administrators did their best to deal with the negatives, the players, such as Ivanovic and Bopanna, did their bit to list out the positives. “It’s great. Being a doubles players, my matches are not shown on TV,” said Bopanna. “Now all these young kids can watch us play, seeing us they can be inspired to pick up the sport.”

Aishwarya Rai Bachchan is the lady in blackentertainment
Aishwarya Rai Bachchan is the lady in black
Bollywood beauty and yummy mummy Aishwarya Rai Bachchan graced the launch of a watch store in suburban Mumbai on Thursday (December 4). (Source: Varinder Chawla)
The former beauty queen was chic in a black leather collared Gucci number with knee-high boots, also by Gucci. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Pretty Pretty! Aishwarya Rai finished off her look with a sleek ponytail and matt lips. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
The Bachchan bahu showed off a massive sparkler on her ring finger. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Aishwarya Rai Bachchan recently made headlines with news of her reuniting with 'Devdas' co-star, Shah Rukh Khan for the remake of ‘Chalti Ka Naam Gadi’. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
The mother-of-one has also agreed to do good friend Karan Johar’s directorial venture, ‘Ae Dil Hai Mushkil’. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Aishwarya Rai cuts the ribbon as she inaugurates the store. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Related

Adaptation cost in developing nations to be more thanAdaptation cost in developing nations to be more than
Air India to monetise surplus land assetsAir India to monetise surplus land assets
The movement of share price is your answer. you should not ask me for ...Platinum Member
18 Followers
The movement of share price is your answer. You should not ask me for answering. A new low will finally confirm that the supply of shares at Rs.19/- was too excessive to be consumed by the artificially created demand that jacked up the price then at Rs.19/-.
In reply to : joekittan message
10.28 AM Dec 6th

Endorse your views. if we persist with single stock  we will miss bus ...Silver Member
2 Followers
Endorse your views. If we persist with single stock, we will miss bus elsewhere.  For long term investors, right moment to enter.
In reply to : Charasala message
10.28 AM Dec 6th

Dear guest how can one have faith on you when there is a news operator...Platinum Member
176 Followers
Ajay Srivastava of Dimensions Consulting has sent the grim and timely warning that we should not succumb to the temptation and buy low-quality stocks in the urge to make a quick buck. When the correction comes, such stocks will crumple and leave us high and dry, he warns
In reply to : mylo message
1.29 PM Dec 7th

Agreed nike2010 what will be the target for sjvn for 4 to 5 y...Platinum Member
25 Followers
for 4 to 5 years horizon .. SJVN can be easily 100 to 130 .. but the dividends wil also increase stadily .... better to book profits at regular intervals and accumulate on dips regularly for this stock .... its not affected very much by market ups and downs so safe bet for your retirements . this is my calculation on thsi share and i am invested in this from the time of IPO and this share has given study returns to my investments regularly ... cheers ...
In reply to : dnjariwala message
11.21 AM Dec 8th

By 2030  Nifty will hit 1 25 000  says Rakesh JhunjhunwalaBy 2030, Nifty will hit 1,25,000, says ace investor Rakesh Jhunjhunwala
ET Bureau Dec 4, 2014, 07.01AM IST
Tags:
Inflation
(Jhunjhunwala says a year…)
MUMBAI: Benchmark Nifty can hit 1,25,000 by 2030 as company earnings are expected to grow 16% annually, according to investor Rakesh Jhunjhunwala .
This target is almost 13 times the index's close of 8,537.65 on Tuesday.
Jhunjhunwala told a news channel that the Nifty has grown 10 times in the last 15 years and can jump 10-12 times in the next decade. "With the outlook for India, which is much better for the next 10 years than the growth in the past 10 years, and with increasing investor participation, don't you think the next 10 years should not be 10 but 15 times Nifty?" the investor told the channel, declining to give a target for 2015.
He said the market will be surprised by the country's growth in the coming years with Narendra Modi at its helm.
"Modi is an instrument. He is an instrument of change; he is not the change. The most remarkable thing of his first 180 days is that he has decided to do things at a measure and pace which is possible," said Jhunjhunwala. "The pace of change which he is bringing about is the one which the country and the situation and circumstances can absorb," he said.
He said the government's Swachh Bharat programme is the best investment this country can make. "It is five times more dividend than spending on health. So, you have to look at the completeness of the picture," he said.
Jhunjhunwala said a year later, Reserve Bank of India governor Raghuram Rajan will regret not having cut rates in the policy review meeting on December 2. "This is because inflation will be 4% in India next year. We have had an unprecedented fall in oil prices," he said. "The worst is behind us and now we are importing 7% of gross domestic product as commodities. That benefit is yet to percolate down," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Canada s Ryerson Futures & Chokhani Group to launch $15 million fundGlobal cos to hire most from India: Pepsico India chief D Shivakumar
Canada’s Ryerson Futures Inc and Chokhani Group will launch a USD 15 million fund (about Rs 82.5 crore) to invest in early stage technology businesses in partnership with Zone Startups India (ZSI).
The fund will seek to invest between USD 50,000 (about Rs 27.5 lakh) and USD 500,000 (Rs 2.75 crore) in 10-15 start-ups every year, a statement said.
The fund will make investments in highly scalable technology startups which are part of the ZSI and will also seek to find new startups to add to the programme, it added.
Chokhani Group has multiple businesses, including two non-banking financial companies, while Zone Startups India (ZSI) is an incubator focussed on data analytics, mobility, e-commerce and mobile payments, among others.
ZSI’s current portfolio startups includes Focus Analytics, Bug Clipper, Baby Chakra, Pykih, FOSengage, DrugIO, Intugine Technologies, ArtZolo, Underdogs Gaming Studio and BOOKstreet, among others.
“We have been active making early stage investments and have seen tremendous interest in the market. Partnering with an existing accelerator allows us to leverage the benefits of a formalised programme,” Anil Chokhani, who is also a serial angel investor with Mumbai Angels, said.
The fund will be raising capital from corporates and high net worth individuals.
“Launching a fund to help rapidly advance these startups is a logical next step now that we have been able to establish a strong network in India with our partners,” Ryerson Futures President Matt Saunders said.
Ryerson Futures is an accelerator for early stage companies connected to the Digital Media Zone at Ryerson University. RFI companies have raised over USD 22 million in the last year.
TAGS: Canada's Ryerson Futures Inc Chokhani Group
More from industry
IIT-Guwahati prof accused of rape by office assistant, held The dean of academic affairs at the IIT here has been arrested for allegedly raping an office assistant, a senior police officer said on Tuesday. “A case was registered against IIT Guwahati Professor Alok Kumar Ghosal at the Panbazar Women police station here… He was brought to the police station for examination last night and […]

Large and mid-cap stocks that rise when oil prices fallPast trend of the stock market's performance due to change in crude oil prices shows Indian equities tend to do better every time the prices weaken.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
Past trend of the stock market's performance due to change in crude oil prices shows Indian equities tend to do better than the regional index every time the prices weaken. This may prompt foreign institutional investors (FIIs) to continue betting big on India not withstanding their current overweight position in the local equity market .
Over the past 20 years, Indian equities have outperformed the regional index, MSCI Asia ex-Japan, in nine out of the 11 instances when global crude oil prices have slipped more than 10%, according to data compiled by Barclays .
The Brent crude oil price was trading at over $70 a barrel on Thursday, 40% lower since June. The last big fall in the crude price was during the financial crisis in the western economies. Between July 2008 and February 2009, it crashed by 67% following fears of global economic slowdown.
During the period, though the Indian benchmark CNX Nifty fell by 29%, the decline in the MSCI AxJ was much greater at around 47%.
Investors are aware that stocks of the public sector oil marketing companies and automobile players are direct beneficiaries of a steep fall in crude prices.
Apart from these usual picks, large-cap stocks, including HUL, Godrej consumer, United Spirits, Container Corporation of India, and Divi's Laboratories have posted returns of more than 15% whenever crude entered the bear phase, the analysis shows. Interestingly, HUL has given a positive return in each of the past 11 instances when crude oil fell by more than 10%; it gave an average return of 17.3%.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Amazon looks at bottom line to sell premium diapersAmazon selling its own diapers, baby wipes
By Business Insider | 5 Dec, 2014, 03.48AM IST
Each item will have a QR code on it – when buyers scan it with their Amazon app, they’ll get a bunch of information about the product.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
By Jillian d'Onfro
Amazon just launched Amazon Elements, a line of premium products that are only available to Prime subscription members (membership costs $99 per year and includes free two-day shipping on tons of items as well as music, TV, and movie streaming).
Every Amazon Elements product will include information about where each ingredient in it was sourced and why, as well as when and where it was manufactured. The idea is to appeal to shoppers who want more product transparency and to take ethical manufacturing into consideration for purchasing decisions.
Each item will have a QR code on it - when buyers scan it with their Amazon app, they'll get a bunch of information about the product.
As of now, Amazon Elements only includes diapers and baby wipes , but it has categories for Baby, Health and Personal Care, and Grocery and Gourmet Food on the site.
"The two things customers told us they want are premium products that meet their high standards, and access to information so they can make informed decisions, Amazon Elements offers both," Sunny Jain, Amazon.com Consumables Vice President, said in a press release. "We've leveraged our strengths in technology to bring customers an unprecedented level of information about these products, all with just the click of a button."
(This story is from Business Insider, a website that covers business, tech, politics & more)

Candy Crush to launch designer clothes  handbags; inks licensing dealCandy Crush to launch designer clothes, handbags; inks licensing deal with Dream Theatre
By Ratna Bhushan , ET Bureau | 5 Dec, 2014, 10.20AM IST
0
Share More
 King Digital Entertainment Plc, has signed licensing deal with Mumbai-based Dream Theatre, to license and sell Candy Crush products across South Asia.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Developers of Candy Crush Saga , perhaps the world's most popular online and mobile game, plans to cash in on its popularity in India by launching high-street designer clothes , handbags , shoes and, of course, candies under the Candy Crush brand.
King Digital Entertainment Plc, the London-based owner of Candy Crush, has signed an exclusive licensing deal with Mumbai-based Dream Theatre, to license and sell Candy Crush branded products across South Asia.
"Since women between 18-25 years have been identified as the primary consumers of Candy Crush, our core focus for extending the game to products is women's fashion clothing, accessories, handbags, footwear and even home furnishing," said Jiggy George, founder and CEO of Dream Theatre, an entertainment, sports, fashion licensing and brand management firm.
Dream Theatre is close to signing a contract with a top Indian fashion designer, he said, but refused to name the person.
In July, fashion designer Manish Arora had showcased a fall/winter collection for Amprapali jewellery inspired by Candy Crush.
George said Dream Theatre will also partner a confectionery player to leverage the obvious synergy between Candy Crush and confectionery by launching Candy Crush candies and confectionery.
Candy Crush Saga, a match three-puzzle video game developed by King Digital in 2012 on Facebook, and later as a mobile app for smartphones, surpassed Farmville 2 as the most popular game on Facebook last year, with over 46 million average monthly users. Candy Crush has been installed over 600 million times on Facebook and iOS/Android devices, and was the most downloaded iOS app last year.
It enjoys huge popularity in India too. "The Candy Crush is like a new-age virus - whatever its pros or cons may be," said Shailendra Singh, joint MD of entertainment and sports marketing firm Percept.
He said recently at a function in Meerut he saw one of the people manning a sweets stall playing Candy Crush on his mobile.
The brand licensing market in India is estimated at $450 million, or about Rs 2,780 crore, at retail sales. It's not even 1% of the global market estimated at $200 billion, but is growing about 20% a year, helped by online retail and organised retail.
Licensing content and characters emanating from digital games and applications is a fast accelerating trend, replacing television and cartoon characters.
Angry Birds, the first such success, has so far been the biggest hit with two billion downloaded games worldwide. Angry Birds has followed the original game with multiple extensions, animation shorts and an upcoming movie in 2016.
For the Indian market, Dream Theatre, which also has licensing rights for Angry Birds, has launched products across 14 categories, including toys, board games, apparel and stationery.
Angry Birds' branded products are now available across 1,500 stores besides multiple online platforms.
George said with rights to licences for three digital properties — Candy Crush, Angry Birds and Talking Tom app — Dream Theatre was targeting Rs 150 crore of retail sales within three years.
Globally, the gaming market is forecast to grow to $103 billion by 2017 with mobile gaming doubling its share to 34%.
King Digital's latest results showed profits down by 20% in the July-September quarter compared to last year, and it has been trying to increase market share in an intensely competitive mobile game industry.
King Digital's stock-market debut in March this year was among the worst in the US. The company said it was diversifying beyond its core Candy Crush game and that its 'non-Candy Crush' game portfolio is now contributing 49% of its revenues.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Myntra eyes breakeven in 18 months by cutting costsMyntra eyes breakeven in 18 months by cutting costs
By Writankar Mukherjee , ET Bureau | 5 Dec, 2014, 04.00AM IST
“We are working towards profitability by making the organisation lean and efficient and improving overall margins,” said Ashutosh Lawania, co-founder of Myntra.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BENGALURU: Myntra, India's largest fashion and apparel online retailer , is working on cutting costs, improving back-end supply chain efficiencies, seeking more margins from brands and boosting private brand business in a bid to break even in the next 15-18 months, a top official said.
"We are working towards profitability by making the organisation lean and efficient and improving overall margins," said Ashutosh Lawania , co-founder of Myntra, now owned by top e-commerce player Flipkart.
Lawania said Myntra is looking to more than double the share of private labels, or own brands, in its overall sales to 40%-50% from 20% now, which will give a boost to its profitability since margins on in-house brands are typically 60%-70% higher than what it makes with selling other brands.
Its officials, however, refused to share financial details such as its losses, or the amount of money they look to save with the new initiatives.
Owners of apparel brands sold through Mytra said the e-tailer has reduced the proportion of discounts post-Diwali. "Myntra seems to be over with predatory pricing since it has now got the scale and customer base and wants to focus on profitability too," said the CEO of a premium apparel brand.
Even Flipkart , which acquired Mytra in May, has reduced discounts of late.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Top buzzing midcap stocks to trade on December 5Dec 05, 2014, 01.47 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Top buzzing midcap stocks to trade on December 5
Here are a few top buzzing midcap stocks picked by CNBC-TV18's analysts in trade today. We have SBI, Mangalore Chemicals, Pipavav Defence, Radico Khaitan, Bhageriya Dye Chem, JBF Industries, Nilkamal and Tourism Fin.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Top buzzing midcap stocks to trade on December 5
Here are a few top buzzing midcap stocks picked by CNBC-TV18's analysts in trade today. We have SBI, Mangalore Chemicals, Pipavav Defence, Radico Khaitan, Bhageriya Dye Chem, JBF Industries, Nilkamal and Tourism Fin.
Post your opinion here

JSPL rises 2% on fund raising plans  aims to ease debtsDec 05, 2014, 03.06 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
JSPL rises 2% on fund raising plans, aims to ease debts
The company’s consolidated net debt at the end of September 30, stood at Rs 37600 crore, nearly Rs 2,000 crore more than a year ago.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
JSPL rises 2% on fund raising plans, aims to ease debts
The company’s consolidated net debt at the end of September 30, stood at Rs 37600 crore, nearly Rs 2,000 crore more than a year ago.
Post your opinion here
 
Shares of  Jindal Steel and Power jumped around 2 percent intraday Friday on fund raising plans. According to CNBC-TV18 sources, the company is eyeing to raise USD 1 billion via bond issue, which will help to ease its huge debts.
It is learnt that the bond is likely to come by the end of FY15 while the mangement team is working on a detailed debt reduction plan.
Net revenue for September quarter stood at Rs 5,143 crore against Rs 4,852 crore in the year-ago period. The company’s consolidated net debt at the end of September 30, stood at Rs 37600 crore, nearly Rs 2,000 crore more than a year ago. Higher interest led to a 12 percent drop in consolidated net profit for the September quarter to Rs 400 crore against Rs 455 crore in the same quarter last year.
At 14:19 hrs Jindal Steel & Power was quoting at Rs 154.05, up Rs 1.75, or 1.15 percent on the BSE.
RELATED NEWS

Debate: Is workplace discipline in India a mythIs workplace discipline in India a myth?
India Today Group –  Wed 19 Nov, 2014 12:11 PM IST
Shrikala Kashyap PGP (class 2015), ISB, Hyderabad
Agree
"Workplace discipline in India is lower compared to other countries"
In our country, time is not respected and time management is something that we all struggle with. So much so, that the famous 'Indian Standard Time' has taken an almost hilarious connotation. Many organisations are yet to follow an automated timekeeping or attendance system to monitor employees. Lack of such systems encourage workers to bend the rules, resulting in low productivity.
Workplace indiscipline has a trickle-down effect that affects a company's bottom line. Very often, employees are unaware of the consequences of their actions and hence we witness several cases of wrong behaviour at the workplace. This is because action taken is rarely prompt, resulting in a long drawn and complicated process, which encourages deviation from rules.
People who have worked the world over often state a dip in professionalism and discipline in India when compared to other countries. Why is this happening? It isn't just the lax processes or irresponsible time management, but a lot of it stems down to the basics for developing work discipline. In a country where people spend close to 12 hours at work, respecting policies assumes paramount importance. I can state various other examples; it does not stop just at workplace and extends to the mindset as well. This dialogue is particularly important as we see more women enter the workforce. Work discipline should foster a culture of integrity, learning and ultimately, excellence.
Vineeth SubramanianPGP (class 2013-15), IIM Trichy
Disagree
"Indians are more comfortable with unequal power distribution"
If your office has a strict "no smoking within premises" policy, would you smoke in your cubicle? Would you calmly take an afternoon nap at work? Whenever your manager allocates you tasks that you don't necessarily like, do you slap your manager to communicate your feelings? If your answer is "No" to all three, then you are only demonstrating typical workplace discipline.
In order to draw some broad conclusions about workplace discipline in India, particularly in comparison to the west, I would use Geert Hofstede's cultural dimensions study about the behaviour of people across cultures. Drawn from Hofstede's study of IBM employees of different nationalities, the study reveals, among other things, that Indians endorse high 'power distance' in their workplace as compared to the world average. Power distance is the extent to which less powerful members of an organisation accept unequal distribution of power. In other words, as per the widely accepted study, Indians are more comfortable with unequal power distribution.
It is no wonder that Indians display high workplace discipline. It's the acceptance of power gap and the subsequent tendency to stay within organisational guidelines, which manifest in the form of workplace discipline. So what would be the secret to ensure good workplace discipline? Simple, just make jobs "worth the discipline" for the employees.
Reproduced From Business Today. © 2014. LMIL. All rights reserved.
 

Maran s SpiceJet cuts fleet size to save costsKalanithi Maran's SpiceJet cuts fleet size to save costs
Tommy Wilkes     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 5, 2014  | 18:48 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Kalanithi Maran-owned SpiceJet cut its fleet by about a third in September and will operate 22-24 Boeing planes until at least the middle of 2015, as the loss-making private carrier looks to cut costs.
Chief Operating Officer Sanjiv Kapoor said on Friday that the airline needs fresh capital to end five consecutive quarters of losses. Prior to the September cut, it had been operating 35 planes.
"The decision to shrink is part of our restructuring," Kapoor told Reuters in a telephonic interview.
The airline flew 42 Boeing planes at the end of 2013, and it has cut its daily flights to 275 from 340, the COO said.
SpiceJet ,  the country's second-largest budget carrier, had said last week it was  in early talks with potential investors about an injection of capital.  The airline said in May it was in advanced talks with investors for  funding but no deal materialised.
Kapoor declined to comment on the state of the talks.
The  budget carrier is losing money in a market where competition with  rivals GoAir and IndiGo has kept fares low and operating costs remain  comparatively high, and the majority of the country's larger carriers  are making losses.
SpiceJet's scrip ended 13.78 per cent lower at Rs 15.95 a piece in a flat market at the  Bombay Stock Exchange on Friday and it has lost a quarter of its value  this week.
 
Kapoor also said that the Airports Authority of India (AAI) had reinstated its credit facility after the private carrier resolved all outstanding issues with the regulatory body.
The airports regulator told SpiceJet this week that it must pay in cash for services like landing, parking and luggage handling every time it flies a plane, which typically happens when an airline owes money beyond a certain threshold.
(Reuters)

ICICI Bank to sell its Russian arm to SovcombankICICI Bank to sell its Russian subsidiary to Sovcombank
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 5, 2014  | 20:05 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
ICICI Bank, the country's largest private sector lender, on Friday said it has decided to sell its profit-making Russian subsidiary ICICI Bank Eurasia Limited Liability Company (IBEL) to Sovcombank.
With the selling of its stake, ICICI Bank would exit from Russia and will be left with operation in 18 countries, including India. The private lender will cater to Russian clients through its subsidiaries in other countries.
"... The board of the bank at its meeting held today (Dec 5) approved a proposal for the sale of ICICI Bank's shareholding in ICICI Bank Eurasia Limited Liability Company (IBEL), a non-material wholly-owned banking subsidiary in Russia, to Sovcombank, an unrelated third party Russian bank," it said in a statement.
At September 30, 2014, IBEL had total assets of 4.5 billion rouble and paid-up equity capital of 1.6 billion rouble.
The profit after tax of ICICI's Russian subsidiary, in the six-month period ended September 30, 2014 was 28 million rouble.
IBEL accounted for less than 0.1 per cent of ICICI Bank's consolidated total assets at that date and consolidated profit after tax for the period.
The deal is subject to execution of definitive agreements and regulatory approvals, the bank said.
"The purchase price will be determined on the transaction completion date based on the financial statements of IBEL at that date. The transaction is expected to conclude by the end of the financial year," ICICI Bank said.
The private sector lender acquired the entire paid-up capital of Investisionno-Kreditny Bank LLC (IKB LLC), which was renamed ICICI Bank Eurasia LLC in 2005.
ICICI Bank Eurasia LLC is among the 150 largest Russian banks as per the Interfax data of 2008.
Presently, ICICI Bank Eurasia LLC is offering a wide range of corporate and investments finance products, as well as services for retail customers.
Shares of the ICICI Bank closed at Rs 359.45 a piece, down 2.4 points (or 0.66 per cent) on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).

Mahindra to add bananas to fresh fruit portfolioHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Mahindra to add bananas to fresh fruit portfolio
Our Bureau
Tweet
Kolkata, December 5:  
After apples and grapes, Mahindra & Mahindra Ltd (M&M) will add bananas to its Saboro brand of fresh fruits.
The auto-to-realty major operates in the fresh fruit segment through Mahindra SubhLabh Services.
According to Pawan Goenka, Executive Director, M&M is currently test-marketing unbranded bananas in select markets such as Delhi through organised retail formats.
“We have introduced bananas in select markets. These are, however, unbranded offerings. Once we are confident, we will brand them under Saboro,” he told BusinessLine. The company launched apples in November 2013, and grapes earlier this year. The branded fruits are now available only in Hyderabad.
Goenka did not mention a timeline for the launch of Saboro branded bananas or taking the brand to the rest of the country.
Pricing
According to Goenka, branded fruits are priced at a 5 to 10 per cent premium in India.
Apart from domestic sales, M&M is looking at export opportunities. “We export grapes under the Saboro brand to some countries and are exploring opportunities for the other fruits,” he added.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

Elite fragmentation and securitization in BahrainComments
By Toby Matthiesen December 5
Riot police line up to block protesters from making it to a main highway after hundreds of Bahrainis headed to the streets for a flash march in support of an opposition-called boycott of Saturday’s parliamentary and municipal elections in Diraz, Bahrain, on Nov. 21. (Hasan Jamali/AP)
In February 2011, Bahrain probably had the highest ratio of protesters as part of the citizen population of any of the Arab countries. In the preceding decade, its security establishment, while never totally absent from politics, had become less visible. In mid-March 2011, however, the security forces were able to instigate a broad clampdown against the mobilized public and ensure the survival of the regime within a matter of days. How can this be explained? And what are the enduring consequences of the resurgence of Bahrain’s security state?
The general phenomenon of popular challenge and regime crackdown in Bahrain is not new, of course. Bahrain has experienced mass movements for democratic reform throughout much of its modern history. In most cases, harsh repression and the awarding of extraordinary powers to the security forces effectively ended those cycles of protest. In 1956, the leaders of a cross-sectarian reform movement, the High Executive Committee , were arrested and exiled, and many others were imprisoned at home. In 1965, a broad-based workers’ uprising that paralyzed key parts of the economy was suppressed. Thereafter, the British government installed Ian Henderson, a colonial police officer who had participated in the suppression of the Mau-Mau rebellion in Kenya in the 1950s, as head of security in Bahrain. He would oversee the creation of a special investigations unit to track domestic opponents. This unit was also key in protecting the regime after the ruler Sheikh Isa bin Salman al-Khalifa aborted the parliamentary experiment from 1973-75 and abolished parliament.
Until the late 1970s, the main opposition to the al-Khalifa had come from revolutionary Arab nationalists and communists, and to a certain extent both groups had a cross-sectarian and cross-ethnic base, ensuring that most groups of citizens would be subject to surveillance. But in the late 1970s and in the 1980s, when Shiite Islamists started to become the most powerful political opposition force on the island, security forces started to disproportionately target and police Shiite villages and urban quarters. This intensified during the intifada from 1994-99. But, intriguingly, this was the only period of major political mobilization on the island that was not stopped through a widespread security clampdown and the declaration of martial law. Instead, the accession of King Hamad bin Isa al-Khalifa to the throne led to a general amnesty for political prisoners and exiles, and limited political reforms. In the 2000s, the security services took on a reduced and less visible role. Torture, which was common practice before 1999, largely ceased to be used as a punitive measure against political detainees .
The regime’s answer to the 2011 uprising again brought to the fore the role of the security forces, and the security-minded members of the ruling family. In February 17, 2011, it seemed as if the security forces had retreated and left the Bahraini street to the protesters. Less than a month later, a state of emergency was declared, Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) troops mainly from Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates moved in, and security forces started the perhaps largest crackdown in the history of the island. While the Bahraini Crown Prince Salman bin Hamad al-Khalifa was trying to reach a negotiated agreement with the opposition, other members of the al-Khalifa family, and the security apparatuses, were preparing for the security-solution to the mass protests. As in 1956, 1965 and 1975, the crackdown landed many dissidents and those suspected of being political activists in jail, drove many into exile and radicalized a new generation of activists, some of whom started to advocate the use of violence as a revolutionary tool.
The intensity of this crackdown is explained in part by factional politics within the ruling family. The faction that has its power base in the various security institutions felt deeply threatened by the protest movement. The security minded-factions of al-Khalifa are centered on Prime Minister Khalifa bin Salman al-Khalifa, as well as in a branch of al-Khalifa known as the Khawalids. The Khawalids stem from a different branch of the al-Khalifa family than the king and the crown prince – they are descendants of Khalid bin Ali al-Khalifa and feel disenfranchised in the succession to the throne. They were sidelined by the British but have regained increasing importance over the past decade, and they now hold key positions: Royal Court Minister Khalid bin Ahmad al-Khalifa; Commander of the Bahrain Defense Forces, Khalifa bin Ahmad al-Khalifa; and Minister of Justice Khalid bin Ali al-Khalifa are all Khawalids . Prime Minister Khalifa bin Salman, who has been in his position since 1970, was a focal point of protesters, who were calling for his resignation. So while the king and his son, the crown prince, could have expected to survive in their positions and even potentially be strengthened through a political settlement, the prime minister and the Khawalids would have been weakened, and might have lost their positions. So the “security solution,” which they subsequently imposed on Bahrain, and which led to the dismissal and imprisonment of thousands of people, the deaths of dozens, and the exile of many others, was in some ways a result of elite fragmentation.
Still, Bahrain could not have gone down the securitization route without the strong support of external backers, which for decades have strengthened the security apparatus and provided political cover for rights abuses and authoritarian rule. Despite their large numbers, the protesters could not withstand the crackdown by the security forces militarily. Even though the regime claims the contrary, the vast majority if not all protesters were unarmed. The geography of the small island with no natural hideouts does not lend itself to armed struggle. In addition, the sheer number of the security forces would have been overwhelming (and thousands more have been recruited since 2011). Because they are largely made up of foreigners or naturalized officers, who feel little sympathy with the uprising, there was little danger that they would defect or resist orders. In addition, the arrival of GCC military units and most likely Jordanian Special Forces tinted the military balance even further in the regime’s favor. Finally, the regime increased the sectarian rhetoric and reinforced sectarian divisions that managed to split the island’s population more or less according to sectarian lines. This ensured that while the majority of the population felt alienated by the crackdown, a significant number of (mainly Sunni) citizens supported or at least tacitly accepted it.
Crucially, the international condemnation of the crackdown also remained limited. Political cover by GCC and other Arab and Sunni allies (such as Jordan and Pakistan), as well as important business partners of the GCC in the West, and in particular the old colonial power Britain, ensured that sanctions or any other severe consequences in the international arena did not materialize. Bahrain was also helped by the sheer number of world-historical events unfolding in a short span of time, and attention quickly shifted elsewhere in March 2011, particularly to Libya, where the uprising against Moammar Gaddafi gained pace. Indeed, in her memoir, former U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton acknowledges that the UAE had threatened to pull out of the coalition against Gaddafi if the United States had taken a harsher stance toward the Bahraini regime.
The security forces have since 2011 also been used to further entrench preexisting divisions between urban and recently urbanized and rural areas, and between broadly pro-uprising and pro-regime areas. The heavy policing of pro-uprising neighborhoods and villages, the checkpoints at the entrances to these areas, and the at times total lockdown of such areas for days or weeks and the extensive use of tear gas as a form of collective punishment have become key features of life on the island. These practices are the result of transformations in Bahrain’s urban geography over the past decades, which have seen the massive reclamation of land from the sea and a radical transformation of the built-up areas fueled by, and fueling, real estate speculation. These developments had negative byproducts for villages that were formerly by the sea and for the quality of life in many other areas (groundwater levels, pollution, etc.). In essence, this “spatial-demographic revolution,” as it has been termed, has been a key driver of the uprising, and the security forces have since 2011 been used to strengthen the spatial divisions that Bahrain’s urban planning attempted to achieve in the first place .
Since mid-March 2011 then, the protests have been confined to the villages and outlying suburbs of Manama, while the urban centers of Manama and Muharraq, and the business district, have been policed so heavily that protesters refrain from going there, except for brief flash-mob-like protests that are quickly dispersed. The occupation of Pearl Roundabout, which was a briefly successful attempt to reclaim public space in a country dominated by private and commercial property developers, ended with the destruction of the Pearl Monument and the creation of a (heavily guarded) traffic intersection. So the crackdown and the ensuing heavy policing have further entrenched divisions on the island, and driven the protests out into the periphery. There, however, they continue on a daily basis and with no political solution in sight seem likely to continue for the foreseeable future. A dialogue process that included parts of the opposition has stalled, arguably because the ruling family was not prepared to make significant concessions. Elections for municipal councils and the lower house of the bicameral parliament were boycotted by the opposition, and as a consequence highlighted the political polarization of the island.
The securitization of Bahrain seems difficult to reverse, particularly because it has shifted the power in intra-ruling family struggles more toward the security-minded branches of the family. Shiites are being marginalized even more in key state institutions, while naturalization of Sunnis is ongoing. So the Shiites, who had been one of the constituencies that King Hamad and the crown prince had wooed in the past decade, are becoming less and less important as potential bases of support in intra-regime power struggles. In essence, the security sector has learned to live, and indeed thrive, off the constant demonstrations and the on-going uprising. And so the impetus for a political solution to the grievances that fueled the uprising in the first place is becoming less and less strong, particularly while international pressure on the regime is limited.
Toby Matthiesen is a research fellow in Islamic and Middle Eastern studies at Pembroke College, University of Cambridge. He is the author of “ The Other Saudis: Shiism, Dissent and Sectarianism ,” which outlines the history of political movements among the Shiites of Saudi Arabia and their relationship with the Saudi state. It will be published by Cambridge University Press in January. This essay is part of a Project on Middle East Studies and London School of Economics and Political Science collection on “ The Arab Thermidor: The Resurgence of the Security State .”

Govt kick-starts disinvestment engine with 5% SAIL sell-offComments
The government’s plan to raise capital by disinvesting its stake in various public sector undertakings (PSUs) got off to a flying start on Friday with its offer-for-sale of 5% stake in public steel sector firm Steel Authority of India Ltd (SAIL) getting oversubscribed by over two times, mopping up Rs. 1,715 crore for the national exchequer.
Revenues from selling shares in state-owned companies is critical to the government’s plans to keep the fiscal deficit — shorthand for the amount of money the government borrows to fund its expenses — at 4.1% of GDP in 2014-15.
A shortfall in revenues may prompt the government to raise indirect taxes — it has already done it twice in petrol and diesel in the last two months — hurting prices.
The high demand for shares of SAIL, both with retail investors (oversubscribed 2.6 times) and non-retail sector (oversubscribed 1.8 times), could pave the way for speedier disinvestment in various other PSUs.
“In order to facilitate retail investors, a 5% price discount was offered to them,” a finance ministry statement said.
In September, the government had approved share sale plans in three major state-owned companies — Coal India Ltd (CIL), NHPC and Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC) — that can potentially earn the exchequer about Rs. 44,000 crore.
There are, however, a few roadblocks that the government may have to overcome. Upstream firms such as ONGC sell crude to domestic oil retailers at a discount linked to global crude prices.
The discount rate rising over the years and the fall in the crude prices recently has had a bearing on ONGC’s bottomlines. The company wants this issue to be resolved before divesting the government stake.
Labour unions, on the other hand, are opposed to stake sale in CIL, which could upset disinvestment plans and have threatened to go on strike if the government goes ahead with the stake sale.
The government has budgeted to earn Rs. 43,425 crore target by selling shares in public sector companies in 2014-15. Besides, it also hopes to earn another Rs. 15,000 crore by selling minority stakes in non-government firms such as ITC, L&T and Axis Bank.
India has missed its disinvestment target for five consecutive financial years. Last year, it could raise only Rs. 16,027 crore, against the budgeted Rs. 40,000 crore.
The Securities and Exchange Board of India has made it mandatory for listed PSUs to pare government shareholding to 75% within the next three years.

Profits from idle cash not for performance p...comptroller and auditor general
(Any performance related…)
NEW DELHI: The Centre has asked state-run firms not to use profits generated from idle cash balance to give performance allowances to employees, a reiteration that comes amid the government's efforts to drive these companies to undertake capital expenditure.
The public sector units or PSUs have been told that they should deduct the interest accrued from idle cash or bank balance while calculating their profit before tax, a senior official of the heavy industries ministry said, adding that the department of public enterprises will keep a close watch on the PSUs. "We have restated the policy to all public enterprises concerned.
Any performance related pay will be distributed based on profit accruing from core business activities," said the official, who did not wish to be identified. As per the norms, the PSUs can provide for payment of performance related pay to their employees subject to a ceiling of 5% of the profit before tax. PSUs currently have a cash surplus of over Rs 2 lakh crore.
In 2013, the Comptroller and Auditor General had pointed out in its audit report that steel maker SAIL had not adhered to guidelines on performancerelated payment to its employees, which resulted in an irregular outgo of Rs 319.61 crore from 2007-08 to 2010-11. The government, which is set to soon start the process of entering into memorandums of understanding with all state-run enterprises on their expected financial and non-financial targets for the fiscal, has already made the process more stringent.
In 2013-14, PSUs had achieved capital expenditure of Rs 2.48 lakh crore against the projected target of 2.57 lakh crore. "This will be closely monitored and if companies fail to meet their capex targets we do not see any reason to dole out performance pay to employees," the official added. The government will further scrutinise the performance target of each firm and may call the chairman of the PSU concerned to seek an explanation on plausible reasons for overachievement, if it feels that the company has under pitched the target.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Govt hopes to have adequate spectrum for au...endorsements
(The telecom minister recently…)
NEW DELHI: The telecom minister hopes to have adequate amount of spectrum available for mobile phone operators who take part in the upcoming spectrum auction, comments that will bring cheer to carriers.
"I've had a fruitful meeting with the defence ministry. My objective is to have a fair auction with adequate availability of spectrum," Ravi Shankar Prasad , also the IT minister , said while speaking at the fourth ET Telecom Awards on Friday.
His comments come amid demands from operators for holding simultaneous 2G and 3G auction in February, which will ensure higher availability of airwaves and thus limit bidding levels.
The telecom minister recently held talks with defence minister to release more 3G spectrum for commercial use in return for 2G spectrum. Prasad said that he expects the telecom industry's health to improve going forward, helped by the government's transparent policies. Speaking on domestic manufacturing, Prasad said that the government has given initiatives to bring down imports, specially in electronics. Incentives such as provision of Rs 50 crore for 50 acres that a state government offers, would promote the government's Make in India program, he added.
The government has also cleared nine manufacturing clusters across India, the first of which will come up in Madhya Pradesh.
Domestic manufacturing will provide further impetus to the government's Rs1.13 lakh crore Digital India program, which aims to connect India's 250,000 gram panchayats with internet using which Indians can avail government services even in remote areas, through smartphones. The spread of digital infrastructure will lead to explosion of e commerce, e-entertainment and other services. The government plans to lay about 700,000 kilometres of optical fibre network to connect all village panchayats by high speed broadband services by 2016, which is Prime Minister Narendra Modi's key project.
India has about 1 million kilometer of optic fibre (OFC) installed in last 25 years. Government has set a target to roll out OFC network for high speed broadband services across 50,000 village panchayat by end of this financial year, 1 lakh by March 2016 and another 1 lakh by end of 2016.
The government believes that the ecountry is electronically and telephonically well connected but there is need for digital connectivity so that services are delivered to people on demand besides empowering them.
The government also wants to create new hubs of Information technology services which at the moment are limited to only few cities. "I have asked my officers to come up with incentive driven scheme so that BPOs can be opened in places like Deoria, Gorakhpur, Balia, Seetamarhi, Samastipur, Trichy in Tamil Nadu and Ahmednagar in Maharashtra," Prasad said earlier in the day at an industry event.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Veteran Bapat finally gets a cabinetberthBy: Express News Service | Pune |
Posted: December 6, 2014 5:55 am
The wait for BJP senior Girish Bapat, a five-term MLA from Kasba Peth is over. He has finally been given a cabinet berth in the Devendra Fadnavis government and said he is likely to take charge of Parliamentary Affairs portfolio. Bapat is the second minister from the city after Pune Cantonment MLA Dilip Kamble in the Fadnavis ministry.  Kamble is a minister of state.
Bapat, whose voice has carried the city’s concerns to the House on Friday said he was exhilarated  at having finally got a ministerial berth and has promised to continue to take up Pune’s issues on priority. “I have been regularly voicing concerns of Pune and will focus on traffic, ring road, Metro train and garbage. I have been regularly raising these issues and having got a ministerial berth, I will focus on issues of Pune,” said Bapat.
When asked what portfolio he was likely to get, he said it could be Parliamentary Affairs ministry.
Bapat was earlier expected to make it to the first list of ministers, being among the most senior leaders of the party in the state. Bapat had said he hoped to make it in the first expansion.
It is for the first time in 20 years that Pune city has seen a cabinet minister. Kothrud MLA Shashikant Sutar was the last leader to became a cabinet minister in the BJP-Sena government when the parties were in power in 1995. Bapat, who is known to raise issues in the House was earlier slated to be the Assembly Speaker. With his experience in functioning of the House and the government, he was made chairman of the public accounts committee in the Vidhan Sabha workers said it was known that Bapat was more keen on a cabinet berth than being Speaker.

Wooden beams burnt  danger loomsoverheadWritten by Atikh Rashid | Pune |
Posted: December 6, 2014 5:50 am
A month after a fire gutted the dormitory for women on the first floor of Pune railway station, it remains closed for want of repairs. A nearby block occupied by the Government Railway Police — this office housed the GRP’s wireless office, crime records library and served as a retiring room for cops — remains pitch dark. Electricity supply has not been restored. The wooden pillars that virtually turned into charcoal haven’t been replaced and those working at this block face a constant fear of the roof caving in.
The crime records have been shifted but are exposed to another danger, termite and mice. The railway administration had refurbished the CCTV camera control room which was also damaged in the fire but there has been no progress in getting  the dormitory and the GRP block refurbished.
Newsline visited these blocks to find GRP men working and resting in the “ruins” of the office. The walls are black with smoke, wooden furniture is burnt and there’s no electricity. The crime records library has been shifted to chowky on the ground floor, but the wireless office still functions from the dilapidated block. The work of the accounts department, which managed the salaries of cops has also been affected. The policemen stumble in the dark to locate their suitcases to store their belongings.
“A lot of us rest here during off-duty hours. There are others who have to spend the entire day working at the wireless office. There’s no lighting arrangements here. During the day you have to fumble but you can still find your stuff. Post 6 am, the room is difficult to enter. Also, since the wooden pillar has been burnt, we never know when the roof will come crashing down,” said a police constable who requested anonymity.
Next to this block, the dormitory for women remains closed for want of repair. The dormitory is meant for providing accommodation at nominal charge to female passengers who need to spend the night at the station. The beds and furniture inside the dormitory have been ruined in the fire and has yet to be replaced.
Abhay Parmar, Police Inspector, GRP said they have informed the railway administration about the problems but there hasn’t been any positive response so far.
“Our work has been severely affected since the block housed three important sections. The crime records were hurriedly shifted to the chowky but we can’t keep them there for long. They are already being attacked by termite and mice. These are important documents which we need to provide in courts. Anybody involved in a crime incident can come to claim a copy of the document up to 30 years. We requested continued…

I dont agree with Obamas views on Modi: Rahulnational politics
Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi on Thursday said he does not agree with U.S. President Barack Obama's views that Prime Minister Narendra Modi was the ‘man of action’ and that he was shaking up the “bureaucratic inertia.” He criticised Mr. Modi's way of functioning and charged him with trying to control everything from Delhi.
Lamenting that the BJP-led government at the Centre failed to give real power in the hands of poor people and that the BJP wanted to control everything, Mr. Gandhi, who is on a two-day trip to his parliamentary constituency Amethi since Wednesday, said: “Praises are a different thing... People should know the truth.”
“Prime Minister has a different thinking...That the entire country is run by sitting in Delhi and all works are carried out and the entire development is supervised from Delhi,” he added. “On the other hand, my thinking is that people should get benefits of the Panchayti Raj, the MGREGA, the Right to Information and the Right to Food and Education...This is the difference between the thinking of those in power and ours. We want to give power and strengthen women and youths,” he said at a function here.
Mr. Gandhi, who inaugurated a new building of Indira Gandhi eye hospital and took part in some other functions besides meeting villagers from his constituency, had to face a peculiar protest from some of his partymen who raised pro-Priyanka Gandhi slogans in front of him and demanded that she be given the charge of the Congress to take on challenge being posed by Mr. Modi and BJP president Amit Shah.
Meanwhile, Congress president Sonia Gandhi on Thursday began her two-day visit to her Lok Sabha constituency Rae Bareli where she met residents of over half-a-dozen villages and discussed problems being faced by them. She also inspected the rail coach factory which is coming up in her constituency. She also met some protesting teachers when they tried to block her cavalcade demanding better wages.

Babri demolition: Youth vote for development over disputeDecember 6, 1992 was a black letter day in India’s history when a political rally turned violent and Hindu hardliners demolished a 16th century mosque in Ayodhya.
Advertisement
The demolition, which resulted in riots that lasted weeks and killed over 2,000 people, remains a major political and religious talking point among country’s leaders and a large part of its population. But for most of those born in the post-demolition era, the Ayodhya dispute is a non-issue.
Several youth from both Hindu and Muslim communities told HT that they believe the dispute is a thing of the past and should remain that way. India has bigger things to worry about, they say.
Many of them, who were either not born then or were just toddlers when the incident occurred, said political parties and people should focus on the country’s future, and that digging the issue out every now and then in the name of religion or for political reasons was blasphemy in itself.
“I was a small child in Lucknow when the Babri Masjid was demolished. The demolition never affected my life,” said Samina Bano, 30, an educationist and founding chairperson of Bharat Abhyudaya Foundation, Lucknow.
The IIM Bengaluru graduate further urged all stakeholders to bury this issue and focus on developing together as a nation. “As a responsible adult dedicated to finding answers to the real problems plaguing our country, like quality of elementary education, I urge the Centre and state governments, political parties and members of the public, both Hindus and Muslims, to take this opportunity to demonstrate our progressive vision to the world and build the largest school, hospital or university on that land,” she said.
Samina said she would want the piece of land to become a symbol of communal harmony and development. “If building a Ram temple (on the site) can bring peace to the country, I won’t mind it being built.”
Shantanu, a college student equated the rhetorical debate on Ayodhya dispute to “scratching an old wound”. 
“It just causes more pain and doesn’t let the wound heal. Religion is important, but what’s more important is faith and what religions preach; no religion preaches violence. It is important for the government to give priority to issues that are affecting the population of our country. India has the youngest population in the world. We need to tap this resource before it diminishes,” he said.
“It is time we settle this matter so we can invest our energy towards our country’s economic prosperity and social harmony. Let’s focus on issues like job creation,” said 22-year-old social worker Taruka Srivastava.
Priyesh Gupta, a medical aspirant, now 18, was born in the post-demolition era. “I don’t know whose land it was or is. But if there is God and if you have faith in Him, then rest assured He doesn’t want people to fight over a piece of land,” he said.
 

Keep an ear to the ground: Listen to the Rohtak girls dispassionatelyprint
Two girls from Rohtak become national icons after they bashed up three ‘molesters’ in a bus while no one came to their help. The incident instantly became a rage in the media. What happened next is worrying, but not surprising. No one wanted to miss this incident: Women empowerment, molester-bashing and cynicism. Even my parents were in awe of the girls. “This is how it should be. Girls should just beat up boys like this,” my mother said. And, she wasn’t the only one.
The three men were arrested and sent to jail. Two of them had cleared physical and medical tests for the Indian Army but their recruitment process has been terminated. Meanwhile, one of the eyewitnesses wrote his version of the incident on Facebook. He blamed the girls. And then a second video with the same girls beating and abusing another man surfaced.
Three days and three disrupted lives later people are now doubting the videos. And here we are back again to our presumptuous selves, no lessons learnt. We’re now focusing attention on questioning the girls we called ‘bravehearts’, a word we so strongly associate with the December 16 gang rape victim. And, here we are back to making snap judgments. The girls could be telling the truth, but we must hear them dispassionately.
When I write ‘we’ it’s not just the media I’m blaming. Unless it is politics, consumers of news mostly lap up everything, no questions asked. Everyone’s impatient, intent on reaching a conclusion right away and everyone wants to be politically correct. Imagine if anyone had questioned the veracity of the video and the girls’ accusations the day the story broke, he or she would’ve been shamed on social media platforms and accused of indulging in victim-blaming and patriarchy and stripped of any credit.
Spare a thought, also, for the security of these girls. With their faces plastered everywhere, they are vulnerable to attacks by those looking for revenge or those looking to ‘teach them a lesson’. Further, if the two fail to prove their allegations, they will never get help if real need arises tomorrow.
‘Rohtak Bravehearts’ and ‘Rohtak Molesters’ are easy hashtags, but trending news shouldn’t help men get away with molesting women or help women seeking 15 minutes of fame. Let’s pray that our spirited social media activity actually makes a worthwhile difference.
Twitter: @saxenavishakha

Nepal stops airing of TV show satirising NarendraModiBy: Press Trust of India | Kathmandu |
Posted: December 6, 2014 9:32 am | Updated: December 6, 2014 10:52 am
Nepal has stopped the telecast of one of the episodes of a popular satirical TV show on its national channel for reportedly caricaturing Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Nepal Television (NTV) prevented the telecast of one of the episodes of the TV show Tito Satya, meaning bitter truth, Thursday.
The NTV’s editorial board withdrew the episode saying that part of it needed to be edited, Prakash Jung Karki, Programme Director of the channel, said.
“It was not a big issue, just that the editorial team wanted to edit a small segment and due to the lack of time, the episode was withdrawn,” he said.
There is a caricature of Modi, but I do not think there is anything that damages the image of the Indian Prime Minister, Karki said. The show will be telecast next Thursday, he said.
However, reports said that the episode was not aired for caricaturing Modi.
“It is against the freedom of expression and our constitutional rights,” said Deepak Raj Giri, Producer and popular comedian of the show.

Kashmir will be freed  1971 will be avenged  warns Hafiz SaeedComments
Mumbai terror attacks mastermind Hafiz Saeed criticised New Delhi on Friday for conducting what he termed were sham elections in Kashmir and said “the battle of Indian subcontinent is inevitable”.
Hafiz Saeed, the head of Jamaat-ud-Dawa and Mumbai attacks mastermind, gestures to the media as he arrives to attend a rally organised by the Defence Council of Pakistan in Peshawar. (Reuters file photo)
Saeed also asked why Prime Minister Narendra Modi was “visiting Kashmir again and again”, saying this was part of a larger conspiracy to silence the people of the state.
 
The Jamaat-ud-Dawah (JuD) chief addressed a party convention in Lahore on a day alleged Pakistan-sponsored militants staged a string of attacks in the Valley.
 
“Ghazwae Hind is inevitable, Kashmir will be freed, 1971 will be avenged and Ahmedabad Gujrat victims will get justice Insha Allah,” Saeed tweeted.
 
Thousands of people arrived in Lahore this week to participate in the two-day convention that began at the Minar-e-Pakistan grounds on Friday. Many of those attending are volunteers and members of the JuD recruited after the outfit carried out relief work in the country through its social welfare wing, the Falah-e-Insaniyat Foundation (FIF).
 
The BJP wanted to win in Kashmir by foul means to give an impression to the world that Kashmir was not a disputed territory, said Saeed. “We will not let that happen.”
 
The JuD chief said he wanted to get all Pakistani political parties on one platform so they could have a common policy on Kashmir.
 
“We should work in a manner so that there is no confusion over what our stand is,” he said.
 
Saeed said his organisation would continue to “help their Kashmiri brethren on the other side of the border”. In his hour-long speech, he also vowed to extract revenge from India for the role he said New Delhi played in Pakistan’s split in 1971.
 
“No one can stop us in our just struggle,” he said. “They are conspiring against us and India wants us to abandon our nuclear programme”.
 
The JuD chief said the US and Indian governments were trying to silence him, and praised Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif for raising the Kashmir issue in the United Nations without being cowed by the pro-India lobby in Islamabad.
"If India can send troops to Afghanistan to help the US, then Mujahideen have every right to go to Kashmir and help their brethren," he said.
 
The two-day JuD congregation, held with logistical support from the Pakistan government, concluded Friday.
The Nawaz Sharif government had run two special trains from Karachi and Hyderabad in view of the JuD event.
'Mainstreaming of terrorism'
India said Pakistan's support to UN-designated terrorist Saeed and his JuD was "nothing short of mainstreaming of terrorism."
 
"This was an event which took place in national monument in Pakistan. It was an event (for which) large number of police personnel were deployed.
 
"And it was an event by an organisation which is proscribed not only by India but the US, the UK, Australia and the UN... Also it was addressed by an individual who is designated as a terrorist by the UN Securitry Council," external affairs ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said.
(With PTI inputs)

Modi meets CMs Sunday on reshaping Planning Commission (Lead)Modi meets CMs Sunday on reshaping Planning Commission (Lead)
Costs of adapting to impacts of climate change much more than previous estimates: UNreportILE - In this April 3, 2014 file photo, machines dig for brown coal at the open-cast mining Garzweiler in front of a power plant emitting steam near the city of Grevenbroich in western Germany. (Source: AP)
Written by Amitabh Sinha | Express At Lima |
Posted: December 6, 2014 10:09 am | Updated: December 12, 2014 10:45 am
Reinforcing the enormity of the challenge in dealing with climate change, a new UN report has said that even if greenhouse gas emissions were cut in the most optimistic manner from now on, the costs of adapting to the impacts of climate change would be at least two to three times more than previous estimates of just a few months earlier.
In a first-ever Adaptation Gap report, the UN Environment Programme has said that current projections of an annual requirement of $70 to $100 billion in adaptation costs by 2050 might prove to be a gross underestimate. The amount needed might be at least two to three times that figure, it said.
The figure of $70 to $100 billion per year by 2050 had been estimated by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) whose Fifth Assessment Report, released in four parts over the last one year, is the most comprehensive assessment of the scientific basis of climate change ever. The IPCC estimates were based largely on 2010 data of World Bank.
But the UNEP report, released here on Friday, said South Asia, one of the most vulnerable regions, alone might require an average of between $30 to $40 billion for adaptation every year.
Globally, the money required could be as high as $150 billion per year by 2025 or 2030 and between $250 to $500 billion per year by 2050, it said. And these are estimates of best case scenarios when adequate action is taken to rein in greenhouse gas emissions in order to keep the average temperature rise to within 2 degree Celsius as compared to 1850.
“In cases of higher warming pathways, post 2030 cost of adaptation or residual damages are likely to rise very significantly due to higher levels and rate of change and the greater level of anticipatory adaptation,” the report said.
It said in business as usual scenario, the costs to adapt could be as high as $1 trillion per year.
Last month, the UNEP had come out with the Emissions Gap report, an annual analysis of the gap between where the current efforts to cut emissions will take us and what science says must be done to keep temperatures below 2 degree rise. It had said that to meet the 2 degree goal, countries needed to ensure at least 55 per cent cut in emissions compared to 2010 levels by 2050. The emissions needed to be reduced further to net zero somewhere between 2080 and 2100.
The Adaptation Gap report comes at a time when developing countries, continued…

Indian ADRs: HDFC Bank Tata Motors gain; Dr Reddy s slipsDec 06, 2014, 09.56 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Indian ADRs: HDFC Bank,Tata Motors gain; Dr Reddy's slips
In the banking space, ICICI Bank was up 0.76 percent at USD 61.26 and HDFC Bank rose 0.57 percent at USD 51.11.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Indian ADRs: HDFC Bank,Tata Motors gain; Dr Reddy's slips
In the banking space, ICICI Bank was up 0.76 percent at USD 61.26 and HDFC Bank rose 0.57 percent at USD 51.11.
Post your opinion here
 
Indian ADRs ended mixed on Friday. In the IT space, Infosys shed 1.56 percent at USD 67.33 and Wipro declined 1.16 percent at USD 12.82.
In the banking space, ICICI Bank was up 0.76 percent at USD 61.26 and HDFC Bank rose 0.57 percent at USD 51.11.
In the other sectors, Tata Motors gained 1.12 percent at USD 45.90 and Dr Reddy's Laboratories dipped 2.01 percent at USD 54.74.
RELATED NEWS

Nepal prevents airing of TV show episode satirising PM ModiDec 06, 2014 at 09:40am IST
Nepal prevents airing of TV show episode satirising PM Modi
53
1
Kathmandu: Nepal has stopped telecast of one of the episodes of a popular satirical TV show on its national channel for reportedly caricaturing Prime Minister Narendra Modi who visited the country twice within four months.
Nepal Television (NTV) prevented the telecast of one of the episodes of TV show 'Tito Satya', meaning bitter truth, on Thursday.
The NTV's editorial board withdrew 576th episode of the show, citing that some part of the episode need to be edited, Prakash Jung Karki, Programme Director of the television channel, said.
Nepal Television (NTV) prevented the telecast of one of the episodes of TV show 'Tito Satya', meaning bitter truth, on Thursday.
#nepal #india #narendra modi #nepal tv show
"It was not a big issue, just that the editorial team wanted to edit a small segment and due to the lack of time, the episode was withdrawn from airing yesterday," he said.
There is a caricature of Prime Minister Modi, but I do not think there is anything that damages the image of the Indian Prime Minister, Karki said.
The show will be telecast next Thursday after some editing in the episode, he said.
However, reports said that the episode was not aired for caricaturing Modi.
The Indian leader has become popular in Nepal after his two visits to the country within a period of just four months. After he assumed office in May, Modi became the first Indian premier to visit Nepal in 17 years when he made his first visit to the country in August.
Nepal and India have signed a number of agreements on various projects with an investment totaling USD 3 billion during the two visits of Prime Minister Modi.
"It is against the freedom of expression and our constitutional rights," said Deepak Raj Giri, Producer and popular comedian of the show.
"In a democratic country, we have all rights to enjoy and to make satire on anyone," said Giri in a facebook post.
266

Cartoon of the day: Terror looms large on India-Pakistan tiesmore »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Class 11 student shot in Ghaziabad  assailants try to burn bodyClass 11 student shot in Ghaziabad, assailants try to burn body
Hindustan Times  Ghaziabad, December 06, 2014
First Published: 09:07 IST(6/12/2014) | Last Updated: 10:56 IST(6/12/2014)
Comments
Unidentified assailants shot dead a 17-year-old class 11 student and tried to burn his body in a jungle in Ghaziabad on Thursday night.
The body of the victim - Devendra Gaur, the son of a retired assistant commandant of the Railway Protection Force - was recovered from a jungle at Mubarakpur village near NH-24 on late Thursday night.
The assailants were trying to burn the victim’s body after dousing it with petrol when some villagers noticed.
Gaur’s family said he had picked up his sister’s two-wheeler and left home to attend his coaching class near his Vijay Nagar residence. The boy did not return and his father got a call from the police around 8.10pm on Thursday about an accident.
“After the initial call, I got another call from the police that the boy had been murdered. I rushed to the spot with my other son and found the bullet-ridden dead body. It smelt of petrol. His two mobile phones were missing,” his father Nath Ram Gaur told HT.
“Before leaving for his class, he had told his mother that he would be late,” he added.
Though the police were clueless about the motive, officials said the murder seemed to be planned as the victim knew his murderers and had arrived at the location on his two-wheeler.
“It seems that the murder was planned as the assailants had brought a bottle filled with petrol. The boy sustained two bullet injuries on his neck and head. He did not attend his coaching on Thursday,” circle officer RK Pandey told HT. The police are trying to track the call details from Gaur’s mobile number.
“His parents denied any rivalry. We have come to know that the victim’s movements were restricted by his parents. Several teams are probing the case from different angles. We have registered a case of murder against unidentified assailants,” Pandey added.

Day after serial attacks  army chief Dalbir Singh to visit KashmirComments
Indian Army chief Dalbir Singh will visit Jammu and Kashmir on Saturday to take stock of the security situation in the state that was hit by terror attacks on Friday claiming the lives of 11 security personnel including a Lt Colonel.
  
Play Pause
Indian Army personnel search for suspected militants as smoke rises from a bunker after a gun battle in Uri on Friday. (Reuters)
Indian defence personnel gather near the scene of a gunfight with suspected rebels on the outskirts of Srinagar. (AFP Photo)
Policemen inspect the site of a gun battle on the outskirts of Srinagar. (AP Photo)
Kashmiri residents look on near the scene of a gunfight between Indian defence personnel and militants on the outskirts of Srinagar. (AFP Photo)
Soldiers take position on a road overlooking an army barrack during a gun battle with militants in Gingal, some 90 kilometers (56 miles) north of Srinagar. (AP Photo)
Indian army soldiers stand near bodies of alleged suspected militants killed in a gun battle in Gingal. (AP Photo)
A Kashmiri child looks out from the window of a residence as Indian paramilitary personnel gather near the scene of a gunfight with militants on the outskirts of Srinagar. (AFP ...
An Indian Army soldier runs for cover near the site of a gun battle in Gingal. (AP Photo)
An army jawan closes the main gate of Mohra Army Camp after an attack near the Line of Control in Uri. (PTI Photo)
Indian soldiers take positions during a gunfight with militants on the outskirts of Srinagar. (AFP Photo)
Indian soldiers look on near the scene of a gunfight with militants on the outskirts of Srinagar. (AFP Photo)
This would be his third visit to militancy-hit state in less than two weeks.
General Singh's visit comes a day after the attacks and gun battles with security forces in Kashmir valley left 21 people dead, including a top commander of Pakistan-based terror outfit LeT and seven militants.
He will be briefed by the army top brass in the Northern Command about Friday's situation as well as security scenario in the state that is in the midst of assembly elections.
In the deadliest attack, heavily-armed militants stormed an army camp in the border town of Uri, killing three policemen and eight army men, including a lieutenant colonel, before the third phase of state elections Tuesday (December 9).
Six militants were also killed in the gun battle that began after the insurgents cut through a wire fence around the heavily-fortified artillery camp and fired rocket-propelled grenades at the security forces in their bunkers. The gunfight lasted close to six hours.
In the other attacks -- all within 12 hours of the Uri strike -- two Lashkar-e-Taiba militants were killed in an encounter in Soura as they tried to sneak into Srinagar while gunmen hurled a grenade at a bus stop in Tral in south Kashmir, killing two civilians and injuring five. Militants also fired at a police search party in Shopian near Srinagar, but there were no casualties.

Vrindavan Advisory buys 5 lakh shares of Adhunik IndustriesDec 06, 2014, 10.23 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Vrindavan Advisory buys 5 lakh shares of Adhunik Industries
Vrindavan Advisory bought 500,000 shares of Adhunik Industries at Rs 153.50 per share on BSE.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Vrindavan Advisory buys 5 lakh shares of Adhunik Industries
Vrindavan Advisory bought 500,000 shares of Adhunik Industries at Rs 153.50 per share on BSE.
Post your opinion here
 
On December 5, 2014 Vrindavan Advisory bought 500,000 shares of  Adhunik Industries  at Rs 153.50 per share on BSE.
On Friday, Adhunik Industries closed at Rs 147.20, up Rs 0.15, or 0.10 percent.
The share touched its 52-week high Rs 178.20 and 52-week low Rs 74.10 on 20 October, 2014 and 09 June, 2014, respectively.
RELATED NEWS

NASA s Orion success major boost for Mars missionNASA s Orion success major boost for Mars mission
J&K: After Suicide Attack in Uri  Militants Target SrinagarJ&K: After Suicide Attack in Uri  Militants Target Srinagar
US condemns terrorist attacks in KashmirUS condemns terrorist attacks in Kashmir
Gail inks gas supply pact with WGL for liquefaction in USGail inks gas supply pact with WGL for liquefaction in US
India Against Russia Sanctions  to Add Vigour to Ties in Vladimir Putin-NarendraIndia Against Russia Sanctions  to Add Vigour to Ties in Vladimir Putin-Narendra
Don`t think about shorting sail now for 78/76. hold tight thru decembe...New Member
2 Followers
The problem with SAIL is its huge man power,not rearered in private sector,though its assets are reasonably priced. It is over priced by 20% and may come down to 65 levels. Upside is 100 rs.
In reply to : dipankar_ghosh message
11.37 AM Dec 6th

Sunidhi securities recommendation for a buy target of rs.185.Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Crude price retest recent lows and likely to go below 65$. i think ioc...Gold Member
42 Followers
Crude price retest recent lows and likely to go below 65$. I think IOC has bottomed out, and Monday u may see huge short covering. Buy on declines ???
In reply to : Guest message
11.01 AM Dec 6th

See the delivery% of friday around 50%..... most of the big shots accu...Platinum Member
57 Followers
What is your avge buying price ? Many times it has given opportunity to exit @ my buying lvl,greediness to exit @ 22-24 lvl , made me to hold this share since 1.5 yrs ? since long del.precentage is good only but it is only news driven share ! No STAKE SALE , NOTHING ..... But it goes again to 20 lvls soon.

Oil from Bombay High cause for tar balls on Gujarat coast: NIOA file photo of tar ball deposits on the stretch of Colva beach in south Goa.
Panaji, Dec 4:  
Scientists at Goa-based National Institute of Oceanography (NIO) have found that the source of tar balls deposited along the Gujarat coast are from Bombay High oil fields or nearby rigs.
Tar ball is the remnant of oil spills formed in the sea after weathering processes.
The research conducted by NIO scientists on the tar ball samples collected from South Gujarat’s Tithal, Maroli, Umbergaon and Nargol beaches found that its probable source locations are in the vicinity of Bombay High oil fields.
NIO is an institution of Council for Scientific and Industrial research (CSIR), and is a central government entity.
Scientists conducted fingerprint test on the tar ball samples and various oil samples collected from the Bombay High, Cairn and Niko firms to reach a conclusion.
The results were further compared with the published data of Middle East Crude Oil (MECO) and South East Crude Oil (SEACO) and they were not matching, cementing the claim that the oil was from Bombay High and surrounding oil rigs.
The findings have been published in the American Chemical Society’s Journal “Environmental Science and Technology“.
The researchers also found that winds, tides and currents play a major role in transporting tar balls to the Gujarat coast.
“But the question is whether it is the operational spill in the Bombay high oil fields or natural seepage from the basin, which is the cause for the formation of the tar ball,” reads the paper, which examined the tar balls that surfaced on these beaches in July 2012.
The scientists of the CSIR-NIO said that detailed research has to be conducted to answer the question whether it is due to natural seepage, transportation of crude oil or operational spills in the water.
Tar balls appearance is a common phenomenon during pre monsoon to monsoon (April to September) along the west coast of India from Gujarat in the North to Karwar in the South.
The NIO has also initiated similar study on the tar balls collected from Goa beaches in 2013, whose initial results, have also pointed out that the Bombay High might be the source of pollution.
(This article was published on December 4, 2014)
Related

Shiv Sena to join Devendra Fadnavis-led BJP government in MaharashtraShiv Sena to join BJP-led govt in Maharashtra
Shiv Sena to join BJP-led govt in Maharashtra
Fadnavis had met Amit Shah in New Delhi on Tuesday and is believed to have got the nod for BJP probables in the expansion exercise.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: Shiv Sena will formally become part of the BJP-led state government in Maharashtra on Friday. The Fadnavis government will no longer be in minority in the state assembly and will have a strength of 185 in an House of 288 with the addition of 63 Sena MLAs. Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis announced on Thursday that Sena would be joining the state government. Sena will get 12 ministerial positions in this government out of which five will be Cabinet berths. "People of Maharashtra have given a verdict against Congress and NCP.
They have given a verdict for the two former alliance partners BJP and Shiv Sena to rule. We are happy that the Sena is joining our government. The swearing-in of the new ministers will happen on Friday. In all 12 ministers of Shiv Sena and close to 10 ministers from BJP will be accommodated in the state government. Out of these, about 10 from each party will be sworn-in first on Friday. Rest will be accommodated later.
Nothing has been decided about the portfolios. The names and the portfolios distribution will be decided by Friday morning," Fadnavis announced in Mumbai. Not just Sena's participation in the government but overall alliance between BJP and Shiv Sena seems to have been revived as Fadnavis also announced the formation of a co-ordination committee which will decide how to co-operate in the upcoming municipal elections in Maharashtra.
"We have decided that a two-party co-ordination committee will be formed which will decide on seat-sharing and other issues involved in all municipal corporations in the state where we share power or will be fighting together", Fadnavis added. BJP has decided to accommodate 12 Sena ministers and has left the decision about names with the Sena leadership. "Our leader will decide the names of Sena ministers.
His decision will be final. We will be part of this government from Friday but we have not been told anything about the portfolios" Sena spokesperson Neelam Gorhe said. With Shiv Sena and BJP coming together, NCP plans to stake claim for the leader of the opposition's position in the assembly.

Now  smart clothes that can monitor your healthLetters to the editor
Your clothes may soon monitor your glucose levels, heart rhythm and brain activity and send this crucial information to a doctor for quick analysis!
Scientists have developed new smart textiles that monitor and transmit wearers’ biomedical information via wireless or cellular networks.
The research at the Laval University in Quebec clears a path for a host of new developments for people suffering from chronic diseases, elderly people living alone, and even firemen and police officers.
A team under the supervision of Professor Younes Messaddeq created the smart fabric by successfully superimposing multiple layers of copper, polymers, glass, and silver.
“The fibre acts as both sensor and antenna. It is durable but malleable, and can be woven with wool or cotton. And signal quality is comparable to commercial antennas,” said Messaddeq, Canada Excellence Research Chair in Photonic Innovations.
The surface of the fibre can also be adjusted to monitor a range of information such as glucose levels, heart rhythm, brain activity, movements, and spatial coordinates.
A patent application has already been filed, though certain elements still need to be fine-tuned before the innovation is ready for commercialisation, researchers said.
“Of course, the technology will have to be connected to a wireless network, and there is the issue of power supply to be solved,” said Messaddeq.
“We have tested a number of solutions, and the results are promising. We will also have to make sure the fabric is robust, and can stand up to chemicals found in laundry detergent,” Messaddeq added.
The research was published in the journal Sensors.
TAGS: Laval University
More from miscellaneous
AAP comes out with a song to boost its campaign Aam Aadmi Party has come up with a song which is being played at all the rallies and meetings addressed by party chief Arvind Kejriwal and other leaders.

Fadnavis orders bureaucrats to cut red-tapism for faster approvals of projectsDevendra Fadnavis
(Fadnavis assured industrialists…)
MUMBAI: Within a month of taking over as Chief Minister of Maharashtra, Devendra Fadnavis has ordered bureaucrats to cut red tape and ensure faster approvals for new industrial projects. Taking cue from CM's guidelines, the Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation has decided to relax most conditions for investors seeking to launch a new project. Now the total number of permissions required for new projects has been brought down to five from 14. CM has also ordered that renewal of factory licences should happen in three days or else it would be considered as deemed renewal.
Just a week ago, the CM held a meeting with business leaders who already have large manufacturing projects in the state. He assured industrialists that he was looking into ways to cut down required permissions to start a new venture in the state from 76 to a minimum level.
Fadnavis had also assured the industrialists that a single-window system for project clearance will be introduced soon. MIDC has now come out with a scheme of making just five clearances mandatory and other conditions have been relaxed. "Taking up the challenge of increasing ease of business and working within one week after directions from CM, the MIDC has reduced total number of permissions from 14 to five for commissioning factories in their zones. The required permissions will be land allotment, mortgage, building plan approval, fire NOC and building completion certificate," said Praveensingh Pardeshi, principal secretary in CM's office.
FEATURED ARTICLES

BJP Karnataka plans Twitter war against SiddaramiahBeginning December 25, BJP Karnataka plans Twitter war against Siddaramiah
By Sowmya Aji, ET Bureau | 5 Dec, 2014, 01.23AM IST
The BJP has worked out a strategy to use the very same weapons that Siddaramaiah has opted for, the internet and the smartphone. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BENGALURU: A meeting of 'nationalistic' twitterati organised by BJP Karnataka will chalk out a step-bystep user framework to show up 'flaws' in the Siddaramaiah administration. They intend to do this by contrasting the state programmes and implementation with the 'good governance' of the Narendra Modi government.
The December 7 timing of the BJP meet is interesting, as the very next day, the state government is set to go mobile. Karnataka will be introducing an app and an interactive voice portal through which almost all government services and 3,644 private services can be accessed by citizens "at their fingertips," according to the CM's e-invite.
The BJP has worked out a strategy to use the very same weapons that Siddaramaiah has opted for, the internet and the smartphone. They will train their supporters among the tweeple to highlight how the Karnataka government has 'failed in good governance' and how the systems being put in place by Modi works better.
"In the background of former prime minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee's birthday on December 25 being marked as 'Good Governance Day,' we decided to hold this meeting of our tweeple supporters," BJP state spokesperson and MLA S Suresh Kumar told ET. "We will draw up a user framework for the twitterati, to respond and to twee,t on the Karnataka administration and about the good work done by the Modi government," he said.
BJP Karnataka, through its twitter handle, has been tweeting about the meet from a week. "The Tweet meet will be addressed by national general secretary (organisation) BL Santosh and by state leaders including co-chairman of the national membership drive, CT Ravi," BJP Karnataka IT cell chief Chennamallikarjuna said.
Around 350 tweeple are expected to participate. The state's IT cell is the only one in the country to organise such meetings with the twitterati and formally chalk out attack and defend strategies. In January 2013, ahead of the state assembly polls, party national leaders and current Union minister Arun Jaitley and Ravishankar Prasad had addressed a similar 'Tweet meet', which, the party felt, had "wide-ranging impact." Suresh Kumar said the meet on
Sunday will also take suggestions from the twitterati on making the BJP strategy more effective. The IT cell has been receiving suggestions galore from supporters from several months on both the failures of the Siddaramaiah government and the performance of the Modi government, according to Chennamallikarjuna.
The state Congress admits that it is in no shape to take on this new challenge from the BJP. A young leader, who declined to be identified, rued: "Even a major event like the release of the Modi government U-turn booklet by Ajay Makhen in New Delhi was not conveyed in advance to us to popularise or discuss on social media.
Most of our leaders have still not read that booklet. With our counter-strategy to the BJP in such disarray, taking them on, on Twitter, will be a difficult task."

Union ministers may be asked to visit Kashmir valley every monthUnion ministers may be asked to visit Kashmir valley every month
By Nistula Hebbar , ET Bureau | 5 Dec, 2014, 04.00AM IST
At Arun Jaitley’s well-attended meet for the wellheeled at the Srinagar convention centre, there were barely any questions on Article 370. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: BJP's efforts to woo people in the Kashmir valley will continue even after election day. According to top sources in government, Union ministers may be asked to visit the state by rotation, one every month, to keep an ear to the ground. The party is encouraged by well-attended meetings addressed by BJP leaders.
"The chemistry in the valley is now towards a more developmental narrative. Local businessmen and entrepreneurs eager to expand businesses and the younger generation are very keen to break the narrative of extremism," said a top minister. At finance minister Arun Jaitley's well-attended meet for the wellheeled at the Srinagar convention centre, there were barely any questions on Article 370 and the repeal of the Armed Forces Special Powers Act.
"Instead the questions were about business incentives, central support, tourism issues, and scholarship schemes which had been discontinued midstream. There were demands for interest rate subvention for loans given out under flood relief," said a source close to FM. Earlier in the year, Power Minister Piyush Goyal had also held a meeting with stakeholders in the state and entrepreneurs as well who had concrete demands from the ministry. The five hour meeting was reportedly an eye-opener for the minister as well.
"This would be a good way to tap into the aspirations of the younger generation, quite separate from the narrative of the 1990s and early 2000s," said a source. BJP has little hope of opening its account in the Valley, but feel that the silence of Article 370 and moves like immediately condemning accidental shooting of two innocent commuters in Srinagar last month would help it make headway into a state.

BJP gains in polls after every riot  says Yale studyBJP gains in polls after every riot, says Yale study
By DP Bhattacharya , ET Bureau | 5 Dec, 2014, 04.00AM IST
0
Share More
The paper maintains that while the Hindu-Muslim riots are electorally costly for the Congress, these riots in effect strengthen the “ethno-religious parties. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
GANDHINAGAR: While many within the Congress blame its electoral debacle to the party's obsession with "minority appeasement", a recent study conducted by three political scientists of the Yale University claim that had Congress lost all close elections between 1962 and 2000, there could have been 10% more communal riots in the country.
Gareth Nellis, Michael Weaver, Steven Rosenzweig, political scientists from the Yale University in their paper titled "Do parties matter for ethnic violence? Evidence from India", have maintained that "the election of a single Congress MLA in a district brought about a 32% reduction in the probability of a riot breaking out prior to the next election. Simulations reveal that had Congress candidates lost all close elections in our dataset, India would have faced 10% more riots and thousands more riot casualties".
"The pacifying effect of Congress incumbency appears to be driven by local electoral considerations, in particular the party's exceptionally strong linkages to Muslim voters during the period we investigate," they have written. They further maintain that "riots produce ethnic polarization that benefits ethno-religious parties at the expense of the Congress". The paper maintains that while the Hindu-Muslim riots are electorally costly for the Congress, these riots in effect strengthen the "ethno-religious parties at the expense of multi-ethnic ones like the Congress".
Analysing the effect of riots on the vote share of "Hindu nationalist parties", the paper notes that "the BJS/BJP saw a 0.8 percentage point increase in their vote share following a riot in the year prior to an election". "The polarization of the electorate induced by riots disadvantages Congress in subsequent elections, making it counter-productive for the party's affiliates to instigate riots following an electoral loss," the paper notes.
"In addition, local Muslim voters — on whom the Congress depended for votes — would presumably have looked unfavorably towards Congress orchestrating riots in which Muslims were the principal victims. This would make instigating riots a highrisk strategy where there are large Muslim populations, yet this is precisely where we find the effect of Congress to be strongest," the paper adds.
"India itself underwent traumatizing paroxysms of Hindu-Muslim violence during the partition of the subcontinent in 1947; there were fears following independence that enmity stemming from this cleavage would again tear the country apart," the paper notes.
It adds: "The paramount importance of Congress's role is underscored by the fact that our estimates likely place a lower bound on its true impact. Taken in conjunction with the main result, our secondary finding that riots reduce subsequent Congress vote shares raises the possibility of a feedback loop or multiplier effect, whereby the outbreak of Hindu-Muslim violence causes Congress to lose votes and seats, which in turn leads to more riots, and so on in a vicious cycle."

Rupee to weaken further  fall to 62.50 in a year: PollIndian rupee to weaken further, fall to 62.50 in a year: Poll
Sumanta Dey     Bangalore   Last Updated: December 5, 2014  | 14:04 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The Indian rupee will fall further against the US dollar over coming months, according to analysts in a Reuters poll who predict a broad dollar rally based on expectations the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates later in 2015.
The poll of over 30 currency strategists, conducted this week, predicted  one US dollar will fetch Rs 62 in a month, Rs 62.50 in six months and  62.50 in a year against Friday's rate of around 61.80.
If the  one-year prediction is met, it would be the weakest rate for the  currency since February 2014, when investors dumped emerging market  assets, in the wake of the Fed announcing its eventual withdrawal from  its stimulus programme.
For its part, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) hinted this week that a rate cut was possible early next year if inflation continued to slow and the government met its deficit target. That sent government bond yields to their lowest since mid-2013.
The Chinese yuan, on the other hand, which the People's Bank of China manages, will likely appreciate a little even with another rate cut expected soon following a surprise rate cut two weeks ago.
"The dollar trend is something that's hard to ignore and a weaker rupee is not really a reflection of India's fundamentals, " said Christopher Wong, analyst at Maybank. "It looks like the dollar will continue to rise next year on interest rate hike expectations from the Fed, although I think the rally is a bit overextended."
This is in line with a wider Reuters poll which showed on Wednesday the dollar will steam ahead against major currencies such as the euro and sterling over the next year.
Since June, the rupee has steadily lost ground, giving up most of the gains it clocked in the first half, as economic growth sputtered and a long-awaited dollar rally took hold. The outlook for the rupee has deteriorated in tandem.
The dim outlook for the rupee comes despite over $36 billion of inflows into Indian equity and debt markets since January and regardless of mounting expectations that economic growth will accelerate from the 5.3 per cent rate, weak by Indian standards, post in the July-September quarter.
Still, the rupee is better placed among its peers given that its current account deficit is narrowing, and its inflation rate is cooling thanks in large part to a spectacular 40 per cent drop in global crude oil prices over the past several months.
China's yuan is expected to slowly strengthen over the next 12 months trading at 6.12 per dollar in one month, then 6.10 in six months and 6.05 in a year.
On Friday, the yuan edged up slightly against the dollar after the PBOC set a stronger midpoint, though it appeared headed for a second straight weekly loss.
(Reuters)

 SAIL Share Sale Oversubscribed: 10 Things to KnowSpiceJet Cancellations Trigger Chaos At Airports
The government on Friday sold 5 per cent stake in state-run Steel Authority of India (SAIL) through offer for sale (OFS) route. It will likely raise Rs 1,700 crore from the open market. Post this share sale, the government's stake in the company will come down to 75 per cent. SAIL is India's second biggest steel manufacturer by market value.
Here are 10 things to know about the share sale:
1) SAIL shares ended at Rs 83.50 on National Stock Exchange, higher than the floor price of Rs 83.
2) The retail category was subscribed 2.58 times. Retail investors will get a discount of 5 per cent to the offer price.
3) The general category was subscribed 1.96 times and total subscription was 2.02 times.
4) In total, 26.65 crore shares were on offer. 2.06 crore shares were reserved for retail investors.
5) Most state-run companies have underperformed the broader markets despite a record rally this year. SAIL shares have risen just over 18 per cent this year, lagging a near 36 per cent rise in the Sensex.
6) Analysts say SAIL is a good option for long-term investors. Market expert Ambareesh Baliga told NDTV that long-term investors, with a 2-3 year horizon, should buy SAIL. "India cannot grow at 8 per cent without growth in infrastructure and steel is an important part of infra sector," he said.
7) According to brokerage Maybank, SAIL shares are likely to be under pressure. Earnings will suffer because of the oversupply in the domestic steel market, it said. Maybank has a hold rating on the stock.
8) The response to Friday's share sale in SAIL paves the way for the planned sale of a 10 per cent stake in Coal India and a 5 per cent stake in Oil and Natural Gas Corp. Stake sales in NHPC, Power Finance Corp and Rural Electrification Corp are also in the pipeline.
9) The bigger Coal India and ONGC stake sales should help the government raise a combined Rs 40,000 crore, as per the current market prices.
10) OFS is a form of share sale which facilitates promoters of an already listed company to sell or dilute their existing shareholding through an exchange based bidding platform.
Story first published on: December 05, 2014 16:58 (IST)

Make in Maha : Third BJP state to loosen up land & labour lawsAfter Rajasthan & Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra the third BJP state to loosen up land, labour laws
By AKSHAY DESHMANE , ET Bureau | 5 Dec, 2014, 07.57AM IST
0
Share More
Among the notable changes, factories employing up to 300 workers can be closed without government permission, compared with the earlier floor of 100 employees.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: The Modi government may not have been able to expedite amendments to the land acquisition or the Industrial Disputes Act, but BJPruled states are pushing ahead on this front. After Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh , Maharashtra is moving to amend both laws as part of a drive to woo investments under its 'Make in Maharashtra' campaign, which is a state-level adaptation of the PM's 'Make in India' campaign.
Nearly a fortnight ago, Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis held separate meetings with top state officials and prominent industrialists, including Mukesh Ambani and Ajay Piramal, to discuss ways and means of boosting the state's manufacturing sector.
The newly elected state government has subsequently decided to work around the strict provisions of UPA's 2013 land acquisition Act by proposing the Centre to include the state's own MIDC Act in the list of exempted laws under which land can be acquired for specific purposes. In case of MIDC, the acquisition will be for industrial purposes.
At this stage, though, it remains unclear if the exemption can be brought into effect by a government notification or if the proposal would require an amendment to the original Act, which would have to be cleared by Parliament.
Officials who attended the meetings confirmed these plans. "We are not against the formula of compensation to land owners decided by the present Act. But we have prepared our case saying that special Acts supersede the general Act; that is our interpretation. Thus, the special Act — in this case the MIDC Act which came into effect in 1961 for orderly establishment of industrial districts to maintain the state's industrial balance — should prevail," said MIDC CEO Bhushan Gagrani.
Gagrani pointed out that this exemption was necessary because acquisition of land for industrial purposes — even for setting up projects on land already under MIDC's control — has been barred under the new land Act.
Another official who attended the CM's meeting said a comprehensive review of labour legislation is also underway. The change will be along the lines of the amendments to the Industrial Disputes Act effected in Rajasthan.
Among the notable changes, factories employing up to 300 workers can be closed without government permission, compared with the earlier floor of 100 employees.
"The proposal mooted first in 2001 for amending the Industrial Disputes Act has been revived.
In fact, a draft of the amendments had received approval from the government of India in 2001 and this will need clearance by the Cabinet and the assembly. Other law being reviewed is the Mathadi Act," said Industries Secretary Apurva Chandra. He acknowledged that the amendments in Rajasthan and MP are being considered as templates while working on the draft amendments to be presented to the Maharashtra assembly.

Move to use Hindi is an act of linguistic assertionLetters to the editor
Goa Governor Mridula Sinha said that use of Hindi language at administrative levels is a welcome step and should be seen as an expression of linguistic and cultural assertion.
Addressing the delegates at fifth Goa Arts and Literature Festival (GALF), Sinha supported the decision of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who has emphasised on the use of Hindi at all levels of government functioning.
“This decision is an act of cultural and linguistic assertion, which is a welcome step for the country,” she said delivering a lecture on “Changing India: The Role of Hindi.”
“Such a decision was taken (to use Hindi) because the PM wanted to keep India alive in foreign countries,” she said adding “this needs huge courage”.
The Governor, who is also a Hindi writer, said that local languages should be taught to children right from their childhood by parents. “The language depicts culture of the family and society at large,” she said, adding, that development of language is not just a mandate of the government but equally a responsibility of parents.
Sinha, who has more than eleven books to her credit, said she feels comfortable speaking in Hindi, though she has command over English language too.
“When I speak in English only my mind works but my heart starts working the moment I speak in Hindi,” she said.
The Governor said when she speaks in Hindi, she can convey her thoughts in a better way.
“I am not against English, but one should feel proud of the mother tongue or local languages,” she said.
GALF was inaugurated yesterday by Singaporean writer Edwin Thumboo. The festival will end on December 7.
TAGS: Goa Arts And Literature Festival Mridula Sinha Narendra Modi
More from miscellaneous
AAP comes out with a song to boost its campaign Aam Aadmi Party has come up with a song which is being played at all the rallies and meetings addressed by party chief Arvind Kejriwal and other leaders.

Infosys shifts focus to small acquisitions  new segmentsInfosys shifts focus to small acquisitions, new segments
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 5, 2014  | 00:00 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Infosys is focusing on entering new segments and acquiring small innovative companies as it looks to get its industry bellwether status back.
Speaking at analysts meet, Infosys CEO Vishal Sikka said the company will look at firms working on "technologies of tomorrow" like artificial intelligence (AI) and automation for acquisition.
"Of course our key focus is our own organic growth, our renewal from within, but we believe that it is necessary to complement this with an active inorganic strategy as well," he said.
Sikka, who took over as Infosys CEO in August, said the IT company is focusing on renewing its core business as well as building new capabilities like design thinking, which will help the 33-year old firm regain industry bellwether status.
For acquisition, Infosys is looking at companies working on technologies like AI, automation, Internet of Things (IoT) as well as collaboration and design technologies.
"We are also looking at underpenetrated segments as well as some geographic regions but not only from the perspective of just buying services companies in those areas but looking at innovation that can be brought with that focus," he said.
He added that the Bangalore-based firm would continue its global engagement with the start-up ecosystem.
"Start ups are great young ones and we have been working with start up companies to bring them to our clients, to invest in them and to extend their capabilities with our own engineering and other operational services," Sikka said.
"There is this duality of renew and new. The duality that we see is renewing of core business...In parallel to that renewal is each of the businesses are looking at new areas, new ways of reaching customers and markets (and using new technologies)," Sikka said.
He said Infosys is building new kinds of capabilities with design thinking being one of them.
"Transformation like the one we are on will take time. For sure, it will not happen in a short time ... All these steps that we have talked about, we at Infosys again can aspire to become leading bellwether IT company that we used to be over the long term," he added.
Before being brought on board in August, Infosys had brought its co-founder NR Narayana Murthy back from retirement to head the firm. He was put in charge to put Infosys back on a high-growth trajectory at a time when peers like Tata Consultancy Services and HCL Technologies were out-performing Infosys.

RTI relief to RIL  other entities in short selling caseRTI relief to RIL, other entities in short selling case
N Sundaresha Subramanian | New Delhi Dec 05, 2014 10:30 PM IST
The Central Information Commission (CIC) has ruled in favour of Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL) in an appeal seeking details about an investigation by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) into the sale of Reliance Petroleum shares in 2007.
In orders on two different appeals, its full bench decided (the order was issued on November 28) that Sebi need not disclose the details sought by a citizen, an Arun Agrawal, under the Right to Information Act (RTI).
It decided a sufficient case had not been made that such a disclosure would serve the “public interest”. And, that disclosure of such information would defeat the purposes for which these had been offered protection in the first place.
NOT ENTIRELY PRIVATE
September 2011: RTI application filed by Arun Agrawal to Sebi, seeking details about RIL matter
 
October 2011: CPIO refuses information, saying quasi-judicial proceedings were underway; Agrawal goes for appeal
 
November 2011: Appeals rejected
 
November 2012: CIC tells Sebi to disclose details; RIL gets stay from Delhi High Court; Sebi moves Bombay High Court
 
January 2013: Names of some RIL-related entities disclosed, detailing applicants whose consent orders were rejected
 
January 31, 2013: Delhi HC directs CIC to give RIL a hearing
 
April 2014: CIC issues notices to 12 entities
 
July 2014: Hearing by CIC
 
November 28, 2014: Order ruling that Sebi need not disclose details sought by Agrawal
Agrawal says he will appeal against these verdicts. His petition had initially been rejected by Sebi, towards the end of 2011. Agrawal appealed and, a year after, the then central information commissioner, Satyanand Mishra, had said the information should be given, since, “If as a regulator, Sebi took cognizance of allegations of any breach of law, rules or regulations by one or more entities for unlawful private gain, the information generated in the process of its investigation needs to be disclosed in the public domain. Such disclosure would keep the general public informed and educated about the risks they may confront in making investments in the market. It would also prevent many entities from adopting shortcuts to make profit through unlawful means. The argument that at the end of the quasi-judicial proceedings the charged entities may be found innocent cannot be an argument against disclosing the information.”
RIL got a stay from the high court here, which said the arguments on the mater should be heard afresh by the appellate body. The latest verdict, overturning the earlier decision, is the outcome.
The first RIL appeal was on a petition seeking several details, including the inspection report in respect of the entities involved with RIL in the (alleged ) short sale of shares of Reliance Petroleum in November 2007, various applications of consent order/terms offered by RIL and the entities involved or charged under the Prohibition of Fraudulent and Unfair Trade Practices (PFUTP) Regulations, file notings and the entire file of this case.
In the second appeal, the appellant sought details of “the name and addresses of the entities (name of individuals, partners, directors and major shareholders, if companies) involved in the short sale of shares of Reliance Petroleum in November 2007 and name of the brokers through whom the short sales deal was routed.” Of these, the names of 12 entities were revealed in a January 2013 order. Other details of these 12 and details of the brokers are still not public.
The commission's latest order said: "The process of probe against RIL initiated by Sebi is still continuing. So, the disclosure of the requested information at this stage would impede the said process and defeat the purpose of the protection granted to such information. No concrete and tangible case of public interest has been made out by the appellant...we also do not find any legal flaw in the Sebi stand that the requested information should not be disclosed at this stage.” The commission also saw merit in the arguments put by Amit Sibal, counsel for RIL, who said the allegation that there was a conspiracy between RIL and the 12 entities was baseless. He had argued that disclosure of the desired information would affect the efficient operation of Sebi and the confidentiality of sensitive information would not be preserved. An email to the RIL spokesperson did not elicit any response.
And, that “the right to negotiation and settle in confidence is fundamental…If the information is disclosed, it will strike down the policy of Sebi to negotiate.”
Agrawal said: “It is surprising that the same commission which had earlier found that the information should be divulged in the public interest now finds that the information is not in the public interest. There should be some objective parameters of public interest under the RTI Act. Public interest is suffering on account of not appointing a Chief Information Commissioner.”
The latter post has been vacant for three and a half months. On earlier occasions, the seniormost commissioner was appointed CIC and the post was never left vacant.
While RIL had got a stay on the first CIC order in the Delhi HC, Sebi had challenged the order in the Bombay HC. On RIL’s request, the latter had agreed to postpone the hearing till the Delhi HC decision. However, in an order detailing entities whose consent orders were rejected in January 2013, Sebi on its own put out the names of 12 entities that assisted RIL in the 2007 transaction. On January 31, 2013, the Delhi HC set aside the CIC order on the grounds that the CIC did not give RIL an opportunity to present its case before passing the impugned order. The court remanded the case back to the commission, directing it to issue notices to RIL.

Poddar Develope: Outcome of board meeting (Calendar of Events for Postal Ballot)Dec 05, 2014, 09.57 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Poddar Develope: Outcome of board meeting (Calendar of Events for Postal Ballot)
Poddar Developers in its meeting held on December 05, 2014, had considered various fund raising options and approved the enabling resolution for the purpose of offer and further issue of securities under the section 42 and 62 (1) and (c) of the Companies Act 2013 through Postal ballot which is subject to the approval of shareholders of the Company.

SPML Infra: Outcome of board meeting (EGM on Jan 06  2015)Dec 05, 2014, 09.57 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
SPML Infra: Outcome of board meeting (EGM on Jan 06, 2015)
SPML Infra in its meeting held December 05, 2014, approved the Calling for Extra Ordinary General Meeting (EGM) on January 06, 2015 seeking Shareholders approval to authorize the Board of Directors to raise funds through QIP route for an amount not exceeding Rs. 75 Cr. and at an appropriate price and time as approved by the Board.

Theft-wary ATM service providers seek coverHi Guest
Theft-wary ATM service providers seek cover
Managed service providers and cash replacement agencies are both being covered, claim insurance providers A recent spate in theft of cash from automated teller machines and vans that deliver the money to the kiosks has prompted companies that ferry the funds and are liable for them to seek insurance. Managed service providers and cash replacement agencies are both being covered, claim insurance providers. “White label automated teller machines are now covered under packaged policies, ...

Sanghvi Forging bags Rs 11-cr ordersSanghvi Forging bags Rs 11-cr orders
Burdwan blast probe: Key suspect Shahnoor Alam arrestedWritten by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati |
Posted: December 7, 2014 12:04 am | Updated: December 7, 2014 10:37 am
A day after Sahanur Alom (32), alias “doctor Ilias”, a top Jamaatul Mujahideen Bangladesh (JMB) operative was arrested in Nalbari district, the Assam Police on Saturday confirmed that several top JMB leaders from Bangladesh had visited at least one madrasa in the state and conducted some motivational training there.
“We have confirmed that some top JMB leaders had visited a madrasa in Larkuchi village in Nalbari and organized motivational training to induct boys from here in order to create JMB modules in Assam the way they did in West Bengal,” Assam Police DG Khagen Sarma said.
Formally announcing the arrest of Alom – who was among the 12 “most wanted” by the NIA in the Burdwan blast case – the Assam DGP also said that the police was on the look-out for five or six more persons having close links with the JMB. Sahanur Alom was arrested from Larkuchi village under Mukalmua police station in Nalbari district, and remanded in 14 days police custody by the CJM’s court here on Saturday.
“Several persons are under our surveillance as also some NGOs and madrasas. We have already arrested ten of them including the most-wanted Sahanur Alom. There are five or six more who are important. We are also looking for four women,” the DGP said. Sahanur’s wife Sujena Begum alias Suriya Bhano was arrested by the police on November 6 in Guwahati.
Sahanur Alom, who was carrying a cash reward of Rs 5 lakh announced by the NIA last month, was picked up from Larkuchi village by a team of the Assam Police on Friday after he had managed to remain elusive for over two months since the Burdwan blast of October 2.
“Sahanur had shifted from one place to another in lower Assam as well as Meghalaya and had even tried to sneak out to Bangladesh several times,” the DGP said, describing the arrest as a major success.
Sahanur Alom, whose name in the organization was Ilias, however was popularly known as “doctor” as he had undergone some para-medic training and was working in the villages as a quack dentist. Hailing from Chatala, a village under Sarthebari police station in Barpeta district, he has been involved with the JMB for over one year and half, DGP Sarma said.
“The best thing is that the local Muslim population has not given any indulgence to Sahanur and other JMB operatives. Local Muslims in fact chased them away in village Chaolpoka, and informed the police when he and some others tried to organize a namaz one day ahead of the scheduled Eid namaz in Chatala,” DGP Sarma said.
When asked whether the Jamaatul Mujahideen Bangladesh (JMB) was particularly eyeing pockets inhabited by people of Bangladesh origin, the Assam Police chief said the JMB continued…

#Express5: Khattars first interview as CM; David Warner breaks down during net practiceBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 6, 2014 9:40 am | Updated: December 6, 2014 9:43 am
We recommend that you go through these five stories from The Indian Express before starting your day
1) Behind Punjab eye camp blinding: One doctor, 49 surgeries, double the day’s limit 
With officials saying on Friday that at least 33 people had lost their eyesight after undergoing cataract surgeries organised by a charitable organisation at a hospital near Gurdaspur, preliminary official inquiries have pinned the blame on “gross negligence” by the doctor, the NGO and the medical facility.
2) To Maldives, with tonnes of water — from India
At about 9.30pm on Thursday, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj was back at her residence after a day in Parliament when she received an urgent call from Dunya Maumoon, her counterpart in Maldives. Maumoon had an unusual request — drinking water for her island nation’s capital.

Nepal stops airing of TV show satirising PM Narendra ModiBy: Press Trust of India | Kathmandu |
Posted: December 6, 2014 9:32 am | Updated: December 6, 2014 10:52 am
Nepal has stopped the telecast of one of the episodes of a popular satirical TV show on its national channel for reportedly caricaturing Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Nepal Television (NTV) prevented the telecast of one of the episodes of the TV show Tito Satya, meaning bitter truth, Thursday.
The NTV’s editorial board withdrew the episode saying that part of it needed to be edited, Prakash Jung Karki, Programme Director of the channel, said.
“It was not a big issue, just that the editorial team wanted to edit a small segment and due to the lack of time, the episode was withdrawn,” he said.
There is a caricature of Modi, but I do not think there is anything that damages the image of the Indian Prime Minister, Karki said. The show will be telecast next Thursday, he said.
However, reports said that the episode was not aired for caricaturing Modi.
“It is against the freedom of expression and our constitutional rights,” said Deepak Raj Giri, Producer and popular comedian of the show.

DDA to e-auction Commonwealth Games village ...Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Those looking for premium apartment units in Delhi may need to watch DDA's website because 214 flats from the Commonwealth Games village would be put up on sale here. While some final adjustments and last-minute consultations are on, officials in the Authority are now looking to carry out an e-auction of the flats within the next 40 days.
Such is the allure of the flats at present that sources say even members of Rajya Sabha are looking to get them as official residences. Delhi government and the income tax department have also asked the urban development minister to reserve some of the flats for its officials.
DDA has been looking at auctioning the remaining flats in CWG village for a while. The proposal, sent to the ministry of urban development, has been accepted only now, sources in the Authority said.
The last time DDA held auction of the flats was in 2012. "There were two motives for holding the auction then. One was to test the market and see if we can attract a good response, which we did. The second was to get rid of part of our inventory," said a senior official of the Authority. The auction being planned now is being held for the same reasons besides an additional one in that this time around DDA wants to get the best prices, he said.
In the 2012 auction, DDA sold 74 flats to the public and 156 to various central government departments and Delhi government, besides reserving 45 flats for its own officials. After the auction, the UD ministry reserved the rights of selling the CWG flats.
The per-square-foot cost to DDA for CWG flats in 2009 was around Rs 11,000, and the Authority sold it for Rs 22,000 in 2012. Going by the trend of the last three sales at the village, the current selling price per square foot is between Rs 18,000 and Rs 20,000. The last sale at CWG village happened three weeks ago when a five-bedroom flat was sold at Rs 5.3 crore.
CWG flats, once put to auction, would be one of the most sought-after properties in the capital. Owing to their location, security and exclusiveness, there are fewer properties that would compete with CWG flats at the same price.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow ET Real Estate on Twitter Follow

Attack on Army camp: Food packets with Pak markings foundAttack on Army camp: Food packets with Pak markings found
No shadow of Putin s India visit on Obama trip: USNo shadow of Putin s India visit on Obama trip: US
SAIL Floor Price Set at 83; Government Lines Up ONGC  CILSAIL Floor Price Set at 83; Government Lines Up ONGC  CIL
PM condemns attacks in Jammu and KashmirPM condemns attacks in Jammu and Kashmir
However more industrious investors can take risk of selling now or @ 3...Silver Member
13 Followers
However more industrious investors can take risk of selling now or @ 375 or so & buying later @ of 330 or 340! But that`s little bit risky!So I am going to stay put & wait!! Happy investing friend!
11.29 AM Dec 6th

Big hands bougt at rs 2 they what do toCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

When i buy alphageo at 43 level i was having same fear now i am having...Platinum Member
57 Followers
What is your avge buying price ? Many times it has given opportunity to exit @ my buying lvl,greediness to exit @ 22-24 lvl , made me to hold this share since 1.5 yrs ? since long del.precentage is good only but it is only news driven share ! No STAKE SALE , NOTHING ..... But it goes again to 20 lvls soon.

@valine- sent one pm to you  please respond back whenever you see the ...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

70 questions with Sonam Kapoor70 questions with Sonam Kapoor
By Priyam Chaturvedi | Cosmopolitan India –  Mon 1 Dec, 2014 7:04 PM IST
Share 0
What do you know about our birthday covergirl (and Guest Editor) Sonam Kapoor? That she's India's fashion front-runner. Or that with her latest release, Khoobsurat being declared a success, her acting career is on an upward trajectory? Or the fact that she's Bollywood's most refreshing celebrity, who likes to laugh and talk and say whatever comes to mind? Yes, everybody knows that about Sonam! Which is why we decided to do things a little differently this time. So we created a special Cosmo quiz, based on one of those mini personality tests psychologists give you, so we could get to know the real Sonam behind all those fancy clothes. So if you get to meet her someday, you'll know exactly what music she likes, the bag she's lusting after, and the only coffee she'll drink!
1. What did you eat for breakfast today?
"I had a pear and a cup of coffee."
2. Leather or lace?
5 What bag do you carry often?
"My Hermes Kelly."
6 What is in that bag?
"Lots of stuff...face wipes, sanitary napkins, tampons, iPod, headphones, lipstick, perfume, deodorant, mint, hand sanitiser, hand cream, notebook, wallet, couple of pins, lots of clips, mascara...I carry the whole world in my bag!"
7 Your favourite superhero
8 Dark chocolate or milk chocolate?
"Dark chocolate."
10 What would you never wear?
"Nothing. I like wearing everything."
11 How much money do you have in your wallet right now?
"About  Rs1,000, I guess."
12 What are you doing tomorrow morning?
"Shooting."
14 How many autographs do you sign in a day?
"I don't know the exact number, but quite a few."
15 Who did you last yell at?
"My sister."
16 What's your favourite video game?
"Burnout Revenge."
17 How many cups of coffee did you have today?
"Four."
18 What cheers you up?
"My family and friends."
19 Black Louboutins or red Manolos?
"Black Louboutins."
20 How do you like your coffee-hot or cold?
"Hot."
21 When was the last time you cried?
"Yesterday, on set, because we were shooting an emotional scene."
22 Long nails or short?
"Long."
23 Envelope clutches or mini bags?
"Envelope clutches."
24 Cage heels or flats?
"Flats."
28 Your current mood on a scale of 1 to 10 is…
"10...I'm always a 10."
29 And it could only be improved by...
"Being with my friends and family right now."
30 Cake or pie?
32 The Simpsons or Family Guy?
"Family Guy."
33 What's your favourite genre- comedy or horror?
"Comedy."
34 How do you start a conversation?
"By introducing myself with a smile and saying, 'Hi, I'm Sonam Kapoor'."
35 Your favourite feature is…
"I like everything about myself, but I'd say my smile."
 
36 And you play it up by…
"Wearing red lipstick."
37. What's the best fan mail or Tweet you've got?
"Honestly, my fans are amazing and they keep doing a lot of sweet things for me. Yesterday, my fans sent me a huge poster with all my Khoobsurat reviews and pictures. I thought it was the sweetest thing ever."
38 Moisturiser or body butter?
"Body butter."
39 Who is your biggest beauty icon?
"Cate Blanchett."
41 Early bird or night owl?
"Early bird."
42 What time did you wake up this morning?
"7:30am."
46 Crossword puzzles or Sudoku?
"Crossword puzzles."
47 Facial hair or clean shaven?
"Depends on the guy. But right now, I'm leaning towards clean shaven."
48 Scrambled eggs or fried?
"Neither. I like my eggs half fried-sunny side up."
49 Vintage or new?
52 What's the best thing that happened to you today?
"I got a hug from Sooraj Barjatya for giving a good shot."
53 One word that people should stop using is…
"Hate."
54 Personal chef or personal fitness trainer?
"Personal fitness trainer."
55 How old are you?
"29."
56 How old are you, mentally?
"Forever 18."
57 Who did you last follow on Instagram?
"This Russian designer called Irina Smolnikova."
58 What's your comfort food?
"South Indian or French fries."
59 What do you not like eating?
"Potatoes."
60 Which is your favourite music band?
"Coldplay, The Beatles and Red Hot Chili Peppers."
61 Your favourite movie is...
"The Godfather."
62 What's your biggest phobia?
"Anonymity."
63 What book are you reading right now?
"The Aryavarta Chronicles #1: Govinda"
64 A book that's on your reading list?
"The Aryavarta Chronicles #2: Kaurava."
65 What's your favourite fashion trend of all time?
"Saris."
66 What's your current ringtone?
"Engine Ki Seeti, from my movie Khoobsurat."
67 What is the longest you have gone without sleep?
"30 hours."
68 If you could only have one meal for the rest of your life, what would it be?
"Pav Bhaji."
69 What is the one habit you would like to break?
"That I space out."
70 What's the first thing you notice about people when you meet them?
"Their smile."
Reproduced From Cosmopolitan. © 2014. LMIL. All rights reserved.
You may also like:

Obama praises PM Modi for shaking India s  bureaucratic inertiaUS President Barack Obama praises PM Modi for shaking India's 'bureaucratic inertia'
PTI Dec 4, 2014, 09.28AM IST
Tags:
Barack Obama
(Last month in Myanmar on…)
WASHINGTON: US President Barack Obama today praised Prime Minister Narendra Modi's efforts to shake up the "bureaucratic inertia" in India, less than a month after he described the Indian leader as a "man of action".
However, Obama said that this was a long-term project and one would have to see how successful Prime Minister Modi is in his efforts.
"Modi has impressed me so far with his willingness to shake up the bureaucratic inertia inside of India. But that is a long-term project and we'll have to see how successful he is," Obama told a business roundtable, which was attended by top corporate leaders of the country.
The roundtable was organised to discuss the current economic condition of the US and across the globe.
Last month in Myanmar on the sidelines of the East Asia Summit , Obama in his brief interaction with Modi had told him that he is a "man of action".
On his return from the 10-day trip to the Asia Pacific region that took him to Beijing , Myanmar and Australia, Obama announced that he has accepted an invitation to be the chief guest at the annual Republic Day Parade in New Delhi on January 26 next year.
In his interaction at the business round table, Obama said the US, over the last six years, has put more people back to work than Europe, Japan, and the rest of the advanced world combined.
The growth of emerging markets have been slower than anticipated, he noted.
"The overall global picture is people continue to look to America for economic leadership. We need some other engines to be pulling the global economy along and we're pursuing diplomatic policies and consultations to try to encourage that," Obama said.
The United States stands out as an economy that is going strong at the moment, he said, adding that is not the case with other countries of the world.
"Japan is contracting in a way that has surprised many analysts and I know surprised Prime Minister Abe. He's got new elections. There's a delay in the consumption tax, the second phase of it, that was slated to go into effect. They're pursuing fairly aggressive monetary policy," Obama said.
"But I don't know whether they're going to be able to pull out of the current variation on what's been a pretty long-term slump any time soon, and they've still got some debt overhang that they've got to address," he said.
Obama pointed out that in Europe, the debate has generally been framed as austerity and prudence promoted by the Germans versus a desire for a looser set of fiscal policies among the southern countries.
"If you look, the truth is, is that Spain, France, to a lesser extent Italy -- most of the big countries in the south have been engaging in some pretty serious structural reforms. They haven't done everything that they need to do in terms of providing labour flexibility, for example, but they are making strides in addressing many of those issues," Obama said.
"But right now, what you've got is an environment in which the dangers of deflation and really weak demand in Europe chronically, over a long period of time, I think are more significant than dangers of overheating economies and inflation in the European Union," he said.
China, he noted, is trying to shift away from a model that was entirely export driven to a model that recognises they need stronger demand inside the country.
"And they've got a nascent, but growing middle class starting to have enough confidence to spend some money," he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Obama administration to focus next 2 years on India-US trade tiesChina
(The top Treasury official…)
WASHINGTON: Over the next two years, the Obama Administration would focus significantly on India-US economic and financial partnership and support the reform effort of the Indian government , a US official has said.
Describing this as "a win-win" proposition, the official said, the partnership would also encourage greater opening of India's economy to US firms and improving the climate for US investment in the country.
"Over the next two years, we plan to focus significant attention on the US-India Economic and Financial Partnership - the US Treasury's main vehicle to engage on economic issues with India.
"Through this Partnership, we will support India in its growth and reform efforts and encourage the greater opening of India's economy to US firms," Treasury Undersecretary Nathan Sheets said.
"This is, again, a "win-win" proposition," Sheets said. "We can create new growth and employment opportunities in the United States by further opening this growing market for US exports, improving the climate for US investment in India, and levelling the playing field for US companies," he said.
"For India, faster growth, deeper financial markets, and greater openness to trade and foreign investment promise to raise incomes, reduce poverty, and bring many more Indians into the global middle class," he added.
The top Treasury official said the US has an important window of opportunity to deepen its economic engagement with India.
"India and its people share with the United States an entrepreneurial spirit, a commitment to a vibrant private sector, and a record of economic growth built largely on domestic demand," Sheets said.
He said one of the top priority of the Obama Administration is engagement with the world economy's emerging giants, notably China and India in Asia, as well as Mexico and Brazil in Latin America.
"We are committed over the next two years to finding ways to continue to strengthen our bilateral relationship with China - such as by advancing negotiations on a high-standard bilateral investment treaty - and to work together in multilateral settings," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Infosys Mysuru campus trainees are now design thinking  Sikka styleInfosys Mysuru campus’ trainees are now design thinking, Vishal Sikka’s style
By Neha Alawadhi, ET Bureau | 5 Dec, 2014, 02.02AM IST
The new module, which was introduced for several new batches in the past month, has struck the right chord with the trainee engineers. 
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Newly hired trainees at Infosys' Mysuru campus are "design thinking", in line with chief executive Vishal Sikka's vision for a more focused and competitive organisation.
The new module, which was introduced for several new batches in the past month, has struck the right chord with the trainee engineers, who are excited about the possibilities this approach presents for them. "It was great fun doing the module. What really got me interested was that the focus was not just creating a solution within boundaries of a programming language, but also visualising the utility of the finished product for a customer," said an employee currently at the Mysuru campus.
He refused to be named, because the trainees aren't allowed to speak to the media. Design thinking is generally understood to involve a creative and systematic approach to problem-solving by placing the user at the centre of the experience.
Many see the influence of Hasso Plattner , co-founder of Sikka's previous employer SAP and his mentor there, in the new CEO's emphasis on this exercise at Infosys. At the company's quarterly conference call on October 10, Vishal Sikka had said design thinking would be taken to all Infosys employees at the Mysuru and other development centres.
In the new modules, Infosys employees are shown a video detailing how design thinking has helped big corporations in the real world solve customer problems. This is followed by sessions on understanding and empathising with fellow employees, identifying their problem, defining the problem statement, ideating, defining a solution, getting feedback and redesigning, and finally building a prototype.
Design thinking has been adopted by large companies such as Google and Apple , and is increasingly being embraced by startups and other new enterprises, because it focuses on people as opposed to processes when dealing with customers, and is not limited by conventional industry boundaries. However, not everyone at Infosys is as excited.
"We were only given a session on design thinking for about twothree hours, and it all happened in a rush, leaving us no time to absorb things. The later batches had a full day for this," said another employee at Mysuru. "I am not sure if such a short session would provide any real value add to our work."

Obama to have a three-layered security during India visitThe USSS experts will hold consultations with a team of Delhi Police besides senior officials on the route that the president will take from airport. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: A team of the US Secret Service (USSS) that protects American presidents and vice-presidents will be in Delhi in the next few days to conduct a recce of Rajpath where the Republic Day parade would be held, as Barack Obama would be the chief guest for the event. The USSS experts will hold consultations with a team of Delhi Police besides senior officials on the route that the president will take from airport to the hotel where he will be staying, besides the route on which Obama will travel to various venues in the city, official sources told ET.
The visiting team will also visit the five-star hotel where the President will stay to take stock of the security arrangements and suggest additional requirements if any, sources pointed out. A senior government source said the security arrangements at Rajpath will be of "unprecedented level" given the presence of two of the most well-protected personalities, Barack Obama and Narendra Modi at the function.
"The presence of the US President at an open-air function is expected to be a top security priority for the USSS. We are preparing for a detailed briefing to them on how security will be handled at Rajpath during the event," the source said. The IB Chief, Delhi Police Commissioner and the Union Home Secretary have been asked to "personally oversee" the security arrangements this time.
A key challenge for both US and Indian security officials will be the open air venue at Delhi's Rajpath where Republic Day parade is organised. The Republic Day celebrations are given air cover and snipers are posted in high rises near the venue, sources said, adding, this architecture will be strengthened for the next parade where Obama will be present.
The officials, however, refused to divulge details. "There is a possibility that over two dozen government buildings around Rajpath may be sealed two days in advance rather than one day which has been the precedent," a source added. An advanced security team will arrive a fortnight ahead of President's touch down in Delhi.

Indians don t speak up  they just follow orders: SikkaSave precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: Vishal Sikka , 47, took over as CEO of Infosys at a time when things looked dim for the once vaunted software company. It had gone through over two years of underperformance compared to some of its peers. Sikka's appointment was a surprise and a relief. Surprise because of his background in software products that was very different from the services space at Infosys. Relief because many wanted a fresh face at the helm. In the four months since Sikka's appointment, the Infosys stock has risen significantly.
In an exclusive interview to TOI, Sikka says he feels a tremendous burden of expectation:
What are your thoughts on the first four months at Infosys?
The atmosphere is electric. People are so excited, there is so much positive energy that has been built up — it's difficult to describe. Never seen anything like this. Yes, may be in the trip to Australia with (PM Narendra) Modi. But that was little different. I walk into these rooms and people go crazy. There's a tremendous burden of expectation.
How different is it from SAP?
I have to think more about this. But the propensity to change, the desire to improve is awesome in Infosys. Over the last year there was this turmoil, people leaving. I created a team to look at simplification of processes, to deal with problems people have. Everybody in the team was so genuinely passionate about simplifying things. I was very impressed. Our development centre (DC) in Chennai told me they would be the best embracer of artificial intelligence among DCs in Infosys. You don't normally find large companies embrace change this way.
What makes it so?
Part of it comes from our education, which is at the heart of Infosys. Our Mysore training campus is so awesome. We can train on such a massive scale — 16,000 trainees at a time for 23 weeks. Mr Murthy used to call it learnability. Education is in the mindset of employees, they are keen to learn.
What do you see as your big challenges?
One is that the company processes have not kept pace with its massive growth. Another is that we have to improve the confidence of the youngsters. This is true for all Indian IT companies. The consistent feedback from customers is that though Infosys is without comparison in quality and delivery and we follow orders dutifully, we don't speak up, we are not proactive. As an innovator, this made me very sad. We are trained to solve problems, not trained to find problems. We have this cultural thing — if I speak up, it is questioning of authority. This is totally counter to the Western mindset. We serve Western companies, and they expect us to speak up. John McCarthy, father of artificial intelligence and who was in my examination committee, once told me this unforgettable thing: Finding and articulating the problem is half the solution. The other half is to solve it.
Many of the solutions to yesterday's problems will be automated. But no matter how intelligent robots become, they will not tell us what the big problems are, they don't have the imagination of human beings. That's why I'm moving the company in that direction.
Do you think this will result in some confusion?
The results of the change will take a while. But the mindset change will happen instantaneously. The industry has been in a downward spiral, even the big western guys. They are hiring cheaper and cheaper, jamming people into projects faster and faster, hiring from more and more mediocre places. That is the wrong direction. That spiral goes to zero. We want to create an upward spiral, create more and more value. Turbo props were excellent planes, but they lost the battle to jet engines. There's a certain inevitability about going up the value chain.
Where do you see Infosys five years from now?
I see it as a next-generation services company that offers all kinds of amazing and innovative software solutions to the world's best companies. The world needs software right now, the world is being dramatically reshaped by software. I want Infosys to be not only the leading IT services company, but the leading IT company. It should continue to be driven by the humanity of our people, but it should embrace technology to create a much more amplified human effect. Prof Mashelkar (R A Mashelkar, former head of CSIR) used to have this beautiful line: "Do more with less for more". I want a much more productive, innovative Infosys, a company that customers think of when they think of their next-generation problems. Not just for staff augmentation — that's such a horrible idea.
How much of your US stint has shaped your thinking?
I don't know. I have now lived 27 years in the US, and 20 years in India. So a lot of that influence is there.
Do you think it's possible to have a startup culture in a big company with 165,000 people?
I think Infosys is a 165,000-people startup. We genuinely believe that. You have to have the mindset that the world can be significantly better than it is. You must have the imagination of what it could be like, the knowledge of how that could be made to happen. It is a borderline irrational conviction that you can do it.
But how do you encourage entrepreneurship in a company that is so big? It is a legacy company...
I did two startups and doing a startup is an incredibly noble thing. It is one of the greatest experiences in life. And those people who can do it based on their life situation, must try doing a startup. But entrepreneurship is not the domain only of startups. It can be done anywhere.
In SAP, when I was trying to do Hana (the in-memory database), people said these guys have lost their minds, they must be on drugs, they said SAP will never build a database, let alone a next-generation database. But we did. My team had that culture. We are doing the same thing in Infosys.
A team in Pune is working on AI (artificial intelligence), creating a natural language-understanding system that automatically mines lots of text to find leads for the insurance industry. If there is a hurricane somewhere, or if a child is born, the system recognizes it as a lead for an insurance company, and provides the information to an agent. This kid came to me wanting to do something in digital agriculture because five generations of his family have been in agriculture. My wish is to see that we have 165,000 such entrepreneurs. We have a building in Hyderabad, it is water-cooled - innovated by our own people. It consumes 30% of the energy that normal buildings do. Google sent people there to see how it works. We'll soon have 20 LEED Platinum-rated buildings. We are probably the world's No. 1 company in sustainable buildings. Our Mysore campus pays for itself. All this because the infrastructure team has entrepreneurial thinking.
You opened up Twitter and Facebook to employees. Is it part of the initiative to give more freedom to employees? It has been the norm in the IT services industry to restrict such activities because of customer concerns...
When I was in Stanford, one of the things that shaped my thinking was what is called the Honour Code. Examiners don't sit in the examination hall during exams. Students sign the Honour Code. Violation of the code is inexcusable. The assumption is we trust what you do — if you break the trust, there are unforgiveable consequences. And we empower the people to do the right thing.
We do not violate the things we commit to clients. We go to great lengths to ensure the freedom we give is not at odds with the commitments we give to clients - the number of hours worked, the conditions of the work, the security of the work. Not everything applies to everyone at the same time. If a client has certain requirements, those cannot be violated. But others who are not under that do not have to follow those requirements. So we now have this team to simplify things. They are looking at simplifying HR policies, maternity leave, and many other policies, without violating client commitments.
Page 1 of 2

Lenovo adds to S-series  launches S580 smartphoneGlobal cos to hire most from India: Pepsico India chief D Shivakumar
Lenovo today announced the launch of S580, a new addition to its popular S-series smartphones – priced at Rs 8,999, the device will be available for pre-order exclusively on Snapdeal from today.
The Lenovo S580 looks to combines sleek design elements with quad-core performance, laser-etched fabric-feel rear cover and 12.7 cms wide-view HD display.
The S580 is powered by a 1.2GHz Qualcomm® Snapdragon™ quad-core processor running on Android Jelly Bean (upgradable to Android 4.4 KitKat), suitable for gaming, music and videos.
The smartphone packs a 8MP rear and 2MP front cameras.
“The S580 is an amalgamation of stylish design, fast processing speeds, and integrated Lenovo proprietary apps available at sub-Rs 10k price category,” Sudhin Mathur, Director – Smartphones, Lenovo India said.
“The great value that the S series smartphones offer make it the ideal choice for first time smartphone users and those looking to upgrade from a feature phone,” said Tony Navin, Senior Vice President – Electronics & Home, Snapdeal.
The S580 has an integrated 8 GB storage expandable up to 32 GB and comes with a dual SIM capability. It also comes loaded with Lenovo Premium DOit Apps that lets you transfer data to friends, speed up your device, and sync your contacts seamlessly sync.
Specifications

Plans afoot to reshape Plan panel: PM Narendra ModiBiz leaders in manufacturing sector optimistic about next  year: Survey
Plans are afoot for reshaping of the Planning Commission to make it in sync with the changing times, Prime Minister Narendra Modi said ahead of his meeting with all Chief Ministers on Sunday on the issue.
Making a brief intervention during Question Hour in Lok Sabha, the Prime Minister said government was planning to involve knowledgeable people and those who can provide new ideas to redefine and restructure the Planning Commission.
“I have convened a meeting of Chief Ministers on December 7. We will have a detailed discussions with them. In the Planning Commission also there had been discussions earlier on how to bring it in tune with the changing times. Taking all these aspects into consideration, plans are afoot towards a new shape (of the plan panel),” he said.
Earlier, Minister for Planning Rao Inderjit Singh informed the House that planning is very much relevant in India and the Planning Commission has to come to grip with emerging social realities to reinvent itself to make itself more relevant and effective for aligning the planning process with economic reforms and its consequences, particularly for the poor.
Singh said government is seized of the desirability of a constant review of its planning apparatus as the role of the states as well as the state economy, both have been undergoing changes over the last few decades.
“India is now an emerging economy in an increasingly globalised world. The economy has now fundamentally changed with key sectors being open to foreign investment, the evolution of a vibrant dynamic private sector contributing substantially to growth,” he said.
The minister said the state has now moved away from allocating government resources in a command and control ecosystem to a more complex role — that of mediating through policy action, favourable conditions for private investment, providing public goods and essential services and most importantly, directly intervening in areas traditionally neglected by markets, that is, social security and essential entitlements of food, health and education and livelihoods to the vulnerable and marginalised groups.
TAGS: Narendra Modi Planning Commission
More from economy
Tamil Nadu govt floats tenders for 11 lakh laptops The Tamil Nadu government has floated tenders for issuing about 11 lakh computers to students under the free laptop...

Obesity may shorten life expectancy by 8 yearsYoga as good as aerobics for reducing heart disease risk
Being overweight or obese may decrease life expectancy by up to 8 years, a new study has warned.
The research led by investigators at Research Institute of the McGill University Health Centre (RI-MUHC) and McGill University in Montreal examined the relationship between body weight and life expectancy.
The findings show that overweight and obese individuals have the potential to decrease life expectancy by up to 8 years.
The study further demonstrates that when one considers that these individuals may also develop diabetes or cardiovascular disease earlier in life, this excess weight can rob them of nearly two decades of healthy life.
“Our team has developed a computer model to help doctors and their patients better understand how excess body weight contributes to reduced life expectancy and premature development of heart disease and diabetes,” said lead author Dr Steven Grover, a Clinical Epidemiologist at RI-MUHC.
Grover and his colleagues used data from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (from years 2003 to 2010) to develop a model that estimates the annual risk of diabetes and cardiovascular disease in adults with different body weights.
This data from almost 4,000 individuals was also used to analyse the contribution of excess body weight to years of life lost and healthy years of life lost.
Their findings estimated that individuals who were very obese could lose up to 8 years of life, obese individuals could lose up to 6 years, and those who were overweight could lose up to three years.
In addition, healthy life-years lost were two to four times higher for overweight and obese individuals compared to those who had a healthy weight, defined as 18.5-25 body mass index (BMI).
The age at which the excess weight accumulated was an important factor and the worst outcomes were in those who gained their weight at earlier ages, researchers said.
“The pattern is clear – the more an individual weighs and the younger their age, the greater the effect on their health. In terms of life-expectancy, we feel being overweight is as bad as cigarette smoking,” Grover added.
The study was published in The Lancet Diabetes and Endocrinology journal.
TAGS: Obesity
More from health
Sparks fly when egg meets sperm: Study Sparks fly when an egg meets sperm, according to a new study which found that the fertilised mammalian egg releases from its surface billions of zinc atoms that create tiny 'zinc sparks'.

Devendra Fadnavis expands ministry  Sena joins Cabinetpicture  others
Devendra Fadnavis expands ministry, Sena joins Cabinet
Maharashtra CM Devendra Fadnavis and Shiv Sena Party Chief Uddhav Thackray interact with Chandrakant Patil at the swearing-in ceremony. (Source: Express phoot by Pradeep Kochrekar)
Cabinet ministers who took the oath were Girish Bapat (BJP), Girish Mahajan (BJP), Diwakar Raote (Shiv Sena), Subhash Desai (SS), Ramdas Kadam (SS), Eknath Shinde (SS), Chandrashekhar Bawankule (BJP), Babanrao Lonikar (BJP), Dr Deepak Sawant (SS) and Rajkumar Badole (BJP). (Source: Express photo)
The last time BJP and Sena were in power was during 1995-99 when it was the Sena which was in the role of 'big brother' and had the Chief Minister's post while BJP had Deputy Chief Minister's. (Source: Express photo)
Sena president Uddhav Thackeray's family members were present at the swearing-in ceremony to witness Uddhav's partymen, who were wearing saffron phetas (turbans), being sworn in. (Source: Express photo)
Uddhav Thackray's wife Rashmi with Pankaja Palwe Munde at the swearing-in ceremony held at Vidhan Bhavan on Friday. (Source: Express photo by Pradeep Kochrekar)
Maharashtra CM Devendra Fadnavis and Uddhav Thackray  at the swearing-in ceremony held at Vidhan Bhavan on Friday. (Source: Express phoot by Pradeep Kochrekar)
Sena's joining the BJP government now is unique, because this is the first time a party sitting in the opposition -- albeit for a short duration -- is switching the sides. (Source: Express photo)
Related

DGCA asks SpiceJet not to take bookings beyond a monthDGCA asks SpiceJet not to take bookings beyond a month
Sharmistha Mukherjee | New Delhi Dec 06, 2014 12:58 AM IST
Concerned about the financial and operational performance of the Kalanithi Maran-promoted SpiceJet, the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) on Friday withdrew 186 flight slots of the airline and directed it not to take bookings for flights beyond a month.
After reviewing the financial and operational parameters of the budget carrier, Prabhat Kumar, Director General of Civil Aviation, issued a series of instructions to the airline. SpiceJet was directed to clear dues of about Rs 1,600 crore to various vendors and suppliers and to file a “convincing schedule” by December 15.
The regulator also directed the airline not to accept bookings for cancelled flights and refund all affected passengers within a month. “Till now, they have been accepting bookings for cancelled flights, too. We have instructed them not to do so,” said a senior DGCA official.
In a statement, Sanjiv Kapoor, the airline’s chief operating officer, said, “SpiceJet today informed the DGCA and the public that for the near-medium term, it intends to operate a fleet of 22 Boeing 737s and 15 Q400s, down from the 37 B737s we operated earlier this year. As a consequence of the fleet reduction of 15 Boeings, unused slots are given back to the airports.” On future bookings on cancelled flights, he said, “This has already been stopped as part of standard process.” He said no future bookings beyond a month would be “counter-productive”, adding, “SpiceJet provides refunds of all bookings for cancelled flights made directly with the airline.”
SpiceJet has cut its Boeing 737 fleet to 24 aircraft from 42 at the end of last year. The sharp cut had forced the airline to reduce its daily flights by about a third to 232, sources said. As of now, SpiceJet is operating 232 flights a day, compared with 340 a day in September. The airline has pulled out of cities such as Surat and Lucknow.
The DGCA has also directed SpiceJet to provide a report detailing the numbers of passengers affected by flight cancellations, as well as the subsequent refunds, daily. The airline has been asked to provide the first compliance report on Monday.
SpiceJet has said it will operate 22-24 Boeing 737 planes till mid-2015 and not take aircraft on short-term leases, as announced 15 days ago.
“The decision to shrink is part of our restructuring,” Kapoor had told Reuters on Friday. Barely a fortnight ago, he had said the airline would increase its Boeing 737 fleet to 35 by December-end. The airline was operating 26 of its 28 Boeing planes, he had added.
On the change in plans, Kapoor said. “Earlier, we had considered short-term leases to get the fleet back to the original size but our latest thinking is to operate a smaller Boeing fleet until at least mid-next year.” The airline maintains it is scaling down its fleet to control costs and consolidate operations. It is reported to have told the government it expects an investor in six weeks.
It has repeatedly denied lessors are taking back its aircraft. Earlier this week, media reports had said the Airports Authority of India (AAI) had withdrawn credit facilities to the airline and asked it to pay in advance before flying from any of its airports. Kapoor, however, said the AAI had reinstated its credit facility. “Clarifying once more, as news media continue to report wrongly: SpiceJet is categorically NOT on cash and carry with the AAI. @flyspicejet,” Kapoor tweeted on Friday.
On salaries to staff, the DGCA official quoted earlier said, “We have asked them to pay salaries for November by December 15. From January, they have been asked to make payments within the seventh of each month.”
The DGCA has also constituted a team to place SpiceJet aircraft under “heightened surveillance” to ensure safety isn’t compromised on account of the carrier’s financial troubles. The team will inspect aircraft flown by SpiceJet on a daily basis.
Of late, 115 commanders and 17 co-pilots have resigned from the airline. “We will keep a strict watch on the airline. We will ensure pilots working with the airline are not made to fly more than the hours specified in the flight-duty limitation norms due to shortage of commanders and co-pilots,” said another DGCA official.
On Thursday, Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju had said, “We are running through a lot of turbulent weather...not only the public sector, the private sector is also crashing…Kingfisher crashing and now, SpiceJet seems to be giving us heart attacks as far as airlines are concerned.”
For the September quarter, SpiceJet reported a loss of Rs 310 crore, its fifth consecutive quarterly loss. For the year-ago period, it had reported a loss of Rs 559 crore. In a recent report, the airline’s auditors had termed the ability of the airline to operate a “going concern”.
On Friday, the SpiceJet stock slumped 13.78 per cent to close at Rs 15.95 on BSE amid reports the AAI had decided to withdraw its credit facility to the low-cost carrier. Though the airline denied any such move on social media platform Twitter, it was yet to provide a clarification sought by BSE on the matter.
TROUBLES APLENTY
Nov 14: SpiceJet posts a Rs 310-crore second quarter loss; fifth consecutive quarterly loss
 
Nov 16: 40 pilots quit the airline
 
Nov 18: Airline scales down its Boeing 737 fleet from 38 to 28; cancels 40 flights.
*Chief operating officer Sanjiv Kapoor says airline is close to finalising investor and will restore schedule by December
 
Nov 28: Ace investor Rakesh Jhunjhunwala picks up 1.4% stake in SpiceJet, raising hopes of recapitalisation
 
Nov 30: Airline delays staff salaries by 1-3 days
 
Dec 3: Airports Authority of India issues letter, putting SpiceJet on cash-and-carry mode. Airline denies AAI action
 
Dec 4: Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajpathi Raju says SpiceJet giving him heart attacks
 

US monthly job gains in November largest in 3 yearsUS monthly job gains in November largest in 3 years
Lucia Mutikani     Washington   Last Updated: December 5, 2014  | 21:26 IST
Photo for representation purposes only. (Source: Reuters)
Employers in the United States added the largest number of workers in nearly three years in October and wages increased, which could bring the US Federal Reserve closer to raising interest rates.
Non-farm payrolls surged by 321,000 in November, rising the most since January 2012, the Labor Department said on Friday. The unemployment rate held steady at a six-year low of 5.8 per cent.
Jobs data for September and October were revised to show 44,000 more jobs created than previously reported.
Economists polled by Reuters had forecast payrolls increasing by only 230,000 in November.
There are signs the strengthening labour market conditions are starting to spur faster wage growth, a key factor that will determine the timing of the US Fed 's first interest rate hike.
In November, average hourly earnings rose by 9 cents, which left them up 2.1 per cent from the corresponding period a year ago - still well below the increase of 3 per cent or more that economists say would make the US central bank comfortable lifting the benchmark overnight rates from near zero, where they have been since December 2008.
Many economists expect the US Fed to wait until mid-2015 before hiking rates.
Details of November's employment report were upbeat. Most of the measures tracked by Fed Chair Janet Yellen to gauge the amount of slack in the labour market are seen showing further improvement.
November marked the 10th straight month that job-growth has exceeded 200,000, the longest stretch since 1994, and further confirmed the economy is weathering slowdowns in China and the euro zone, as well as a recession in Japan.
A broad measure of joblessness, which includes people who want to work but have given up searching and those working part-time because they cannot find full-time employment, fell to a fresh six-year low of 11.4 per cent from 11.5 per cent in October. The ranks of the long-term unemployed are also shrinking.
The labour force participation rate, or the share of working-age Americans who are employed or at least looking for a job, was steady at 62.8 per cent.
Job gains were broad-based, with employment in professional and businesses services jumping 68,000. Retail payrolls increased by 50,200 as employers stepped up hiring in anticipation of a strong holiday shopping season.
Manufacturing and construction employment accelerated from October. Government payrolls increased by 7,000.
(Reuters)

UK mom Rebecca Hudson raises cash for X-mas selling her breast milkBy: Press Trust of India | London |
Posted: December 5, 2014 9:20 pm | Updated: December 5, 2014 9:21 pm
A 26-year-old British mother has raised 3,000 pounds to meet her Christmas expenses by selling her breast milk online, a media report said on Friday.
Rebecca Hudson said that when her daughter was born ten weeks ago she was not producing milk, but later it came in ‘bucket loads,’ the mum-of-four from Manchester said.
Appearing on a TV show on Friday, she said since her youngster was premature, she only required three ounces of milk, meaning Rebecca had an excess of milk, the Daily Mirror reported.
She said: “I didn’t want to pour it away because it takes a lot of work to produce breast milk.”
“So I thought, if I can make money for my children,” Rebecca was quoted by the paper as saying, “I don’t see the harm.”
She then went online and found there were other women in the US already selling their milk.
She has eight regular customers and sells the milk at 12.50 pounds a bottle.
More unusual customers include a bodybuilder who uses the milk for nutrition, food enthusiasts who cook with it, and people who it for sexual thrills, it said.
“What they do with milk is up to them, I’m not going to discriminate,” she said.
Rebecca said her friends and family members were surprised by how much money she had made.

Launch of GSAT-16 deferred for the second time8
3
New Delhi: The launch of India's latest communication satellite GSAT-16 has been deferred for the second time in a week's time. It was scheduled to be launched early on Saturday from Kourou in French Guiana.
In the earlier occasion, ISRO had on Thursday night announced that the satellite's Friday launch was deferred to a later date.
GSAT-16 is designed to augment the national space capacity in communication services. Facing capacity crunch, ISRO has leased 95 transponders on foreign satellites mainly for the use of private TV broadcasters.
File photo
#gsat 16 #france #satellite #launch
The satellite will boost public and private TV and radio services, large-scale Internet and telephone operations. In the dual satellite mission, along with GSAT-16, DIRECTV-14, which was built by SSL (Space Systems/Loral) for operator DIRECTV to provide direct-to-home television broadcasts across the US, is also being launched.
With lift-off mass of 3,181 kg, GSAT-16 is configured to carry a total of 48 communication transponders, the largest number of transponders carried by a communication satellite developed by the ISRO so far.
GSAT-16, which would replace INSAT-3E, decommissioned prematurely in April, has a designated on orbit operational life of 12 years. It will be the 18th satellite to be launched by Arianespace for ISRO.
139

http://usat.ly/1I4A4t1FacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
'Gas war' breaks out when price falls below $2
How low are gas prices going? So low that "gas wars," a term not heard in many places since the early 1970s, are breaking out. With gas prices crashing, stations are scrambling to stay ahead of each other when
Post to Facebook
'Gas war' breaks out when price falls below $2 How low are gas prices going? So low that "gas wars," a term not heard in many places since the early 1970s, are breaking out. With gas prices crashing, stations are scrambling to stay ahead of each other when Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1CHIxSF
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
75
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
'Gas war' breaks out when price falls below $2
Chris Woodyard , USA TODAY 7:10 p.m. EST December 4, 2014
Video Keywords road trip business segment Ford Expedition cheap gas OPEC Middle East Japan Europe United States China
The last time fuel was this cheap, at well under $3 a gallon nationally, was the fall of 2010. How long will we see these low prices? VPC
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:01  You've probably noticed that getting around town has gotten cheaper
00:05  this year yeah we're talking about gas prices. Well under three
00:10  dollars a gallon now the last time prices were this low
00:13  was 2010. And you may remember that prices were going up.
00:18  And down quite a bit during that time we've actually seen
00:21  gas prices now in a pretty steady decline since the summer
00:24  of point fourteen. And that comes without a lot of volatility.
00:28  As you fill up for that road trip to grandma's house
00:30  for the holidays considered the market facts that are causing gas
00:34  prices to drop. It's simple supply and demand. US oil production
00:39  is on the rise and OPEC is maintaining its levels of
00:44  oil production they put that altogether. You combine it with slacking
00:47  demand in places like Japan and Europe and the United States.
00:51  And that's why the price of fuel at the pump it's
00:53  so cheap cheap gas needs more drivers. A little extra cash
00:57  in their bank accounts. And many are feeling pretty good about
01:00  it heading out to our dealerships to pick up you set
01:03  of wheels. And with gas prices low so called gas guzzlers
01:08  are all the rage our shoppers. Shifted their focus toward suvs
01:12  and pickup trucks these lines in November smallest and he's really
01:16  suck big boom with overall sales up about 1% overall business
01:19  segment. Even three grow larger crossovers and traditional big suvs I'd
01:24  like Ford Expedition ship I was goes all increased 456%. Pick
01:29  up trucks while full size pick up where about 10% over
01:32  also another good month for them. Enjoyed driving around on that
01:35  cheap gas while it laugh as the old saying goes what
01:39  goes up. Must come down or in this case gas prices
01:42  that have gone down we'll eventually start. Back up again federal
01:47  officials are expecting demand to pick up in 2015. Particularly in
01:52  the Middle East and China but there is a silver lining.
01:56  Now the good news for consumers. Is the cars here in
01:59  the United States are more fuel efficient than they've ever been
02:02  that means your typical late model car you would feel prices
02:04  go up. We'll be more fuel efficient than the same late
02:07  model car maybe five years.
Rachel Schupack of Philadelphia pumps gas at a Wawa in Glen Mills, Pa.
(Photo: Eileen Blass, USA TODAY)
7622 CONNECT 117 TWEET 14 LINKEDIN 75 COMMENTEMAILMORE
How low are gas prices going? So low that "gas wars," a term not heard in many places since the early 1970s, are breaking out.
With gasoline prices crashing, stations are scrambling to stay ahead of each other when it comes to price cuts. It's a boon to consumers who have long griped about sky-high gas prices.
When a new station in Oklahoma City just priced its gas at $1.99 a gallon, a rival down the street cut the price by a penny — to $1.98 a gallon. It had to, reports Bloomberg News: At $1.99, cars were lined up in droves at the OnCue station on Shields Boulevard.
Bloomberg cites GasBiuddy.com as crediting OnCue with becoming one of the  first stations in the country to cut the price below $2 a gallon since oil prices started to plunge recently. The gas war is reminiscent  of the 1960s and 1970s when stations routinely vied to offer the cheapest gas, knowing their big price signs out front were sure to bring in customers. They also wooed motorists with gifts and gimmicks, like trading stamps or dinnerware.
Lower gas prices could spark similar price battles around the country. The average price of a gallon of regular gas Wednesday was $2.746, down more than 50 cents from a year ago, according to AAA's Fuel Gauge Report . In the oil-producing state of Oklahoma, it was even cheaper: an average of $2.532 a gallon.
As much as the OnCue station in "OK City" wanted to make an impact, it didn't last long. Bloomberg reports that in the evening, a station in the suburb of Moore beat them all with gas at $1.95 a gallon.
The wars are sure to continue.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1CHIxSF
USA NOW
Suspected family murderer has been found dead | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

#Express5: Khattars first interview as CM; David Warner breaks down during netpracticeBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 6, 2014 9:40 am | Updated: December 6, 2014 9:43 am
We recommend that you go through these five stories from The Indian Express before starting your day
1) Behind Punjab eye camp blinding: One doctor, 49 surgeries, double the day’s limit 
With officials saying on Friday that at least 33 people had lost their eyesight after undergoing cataract surgeries organised by a charitable organisation at a hospital near Gurdaspur, preliminary official inquiries have pinned the blame on “gross negligence” by the doctor, the NGO and the medical facility.
2) To Maldives, with tonnes of water — from India
At about 9.30pm on Thursday, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj was back at her residence after a day in Parliament when she received an urgent call from Dunya Maumoon, her counterpart in Maldives. Maumoon had an unusual request — drinking water for her island nation’s capital.

Orion Launch: NASA Spacecraft Completes Critical Step in Journey to MarsOrion Launch: NASA Spacecraft Completes Critical Step in Journey to Mars
China arrests former security chief ZhouYongkangBy: Associated Press | Beijing |
Posted: December 6, 2014 10:09 am | Updated: December 6, 2014 10:58 am
Chinese authorities arrested the once-feared ex-security chief Zhou Yongkang and launched a criminal investigation Saturday on charges ranging from adultery and bribery to leaking state secrets, after expelling him from the Communist Party overnight.
The developments, announced shortly after midnight, pave the way for a trial of the most senior figure so far to be ensnared in President Xi Jinping’s anti-corruption crackdown and appear to seal the downfall of a formerly powerful politician once considered a potent rival for Xi.
The square-jawed, granite-faced Zhou, 72, is the highest-level official to be prosecuted since the 1981 treason trial of Mao Zedong’s wife and other members of the “Gang of Four” who persecuted political opponents during the 1966-76 Cultural Revolution.
Although the case against Zhou has been touted by state media as another example of the party’s determination to fight corruption regardless of one’s rank, analysts say it is part of factional politics in the ruling party’s uppermost echelon.
“The fundamental issue remains the power struggle,” Beijing-based historian and independent political observer Zhang Lifan said.
The announcement past midnight on a weekend is a sign that the party leadership wants to downplay its impact, Zhang said. An allegation that Zhou leaked state secrets may give authorities a reason to close the trial and keep dirty politics under the wraps, he added.
Zhou had been under investigation for “severe disciplinary violations”, a phrase is usually used to describe corruption since last December. He had not been seen publicly since October 2013.
“He abused his power to help relatives, mistresses and friends make huge profits from operating businesses, resulting in serious losses of state-owned assets,” the official Xinhua News Agency said.
The party’s Central Commission for Discipline Inspection said in a statement posted online that the decision to expel Zhou was made Friday at a meeting of the 25-member Political Bureau of the party’s Central Committee. The attendees deliberated an investigation report on Zhou, who was in charge of China’s massive domestic security apparatus before his retirement in 2012, and referred the case to prosecutors.
Shortly after the expulsion was announced early Saturday, prosecutors announced Zhou’s formal arrest and opened a criminal case against him, the party said.
The investigation had found that Zhou had “seriously violated the Party’s political, organizational and confidentiality discipline,” Xinhua said.
“Zhou leaked the Party’s and country’s secrets,” the Xinhua report went on to say, without revealing what he might have leaked, or to whom. “He seriously violated self-disciplinary regulations and accepted a large amount of money and properties personally and through his family. Zhou committed adultery with a number of women and traded his power for sex and money.”
Any trial would be expected to have a foregone conclusion with Zhou convicted of his charges, because the outcomes of such high-profile trials are widely believed to be negotiated among top leaders ahead of time.
Zhou was considered by many observers and continued…

Anton Devcich all-round show levels series for NewZealandBy: Reuters | Dubai |
Posted: December 6, 2014 9:53 am | Updated: December 6, 2014 9:55 am
New Zealand survived Shahid Afridi’s late onslaught to beat Pakistan by 17 runs in the second and final Twenty20 match to level the series 1-1 on Friday.
Captain Afridi hit three massive sixes as he blasted 28 off 11 balls but he fell to the final ball of the 18th over and Pakistan lasted five more deliveries before being bowled out for 127.
Ahmed Shehzad top-scored with 33 but Pakistan never really recovered from slumping to 24 for three. Jimmy Neesham claimed three for 25, including the prize wicket of Afridi, while Kyle Mills returned three for 26.
Put into bat, New Zealand got off to a strong start with skipper Kane Williamson (32) dominating a 49-run opening partnership with Anton Devcich (21).
Off-spinner Mohammad Hafeez triggered a collapse when he breached Devcich’s defence with a quicker delivery before Afridi struck twice to peg back the Kiwis. Afridi trapped Dean Brownlie leg before for a duck with a delivery that TV replays suggested would have missed the leg stump.
The leg-spinner then clean bowled Williamson as the Kiwis, cruising at 49 for nought in the seventh over, slid to 58for three.
Tom Latham contributed 26 while Luke Ronchi (31) hit Afridi for two successive sixes in a 19-ball cameo to help New Zealand chalk up a competitive 144 for eight.

Pakistan should be given an answer for terror attacks in J&K  says retired Army Chief MalikDec 06, 2014 at  09:52am IST
Pakistan should be given an answer for terror attacks in J&K, says retired Army Chief Malik
12
0
New Delhi: Retired Army Chief General VP Malik has called for a fit reply to be given to Pakistan after Kashmir Valley was rocked by four terror attacks by terrorists from across the border who stormed an Army camp in Uri leaving 11 security personnel including a Lt Colonel dead and killed two civilians in Tral.
The attacks and gun battles with security forces which in all left 21 people dead also included a top commander of Pakistan-based terror outfit LeT and seven terrorists. Srinagar and Shopian were the other two places where the terrorists struck.
Malik said, "We have to give an answer to Pakistan. J&K people understand that our democracy is good."
#jammu and kashmir #terror attacks #terrorists #uri
The attack came just three days after a 72 per cent voter turnout was registered in the second phase of incident-free Assembly elections in Jammu and Kashmir on Tuesday in a rerun of record polling in the first phase.
Modi, who will be holding a rally in Srinagar city on Monday, condemned the terror attacks as "desperate attempts" to derail the atmosphere of hope created by the increased voter turnout and saluted the soldiers who laid down their lives for the nation.
Uri, Srinagar, Tral and Shopian goes to polls in the third and fourth phase over the next 10 days.
Uri town in North Kashmir woke up to a raging gun fight between terrorists and Army personnel on Friday morning as a group of six terrorists had targeted an artillery camp, located 20 km from the Line of Control (LoC) in a pre-dawn strike, official sources said.
The terrorists entered into the first barrack of the high-security artillery unit at 3.10 AM and fired several rounds which set off a fire. Four army personnel, who were injured in the gun fight, could not come out of the barrack and were charred to death, the sources said.
A message was relayed to the local police and nearby Punjab regiment which rushed its Quick Reaction Team to counter the intruding terrorists. However, the team was caught in a cross fire in which Lt Col Sankalp Kumar of Punjab
Regiment and three other ranks were killed.
An Assistant Sub Inspector of J&K police and two constables were also gunned down by the terrorists, who might have infiltrated into the region from Pakistan-Occupied Kashmir(POK) around Monday or Tuesday.
Armed with AK rifles, grenades and two shot guns, the dense fog in the region also came to the help of six militants who went on a killing spree before being shot dead by the Army at the Mohra in Uri tehsil of north Kashmir's Baramulla district which goes to polls on December 9.
In Tral, terrorists hurled a grenade at a police party in which two civilians were killed.
(With additional information from PTI)
6

Now  brands offer condoms hidden in books  w...Innovations in packaging: Brands offering condoms hidden in ‘books’ and ‘wallets’
By Rajiv Singh , ET Bureau | 6 Dec, 2014, 04.00AM IST
0
Share More
Innovations are necessary to give newness to the consumer in this category, which is normally hidden from public view at a majority of retail outlets. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Vishal Vyas, a bookworm, has always followed a thumb rule whenever it comes to buying books: "Never judge a book by its cover," he says, bursting into laughter. He knows the reason well. Vyas is the marketing manager of Chennai-based condom brand Skore, which has launched a 'book' to hide condoms, a first by any condom maker in India.
In this country where talking about sex openly is still a taboo, few ask for condoms confidently from a shop - "People may wear sex on their sleeves but they still don't flaunt condoms," quips Vyas. Condom makers are trying to find a way around. If Skore, the third largest condom brand in India, is pushing up the excitement tempo with its unique hidden pack, others too have been up to the game.
KamaSutra has Wallet packs where the major part of the couple's image remains hidden. It also boasts of Hardwear packs which are plastic packs easy to carry; Honeymoon packs that bundle condom with fun accessories such as satin blindfold and feather tickler; and Skyn that resembles a high-end perfume pack. "Consumers seek excitement in sex, and packaging innovations go a long way in giving a positive emotional appeal to the users," says Ranjukumar Mohan, director and business head at JK Ansell, the company that manufactures and sells KamaSutra condoms.
Innovations are necessary to give newness to the consumer in this category, which is normally hidden from public view at a majority of retail outlets, he adds. Condom makers, it seems, are scripting an innovative chapter to make plain rubber sexciting. They are still addressing a largely virgin condom market in India - annual sales total just about 53 lakh condoms - necessitating brands to think out of the box.
Innovation is the need of the hour, say marketing experts. With an ever-evolving sex landscape, society is becoming more open, couples are getting bold and experimentative and sexual attitude is undergoing huge transformation. "When it comes to sex, monotony sets in fast and couples looks for novelty or variety all the time," says Vyas. Skore's 'book' makes an effort to address this issue as well, while helping keep the other contents hidden. The first chapter warms up the readers with do's and don'ts on wearing a condom.
While the second chapter titillates them with various kinds of condoms, the next arouses them with adventurous sexual poses. And, the last section takes them to climax, where they get to see four packs of condoms. Priced at Rs 240, the book will be available on online store Flipkart starting Monday. It is also available on the company's own website. "The book is for free. We are charging for just four packs of condoms that's inside the book," says Vyas. Launched in November 2012, Skore has been leading the pack with innovations. Take, for instance, Skore Easy.
The water resistant pouches to dispose used condoms was launched last month. It has also rolled out India's first mobile commerce platform for buying condoms. There are Android and iOS apps as well to locate condom stores. Durex, another condom brand that has Bollywood actor Ranveer Singh as brand ambassador, is also betting big on innovations. "We will soon introduce a 'Love Pack' exclusively on Snapdeal, which will be an assortment of products and quirky merchandise," says a spokesperson for Reckitt Benckiser, which owns the brand.
Apart from flavoured variants such as strawberry, orange and banana and green apple, Durex also has a latex free condom called Real Feel. The Indian condom market is going through an interesting phase. Social segment, which has always been the dominant constituent of the overall condom market in India, fell by 6% in 2012 - currently, it makes up 40% of the condom market. The expansion of the commercial condom market means consumers are opting for brands of their choice and they are ready to pay a higher price for it.
"This also announces emergence of a new Indian buyer who is assertive and discerning enough," says Skore's Vyas. With millennial generation fiercely guarding their privacy, the 'need to hide' at least in personal living spaces might diminish, says Smitha Sarma Ranganathan, a Bangalore-based brand communication specialist. However the delirious delight of secrecy in matters of passion will prevail, she adds.

Commodity Futures Market- A Mechanism for Price Discovery and Price Risk ManagementCommodity Futures Market- A Mechanism for Price Discovery and Price Risk Management
Kashmir: 4 attacks within 12 hours; over 20 pronounced deadYou are here: Home > Collections > Srinagar
21 killed in terror attacks ahead of PM Narendra Modi's visit in Kashmir
Masood Hussain & BHAVNA VIJ AURORA, ET Bureau Dec 6, 2014, 06.44AM IST
Tags:
Ajai Sahni
(Modi condemned the attacks…)
SRINAGAR | NEW DELHI: Terrorists struck in Kashmir on Friday, leaving 21 people dead in multiple attacks, days before PM Narendra Modi is due to make a campaign stop in Srinagar in an election that has thus far seen voters turn out in unprecedented numbers in a strong rejection of the separatists' boycott call. The main attack took place in Uri, its ferocity reminiscent of the days when militancy was at its peak in Kashmir in 1990-95.
Modi condemned the attacks as "desperate attempts to derail the atmosphere of hope and goodwill as seen by increased voter turnout" and said he wouldn't be changing his plans to travel to Kashmir. He also called Army Chief Gen Dalbir Suhag for a meeting on security preparedness. Election Commission officials said they are unlikely to change the poll schedule, with three out of a total five phases yet to be completed.
The timing of the attacks is crucial. After two massively polled phases, Kashmir is readying for another one on Tuesday with Modi's maiden public speech in Srinagar slated for Monday.
Also, Friday was a state holiday for Sheikh Abdullah's birth anniversary. Besides this, the attacks come as the army has been seeking to reach out to the community with some of its personnel being prosecuted and punished for wrongful deaths. Home ministry officials discerned a pattern to the attacks. They also said the two militants killed as they tried to enter Srinagar may have been targeting the prime minister's rally.
Bloody Friday Started at 3 am
The attacks took place in four places in north, south and central Kashmir in a span of 12 hours. The fatalities included eight soldiers, eight militants, three policemen and two civilians.
Bloody Friday started early at about 3 am with the attack in Uri, seen as an unlikely target as it's part of a fortified border belt — this is the first time it's been hit. Six militants, armed to the teeth and dressed in white uniforms, barged into a local garrison at Mahura housing the 31 Field Regiment and also the location of an ammunition depot. Police sources said while guards outside the main gate killed one of the militants, the rest managed to get inside.
Though the close combat between the two sides was over by around 10 am, almost seven hours after they entered, a series of mop-up operations took place before the exercise was declared complete. Eight soldiers were killed, including Lt Col Sankalp Kumar. A local sub-divisional police officer (SDPO) was also killed along with three of his colleagues.
All the militants were killed. Five soldiers were injured.
The slain militants haven't been identified, an army spokesperson said, adding that six AK rifles with 55 magazines, two shotguns, two night vision binoculars, four radio sets and 32 unused grenades were among the materiel recovered. As reporters were busy waiting for the conclusion of the operation in Uri, two militants were intercepted by police in the Ahmednagar area of Srinagar. In the exchange of fire, one militant was killed and the other took shelter in a house before being killed in the next half hour. Police identified one of the two as Lashkare-Toiba commander Qari Israr and termed the operation a big success.
  As the day progressed, it was time for Juma namaz in Shopian. While people were offering prayers, a grenade was lobbed in the direction of the police station, but it hit a large chinar tree without causing loss of life or property. Some cops dismissed this as "barely a defused grenade".
Meanwhile, in militancy-infested Tral, independent candidate Abdul Rashid Sheikh had parked his vehicle and had gone into the mosque to offer Friday prayers. Militants tossed a grenade toward one of vehicles, killing two and injuring more than 25.
"Once again shows the desperate levels militants will go to disrupt peace and normalcy," Chief Minister Omar Abdullah tweeted. He hoped Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh would "take steps to plug the gaps in CI (confidential informants') grid". Singh, for his part, was blunt in directing his criticism across the border during a campaign speech in Rajouri. "Why is it that people who indulge in such activities hide in Pakistan? Should Pakistan not answer? I think Pakistan should try to stop these incidents. If they can't, they should speak to India about it," Singh said on Friday.
Congress leader Ghulam Nabi Azad was cryptic in his comments in Beerwa, where Omar Abdullah is contesting."Both internal and external forces are responsible for these attacks in Kashmir," Azad told reporters on the sidelines of a rally. "They don't want the democratic process of elections to go smoothly in the region. There are some political parties which are in league with these agencies."

Security increased in Ayodhya on Babri Masjid demolition anniversaryAyodhya peaceful on 22nd anniversary of Babri demolition
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Ayodhya, December 06, 2014
First Published: 10:54 IST(6/12/2014) | Last Updated: 14:47 IST(6/12/2014)
Comments
No untoward incident has been reported Saturday in Ayodhya and the temple town is peaceful under tight security cover on the 22th anniversary of the demolition of Babri mosque, officials said.
Nearly 10,000 security personnel have been deployed amid calls by Muslim outfits to mark the day by hoisting black flags as well as Hindu bodies seeking to commemorate it.
Prohibitory orders under Section 144 of the Indian Penal Code have been clamped in the city and mounted police will be among about 10,000 police and anti-riot personnel keeping a vigil.
The local administration has laid a three-tier security cordon around the twin cities of Ayodhya and Faizabad with officials of superintendent rank manning the key areas. Two dozens CCTV cameras have also been installed across Ayodhya.
While Hindu organisations, including the Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP), has said it will observe it as "day of bravery victory", Muslim organisations announced that it will be marked as a black day while appealing to the community to hoist black flags and observe a shut down.
The VHP will organise its traditional Hindu Sammelan at Karsevakpuram in the afternoon in presence of Ayodhya's prominent religious leaders and members of VHP's central committee.
Muslims marked the day as Yaum-e-Gham or Day of Sorrow and Massodyab Jilani, brother of Zafaryab Zilani, addressed the gathering on the occasion. Zafaryab is convener of the Babri Masjid Action Committee and member of the Muslim Personal Law Board.
He also visited the place of Hashim Ansari, the oldest litigant in the Ayodhya case, in the morning. Ansari had said on Wednesday he wants to withdraw from the petition in the Supreme Court.
 
Ansari, who is suffering from heart trouble and a hip bone fracture kept himself away from public programs to mark the day. Security has been stepped up in Ansari's house.
Samajwadi party MLA from Ayodhya Tej Narayan paid a visit to Ansari and Haji Mahboob, one of the prominent leaders of Babri Masjid movement and the Ayodhya case.
 
Superintendent of police of Faizabad RS Gautam told HT the area of vigilance has been expanded beyond the twin cities of Ayodhya and Faizabad to nearby sensitive towns like Rudauli, Bhadarsa and Amaniganj this year.
He added policemen are continuously searching the sensitive points like hotels, dharamshalas, guesthouses, bus and railway stations as well as other public places.
Simultaneously, shrines and temples of Ayodhya and Faizabad have been asked to maintain a visitor's register and record the names of pilgrims visiting them.
All entry points to the twin cities have been sealed and entry will be allowed only after complete security check at barriers installed at more than two dozen sensitive places, police said.
The area between Terhi Bazar to Asharfi Bhawan crossing in Ayodhya has been sealed for the day and no outsider will be allowed entry.
Many Hindus believe the site is the birthplace of Lord Ram and a giant temple dedicated to him should be built there, but Muslims want to build a mosque at the site.
The Allahabad high court said in a 2010 ruling the land be divided into three parts - one for Ram Lala, represented by the Hindu Mahasabha for the construction of a temple, another for the Sunni Waqf Board and the third for Hindu group Nirmohi Akhara.
Appeals on the case - originally filed in 1950 and then expanded over the years as more parties claimed title to the property- rest before the Supreme Court, which is yet to hear the matter.
The demolition of the mosque allegedly by Hindu activists sparked riots that spilled into the following year and have been blamed for about 2,000 deaths.
(With inputs from PTI)

Vamsheedhar Chennamaneni buys 2.01 lakh shares of CignitiDec 06, 2014, 10.38 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Vamsheedhar Chennamaneni buys 2.01 lakh shares of Cigniti
On December 5, 2014 Vamsheedhar Chennamaneni bought 201,634 shares of Cigniti Tech at Rs 473.43 per share on NSE.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Vamsheedhar Chennamaneni buys 2.01 lakh shares of Cigniti
On December 5, 2014 Vamsheedhar Chennamaneni bought 201,634 shares of Cigniti Tech at Rs 473.43 per share on NSE.
Post your opinion here
 
On December 5, 2014 Vamsheedhar Chennamaneni bought 201,634 shares of  Cigniti Tech  at Rs 473.43 per share on NSE.
On Friday, Cigniti Technologies closed at Rs 467.25, up Rs 3.10, or 0.67 percent.
The share touched its 52-week high Rs 500.05 and 52-week low Rs 194.00 on 22 October, 2014 and 09 December, 2013, respectively.
RELATED NEWS

Terrorists want to disrupt J&K Assembly elections due to high voter turnout  says Jitendra SinghTerrorists want to disrupt J&K Assembly elections due to high voter turnout, says Jitendra Singh
CNN-IBN | Dec 06, 2014 at  11:17am IST
New Delhi: Minister of State for Prime Minister's Office Jitendra Singh on Saturday condemned the terror attack on four towns of Jammu and Kashmir and said terrorists wanted to disrupt the state Assembly polls as there has been a high voter turnout in the first two phases.
Singh said, "Terrorists want to disrupt polls. There has been an increase in infiltration bids by terrorists. I don't see any fall in polling percentage."
Kashmir Valley was rocked by four attacks by terrorists from across the border who stormed an Army camp in Uri leaving 11 security personnel including a Lt Colonel dead and killed two civilians in Tral.
The attacks and gun battles with security forces which in all left 21 people dead also included a top commander of Pakistan-based terror outfit LeT and seven terrorists. Srinagar and Shopian were the other two places where the terrorists struck.
Singh assured that Prime Minister Narendra Modi will go ahead with his rallies in the state. "People of Kashmir are looking forward to the PM's visit. The campaigning has been unaffected irrespective of events."
Modi will visit the state on December 8 to campaign in Srinagar for the Bharatiya Janata Party.
Singh added that Home Minister Rajnath Singh was in the state and has assured that the appropriate action will be taken. He said, "People of Kashmir will not be cowed down by such acts."
The attack came just three days after a 72 per cent voter turnout was registered in the second phase of incident-free Assembly elections in Jammu and Kashmir on Tuesday in a rerun of record polling in the first phase.
Modi condemned the terror attacks as "desperate attempts" to derail the atmosphere of hope created by the increased voter turnout and saluted the soldiers who laid down their lives for the nation.
Uri, Srinagar, Tral and Shopian goes to polls in the third and fourth phase over the next 10 days.
Uri town in North Kashmir woke up to a raging gun fight between terrorists and Army personnel on Friday morning as a group of six terrorists had targeted an artillery camp, located 20 km from the Line of Control (LoC) in a pre-dawn strike, official sources said.
The terrorists entered into the first barrack of the high-security artillery unit at 3:10 AM and fired several rounds which set off a fire. Four army personnel, who were injured in the gun fight, could not come out of the barrack and were charred to death, the sources said.
A message was relayed to the local police and nearby Punjab regiment which rushed its Quick Reaction Team to counter the intruding terrorists. However, the team was caught in a cross fire in which Lt Col Sankalp Kumar of Punjab Regiment and three other ranks were killed.
An Assistant Sub Inspector of J&K police and two constables were also gunned down by the terrorists, who might have infiltrated into the region from Pakistan-Occupied Kashmir(POK) around Monday or Tuesday.
Armed with AK rifles, grenades and two shot guns, the dense fog in the region also came to the help of six militants who went on a killing spree before being shot dead by the Army at the Mohra in Uri tehsil of north Kashmir's Baramulla district which goes to polls on December 9.
In Tral, terrorists hurled a grenade at a police party in which two civilians were killed.
(With additional information from PTI)
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

Ashton Carter to replace Hagel as new U.S. defence secretaryAshton Carter to replace Hagel as new U.S. defence secretary
Monte Carlo IPO bought eight timesHi Guest
Monte Carlo IPO bought eight times
The category meant for institutional investors was subscribed 14 times. Monte Carlo Fashions’ Rs 350-crore (Rs 3.5 billion) initial public offering saw eight times more demand than shares on offer.The 5.4-million share offering by the apparel company received 24.9 million bids worth Rs 15,000 crore (Rs 150 billion).The category meant for institutional investors was subscribed 14 times. The retail portion received a subscription of 6.6 times. But the high networth investor quota was ...

Thousands pay tribute to Dr Babasahed Ambedkar on deathanniversaryBy: Press Trust of India | Mumbai |
Posted: December 6, 2014 11:38 am | Updated: December 6, 2014 3:11 pm
Rich tributes were paid to the architect of Constitution, Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar on his 58th death anniversary, observed as ‘Mahaparinirvan Din’ by thousands of followers from all over the state who converged at his memorial ‘Chaityabhoomi’ on Saturday near Shivaji Park in Dadar.
Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis and Education Minister Vinod Tawde were among the leaders who paid homage to Ambedkar at ‘Chaityabhoomi’.
At Mantralaya, the state secretariat, floral tributes were offered to the late leader. At Vidhan Bhawan, Legislature staff paid tributes to Ambedkar.
The city’s public transport wing, BEST undertaking, ran special buses between Dadar and Shivaji Park, an official said, adding that food stalls were also being put up to provide free snacks there.
The BMC has set up temporary sheds, mobile toilets and six medical stalls at Shivaji Park, Dadar Station, at Rajgriha (Ambedkar’s residence) and Kurla Terminus.
Arrangements were also made to provide drinking water at Shivaji Park, he said

Seven additional facilities at WenlockUpdated: December 6, 2014 11:45 IST
Seven additional facilities at Wenlock
Raghava M.
Tweet
The Hindu
Ministers K. Abhayachandra Jain, B. Ramanatha Rai, and U.T. Khader at Wenlock Hospital in Mangaluru on Friday. Photo: H.S. Manjunath
Drug Resistant Tuberculosis Centre has two patients already
Ashok (40), a mechanic and resident of Kotekar, has for the past nine months been taking eight tablets every morning to treat the drug resistant tuberculosis that he has been diagnosed with.
He has been following the same schedule, under the watchful eyes of a staff nurse, at the newly-opened Drug Resistant Tuberculosis Centre at the Government Wenlock Hospital.
Mr. Ashok is one of two patients with drug resistant tuberculosis at the centre. “There is no change in the schedule of taking drugs. The difference now is there are people here to attend to discomfort I have at the time of taking medicines.”
Mr. Ashok was suffering from breathlessness after consuming drugs. “It’s better here,” he said. This centre was among seven new additions to the Government Wenlock Hospital that were formally inaugurated by District in-charge Minister B. Ramanath Rai and Health Minister U.T. Khader. This centre, proposed four years ago, was ready in August.
Patients with drug resistant tuberculosis will be here for about two weeks when they will be treated for free. Mr. Ashok and Balakrishna (60), also from Kotekar, are the first two patients.
Mr. Balakrishna has been diagnosed with extreme multi drug resistant tuberculosis.
Among the new facilities formally launched on Friday included the Clubfoot Treatment Centre, which has been operating in the hospital since March.
As many as 33 children with clubfoot have been treated of which 12 have recovered completely, said Gopi Busantham, the State Program Manager of Cure India that runs the centre.
The other centres that were inaugurated were the full-fledged Dental Treatment Clinic run by A.J. Shetty Institute of Dental Sciences, Semi ICU of 12 beds, new X-ray centre, new mortuary and sewage treatment plant.

Economy likely to grow at 5.5% in FY15: NomuraEconomy likely to grow at 5.5% in FY15: Nomura
Tigerair to spicejets rescue chennai: with the crisis-ridden...8 Followers
Tigerair to SpiceJet’s Rescue?
CHENNAI: With the crisis-ridden SpiceJet desperately seeking an infusion of fresh FUNDS, one of the potential investors the airline is believed to have approached is Singapore-based Tigerair.
Though Tigerair, also a low-cost carrier, has spread its wings across the South-East Asia  in its decade-long existence, it is in a spot of FINANCIAL bother itself and may just be tempted to take a look at the SpiceJet’s books.
Though a direct answer to whether they had approached or had been approached by SpiceJet wasn’t forthcoming, Tigerair’s Commercial Director Robert Yang did say, “We are constantly looking at opportunities to strengthen our Indian network. We are always on the lookout for expansion opportunities in India, which is subject to MARKET demand and regulatory approvals,” when asked if they would go the AirAsia India route.
Tiger, of which Singapore Airlines is a majority stakeholder, currently connects Chennai, Kochi, Tiruchy, Hyderabad and Bangalore with Singapore.
The airline has the advantage of already having evaluated SpiceJet’s mounting losses,  shortly before they entered into an inter-airline agreement (on the lines of a codeshare) last December.
12.00 PM Dec 6th  | Track

New Republic Editors Resign In Major Shake-UpTop New Republic Editors Franklin Foer And Leon Wieseltier Resign In Shake-Up
Posted:
reddit
NEW YORK -- In one of the biggest editorial shake-ups in The New Republic's 100-year history, editor Franklin Foer and literary editor Leon Wieseltier resigned on Thursday amid an internal dispute over the magazine's editorial direction.
Management announced plans to reimagine the venerable politics and culture magazine "as a vertically integrated digital media company" and halve the number of print issues published per year. Gabriel Snyder, who is currently overseeing digital efforts at Bloomberg Media and was previously top editor at Gawker and The Wire, has been hired to replace Foer.
Speculation had run rampant that Foer might leave the magazine, which he returned to edit in 2012 following its sale to Facebook co-founder Chris Hughes. Some staffers fear that Hughes and chief executive Guy Vidra are too focused on increasing Web traffic, and that such a strategy could pull the magazine away from its legacy of narrative journalism and criticism.
Staffers said they were blindsided by Vidra's hiring to a newly created position above Foer. And concerns grew following a Oct. 24 all-hands meeting in which Hughes and Vidra spoke about the magazine as if it was a tech start-up, sources told The Huffington Post. At the meeting, there was even some talk of the staffers getting shares in the company after the restructuring. The message conveyed by Hughes, according to one staffer, was to be less like The New Yorker and more like Facebook.
The conflicting visions seemed evident during last month’s centennial gala . Foer and Wieseltier, who has worked at the magazine for thirty years, evoked its traditions and heralded past editors, while Hughes and Vidra emphasized the need to experiment and grow online.
In a Thursday memo to staff, Foer acknowledged the competing plans for the magazine's future. "Chris and Guy have significant plans for this place," he wrote. "And their plans and my own vision for TNR meaningfully diverge."
Several New Republic staffers told The Huffington Post they side with Foer and Wieseltier, and that some are considering following them out the door.
“All of us here are pretty depressed and disgusted,” a senior staffer said.
In his memo, Foer described The New Republic as "one of the great loves of my life -- a set of ideas, a history, a collection of people I revere.
"I grew up here, made my best friends here, and learned so many profound lessons about the world in the process," Foer wrote. "Part of the joy has been the struggle: We've fought to preserve an institution that was perpetually imperiled," he continued. "It's been hairy at moments, no doubt, but also exhilarating and immense fun. I've had an especially wonderful time these past two and half years. We've published essays and journalism that have actually, in moments, changed the world, or at least people's opinions about the world."
In a separate memo to staff, Vidra praised the outgoing editors and explained why management believes Snyder is best equipped to steer the magazine in a new direction.
"Gabriel is ideally suited to bridge traditional journalism and digital media.  He is committed – as am I – to The New Republic’s mission of impact, influence and persuasion, but understands that fulfilling that mission in today’s media landscape requires new forms," Vidra wrote. "He truly reflects the 'straddle generation' of journalists and editors who remain deeply rooted in the qualities of traditional journalism -- having worked with brands such as the New York Observer and The Atlantic -- but also understands what it takes to create content that will travel across all platforms. We believe he is the right person to help us to maintain the core DNA of The New Republic, while propelling us forward to the 21st century."
Vidra also announced a coming "recalibration of our resources," which will involve making changes to staff structure and decreasing the number of print issues published each year from 20 to 10. He said that The New Republic's center of gravity would shift from Washington, D.C., to New York, noting that the magazine will have a "newly re-designed, expanded office" in Union Square. "New York was the original home of The New Republic, and we’re thrilled to further expand our presence here," he wrote.
On Twitter, previous New Republic writers and others close to the magazine criticized the shift.
The New Yorker's Ryan Lizza, who had previously been a New Republic staff editor, tweeted that he wanted his "contributing editor" title immediately removed from the magazine's masthead.
"So for Chris Hughes, 100 years of The New Republic was apparently enough," tweeted The Atlantic's Jeffrey Goldberg.
More:

Rahul Gandhi wears black band as mark of protest against Sadhvi s remarkpicture  others
Rahul Gandhi wears black band as mark of protest against Sadhvi’s remark
Rahul Gandhi wears black band to Lok Sabha on Friday as a mark of the protest demanding sacking of minister Sadhvi Niranjan Jytoi for controversial remarks. (Source: Express photo by Premnath Pandey)
Congress supporters along with Rahul Gandhi staging silent protest outside Parliament house on Friday.  (Source: Express photo by Premnath Pandey)
Rahul Gandhi said that the protest was being held against the govt's attitude of curbing the Opposition's voice. (Source: Express photo by Premnath Pandey)
Congress vice president further said "The government does not want democratic expression and democratic voice." (Source: Express photo by Premnath Pandey)
The statement by Prime Minister Narendra Modi over the controversial remark by his minister Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti seems to have failed to pacify the Opposition as many of them protested outside Parliament house on Friday.  (Source: Express photo by Premnath Pandey)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday said the matter should be put to rest after her apology, but it failed to satisfy the opposition. (Source: Express photo by Premnath Pandey)
Related

eBay launches iberry Auxus ONE 207 smartphone  RIST SmartwatchGlobal cos to hire most from India: Pepsico India chief D Shivakumar
eBay India has announced the exclusive launch of iberry Auxus’ latest gadgets the Auxus ONE Smartphone and the iberry Auxus RIST Smartwatch exclusively on ebay.in.
The devices are priced at Rs 15,990 and Rs 9,990 respectively and are available from December 8 exclusively on ebay.in.
iberry Auxus ONE packs a unique feature which enables users to scroll up/down and capture the images on camera touching the back panel of the phone.
Auxus RIST Smartwatch is India’s first attempt at a smartwatch with inbuilt SIM slot on an Android OS. It is waterproof smartwatch mobile powered by a dual core processor. The new age smart device also supports voice input method powered by Google Now.
“Auxus products have been well received by gadget enthusiasts logging into ebay.in. We are confident that the smartphone and smartwatch will also be a grand success on ebay.in,” said Vidmay Naini, Business Head – Technology Category, PaisaPay & PowerShip, eBay India.
“We felt more than concentrating on value for money, we should rather go back to our drawing board, plan and create something that is perfectly right from the point of holding it till it consumption,” added Feroz Ahmed, Co-founder and COO, iberry Auxus.
Auxus ONE Smartphone
* Sony™ Sensor 15.5MP 207 degree revolving camera
* Runs on a 1.7GHz Hybrid Octa- Core MT6592 processor with an Android 4.4 OS
* 5.7” inch OGS HD Full Lamination display  protected by Gorilla Glass
* Powered by a 2GB RAM, Mali-450 GPU, GPS and NFC
* Supports a Dual SIM feature and uses a 3200mah li-polymer battery    * Memory space of 32 GB and expandable up to a massive storage capacity of 128 GB
* Price: INR 15,990
* Waterproof Smartwatch with Dualcore processor
* 32GB expandable memory via MicroSD card
* WiFi compatibility with Bluetooth 4.0 and GPS
* 3MP Camera with Video recording feature
* MicroSIM slot that supports voice call and data over 3G
* Powered by Li-ion rechargeable removable battery lasting for the whole day
* Price: INR 9,990
TAGS: Iberry Auxus
More from industry
IIT-Guwahati prof accused of rape by office assistant, held The dean of academic affairs at the IIT here has been arrested for allegedly raping an office assistant, a senior police officer said on Tuesday. “A case was registered against IIT Guwahati Professor Alok Kumar Ghosal at the Panbazar Women police station here… He was brought to the police station for examination last night and […]

Micromax Canvas Xpress on Flipkart for Rs 6 999Global cos to hire most from India: Pepsico India chief D Shivakumar
Going with the trend these days, Micromax will sell is new smartphone, the Canvas Xpress, exclusively on Flipkart.com.
Priced at Rs 6,999, this Android Kitkat phone will be on the e-commerce site from December 8, 2014.
The Canvas Xpress comes with innovative software features like HotKnot to transfer data with just a tap and Smart Wake that lets users open their favorite apps through customised gestures from the locked screen.
Powered by a 1.3GHz quad core processor with 1GB RAM, the 4.5-inch phone has a FWVGA display with dynamic contrast. The phone has a 5MP Auto Focus rear camera and 0.3MP front camera. Power-packed with a 1950 mAh battery, the phones comes with expandable memory of up to 32GB.
Aircel get free data worth 500mb per month for the first six months on the phone.
TAGS: Micromax Canvas Xpress
More from industry
IIT-Guwahati prof accused of rape by office assistant, held The dean of academic affairs at the IIT here has been arrested for allegedly raping an office assistant, a senior police officer said on Tuesday. “A case was registered against IIT Guwahati Professor Alok Kumar Ghosal at the Panbazar Women police station here… He was brought to the police station for examination last night and […]

AstraZeneca  Ranbaxy prevail in Nexium antitrust trialAstraZeneca, Ranbaxy prevail in Nexium antitrust trial
Reuters |  Dec 06, 2014 03:58 AM IST
A Massachusetts jury has found that an agreement between AstraZeneca Plc and Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd to delay the launch of a generic version of AstraZeneca's heartburn drug Nexium was not anticompetitive.
The verdict, handed down Friday in federal court in Boston, is the first time a jury has decided such a case since the US Supreme Court ruled last year that so-called "pay-for-delay" settlements may run afoul of antitrust laws.
The US Federal Trade Commission estimates that pay-for-delay deals, in which a branded drugmaker pays a generic rival to stay off the market, cost consumers $3.5 billion each year.
An attorney for the plaintiffs, which include drug wholesalers, retailers and insurers, could not be reached for comment. AstraZeneca and an attorney for Ranbaxy released statements saying they were pleased with the verdict.
The lawsuit, which began in 2012, challenged a 2008 settlement in a patent suit between AstraZeneca and Ranbaxy. The plaintiffs claim the settlement gave Ranbaxy nearly $1 billion to delay the launch of its generic Nexium.
The suit originally also targeted two other generic drugmakers that reached deals with AstraZeneca over Nexium, namely Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd and Dr. Reddy's Laboratories Ltd, but both settled with the plaintiffs.
Two other cases against the same four companies over the Nexium settlements are pending in Pennsylvania state court. Those cases are not affected by Friday's verdict.
Ranbaxy had planned to launch generic Nexium this year, but the FDA recently revoked its approval, citing problems with the company's manufacturing process.
The case is In re Nexium Antitrust Litigation, US District Court for the District of Massachusetts, No. 12-2409.

Now  questions over GVK Biosciences  clinical trials dataNow, questions over GVK Biosciences' clinical trials data
Reuters | Frankfurt/London/Paris Dec 06, 2014 06:15 AM IST
Regulators in France, Germany, Belgium and Luxembourg are suspending the marketing approval of 25 generic drugs due to concerns over the quality of data from clinical trials conducted by India's GVK Biosciences, French watchdog ANSM said on Friday.
The quality of Indian pharmaceuticals has come under fire this year, with regulators in Europe and the United States citing problems ranging from data manipulation to sanitation and banning the import of certain products from several firms.
"This decision is taken out of precaution. No element at this stage has led to establish a true risk for human health or a lack of efficacy of these drugs," ANSM said on its website.
All of the drugs being suspended, several of which are manufactured by Mylan Inc
and Abbott
, have brand name equivalents that can be used instead, so patients will not have to interrupt their treatment, it added.
ANSM and Germany's Federal Institute for Drugs and Medical Devices (BfArM) said they were investigating the drug approvals based on clinical trials meant to show that these generic drugs were equivalent to the original branded versions conducted by GVK between 2008 and 2014.
ANSM said it had alerted European authorities after it inspected GVK's site in Hyderabad, India, and found "anomalies" in the way electrocardiograms were monitored during the bioequivalence studies. It said the inspection raised serious concerns over whether the company's studies complied with good clinical practices.
The London-based European Medicines Agency (EMA) separately released a statement saying it would "issue a recommendation on whether the marketing authorisations of the concerned medicines should be maintained, varied, suspended or withdrawn across the EU". That recommendation is expected in January 2015.
The German watchdog said it was investigating 176 approvals given to 28 drugmakers. It did not name the drugs or companies affected and did not estimate how many approvals it would end up suspending.
BfArM said it was ordering drugmakers whose approvals were found to have been based on data from GVK trials to stop distributing the drugs concerned until they could provide data from new studies.
ANSM said several drugmakers - it did not identify them - had already offered to carry out new studies which, if positive, could allow the drugs on the market again.
GVK was not immediately available for comment.
In a statement posted on its website, it said the EMA's Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) had found that studies it conducted in Hyderabad were insufficient to support drug approvals.
"We at GVK BIO believe that the studies conducted are in accordance with the GCP (good clinical practice) guidelines while we honour the conclusion made by CHMP," it said in the statement, which was not dated.
It said it expected affected drugmakers would need to repeat the concerned studies in the next 12 to 15 months.

Ramesh Iyer helped Mahindra Finance scale upStory
Rural lender
Ramesh Iyer successfully scaled up an NBFC in the country's rural and semi-urban districts despite the odds.
Anand Adhikari      Follow @anandadhikari    Edition: Dec 21, 2014
Ramesh Iyer, MD, Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services | Best CEO: Financial Services (Mid-sized companies) | (Photo: Rachit Goswami)
Soon after joining Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services (Mahindra Finance) in the mid-1990s as General Manager (Operations), Ramesh Iyer approached an M&M dealer and offered easy financing schemes for his retail clients. "I have my own finance company. Why do I need finance from you?" replied the dealer, who was lending to locals in his district. "Finance wasn't required in a big way in the mid-90s as customers tended to be debt- averse," says Iyer.
About Ramesh Iyer
Iyer went ahead and launched wholesale lending products for dealers of M&M's jeeps and tractors. He actually called up dealers to convince them to take finance from Mahindra Finance for buying vehicles. "If the dealers had a credit balance with Mahindras, they used to get extra vehicle allocations from M&M," says Iyer. This was followed with the launch of retail products as the company gradually expanded operations.
Today, Iyer has delivered more than what he set out to do in the mid-90s when the company was founded to help support M&M. Mahindra Finance has transformed from being a captive finance company to becoming India's largest non-banking finance company in the rural and semi-rural areas. It has an asset base of Rs 31,665 crore, higher than many old private sector banks such as Dhanalakshmi Bank, Lakshmi Vilas Bank or Catholic Syrian Bank. The company has churned out profits of Rs 887 crore in 2013/14, which is one fifth of parent M&M's standalone profits. The company has also spread out across 893 branches with an employee strength of 12,816 people.
"We will not become a bank just for the sake of it unless the regulatory framework allows the current value created in the company to continue. We just cannot destroy value to create value"
Iyer's journey to the corner room came with its fair share of struggles. He began his career as a management trainee with a Mahindra Group company in 1979 after completing his MBA from Mumbai University. He worked in the commercial department (tendering of projects and invoicing and collection). He rose to the middle management level in six years. In 1985, he shifted to Golden Tobbaco Company (GTC). He was responsible for raising finances for GTC's projects.
In 1990, Iyer joined Ashok Leyland Finance as a branch manager in Mumbai. "I grew to become the regional manager," says Iyer. The assignment at Ashok Leyland Finance exposed Iyer to lending operations for the first time. "The real learning in those four to five years was customer intimacy. At the end of the day, the success of a lending business is in recovery," says Iyer.
The shift from the well established Ashok Leyland Finance to Mahindra Finance in 1995 wasn't smooth. As GM (Operations) of Mahindra Finance, Iyer had to build a new business from scratch. "The Leyland learning was that the success of a finance company eventually is in retail and not on a wholesale product," says Iyer who started by opening the first branch of Mahindra Finance outside Mumbai, in Jaipur. This was followed up by opening five to 10 branches every year across the country. "We have not shut even a single branch since inception," says Iyer. In 1999, Mahindra Finance introduced retail financing of tractors in rural and semi-urban areas. Today, some 700 of its branches are in rural India.
The other nominees: Financial Services (Mid-sized companies)
Iyer was made the Managing Director of Mahindra Finance in 2001. Around that time, the company had begun financing non-M&M vehicles. "We went to Maruti . The dialogue started in 1999 and the tie-up finally happened in 2001,' says Iyer. "Today, we do about 8,900 vehicles a month for Maruti."
Bharat Doshi, Chairman of Mahindra Finance, says Iyer is a very inspiring leader. "Iyer leads from the front. He fully knows what is happening at the ground level," says Doshi.
In 2008, Mahindra Finance entered the home loans segment. This business, still in its infancy, was added based on the inputs from branches. "Many of our customers have houses which are not pucca," says Iyer.
Indeed, Mahindra Finance surprised everyone when it didn't apply for a banking licence. "Banking will always occupy top of the mind agenda for reviewing, but just for the sake of becoming a bank we will not become a bank unless the regulatory framework allows the current value to continue," explains 56-year-old Iyer. "We cannot destroy (existing) value to create value (in a banking platform)," he signs off.

Cost of adaptating to impacts of climate change much more than previous estimates: UN reportILE - In this April 3, 2014 file photo, machines dig for brown coal at the open-cast mining Garzweiler in front of a power plant emitting steam near the city of Grevenbroich in western Germany. (Source: AP)
Written by Amitabh Sinha | Express At Lima |
Posted: December 6, 2014 10:09 am | Updated: December 12, 2014 10:45 am
Reinforcing the enormity of the challenge in dealing with climate change, a new UN report has said that even if greenhouse gas emissions were cut in the most optimistic manner from now on, the costs of adapting to the impacts of climate change would be at least two to three times more than previous estimates of just a few months earlier.
In a first-ever Adaptation Gap report, the UN Environment Programme has said that current projections of an annual requirement of $70 to $100 billion in adaptation costs by 2050 might prove to be a gross underestimate. The amount needed might be at least two to three times that figure, it said.
The figure of $70 to $100 billion per year by 2050 had been estimated by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) whose Fifth Assessment Report, released in four parts over the last one year, is the most comprehensive assessment of the scientific basis of climate change ever. The IPCC estimates were based largely on 2010 data of World Bank.
But the UNEP report, released here on Friday, said South Asia, one of the most vulnerable regions, alone might require an average of between $30 to $40 billion for adaptation every year.
Globally, the money required could be as high as $150 billion per year by 2025 or 2030 and between $250 to $500 billion per year by 2050, it said. And these are estimates of best case scenarios when adequate action is taken to rein in greenhouse gas emissions in order to keep the average temperature rise to within 2 degree Celsius as compared to 1850.
“In cases of higher warming pathways, post 2030 cost of adaptation or residual damages are likely to rise very significantly due to higher levels and rate of change and the greater level of anticipatory adaptation,” the report said.
It said in business as usual scenario, the costs to adapt could be as high as $1 trillion per year.
Last month, the UNEP had come out with the Emissions Gap report, an annual analysis of the gap between where the current efforts to cut emissions will take us and what science says must be done to keep temperatures below 2 degree rise. It had said that to meet the 2 degree goal, countries needed to ensure at least 55 per cent cut in emissions compared to 2010 levels by 2050. The emissions needed to be reduced further to net zero somewhere between 2080 and 2100.
The Adaptation Gap report comes at a time when developing countries, continued…

IPTL caravan set to entertain New DelhiNEW DELHI, December 6, 2014
Updated: December 6, 2014 00:13 IST
IPTL caravan set to entertain New Delhi
Kamesh Srinivasan
Manila Mavericks' Carlos Moya, along with Indian Aces’ Sania Mirza, Ana Ivanovic, Fabrice Santoro, Gael Monfils and Rohan Bopanna, line up for lensmen in New Delhi on Friday. — PHOTO: S. SUBRAMANIUM
TOPICS
tennis
The fact that the all-time greats like Roger Federer and Pete Sampras, apart from Novak Djokovic will specifically be coming to Delhi, shows the importance that the multiple Grand Slam champion Mahesh has placed on the Indian show.
It is four teams and a galaxy of tennis stars who will whet every fan’s appetite. For most of the fans who are used to following the Grand Slams on television, it will be absolute world class entertainment in the International Premier Tennis League (IPTL) over the next three days at the Indira Gandhi Indoor Stadium here.
Mahesh Bhupathi, who had won the first Grand Slam title for India in 1997, the mixed doubles with Rika Hiraki of Japan, will henceforth be known to the world as an entrepreneur who has pulled off the most spectacular tennis show, if the success of IPTL is anything to go by in its first two stops in Manila and Singapore.
Federer, Sampras in town
The fact that the all-time greats like Roger Federer and Pete Sampras, apart from Novak Djokovic will specifically be coming to Delhi, shows the importance that the multiple Grand Slam champion Mahesh has placed on the Indian show.
“It is one of the best things that I have done in my life. I love playing the IPTL. The team spirit was just incredible,” said Serena Williams after the Singapore event, after she squeezed time amidst her elaborate preparation for the Australian Open.
Some of the players like Maria Sharapova, Andy Murray and Serena herself may not be part of the Indian leg, but there will be too many stars for the fans to miss anyone! Federer may not play in other cities, owing to the prohibitive cost factor, as Mahesh was candid to stress. The IPTL has proven that there is room for such novelties despite the packed calendar, and the four Grand Slams that hog all the attention.
“We have carved out our space in the tennis calendar and we are very happy about that,” Mahesh said, half way through the league.
“It is also good for the future of the sport,” said Andre Agassi, as he appreciated the vision in masterminding such a venture on such a global scale.
“We don’t get many sparring matches against the girls in the off-season. Also, to have a little fun and enjoy the team atmosphere, because time during off-season is hard work,” said Ana Ivanovic, as she captured the essence of the whole exercise.
Fun exercise
Even though winning and losing may not mean much, the champions rarely like to lose. It may be a fun exercise, but the players often find themselves thoroughly engrossed and fighting their best.
Micromax Indian Aces that has Sania Mirza and Rohan Bopanna, along with Gael Monfils, Fabrice Santoro, Ana Ivanovic, and waiting to add Roger Federer and Pete Sampras, has reached the top of the table with 20 points. It is followed by UAE Royals and Manila Mavericks with 17 points each, while Singapore Slammers is fourth with 14 points.
In the matches, it is the number of games won that counts in deciding the winner after five rubbers of one set each. The winning team gets four points and the losing team gets points from 0 to 2, according to the number of games it wins.
The whole concept has given a new dimension to tennis entertainment, and it is now the turn of the Delhi fans to soak in the atmosphere.

3i Infotech allots equity shares against conversion of 5 percent foreign currency convertible bonds due 20173i Infotech allots equity shares against conversion of 5 percent foreign currency convertible bonds due 2017
India Against Russia SanctionsIndia Against Russia Sanctions
Unions asked to call off protests over reformsUnions asked to call off protests over reforms
Burdwan blast accused Shahnoor Alam arrested by NIABurdwan blast accused Shahnoor Alam arrested by NIA
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 06, 2014 10:55 AM IST
Key suspect in Burdwan blast case and alleged financial brain of terror group Jamaat-ul- Mujahideen Bangladesh (JMB) Shahnoor Alam has been arrested by NIA with the help of central security agencies from Assam's Nalbari district.
NIA, whose probe into the October 2 blast received a boost after the arrest of another accused Sajid, had been tailing Alam for quite sometime after his name surfaced in the call records and interrogation of the arrested accused person.
The investigating agency had last month arrested his wife but Alam had been on the run since the blast.
NIA, along with Assam Police and central security agencies, were looking for him in the areas where he could be hiding. They arrested him last evening from Larkuchi in Nalbari district, official sources said.
Alam, alias Doctor hails from Chatala village in Barpeta district of Assam and is alleged to have arranged the money for the Indian modules of JMB.
NIA had also declared a reward of Rs 5 lakh for anyone providing any information about him.

Jury verdict favours AstraZeneca in Nexium antitrust litigationJury verdict favours AstraZeneca in Nexium antitrust litigation
DGCA s move to restrict SpiceJet s sales window will hurt all airlines: aviation sourcesDGCA s move to restrict SpiceJet s sales window will hurt all airlines: aviation sources
Modi promised  but black money not yet traced: MarandiModi promised  but black money not yet traced: Marandi
Slice of Prince William s and Kate Middleton s Wedding Cake Sells for $6 000 at AuctionSlice of Prince William s and Kate Middleton s Wedding Cake Sells for $6 000 at Auction
Domestic tractor market to saturate by 2023: M&MDomestic tractor market to saturate by 2023: M&M
Whatever certificates are awarded to kannan are very little for him.in...Platinum Member
161 Followers
Thanks for the information dear. One more thing I want to knoe from you is the 56% FII holding which appeared in june quarter disappeared in sep quarter to nil.I dont think FIIs do sell so much of shares in one quarter.And if yes, then these new funds which acquired shares on 2nd dec will also sell. And if all funds are selling after acquiring at such low level then it means something wrong is going to happen in this company.

There is no any need of useless thing like chart ground to fall down r...New Member
4 Followers
those betting big on the Sasan would responsible for rpower stock`s fall once the sasan results are out.
4000 MW*1.19*24 HR*365 DAYS*.94 Plant availability =3,919crore annual revenue assuming India`s highest 94% plant availability.
Ab jo running cost hai wo alag,
debt pe interest alag,       Agar profit hi ho raha hota to tariff revision ke 4 plea nahi kar rakhe hote
aur 1.19 pura profit bhi nahi hai usbpe atleast .45 ka operating cost to ana hi hai, phir baki pe tax bhi lagna hai,sirji, 3900*(1.19-.45)/1.19*.70=       mushkilse 1500 crore / annum bachte hain ,          ab Rs.27000 crore ka loan bhi chuckana hai sir ,   25 saal ka hota hai life cycle loan chuckane ke baad bachega kuch??????
wait for sasan phase2 announcement, samalkot and tariff revision plea rpower going to reach Rs.110-120.

Congrates to hardcastle restaurant and the westlife dev for a wonderfu...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

God created us and will take care of us. god bless you too. i just lov...Silver Member
2 Followers
hara baba... after getting strategic partner jet airways reproted 2500 cr loss in a single quarter... i think ur eyes not able to see that... Spicejet showing good growth in all areas only problem is recapitalize for ur all question spicejet will answer you in a 6 week of time
In reply to : ashok2kumar message
11.57 AM Dec 6th

Google to roll out child-friendly versions of productsGoogle to introduce child-friendly versions of products
Anya George Tharakan     Bengaluru   Last Updated: December 5, 2014  | 09:20 IST
Photo: Reuters
Google plans to roll out child-friendly versions of its most popular products in a bid to be "fun and safe for children", USA Today reported, quoting Pavni Diwanji, the company's vice president of engineering.
The company will likely create specific versions of its search, YouTube and Chrome products for children aged 12 and under, the newspaper reported, adding that Google did not provide a timeline for the rollout.
"We want to be thoughtful about what we do, giving parents the right tools to oversee their kids' use of our products," USA Today quoted Diwanji as saying.
A Google spokesperson declined to comment, but confirmed that the effort described in the report was accurate.
(Reuters)

Sulemani Keeda review: Ordinary people  extraordinary showCast: Naveen Kasturia, Mayank Tewari, Aditi Vasudev, Karan Mirchandani, Krishna Singh Bisht
Director: Amit Masurkar
Rating: 3/5
Director Amit Masurkar's film Sulemani Keeda is about two people Dulal and Mainak who want to be top class screenplay writers in Bollywood
Sulemani Keeda is a Mumbai slang which can be described as a hardened habit of doing things that are not very productive. It can also be understood as the diluted version of Urdu word 'fitoor'. There are people who listen to their hearts and do things which others think as absolute waste of time. Those people are said to be bitten by Sulemani Keeda (bug).
 
Director Amit Masurkar's film Sulemani Keeda is about two such people Dulal (Naveen Kasturia) and Mainak (Mayank Tewari) who want to be 'top class' screenplay writers in Bollywood. Trouble is, no one producer is ready to buy their scripts. Mainak-Dulal, on the lines of Salim-Javed, want to tell new stories which are apparently intellectual and full of novelty. One fine day, they get hold of a producer's son Gonzo Kapoor (Karan Mirchandani), who wants to make something new, a film without any story, you know the way Andrei Tarkovsky used to think. His father Sweety Kapoor (Razzak Khan) is a street smart guy who knows the industry and thus he persuades the writers to come up with something 'marketable'. Meanwhile, Dulal meets a girl Ruma (Aditi Vasudev) who inspires him to do something meaningful in life, but all these things are happening simultaneously and at a very fast pace. Will the two writers be able to keep their sanity intact in such a scenario? What will happen to their long-cherished dream of making it big in Bollywood?
 
Sulemani Keeda is about normal people and their aspirations. Dulal reads a lot and appears to be a sensible guy on the outset, but somewhere in his heart, he is craving for a partner who could inspire him for a 'meaningful' life. Mainak, on the other hand, is not into reading as he believes that writing has nothing much to do with reading. He seems like a pile-on at the first glance but very soon you realise that he doesn't want to be a screenwriter to bring any new narrative into focus, he is probably blinded by the glamour attached to the Hindi film in industry. Like a lot of other strugglers in Mumbai, he is always looking for the opportunities to get laid. His language is full of expletives but that presents him as a radical thinker to some people, and most importantly to himself.
Mainak is ready to compromise from the word go as art comes secondary to him. But, is there anything wrong in such a thought process? Isn't being successful the first step towards preserving an exclusive art? So, it's difficult to find him wrong when he says, "Let's start working on Sulemani Keeda again," to Dulal towards the end. Though I desperately want it but revealing more will hamper the film's freshness meter for you.
 
Anyway, the protagonists are two entirely different people who live in a small house in Mumbai like most other strugglers. Their landlord's irritating son Pokhriyal (Krishna Singh Bisht) is their constant companion and like most Indians, he also thinks writing is as easy as eating cake. 'Writer ho, wo toh theek hai lekin karte kya ho' sort of a guy.
 
Ruma is the third angle of the story. She is focused, well-planned and mature in handling outside discrepancies. Her perspective towards life is very clear and she knows where she wants to be in the next couple of years. Basically, Ruma understands that life is not exactly like films.
 
The film completely relies on the chemistry among its three principal characters. Mainak and Dulal are high on energy and their conversation is full of film references. The film shies away from making Mumbai a character in the film and thus the director has chosen to not show the popular landmarks of the city but the local flavour seeps into the highly personalised conversation of the two wannabe writers. To be precise, dialogues form the soul of Sulemani Keeda. It seems like a deliberate choice to fill up the story with a lot of witty dialogues as writers are supposed to speak up their minds more often than 'normal' people.
 
A particular scene demonstrates the basic ideology of the story. Mainak brings Dulal to the road outside the house of actor Salman Khan and asks him, "Whose house is this?" Dulal replies, "Salman Khan's." Mainak asks again, "And?" "Salim Khan's," replies Dulal. Mainak explains, "Kuch samjhe. Writer actor ka baap hota hai."
 
Similarly, the whole drama surrounding the 'new wave Indian cinema' and how it gets flushed down the gutter in absence of a proper outlet has been captured well. The fuss about making a 'different' and 'classical' film is the essence of Gonzo Kapoor's character. Karan Mirchandani has got his hands on right strings. He is simple, subtle and understandable.
 
It's very apparent throughout Sulemani Keeda that it has been made with a small budget but the director should be praised for handling his central theme so well despite the constraints. From appearance to conversation to clothes, his characters are real and straight out from our ordinary lives. Dulal and Mainak have nothing 'heroic' to offer but they convey the intentions quite easily. Naveen Kasturia is lovable while Mayank Tewari reflects the life of 'blockbuster' writers of Bollywood. Interestingly, Aditi Vasudev's character in the film says, "I don't like conventionally good looking men," and these unconventional men with disheveled hair and weird tendencies have taken up the challenge to make you fall for them.
 
Sulemani Keeda is a perfect example of a well-made, low-budget independent film. It's engaging, entertaining and witty. Watch it, you won't be disappointed. (Interact with Rohit Vats at Twitter/@nawabjha )

Indian iron ore imports hit record 6.8 mn tonnesIndian iron ore imports hit record 6.8 million tonnes as prices fall
Manolo Serapio Jr     Singapore   Last Updated: December 5, 2014  | 14:42 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The country's iron ore imports rose to a record 6.76 million tonnes in the first seven months of the current 2014-15 financial year as sliding global prices and limited supply in the domestic market pushed steel producers to buy the raw material overseas, industry data showed on Friday.
The country, which was once the world's third-largest supplier of iron ore, has been importing over the last two years due to court-imposed restrictions aimed at curbing illegal mining in the key producing states of Karnataka and Goa.
The shortage deepened in 2014 as some mines in Odisha and Jharkhand were ordered closed after the expiry of licences.
However, analysts say the country is unlikely to absorb a big chunk of the global surplus that has halved iron ore prices in 2014.
In October, Morgan Stanley said that global seaborne iron ore supply will grow by around 330 million tonnes over the next three years, far outpacing demand that will rise by just 194 million tonnes in the same period.
JSW Steel , the country's No. 3 steel producer, imported 4.6 million tonnes of iron ore in April-November, followed by Tata Steel with nearly 1 million tonnes, according to data from industry consultancy SteelMint, which tracked shipments at 12 ports.
"Looking at the current scenario, it does not look like mining will resume soon in Odisha and Jharkhand. Imports are expected to hit 11-12 million tonnes this financial year," said Dhruv Goel, managing partner at SteelMint.
JSW said in September it was planning to import 10 million tonnes or more in FY15 if the domestic iron ore shortage continued and prices stayed low.
The home-grown steelmaker this week put on hold plans to build a steel plant in the eastern part of the country due to uncertainty in sourcing iron ore and coal.
South Africa was the top source of iron ore imports, accounting for 40 per cent of the April-November volume, with Australia supplying 15 per cent of the total.
Official data released by the government only covers April-August, with imports totalling 2 million tonnes.
Increased iron ore output from top producers like Australia and Brazil has helped widen a global glut at a time of slower economic growth in China which buys around two-thirds of seaborne supply.
Iron ore prices have fallen 47 per cent in 2014 so far, touching $68 a tonne last week, its weakest level since June 2009.
(Reuters)

Rupee recovers to close at two-week high of 61.77Forex update: Indian rupee closes at two-week high of 61.77 against US dollar
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 5, 2014  | 18:01 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The Indian rupee rebounded by 15 paise to close at two-week high of 61.77 against the US dollar on Friday, following exporters and some banks selling the US currency amid signs of fund inflows.
Forex dealers said dollar selling was so strong that even a weak trend in local equities and a firm dollar overseas could not stem the rupee's rise.
The BSE Sensex fell back by 104.72 points, or 0.37 per cent.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the domestic unit commenced higher at 61.80 a dollar from previous close of 61.92. It was trapped in a narrow range of 61.75 - almost two-week intra-day low - and 61.90 before concluding at 61.77, logging a rise of 15 paise, or 0.24 per cent.
This is the rupee's strongest close since 61.76 on November 21. In the previous two sessions, the Indian currency had softened by four paise or 0.06 per cent.
The local currency also took cues from government's 5 per cent stake sale in SAIL, for an estimated Rs 1,700 crore, generating a robust demand among investors with the offer getting subscribed more than two times on Friday.
The dollar index, an indicator of other six major global rivals, was up by 0.27 per cent.

Deepa Dasmunshi blames BJP for Jharkhand s non-developmentPress Trust of India | Dec 05, 2014 at 10:21pm IST
Ranchi: Rebuffing BJP's allegations that Congress was responsible for Jharkhand's "non-development", the party on Friday said if BJP had utilised central funds properly, the state would have developed.
"BJP had ruled Jharkhand for nine out of 14 years, and the previous UPA government at the Centre had sent funds under the heads of several welfare projects like housing, bus stand, Sarva Shiksa Abhiyan and drainage system but the BJP governments did not know how to utilise them and funds had been surrendered," former union minister and Congress leader Deepa Dasmunshi said.
In their election campaigns, both central and state BJP leaders had blamed the Congress for Jharkhand's non-development and for its support to former chief minister Madhu Koda that led to "corruption" in the state.
In their election campaigns, both central and state BJP leaders had blamed the Congress for Jharkhand's non-development and for its support to former chief minister Madhu Koda that led to "corruption" in the state.
"When Jharkhand was created, only two districts were affected by the Maoists and now it's all over the state. Why? Because of non-development," said Dasmunshi, who is campaigning in Jharkhand ahead of the December 9 third phase polling.
The erstwhile UPA government's policy, she said, was to root out Left Wing Extremism through dialogue and development.
"Had the funds been utilised properly by BJP governments, Jharkhand would have developed," she said.
She, however, handed over the responsibility to PCC president Sukhdeo Bhagat to reply to a query on the break up of the Congress-JMM alliance to which Bhagat said that Congress only followed its policies.
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

Touch is pass; now you can use phones and fly drones  with gesturesTouch is passé; now you can use phones and fly drones … with gestures
Rajesh Kurup
Wave power Abhinav Aggarwal, CEO of Trutech Webs, demonstrating the technology
Desi firm Trutech Webs has developed the tech; RIL, Vodafone among its clients
Mumbai, December 5:  
From a distance, it looks as if Abhinav Aggarwal is conducting an orchestra, with his hands waving rhythmically in the air. But when the 23-year-old moves his hands, rather than the high and low notes in a symphony, it’s the sound of a drone that hits the ear.
Flying around in his 16x10 conference room, the drone relies on ‘Fluid Motion’ technology developed by Aggarwal’s start-up, Trutech Webs.
The gesture-based technology enables gadgets such as drones, computers and mobile phones to be controlled through gestures.
“Touch, which is the biggest selling point for devices now, is slowly making way for gestures. As gestures come naturally to everyone, ease of use is the USP of this technology,” Aggarwal, who is the co-founder and Chief Executive Officer of the company, told BusinessLine.
Aggarwal did not reveal the exact price of the technology, but said it is much lower than what’s already in the market.
The company had developed two types of gesture-based drones to showcase the fluid motion technology — one with a close range, where the controller has to stand 3-4 feet from a sensor, and the other with a slightly greater range (10-15 feet). The drones can fly as far as 1 km and as high as 500-750 feet.
Commercial use
Drones are finding commercial use in a big way. Pawan Munjal, Chairman and Managing Director of Hero MotoCorp, used them to lift the veil off the company’s new two-wheeler, Hastur.
Drones have also found applications in security, delivery, cleaning of windows of high-rises, and in TV shows and events.
Trutech Webs’ gesture-based computing is being used by Reliance Industries at its boardroom in Jamnagar, while Vodafone India has deployed it at centres across the country for activities such as moving through a presentation or closing window blinds. Rolls Royce and Toyota also use this technology.
The cost varies depending on usage, as the technology can be embedded with a user’s existing gadgets.
Looking beyond gaming
Currently, motion-based technology is used heavily in gaming but they are expensive due to the high computing power and chips used.
A couple of original equipment manufacturers are also interested in integrating the software in their devices.
Trutech Webs has already tied up with a mobile handset manufacturer for use of this technology.
“We will make an announcement in the first quarter of calendar 2015,” he said, without disclosing the identity of the manufacturer.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)

NASA s Orion spaceship successfully completes debut test runDec 06, 2014 at 12:02am IST
NASA's Orion spaceship successfully completes debut test run
11
3
Cape Canaveral: A US spaceship designed to one day fly astronauts to Mars made a near-bullseye splashdown in the Pacific Ocean on Friday, wrapping up a flawless, unmanned debut test flight around Earth.
The Orion capsule blasted off aboard a Delta 4 Heavy rocket, the biggest in the US fleet, just after dawn from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. Three hours later, it reached peak altitude of 3,604 miles (5,800 km) above the planet, a prelude to the most challenging part of the flight, a 20,000-mph (32,000 km/h) dive back into the atmosphere.
Orion survived a searing, plunge through the atmosphere, heating up to 4,000 degree Fahrenheit (2,200 degree Celsius) - twice as hot as molten lava - and experiencing gravitational forces eight times stronger than Earth's.
The Orion capsule blasted off aboard a Delta 4 Heavy rocket, the biggest in the US fleet, just after dawn from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida.
#orion #nasa #test flight #mars
Over the next few minutes, a total of 11 parachutes deployed to slow Orion's descent, including three gigantic main chutes that guided the spaceship to a 20-mph (32 km/h) splashdown 630 miles (1,014 km) southwest of San Diego, California, at 11:29 a.m. EST (1629 GMT).
"I think it's a big day for the world, for people who know and like space," NASA Administrator Charles Bolden said before the launch.
The point of the test flight, which cost NASA about $375 million, was to verify that Orion's 16.5-foot (5-meter) diameter heat shield, parachutes, avionics and other equipment would work as designed prior to astronauts flying aboard.
NASA has been developing Orion, along with a new heavy-lift rocket, for more than eight years. The design of the rocket has changed, and Orion survived the cancellation of a lunar exploration program called Constellation to become the centerpiece of a new human space initiative intended to one day fly astronauts to Mars.
NASA has spent more than $9 billion developing the Lockheed Martin Corp-built Orion, which will make a second test flight, also without crew, in about four years.
A third mission, expected around 2021, will include two astronauts on a flight that will send the capsule high around the moon. Since the end of the Apollo moon program in 1972, astronauts have flown only a few hundred miles above Earth.
Orion's debut flight originally had been slated for Thursday but a problem with the rocket, built and flown by United Launch Alliance, a partnership of Lockheed and Boeing Co, delayed the launch one day.
4

Look who s talking: Modi impersonator is a big hit in NepalComments
Some say imitation is the best form of flattery. Nepali comedian Manoj Gajurel might say it is the best option to make a mark and win accolades.
Gajurel has won plaudits for impersonating Nepali leaders during his long career in acting, but it his Nadrenda Modi act that has become a hit both at home and abroad in recent months.
With two successful visits within three months the Indian Prime Minister has managed to woo millions of Nepalis and Gajurel is cashing on the prevailing mood by copying Modi’s speeches and mannerisms to thunderous applause.
“Mitro, Nepal aur Bharat ki mitrata hamare Soniaji ki sari aur Sushilji ke daadi se bhi acchi hai, (Nepal and India’s friendship is better than Sonia Gandhi’s sari and Sushil Koirala’s beard)” he tells a packed audience.
In the past Gajurel’s impersonations of Nepal’s last king Gyanendra Shah and Maoist leader Pushpa Kamal Dahal Prachanda were the acts that audiences wanted him to perform.
But none had got the kind of response like his latest act. Recently he had a very successful six-week tour of UK where his imitation of Modi was cheered by non-resident Nepalis and Indians. 
In his acts he pokes fun at Nepali politicians for their failure to draft the country’s constitution on time and also touches on issues like labour migration, power crisis and human trafficking.
In a recent interview to Nepali Times, Gajurel stated that he decided to copy Modi after the latter’s Nepal visit in August. But impersonating Modi’s dress, body language and accent wasn’t easy.
It took him several days of practice to get under the skin of the character. These days it takes him less than 25 minutes to transform to Modi and his ease in front of audiences is clearly visible.
Serial banned
Meanwhile, The Nepalese authorities have banned the telecast of a popular comedy TV show, “Tito Satya” (Bitter Truth), for reportedly satirizing Indian PM. The 576th episode of “Tito Satya” was abruptly taken off after officials of the state-owned Nepal Television found some objectionable remarks in the episode, the plot of which was basically dedicated to how the Nepali leadership was trying to make money out of the funds being released by Modi.

As State Bank of India too cuts deposit rates  era of cheaper loans get closerIndian rupee slips past psychological $63 mark to hit 13-month low
With large public and private sector banks cutting term deposit rates in quick succession, banks are likely to cut loan rates early next year.
The country’s largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) on Friday cut its deposit rates for maturities of over one year by 0.25%.
SBI is the third bank after private sector lenders ICICI Bank, the country’s second-largest bank, and HDFC Bank to reduce deposit rates during the week. In fact, this is the fourth time SBI has trimmed deposit rates in the last five months.
SBI chairman Arundhati Bhattacharya had recently said that loan rates would start trending downwards through a compression of spreads but had added that deposit rates also needed to come down.
“We led the deposit rate cut a while back and a few bigger banks cut their rates about three weeks back and so, some of the bigger banks are now beginning to cut on their deposit rates. As and when that gets entrenched and the deposit rates trend downwards you can also see some kind of result in cuts in the base rates,” Bhattacharya had said.
In a regulatory filing on Friday, SBI said it has lowered deposit rates by 25 basis points (bps) to 8.5% for deposits maturing between one and three years. The bank has also revised its term deposit rates for maturities of three to five years, and five years and above to 8.5% and 8.25%, respectively. These rates would also be applicable, SBI said, for NRE deposits of one year and above.
Private sector lender Axis Bank has also cut rates by up to 75 bps on term deposits below one year and by 15-25 bps in select maturities above one year, effective December 8.
According to Siddharth Rath, head of treasury at Axis Bank, there is a secular downward trend of deposit rates, which could lead to base rate cuts also.
“Base rate cut will hinge on when the RBI announces a cut in repo rate,” he told FE.
A few days ago ICICI Bank and HDFC Bank trimmed their fixed deposit rates below Rs 1 crore by 25 bps and 25-50 bps, respectively, in select maturities. At present, ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank and SBI have their base rates at 10%, the lowest in the industry. Private sector lender Axis Bank is the only bank that lowered its base rate by 10 bps in October.
Deposit rates have come off beginning July this year when SBI cut its term deposit rates by 25-50 bps in certain categories. Flush with funds and finding a mismatch in credit demand, banks have been cutting deposit rates for the last five months.
Analysts said that with lower cost of funds, a result of lower interest paid on deposits, banks are likely to pass on the benefit to customers with a cut in base rates. The base rate is the lowest lending rate of a bank.
Growth of non-food credit, which has consistently fallen from 14.2% (year-on-year growth) in the beginning of FY15 to 9.7% in the September 19 fortnight, slightly recovered to 11.14% for the fortnight ended November 14. Deposits, on the other hand, grew 12.16% y-o-y to Rs 82.53 lakh crore for the fortnight ended November 14.
In October, SBI had lowered interest rates by 100 bps to 5% for deposits maturing between seven and 45 days. In an earlier instance, SBI had revised its term deposit rates in September also when it cut retail term deposit rates by 25 bps for certain tenures. Analysts said that the gradual change in deposit rates will allow the bank to improve its net interest income over time.
Other public sector banks to revise their deposit rates were Punjab National Bank (PNB), Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) and Bank of Baroda. While PNB revised rates of bulk deposits, OBC trimmed rates in the retail segment.
TAGS: State Bank Of India
More from bankingampfinance

Narendra Modi to meet CMs on ideas for Plan panel replacementBiz leaders in manufacturing sector optimistic about next  year: Survey
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is set to seek suggestions from state chief ministers this Sunday on how to replace the Planning Commission, the centralised planning body that presides over allocation of Union government resources for Plan expenditure to states.
The idea is to modernise the over-60-year-old institution giving state administrators adequate say in resource allocation. Making a brief intervention during Question Hour in Lok Sabha, Modi said he would engage knowledgeable people and those who could provide new ideas to restructure the planning body.
“I have convened a meeting of chief ministers on December 7. We will have detailed discussions with them. In the Planning Commission also there had been discussions earlier on how to bring it in tune with the changing times. Taking all these aspects into consideration, plans are afoot towards a new shape (for the planning body),” Modi said.
The finance ministry has allocated R5.75 lakh crore for plan spending in the current fiscal, up from R4.75 lakh crore in 2013-14.
Minister for planning Rao Inderjit Singh told the Lower House earlier in the day that the commission has to come to grips with emerging social realities and reinvent itself to make itself more relevant and effective. Singh said government is seized of the desirability of a constant review of its planning apparatus as the role of the states as well as the state economy, both have been undergoing changes over the last few decades.
TAGS: Narendra Modi Planning Commission
More from economy
Tamil Nadu govt floats tenders for 11 lakh laptops The Tamil Nadu government has floated tenders for issuing about 11 lakh computers to students under the free laptop...

Market sees political action behind SBI MF shelving Shariah fundBy: ENS Economic Bureau | Mumbai |
Posted: December 6, 2014 2:49 am
SBI Mutual Fund — the mutual fund arm of India’s largest bank, State Bank of India has shelved a  plan to launch Shariah Equity Fund, an open-ended scheme designed to invest money in companies that follow Islamic Shariah rules this week, leading to speculation in a section of the market that it could be “a political move”.
“Based on the inputs received from various participants in the pre-launch meetings, it has been decided to review the structure of SBI Shariah Fund,” an official of SBI Mutual Fund said.
Accordingly, it has been decided to defer the launch of new fund offer of Shariah Fund and it would be reoffered in a better and more attractive format in the future, the official told The Indian Express.
However, market analysts  said the reason for deferring the offering could be political. When asked specifically whether there was any political, governmental or social pressure to withdraw the fund, the official declined to discuss the issue.
Syed Zahid Ahmad, founder, Economic Initiatives, and advisor for participatory finance, Basix India, said, “I had gone through the scheme. It’s a good product. I don’t know why it was withdrawn. With SBI’s wide reach across the country, the scheme would have raised a substantial amount from the people.”
“In fact, we had proposed tax incentives for this Shariah Fund as the money will be invested in the infrastructure sector and it will help the government in cutting its fiscal deficit,” Ahmad said.
The scheme had received all the approvals from market regulator Sebi, and was slated for launch on December 1.
A senior SBI Mutual Fund official had earlier told The Indian Express that investment in the scheme was not restricted to any particular religious community. “Anybody can invest in this scheme. There are around 600-700 companies which fall under the requirements of Shariah rules. The fund mobilised will be invested in good companies selected from this lot,” he had said.
The original scheme had both growth and non-growth options. If an investor didn’t want interest or dividend as per the Shariah rules, he could opt for the growth option.
This is not the first time that such an ethical fund was planned. Benchmark MF earlier launched an ETF which tracks the S&P CNX Nifty Shariah Index.
Tata Mutual Fund has an ethical fund  which invests in a diversified equity portfolio based on principles of Shariah. Taurus MF had also launched a scheme which follows the principles of Shariah.
Investments based on Shariah rules have been getting popular in India. Although Sebi has allowed four mutual funds to launch Shariah funds in the Indian market, Islamic banking is yet to be allowed in the country as the banking regulator Reserve Bank of India has found it “inconsistent with the existing laws”. Shariah-compliant funds are normal funds but make investments only in companies or instruments that follow Shariah rules.
Shariah funds avoid investments in companies involved in activities like alcoholic beverages, casinos, non halal food products and conventional financial institutional based on interest. It also avoids companies with higher debt to continued…

Sadhvi row: Oppn forces Modi to call for truceSeeking truce with agitating opposition members over controversial remarks made by Minister Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today said the matter should be put to rest after her apology, but it failed to satisfy them.
Making a statement in the Lok Sabha, he emphasised that everyone should understand limits in public discourse.
“… it is our duty that we understand our limits in public life and stay within our limits while making public discourse.
“Now we should allow the matter to rest and we should continue with our work in national interest,” Modi said.
The Prime Minister’s statement, however, failed to mollify the opposition members, including Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi, who had tied black cloth on their mouth, as they staged a walkout.
Stating that the Rajya Sabha has not been functioning for some time now, Modi said, “I am grateful to all members of the Lok Sabha that they allowed the House to function despite the sensitivity of the issue.”
Even before the Parliament took up the issue, Modi said he had expressed his disapproval and sternly asked BJP MPs against using such words.
“Nobody can approve such things,” he said.
Noting that the matter should be put to rest as the Minister has already apologised, Modi said her social background that she is from a village should be taken into account.
“It is the duty of the distinguished members of the House that when a colleague seeks apology, we should be magnanimous,” he said.
TAGS: Narendra Modi Parliament Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti
More from miscellaneous
AAP comes out with a song to boost its campaign Aam Aadmi Party has come up with a song which is being played at all the rallies and meetings addressed by party chief Arvind Kejriwal and other leaders.

http://usat.ly/1u1PXWEFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Dow, S&P 500 hit closing highs after jobs news
Stocks rose Friday -- with the Dow and S&P 500 notching closing highs -- after November's jobs gains blew way past estimates.
Post to Facebook
Dow, S&P 500 hit closing highs after jobs news Stocks rose Friday -- with the Dow and S&P 500 notching closing highs -- after November's jobs gains blew way past estimates. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1CMu8EX
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
75
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Dow, S&P 500 hit closing highs after jobs news
Kim Hjelmgaard and Matt Krantz , USA TODAY 4:42 p.m. EST December 5, 2014
A trader works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
(Photo: Richard Drew, AP)
711 CONNECT 198 TWEET 13 LINKEDIN 75 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Stocks rose Friday -- with the Dow and S&P 500 notching closing highs -- after November's jobs gains blew way past estimates.
Employers added 321,000 jobs in November — the largest one-month gain in more than two years, the Labor Department said. Those numbers -- which kept the jobless rate steady at 5.8% -- far exceeded most economists' expectations of 225,000 new jobs.
The Dow Jones industrial average ended up 0.3%, a gain of 59 points, to its new closing high of 17,958.79. Climbing 0.2%, or about 3 and a half points, was the S&P 500. Its new high is 2,075.37.
Both indexes hit their previous closing highs -- 17,912.62 and 2,074.33, respectively -- on Wednesday.
The Nasdaq composite gained 0.2%, or 11 points.
Starbucks powered to an-all time high as the coffee shop icon debuted a huge flagship Starbucks store in its hometown of Seattle. SBUX ended the day at $83.57 per share, a gain of 2.8%.
In other economic news, orders to U.S. factories slipped for a third straight month in October and would have fallen even more except for a big jump in defense orders.
The U.S. trade deficit fell slightly in October as exports rebounded while oil imports dipped to the lowest level in five years.
Consumers increased their borrowing in October but at a slightly slower pace than in the previous month as credit card use slowed.
Asian stocks ended higher. European shares saw solid gains, with the DAX of Germany and the CAC 40 of France vaulting 2.4% and 2.2% higher, respectively.
Tokyo's Nikkei 225 index added 0.2%. Hong Kong's Hang Seng index rose 1.2%. Stocks in mainland China advanced 1.3%.
The Labor Department's payrolls report is expected to show 225,000 payroll gains by businesses, as well as federal, state and local governments.
On Thursday, the European Central Bank kept its benchmark interest rate unchanged at 0.05%, as expected.
"In spite of another downward revision to growth and inflation staff projections, the ECB delivered nothing but some futile communication changes," said Frederik Ducrozet, a senior economist at Credit Agricole Corp. "Draghi was not in a position to give any explicit signal at this point. This suggests that political hurdles to sovereign QE remain high."
Crude oil was down 46 cents at $66.50 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange.

PM Narendra Modi believes in concentrating powers in his hands: Rahul GandhiNobel laureate Malala Yousafzai 'heartbroken' by Pak school attack
Rahul Gandhi targetted Prime Minister Narendra Modi saying he believes only in “marketing” and “symbolism” and concentrating all power in his hands in the belief that he can run the country alone.
Accusing the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government of treating democratic processes as “useless”, the Congress Vice President said “Today (Leader of Congress in Lok Sabha) Mallikarjun Khargeji was speaking but the microphone was switched off.”
“We never did this kind of thing. Their thinking is that the democratic process is useless and not required. They cannot say it outside but this is their thinking,” Gandhi said.
Adressing an alumni meet of Youth Congress, Rahul charged Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) does not believe in democracy and on the contrary when there was UPA government at the Centre, leaders of opposition parties always got a chance to speak in parliament.
He also referred to the protest led by him in Parliament over the controversial remarks of union minister Niranjan Jyoti amid a stalemate between the government and the opposition on the issue.
He said while the programmes of United Progressive Alliance (UPA) were eaimed at giving power to the people at large, those of National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government “snatch power from people”.
“This is the difference. The Prime Minister feels that he alone can run the country. He deeply believes in this. And this can never work. Only people of this country will run it…His thinking is of symbolism. Say anything, market it and then start saying the next thing. People will react to it,” Gandhi said as he also sought to pick holes in the Prime Minister’s Sansad Gram Yojana scheme.
In the backdrop of Congress’ defeat in a series of electoral battles, Rahul Gandhi admitted the party has “gone a bit away from people (Congress party janta se thodi door hui hai).”
“We have to change this in coming one of two year and connect the party with people and open its door for them,” he said as he made a strong pitch for a bigger political role of youths in Congress saying his job is to get Youth Congress leaders into the parent party.
The party launches special pages for the event on Facebok and Twitter. One of the tweets on its page quoted Gandhi as saying that the Prime Minister wants “all power in his hands”.
Calling the Youth Congress leaders as “testimony of the party youth wing’s struggle, Gandhi said “my job is to get Youth Congress leaders into the parent Congress…People say that once they are out of Youth Congress, they do not get a place in the party organization “…It is my job to rectify it. There has to be a coordination between Youth Congress and Congress”.
He said there is a need to bring people from Youth Congress across the time span together.
“My effort will be to ensure that even those who were once in Youth Congress should feel that they are going to have a place in the parent organization…our party is the party of Hindustan. It is not the party of any religion or region or any community,” Gandhi said.
He urged the Youth Congress leaders to hit the streets and give a voice to the reaction by people to various steps being taken by the government including change in the wage component of MNREGA.
“Those whose jobs are being taken away will react. You will have to take this reaction forward and this will not happen with speeches. You will have to hit the streets,” he said.
Party seniors Anand Sharma, Mukul Wasnik, Ramesh Chennithala, Manish Tewari, Randeep Surjewala and Ashok Tanwar attended the event along with other seniors like Oscar Fernandes and Ashok Gehlot who had been the in-charge of Youth Congress at some point.
Besides, some former and serving chief ministers, who had served as Youth Congress chiefs in their states, were also there.
TAGS: Narendra Modi Rahul Gandhi
More from miscellaneous
AAP comes out with a song to boost its campaign Aam Aadmi Party has come up with a song which is being played at all the rallies and meetings addressed by party chief Arvind Kejriwal and other leaders.

China pushes for PM Modi s visit in February | Modi named Asian of the YearBusy second half in 2015, China pushes for a visit by Narendra Modi in first half of February
ET Bureau Dec 6, 2014, 10.24AM IST
Tags:
Barack Obama
(Beijing has also considered…)
NEW DELHI: The Chinese government is pushing for a visit by Narendra Modi in the first half of February in view of its own schedule and the Indian prime minister's itinerary for the second half of the year. Officials in Beijing told ET that an early February visit would avoid any overlap with China's holiday calendar and its Parliament session for mid-February to mid-March.
Beijing has also considered the fact that Modi will be busy with the budget session of Parliament from end-February to May, they said, adding that the request for an early visit was put forward by Chinese Premier Li Keqiang when he met Modi in Myanmar on the sidelines of the East Asia Summit. China's President Xi Jinping had visited India in September.
For Modi, this would be a return visit of sorts and his first to China as PM. He has visited Beijing in the past as chief minister of Gujarat. Sources said both the Indian PM and Chinese president and premier will have international travel schedule in the second half of 2015 due to UNGA, G20 and East Asia Summits and this is one of the reasons why Beijing is keen to host the Indian PM early in the year. Indian officials, however, were non-committal on the time-frame for Modi's China visit.
"The government is busy preparing for the Russian president's visit next week. Thereafter it will get busy with preparations for the visit of Obama towards the end of January. It will be difficult to predict a timeframe for a trip to Beijing at this stage," an official in the South Block said. A China visit in February will leave a small window for preparation for Modi as it will come close on the heels of US President Barack Obama's India trip.
Besides, Modi's schedule in first quarter may see some other foreign visits, including one to Dhaka in February-March if the government is able to pass a Bill to ratify the India-Bangladesh Land Boundary Agreement in the winter session of the Parliament. The PM's trip to Beijing is expected to be preceded by special representative talks on the boundary question under the Modi government.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Goods worth Rs 35.36 crore forgotten by passengers at airports this yearYou are here: Home > Collections > Cisf
Goods worth Rs 35.36 crore forgotten by passengers at airports this year
Aman Sharma, ET Bureau Dec 6, 2014, 10.48AM IST
Tags:
CCTV
(Company executive Sunil Tandon forgot…)
NEW DELHI: Navy commander Srisharsha forgot to pick up his mobile after going through security check at Mumbai domestic airport last month. When he was about to board his flight an hour later, still oblivious of his lapse, a Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) officer ran up to him with the handset. The commander was told that the CISF, which runs security at most Indian airports, had traced him from CCTV footage at the spot where he had left the device.
Company executive Sunil Tandon forgot his wallet on a baggage trolley after arriving at the Delhi International Airport from Kaula Lampur in the rush of getting into a taxi. The CISF was able to track him through the boarding pass, asked Malaysia Airlines for his details, got his phone number from social media, called him up and returned his wallet.
Tandon and Srisharsha are among hundreds of passengers who have sent emails expressing their gratefulness to the CISF every month. Such forgetfulness is fairly widespread among people who travel by air in India, according to a presentation by the security service. The latest CISF figures show that personal belongings and goods worth Rs 35.36 crore were forgotten by passengers at Indian airports this year until the end of October, marking a surge from the previous year's level. Delhi international airport led in the lost-and-found sweepstakes at Rs 8.93 crore, or one-fourth. The total had amounted to Rs 23.12 crore in all of 2013, up from Rs 20.04 crore in 2012.
Happily enough, the CISF has got quite good at returning stuff to owners. The restoration rate is at 54% or Rs 19.26 crore overall. For Delhi, this is even better at 70%. What are the things that air passengers usually forget? Apple products are well represented--iPads, iPhones and MacBooks. Other items include Samsung Galaxy Tabs, smartphones, digital cameras, wallets, car and house keys, expensive pens, sunglasses, passports and gold ornaments, according to the CISF.
Most of these losses occur in airport lounges, departure areas or toilets. Passengers often forgot to collect their possessions after they've passed through the x-ray at security checks, according to the CISF. They also frequently pick up each other's devices—sometimes deliberately If a passenger can't be located, the items are handed over to the airport management for storage in a warehouse from where passengers can claim them after proving they are the rightful owners.
If no one comes looking for an extended period, the goods are auctioned as per rules. The rising tide of goods left behind had prompted the CISF to set up a lost and found section at all airports a few years ago. This involves extensive CCTV surveillance of the airport to detect any object left behind by a passenger. Based on a review of CCTV footage, the CISF zeroes in on the face of the passenger and tries to track his movement toward the departure or arrival gates.
Businessman Harish Palecanda realized this when on October 31, while boarding a flight from Delhi to Mumbai with his family, he left behind his bag in the trolley while rushing to the security check gate. "I later found one of my bags was missing but thought I must have left it at home. A man then walked up to me and asked: Where are you going without your bag? He was CISF personnel PD Swami, who had tracked me from CCTV footage," Palecanda wrote in his e-mail thanking the CISF.
If the CISF is unable to track a person at the airport, they match the face and profile with Facebook and other social media platforms on the basis of CCTV footage."When an abandoned mobile is found, the last dialed number is called to find the name and flight details of the owner and approaching the departure gate without any delay. The passenger is also tracked through CCTV camera in the lounge and passenger waiting area," the CISF said in its presentation.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bharti Retail Plans to borrow up to 2K crYou are here: Home > Collections > Retailers
Bharti Retail plans to borrow up to Rs 2000 crore to accelerate store openings
Sagar Malviya, ET Bureau Dec 6, 2014, 10.52AM IST
Tags:
Accenture
MUMBAI: A year after parting ways with Walmart, billionaire Sunil Mittal's Bharti Retail plans to borrow up to 2,000 crore to accelerate store openings and spruce up operations. The company board has already passed the fund-borrowing resolution, according to Bharti Retail's recent filings with the registrar of companies. The filing, however, didn't specify when and where the amount will be utilised. A Bharti spokesperson declined to comment.
A real estate industry official privy to Bharti Retail's plan said, "The company has stabilised most of the operations post-Walmart and is now looking for some big-ticket spending to improve back-end efficiency and expansion." Experts said the company may need funds to spruce up back-end operations and speed up expansion to compensate the void created by its estranged partner Walmart. Bharti and Walmart ran an equal wholesale joint venture in India until differences cropped up between the partners, leading to a split in the six-year-old alliance in October last year.
Bharti Retail was using Walmart's IT platform until three months ago, but recently roped in Accenture to implement SAP solutions .
Walmart was also providing technological support and supplying merchandise to Bharti's Easyday chain since its inception in 2008.
Unlike most other retailers that opened stores across India, Bharti Retail consolidated its position in the North before moving to other regions. This cluster strategy, in turn, helped the company manage inventory and profitability better, feel experts.
"Their focus has mostly been on non-metros where cost of operations is less. Sales has also picked up in these markets since many large players aren't present there," said Ruchi Sally, director at retail consultancy Elargir Solutions . "Bharti Retail hardly shut stores even during slowdown when others closed hundreds of doors, which is an indication that several of their stores must have reached store-level profitability."
Bharti Retail, which changed its accounting year format last fiscal, reported net loss of 314 crore on revenues of 2,748 crore for the 15 months ended March 2014. For the year ended December 2012, it had reported net loss of 538 crore and revenues of 1,581 crore.
Bharti Retail has almost paused expansion, with store count hovering around 180 outlets in the last few years. It has opened some stores this year to take the total to 216 outlets.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Modi govt eyeing Rs 59K crore  5% SAIL sell-off just the startComments
The government’s plan to raise capital by disinvesting its stake in various public sector undertakings (PSUs) got off to a flying start on Friday with its offer-for-sale of 5% stake in public steel sector firm Steel Authority of India Ltd (SAIL) getting oversubscribed by over two times, mopping up Rs. 1,715 crore for the national exchequer.
Revenues from selling shares in state-owned companies is critical to the government’s plans to keep the fiscal deficit — shorthand for the amount of money the government borrows to fund its expenses — at 4.1% of GDP in 2014-15.
A shortfall in revenues may prompt the government to raise indirect taxes — it has already done it twice in petrol and diesel in the last two months — hurting prices.
The high demand for shares of SAIL, both with retail investors (oversubscribed 2.6 times) and non-retail sector (oversubscribed 1.8 times), could pave the way for speedier disinvestment in various other PSUs.
“In order to facilitate retail investors, a 5% price discount was offered to them,” a finance ministry statement said.
In September, the government had approved share sale plans in three major state-owned companies — Coal India Ltd (CIL), NHPC and Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC) — that can potentially earn the exchequer about Rs. 44,000 crore.
There are, however, a few roadblocks that the government may have to overcome. Upstream firms such as ONGC sell crude to domestic oil retailers at a discount linked to global crude prices.
The discount rate rising over the years and the fall in the crude prices recently has had a bearing on ONGC’s bottomlines. The company wants this issue to be resolved before divesting the government stake.
Labour unions, on the other hand, are opposed to stake sale in CIL, which could upset disinvestment plans and have threatened to go on strike if the government goes ahead with the stake sale.
The government has budgeted to earn Rs. 43,425 crore target by selling shares in public sector companies in 2014-15. Besides, it also hopes to earn another Rs. 15,000 crore by selling minority stakes in non-government firms such as ITC, L&T and Axis Bank.
India has missed its disinvestment target for five consecutive financial years. Last year, it could raise only Rs. 16,027 crore, against the budgeted Rs. 40,000 crore.
The Securities and Exchange Board of India has made it mandatory for listed PSUs to pare government shareholding to 75% within the next three years.

Cost of adaptating to impacts of climate change much more than previous estimates: UNreportILE - In this April 3, 2014 file photo, machines dig for brown coal at the open-cast mining Garzweiler in front of a power plant emitting steam near the city of Grevenbroich in western Germany. (Source: AP)
Written by Amitabh Sinha | Express At Lima |
Posted: December 6, 2014 10:09 am | Updated: December 12, 2014 10:45 am
Reinforcing the enormity of the challenge in dealing with climate change, a new UN report has said that even if greenhouse gas emissions were cut in the most optimistic manner from now on, the costs of adapting to the impacts of climate change would be at least two to three times more than previous estimates of just a few months earlier.
In a first-ever Adaptation Gap report, the UN Environment Programme has said that current projections of an annual requirement of $70 to $100 billion in adaptation costs by 2050 might prove to be a gross underestimate. The amount needed might be at least two to three times that figure, it said.
The figure of $70 to $100 billion per year by 2050 had been estimated by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) whose Fifth Assessment Report, released in four parts over the last one year, is the most comprehensive assessment of the scientific basis of climate change ever. The IPCC estimates were based largely on 2010 data of World Bank.
But the UNEP report, released here on Friday, said South Asia, one of the most vulnerable regions, alone might require an average of between $30 to $40 billion for adaptation every year.
Globally, the money required could be as high as $150 billion per year by 2025 or 2030 and between $250 to $500 billion per year by 2050, it said. And these are estimates of best case scenarios when adequate action is taken to rein in greenhouse gas emissions in order to keep the average temperature rise to within 2 degree Celsius as compared to 1850.
“In cases of higher warming pathways, post 2030 cost of adaptation or residual damages are likely to rise very significantly due to higher levels and rate of change and the greater level of anticipatory adaptation,” the report said.
It said in business as usual scenario, the costs to adapt could be as high as $1 trillion per year.
Last month, the UNEP had come out with the Emissions Gap report, an annual analysis of the gap between where the current efforts to cut emissions will take us and what science says must be done to keep temperatures below 2 degree rise. It had said that to meet the 2 degree goal, countries needed to ensure at least 55 per cent cut in emissions compared to 2010 levels by 2050. The emissions needed to be reduced further to net zero somewhere between 2080 and 2100.
The Adaptation Gap report comes at a time when developing countries, continued…

Amazon Elements launch underscores migration of grocery shopping onlineDec 06, 2014 at 11:54am IST
Amazon Elements launch underscores migration of grocery shopping online
21
0
London: Amazon.com's launch of its own private label brand of consumer goods, starting with diapers and baby wipes, underscores the website's maturity as a grocery retailer and the migration of grocery shopping online.
And if successful, the line's sharp prices could pressure profit margins for other makers of consumer goods, such as Procter & Gamble and Kimberly-Clark.
Amazon this week announced the launch of Amazon Elements, a new line of premium, everyday products available to members of its loyalty program Prime, whose membership could exceed 40 million US households this year, according to Bernstein Research.
Amazon this week announced the launch of Amazon Elements, a new line of premium, everyday product.
#amazon #amazon elements #online shopping #ecommerce
Elements will offer information - such as where and when items were made, why each ingredient was included and where the ingredients were sourced.
"The two things customers told us they want are premium products that meet their high standards and access to information," Sunny Jain, Amazon.com Consumables vice president said in a statement. "We're excited to offer Amazon Prime members added selection, beginning with diapers and baby wipes."
Most large grocers have their own private labels, so Amazon's move should not be a huge surprise, said Will Hayllar of OC&C Strategy Consultants. But it does underline Amazon's confidence in its push into consumer products.
"This is a sign of Amazon maturing as a retailer and certainly a sign that they're getting some critical scale in a couple of pockets of CPG (consumer packaged goods)," Hayllar said.
Amazon Fresh, its grocery delivery program, is now in about 10 US markets. That is less than it had originally planned last year, a source said at the time. It faces competition from established companies like FreshDirect and startups like Instacart.
E-commerce accounts for just 3.7 per cent of sales for fast-moving consumer goods like packaged food, drinks and toiletries, but that amount is growing as retailers like Amazon and Ocado gain traction among weekly grocery shops.
The Amazon Elements line is priced in between branded players' premium and basic lines, and its success could pressure margins at suppliers, said Bernstein analysts.
"This would be a challenge for CPG companies, both in terms of the top-line and their own margins, requiring CPG to change the way they fundamentally operate to adapt to this more dynamic and potentially deflationary online pricing environment," Bernstein said in a note.
10

Three years after his death  Steve Jobs gives video testimony in Apple trialDec 06, 2014 at 11:37am IST
Three years after his death, Steve Jobs gives video testimony in Apple trial
28
0
New York: Three years after the tech world mourned his passing, Apple mastermind Steve Jobs was back from the dead giving posthumous testimony in a video at a US antitrust trial.
Jurors in an Oakland court have been submerged since the beginning of the week in a debate over whether consumers who bought Apple's iPod between 2006 and 2009 were effectively forced to purchase their music from the California titan's online iTunes store.
Jobs' testimony from a few months before his death in October 2011 was played at the hearing Friday.
Steve Jobs' testimony from a few months before his death in October 2011 was played at the hearing on Friday.
#steve jobs #apple #ipod #itunes
In excerpts published by online news site The Verge, he said that Apple was "very concerned" about retaliatory measures that could be taken by record companies if songs purchased in iTunes and downloaded to an iPod were then copied onto somebody else's computer.
"We went to great pains to make sure that people couldn't hack into our digital rights management system because if they could, we would get nasty emails from the labels threatening us that they were going to yank the license," Jobs said.
He argued that "lots of hackers" were trying to break into the system, and as a result, Apple had to be constantly "revving the iTunes and iPod software, closing any holes that might be in it, or any problems it might have."
If these changes meant that competitors became locked out, then they were only "collateral damage," he said.
Plaintiffs in the class-action suit argued that the repeat changes prevented other online music stores - and potentially less expensive ones at that - from adapting their own systems fast enough for their music to be used on the iPod.
This, they said, meant iPod owners had to make purchases on iTunes.
The plaintiffs are claiming $350 million in damages. US law allows the judge to triple that sum.
The trial continues next week.
Jobs died at the age of 56 after battling cancer for several years.
His death came less than two months after ceding company leadership to Apple's current CEO Tim Cook.
199

World markets continue to remain buoyantWorld markets continue to remain buoyant
Hindalco Industries allots equity sharesHindalco Industries allots equity shares
Microsoft  Barnes & Noble end partnershipMicrosoft  Barnes & Noble end partnership
Five Abu Sayyaf militants killed in PhilippinesFive Abu Sayyaf militants killed in Philippines
Lutheran World Relief Prepares for Typhoon Hagupit Relief  Commits Initial $50 000 to Aid Relief Efforts in the PhilippinesLutheran World Relief Prepares for Typhoon Hagupit Relief  Commits Initial $50 000 to Aid Relief Efforts in the Philippines
Prince William to visit 9/11 memorial in New YorkPrince William to visit 9/11 memorial in New York
You are right sir same thing i am feeling.but don`t worry.something ha...New Member
1 Followers
@Usakrani Why u r so depressed ,while u have all good knowledge about RPower for example from your post "Reliance Power plans Rs 50,000-crore capex over next five years
Economic Times, Sept 30, 2014
MUMBAI: Reliance Power (RPower) plans to invest nearly Rs 50,000 crore in the next five years to undertake various
expansion projects, including increasing power generation and coal production.
"We will complete our first phase of investments of Rs 50,000 crore, in development projects, this fiscal. We now
plan to invest another Rs 50,000 crore in the next five years for undertaking various expansion projects," RPower
chairman Anil Ambani told shareholders during the AGM.
He said the company has invested in projects like the 600-mw Butibori project in Maharashtra, the 4,000-mw Sasan
UMPP and coal production in the region, the 40-mw solar project in Rajasthan and other wind-based projects.
"These projects are coming to financial closure and most of them have begun operations," Ambani said.
He said the funds will be used to commence power generation from its 4,000-mw ultra mega power project in
Tilaiya in Jharkhand as well as the coal production, with a capacity of 40 mt per annum, linked with it and the 700-
mw Tato hydel project in Arunachal.
"The Supreme Court has cancelled the allocation of coal blocks but four and two of them which are linked to our
UMPPs in Sasan in MP and Tilaiya in Jharkhand belong to us. We have coal blocks with a total capacity of 65 mt of
coal and once they are operational we will be the largest coal producer in the country," he said.
Ambani further said the company is mulling participating in the government`s plans to set up solar UMPPs in various
parts.
"We are actively considering participating in the government`s plan to set up solar UMPPs in India. The government
will announce the UMPP schemes and each project is likely to be as large as 500 mw each. We will support one of
them," Ambani said.
Replying to a shareholder`s query about the proposed 7,480 mw Dadri gas-based project in Uttar Pradesh, he said,
"based on the overall scenario we have decided to give back 2000 acres acquired for the Dadri project to the state
which will in turn give it back to the owners."
However, he said "as and when the gas scenario changes, we will have exposure to largest 2,400-mw gas based
Samalkot project in Andhra".
"We hope the government will take efforts to put the capacity of nearly 28,000mw which is lying idle due to lack of
gas to productive use as these are national assets. There were assurances from the government when these plants
were built that gas will be supplied.
"As the government reviews the gas based pooling"
THOUGH I M ALSO investor FROM THE TIME OF IPO and buying since that time a lots of RPower . I M very much Hopefull that  one day I WILL MAKE A BIGGGG PROFIT FROM THIS JUST HAVE FAITH IN YOUR INVESTMENT.

Market will correct till jan end better book profit n eneter below 90 ...Like this Message. Repost it to millions of investors.
Guest
Bull bhai what you think about ROLTA. Once you have given buy call. Jhila raha hai... This money can be used for some other chita stock.
Please reply.
In reply to : bull_bhai message
8.44 PM Dec 5th

Chart is very weak.hope downtrend stops at 225.Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

24 ka 38 hogaya aur tu bolta hai ulti ginti suru hogayi......lolGold Member
24 Followers
boarders see this guy bb master he says ha has some stocks which will never corect, not even 1%  his stocks keeps on rising every single day, so let us give him a big round of applause before he shares his ever rising stock with, come forward mr bb master :))
In reply to : bbmaster message
1.05 PM Dec 6th

Scam stories: an auditors accountsNot Just an Accountant: Vinod Rai
Not Just an Accountant: Vinod Rai
TOPICS
non-fiction
Former CAG explains in layman’s terms, the extent of scandals and the sequence of events around them
Vinod Rai has transformed the office of the Comptroller and Auditor General of India. His recent memoirs ‘Not Just an Accountant’ bear testimony to this new role, as they detail different scams, and the tough stand taken by the CAG in each.
In the book, Rai indicts the government on five different scams. But before that, he tells us a little of his personal story. Joining the IAS in 1972, Rai’s early days saw him in limbo land as the government of Nagaland sparred with the Central government. The young Rai made the long journey from the training academy in Mussoorie to Dimapur and then Kohima, only to be told on arrival, to go right back. Such little anecdotes set the tone for Rai’s memoirs. As he moves on, to the Kerala cadre, Rai had his own share of mini standoffs with ministers, but is able to manage most, included one with the then Finance Minister P. Chidambaram.
When Rai was appointed as the CAG in 2008, he took the office very seriously. In the chapter on the role of Audit for instance, he delves into history, on the powers and the respect accorded to his predecessors in Audit, as far back as the early days of independence. He made speeches on these matters, and evaluated very seriously all criticism directed at the CAG office. Some of this criticism was scathingly personal, and Rai quotes former Minister of Information and Broadcasting, Manish Tewari, as saying of him (Rai) “The R-virus has infected the India growth story”.
The scams are entitled ‘Follies’ and appear soon after. The Commonweath Games, the 2G spectrum allocation, the coal block allocation, the issue of gas exploration in the Krishna-Godavari basin and the mismanagement of Air India in aviation, have all been the subject of audit investigations. Each scam has been the subject of a detailed audit report, placed in Parliament and therefore in the public domain. Backed by unassailable data and investigation, Rai explains the intrigues behind the scenes of each of these scams.
Communicating such exposes on scams has been Rai’s forte. He and his team took the social obligation of audit very seriously. “We commenced pushing the envelope and going beyond conventional and conservative practices” he says. Rai began to design and disseminate hard hitting communication to the public. Pamphlets, referred to as ‘Noddy books’ were distributed to media and citizen groups. These explained the gist of bulky audit reports in about 20 pages in the style and size of Enid Blyton’s Noddy series. Losses to the public exchequer were quantified and the size of these (Rs. 1.79 lakh crores) electrified the nation. The individual chapters in the book, one per scam, are in a similar style of communication. They attempt to explain, in layman’s like language the extent of the scams, and the sequence of events around them.
The gas exploration issue, for instance, is referred to as ‘a slippery deal’. The saga merits narration, says Rai because it illustrates how “in a Public Private Partnership (PPP) the interests of the government are the first casualty”. Contrary to policy the Reliance Industries Limited (RIL) consortium was allowed to keep blocks it should have relinquished. It was allowed to inflate capital costs and therefore deprive the government of revenue. Rai goes on to say the Prime Minister seemed impervious to suggestions of structural changes to this partnership defending RIL as one of the ‘most respected and best-known companies possessing a global reach’.
Manmohan Singh is held accountable for some of the other scams too. “Had the Prime Minister insisted on transparency … the course of political history of this country would have been different,.” he declares. On the subject of former Telecom Minister, A Raja and the scams in the 2G spectrum allocation, he says “How can the office of the Prime Minister distance itself from such major decisions? Arm’s length from the action of his own government?”
In a concluding chapter, ‘Course Correction’ Rai ends with a dose of didacticism. He indicts the present ‘crony capitalism’. Demand transparency, accountability and morality, he says through citizen participation, through NGO’s, and through empowering watchdog institutions and the media. Much of the stories and the controversies in the book have been played out in the public domain. Yet despite being public, the book has an intensely personal feel to it. It is deeply defensive, laying fact after fact on the table. Eventually it is this intensity, as well as the sheer topicality of the issues it looks at, that make it such an engaging read.

eBay launches iberry Auxus ONE  selfie  207 smartphone  RIST SmartwatchGlobal cos to hire most from India: Pepsico India chief D Shivakumar
eBay India has announced the exclusive launch of iberry Auxus’ latest gadgets the Auxus ONE Smartphone and the iberry Auxus RIST Smartwatch exclusively on ebay.in.
The devices are priced at Rs 15,990 and Rs 9,990 respectively and are available from December 8 exclusively on ebay.in.
iberry Auxus ONE packs a unique feature which enables users to scroll up/down and capture the images on camera touching the back panel of the phone.
Auxus RIST Smartwatch is India’s first attempt at a smartwatch with inbuilt SIM slot on an Android OS. It is waterproof smartwatch mobile powered by a dual core processor. The new age smart device also supports voice input method powered by Google Now.
“Auxus products have been well received by gadget enthusiasts logging into ebay.in. We are confident that the smartphone and smartwatch will also be a grand success on ebay.in,” said Vidmay Naini, Business Head – Technology Category, PaisaPay & PowerShip, eBay India.
“We felt more than concentrating on value for money, we should rather go back to our drawing board, plan and create something that is perfectly right from the point of holding it till it consumption,” added Feroz Ahmed, Co-founder and COO, iberry Auxus.
Auxus ONE Smartphone
* Sony™ Sensor 15.5MP 207 degree revolving camera
* Runs on a 1.7GHz Hybrid Octa- Core MT6592 processor with an Android 4.4 OS
* 5.7” inch OGS HD Full Lamination display  protected by Gorilla Glass
* Powered by a 2GB RAM, Mali-450 GPU, GPS and NFC
* Supports a Dual SIM feature and uses a 3200mah li-polymer battery    * Memory space of 32 GB and expandable up to a massive storage capacity of 128 GB
* Price: INR 15,990
* Waterproof Smartwatch with Dualcore processor
* 32GB expandable memory via MicroSD card
* WiFi compatibility with Bluetooth 4.0 and GPS
* 3MP Camera with Video recording feature
* MicroSIM slot that supports voice call and data over 3G
* Powered by Li-ion rechargeable removable battery lasting for the whole day
* Price: INR 9,990
TAGS: Iberry Auxus
More from industry
IIT-Guwahati prof accused of rape by office assistant, held The dean of academic affairs at the IIT here has been arrested for allegedly raping an office assistant, a senior police officer said on Tuesday. “A case was registered against IIT Guwahati Professor Alok Kumar Ghosal at the Panbazar Women police station here… He was brought to the police station for examination last night and […]

Inside story of how Kotak sealed ING Vysya dealInside story of how Kotak sealed ING Vysya deal
MC Govardhana Rangan, ET Bureau Dec 6, 2014, 10.25AM IST
Tags:
Australia
(The turn of events highlight…)
MUMBAI: Predator turned prey — that seems to sum up what happened in the case of Kotak Mahindra Bank and Dutch financial group ING, a role reversal that came about six years after the world of finance was turned on its head in the meltdown of 2008. Rewind to a year before that for a spot of irony: Michel Tilmant , former chief executive of ING, and Kotak's Executive Vice-Chairman Uday Kotak met in 2007 in Mumbai's Grand Hyatt hotel.
They discussed the Indian market and its potential. Tilmant spoke of his grand design for ING in India. Part of the conversation was about ING's decision to buy 1.8% of Kotak in a share sale that year. The idea then was to treat this albeit small holding as a springboard for the Dutch group's ambitions in India, along with ING Vysya Bank , said two people familiar with those discussions. Then came the credit crisis that forced Tilmant to go to the Dutch government cap in hand.
Key Player who Swung Deal in Kotak's Favour
This led to the almost inevitable denouement that played out last month as Kotak Mahindra announced its all-stock purchase of ING Vysya in a transaction valued at $2.4 billion. Kotak Mahindra is in the process of absorbing ING Vysya to become the fourth-largest private sector bank in India. ING will own 6.5% of Kotak Mahindra and nominate a member to the board.
The turn of events highlight the unpredictable manner in which fast-unfolding events can upset plans in ways least expected. Although every private sector bank in India was at one time or the other interested in ING Vysya fs small and medium enterprise loan franchise, 573 branches, and a64,582 crore in assets, it was Kotak Mahindra that swung the deal. And it managed to strike a deal that some in the M&A world consider to be pegged at a lower-than-expected premium.The negotiations for this particular deal may have started about 18 months ago, but it was the sevenyear relationship between the top executives of the two financial institutions that helped seal the deal, said people who did not want to be identified.
Funnily enough, Uday Kotak, renowned as a rainmaker, wasn't the most critical player in all of this, nor was it Ralph Hamers , the current CEO of ING. Those who know say it was Vaughn Richtor , the head of ING Direct in Australia , who swung the deal decisively in favour of Kotak Mahindra.The Chennaiborn Richtor, who was head of ING Vysya before his current assignment in Australia, has had a long association with Kotak Mahindra and is aware of the organisation fs culture and its people.
Indeed, the relationship was so strong that when ING decided to dispose of its subsidiary, it did not even ask for bids from others as it was comfortable dealing with Kotak, said a person who did not want to be identified. The stock swap may not even be considered a sale by normal standards as ING will continue to own a stake in the bank and have a director on board. Now the question is this: Given that ING is working toward emerging from its financial mess internationally, is there any plan to make Kotak an even bigger partner for the future? Watch this space.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Violent discipline was acceptable in ashram cultureNobel laureate Malala Yousafzai 'heartbroken' by Pak school attack
A former member of Australia’s oldest Yoga ashram founded by an Indian, where children as young as four were allegedly subjected to horrific sexual and physical abuse, described violent discipline as an acceptable part of ashram culture.
Repeatedly breaking down at a public hearing into the sexual abuse case during the 1970s and 1980s, the former member, known as Shishy, apologised for the pain and suffering she had caused, including the slapping of children at the Satyananda Yoga Ashram at Mangrove Mountain in New South Wales, Australian media reports.
The woman, who is now in mid-50s, however, said she could not recall some of the more vicious assaults described in evidence.
The Royal Commission into Institutional Responses to Child Sexual Abuse had previously heard evidence from former child residents that Shishy allegedly subjected them to fierce beatings and summoned teenage girls for sex with the ashram’s leader, Swami Akhandananda Saraswati, who came to Australia from India in the mid-1970s to spread the word of Satyananda’s teachings.
“I would like to say that I deeply, deeply regret and feel quite desperately sorry for anything that I did or didn’t do that has caused these people and their families any pain whatsoever,” the woman said during the hearing.
Shishy told the commission that she was forced to initiate a sexual relationship with a 14-year-old boy at Akhandananda’s behest when she was 24, describing it as the “most shameful thing of my life”.
“He told me that I should start initiating him in the same way he did the girls. He became extremely violent toward me when I refused,” she said.
Shishy told that she later left the ashram, fell in love with the boy known as APQ and they had a daughter.
Shishy said that while sex was banned under the teachings of influential Yoga teacher Swami Satyananda Saraswati, she began a sexual relationship with Akhandananda.
“Swamis were celibate … so at the time I did become involved with him I was surprised that it could happen,” she said.
She said that she she left the centre in 1985 when she became aware that what was happening at the ashram was abuse.
The commission heard that she reported the abuse to Satyananda in 1986 but he responded: “Well, you know, pretty much, it’s always been thus.”
When Shishy returned from India she cooperated with police and gave evidence against Akhandananda in court proceedings.
Akhandananda was convicted over sexual offences relating to former child residents in 1987 but the conviction was overturned in 1991. He died from alcoholism in Cairns in 1997. Satyananda died in 2009.
The hearing, before Justice Jennifer Coate, is still continuing.
TAGS: Satyananda Yoga Ashram Swami Akhandananda Saraswati
More from miscellaneous
AAP comes out with a song to boost its campaign Aam Aadmi Party has come up with a song which is being played at all the rallies and meetings addressed by party chief Arvind Kejriwal and other leaders.

PIL challenges Shiv Sena move to join BJP govt in MaharashtraNobel laureate Malala Yousafzai 'heartbroken' by Pak school attack
A day when Shiv Sena formally joined the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Government in Maharashtra, a Public Interest Litigation (PIL) was filed in the Bombay High Court challenging the saffron party’s “illegal” move.
Shiv Sena, which until was main Opposition party in Maharashtra Assembly, became part of the BJP- led Government in the State. Ten Sena legislators joined the Council of Ministers headed by Devendra Fadnavis.
The Sena’s move was against the House rules as members of an Opposition party cannot switch over to the treasury benches at least for six months after a trust vote is won, contended the Public Interest Litigation (PIL), filed by activist Ketan Tirodkar.
The Public Interest Litigation (PIL) was mentioned by the petitioner before a Bench headed by Chief Justice Mohit Shah, who decided to hear it on December 8.
The Public Interest Litigation (PIL) prayed Assembly Speaker Haribhau Bagde and Chief Minister Fadnavis be directed to frame rules to prevent Sena MLA Eknath Shinde, Leader of Opposition till yesterday, from taking up Ministerial post for a period of six months.
The petition also sought a direction from the court to the respondents to bar the Opposition members from joining the ruling benches for a period of six months.
Last month, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Government won confidence motion by a voice vote in the Assembly. At that time Shinde was Leader of Opposition. The Sena has now joined the Government. This step was “not legal”, the petitioner contended.
Once a trust motion was passed in the Assembly, the Government was not required to prove its majority again for a period of six months, according to rules. Hence, a no-trust motion cannot be brought within six months from the date of earlier motion (November 12), said the petition.
The Public Interest Litigation (PIL) said the ruling party cannot be unseated within the next six months. Similarly, an Opposition party can’t change its status within the same period and switch over to the treasury benches, and that too for the sake of Cabinet berths.
Meanwhile, a single Bench of the High Court declined to hear another petition, also filed by Tirodkar, challenging the Assembly Speaker’s decision to go in for a voice vote instead of a division of votes (head count) during the trust motion.
“Not before me”, said Justice Vijaya Tahilramani. The petition would now come up for hearing on December 8 before the Bench headed by Chief Justice Shah.
TAGS: Bharatiya Janata Party Devendra Fadnavis PIL Shiv Sena
More from miscellaneous
AAP comes out with a song to boost its campaign Aam Aadmi Party has come up with a song which is being played at all the rallies and meetings addressed by party chief Arvind Kejriwal and other leaders.

Dolphin Offshore gets extension of the contractDec 06, 2014, 11.41 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Dolphin Offshore gets extension of the contract
Dolphin Offshore Enterprises (India) has informed regarding extension of the contract.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Dolphin Offshore gets extension of the contract
Dolphin Offshore Enterprises (India) has informed regarding extension of the contract.
Post your opinion here

Balakrishna does a lungi danceBy: Indo-Asian News Service | Hyderabad |
Posted: December 6, 2014 12:03 pm
Actor Nandamuri Balakrishna’s fans are in for a treat as their star has grooved to a song in lungi in upcoming Telugu film, tentatively titled ‘Godsea’.
The film’s director Satyadeva says the actor can still give his young counterparts a run for money.
“We recently shot a song featuring Balakrishna in a lungi. It has come out extremely well. I don’t think any other actor can dance so well at his age. He can still give tough competition to the younger flock of actors,” Satyadeva told IANS.
“We’ve completed about seventy percent of shooting. We’re planning for release early next year,” he said.
Also starring Trisha Krishnan and Radhika Apte, the film is being produced by Rudrapati Ramana Rao.

Thousands pay tribute to Dr B R Ambedkar on 58th death anniversaryBy: Press Trust of India | Mumbai |
Posted: December 6, 2014 11:38 am | Updated: December 6, 2014 3:11 pm
Rich tributes were paid to the architect of Constitution, Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar on his 58th death anniversary, observed as ‘Mahaparinirvan Din’ by thousands of followers from all over the state who converged at his memorial ‘Chaityabhoomi’ on Saturday near Shivaji Park in Dadar.
Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis and Education Minister Vinod Tawde were among the leaders who paid homage to Ambedkar at ‘Chaityabhoomi’.
At Mantralaya, the state secretariat, floral tributes were offered to the late leader. At Vidhan Bhawan, Legislature staff paid tributes to Ambedkar.
The city’s public transport wing, BEST undertaking, ran special buses between Dadar and Shivaji Park, an official said, adding that food stalls were also being put up to provide free snacks there.
The BMC has set up temporary sheds, mobile toilets and six medical stalls at Shivaji Park, Dadar Station, at Rajgriha (Ambedkar’s residence) and Kurla Terminus.
Arrangements were also made to provide drinking water at Shivaji Park, he said

Burdwan blast probe: Key suspect Shahnoor Alam arrested by NIAWritten by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati |
Posted: December 7, 2014 12:04 am | Updated: December 7, 2014 10:37 am
A day after Sahanur Alom (32), alias “doctor Ilias”, a top Jamaatul Mujahideen Bangladesh (JMB) operative was arrested in Nalbari district, the Assam Police on Saturday confirmed that several top JMB leaders from Bangladesh had visited at least one madrasa in the state and conducted some motivational training there.
“We have confirmed that some top JMB leaders had visited a madrasa in Larkuchi village in Nalbari and organized motivational training to induct boys from here in order to create JMB modules in Assam the way they did in West Bengal,” Assam Police DG Khagen Sarma said.
Formally announcing the arrest of Alom – who was among the 12 “most wanted” by the NIA in the Burdwan blast case – the Assam DGP also said that the police was on the look-out for five or six more persons having close links with the JMB. Sahanur Alom was arrested from Larkuchi village under Mukalmua police station in Nalbari district, and remanded in 14 days police custody by the CJM’s court here on Saturday.
“Several persons are under our surveillance as also some NGOs and madrasas. We have already arrested ten of them including the most-wanted Sahanur Alom. There are five or six more who are important. We are also looking for four women,” the DGP said. Sahanur’s wife Sujena Begum alias Suriya Bhano was arrested by the police on November 6 in Guwahati.
Sahanur Alom, who was carrying a cash reward of Rs 5 lakh announced by the NIA last month, was picked up from Larkuchi village by a team of the Assam Police on Friday after he had managed to remain elusive for over two months since the Burdwan blast of October 2.
“Sahanur had shifted from one place to another in lower Assam as well as Meghalaya and had even tried to sneak out to Bangladesh several times,” the DGP said, describing the arrest as a major success.
Sahanur Alom, whose name in the organization was Ilias, however was popularly known as “doctor” as he had undergone some para-medic training and was working in the villages as a quack dentist. Hailing from Chatala, a village under Sarthebari police station in Barpeta district, he has been involved with the JMB for over one year and half, DGP Sarma said.
“The best thing is that the local Muslim population has not given any indulgence to Sahanur and other JMB operatives. Local Muslims in fact chased them away in village Chaolpoka, and informed the police when he and some others tried to organize a namaz one day ahead of the scheduled Eid namaz in Chatala,” DGP Sarma said.
When asked whether the Jamaatul Mujahideen Bangladesh (JMB) was particularly eyeing pockets inhabited by people of Bangladesh origin, the Assam Police chief said the JMB continued…

Oil bonanza to boost fiscoil bonanza to boost fisc
SAIL Stake Oversubscribed  Nets  1 715 crore for GovernmentSAIL Stake Oversubscribed  Nets  1 715 crore for Government
Capital First allots equity sharesCapital First allots equity shares
Nanowires to combat cell damage  breakthrough to prevent ageingBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 6, 2014 12:53 pm | Updated: December 6, 2014 1:14 pm
 Nanowires made of vanadia can reduce cell damage in the human body, researchers from Indian Institute of Science (IISc), Bangalore have found. This breakthrough can help develop drugs that prevent ageing, cardiac disorders, and several neurological problems like Parkinson’s and Alzheimer’s disease. Vanadium oxide or vanadia is a form of vanadium, an element found close to titanium on the periodic table.
Reactive Oxygen Species (ROS) are produced during normal cellular metabolism. When the level of ROS is elevated, normal redox state of cells is disturbed, leading to damage of cellular components, including proteins, lipids, and DNA. Oxidative stress caused by ROS is responsible for various conditions ranging from a simple premature greying of hair to serious diseases like cancer, diabetes, arthritis, ageing and kidney disorders.
“Many of the antioxidant-based drugs used to control ROS, also produce ROS, though at small proportions. So we wanted to concentrate on a mechanism that mimics the natural detoxification pathways,” say Prof G Mugesh and Patrick D’Silva, who led the research team.
In a paper published in Nature Communications, they have shown that vanadia nanowires actually mimic a natural
antioxidant enzyme, according to a Gubbi Labs release.ROS are helpful when their concentrations are optimal. They help in numerous biochemical reactions and act as critical secondary messengers in signalling pathways. They are also essential for the normal metabolism of the human body.
“The human body has numerous mechanisms to scavenge ROS, and specifically hydrogen peroxide. However, when people are suffering from a disease, the production of ROS shoots up, and the natural scavenging mechanisms are not able to cope with. In such cases, we may have to control ROS levels artificially,” says D’Silva.
The IISc team has demonstrated that when the ROS levels are too much for the natural defence system to handle, vandia nanowires can control ROS accumulation and stop the resulting cell damage. The entry of nanowires inside the cells is crucial because, the nanowires must get inside the cell to start their scavenging jobs.
Therefore, the researchers treated human cells from different organs and made sure through elaborate methodology
that the nanowires could efficiently enter the cells. This clearly shows that vanadia nanowires posses  detoxifying abilities for a variety of cells.Interestingly, vanadia in bulk and foam form do the exact opposite: they enhance ROS levels; hence the nanosize of vanadia is critical for its function. “It is remarkable thatthe material that generates ROS in bulk and foam forms, can actually destroy them at nanoscales,” says Prof G. Mugesh, elaborating on the significance of the research.
With the initial positive results, the discovery needs further studies before being translated into drugs that can be
administered. “We have shown that nanovanadia works at the cellular level. Next we want to focus on administering it in animals, and see how it performs,” say Mugesh and D’Silva.

No qualms in playing village-based roles: AnandhiBy: Indo-Asian News Service | Chennai |
Posted: December 6, 2014 12:29 pm
Actress Anandhi, who will next be seen in forthcoming Tamil romantic-drama ‘Kayala’, says she has no fear of taking up a village-based role because she gives prime importance to the script and performance.
In ‘Kayala’, which is set against the backdrop of the 2004 tsunami, Anandhi plays a village girl. In her next yet-untitled film with director A. Sargunam, she plays a similar role.
“If my directors think I’m more suitable for village-based roles, I’m fine with it. But the film should have interesting script and ample scope for performance. Otherwise, I don’t usually sign a film,” Anandhi told IANS.
“Both ‘Kayal’ and Sargunam sir’s films have given me author-backed roles. That’s why I didn’t mind taking them up even though they were village-based,” she said.
Currently busy shooting for Sargunam’s film, Anandhi is really looking forward to ‘Kayal’.
“It will be a landmark film not just for me but also for the industry. We worked extremely hard to complete it,” she added.
Directed by Prabhu Solomon, ‘Kayal’ is scheduled for release Dec 26 on the occasion that marks the 10 years of devastating Indian Ocean tsunami.

India tour of Australia: Can spinners turn it Indias wayWritten by Vinay Kumar |
Posted: December 6, 2014 12:22 pm | Updated: December 6, 2014 3:55 pm
Whenever a team travels to Australia, the bulk of the news is about the bouncy pitches and the pacers. The off-field trash talks also make it to the news. India’s tour to Australia is no exception.
With everyone talking about Indian pacers and Mitchell Johnson, the Indian spinners have taken a back seat. In India’s 18-man squad, R Ashwin, R Jadeja and Karn Sharma are the three spinners. With Ashwin already having the experience of playing in Australia in 2012, the two others are on their first tour Down Under. Though spinners don’t play the role they do back home, but their contribution to the attack is of utmost importance. A look at the very fresh Indian spin attack:
R Ashwin
Strengths:
Variation:Ashwin is a confident bowler who backs his ability. While he uses his off-spinners to a great effect, the carom ball also brings him a lot of wickets. Many would argue that it is more effective in shorter format of the game but Ashwin is never reluctant to use it in Tests, especially when he comes around the wicket.
Experience: While the other two spinners will be new to the Australian conditions, Ashwin does have the experience of playing there in 2012. The previous tour was a disaster for him with just nine wickets from three matches at an average of 62. Now that he knows the conditions, he will be more prepared and raring to go. Not to forget Ashwin – the batsman. He has played some crucial knocks in the past and also has two Test centuries to his name. Even in England, he played two brilliant innings in Manchester. Australia should be no different.
Weakness:
Defensive approach: There is something Aswhin and Harbhajan Singh have in common. If they get wickets early in their spell, they are very different bowlers and could win you the game single-handedly. But if they fail to get early wickets, they turn defensive. Ashwin loses his sharpness and tries varying his line length and pace rather than giving the ball some flight, which backfires. He will set defensive fields and that is when he fails to prove his worth.
There is no doubt Ashwin loves challenges. His rivalry with Glenn Maxwell is also not hidden. But Ashwin should not get carried away. He should stay focused and take responsibility as the leader of the attack as far as the spin department is concerned.
Ravindra Jadeja
Strengths:
Consistency: Jadeja is just 12 Test old and has 45 wickets to his name. Out of those 45 wickets, 44 percent have been either bowled or LBW. This shows how consistently Jadeja sticks to that middle-leg line. Jadeja tormented the Australians when they were in India in 2013, taking 24 wickets at an average of 17.45. But Indian conditions are very different. On his first tour to Australia, Jadeja may find everything new but he will surely be consistent with his line and length and slip in the odd arm bowl which has given him most of his wickets.
Weakness
No Experimentation: At times, especially during long spells, Jadeja becomes a tad predictable. He sticks to that middle-leg line and gives enough scoring opportunities. It is only when he varies, even if slightly, his line that he is among the wickets. It is never a bad option to keep pushing on the stumps and then toss one around the off-stump. Expecting a mistimed drive.
Karn Sharma
The young leg-spinner has shown a lot of promise in the limited overs cricket but his exploits in Tests are yet to be seen. It is highly-doubtful that he will get a game on this tour but if he does, it will be interesting to see how he bowls to the hard-hitting Australians on the big grounds. It will surely be a great learning experience for him and if the opportunity comes he should grab it with both hands.

Govt clears 10 proposals for manufacturing defence equipmentGovernment clears 10 proposals for manufacturing defence equipment
ET Bureau Dec 6, 2014, 01.26PM IST
(The licensing committee…)
NEW DELHI: The government has cleared 10 proposals for manufacturing defence equipment and explosives, besides several industrial licences of companies including Tata Motors, Punj Lloyd and Pipavav that had been pending for the past several years.
The licensing committee chaired by the department of industrial policy and promotion (DIPP) secretary Amitabh Kant on Tuesday cleared most of the 35 projects listed for grant of industrial licence.
Applications for defence production from major players like Piramal Systems and Technologies, Bharti Shipyard, Tata Motors, M&M, Bharti Shipyards, Punj Lloyd and Pipavav got approval, along with the permission to procure foreign direct investment.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India to grow way ahead of global targets: ABB Global CEOIndia to grow way ahead of global targets: ABB Global CEO
Terrorists tried to attack Indian democracy: PMTerrorists tried to attack Indian democracy: PM
Windies join first anniversary tribute to MandelaWindies join first anniversary tribute to Mandela
GAIL India arm signs sourcing agreement to procure 2.5 MTPA of LNG at Cove Point  USGAIL India arm signs sourcing agreement to procure 2.5 MTPA of LNG at Cove Point  US
Haddin hopeful of Clarke playing in AdelaideHaddin hopeful of Clarke playing in Adelaide
Co. invested rs.85 crs.for doubling the capacity of the formulation pl...Platinum Member
142 Followers
Co. invested Rs.85 Crs.for doubling the capacity of the formulation plant in Uttarakhand anticipating good margins from formulation business based on past years result & to cater to the increasing export & domestic demand.
1.28 PM Dec 6th  | Track

Aindia  their mobile business must be silently cranking out good stuff...Silver Member
166 Followers
Goldman Sachs is predicting that after more than 15 years stuck in China%u2019s slipstream, India could surpass China in the next two years in terms of real gross domestic product expansion.
A recent report from the American investment bank projects India%u2019s real GDP growth rate will remain behind China%u2019s this year and next but surpass it in 2016 with 6.8% GDP expansion as China%u2019s growth slows to 6.7%. The Goldman report predicts that India will extend that lead over the following two years.
As China%u2019s economy cools because of a slump in the property market as well as sliding domestic demand and industrial production, India%u2019s economy will be gaining momentum, said Tushar Poddar, chief India economist for Goldman.
%u201CWe believe the cyclical recovery (in India) has already begun,%u201D he said. %u201CDemand is gradually picking up, while persistently high inflation is trending down.%u201D
The growth optimism comes just days after Transparency International%u2019s annual ranking of least-corrupt countries placed India above China for the first time in 18 years.
In terms of growth, Goldman predicts that India will have one of the highest growth rates in the world in 2016 with more than triple the growth rates of Brazil, Russia, Japan or Europe.
While the most recent quarterly GDP growth figures showed a slowdown from the previous quarter, Goldman said it was expecting the new government%u2013led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi who is using the rare majority his party won in Parliament in May to push through long-delayed spending and reform%u2014to be good for the economy in the coming years.
%u201CThe new government has focused on boosting potential growth and removing bottlenecks on the growth path,%u201D Goldman said in a Dec. 1 report. %u201CThe first six months (of the new administration) has already seen a move towards kick-starting the investment cycle, and we think reforms to boost investments can continue.%u201D

Gmr.il&fs l&t sbi  were also present in the meeting.Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

I am stick and tired of people vouching for 250; 280 our so... it appe...Platinum Member
319 Followers
I am stick and tired of people vouching for 250; 280 our so... it appears stock is on a long consolidation period which event lasts for 3 to 4 months, I dont see Apollo doing spectacular some time now
1.27 PM Dec 6th  | Track

IPL spot-fixing: BCCI sealed my fate in five minutes  claims Sreesanthprint
The Justice Mudgal panel's final report on the IPL spot-fixing scandal has named top BCCI officials.
The Supreme Court has also made scathing observations days after the BCCI gave a clean chit to its sidelined president, N Srinivasan, and IPL COO, Sundar Raman. The BCCI's two-man panel had not found anything against Srinivasan's son-in-law and CSK official, Gurunath Meiyappan.
But the BCCI banned three Rajasthan Royals players for spot-fixing on the basis of a police chargesheet that is yet to stand scrutiny in court. The main figure in this saga, S Sreesanth, banned for life, feels cheated.
Charged by the police for bowling no balls in exchange for money in an IPL match last year, the former India pacer says in an interview to HT that he is suffering because he doesn't have a 'godfather' and that the BCCI took just five minutes to decide his fate.
Excerpts:
Do you think BCCI has done injustice to you?
It's more than injustice, but I don't want to talk about this because my case is sub judice. I don't want to make more enemies. But one thing is clear, I've not been pronounced guilty by the court. I am not bothered about others getting a clean chit. I think of myself and my cricket. There is no proof against me, but if there is, it should become clear (in the court).
Were you not given a chance to present your case properly while deposing before BCCI's Anti-Corruption officials?
They hardly even heard me and decided my fate in five minutes. I was told BCCI was looking into the matter and that I would be informed about the outcome of the inquiry. I had hardly come down and got into my car when I started getting calls from you (media) guys that I have been banned for life. I was shocked. More than anything else, I am not in a position to go back to these people. I don't have a godfather. Whatever I have earned in life is by grace of god. I have not done anything against the game. Whatever I was accused of is based on circumstantial evidence. There is nothing direct against me, nothing has been proved so far.
The Supreme Court suggests there should be overall change in BCCI. If this happens, do you see any hope?
Of course. I am not worrying about playing for India. I just want to be allowed to play for Kerala, or first class or county cricket. I love to play cricket in an honest way. Sooner or later everything will come out. I am praying for this. I just want my cricket back. I am 31-32 now. I just got four or five years of cricket left in me.
How tough were the last two years?
I have gone through something that even my enemy should not. Everything happening with me was insulting, but the biggest humiliation was taking away my cricket. My Kochi ground is just 500 metres from my home but I can't even enter it. This is everyday humiliation.
Are you following the Supreme Court hearing?
Yes. I believe something great will come out. As far as my case is concerned, one thing is clear... I am not even an accused in court, I am just a co-accused. There is nothing against me in the supplementary charge-sheet. My lawyers will argue on January 13. I have a feeling I will come clean.
So, nothing good has happened to you in life since the ban?
It's not like that. I am going to be a father soon.

Actor Gauahar Khan slapped for wearing short skirt on reality showActor Gauahar Khan slapped for wearing short skirt on reality show
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, December 01, 2014
First Published: 00:44 IST(1/12/2014) | Last Updated: 16:32 IST(1/12/2014)
Comments
Actor and model Gauahar Khan was allegedly slapped by a 24-year-old youth who was in the audience of a singing show hosted by her at Film City, Goregaon (East), on Sunday. The Aarey Sub police have detained the suspect, Akil Malik. Police sources said the accused told them he disapproved of the actor wearing a short skirt.
Model-actor Gauahar Khan reacts after being 'slapped' on the sets of a singing reality show. (YouTube)
According to the police, the incident took place during the final episode of India's Raw Star at studio number 9. “A preliminary probe has revealed that someone from the audience started teasing Khan to which she protested. An argument ensued between Gauahar and the man who was teasing her. Things turned ugly when the man suddenly slapped the actor,” an Aarey police officer said requesting anonymity.
India's Raw Star is an Indian singing competition series hosted by Khan and mentored by singer-rapper Yo Yo Honey Singh.
The brawl did not end there with one of the show’s finalists and one of the production men beating up the accused. Guards deployed at the venue intervened and caught the accused and handed him over to the police who later sent him for a medical examination.
A source from the show reveals, “There were over 2,500 people present at the venue with 250 bouncers. Yet a 24-year-old guy in the crowd teased Khan and got into an argument with her. While he was being escorted out of the place, he managed to go up on stage and slapped her.”
The source adds, “It was chaos after the security pulled the man away. Gauahar was shocked and was crying a lot. A stunned Gauahar didn’t understand what happened. Though the shooting was stopped, Gauahar took a break of an hour to gather her bearings and then reported back on stage to finish the leftover one hour shoot.”
“We will record Khan’s statement in detail and will register a case under section 323 (voluntarily causing hurt) and 354 (Assault or criminal force to woman with intent to outrage her modesty) of Indian Penal Code and will arrest the accused youth,” said Vilas Chavan, senior inspector of the Aarey Sub police station.
(With inputs from Kavita Awaasthi)
Watch: Gauahar Khan slapped by a man for wearing this 'short dress'

Gauahar Khan slapped: The issue is not her short skirt but the man s mentalityComments
My first reaction after I hear of a woman molested in a busy area is to go blank. Because that’s what family/society/lawmakers/preservers of the said law have said and re-said over the years: If something like this happens, somewhere it is the woman’s fault.
 
It is your fault that you dressed in jeans. It was your fault that you were out late at night. It was your fault that you looked provocative.
 
Maybe our fault is that we are women and we demand respect when we are out there in the public space with men. And you know what, we are not sorry for that.
 
So, this Monday morning when I saw the old trope of it being the woman’s fault all over again in headlines about Gauahar Khan, I decided not to blank it out. The headlines read: 'Man slaps Gauahar Khan for dressing in skimpy clothes/short dress/mini skirt'.
 
This is how it happened: A member of the audience started teasing Khan while she was on the stage of India’s Raw Star, to which she protested. An argument ensued. Things turned ugly when the man touched the actor inappropriately and then slapped her.
 
The 24-year-old man later told police he objected to the ‘skimpy’ clothes the actor was wearing. Her being a Muslim and dressing so was apparently another reason behind the attack.
 
Ah, the double-pronged sword of derision and going against the tenets of your religion. Suddenly, an absolute nobody is allowed to deride and scorn an actor who is known for her forthright views and reduce her to tears.
The disturbing issue is that women across the country face something similar every day.
 
For those like the Rohtak bravehearts who hit back at men trying to harass them as a busload of people watched, there are thousands of other women who avert their gaze, shut their ears and rush towards safety.
 
And every single one of those girls knows that home may provide them safety but nothing can help with the gnawing uneasiness and guilt inside. What did I do to deserve that?
She may be a successful professional, a meritorious college student, a multitasking housewife or a celeb – as in this case -- but every time she averts her eyes, she loses a chunk of her self respect.
 
It is for the sake of all of them that we need to say Gauahar was not slapped because of the way she was dressed but because that man is a moron. Or as Farhan Akhtar, known for his initiative Men Against Rape and Harassment, wrote on Twitter, “Dearest natural selection, please help us out-evolve morons like the one who slapped Gauhar Khan. Sincerely...”
 
Because that’s the only way: A new man who is in step with the woman of today. A woman who has had enough of the predatory male gaze, of men trying to grab her even as others watch on and being told what she is allowed to do or not do. 
 
It’s not Gauahar’s fault that the man was an idiot. And it is not mine or yours either but it will be if we stay silent.
Model-actor Gauahar Khan reacts after being 'slapped' on the sets of a singing reality show. (YouTube)
@GAUAHAR_KHAN When a stupid man is doing something he is ashamed of, he always declares that it is his duty.. U hold Ur head up high darling
— Farah Khan (@TheFarahKhan) December 2, 2014
Shocked to hear that Gauhar Khan got slapped for alleged indecency. Absurdity just touched a new level. Disgusting and highly condemnable.
— Madhur Bhandarkar (@imbhandarkar) December 1, 2014
Dearest natural selection, please help us out-evolve morons like the one who slapped Gauhar Khan. Sincerely...
— Farhan Akhtar (@FarOutAkhtar) December 1, 2014
One tight slap on the pervert who abused #GauharKhan ! Hope he and the likes of him rot in hell!
— Vishakha J Singh (@vishakhasingh55) November 30, 2014
 
 
 

Pranab s book triggers online-offline warPranab's book triggers online-offline war
Bindu Menon
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 4:  
President Pranab Mukherjee’s book, The Dramatic Decade: The Years of Indira Gandhi is triggering a war between online and offline retailers.
Several retailers are understood to be unhappy with Rupa publication for exclusively selling the book on Amazon.
The Confederation of Traders' Association is also among others who has raised the issue. Praveen Khandelwal, National General Secretary, CAIT said, “We are writing a letter to the President. He is the First Citizen and cannot exclusive sell his book on one site especially at a time when online and offline players are battling each other for customer acquisition.”
(This article was published on December 4, 2014)
Related

Ericsson bags contract to manage Reliance Coms pan-India networkcompany information
Swedish telecom gear maker Ericsson will manage the pan-India network of telecom operator Reliance Communications under a seven-year business agreement signed between the two companies.
“We are excited to partner with Reliance Communications for this strategic multi-technology managed services deal. We have been managing their networks in North and West and are now pleased to extend this support to all 22 circles,” Ericsson Executive Vice President and Head of Business Unit (Global Services) Magnus Mandersson said in a statement.
Under the agreement, Ericsson would take over the responsibility for field maintenance, network operations and operational planning of Reliance Communications’ 2G, CDMA and 3G mobile networks.
However, the financial details of the deal were not disclosed in the statement.
“We are happy to announce our partnership with Ericsson to manage our wire line and wireless network on a pan-India basis,” Reliance Communications’ Head of Commercial Suresh Rangachar said.
The agreement also includes operation and management of Reliance Communications’ wire line network by Ericsson.

Akshay shows off his new tattooCelebrity
Akshay Kumar Launches Baby Movie Trailer
Akshay Kumar’s much-awaited movie Baby is finally out with its first glimpse. Directed by Neeraj Pandey, Baby’s trailer was launched on December 03, 2014, in Mumbai. Present at the event was the director and the entire star cast, Akshay Kumar, Rana Daggubati, Kay Kay Menon, Taapsee Pannu, Madhurima Tulli, Danny Denzongpa.

SAIL offer for sale over-subscribed  govt gets Rs 1 715 crDec 05, 2014, 09.44 PM IST  | Source: PTI
SAIL offer for sale over-subscribed, govt gets Rs 1,715 cr
Government's disinvestment drive got a tremendous start today, with steel major SAIL's share sale being subscribed more than two times fetching the exchequer Rs 1,715 crore.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
SAIL offer for sale over-subscribed, govt gets Rs 1,715 cr
Government's disinvestment drive got a tremendous start today, with steel major SAIL's share sale being subscribed more than two times fetching the exchequer Rs 1,715 crore.
Post your opinion here
 
Government's disinvestment drive got a tremendous start today, with steel major  SAIL's share sale being subscribed more than two times fetching the exchequer Rs 1,715 crore.
The first disinvestment offering this fiscal saw retail investors lapping up SAIL shares taking the overall subscription to 2.08 times (42.93 crore shares) of the 20.65 crore shares on offer.
Government's stake in SAIL will come down to 75 per cent pursuant to this public issue, helping the company to meet Sebi's listing norms.
Government has set a target of Rs 43,425 crore through selling stakes in various PSU firms during the current fiscal. The Offer For Sale (OFS) got bids for 42.93 crore aggregating to over Rs 3,400 crore but with the government not opting for the green shoe option, only Rs 1,715 crore would come to the exchequer.
"OFS for disinvestment of 5 per cent of government equity in SAIL successfully concluded, to fetch Rs 1,715 crore approximately for the government," a Finance Ministry statement said.
The offering for SAIL shares also received a robust response from retail investors, to whom the government has offered a five per cent price discount and has reserved 10 per cent or over 2 crore shares for them.
2.06 crore shares, or 10 per cent, which were earmarked for retail investors were subscribed 2.66 times, while the general category shares were subscribed 2.01 times, according to BSE data.
"Retail investors category was... hugely oversubscribed more than 2.5 times, a record for any retail participation in any OFS," the statement added.
A successful start to the ambitious disinvestment programme will help government contain the fiscal deficit to 4.1 per cent of the GDP in the current financial year.
Government has lined up a host of PSUs to pare holdings. The disinvestment plan includes 5 per cent stake sale in ONGC, 10 per cent in Coal India and 11.36 per cent in NHPC .
SAIL is probably the first OFS in which stock exchanges are showing retail and general category subscription with their respective indicative price separately.
The floor, or the minimum offer, price for SAIL's share sale has been set at Rs 83 apiece, which is 2.75 per cent less than yesterday's closing price.
SAIL stock price
On December 10, 2014, Steel Authority of India closed at Rs 77.25, down Rs 0.8, or 1.02 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 112.90 and the 52-week low was Rs 54.05.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 5.24 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 14.74. The latest book value of the company is Rs 103.30 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 0.75.
RELATED NEWS

Indias recent rise will be put to testUpdated: December 6, 2014 00:27 IST
CHAMPIONS TROPHY
India’s recent rise will be put to test
Y. B. Sarangi
Tweet
The Hindu
THE COVETED ONE: The captains of teams taking part in the Champions Trophy with the trophy on the eve of the tournament in Bhabaneswar on Friday. PHOTO: Sandeep Saxena
TOPICS
Hockey
Inexperienced Germany to rely on Furste, Hauke and Fuchs
It is a strange coincidence that in the most productive year for Indian hockey in three decades the National team is all set to play the prestigious Champions Trophy at home in the distracting backdrop of its chief coach Terry Walsh’s exit.
Walsh’s departure is not even three weeks old. Nevertheless, the team has shown tremendous maturity to take the development in its stride and move on.
The Sardar Singh-led side will have to bank on its maturity when it takes on nine-time champion Germany in its first match of the Champions Trophy, starting at the Kalinga Stadium here on Saturday.
The National team is fortunate to have had guidance of its High Performance Director Roelant Oltmans. Once again playing the Man Friday, the competent Dutch has retained his poise to accept the extra burden. “I know what we have been doing. The mood is good and the team is responding well,” said Oltmans.
A series of successes, including the Asian Games gold, the Commonwealth Games silver and the recent 3-1 series win in Australia, has instilled confidence in the side which is raring to go in front of enthusiastic home supporters, who have kept the ticket counters busy. This is the third time India is hosting the event.
Sardar’s fitness
Even as Sardar’s fitness, due to calf muscle trouble, will be under constant watch, the host will try to make the most of its resources.
Three drag-flickers, including the young Gurjinder Singh, will add variety to penalty corner conversion, while the superb form of S.V. Sunil, Akashdeep Singh and Ramandeep Singh will provide the cutting edge to the front line.
Since the format provides an automatic quarterfinal berth, the Indian think-tank will want Sardar to take less load in the initial phase. It will make other midfielders, such as Manpreet Singh, Dharamvir Singh, S.K. Uthappa and Danish Mujtaba, shoulder more responsibility.
Pepped up by the efficient P.R. Sreejesh under the bar, Rupinderpal Singh, V.R. Raghunath, Birendra Lakra and Gurbaj Singh will seek to protect the Indian citadel to the best of their ability.
Having won only a bronze medal (1982) in 13 appearances, India, ranked ninth in the World, will be eager to have a good start against a comparatively inexperienced German team, which is trying to come to terms with the heat and a host of other factors.
The third best side in the world, which had some below-par performances this year, will rely on the experience of Moritz Furste, Tobias Hauke and Florian Fuchs to make an impact.
India, which had finished fourth in 2012, will also give its best in its other pool B clashes against World Cup bronze medallist Argentina (ranked seventh) and silver medallist The Netherlands (second) while hoping to avoid a tougher opponent in the quarterfinals.
Young talents
Other than Germany, holder Australia — the World champion, top-ranked and a 13-time winner — and eight-time champion the Netherlands have also opted to test their young talents while starting the process of team building for the 2016 Rio Olympics. Under its new coach Jeroen Delmee, Belgium, ranked fourth, boasts of a set of high quality players and will aim to claim its maiden title in the second Champions Trophy appearance.
Argentina will be encouraged with its upsurge in the World Cup and has got the potential to secure its second medal ever in the competition.
Led by the seasoned Barry Middleton, Commonwealth Games bronze medallist and fifth-placed England will be keen to make a mark at the highest level, while Pakistan, at World No. 11, will hope to gather its second consecutive medal from the event and wrap up an otherwise disappointing year on a high.
THE SCHEDULE
Dec. 6: Australia vs England; Belgium vs Pakistan; Holland vs Argentina; India vs Germany.
Dec. 7: Belgium vs Australia; England vs Pakistan; Germany vs Holland; India vs Argentina.
Dec. 9: Argentina vs Germany; England vs Belgium; Australia vs Pakistan; India vs Holland (league phase: Matches 1 to 12).
Dec. 11: Quarterfinal 1: 1A v 4B (Match 13); QF 2: 2B v 3A (Match 14); QF 3: 2A v 3B (Match 15); QF 4: 1B v 4A (Match 16).
Dec. 13: Loser M13 v Loser M14 (5th-8th placings); Loser M15 v Loser M16 (5th-8th); Semifinal 1: Winner M13 v Winner M14; SF 2: Winner M15 v Winner M16.
Dec. 14: Loser M17 v Loser M18 (7th-8th); Winner M17 v Winner M18 (5th-6th); Loser M19 v Loser M20 (3rd-4th); Final: Winner 19 v Winner 20
India vs Germany head-to-head
Overall: Played 89, Won 18, Drawn 23, Lost 48.
In Champions Trophy: Played 14, Won 4, Drawn 2, Lost 8. — Statistics: B.G. Joshi

PM Narendra Modi named  Asian of the Year  by Singapore dailyDec 06, 2014 at  07:54am IST
PM Narendra Modi named 'Asian of the Year' by Singapore daily
14
0
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi was on Friday named "Asian of the Year" by a leading Singaporean press group for being focused on India's development and getting the world "excited" about the prospects of the country again.
Singapore Press Holdings Limited, the publisher of The Straits Times, said "despite being relatively new to the job, he has already made a mark on Asia, reaching out to neighbours and receiving national leaders including Xi Jinping of China and Tony Abbott of Australia."
"Mr Modi has got India and the world excited about hiscountry's prospects again," Warren Fernandez, editor of the daily said in a statement. "He has given his people a renewed sense of direction and purpose, and there are hopeful signs that he is minded to using his strong mandate to good effect in one of Asia's major powers. We wish him and India every success."
It said Modi has had a highly successful visit to Japan for a summit with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe.
#narendra modi #strait times #singapore #asian of the year
It said Modi has had a highly successful visit to Japan for a summit with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe.
Modi's call for a 'Make in India' campaign, if pursued to its logical conclusion with a friendlier investment climate and less rigid labour norms, could help fire up the growth engines of the USD2 trillion economy and provide welcome ballast to the region when the top Asian economy China is slowing, and Japan is in recession, the statement said.
The 64-year-old leader has promised to reform the economy by cutting on the red tape and attracting foreign investments. Modi has energised India with his stirring calls for a development focus, it said.
"Economists project that as early as next year, India could pick up the growth baton from China. Given its huge market, its travellers who fill up hotel rooms and cruise ship cabins from Singapore to Sydney, its hunger for capital goods and commodities, a resurgent India will be a boon for the region and the world," editors said in their citation.
The citation said in January US President Barack Obama would be the chief guest at India's annual Republic Day celebrations -- the first time a US leader will attend the function.
"We look forward to presenting the award to Mr Modi in person at his convenience," said Ravi Velloor, Straits Times foreign editor. The editors' choice was based on several factors: Modi was picked for being development-focused Prime Minister who fashioned an impressive victory for BJP in the polls.
Every December, editors of the Singapore daily pick an Asian whose actions have significantly impacted his own society or the wider Asian continent in the past 12 months. Last year, the award was shared by Chinese President Xi
Jinping and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. The inaugural award, in 2012, went to President Thein Sein of Myanmar.
136

India against Russia sanctions  to add vigour to ties in Putin-Modi meet31
0
New Delhi: As Russia grapples with a floundering sanctions-hit economy, India set the tempo for Russian President Vladimir Putin's two-day India visit next week, saying that it has clearly spelt out that it "cannot be party" to any economic sanctions against its old friend.
Putin is visiting India on December 10-11 for the 15th Annual India-Russia Summit during which he would hold bilateral talks with Prime Minister Narendra Modi on December 11.
Arriving on December 10 night and leaving the following night, Putin is unlikely to address a joint session of Parliament, as was planned earlier.
The two sides will focus on ways to boost trade during talks that will see around 15 agreements inked.
#vladimir putin #narendra modi #india #russia
Ajay Bisaria, joint secretary, Eurasia, in the ministry of external affairs, described India-Russia ties as "special and privileged strategic partnership".
He said both countries "have identity or similarity in views on important global issues, including on the threats of terrorism, particularly in Russia and the neighbourhood and on the need to defuse the Cold War like tensions that are increasingly manifesting themselves in global relations".
"India has said clearly that it cannot be party to any economic sanctions against Russia," he said.
India and Russia are to spell out a "joint vision of their relationship for the next 10 years" which will provide a roadmap to advancing the partnership to qualitatively new levels, with strong focus on redefining the economic partnership, he said.
With bilateral trade at $10 billion, the two sides will focus on ways to boost trade during talks that will see around 15 agreements inked, including some between private entities.
Russia, hit by Western sanctions over Ukraine and the falling prices of oil, is looking to other countries to boost its economy.
Modi, who has visited Russia thrice as Gujarat chief minister, had interacted with Putin during those meetings as well as at the BRICS - Brazil, Russia, India, China, South Africa - summit in Fortaleza, Brazil in July and also in Brisbane, Australia, last month.
The bilateral talks are expected to see both leaders strike a rapport that would take the relationship forward.
Energy issues, including nuclear and hydrocarbons, would be on the talks agenda as well as defence, with Indian importing around 60 per cent of its defence requirements from Russia.
Diamonds are going to be a prominent part of talks as Russia is the world's largest exporter of rough stones and India a world leader in the cutting and polishing industry. Both sides would seek ways to directly trade in diamonds.
Putin's visit comes at the time the World Diamond Conference is being held in New Delhi on December 11-12.
The visit would also see both sides iron out issues over their defence cooperation, including on the joint Fifth Generation Fighter Aircraft (FGFA) project and joint development of Multi-role Transport Aircraft (MTA).
A final deal on the fifth generation fighter aircraft for production is yet to be inked.
Both sides are also to discuss the BrahMos mini missile by the Indo-Russian joint venture BrahMos Aerospace.
India is also exporting more food items to Russia following the Western sanctions, said sources.
8

Barack Obamas Republic Day meals will be made in AmericaBarack Obama’s Republic Day meals will be made in America
Pramit Pal Chaudhuri , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 06, 2014
First Published: 00:45 IST(6/12/2014) | Last Updated: 09:50 IST(6/12/2014)
Comments
When US President Barack Obama sits down to a banquet during his January visit to New Delhi, the food on his plate will outwardly look identical to those of the other guests. In reality, it will be an exact copy prepared by a White House steward (chef).
President Barack Obama and Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the Martin Luther King Jr Memorial in Washington. (PTI Photo)
This is standard security practice for US presidents. Ex-secret service bodyguard Joseph Petro recounts in his 2005 memoir how menus for formal dinners would be sent days before to the White House, the ingredients procured, and a carbon copy dish made by stewards just before the meal was served.
But presidents do wander around. Obama enjoys taking his family around Washington for meals -- and has a taste for foreign and exotic cuisines.
In these cases, a special detachment of Secret Service men appear at the restaurant hours before the presidential party arrives, vets the staff, inspects -- if not tastes -- the ingredients, and then keeps a close watch on the cooking process.
Condiments like ketchup and mustard, and of course water, are brought from the White House.
In the tense period after 9/11, Secret Service men were known to wash spotty glasses and dishes -- presumably with biochemical toxin concerns in mind. When Obama came to India in 2010, a team of doctors from JJ Hospital, Mumbai, helped the Secret Service in their food-testing tasks.
Things get especially hairy during huge events like a US inauguration, when a president and his first lady can flit back and forth between a dozen balls and dinners. Inspection teams from the US Federal Drug Administration work with the Secret Service to keep the meals for even the guests secured. In the 2009 swearing-in, over 100,000 meals were supervised.
Petro explained the philosophy, “Nothing edible gets near the president unless we know where it comes from and who has handled it.” Sometimes that can lead to embarrassing moments. In March last year, Obama had to stick to bottled water during a lunch hosted by Republican Congressmen because someone had failed to screen the lobster salad. The lunch, part of a set of talks on a budget compromise, was also a legislative failure.

Hackers threaten Sony staff in new e-mailHackers threaten Sony staff in new e-mail
PTI
Tweet
Los Angeles, Dec 6:  
Sony Pictures staff have received a threatening e-mail claiming to be from the hackers who breached the entertainment giant’s computer network, reportedly with warnings that they and their families were “in danger.”
The e-mail from a group calling itself Guardians of Peace (GOP) also warned that “all hope will leave you and Sony Pictures will collapse,” according to the industry journal Variety.
A Sony Pictures spokesman confirmed to AFP the threatening e-mail that was sent to some staff yesterday, but not the nature of the threat.
“We understand that some of our employees have received an e-mail claiming to be from GOP. We are aware of the situation and are working with law enforcement,” the spokesman said.
Sony Pictures earlier this week confirmed the hack attack, calling it a “brazen” effort that netted a “large amount” of confidential information, including movies, as well as personnel and business files.
It is not clear who GOP are, but Sony Pictures has downplayed a report that North Korea was behind the attack.
The spokesman, Robert Lawson, did not verify the full content of the threatening e-mail, but a transcript published by Variety warned that, “removing Sony Pictures on earth is a very tiny work for our group which is a worldwide organisation.
“What we have done so far is only a small part of our further plan. It’s your false if you think this crisis will be over after some time. All hope will leave you and Sony Pictures will collapse.”
In clearly non-native English it continued: “Many things beyond imagination will happen at many places of the world. Our agents find themselves act in necessary places.
“Please sign your name to object the false of the company at the e-mail address below if you don’t want to suffer damage. If you don’t, not only you but your family will be in danger.”
According to security researchers, the Sony hackers leaked sensitive personal information on some 47,000 individuals, including celebrities.
An analysis by the security firm Identity Finder found full names, social security numbers, birth dates and home addresses, allowing “a clear path for criminals intent on committing identity fraud.”
The researcher found 601 files containing this data including spreadsheets and Word documents. They said more than 15,000 of the social security numbers belonged to current or former Sony employees.
Variety has reported that unreleased Sony movies, including the upcoming Annie, have been made available on illegal file-sharing websites.
The war film Fury, as well as Mr Turner, Still Alice, and To Write Love on Her Arms were also made available.
(This article was published on December 6, 2014)
Related

Federer  Djokovic  Sampras to headline India leg of IPTLFederer, Djokovic, Sampras to headline India leg of IPTL
PTI
New Delhi, December 05, 2014
First Published: 17:35 IST(5/12/2014)
print
Indian tennis courts are set to be dazzled like never before when global icons like Roger Federer and Novak Djokovic touch down to enthrall "full house" crowds during the third leg of the inaugural International Premier Tennis League in Delhi from Saturday.
Besides being a mouthwatering treat for the "fortunate" fans to see the legends in action, the heavy duty line-up in New Delhi has the potential to give a big push to the IPTL, which already has announced its plans to add two more cities to the existing four in 2015.
"There is a lot of buzz around the fact that the likes of Roger, Novak and Sampras will be playing in Delhi. They too are very excited about coming to India. Manila was amazing, Singapore was good too, now I hope the fans welcome players with open arms," IPTL founder Mahesh Bhupathi told PTI last night after the conclusion of the Singapore leg.
The former India player is confidently hoping the third leg will surpass the popularity of Manila and Singapore.
"I do have high hopes. How successful it is we have to wait and watch. I just hope Indian fans take it to next level," said Bhupathi, confirming that Federer will only be available for the India leg of IPTL and won't be travelling to Dubai for the fourth and final round from December 11-13.
Federer, who first visited India in 2006 for a UNICEF program, has already shown enough excitement for his tennis debut in a country where he enjoys a huge following.
The Swiss great may not play on all three days of the competition or not get enough time to explore India but he found an interesting way to engage with his legion of fans.
The record 17-time Grand Slam champion took to Twitter, asking his followers to photoshop him around India and in return he was "entertained" with some "hilarious" suggestions. One follower posted a morphed image of Federer enjoying an autorickshaw ride in the capital.
"It won't be my first time in India, but it'll be my first time to play tennis, and that moment you walk onto the court or into the stadium -- that's why I play tennis," said Federer.
"I'm going to India for that feeling -- playing tennis, showing what I can do, bringing over my personality, sharing the fun and all that with the people, and how are the people going to react. And obviously I'm going to meet a ton of people, get a sense for how it is locally there. It's going to be crazy, but I'm prepared for that," he was quoted as saying by CNN recently.

Day after terror attacks  army chief Dalbir Singh to visit J-KComments
Indian Army chief Dalbir Singh will visit Jammu and Kashmir on Saturday to take stock of the security situation in the state that was hit by terror attacks on Friday claiming the lives of 11 security personnel including a Lt Colonel.
  
Play Pause
Indian Army personnel search for suspected militants as smoke rises from a bunker after a gun battle in Uri on Friday. (Reuters)
Indian defence personnel gather near the scene of a gunfight with suspected rebels on the outskirts of Srinagar. (AFP Photo)
Policemen inspect the site of a gun battle on the outskirts of Srinagar. (AP Photo)
Kashmiri residents look on near the scene of a gunfight between Indian defence personnel and militants on the outskirts of Srinagar. (AFP Photo)
Soldiers take position on a road overlooking an army barrack during a gun battle with militants in Gingal, some 90 kilometers (56 miles) north of Srinagar. (AP Photo)
Indian army soldiers stand near bodies of alleged suspected militants killed in a gun battle in Gingal. (AP Photo)
A Kashmiri child looks out from the window of a residence as Indian paramilitary personnel gather near the scene of a gunfight with militants on the outskirts of Srinagar. (AFP ...
An Indian Army soldier runs for cover near the site of a gun battle in Gingal. (AP Photo)
An army jawan closes the main gate of Mohra Army Camp after an attack near the Line of Control in Uri. (PTI Photo)
Indian soldiers take positions during a gunfight with militants on the outskirts of Srinagar. (AFP Photo)
Indian soldiers look on near the scene of a gunfight with militants on the outskirts of Srinagar. (AFP Photo)
This would be his third visit to militancy-hit state in less than two weeks.
General Singh's visit comes a day after the attacks and gun battles with security forces in Kashmir valley left 21 people dead, including a top commander of Pakistan-based terror outfit LeT and seven militants.
He will be briefed by the army top brass in the Northern Command about Friday's situation as well as security scenario in the state that is in the midst of assembly elections.
In the deadliest attack, heavily-armed militants stormed an army camp in the border town of Uri, killing three policemen and eight army men, including a lieutenant colonel, before the third phase of state elections Tuesday (December 9).
Six militants were also killed in the gun battle that began after the insurgents cut through a wire fence around the heavily-fortified artillery camp and fired rocket-propelled grenades at the security forces in their bunkers. The gunfight lasted close to six hours.
In the other attacks -- all within 12 hours of the Uri strike -- two Lashkar-e-Taiba militants were killed in an encounter in Soura as they tried to sneak into Srinagar while gunmen hurled a grenade at a bus stop in Tral in south Kashmir, killing two civilians and injuring five. Militants also fired at a police search party in Shopian near Srinagar, but there were no casualties.

Tributes paid to Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar on death anniversaryDec 06, 2014 at 10:52am IST
Tributes paid to Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar on death anniversary
5
0
Mumbai: Rich tributes were paid to the architect of Constitution, Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar on his 58th death anniversary, observed as 'Mahaparinirvan Din' by thousands of followers from all over the state who converged at his memorial 'Chaityabhoomi' near Shivaji Park in Dadar.
Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis and Education Minister Vinod Tawde were among the leaders who paid homage to Ambedkar at 'Chaityabhoomi'.
At Mantralaya, the state secretariat, floral tributes were offered to the late leader. At Vidhan Bhawan, Legislature staff paid tributes to Ambedkar.
At Mantralaya, the state secretariat, floral tributes were offered to the late leader.
#dr babasaheb ambedkar #ambedkar death anniversary #devendra fadnavis #maharashtra
The city's public transport wing, BEST undertaking, ran special buses between Dadar and Shivaji Park, an official said, adding that food stalls were also being put up to provide free snacks there.
The BMC has set up temporary sheds, mobile toilets and six medical stalls at Shivaji Park, Dadar Station, at Rajgriha (Ambedkar's residence) and Kurla Terminus.
Arrangements were also made to provide drinking water at Shivaji Park, he said.
17

9 everyday things that lower his sperm count9 Everyday Things That Lower His Sperm Count
By Yahoo Parenting | Yahoo Lifestyle –  Fri 5 Dec, 2014 4:22 PM IST
Photo by Thinkstock
By Michelle Toglia
Remember when we all thought Mountain Dew affected a guy’s sperm count? Luckily, those days are gone … and we’re hoping no one actually used the soda as a form of birth control. But, there still are some very ordinary things that do influence a man’s fertility.
From the unhealthy habits, such as drinking, to the stranger ones, like putting on sunscreen, we’re counting down the things he loves doing that are decreasing his sperm production.
More from YourTango:  What A Big-Bellied Man Can Teach You In The Bedroom
1. Wearing Sunscreen
Lathering up before a day in the sun may actually be protecting him against skin cancer but it’s also potentially impairing his fertility. A brand new study from Longitudinal Investigation of Fertility and the Environment (LIFE) found that chemicals commonly found in sunscreen can impair male fertility by 30 percent.
When the skin absorbs chemicals which filter out UV rays, like BP-2 or 3OH-BP, it can interfere with his hormones. Researchers say men concerned about fertility should wash off sunscreen when they head indoors.
2. Eating Processed Meat
Trying to conceive? He may want to re-think those BLTs he’s been scarfing down every day. A new study found that processed meat, like sausage or bacon, can significantly harm sperm quality.
I know, I know, he’s probably thinking, take my eyes but not the bacon, but the Harvard University researchers found that men who ate half a portion of processed meat a day had 5.5 percent ‘normal’ shaped sperm cells, compared to 7.2 percent who ate less. Instead, they found that fish are possibly the secret to better sperm. Bacon, egg and halibut sandwich, anyone? 
3. Watching TV
Another reason he should hand over that remote? The couch isn’t doing much for his health, as you may have guessed. But, it’s not just his physique and motivation that are at risk as he kicks his feet up on the sofa and inhales a bag of Doritos.
A study from the British Journal of Sports Medicine confirmed that men who watch a lot of TV have fewer sperm than men who exercise moderately or vigorously each week.
Couch potatoes who viewed more than 20 hours of television a week had 44 percent lower sperm count than men who watched almost no television. Time to get moving, fellas.
4. Drinking
Turns out, the beer belly isn’t the only bad side effect from his favorite beverage. Drinking alcohol can lower testosterone levels, which in turn leads to decreased sperm quality and production. Moderation is key with drinking — and hopefully he stops doing it on the couch watching TV, too.
5. Not Having Sex
While we just ruled out some of his favorite activities, he will probably be more apt to help remedy this sperm-zapper.
While some have said “saving sperm” until a woman is most fertile could help couples who are trying to conceive, it actually has no benefit and can make matters worse. For guys with low sperm counts, abstaining from even one day of sex can decrease their production even further, according to researchers at Soroka University Medical Centre in Israel. Abstaining from sex also causes sperm to change in shape, a sign that the sperm is going stale. 
More from YourTango:  5 Major Wife Mistakes I Make (And You Probably Do Too)
6. Stressing
Stress is bad for numerous emotional and physical reasons, but his fertility is at risk too. Whether he’s anxious about work or even having a low sperm count, severe or prolonged stress can interfere with testosterone production. We know some fun stress-busters for you and you guy. Wink, wink.
7. Eating Soy
Whoever thought something as delicious (and addictive) as edamame could be so detrimental to the reproductive system? 
A 2008 Harvard School of Public Health study revealed that even half a serving of soy a day was enough to harm a man’s sperm production. Isoflavones, which are found in soy products actually mimic estrogen. More tofu for you.
8. Using His Laptop & Cell Phone
As addicted as he is to his two favorite pieces of technology, it might be best for his sperm count to avoid using them for long periods of time.
Researchers warn that the heat given off from laptops may increase the temperature in his scrotum and reduce sperm production.
In 2008, a study revealed a strong association between cell phone use and sperm count, saying that those who talked for four or more hours had fewer, weaker sperm.
More recently, researchers discovered that men who carry their phones in their pocket or on their belt (they still do that?) were more likely to have fewer, inactive sperm.
9. Being A Vegetarian
Thought a plant-based diet pretty much made you healthy as a whistle? Us too. Until this study came out saying that a diet rich in fruit and vegetables may harm fertility!
Researchers at Loma Linda University Medical School found that vegetarians and vegans had much lower sperm counts compared with carnivores, 50 million sperm per ml compared with 70 million per ml.
They also had less active sperm. One third of sperm were active for veggies and vegans versus nearly 60 percent for meat eaters. What’s to blame? The guess is vitamin deficiencies and those evil soy replacements we just told you about.

Why militants chose Uri | Kashmir attack; 21 killedWhy militants chose Uri | Kashmir attack; 21 killed
Grandma Trading to consider sub-division of equity sharesDec 06, 2014, 11.48 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Grandma Trading to consider sub-division of equity shares
Grandma Trading & Agencies has informed that a meeting of the board of directors of the company will be held on December 10, 2014 to consider the proposal for alteration of memorandum of association of the company and. sub-division of face value of equity shares of the company and matters concerning there to.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Grandma Trading to consider sub-division of equity shares
Grandma Trading & Agencies has informed that a meeting of the board of directors of the company will be held on December 10, 2014 to consider the proposal for alteration of memorandum of association of the company and. sub-division of face value of equity shares of the company and matters concerning there to.
Post your opinion here
 
Grandma Trading & Agencies Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on December 10, 2014, inter alia, to consider the proposal for:1. Alteration of memorandum of Association of the Company.2. Sub-division of face value of Equity Shares of the Company and matters concerning thereto.Source : BSE

Artech Power s updates on open offerDec 06, 2014, 11.45 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Artech Power's updates on open offer
Mark Corporate Advisors on behalf of Bhadresh Vasantrai Mehta and Parth Bhadresh Mehta has submitted letter of offer for the attention of Artech Power Products, pursuant to Regulation 3(1) and 4 of SEBI (SAST) Regulations 2011.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Artech Power's updates on open offer
Mark Corporate Advisors on behalf of Bhadresh Vasantrai Mehta and Parth Bhadresh Mehta has submitted letter of offer for the attention of Artech Power Products, pursuant to Regulation 3(1) and 4 of SEBI (SAST) Regulations 2011.
Post your opinion here
 
Mark Corporate Advisors Pvt Ltd ("Manager to the Offer") on behalf of Mr. Bhadresh Vasantrai Mehta (“Acquirer 1”) and Mr. Parth Bhadresh Mehta (“Acquirer 2”) (hereinafter collectively referred to as ‘Acquirers’) has submitted this Letter of Offer ("LoF") for the attention of Artech Power Products Limited (“Target Company), pursuant to Regulation 3(1) and 4 of SEBI (SAST) Regulations 2011.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Mumbai needs a CEO to make it global financial centreMumbai needs a CEO to make it global financial centre
600 000 Filipinos flee as Typhoon Haiyan blows nearprint
Fishermen carry thier outrigger to higher ground in Legazpi City, south of Manila, ahead of the landfall of Typhoon Hagupit. (AFP Photo)
More than half a million people in the Philippines have fled from a powerful typhoon in one of the world's biggest peacetime evacuations as the storm churns towards central provinces that still bear the scars of a super typhoon 13 months ago.
Typhoon Hagupit was approaching eastern coasts on Saturday, with its eye 230 km (143 miles) east northeast of Borongan, in Eastern Samar province, the weather bureau PAGASA said.
The storm was downgraded to a notch below super typhoon category but could still unleash huge destruction with torrential rain and potentially disastrous storm surges of up to 4.5 metres (15 feet).
With winds of up to 195 kph (121 mph) near the centre and gusts of up to 215 kph (133 mph), the storm was moving slowly at 10 kph (6 mph) and was expected to hit Eastern or Northern Samar province early on Sunday.
More than 616,000 residents of low-lying villages and landslide-prone areas have fled to schools, civic centres, town halls, gyms and churches, the national disaster agency said.
"We call on residents to voluntarily evacuate because the forecast is there will be a storm surge," Sofronio Dacillo, head of the disaster agency in the island province of Biliran in the central Philippines, said on national radio.
Residents of Eastern Samar said rain was falling and their power was fluctuating on Saturday morning.
Hundreds of residents take shelter inside the provincial capitol of Surigao city. (AP Photo)
The United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction in Geneva said 200,000 people had been evacuated in the central island province of Cebu alone.
"Typhoon Hagupit is triggering one of the largest evacuations we have ever seen in peacetime," said spokesman Denis McClean.
Philippine Airlines and Cebu Pacific cancelled nearly 100 flights to central and southern Philippines on Saturday.
The eastern islands of Samur and Leyte, worst-hit by 250 kph (155 mph) winds and storm surges brought by Typhoon Haiyan in November last year, could be in the firing line again.
"I am afraid and scared," said Teresita Aban, a 58-year-old housewife from Sta. Rita, in Samar province, wiping away tears and trembling as she spoke. "We're prepared but still fearful, we haven't finished repairing our house, it still has tarpaulin patches and here comes another storm."
Haiyan, one of the strongest typhoons ever to make landfall left more than 7,000 dead or missing and more than 4 million homeless or with damaged houses.
About 25,000 people in Eastern Samar and Leyte still live in tents, shelters and bunkhouses more than a year after Haiyan.
About 10 million residents of the Bicol and Eastern Visayas regions of the central Philippines are at risk of flooding, storm surges and strong winds as Hagupit hits land.
AccuWeather Global Weather Center said more than 30 million people would feel the impact of the typhoon across the Philippines.
The weather bureau said 47 provinces were at risk of strong wind and rains.

Mikes of opposition members turned off deliberately in Lok Sabha  alleges CongressDec 06, 2014 at  01:56pm IST
Mics of opposition members turned off deliberately in Lok Sabha, alleges Congress
21
0
New Delhi: The government and opposition parties were at loggerheads in Parliament this week over the controversial statement by Minister of State Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti and the persistent demand for her resignation.
The war of words escalated between the two sides with Congress Lok Sabha MP Mallikarjun Kharge alleging that the microphones of the opposition members were being switched off deliberately. He said the government was conspiring to silence the opposition.
"When we try to put forth the issues before the House, the mic turns off. This shows that there is little time to know our view. I don't wish to talk much about it, there could be mechanical defect," Kharge said.
Kharge also alleged that Lok Sabha Speaker Sumitra Mahajan was acting in a biased manner.
#parliament #winter session #lok sabha #government
He also alleged that Lok Sabha Speaker Sumitra Mahajan was acting in a biased manner. "We said that you (Speaker) cannot come under the pressure of the government," he said.
However, Union Minister Rajiv Pratap Rudy denied that the microphones were being switched off in the House, saying the charges were "improper and impolite".
"She (Speaker) cares equally for all the members in the House. This allegation is improper rather impolite," Rudy said.
Reiterating the government's stand that Jyoti would continue as a minister in the Union Cabinet, he said that the matter should be put to rest.
(With additional information from PTI)
6

Workers rescued from collapsed tunnel in ChinaWorkers rescued from collapsed tunnel in China
Indians top list of new migrants in Australia: ReportAustralia
(About 123,400 applied to…)
MELBOURNE: Indians have topped the list of new migrants in Australia with over 40,000 applying to migrate during 2012-13, according to a new report.
The statistics from the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development show there has been 46.6 per cent increase in the number of people becoming Australian citizens.
About 123,400 applied to become Australian citizens in 2012-13, the highest number since 2011-12, the International Migration Outlook report said.
Australia's Migration Programme has also seen a significant increase, with 40,100 India citizens applying to migrate during 2012-13, while China had 27,300 applications and the UK had 21,700, the Melbourne Age reported.
"There is a growing trend of Indian and Chinese citizens seeking citizenship in Australia for greater global movement," migration Law expert Sharon Harris said.
"India and China is without any doubt the most prolific source countries for pursuing visas and ultimately citizenship," she said
With an Australia passport, this opens up greater travel access globally.
Harris further said that the change in governments was particularly popular with Chinese citizens, who were attracted to the Abbott government.
"With the change of government they have more confidence in a stable political environment," Harris said.
The report further disclosed that 62,700 people whose temporary visas had expired or had been cancelled were living illegally in Australia.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Forex reserves up $1.43bn for week ended Nov 28Forex reserves up $1.43bn for week ended Nov 28
Barack  Michelle Obama s  first date  set to be turned into movie  Southside with youBarack  Michelle Obama s  first date  set to be turned into movie  Southside with you
Eric Garner protesters in US storm streets and stores against police violenceEric Garner protesters in US storm streets and stores against police violence
When pcl goes down as happened recently near about 2 try to add more a...Platinum Member
103 Followers
When PCL goes down as happened recently near about 2,try to add more according to Ur pocket to bring down to Ur average price .Once Ur purchase price is averaged below2.5 ,when price goes above 3 take profit partially and repeat this strategy .A day will come that Ur entire holding will become free shares.
In reply to : 10000_follower message
1.58 PM Dec 6th

Why did you lose money because of me regarding your loss of 80k  wha...Silver Member
114 Followers
Why? Did you lose money because of me? Regarding your loss of 80K, what was your buy and sell price? How long did you hold it?
In reply to : ashmaxim message
1.58 PM Dec 6th

Arvind crossed the resistance of 297 and went above 300 mark but the f...Gold Member
6 Followers
arvind crossed the resistance of 297 and went above 300 mark but the friday late afternoon profit booking brought it down below 297...take position above 297 for a target above 307...
1.56 PM Dec 6th  | Track

Just ignore whatsup .he has the same thing to say-promoters have sold....Silver Member
37 Followers
Finally Mr. What`supji is here. Unsurprisingly evan after such a long hibernation his love for Page is intact. Anyway talking about the `great logic` of what got doubled and quadrupled, I know a company which got thirty times in last one year. Why only me anyone can find many ten baggers looking at the rear mirror. But I did not have courage to buy those ten baggers yesterday and I would still be away from them today.
Knowing what you are buying (business, promoters, competition, financials etc.)is one of the most fundamental things for me. It has worked so far and I am confident that it would work in future. If I would really like to gamble then why do that in stock market; go to Pride or Royale in Goa or even better to Vegas. Make thirty five times in one shot or get busted; play roulette.

Can Nifty overshadow Bank Nifty in December....can nifty overshadow bank nifty in december....
Nifty likely to consolidate at current levels: Sukhani04 December 2014
Thursday
Life time new highs again! for Nifty; overall markets remain choppy with Nifty likely to consolidate at current levels; stay long with stop under 8490 in the Nifty, 18300 in the Bank Nifty.
Bank Nifty continues its narrow and choppy trading. Today is the 4rth day. This suggests that we may see a big move in coming days. CNX IT continues its down move. The sector is in a correction. Buying opportunity will emerge when this correction gets over.
We have COPPER in METAL SECTION. Trend is down in this instrument. We will discuss the support and resistance level for this instrument. We have AUTOMOBILE in Sector Focus. Trend is up in this sector. We will discuss the current scenario of AUTO Stocks. Stock in focus includes BAJAJ AUTO, CAN BANK, DABUR and HDFC BANK. For each of these stocks, we analyses their technical picture; identify trades with stop loss and targets. At the end we will discuss JPYINR in Currency Tracker Section.
You are not a registered subscriber of Game Changers. To read the full report  
We believe that market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis
and it provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or
experienced, to make money. The trick is timely and reliable guidance. All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
Our Vision
To be able to identify and share concrete and consistent trading & investing opportunities in Financial Markets based on Solid Research & Reliable self-developed systems.
Our Belief
Market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis.
Market provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or experienced, to make money.
The trick is timely and reliable guidance.All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
The newsletter contains the market wisdom of Sudarshan Sukhani, India’s renowned and admired technical analyst.
It includes detailed stock, market analysis & recommendations.
We rely exclusively on Technical Analysis for our actual trading decisions.
Our Backbone: Charting software
It is critical to have the right charting software to take the right trades. We use the ‘Trend Analyzer’, a professional charting and analysis software that comes with state-of-the-art tools. It helps determine:
Trend, Momentum, Buy, Sell, Stop loss, Target points for stocks, futures, commodities, and NSE Currency trading.
Recognize consistent opportunities in:
Equities, Futures, Options, Metals, Currencies
“The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind.”
-Khalil Gibran
Chairman and Managing Director
s2analytics.com
Sudarshan Sukhani is one of India’s best known technical analysts. He is a Certified Financial Technician, a recognition given by the International Federation of Technical Analysts, USA and is also the President of The Association of Technical Analysts (ATA) of India.
He is a constant presence as a  market analyst  on moneycontrol.com, CNBC-TV18 and other prominent platforms . He is a qualified chartist and has conducted over fifty seminars on technical analysis. He is also the author of “Trading the Markets”, a top-selling book on actionable stock trading ideas.   A full time stock trader since 1993, Mr Sukhani’s research includes hundreds of books,courses& trading methods. In 1996, he was one of the first users of automated technical analysis in India, and continues to follow the path of systematic trading.
To get access to mailers on a real time basis on you mobile, log on to http://m.moneycontrol.com/gamechangers/
If you are not 100% satisfied with Sudarshan Sukhani, simply notify us within 7 days and the full subscription amount will be refunded. Even later if you change your mind, you will receive a pro-rated refund  for the remainder of your subscription term.
Mailer tariff

Nifty likely to consolidate at current levels04 December 2014
Thursday
Life time new highs again! for Nifty; overall markets remain choppy with Nifty likely to consolidate at current levels; stay long with stop under 8490 in the Nifty, 18300 in the Bank Nifty.
Bank Nifty continues its narrow and choppy trading. Today is the 4rth day. This suggests that we may see a big move in coming days. CNX IT continues its down move. The sector is in a correction. Buying opportunity will emerge when this correction gets over.
We have COPPER in METAL SECTION. Trend is down in this instrument. We will discuss the support and resistance level for this instrument. We have AUTOMOBILE in Sector Focus. Trend is up in this sector. We will discuss the current scenario of AUTO Stocks. Stock in focus includes BAJAJ AUTO, CAN BANK, DABUR and HDFC BANK. For each of these stocks, we analyses their technical picture; identify trades with stop loss and targets. At the end we will discuss JPYINR in Currency Tracker Section.
You are not a registered subscriber of Game Changers. To read the full report  
We believe that market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis
and it provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or
experienced, to make money. The trick is timely and reliable guidance. All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
Our Vision
To be able to identify and share concrete and consistent trading & investing opportunities in Financial Markets based on Solid Research & Reliable self-developed systems.
Our Belief
Market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis.
Market provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or experienced, to make money.
The trick is timely and reliable guidance.All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
The newsletter contains the market wisdom of Sudarshan Sukhani, India’s renowned and admired technical analyst.
It includes detailed stock, market analysis & recommendations.
We rely exclusively on Technical Analysis for our actual trading decisions.
Our Backbone: Charting software
It is critical to have the right charting software to take the right trades. We use the ‘Trend Analyzer’, a professional charting and analysis software that comes with state-of-the-art tools. It helps determine:
Trend, Momentum, Buy, Sell, Stop loss, Target points for stocks, futures, commodities, and NSE Currency trading.
Recognize consistent opportunities in:
Equities, Futures, Options, Metals, Currencies
“The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind.”
-Khalil Gibran
Chairman and Managing Director
s2analytics.com
Sudarshan Sukhani is one of India’s best known technical analysts. He is a Certified Financial Technician, a recognition given by the International Federation of Technical Analysts, USA and is also the President of The Association of Technical Analysts (ATA) of India.
He is a constant presence as a  market analyst  on moneycontrol.com, CNBC-TV18 and other prominent platforms . He is a qualified chartist and has conducted over fifty seminars on technical analysis. He is also the author of “Trading the Markets”, a top-selling book on actionable stock trading ideas.   A full time stock trader since 1993, Mr Sukhani’s research includes hundreds of books,courses& trading methods. In 1996, he was one of the first users of automated technical analysis in India, and continues to follow the path of systematic trading.
To get access to mailers on a real time basis on you mobile, log on to http://m.moneycontrol.com/gamechangers/
If you are not 100% satisfied with Sudarshan Sukhani, simply notify us within 7 days and the full subscription amount will be refunded. Even later if you change your mind, you will receive a pro-rated refund  for the remainder of your subscription term.
Mailer tariff

OnePlus launches OnePlus One Smartphone in IndiaDec 05, 2014, 10.05 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
OnePlus launches OnePlus One Smartphone in India
Several Chinese handset makers like Xiaomi, Oppo and Gionee have been bullish on the multi-billion dollar opportunity in the Indian Smartphone segment and now you can add another name to this list. With a presence in 17 countries OnePlus recently launched its Smartphone OnePlus One in India.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
OnePlus launches OnePlus One Smartphone in India
Several Chinese handset makers like Xiaomi, Oppo and Gionee have been bullish on the multi-billion dollar opportunity in the Indian Smartphone segment and now you can add another name to this list. With a presence in 17 countries OnePlus recently launched its Smartphone OnePlus One in India.
Post your opinion here

Govt to set up expert panel for Air India revival planGovt to set up expert panel for Air India revival plan
Sharmistha Mukherjee & Aneesh Phadnis | New Delhi/Mumbai Dec 06, 2014 12:23 AM IST
By the end of this month, the government will constitute an expert committee, comprising senior personnel with experience in the aviation industry, to set a road map for the cash-strapped public-sector carrier, Air India.
The committee of four or five experts will be asked to give by March-April a report outlining measures to help the carrier realise its full potential.
Separately, Air India is seeking a mid-term review of its turnaround plan, after several of the initial estimates regarding fuel price, exchange rate and market growth turned out to be wrong.
“We are examining options of inducting former civil aviation secretaries and former Air India chairmen-cum-managing directors in the committee. Former Air India managing director Michael Mascarenhas would be a good person to have on board,” said a senior civil aviation ministry official.
Veterans with extensive knowledge of the transport infrastructure sector, such as former Delhi Metro Rail Corporation chairman E Sreedharan, could also be approached. However, the priority is inducting professionals from civil aviation background.
The panel is being constituted according to objectives outlined in the draft civil aviation policy, unveiled by minister Pusapati Ashok Gajapati Raju last month. While privatisation of Air India will not take place immediately, the minister had said he did not rule out the option for the state carrier in future.
“An expert committee would be set up soon to develop a road map for Air India. All these suggestions have emerged. We don’t want to open a Pandora’s Box. We will have to take a conscious decision, as it is a delicate matter,” Raju had said.
Raju and Minister of State for Civil Aviation Mahesh Sharma are set to meet Air India Chairman & Managing Director Rohit Nandan on Saturday to review the airline's financial and operational performance.
In 2012, the central government had approved a financial restructuring and turnaround plan for the carrier, promising equity support, loan guarantees and cash infusion. The equity infusion was to take place if Air India showed improvement in its performance.
The airline has improved occupancy, yields, punctuality and fleet utilisation and cut down on loss-making routes, but it has slipped on financial parameters.
Air India's losses widened to Rs 5,389 crore in 2013-14, primarily due to high operational costs. It also missed the target of Rs 1,040 crore in operational profit. The net loss was Rs 5,100 crore in 2012-13 and Rs 7,100 crore in 2011-12.
The September quarter of 2013-14 was the worst for the airline; it missed its revenue target by Rs 700 crore because of lower passenger load and a local fare war, said sources. Air India, however, hit the 2013-14 revenue target of Rs 19,300 crore.
"The turnaround plan was finalised on certain assumptions regarding global crude oil prices and the exchange rate. While the crude oil price is falling now and is obviously beneficial to us, it crossed $110 a barrel last year and impacted the airline. Similarly, market and demand growth have not been to expectation. The government needs to conduct a mid-term review of the turnaround plan," said an Air India source.
"Intensifying competition and the government's move to give traffic rights to Gulf carriers have impacted us more," the source added.
On asset monetisation, too, Air India's assumptions were wrong. The airline had factored in Rs 1,200 crore in asset monetisation last year but was unable to conclude land deals.

Bengaluru clubs stare at dry days in festive...40 Bengaluru clubs stare at dry days in festive season after security guard’s tiff with IPS officer
ET Bureau Dec 6, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
(Excise Department officials…)
By Bharath Joshi & Athira A Nair
BENGALURU: A security guard's sense of duty could just be the reason why Bengaluru's elite clubs may have to shut down their bars during the upcoming Christmas and New Year season. A scrap last month between Ashik Uddin Lasker, a guard at the tony Bangalore Club, and some constables accompanying a senior police official has set off a series of events that has resulted in the club's bar being shut down and now threatens to inflict the same fate on many more watering holes for the city's elite. And that too with less than a month to go for the festive season, a time when these clubs rake in a bulk of their revenues.
Some 40 clubs in Bengaluru are in the dock for various irregularities, including in the serving of liquor, as part of the state Excise Department's crackdown on them following an earlier raid on the Bangalore Club, a 146-yearold institution that counts the city's who's who among its patrons.
If what has befallen Bangalore Club is any indication, many of the clubs too face the same fate. Excise Department officials have found violations in 40 clubs, officials say, adding that notices had been issued or would soon be sent. The department has been asked by Bengaluru Urban Deputy Commissioner V Shankar, who is the licensing authority for them, to submit detailed reports about each club's violation.
Excise officials, however, maintain these are "routine inspections" and that not all violations pertain to serving of liquor. "Liquor is not the only violation that clubs are booked for. Breach of licence conditions include improper maintenance of accounts and non-submission of statements to the department," said an official on the condition of anonymity.
Bangalore club in eye of storm
ISN Prasad, principal secretary (finance) in the state government, told ET that the licensing conditions would be implemented to the letter. Various clubs ET contacted said the notices had not reached them. PA Shetty, president of the Koramangala Club, which is yet to get a notice, said the government should sanction licence to serve liquor at least from 2-3 counters in each club. "It is very inconvenient for bartenders and waiters to carry alcohol across clubs and customers complain about delay in service as well," Shetty said.
Earlier this week, the Bangalore Club — where the waiting period to become a member is 30 years — had its liquor licence suspended after it was found that multiple counters were serving liquor to its patrons, in an apparent violation of its CL-4 liquor licence.The club's misfortunes began after its security guard Lasker got into a tiff with a senior IPS officer and a club member. Lasker is said to have stopped senior IPS officer RP Sharma's car and demanded to see his membership card. That was on November 5. Sharma, who is an additional DGP of railways, apparently refused to show his card, and according to club officials constables accompanying him manhandled the guard following which the club suspended his civil service membership for a month. Sharma denies this account of events.On November 21, the state Excise Department raided the club.
The Revenue Department — the authority for liquor licences — followed it up with a show-cause notice asking why the club's bar should not be shut. A 15-day period was given to reply to the notice. Within the next week, two more government agencies raided the club. The Bruhat Bengaluru Mahanagara Palike issued notices for running commercial establishments without permission while the Karnataka State Pollution Control Board cautioned the club against playing loud music at late hours.
And even as the club's management was shocked into a silence, the Excise Department closed down Bangalore Club's bar, well before the show-cause notice period ended. All these actions, some club members feel, is a direct result of its standoff with the civil servant and represents bureaucracy coming together to avenge the slight felt by one of its own.However, Sharma denies that the Excise Department's action against the Bangalore Club is any way connected with the tiff or the suspension of his club membership. "It is a stupid argument. As a member, I raised questions about the club's liquor policy in a letter to the secretary on October 25 itself, much before they suspended me. It is a pity that the club is engaged in such violations," he told ET earlier this week.
The government agencies breathing down on the club also insist the serial raids were a coincidence, but others disagree."I tend to agree with those who say there is a connection, simply because it has happened before. In the late 70s, a 'big officer' was denied membership. Following this, a part of the club's land was slated to be acquired.
We have seen often how people with no-so-good-a-history trying to become members using influence," said former Supreme Court judge Santosh N Hegde .As for Lasker, the guard at the centre of the dispute, it is learnt that many members of Bangalore Club want to felicitate him for his sense of duty. Only that he has gone underground.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Best photographs from around the world of 2014picture  others
Best photographs from around the world of 2014
February 2, 2014: (File)  Fatima, 13, weeps as she kisses her injured father, Ahmad al-Messmar, 40, who was wounded when a deadly car bomb blew up near a gas station, in the predominately Shiite town of Hermel, about 10 miles (16 kilometers) from the Syrian border in northeast Lebanon, Sunday, Feb. 2, 2014. A shadowy Lebanese Sunni extremist group claimed responsibility for a suicide car bombing in Hermel, a stronghold of Lebanon's militant Hezbollah group, that killed several people in the latest attack linked to the war in neighboring Syria. (Source: AP)
February 18, 2014: (File)  An anti-government protester is engulfed in flames during clashes with riot police outside Ukraine's parliament in Kiev, Ukraine, Tuesday, Feb. 18, 2014.  (Source: AP)
March 25, 2014: (File)  U.S. first lady Michelle Obama practices tai chi with students at Chengdu No.7 High School in Chengdu in southwest China's Sichuan province Tuesday, March 25, 2014. (Source: AP)
April 2, 2014: (File)  Medal of Honor recipient Sgt. 1st Class Leroy Petry stands with his prosthetic hand over his heart, wearing his Medal of Honor during the "Pledge of Allegiance" at the Capitol in Olympia, Wash. on Wednesday, April 2, 2014, during a ceremony to honor him and other recipients of the Medal of Honor from Washington state. Petry lost his hand in 2008 when an enemy grenade he was throwing away from fellow soldiers detonated while in combat in Afghanistan. (Source: AP)
April 6, 2014: (File)  Visitors of the Holi Festival of Colours throw special colored powders in the air in Barcelona, Spain, Sunday, April 6, 2014. The festival is fashioned after the Hindu spring festival Holi, which is mainly celebrated in the north and east of India. (Source: AP)
May 15, 2014: (File)  A Palestinian man shouts for help moments after Palestinian teen, Mohammad Abu Daher, on the ground, was shot to death by Israeli troops near the West Bank city of Ramallah, Thursday, May 15, 2014. Medical officials say Israeli troops shot dead two Palestinian teens in a West Bank clash that erupted after Palestinians marked the anniversary of their uprooting in the war over Israel's 1948 creation. (Source: AP)
June 5, 2014: (File)  Former first lady Nancy Reagan visits the grave site of her husband, President Ronald Reagan, at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library, Thursday, June 5, 2014, in Simi Valley, Calif. (Source: AP)
July 29, 2014: (File)  Smoke and fire from the explosion of an Israeli strike rise over Gaza City,  Tuesday, July 29, 2014. Israel escalated its military campaign against Hamas striking symbols of the group's control in Gaza and firing tank shells that shut down the strip's only power plant in the heaviest bombardment in the fighting so far. (Source: AP)
Aug. 19, 2014: (File)  This undated image shows a frame from a video released by Islamic State militants Tuesday, Aug. 19, 2014, that purports to show the killing of journalist James Foley by the militant group. Foley, from Rochester, N.H., went missing in 2012 in northern Syria while on assignment for Agence France-Press and the Boston-based media company GlobalPost. (Source: AP)
Aug. 24, 2014: (File)  Zoe Mahan, center, pushes the trophy as her mother Kandi  Mahan, left, grabs her while they pose with Hunter Mahan, husband,  father and winner of The Barclays golf tournament Sunday, Aug. 24, 2014, in Paramus, N.J. (Source: AP)
Sept. 30, 2014: (File)  Nine-year-old Nowa Paye is taken to an ambulance after showing signs of the Ebola infection in the village of Freeman Reserve, about 30 miles north of Monrovia, Liberia,Tuesday Sept. 30, 2014. (Source: AP)
Oct. 2, 2014: (File)  In this Thursday Oct. 2, 2014 photo, Mercy Kennedy, 9, cries as community activists approach her outside her home on 72nd SKD Boulevard in Monrovia, Liberia, a day after her mother was taken away by an ambulance to an Ebola ward. Neighbors wailed upon learning that Mercy's mother had died; she was among the cluster of cases that includes Thomas Eric Duncan, a Liberian man who dies from the disease in Texas. Little Mercy walked around in a daze in a torn nightgown and flip-flops, pulling up the fabric to wipe her tears as a group of workers from the neighborhood task force followed the sound of wailing through the thick grove of banana trees and corn plants. (Source: AP)
Oct. 5, 2014: (File)  Members of the Castellers Joves Xiquets de Valls try to complete their human tower during the 25th Human Tower Competition in Tarragona, Spain, on Sunday, Oct. 5, 2014. The tradition of building human towers, or castells, dates back to the 18th century and takes place during festivals in Catalonia, where colles, or teams, compete to build the tallest and most complicated towers. The structure of the castells varies depending on their complexity. A castell is considered completely successful when it is loaded and unloaded without falling apart. The highest castell in history was a 10 floor structure with 3 people in each floor. In 2010 castells were declared by UNESCO one of the Masterpieces of the Oral and Intangible Heritage of Humanity. (Source: AP)
Oct. 20, 2014: (File)  Thick smoke and flames from an airstrike by the U.S.-led coalition rise in Kobani, Syria, as seen from a hilltop on the outskirts of Suruc, at the Turkey-Syria border, Monday, Oct. 20, 2014. Kobani, also known as Ayn Arab, and its surrounding areas, has been under assault by extremists of the Islamic State group since mid-September and is being defended by Kurdish fighters. (Source: AP)
Oct. 21, 2014: (File)  Malala Yousafzai holds up her Liberty Medal during a ceremony at the National Constitution Center, Tuesday, Oct. 21, 2014, in Philadelphia. The honor is given annually to an individual who displays courage and conviction while striving to secure liberty for people worldwide. (Source: AP)
Nov. 25, 2014: (File)  In this Tuesday, Nov. 25, 2014 photo provided by Johnny Nguyen, Portland police Sgt. Bret Barnum, left, and Devonte Hart, 12, hug at a rally in Portland, Ore., where people had gathered in support of the protests in Ferguson, Mo. (Source: AP)
November 30, 2014: (File)  An image of 18-year-old Michael Brown is seen on the tie of his father Michael Brown Sr. as he attends Sunday service under a makeshift tent next to the destroyed Flood Christian Church in Ferguson, Missouri November 30, 2014. (Source: Reuters)
December 3, 2014: (File)  Australian cricketer Sean Abbott walks with the funeral procession for Australian cricketer Phillip Hughes in Macksville, December 3, 2014. Abbott was the bowler who delivered the ball which struck Hughes during a first class cricket match on Nov. 25. The funeral of Hughes began to the strains of a song entitled "Forever Young" in his home town as a nation united to celebrate the life of a sportsman cut down in his prime. Eight days after Hughes was struck by a ball in the back of the head and six after he died of the catastrophic injuries that resulted, his family, friends and a host of cricketing greats gathered at Macksville High School to bid farewell to him. (Source: Reuters)
Dec. 3, 2014: (File)  Macksville : Australian cricket captain Michael Clarke pays his respect to Phillip Hughes at his coffin during his funeral in Macksville, Australia, Wednesday, Dec. 3, 2014. Hughes died last Thursday, two days after he was hit in the head during a domestic cricket match. (Source: AP)
December 3, 2014: (File)  Australian cricket team captain Michael Clarke pauses as he speaks in front of he Baggy Green and other state representative caps belonging to Australian cricketer Phillip Hughes during his funeral service in the town of Macksville, located north of Sydney December 3, 2014. The funeral of Australian test cricketer Phillip Hughes began to the strains of a song entitled "Forever Young" in his home town on Wednesday as a nation united to celebrate the life of a sportsman cut down in his prime. Eight days after Hughes was struck by a ball in the back of the head and six after he died of the catastrophic injuries that resulted, his family, friends and a host of cricketing greats gathered at Macksville High School to bid farewell to him. (Source: Reuters)
December 3, 2014: (File)  The Baggy Green and other state representative caps belonging to Australian cricketer Phillip Hughes hang near his casket before the start of his funeral service in the town of Macksville, located north of Sydney, December 3, 2014. The funeral of Australian test cricketer Phillip Hughes began to the strains of a song entitled "Forever Young" in his home town on Wednesday as a nation united to celebrate the life of a sportsman cut down in his prime. Eight days after Hughes was struck by a ball in the back of the head and six after he died of the catastrophic injuries that resulted, his family, friends and a host of cricketing greats gathered at Macksville High School to bid farewell to him. (Source: Reuters)
Related

Some disinvestment this: PSUs buy over half of SAIL offer  LIC tops list of investorsBiz leaders in manufacturing sector optimistic about next  year: Survey
State-owned financial institutions subscribed to more than half of the shares of steel major SAIL that were off-loaded by the Centre on Friday in its first divestment offer for the current financial year.
In all, the Centre raised around Rs 1,725 crore by selling 20.65 crore shares, representing 5 per cent of SAIL’s equity, at an indicative price of approximately Rs 83.5 per share.
A source close to the development told The Indian Express that of the total amount raised by the government in the SAIL issue, almost 55 per cent was invested by five leading financial institutions primarily led by Life Insurance Corporation that invested around Rs 700 crore. LIC alone subscribed to 40 per cent of the total shares on offer. The issue saw a subscription of 207 per cent.
Click here for graph
Another source also confirmed that LIC has invested around Rs 700 crore but added, “The allocation to LIC may be slightly lower than that as some bids were at a lower price.”
LIC’s MD V K Sharma confirmed the state owned insurer’s participation in the Sail OFS without elaborating further. Another MD, S B Mainak, who is in charge of LIC’s investments, refused to take any question.
A look into the last five major disinvestments done by the government shows that in two of them — Hindustan Copper (July 2013) and SAIL (March 2013) — state-owned financial institutions had subscribed to more than 50 per cent of the shares on offer and LIC was the major subscriber.
It is also learnt that State Bank of India and General Insurance Corporation invested around Rs 150 crore and Rs 50 crore respectively. Other government-owned financial institutions to participate were United India Assurance and Oriental Insurance.
Among domestic private sector players, ICICI Bank is learnt to have purchased shares amounting to close to Rs 100 crore. The FII participation in the issue was, however, limited. Global hedge fund players such as Seganti Capital (investment of close to Rs 100 crore) and Geosphere Capital (investment of around Rs 30 crore) were among the major players. Vanguard is also learnt to have participated with share purchase of over Rs 30 crore.
“While the issue has been subscribed, it lacks participation from major marquee global investors,” said a source while highlighting the overall weak interest in state-owned companies.
SAIL is only first among the list of companies where the government is looking to divest a part of its holding to raise funds to meet its revenue target for the year. The next in line are Coal India Limited, Power Finance Corporation, ONGC and NHPC. The Centre has set a target to raise Rs 43,425 crore from disinvestment in the current fiscal, which is crucial to fund the fiscal deficit target of 4.1 per cent of the GDP.
With weak investor appetite for these stocks, market experts feel that the government-owned financial institutions will play a major role in the divestment process this year too.
PSU stocks have lagged in performance even in a bull market that saw the Sensex rise by over 15 per cent since Narendra Modi led government assumed power on May 26.
While the broader markets rallied, the public sector index comprising 59 listed state-owned companies saw a 2.2 per cent decline in its value in the same period. This is as opposed to several other sectoral indices that have jumped anywhere between 10 and 50 per cent in the last six months. Market experts attribute the weak performance of PSU index to no visible management reforms in these enterprises contrary to the initial expectations. In fact, as many as 17 PSUs are without a chairman including the likes of CIL, PFC and NHPC.
A leading market expert said that the challenge is to turnaround the management, get them out of bureaucratic hands and make them professional.
TAGS: SAIL
More from economy
Tamil Nadu govt floats tenders for 11 lakh laptops The Tamil Nadu government has floated tenders for issuing about 11 lakh computers to students under the free laptop...

How Kareena changed after marriageBigg Boss 8
Top 10 Post-Marriage Looks of Kareena Kapoor Khan
Undoubtedly, Kareena Kapoor Khan, is the epitome of style and grace, especially in the eyes of all brides-to-be (remember Alia Bhatt’s desire to get married only in Kareena Kapoor wala lehenga in Humpty Sharma ki Dulhaniya?). She dumped the size zero logic long ago, and now embraces her curvaceous body with great elegance. She is an inspiration for many because of her choice of outfits, styling, and the confidence, with which she finishes off every single look. As we have seen her in different avatars at various occasions, it is evident that she loves both Indian and western wear equally.
So while she may be "choosy" with her choice in films, and it may be a while before we see her on the big screen again, she continues to wow us with her red carpet appearences.

New job search app takes a leaf out of Tinder  mixes it withLinkedInWritten by Nandagopal Rajan |
Posted: December 6, 2014 10:42 am
The success of blind dating app Tinder seems to be spawning more swipe through app ideas. The latest to have caught our eye is “job and job seeker discovery application” nspHire. Incidentally, the app has been developed by a Kochi-based firm though it belongs to a Chicago-based startup.
In an email interaction, CEO Dan Mullaney said the idea of “Tinder-esque app for job search” came about when he was working on his earlier MBA Project Search startup. “We sourced thousands of MBA candidates for recruiters and employers. But the process was extremely time-consuming. Part of the process that slowed us down significantly was the simple task of resume scanning: opening a resume, looking at the high-level criteria, and making a decision to take a finer look or to move on. Then, if you decided a candidate was a good fit, you’d have to reach out to that person, trade e-mails back and forth, make phone calls, possibly only to realise that there was something you missed, and perhaps that candidate wasn’t the right fit at all. We were good at what we did, but the process could be time consuming and demoralizing,” he said.
Learning from this, the nspHire app uses the LinkedIn API to allow candidates to quickly create a profile page with work history, education and skills while employers get to post jobs. Both employers and job seekers use left swipes to pass or right swipes to indicate interest.  If both candidate and employer swipe each other right, they’re a mutual match and can chat in app.  “The app is totally free for job seekers.  Employers can post for free, search resumes listings for free, and swipe resumes listings for free.  We charge employers $.99 to unlock the chat window to message with a mutual match,” says Mullaney.
Mullaney had worked with the Kochi developer for one of his earlier ventures called HiredMD. “In fact, I didn’t consider anyone else.  And, my experience with them on nspHire was very much the same.  They helped evolve the idea, added valuable input from design to build-out,” he says adding that the project was completeed in about six months.   I trust that these guys will deliver on anything that they promise and, in deed, do more than expected.  Total development time was roughly 6 months.  And, as far as selection on first project, we decided to go with them based on trust developed during several conversations and the subsequent thorough project plan.  I was very impressed with their emphasis on project management and attention to detail as evidenced by their proposal and project scope.
The nspHire app, which is now available for iOS and Android, has privacy settings to allow for anonymous searching and job seekers can hide picture, name and other details. Employers have similar, but slightly different privacy features.  “We launched the iOS version in NOvember and we are starting to on-board continued…

Govt appoints Dinesh Kumar as CEO of Polavaram ProjectGovt appoints Dinesh Kumar as CEO of Polavaram Project
PTI
New Delhi, Dec 6:  
Senior IAS officer Dinesh Kumar was today appointed as Chief Executive Officer of the Polavaram Project Authority.
Kumar, a 1983 batch IAS officer of the Andhra Pradesh cadre, is currently working as Development Commissioner in the Ministry of Textiles.
He has been appointed as Chief Executive Officer of the Polavaram Project Authority under the Ministry of Water Resources, River Development and Ganga Rejuvenation, in the rank and pay of Additional Secretary, for a tenure of three years, an order issued by the Department of Personnel and Training said.
(This article was published on December 6, 2014)
Related

Tributes paid to Ambedkar on death anniversaryNobel laureate Malala Yousafzai 'heartbroken' by Pak school attack
Rich tributes were today paid to the architect of Constitution, Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar on his 58th death anniversary, observed as ‘Mahaparinirvan Din’ by thousands of followers from all over the state who converged at his memorial ‘Chaityabhoomi’ near Shivaji Park in Dadar.
Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis and education minister Vinod Tawde were among the leaders who paid homage to Ambedkar at ‘Chaityabhoomi’.
At Mantralaya, the state secretariat, floral tributes were offered to the late leader. At Vidhan Bhawan, Legislature staff paid tributes to Ambedkar.
The city’s public transport wing, BEST undertaking, ran special buses between Dadar and Shivaji Park, an official said, adding that food stalls were also being put up to provide free snacks there.
The BMC has set up temporary sheds, mobile toilets and six medical stalls at Shivaji Park, Dadar Station, at Rajgriha (Ambedkar’s residence) and Kurla Terminus.
Arrangements were also made to provide drinking water at Shivaji Park, he said.
TAGS: Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar
More from miscellaneous
AAP comes out with a song to boost its campaign Aam Aadmi Party has come up with a song which is being played at all the rallies and meetings addressed by party chief Arvind Kejriwal and other leaders.

Weekly: Nifty slides towards 8 500 as cautious investors book profitWeekly: Markets retreat from record highs amid valuation concerns
Jinsy Mathew | Mumbai Dec 06, 2014 08:47 PM IST
Benchmark indices snapped a six-week winning streak to end lower in the week to December 5, as investors turned cautious and booked profits on valuation concerns and not-so-steady global economies.
Locally, the slowdown in economic growth in the second quarter along with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) maintaining status quo in its policy meeting this week dampened investor sentiment. The only silver lining was RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan’s comment that rates could ease early next year, as inflation is showing signs of cooling.
For the quarter ended September, India’s gross domestic product (GDP) grew 5.3 per cent, compared with 5.7 per cent in the previous quarter. The fall was primarily due to slow growth in the manufacturing sector, which expanded only 0.1 per cent, compared with 3.5 per cent in the previous quarter.
RBI recently kept interest rates unchanged at 8 per cent as widely expected, staying focused on containing inflation, while adopting a more dovish tone in response to the government's call for help to revive economic growth. For the week, the Sensex declined 236 points or 0.8 per cent at 28,458 and the Nifty closed 50 points or 0.6 per cent lower at 8,538.
However, the broader markets were a picture of strength with investor interest intact. The BSE Small-cap Index advanced 1.8 per cent and the BSE Mid-cap Index gained 2.2 per cent over the last five trading sessions.
Gains in ITC, HUL and Godrej Consumer up 4-8 per cent helped the FMCG index emerge as the top sectoral gainer with gains of over 5.5 per cent. ITC gained through the week as media reports suggested that the government was reconsidering a proposal to ban sale of loose cigarettes.
Even though RBI decided to stay put on interest rates, rate sensitive pockets like Realty, Bankex and Auto indices, gained 0.7-1.8 per cent, and were among the other top sectoral gainers of the week.
Among the laggards were oil & gas, IT, power, PSU and metal indices down 0.6-3.2 per cent. From the auto pack, Maruti Suzuki, Hero MotoCorp and Eicher Motor were the top gainers up 1-5 per cent. Meanwhile, Bajaj Auto, Tata Motors and Mahindra & Mahindra declined up to 2 per cent post reporting weak sales numbers for the month of November. Sesa Sterlite, Axis Bank, ICICI Bank, Cipla and Coal India up 0.5-4.5 per cent were the only other names in green among Sensex-30.
Oil and gas was another weak space with RIL, ONGC and GAIL down 3-4 per cent.
Hindalco, Dr Reddy's, Tata Power, BHEL, HDFC, Bharti Airtel down 4-6 per cent were some the other notable losers.
Week ahead
The government will release inflation data based on the Whole-sale Price Index on Monday, December 8.
On Friday, the government will release inflation data base on the Consumer Price Index and Index of Industrial Production for October 2014.
Further, stock-specific action will be seen depending on the policy announcements at the winter session of Parliament. IT stocks are likely to firm up because of better-than-expected US jobs data, which showed that non-farm payrolls in November jumped by 321,000, the highest in any month since January 2012.

Terrorists may upset JK polls due to high voter turnoutTerrorists may upset JK polls due to high voter turnout
Politicos condemn JandK terror attacks  say it shows desperateness by PakPoliticos condemn JandK terror attacks  say it shows desperateness by Pak
Morgan Stanley sees Brent prices at $70/bbl in 2015Dec 06, 2014, 02.00 PM IST  | Source: Reuters
Morgan Stanley sees Brent prices at $70/bbl in 2015
The investment bank cut its average 2015 Brent base case outlook by USD 28 to USD 70 per barrel and for 2016, by USD 14 to USD 88 a barrel. The bank expected over-supply to peak in the second half of next year.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Morgan Stanley sees Brent prices at $70/bbl in 2015
The investment bank cut its average 2015 Brent base case outlook by USD 28 to USD 70 per barrel and for 2016, by USD 14 to USD 88 a barrel. The bank expected over-supply to peak in the second half of next year.
Post your opinion here
 
Morgan Stanley on Friday slashed its Brent price forecasts, citing oversupply and inaction by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries in curbing production.
The investment bank cut its average 2015 Brent base case outlook by USD 28 to USD 70 per barrel and for 2016, by USD 14 to USD 88 a barrel. The bank expected over-supply to peak in the second half of next year.
"Unlike 2009, this is a self-inflicted 'crisis', and the coming oversupply is grossly exaggerated. With only a modest fix required, the market is complacent about potential upside risk, particularly in light of lower prices," analyst Adam Longson said in a note.
US crude oil closed on Friday at its lowest since July 2009, as Brent averaged below USD 70 a barrel in the week for the first time since 2010, as strong US employment data did little to lift the oil market's bearish mood.
RELATED NEWS

This country s offering E-Residency to foreign entrepreneursEstonia is world’s first e-residency
Recommend
Link
14 days ago, Reuters Videos
One of the EU's smallest countries is hoping to attract foreign investors by introducing the world's first e-residency card.  As Sonia Legg reports Estonia is offering entrepreneurs around the globe access to its banks and other electronic resources.
More on Reuters Videos:
ET NOW - 16 hours ago
LATEST ET NOW VIDEOS
Terms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

Indian Pharmaceuticals Face European Scrutiny Over  QualityIndian Pharmaceuticals Face European Scrutiny Over  Quality
Maldives seeks calm as capital battles water crisisMaldives seeks calm as capital battles water crisis
PM Modi says Jharkhand does not want a coalition governmentPM Modi says Jharkhand does not want a coalition government
Thermax wins repeat order worth Rs. 351 crore in AfricaThermax wins repeat order worth Rs. 351 crore in Africa
Traders will game the Fed in the week aheadTraders will game the Fed in the week ahead
NTPC Mulls Options to Revive Dabhol PlantNTPC Mulls Options to Revive Dabhol Plant
Universities in BRICS  emerging economies: IISc is top ranked Indian varsityUniversities in BRICS  emerging economies: IISc is top ranked Indian varsity
Hi bull_eye  please share the information if you know his (mr. arun) t...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Kemrock rei agro also in same category  once a blue chip  now in ashtr...Gold Member
67 Followers
you are telling Maran group does have resources and does not  require external support. They have to spend One thousand crores  per year to run the spicejet going by last quarter loss of Rs.330 cr.. The group will be bankrupt if they were to run aviation business
In reply to : nanarayanan message
1.36 PM Dec 6th

If no new developement at corporate level than rally will die out afte...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Spicejet media statement there have been a number of news articl...Reposted about 10 days 9 hrs 56 min 16 sec ago by pon1
SPICEJET MEDIA STATEMENT
There have been a number of news articles and TV reports this evening relating to certain directions from the DGCA received by SpiceJet. SpiceJet would like to place on record the following:
· Slots cancellation for cancelled flights: SpiceJet today informed the DGCA and the public that for the near-medium term, it intends to operate a fleet of 22 Boeing 737s and 15 Q400s, down from 37 B737s that we operated earlier this year (Q400 fleet remains unchanged). As a natural consequence of the fleet reduction of 15 Boeings, unused slots are given back to the airports. This is routine process and a natural outcome of our revised fleet plan, and there is nothing unusual about the slots being cancelled.
· Future booking on cancelled flights to be stopped immediately: This has already been stopped as part of standard process
· Future bookings to be not more than one month in advance: SpiceJet believes this restriction will be counter-productive, and will be discussing the pros and cons of this cooperatively with the DGCA.
· Refunds to be provided without deductions in a timely manner: As standard practice, SpiceJet provides refunds of all bookings for cancelled flights made directly with the airline (credit card or cash) within an average of 10 days, with no deduction of any kind – 100% refund is provided. Bookings made via travel agents are refunded directly by the agents, usually also in around 10 days. Service charges and deductions, if any, by travel agents is not in SpiceJet’s control.
[... continued in my next posting]
2.29 PM Dec 6th

SAARCs make or break momentUpdated: December 5, 2014 02:01 IST
SAARC’s make or break moment
S. M. Naseem
international relations
The game of one-upmanship by India and Pakistan, the two leading countries of SAARC, is likely to do immense harm to the cause of the poverty-ridden South Asian region, where concerted efforts at regional cooperation could be crucial in shaping its future development
The most tangible outcome of the 18th session of the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC) summit was the agonising wait for the “will they, won’t they” last-minute ice-breaker at a Nepalese resort between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif, leaders of the two nuclear-armed nations. It resulted in a rather contrived handshake and the exchange of bonhomie.
Inevitably, this raises some serious questions about the future of the 30-year-old regional cooperation organisation. Will it ever come of age or, as it seems more likely, will it die prematurely? Although the gesture sent a huge sigh of relief across the subcontinent living in the shadows of a looming, if not inadequately perceived, nuclear Armageddon, it has all but dashed the hopes of a quarter of the world’s humanity to live in peace and prosperity.
Legacy of problems
The people of the South Asian region find themselves hostage to the intransigence of the elite of the two most populous countries of the region. Based on defence expenditure and human development indicators of the two when compared to the rest of the member nations, they seem more interested in competing in an arms race (in this they receive the top scores; Pakistan in nuclear and India in conventional arms) in the region than in a race to save the lives of and improve the living conditions of more than half of their populations. Ironically, these indicators in many of the least developed countries of the region are much better than those in India and Pakistan.
While individual SAARC countries, especially their affluent sections, may have done well, the region as a whole continues to be mired in poverty, disease, illiteracy, ignorance and religious, ethnic and communal hatred — the deeply-imprinted signatures of our colonial heritage that the newly elected national governments had promised to remove at the time of Independence. Instead of the eradication of most of these unwelcome tendencies and characteristics, it is disappointing to see their resurgence in most countries of the region.
“If India is perceived to behave like a hegemon and Pakistan as obstructionist in India’s ambitions to play a legitimate role in world affairs, SAARC may atrophy into smaller sub-regional groupings”
The intractable problem of Kashmir — which the British left as a parting gift to the two estranged nations — gave the ruling elites of India and Pakistan the excuse to engage in a hostile arms race and deflect their attention from the most pressing problems they needed to address after gaining freedom from colonial rule. Of course, it may be a bit unfair to blame the British for everything — even in Kashmir — that went wrong after they left. However, the fact that military command/control remained in the hands of British generals in both countries for some time, even after Independence, does create suspicions in this regard. Undoubtedly, India’s record in complicating, and its unwillingness to amicably resolving, the issue in a spirit of good neighbourliness is much murkier than Pakistan’s, where the dominant role of its military and intelligence agencies in strategic decision-making has been the main cause of a lack of trust between the two countries, often leading to cross-border proxy wars and violence.
In recent years, however, there has been discernible progress in the civilian government’s attempt to reclaim lost space in policy-making, especially in the fields of security and foreign affairs. Pakistan’s transition to democracy is still a work in progress, rather than a mission accomplished. A decrease in tensions with India and some tangible progress on a mutually acceptable solution to the Kashmir problem could greatly ease Pakistan’s journey towards a stable democratic polity. Such a development could also allay Indian fears about Pakistani irredentist misadventures and terrorist attacks, such as were witnessed in Mumbai six years ago and with its anniversary coinciding with the inauguration of the SAARC summit in Kathmandu, perhaps, accounting for Mr. Modi’s sombre visage during the inaugural session.
One-upmanship
Apart from the heavy burden of past animosity and hatred, both countries have also had to deal with the burden of discontent of the common man or the aam aadmi over a continuing deterioration in the ethics of the political class and its abettors in the bureaucracy and the consequential degeneration in the delivery of essential services to the general public. Mr. Modi, who ruled Gujarat for over a decade, found it expedient to adopt a populist platform to become a national leader. He was soon facing pressure from his hard-core base to confront his Pakistani counterpart and to punish him for raising the Kashmir issue at the United Nations and for the misdemeanour of the Pakistan envoy in Delhi in contacting Kashmiri leaders, something which was permitted by the Manmohan Singh and Atal Bihari Vajpayee governments. In a similar way, Mr. Imran Khan in his 100-day dharna in Islamabad has been breathing fire at Mr. Sharif for the haste in which he had accepted Mr. Modi’s invitation to travel to Delhi and for not raising the Kashmir issue with him. Mr. Sharif’s sycophantic cheerleaders in the media had also cautioned him “not to bend backwards to offer a handshake or smile” to Mr. Modi during the SAARC Summit.
This point scoring by the two major leaders of SAARC is likely to do immense harm to the cause of the poverty-ridden South Asian region, where serious efforts at regional cooperation could play a key role in shaping its future development. When SAARC was established three decades ago in Dhaka, Bangladesh, it was hoped that these problems could be better addressed at a regional level, helping countries to progress and protect themselves from positive and negative externalities and foster regional interdependence. It is true that in the last 30 years, SAARC has hardly achieved the kind of dynamism that similar organisations have produced in Europe, Latin America, East and Southeast Asia by creating well-integrated and connected regions. But this has been mainly because of the continuing spat between the two largest countries in the region and their reluctance to bury the hatchet and move on.
Need for unity
However, even the slow pace with which SAARC has moved is preferable to there being no regional framework to work under. In an age when the destinations of global capital and technology are determined by the degree of integration of the region where they are located, including the availability of infrastructure and access to a pool of skilled labour with low transfer costs and ancillary industries, regional cooperation becomes a positive sum, win-win game. Notwithstanding its other failures, the 18th SAARC summit did support a historic accord for electricity sharing through a regional grid, which should greatly relieve shortages in many a member country.
Both India and Pakistan have displayed increasing impatience with the imperfections of the SAARC process, which is undisputedly moving at a snail’s pace, largely because of their arrogance and intransigence. If India is perceived to behave like a hegemon and Pakistan as obstructionist in India’s ambitions to play a legitimate role in world affairs commensurate with its achievements and capabilities, SAARC may atrophy into smaller sub-regional groupings, which would be much less beneficial to the region as a whole. It would be a pity if this happens and the baby is thrown out with the bathwater. That would mean that South Asia would never be able to overcome its socio-economic dystopia and become part of the Asian century spearheaded by China and East Asia. Therefore, it is imperative that the two countries get their bilateral act together and let the underdogs in the entire region reap the benefits of regional cooperation.
In a way, India and Pakistan are facing a moment of truth, akin to (or the reverse of) the 1947 Independence moment in their history. As many retrospective histories of that moment have shown, those who had to take the decision whether to divide or to keep India united, seem to have done so in a rather hasty manner, without fully weighing the pros and cons of Partition. Similarly, any decision to dismantle or dilute SAARC for the expediency or convenience of the two countries may prove costly and irreversible.
(S.M. Naseem was a professor of economics at Quaid-I-Azam University, Islamabad, and director of the Development Planning Division, ESCAP, Bangkok. E-mail: smnaseem@gmail.com)

Its game on for Dinesh and DipikaUpdated: December 4, 2014 20:03 IST
It’s game on for Dinesh and Dipika
Srinivasa Ramanujam
Dinesh Karthik and Deepika Pallikal
TOPICS
sport
It’s happy times ahead for cricketer Dinesh Karthik and squash player Dipika Pallikal. The soon-to-be-married couple are busy deciding on a date in the middle of next year for the big day and are chalking things out.
The duo – who launched EVARA Platinum Blessings in the city recently – spoke to MetroPlus about how they met, the sport that each of them is passionate about, and more…
When did both of you first meet?
Dipika: It was four-five years ago, when we were launching a marathon.
But things happened really fast after that; we started dating, got engaged and now, are going to get married!
At an earlier event, Dipika said that she didn’t like any other cricketer, except Dinesh…
Dinesh: (grins) I was surprised to hear that! She doesn’t know many cricketers. Perhaps what she meant to say was that she hasn’t followed too much of cricket…
So, do you follow each other’s matches?
Dipika: It’s my duty to follow his matches. Whenever he plays, I keep a tab on the scores and how he’s playing and all of that. And he does the same too. Once the match is over, we speak to each other to discuss how it went.
Dinesh: I follow her matches and think I’m her emotional anchor, to an extent.
When it comes to sport, I help her in whatever little way I can.
Does it feel like a long-distance relationship?
Dipika: I’d like to think that being in the same profession we understand each other quite well.
We have tight schedules all the time and, sometimes, hardly get to see each other. But we know we’re there for each other.
Dinesh: With squash, tournaments last only ten days or so. So, it isn’t exactly a long-distance relationship. We’re like any other normal couple and, when we’re away, it’s just like the husband and wife going to work all through the week.
You’re both promoting platinum jewellery…
Dipika: I’ve always been a big fan of platinum jewellery and think it plays a big role in the lives of today’s women.
Dinesh: Given an option, I’d always buy platinum. It’s elegant and men can carry it off too.
How do you see your respective sport coming up in the future?
Dipika: Squash is a new game and quite a few good players are emerging now. The results and medals in the Commonwealth and Asian Games are the reason things are looking up.
Five years ago, people didn’t know squash but, now, they recognise the game.
So, we’re on the right track and looking forward to the future.
Dinesh: I’m working towards being part of the Indian cricket team and playing consistently.

Bigg Boss 8: Gautam  Sonali go on a shopping tripBy: Express News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 5, 2014 3:55 pm | Updated: December 5, 2014 5:47 pm
It’s day 75 in the Big Boss house and the task for the day is selecting a new captain. The task requires the housemates to decide on one contender mutually while the other names will be of the previous captain, Pritam’s choice.
However, Pritam selects himself as a contender to the housemate’s choice of captain. They are alarmed at his decision but refrain from showing their reactions, as it is his right as a captain to choose whoever he seems fit.
Later in the day, Bigg Boss announces this week’s luxury budget task in which two housemates will get a chance to go shopping. Gautam and Sonali are chosen for the task and get a chance to go to a mall in a brand new Maruti Suzuki Swift. Sonali is thrilled about the task; however, Gautam looks slightly tensed about it. The other housemates are disappointed that they are not part of the task.
But, when Sonali and Gautam arrive at the mall, there is a slight twist in store. They will need to convince people at the supermarket to pay for the items.
They both get 15 minutes each to make the purchases. Gautam and Sonali look nervous but are ready to take up this challenge. Gautam being a charmer manages to buy most of the items while Sonali takes her time to finish the task.
When the duo return to the house, the other housemates are curious about their adventure to the mall. Gautam and Sonali narrate the whole task and also share the chocolates, wafers and other items they have managed to get for everyone. The luxury task has surely put a big smile on their faces.

BSE Sensex drops 105 points to end week in redMarket update: Sensex drops 105 points to log first weekly fall in seven weeks
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 5, 2014  | 18:59 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) index Sensex on Friday closed nearly 105 points lower at 28,458.10 buckling under fag-end profit booking in IT, oil & gas and healthcare shares, logging its first weekly loss in seven weeks.
After opening in the positive zone at 28,604.50, the 30-share BSE barometer surged to an intra-day high of 28,651.75 on continued overseas fund inflows and buying by retail investors.
Soon after, however, it met with resistance at higher levels and fell back to settle at 28,458.10, a fall of 104.72 points (or 0.37 per cent). Intra-day, it had touched a low of 28,409.05.
"In absence of any major cues, equity markets traded dull for most part  of the session on Friday but profit taking in the last hour pushed  indices in red," said Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution,  Religare Securities.
The BSE index had rallied 120.11 points in the previous session on supportive domestic and global cues.
On a weekly basis, the Sensex fell by about 236 points, logging its first weekly drop in seven weeks.
Overall, 22 of the 30 Sensex scrips including Sun Pharma, Infosys, Hindalco, BHEL, ONGC, Hero Moto and SBI fell.
Similarly, the broader 50-share National Stock Exchange (NSE) Nifty index ended 26.10 points (or 0.30 per cent) lower at 8,538.30.
Fall in shares of Wipro, Tech Mahindra, Dr Reddys, BPCL, TCS, Sun Pharma, Infosys and Cipla stocks weighed on the NSE Nifty.
The gauge moved between 8,523.90 and 8,588.35 during the session on alternate bouts of buying and selling.
Shares of SAIL ended about 3 per cent down after the government's 5 per cent stake sale in the steel major, to raise up to Rs 1,700 crore, began on Friday.
ITC shares continued their rally, and added another 2.27 per cent on hope that a proposal to ban sale of loose cigarettes will be put on hold.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) bought shares worth net Rs 474 crore on Thursday, according to provisional data.
Global cues were conducive as Asian bourses ended higher and European markets also were better in early trades.
Sectorwise, the BSE IT index suffered the most by falling 1.83 per cent, followed by the Teck index that fell 1.47 per cent, Healthcare index 1.40 per cent, Oil & Gas index 0.66 per cent and Power index 0.52 per cent, among others. Bucking the trend, Realty, FMCG, Consumer Durables and Metal indices jumped.

SAIL offer boosts govt s divestment programmeSAIL share offer boosts govt's divestment programme
Aman Shah     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 5, 2014  | 20:51 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The government's ambitious disinvestment drive in the ongoing financial year got a boost on Friday, as an offer to sell 5 per cent in a steelmaker to raise US $275 million saw investors bidding for twice the number of shares on sale.
The strong response from investors to the sale of shares in Steel Authority of India (SAIL) could improve prospects for other divestments, including a stock offering in Coal India Ltd, the world's largest coal miner.
However, Prime Minister Narendra Modi seems likely to miss a target to raise US $9.5 billion from the sell-off of government stakes in companies in the 2014-15 fiscal ending March 31, 2015, as resistance from staff unions and investor worries about some company-specific issues delay the process.
The fund-raising from the divestment programme is crucial for the central government to meet its budget deficit target of 4.1 per cent of gross domestic product (GDP) for FY15.
Prior to the SAIL offering, the government had raised about US $8.4 million, less than a thousandth of its target, by selling some of its shares to employees of two state companies, and not to institutional and retail investors.
"It is a good sign, and the government will be confident of mobilising substantial funds for the pending divestments," said RK Gupta, managing director of Taurus Asset Management, referring to investors' response to the SAIL share sale.
The offering from SAIL , the country's second-largest steelmaker, got bids for more than 418 million shares at the close, more than double the 206.5 million shares on offer, according to data provided by the stock exchanges.
Retail investors, who got a 5 per cent discount to the bid price, subscribed for more than 2.5 times the number of shares on offer, with institutions bidding for nearly 2 times the allotted shares.
"People have accepted this disinvestment in a positive manner... That itself is a good achievement on the part of the government," Gupta said.
With the stake sale of 5 per cent in SAIL, the government's shareholding in the steelmaker has come down to 75 per cent.
Other divestments in the pipeline include a 10 per cent stake in Coal India (CIL) and a 5 per cent stake in Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC). At their current market prices, these two state-run firms could help the government raise two-thirds of its divestment target.
(Reuters)

Mumbai needs CEO to become global finance centre: ReportDec 05, 2014, 08.07 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Mumbai needs CEO to become global finance centre: Report
The metropolitan area needs more empowered leadership to galvanise its complex and often 'siloed' organisational structure in pursuit of long-term goals, the report said
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Mumbai needs CEO to become global finance centre: Report
The metropolitan area needs more empowered leadership to galvanise its complex and often 'siloed' organisational structure in pursuit of long-term goals, the report said
Post your opinion here
 
There is a need to have a 'CEO for Mumbai' in order to realise the ambition of making it a global financial centre, says a report.
"Mumbai needs a much simpler and more empowered governance framework to manage transport, land-use and housing. Potential solutions include a metropolitan coordination unit with a coordinating 'CEO for Mumbai'," the report by Global Cities Initiative, backed by foreign brokerage J P Morgan Chase and Brookings Institution, said.
Other alternatives put forth include a directly elected metropolitan Mayor, a senior state government official leading a new 'Government Office for Mumbai' and an expanded
remit and coordination powers for the Mumbai Metropolitan Regional Development Authority (MMRDA), it said.
"The metropolitan area needs more empowered leadership to galvanise its complex and often 'siloed' organisational structure in pursuit of long-term goals," it added.
The recommendations come in the midst of a debate over overhaul of the administrative structures in the city.
At a panel discussion held before the launch of the report on December 3, leading public intellectual Pratap Bhanu Mehta said, "I am very perturbed by this idea that Mumbai can
have something like a CEO.. unelected regulatory authorities like CEOs should not take decisions that short-circuit democratic process. You get a short term boost, but there will
be a logjam pretty soon."
Chief Minister of Maharashtra, who counts development of infrastructure in the city among his top priorities, had announced a CEO for the city last month but was later forced
to retract the same after a controversy.
The city is presently governed by a multi-layer arrangement which includes a Mayor elected from among elected corporators in the municipal body and the MMRDA under the
state government to oversee large infra projects. 
RELATED NEWS

Showers tonight and heavier rain Saturday  skies clear on SundayBy Angela Fritz December 5 Follow @angelafritz
Radar & lightning: Latest regional radar shows movement of precipitation and lightning strikes over past two hours. Refresh page to update. Click here or on image to enlarge. Or see radar bigger on our Weather Wall.
“Cloudy and rainy” continues through tomorrow. Saturday’s rain will prove to be heavier, more widespread, and more persistent. But the good news is that if you make it through tomorrow, you’ll see the sun on Sunday — though it will be pretty windy (hey, we can’t always have it all).
Through Tonight: Showers continue off and on through the evening, though we could catch an extended break or lull for a few hours later tonight before the next wave moves in on Saturday. Temperatures don’t stray much from what they are this afternoon, hovering in the low to mid-40s. Winds are about 5 to 10 mph out of the south.
Tomorrow (Saturday) and tomorrow night: Scattered showers become steady, moderate rain by the early afternoon. Rainfall totals could reach an inch in some locations, though widespread totals of around a half inch are more likely. Highs are in the low 50s. Rain tapers off in the overnight hours. Lows are in the mid to upper 30s in the city, and the low to mid-30s in our cooler suburbs.
Sunday: The rain is mostly gone and skies clear through the day, but winds are blowing as strong as 25 mph from the north. Highs in the mid-40s.

Sensex at 400000 by 2030: the answer lies in assumptionsBSE
NEW DELHI: The Indian market has rallied over 30 per cent so far in the year 2014, but the rally is just getting started, say experts who have come out with target in excess of 1,00,000 for the Nifty and 4,00,000 for the Sensex in the next 15 years or by 2030.
Big Bull Rakesh Jhunjhunwala sees the Nifty touching 1,25,000 by 2030, considering the fact that company or corporate earnings are expected to grow by 16 per cent annually. The target is almost 13 times the index's close of 8,564.40 on Thursday.
Jhunjhunwala told a news channel that the Nifty has grown 10 times in the last 15 years and can jump 10-12 times in the next decade.
So, based on the assumption of strong economic growth, bounce back in corporate earnings to double digits and revival in investment cycle, the Nifty and the Sensex can reach these levels which look more like a tall task.
When asked about the targets are they working with for the next 15 years, most of analysts agreed that the bull run is here to say, but said there are caveats and assumptions which needs to get fulfilled first before we can achieve these targets.
If we look deeper into the data, the Nifty has moved from the levels of 943 recorded on 29th April 2003, to 8600 levels as of today (4th December 2014), at an yearly compounded growth rate of above 20 per cent.
"So, if we apply the same growth rate, 125000 is possible by 2030 on the Nifty & 4,00,000 on the Sensex with support from strong economy growth, stable government at the Center, as well as infrastructure & technology development," says Kiran Kumar Kavikondala, Director & CEO, WealthRays Securities.
"Equities are expected to perform well over the next decade in India along with corporate earnings expected to grow above 15 per cent and EPS of Indian bourses set to move higher, pushing the valuations to these levels," he adds.
By 2018, Kavikondala estimates the Nifty to cross 15000; by 2020, 35000; by 2025, 60,000 and by 2030, he expects the Nifty to cross 1 lakh, keeping in view the strong economy growth.
Most global brokerage firms have expressed their confidence in the India's story with Narender Modi at the helm of things. This is reflected in their overweight stance on the India markets, which have outperformed global markets in the year. The Indian markets are still trading below previous valuation peaks of 25x, which also supports the optimism.
The Indian stock market created history last week on Friday, when the total investor wealth hit a record high of Rs 100 trillion in trade on the BSE, which also puts it in the ten largest exchanges of the world in terms of total market capitalisation of listed firms.
India's market capitalisation has risen 41 per cent so far this year, highest among all countries on the back of Rs 93,000-crore investment by foreign institutional investors.
Markets are currently buoyant and there is still plenty of room for a sustained bull-run on the back of improving macro-economic fundamentals supported by pro-growth policies by the Modi government.
India can grow with 16 per cent CAGR for the next 20 years. Experts believe that such a growth momentum can be achieved as the Indian economy is under the transition phase.
"We agree with Mr. Rakesh Jhunjhunwala's analysis on the markets," says Omkar Tanksale, Fundamental Analyst at GEPL Capital. "It is possible to achieve 16% growth for the next 20 years," he says.
However, "there will be some ups and downs in the growth momentum and we believe that the growth momentum may not be smooth and linear," he adds.
Tanksale is of the view that if we can manage to sustain with the current growth levels for the next 20 years, we can easily achieve the Nifty levels at 85,000 with a CAGR of 12 per cent which seems much more realistic and achievable.
What are these assumptions?
Before we start discussing about assumption, investors should keep in mind a famous saying that "predictions are difficult to make, especially about the future."
 
However, for most things in life we have to plan for the future and estimate many things about it. Analysts are banking on the fact that FIIs will continue to pour money as the economy improves, retail investors will be back to the equity markets and corporate earnings will likely to grow by about 16 per cent annually.
"One should keep in mind that this is an estimate and cannot be viewed in isolation. There are a lot of implicit assumptions on which it is based. However, if some of those assumptions don't turn out as expected in the future, then of course the estimate might be off-track," says Vikas V Gupta - Executive Vice President at ArthVeda Fund Management Pvt. Ltd.
"In our opinion if the Nifty is at about 125000, then the Sensex would be at about 400000 or so. Keep in mind that it is pricing in a real GDP growth rate of about 10-11 per cent CAGR and an inflation of about 7 per cent CAGR," he adds.
"Also keep in mind that we have not achieved these figures so far in India for a sustained period, but China, Japan and Korea have achieved for decades," cautions Gupta.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Valuations reasonable for most Oil & Gas sector stocksYou are here: Home > Collections > Stocks
Valuations reasonable for most Oil & Gas sector stocks
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 6, 2014, 10.37AM IST
Tags:
(India as a country will save…)
By Sachin Shah
MUMBAI: Indian equity markets continue to deliver solid returns. For the month of November 2014, markets delivered 3-3.5 per cent returns, nearly 28 per cent for the FY2015 (last eight months) and 35 per cent for CY14 (last 11 months).
The highlight of the month has been a crash in crude prices by US$14/barrel (16 per cent) in just one month and down by nearly 25 per cent as compared to the average of first nine months of CY2014.
India imports (net) nearly US$100 billion plus worth of crude every year, if the crude prices remain around US$70/barrel for the next one year and more, India as a country will save nearly US$20-25bn / year just on crude imports. This can be a game changer for Indian economy & Indian manufacturing industry.
Along with crude, even other commodities like metals (both ferrous & non-ferrous), coal and rubber have been sliding down for last few months. Keeping the above recent developments in the backdrop, stocks in oil &gas sector could do well in coming months.
With the deregulation of diesel-petrol & crude prices falling so drastically the subsidy burden, borne by government and other large PSU Oil & Gas companies will be significantly lower.
The valuations are also reasonable for most of the stocks in the Oil & Gas sector
Also with the Government's focus on reducing foreign energy dependence, the energy companies in the country should see significant volume growth in the next 3-5 years.
We expect the PSUs to perform very well in the next five years under the leadership of new PM, taking the cue from the performance Gujarat PSUs from 2002-2012.
One of the ways to participate in Government owned Energy sector is by investing in Goldman Sachs (GS) CPSE ETF. GS CPSE ETF is a basket of 10 Maharatna / Navratna PSUs, with three stocks - ONGC India, Coal India & GAIL India having nearly 60 per cent weight.
(The Analyst is Fund Manager at Emkay Investments Managers)
Disclaimer: Emkay PMS & the Portfolio Manager have already invested in the securities &ETFs mentioned above.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Burdwan blast probe: Key suspect Shahnoor Alam arrested byNIAWritten by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati |
Posted: December 7, 2014 12:04 am | Updated: December 7, 2014 10:37 am
A day after Sahanur Alom (32), alias “doctor Ilias”, a top Jamaatul Mujahideen Bangladesh (JMB) operative was arrested in Nalbari district, the Assam Police on Saturday confirmed that several top JMB leaders from Bangladesh had visited at least one madrasa in the state and conducted some motivational training there.
“We have confirmed that some top JMB leaders had visited a madrasa in Larkuchi village in Nalbari and organized motivational training to induct boys from here in order to create JMB modules in Assam the way they did in West Bengal,” Assam Police DG Khagen Sarma said.
Formally announcing the arrest of Alom – who was among the 12 “most wanted” by the NIA in the Burdwan blast case – the Assam DGP also said that the police was on the look-out for five or six more persons having close links with the JMB. Sahanur Alom was arrested from Larkuchi village under Mukalmua police station in Nalbari district, and remanded in 14 days police custody by the CJM’s court here on Saturday.
“Several persons are under our surveillance as also some NGOs and madrasas. We have already arrested ten of them including the most-wanted Sahanur Alom. There are five or six more who are important. We are also looking for four women,” the DGP said. Sahanur’s wife Sujena Begum alias Suriya Bhano was arrested by the police on November 6 in Guwahati.
Sahanur Alom, who was carrying a cash reward of Rs 5 lakh announced by the NIA last month, was picked up from Larkuchi village by a team of the Assam Police on Friday after he had managed to remain elusive for over two months since the Burdwan blast of October 2.
“Sahanur had shifted from one place to another in lower Assam as well as Meghalaya and had even tried to sneak out to Bangladesh several times,” the DGP said, describing the arrest as a major success.
Sahanur Alom, whose name in the organization was Ilias, however was popularly known as “doctor” as he had undergone some para-medic training and was working in the villages as a quack dentist. Hailing from Chatala, a village under Sarthebari police station in Barpeta district, he has been involved with the JMB for over one year and half, DGP Sarma said.
“The best thing is that the local Muslim population has not given any indulgence to Sahanur and other JMB operatives. Local Muslims in fact chased them away in village Chaolpoka, and informed the police when he and some others tried to organize a namaz one day ahead of the scheduled Eid namaz in Chatala,” DGP Sarma said.
When asked whether the Jamaatul Mujahideen Bangladesh (JMB) was particularly eyeing pockets inhabited by people of Bangladesh origin, the Assam Police chief said the JMB continued…

J&K: Food packets of Pakistani brand recovered from terroristsJ&K: Food packets of Pakistani brand recovered from terrorists
CNN-IBN | Dec 06, 2014 at  11:50am IST
Srinagar: A day after four separate attacks in Jammu and Kashmir, it is now clear that the terrorists were planning a sustained, coordinated operation. Network18 has accessed pictures of several food supplies recovered from the six dead terrorists in Uri, which showed that they were planning to remain entrenched for the long haul.
The recovered food packets are well packed and labelled in Urdu. The terrorists were also carrying biscuits and dry fruits, from brands sold in Pakistan. Similar recoveries had been made from the terrorists who carried out the 26/11 attacks in Mumbai.
Kashmir Valley was rocked by four terror attacks by terrorists from across the border who stormed an Army camp in Uri leaving 11 security personnel including a Lt Colonel dead and killed two civilians in Tral.
The terrorists were also carrying biscuits and dry fruits, from brands sold in Pakistan.
The attacks and gun battles with security forces which in all left 21 people dead also included a top commander of Pakistan-based terror outfit LeT and seven terrorists. Srinagar and Shopian were the other two places where the terrorists struck.
India is calling it Pakistan's desperate bid to disrupt the Assembly elections in the state which has witnessed a high goter turnout in the first two phases.
Meanwhile, Army Chief General Dalbir Singh Suhag is in Kashmir to review the situation. He will attend a wreath laying for the martyred soldiers. He will also be visiting Uri.
The attack came just three days after a 72 per cent voter turnout was registered in the second phase of incident-free Assembly elections in Jammu and Kashmir on Tuesday in a rerun of record polling in the first phase.
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

Those who steal electricity should be beaten with shoes: UP Governor20
0
Lucknow: UP Governor Ram Naik has sparked off a row after he made strong comments against those who indulge in power theft. After his comment that power thieves should be hanged drew flak, a defiant Naik now has said that they should be beaten in public with shoes.
"I had earlier said that the people who steal electricity are very notorious and they should be hanged in the streets. Someone said that it is not good to hang people for anything, I am improving that statement on moral grounds. Don't hang them but get them on the streets and hit them with shoes.
"Despite of massive power crunch, India is the only country in the world where its misuse is maximum," Naik said adding that for ensuring the availability of electricity to all, it is essential to check its misuse.
#uttar pradesh #up governor #ram naik #electricity
The governor pointed out that for development, availability of power, good infrastructure and human resources  are required.
Emphasising upon striking a balance between private and public sector in the area of power generation, Naik said that in today's world expertise is essential in all fields.
(With inputs from PTI)

No qualms in playing village-based roles:AnandhiBy: Indo-Asian News Service | Chennai |
Posted: December 6, 2014 12:29 pm
Actress Anandhi, who will next be seen in forthcoming Tamil romantic-drama ‘Kayala’, says she has no fear of taking up a village-based role because she gives prime importance to the script and performance.
In ‘Kayala’, which is set against the backdrop of the 2004 tsunami, Anandhi plays a village girl. In her next yet-untitled film with director A. Sargunam, she plays a similar role.
“If my directors think I’m more suitable for village-based roles, I’m fine with it. But the film should have interesting script and ample scope for performance. Otherwise, I don’t usually sign a film,” Anandhi told IANS.
“Both ‘Kayal’ and Sargunam sir’s films have given me author-backed roles. That’s why I didn’t mind taking them up even though they were village-based,” she said.
Currently busy shooting for Sargunam’s film, Anandhi is really looking forward to ‘Kayal’.
“It will be a landmark film not just for me but also for the industry. We worked extremely hard to complete it,” she added.
Directed by Prabhu Solomon, ‘Kayal’ is scheduled for release Dec 26 on the occasion that marks the 10 years of devastating Indian Ocean tsunami.

India tour of Australia: Can spinners turn it IndiaswayWritten by Vinay Kumar |
Posted: December 6, 2014 12:22 pm | Updated: December 6, 2014 3:55 pm
Whenever a team travels to Australia, the bulk of the news is about the bouncy pitches and the pacers. The off-field trash talks also make it to the news. India’s tour to Australia is no exception.
With everyone talking about Indian pacers and Mitchell Johnson, the Indian spinners have taken a back seat. In India’s 18-man squad, R Ashwin, R Jadeja and Karn Sharma are the three spinners. With Ashwin already having the experience of playing in Australia in 2012, the two others are on their first tour Down Under. Though spinners don’t play the role they do back home, but their contribution to the attack is of utmost importance. A look at the very fresh Indian spin attack:
R Ashwin
Strengths:
Variation:Ashwin is a confident bowler who backs his ability. While he uses his off-spinners to a great effect, the carom ball also brings him a lot of wickets. Many would argue that it is more effective in shorter format of the game but Ashwin is never reluctant to use it in Tests, especially when he comes around the wicket.
Experience: While the other two spinners will be new to the Australian conditions, Ashwin does have the experience of playing there in 2012. The previous tour was a disaster for him with just nine wickets from three matches at an average of 62. Now that he knows the conditions, he will be more prepared and raring to go. Not to forget Ashwin – the batsman. He has played some crucial knocks in the past and also has two Test centuries to his name. Even in England, he played two brilliant innings in Manchester. Australia should be no different.
Weakness:
Defensive approach: There is something Aswhin and Harbhajan Singh have in common. If they get wickets early in their spell, they are very different bowlers and could win you the game single-handedly. But if they fail to get early wickets, they turn defensive. Ashwin loses his sharpness and tries varying his line length and pace rather than giving the ball some flight, which backfires. He will set defensive fields and that is when he fails to prove his worth.
There is no doubt Ashwin loves challenges. His rivalry with Glenn Maxwell is also not hidden. But Ashwin should not get carried away. He should stay focused and take responsibility as the leader of the attack as far as the spin department is concerned.
Ravindra Jadeja
Strengths:
Consistency: Jadeja is just 12 Test old and has 45 wickets to his name. Out of those 45 wickets, 44 percent have been either bowled or LBW. This shows how consistently Jadeja sticks to that middle-leg line. Jadeja tormented the Australians when they were in India in 2013, taking 24 wickets at an average of 17.45. But Indian conditions are very different. On his first tour to Australia, Jadeja may find everything new but he will surely be consistent with his line and length and slip in the odd arm bowl which has given him most of his wickets.
Weakness
No Experimentation: At times, especially during long spells, Jadeja becomes a tad predictable. He sticks to that middle-leg line and gives enough scoring opportunities. It is only when he varies, even if slightly, his line that he is among the wickets. It is never a bad option to keep pushing on the stumps and then toss one around the off-stump. Expecting a mistimed drive.
Karn Sharma
The young leg-spinner has shown a lot of promise in the limited overs cricket but his exploits in Tests are yet to be seen. It is highly-doubtful that he will get a game on this tour but if he does, it will be interesting to see how he bowls to the hard-hitting Australians on the big grounds. It will surely be a great learning experience for him and if the opportunity comes he should grab it with both hands.

Balakrishna does a lungidanceBy: Indo-Asian News Service | Hyderabad |
Posted: December 6, 2014 12:03 pm
Actor Nandamuri Balakrishna’s fans are in for a treat as their star has grooved to a song in lungi in upcoming Telugu film, tentatively titled ‘Godsea’.
The film’s director Satyadeva says the actor can still give his young counterparts a run for money.
“We recently shot a song featuring Balakrishna in a lungi. It has come out extremely well. I don’t think any other actor can dance so well at his age. He can still give tough competition to the younger flock of actors,” Satyadeva told IANS.
“We’ve completed about seventy percent of shooting. We’re planning for release early next year,” he said.
Also starring Trisha Krishnan and Radhika Apte, the film is being produced by Rudrapati Ramana Rao.

Thousands pay tribute to Dr B R Ambedkar on 58th deathanniversaryBy: Press Trust of India | Mumbai |
Posted: December 6, 2014 11:38 am | Updated: December 6, 2014 3:11 pm
Rich tributes were paid to the architect of Constitution, Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar on his 58th death anniversary, observed as ‘Mahaparinirvan Din’ by thousands of followers from all over the state who converged at his memorial ‘Chaityabhoomi’ on Saturday near Shivaji Park in Dadar.
Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis and Education Minister Vinod Tawde were among the leaders who paid homage to Ambedkar at ‘Chaityabhoomi’.
At Mantralaya, the state secretariat, floral tributes were offered to the late leader. At Vidhan Bhawan, Legislature staff paid tributes to Ambedkar.
The city’s public transport wing, BEST undertaking, ran special buses between Dadar and Shivaji Park, an official said, adding that food stalls were also being put up to provide free snacks there.
The BMC has set up temporary sheds, mobile toilets and six medical stalls at Shivaji Park, Dadar Station, at Rajgriha (Ambedkar’s residence) and Kurla Terminus.
Arrangements were also made to provide drinking water at Shivaji Park, he said

Bharti Retail plans to borrow up to Rs 2000 ...You are here: Home > Collections > Retailers
Bharti Retail plans to borrow up to Rs 2000 crore to accelerate store openings
Sagar Malviya, ET Bureau Dec 6, 2014, 10.52AM IST
Tags:
Accenture
MUMBAI: A year after parting ways with Walmart, billionaire Sunil Mittal's Bharti Retail plans to borrow up to 2,000 crore to accelerate store openings and spruce up operations. The company board has already passed the fund-borrowing resolution, according to Bharti Retail's recent filings with the registrar of companies. The filing, however, didn't specify when and where the amount will be utilised. A Bharti spokesperson declined to comment.
A real estate industry official privy to Bharti Retail's plan said, "The company has stabilised most of the operations post-Walmart and is now looking for some big-ticket spending to improve back-end efficiency and expansion." Experts said the company may need funds to spruce up back-end operations and speed up expansion to compensate the void created by its estranged partner Walmart. Bharti and Walmart ran an equal wholesale joint venture in India until differences cropped up between the partners, leading to a split in the six-year-old alliance in October last year.
Bharti Retail was using Walmart's IT platform until three months ago, but recently roped in Accenture to implement SAP solutions .
Walmart was also providing technological support and supplying merchandise to Bharti's Easyday chain since its inception in 2008.
Unlike most other retailers that opened stores across India, Bharti Retail consolidated its position in the North before moving to other regions. This cluster strategy, in turn, helped the company manage inventory and profitability better, feel experts.
"Their focus has mostly been on non-metros where cost of operations is less. Sales has also picked up in these markets since many large players aren't present there," said Ruchi Sally, director at retail consultancy Elargir Solutions . "Bharti Retail hardly shut stores even during slowdown when others closed hundreds of doors, which is an indication that several of their stores must have reached store-level profitability."
Bharti Retail, which changed its accounting year format last fiscal, reported net loss of 314 crore on revenues of 2,748 crore for the 15 months ended March 2014. For the year ended December 2012, it had reported net loss of 538 crore and revenues of 1,581 crore.
Bharti Retail has almost paused expansion, with store count hovering around 180 outlets in the last few years. It has opened some stores this year to take the total to 216 outlets.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nanowires to combat cell damage  breakthrough to preventageingBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 6, 2014 12:53 pm | Updated: December 6, 2014 1:14 pm
 Nanowires made of vanadia can reduce cell damage in the human body, researchers from Indian Institute of Science (IISc), Bangalore have found. This breakthrough can help develop drugs that prevent ageing, cardiac disorders, and several neurological problems like Parkinson’s and Alzheimer’s disease. Vanadium oxide or vanadia is a form of vanadium, an element found close to titanium on the periodic table.
Reactive Oxygen Species (ROS) are produced during normal cellular metabolism. When the level of ROS is elevated, normal redox state of cells is disturbed, leading to damage of cellular components, including proteins, lipids, and DNA. Oxidative stress caused by ROS is responsible for various conditions ranging from a simple premature greying of hair to serious diseases like cancer, diabetes, arthritis, ageing and kidney disorders.
“Many of the antioxidant-based drugs used to control ROS, also produce ROS, though at small proportions. So we wanted to concentrate on a mechanism that mimics the natural detoxification pathways,” say Prof G Mugesh and Patrick D’Silva, who led the research team.
In a paper published in Nature Communications, they have shown that vanadia nanowires actually mimic a natural
antioxidant enzyme, according to a Gubbi Labs release.ROS are helpful when their concentrations are optimal. They help in numerous biochemical reactions and act as critical secondary messengers in signalling pathways. They are also essential for the normal metabolism of the human body.
“The human body has numerous mechanisms to scavenge ROS, and specifically hydrogen peroxide. However, when people are suffering from a disease, the production of ROS shoots up, and the natural scavenging mechanisms are not able to cope with. In such cases, we may have to control ROS levels artificially,” says D’Silva.
The IISc team has demonstrated that when the ROS levels are too much for the natural defence system to handle, vandia nanowires can control ROS accumulation and stop the resulting cell damage. The entry of nanowires inside the cells is crucial because, the nanowires must get inside the cell to start their scavenging jobs.
Therefore, the researchers treated human cells from different organs and made sure through elaborate methodology
that the nanowires could efficiently enter the cells. This clearly shows that vanadia nanowires posses  detoxifying abilities for a variety of cells.Interestingly, vanadia in bulk and foam form do the exact opposite: they enhance ROS levels; hence the nanosize of vanadia is critical for its function. “It is remarkable thatthe material that generates ROS in bulk and foam forms, can actually destroy them at nanoscales,” says Prof G. Mugesh, elaborating on the significance of the research.
With the initial positive results, the discovery needs further studies before being translated into drugs that can be
administered. “We have shown that nanovanadia works at the cellular level. Next we want to focus on administering it in animals, and see how it performs,” say Mugesh and D’Silva.

U.S.  Yemen Attempt Rescue of American Hostage Luke Somersu.s.  yemen attempt rescue of american hostage luke somers
XOLO launches 2  Omega  handsets priced Rs 8 999 onwardsXOLO launches two 'Omega' handsets priced Rs 8,999 onwards
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 8, 2014  | 09:27 IST
Photo: www.xolo.in
Smartphone maker XOLO has  announced the launch of two handsets under the Omega range, priced Rs 8,999 onwards.
The handsets - Omega 5.0 and Omega 5.5 - will be powered by 1.4 GHz octacore processor, 1GB RAM and XOLO's proprietary HIVE platform.
Omega 5.5, priced at Rs 9,999, comes with 5.5-inch display, 13MP rear and 2MP front camera, 2,600 mAh battery and will be available from December 20.

Over 40 000 Indians queuing up to migrate to Australia during 2012-13: ReportAustralia
(About 123,400 applied to…)
MELBOURNE: Indians have topped the list of new migrants in Australia with over 40,000 applying to migrate during 2012-13, according to a new report.
The statistics from the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development show there has been 46.6 per cent increase in the number of people becoming Australian citizens.
About 123,400 applied to become Australian citizens in 2012-13, the highest number since 2011-12, the International Migration Outlook report said.
Australia's Migration Programme has also seen a significant increase, with 40,100 India citizens applying to migrate during 2012-13, while China had 27,300 applications and the UK had 21,700, the Melbourne Age reported.
"There is a growing trend of Indian and Chinese citizens seeking citizenship in Australia for greater global movement," migration Law expert Sharon Harris said.
"India and China is without any doubt the most prolific source countries for pursuing visas and ultimately citizenship," she said
With an Australia passport, this opens up greater travel access globally.
Harris further said that the change in governments was particularly popular with Chinese citizens, who were attracted to the Abbott government.
"With the change of government they have more confidence in a stable political environment," Harris said.
The report further disclosed that 62,700 people whose temporary visas had expired or had been cancelled were living illegally in Australia.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Terrorists attack desperate attempts to derail democracy: PM NarendraModiBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 7, 2014 4:06 am | Updated: December 7, 2014 9:30 am
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday condemned the terror strikes in Kashmir valley, calling it a “shameful” attempt to attack Indian democracy.
Addressing an election meeting here, he hailed the Army personnel who sacrificed their lives to protect the country’s security and said that the nation would never forget them.
READ:  Militants kill eight Armymen, three policemen in Uri encounter
“Yesterday in Kashmir, terrorists made a shameless attempt to attack the Indian democracy and mother India’s darling, son of Jharkhand, Sankalp Kumar Shukla sacrificed himself for the sake of his country. I pay my respects to Sankalp and all those jawans who were killed in that attack. Jharkhand will remember their sacrifice forever and it will inspire future generations,” Modi said at the start of his speech in Gandhi Maidan.
Lt Col Sankalp Kumar of Punjab Regiment was among the eight Armymen killed in Mohura Army camp in Uri sector by a group of six militants, believed to have come from across the border.
The attack came just three days after 72 per cent voter turnout was registered in the second phase of incident-free Assembly elections in Jammu and Kashmir on Tuesday in a rerun of record polling in the first phase.
A total of 21 people were killed in four separate incidents in 12 hours in the Valley. Among them was a top commander of Pakistan-based terror outfit LeT and seven militants.
Terrorist activities started after Modi govt came to power, says Rahul
New Delhi, Jharkhand: A day after eight Armymen were killed by militants in J&K, Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi on Saturday said that “destabilising attempts”  being “escalated from across the border in Pakistan” should be crushed with resolve. Rahul also targeted Prime Minister Narendra Modi, saying terror activities started in the state soon after the BJP came to power at the Centre. “We had our government for 10 years. Tourists used to come to J&K. There was peace. As soon as his (Modi’s) government came to power (at the Centre), terrorist activities started,” he said at a rally in Ramgarh.
Terrorists tried to attack the democracy of India. But the brave jawans scarified their lives protecting the country's security.

Not hiding anything: Anushka Sharma on relationship with ViratKohliBy: Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 6, 2014 2:43 pm | Updated: December 7, 2014 11:25 am
Actress Anushka Sharma says that her relationship with cricketer Virat Kohli is not a secret affair. It’s just that she doesn’t want to talk about it in public.
“Nobody is hiding anything. We are living our life very normally. It’s just that we don’t want to talk about our relationship. We can’t subject it to entertainment news. We will not hide if you guys see us together, but we will not talk about it,” Anushka told reporters in a group interview.
She also feels that she will only “talk to her friends” about her personal life and not “to the world”.
Anushka who is currently busy promoting her film ‘PK’ says she would love to do a biopic too. “I want to do a biopic as an actor. It’s a thrill… I would love it if I am able to do a biopic.”
Directed by Rajkumar Hirani, ‘PK’ also stars Aamir Khan, Sanjay Dutt, Sushant Singh Rajput, Boman Irani and Saurabh Shukla.

Gift Card Limit Doubled to Rs 1 lakh  Validity ExtendedSalaries in India Likely to Rise by 10.5% in 2015: Report
Mumbai: Relaxing norms for pre-paid payment instruments (PPI), the Reserve Bank of India on Wednesday doubled the card limit to Rs 1 lakh.
"The limit of PPI... has now been enhanced from Rs 50,000 to Rs 1 lakh. The balance in the PPI should not exceed Rs 1 lakh at any point of time," the RBI said in a statement.
The move would help in achieving the objective of limiting cash transactions in the system.
Besides, the maximum validity of gift cards has been enhanced from one year to three years, it said, adding that other provisions of PPI guidelines with respect to gift cards will continue to be applicable.
The RBI also allowed issue of multiple PPIs by banks from fully-KYC compliant bank accounts for dependent or family members, it said.
Only one card can be issued to one beneficiary, it said.
"The bank may put in place mechanisms to monitor and report suspicious transactions on these PPIs to Financial Intelligence Unit India (FIU IND)," it added.
Based on a comprehensive internal review and feedback received from entities currently authorised to issue PPIs, it has been considered necessary to amend certain provisions of existing guidelines for ensuring growth of prepaid payment industry, it said.
The apex bank also permitted banks to issue rupee denominated PPIs for visiting foreign nationals and NRIs.
"Banks are permitted to issue open system rupee denominated non-reloadable PPIs to NRIs and foreign nationals visiting India and PPIs co-branded with exchange houses/money transmitters (approved by RBI) to NRIs and foreign nationals visiting India," it said.
However, this would be subject to certain conditions like the cards can be issued by overseas branches of banks in India directly or by co-branding with the exchange houses/money transmitters up to a maximum amount of Rs 2 lakh by loading from a KYC compliant bank account.
Such PPIs should be activated by the bank only after the traveller arrives in India and cash withdrawal will be restricted to Rs 50,000 per month.
The cards should be issued strictly for use in India and transactions settled in Indian rupee, it added.
Story first published on: December 03, 2014 15:57 (IST)

What s life A letter from a grandfather to his one-day old grandson explains it allWritten by Parmita Uniyal | New Delhi |
Posted: December 4, 2014 1:28 pm | Updated: December 4, 2014 1:29 pm
It is one of the happiest days in his life when he gets the news that he has become a proud granddad. His son calls him and asks him to say something to his one-day old grandson. The old man puts on his glasses, grabs his notepad and begins to write.
The five-minute video reads out the content of the letter that sums up the gist and purpose of life quite beautifully.
The letter

Government Mulls Splitting CMD Post in PSU Banks: ReportSpiceJet Cancellations Trigger Chaos At Airports
New Delhi: Government is likely to implement the proposal of splitting the post of chairman and managing director in public sector banks from the next fiscal to strengthen corporate governance.
The Finance Ministry is "actively considering" the proposal of splitting the CMD post in state-owned banks and it could be implemented from the next fiscal, sources said.
For the selection of non-executive chairman, a panel could be formed headed by Reserve Bank Governor, they added.
Other members of the selection panel will include Financial Services Secretary and experts in the banking sector, they said.
In line with private sector banks, there would be managing director and CEO with non-executive chairman.
Earlier, bifurcation of the CMD's post was also suggested by Reserve Bank to the Finance Ministry.
RBI had contended that CMDs of public sector banks enjoy absolute power along with boards.
The central bank had also said CMDs often dominate the board during their tenure and therefore it also recommended that the post of CMDs be separated to empower the board.
In PSBs, the top executive is designated as CMD, with the exception of the largest lender State Bank of India, where the top position is commanded by the chairman and there are four managing directors with clearly defined executive roles under them.
The posts of chairman and MD in the private sector are held separately.
RBI had set up a committee under the chairmanship of A S Ganguly in 2004-05 to study the issue of bifurcation of the post of Chairman and Managing Director in banks. The panel had recommended the bifurcation. Private sector banks in 2007 implemented these recommendations.
In August, Syndicate Bank CMD S K Jain was arrested for allegedly receiving a bribe of Rs 50 lakh to enhance credit limits of Bhushan Steel and Prakash Industries.
Besides, some officials of Oriental Bank of Commerce and Dena Bank were suspected of misappropriating funds worth Rs 436 crore from their fixed deposit customers.
Story first published on: December 04, 2014 16:25 (IST)

Want to Quit Your Company Read This FirstIIT-Delhi Students Turn Down $125,000 Offers
Passive candidates, meaning those who are employed, but not currently looking for a new opportunity, are the biggest draw for recruitment executives across the world, according to professional networking site LinkedIn's annual survey.
"Candidates which are great, happy in their current job and the current company is taking care of them... If you talk to HR, CXOs, these are the candidates companies want to hire," said Irfan Abdulla, director of talent solutions at LinkedIn India. ( Watch the full interview here )
According to LinkedIn research, around 60 per cent of the fully-employed workforce falls into this category.
Traditionally, for employers, reaching out to passive candidates was difficult and the only way to reach out to them was through staffing agencies or headhunters, Mr Abdulla said. But employers are now increasingly using professional networking platforms for reaching out to passive candidates, he added.
The other big takeaway of LinkedIn's survey is the marked improvement in hiring sentiment, which augurs well for millions of employees in the country. 79 per cent of human resource (HR) leaders told LinkedIn that hiring volume will improve this year as compared to 57 per cent last year.
"Achhe Din in Indian job market is coming to reality... The volume and budget for hiring is increasing in India," said Mr Abdulla.
Another important finding was Indian HR leaders are increasingly using social and professional networking platforms as a source for hiring talent. Mr Abdulla said that 44 per cent of HR leaders in India said that professional networking platforms are important for them as compared to 36 per cent last year. The global average was 38 per cent, he added.
The LinkedIn survey ranked Indian HR leaders No 1 in terms of data-driven decision making when it comes to talent acquisition.
The survey covered about 4,000 HR and talent acquisition leaders across the globe, including nearly 500 from India.
Story first published on: December 04, 2014 11:31 (IST)

Four IIT-Kanpur Students Turn Down Rs 1 Crore Salary OffersIIT-Delhi Students Turn Down $125,000 Offers
Kanpur: A desire for pursuing higher studies and professional fulfilment made four IIT-Kanpur students turn eight-figure salaries.
The decision of four students - three boys and a girl - came as a big surprise, especially when two of them settled for lower salaries to work in profiles which they found to be more suitable.
According to the chairman of the IIT-Kanpur placement cell, Prof Deepu Philip, the remaining two students have opted for higher studies over joining any company.
Mr Philip, who refused to divulge the names of the four students, said the offers were made on Wednesday by a multinational company during placement interviews.
"The offer to these four students was for a take-home of $150,000, or close to Rs 93 lakh per annum. Along with other incentives and perks, the size of the package was more than Rs 1 crore yearly," Mr Philip said.
"The girl student and one of the boys declined the offer saying it did not match their temperament and that they wanted professional fulfilment from their jobs. The two have accepted offers of Rs 50 lakh per annum from a smaller company.
"The remaining two students said they want to focus on higher studies and were, therefore, not keen on taking up the Rs 1 crore offer," added Mr Philip.
IIT-Kanpur kicked off its placement drive on December 1 and the placement drive will continue till December 24.
In one of the fattest pay packages offered to an IITian ever in campus placements, a student of IIT Kharagpur a few days back bagged a whopping annual salary of over Rs 1.5 crore. IIT Kharagpur authorities have refused to disclose details about the student or the company which made the offer, saying "this brings unnecessary attention to the student".
Story first published on: December 04, 2014 19:46 (IST)

Too much optimism over Budget; correction soon: Dimensions08:00 am
Ajay Srivastava of Dimensions Consulting expects the market to correct in January as he feels the market is getting too optimistic about the macro recovery and about the upcoming Budget.
In an interview to CNBC-TV18’s Latha Venkatesh and Sonia Shenoy, he says the excise duty hikes in fuel is a clear indicator of the stress being faced by the government in meeting revenue targets.
Srivastava is advising investors to be cautious while investing in midcaps as the gains in quite a few are unwarranted.
He is bullish on auto and cement and is negative on IT, which he sees underperforming the market in the coming days.
He feels state-owned banks in general are better trading bets than investment bets, though a handful of them may outperform privatye sector banks. He says much of the margin expansion for companies is being driven by lower raw material costs.
Below is the transcript of Ajay Srivastava's interview with Latha Venkatesh and Sonia Shenoy on CNBC-TV18.
Latha: No butterflies in the stomach when you look at the market going higher and higher with each passing day?
A: No, there are no butterflies in the stomach but it is very interesting to see the moths coming to the fire in the lower midcap category. It is very interesting; they need to be burnt again they will do so.
Latha: We have seen some quality names as well in the midcaps going, isn't it? We were talking about even stocks like Wockhardt ,  TVS has seen a come back. So, is that there is also value hunting?
A: There is a difference between value hunting and being overly optimistic. Some of the names you mentioned have a very checkered track record in terms of regulatory governance and in terms of performance. Actually if you look at how would you identify these guys? There is a moth to the fire. You look at the last three to five years governance, performance of these companies and you will find either the balance sheet or the management or something is seriously wrong in the companies. That is why they have been relegated to the backwaters of valuation.
You can buy them provided something is changing in those stocks. Just the fact that economy is changing and foreign institutional investors (FIIs) are investing and quantitative easing (QE) is on all over the world doesn’t dictate that these will go up in the same manner.
You already saw in October the correction which happened; some of the stocks, the bad ones, have still not come back to the same highs as October including some of the largecaps which tells you a story that at the end of the day whenever there is a correction the value stocks will remain where they are at least retrieve back and the other ones are going to perish and which is already seen from October to now from the lows. Some of the stocks have been distilled down 20-25 percent.
Sonia: Are you getting a sense that we are headed for a correction? You were making that point in our last interaction as well but since then things have changed for better, we have seen crude prices go lower, we have seen the macro situation improve, are you still feeling nervous about this market?
A: When I say we look for a correction in the month of January, there is overly optimism on behalf of the government in the budget. I think market has kind of ignored that real economic fundamental dictating and you saw the emergency to excise increases in the oil sector, which came into the last one month. That is telling you a stress story out there. You can have all the attentions of world ever how do you spend this kind of money, you can say I want to do this, this and this but the budget is telling you the government cannot spend this money that is one.
Number two, the government is banking on a trickle down theory. Of course, it can do without the distractions of parliament today but what it is also gearing up to the fact is that the trickle down theory has not worked. If the budget still sticks on to the trickle down theory, there will be huge opposition to it. So social sector allocation will be under immense scrutiny out there. So there is a lot of optimism for what the government can do in the budget, my fear is that optimism to a large extent is misplaced, the reality of the budget will look very different when it will be presented before the parliament.
Latha: How do you play the market at all, do you still keep the faith and get into the capital goods and some of the not so beleaguered infrastructure names as a good two-year bet?
A: If you look at it in a construct of the market, we believe that one of the sectors, which will underperform related to the market is going to be the IT sector. That should underperform the markets. So one would like to pare down the allocations to the IT sector. One would tend to increase the allocation to the large scale engineering sector at this point of time for the simple reason that any revival has to start from there. We would like to increase our allocation to the cement sector definitely because that is where the value is going to come. Automobile we will get a good share of the allocation because the cost of raw material should drop quite substantially in the months to come as the steel prices, aluminium prices trickle down into ancillaries and into lower procurement cost, either there will be expansion of margins or there will be reduction in price and therefore expansion in volumes, one of the two.
So one would tend to play sector by sector and go to the stocks but be very careful that we have to remove also some sectors in the markets, like I said IT will underperform given the market construct.
Latha: What about the PSU Banks? I mean we were just discussing with Udayan as well, 65 percent year-to-date(YTD) performance by the bank index and I think the PSU bank index did even better. That is double the gains you saw in the Sensex and the Nifty. Now is it time to say that enough is enough or do you think this outperformance continues may be for another two quarters?
A: Outperformance relative to the private banking sector may still continue in the select stocks for the simple reason that the valuation gap has gone up enormously. Although Udayan is little more positive than I am about these banks because really speaking these banks balance sheet are really in a bad shape. If the government is telling us let us restructure the power assets, let us restructure the infrastructure assets that is 60 percent of the portfolio. What do you want to do with a bank whose asset portfolio is 60-70 percent is restructured? What are they doing in the market? Look at the quality of the people, processes and systems. I always maintain PSU banks are a good trading opportunity, never a good investment opportunity; maybe it is totally biased. However I do not think you walk into a PSU bank, would you feel comfortable putting equity in that company? I would guess not.
Latha: I am only asking you if the trading pop continues; if there is still more juice in the trading strategy.
A: It is the best trading opportunity. There is a best trading juice in the opportunity and one of the best trading juice comes from, I am not being fictitious is the moment a chairman leaves you sell the stock, believe me the next result is going to bad. The new chairman, the next quarters results will be very good. You can track it down, believe me it has worked 100 percent of the time.
Sonia: Coming back to the point you were making about IT, in the last interaction we had, you told us that one should be looking at names like Tech Mahindra , Infosys , etc to buy and that was about 15-20 days back. What should one be doing now?
A: I am not saying don’t hold any IT stock, I am saying the allocation should be kind of paired down to an extent. These are good quality stocks that you have named but as a sectoral allocation you want to be low on IT if you expect the market to boom up because two things are happening one is that we don’t expect the rupee to go haywire in the short-term; that is one.
Two, if global economies are under whatever they are and needing QE and that is a pre-requisite to Indian market that means they are not doing well which means the demand scenario for this company is not exactly the most rosy. So, on two parameters these companies would weigh down.
Three, the rerating happening in the Indian economy plus the margin expansion. The raw material cost is going down. We will see not the result in December quarter but we will see in the March quarter. At least there should be a margin expansion if not a volume expansion in most Indian companies. So, you would tend to be on the side where the margin expansion is taking place with possibility of value expansion, rerating rather than sticking and putting more money behind regular stories happening; nothing new extraordinary is happening in IT sector.
It is a safe bet but I am saying for the next year you would get better buying for your buck if you are in other sector than IT.
Latha: The government or the Railway Minister is holding a meeting with some industry majors as well as some investors. He has an excellent track record of at least getting to the brass tags when he was a power minister 10-11 years ago. Never mind what happened after that and the sector got back into the mess. He has a way of going into the fundamentals and trying to set it right. How would you play this? The market knows only one way of playing it which clear is the moths to the fire logic, all of them running to the few handful of small rail stocks that is available. How would you approach it as an investor for the long haul?
A: On a serious note, these companies that you spoke on about are the typically always go up pre the railway budget. It is not today, we can track it for last 5-7 years and they always correct. That has been the pattern of these companies. Not saying that this will happen again but having said that any initiative by the government and I keep saying this requires money on the table. It is nice to say, I want to see this money on the table, I want to see Railway Budget allocations because if the companies are not getting paid for the project that they do for the railways who is going to invest in it.
The question really remains where is the money for this projects because no one can at least bet on these companies that they will get the best projects, they will get funding from railways or banks are going to fund. Incidentally, banks do not fund you against railway bills because there is no finality to when the payments comes.
So,  question is intentions are all good but is there money on the table to do these projects and therefore is this reach of these companies? The benefit of this railway will come to the bigger engineering companies not to the so called typical names or wagon industry etc, or railway lines who have been played before. They will come to the bigger engineering sectors who have the power to have  joint ventures aboard rather than local players.
RELATED NEWS

SBI cuts retail term deposit rates by 25 bpsDec 05, 2014, 03.19 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
SBI cuts retail term deposit rates by 25 bps
Term deposits for 1-3 years and 3-5 years has been lowered to 8.5 percent from existing 8.75 percent, while for 5 years and above it has been reduced to 8.25 percent from current 8.50 percent.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
SBI cuts retail term deposit rates by 25 bps
Term deposits for 1-3 years and 3-5 years has been lowered to 8.5 percent from existing 8.75 percent, while for 5 years and above it has been reduced to 8.25 percent from current 8.50 percent.
Post your opinion here
Halftime Report
India's largest public sector lender  State Bank of India  (SBI) has cut interest rates of three retail term deposits below Rs 1 crore by 25 basis points with effect from December 8. The move comes a day after two private sector banks -  ICICI Bank and  HDFC Bank - cut up to 0.50 percent in maturities of up to one year.
Term deposits for 1-3 years and 3-5 years has been lowered to 8.5 percent from existing 8.75 percent, while for 5 years and above it has been reduced to 8.25 percent from current 8.50 percent.
The above rates will also be applicable to NRE deposits for tenors of one year and above. This is the second time that SBI has chosen to cut deposit rates in the past 8-10 weeks.
However, the bank is not sure if it will at all lower lending rates anytime soon. VG Kannan, MD, SBI, says: "The liquidity is quite adequate in the system and therefore we felt that paying higher interest doesn’t make sense and many of the large high value corporates have been accessing the market at much lower rate."
Below is the verbatim transcript of VG Kannan's interview with Latha Venkatesh on CNBC-TV18.
Latha: Now that you have chosen to cut deposit rates twice in the past eight-ten weeks, would we hear of a lending rate cut sometime soon? When?
A: I cannot give the exact timeframe. We are actually looking at what benefit we will get from lowering the rate. The liquidity is quite adequate in the system and therefore we felt that paying higher interest doesn’t make sense and many of the large high value corporates have been accessing the market at much lower rate. Therefore, with a result that taking deposits at higher rates does not make sense any longer and other banks have also started reducing the deposit rates and inflation has also started showing a decline, maybe we will have to wait and watch for few months and the base rate maybe cut in due course but as of now nothing right now.
Sonia: What could the positive impact be on the margins for SBI?
A: We have not measured it but there will be impact but we have not measured it because we need to see how much is going to come by new deposits and we have already locked into deposit at the rate of 9 percent and 8.75 percent in the last three-six months. So as and when they mature, may be we will get the benefit of the cut. So we will have to see how the new accretion in deposits keeps coming.
Latha: What was the response to the cut from 9 percent to 8.75 percent? Did it have any dent on the flow of deposits?
A: We did not see much of a dent at all.
Sonia: You said that the base rate will fall in due course. When do you think the first base rate cuts would come in, will it be post RBI cutting rates in the first quarter of the New Year or do you think it could precede that?
A: We will have to see as to how credit offtake takes place. It is not simply a question of following the RBI. If the credit offtake is not much I think even this could be some scenario of a cut earlier. But more around we will have to wait till the RBI announcement comes in and then we will take a call after that.
Latha: But credit offtake has already been quite poor isn’t it. They have even been in single digits.
A: Yes infact credit offtake being lower is one of the reasons why we felt that there is no point in me taking deposits at higher rates.
Latha: So if it is so anaemic then why aren’t you all cutting lending rates? Also would lending rate cuts come more sectorally for instance in retail where perhaps it’s easy to entice people to buy a car and take a loan at a slightly lower rate?
A: As of now I think the rates are almost at the rock bottom. 10.15-10.25 percent - how much more can you cut rates, may be 5-10 bps but will that entice a huge increase in credits? I am not too sure. But yes there could be some place for examining cuts in retail loan rates.
Latha: How much will your margins improve say next quarter? You will have a fair idea of how much of your high cost deposits will mature?
A: I don’t have those figures fully.
Sonia: Which is the biggest bucket for you all in terms of deposits? Is it this one year to less than three years bucket?
A: If you see the rates which we have cut, you will be in a position to understand it.
Latha: For the sector when do you see the first lending rate cut?
A: If I use the words of the governor, calendar year 2015.
SBI stock price
On December 10, 2014, State Bank of India closed at Rs 295.90, down Rs 14.45, or 4.66 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 2977.85 and the 52-week low was Rs 291.05.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 15.70 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 18.85. The latest book value of the company is Rs 158.43 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 1.87.
RELATED NEWS

DIPP boost: L&T eyes orders worth $18-20bn in army  navy eachDec 05, 2014, 06.27 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
L&T eyes orders worth $18-20bn in army, navy each
MV Kotwal, Whole-time Director & President (Heavy Eng), L&T said that the involvement of private sector in defence sector has been very slow until now.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
L&T eyes orders worth $18-20bn in army, navy each
MV Kotwal, Whole-time Director & President (Heavy Eng), L&T said that the involvement of private sector in defence sector has been very slow until now.
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
The Department of Industrial Policy & Promotion (DIPP) has granted industrial licences to several defence companies. In tune with the Modi government’s ‘Make in India’ push, the DIPP has cleared most of the 34 industrial licence proposals stuck since 2012.
Speaking to CNBC-TV18 about the same, MV Kotwal, Whole-time Director & President (Heavy Engineering),  L&T said that the company sees strong orders coming from defence sector.
He added that the company has been present in this sector for almost 25 years and has expertise in building key warships and submarines.
Kotwal sees award opportunity of USD 18-20 billion in army and navy each.
Below is the verbatim transcript of MV Kotwal\\s interview with Anuj Singhal and Latha Venkatesh on CNBC-TV18.
Latha: What is L&T’s opportunity in the space?
A: The opportunities are absolutely huge. This is primarily because we have been in this Defence area for more than 25 years now and therefore we are very well prepared and positioned in all respects.
Latha: The proposal that was cleared by the DIPP, Pipavav Defence got some seven orders, Punj Lloyd aviation two, Tata Motors one, Piramal Systems one, we didn’t see any L&T name or orders over there, nothing pending with the government as of now, is it more a question of you are going to bid?
A: No. The announcement is about licenses to manufacture and not orders at all. These specific licenses stem from the fact that in 2002, the first time the government came open talking about involvement of private sector, they had asked for companies to apply for licenses and I must mention here that L&T was the first corporate and today the only corporate which has licenses to manufacture the entire range of defence equipment whether it is army, navy or air force, the entire range is already there with us since 2002. So what has happened and what has now been talked about is very recent applications when I say recent they are 2011 applications some of them have got cleared but this is only licenses to manufacture, that is nothing to do with orders. That will happen much later.
Anuj: Over the next three-five years how big is the defence opportunity for L&T, what is the current defence formation of your topline and going forward how much can it go up to?
A: I must give you a little perspective so that I can build up this entire answer. As I mentioned we have started this more than 25 years ago, we started laying the foundations of various not only investments in plant and machinery but also in developing people and technology for a whole wide range and that is why today we are in a position to bid for a wide range of complete systems and platforms.
When I say platforms, I am talking about full submarines, warships, tanks and such total vehicles. In addition to that when you come to systems, we need a lot of know-how in engineering and design. This has been well established at various centres in the L&T spectrum and we also have virtual reality facilities, which enable the frontend, design capabilities which no other organisation in India has. This is the kind of base we have and therefore today when we talk about potential, we are talking about coming to fruition of a huge efforts put in over decades. Now we see, potentially in the various areas of the army, the navy and of course the air force for various types of equipments.
If I were to quantify that, when you look at the army, we look at the next few years as a potential of more than USD 18-20 billion worth of systems, which are going to be available which are of interest to L&T and a similar number approximately is also there in the marine area. You total up all these, this is not numbers, we have to be having the capability, the capacity to tackle all these numbers and this is the other difference as far as L&T and some of the other companies where we have already put in place the investments. They are already ready for this kind of work and therefore we are quite confident that we will be able to meet the needs of the armed forces in future.
Latha: Actually the government has been a little wary or dragging its feet in involving private sector too much in defence equipment. At the moment what is your percentage of your revenues or orders that come at all from defence and what might it be five years down the line. That is what Anuj is trying to look at?
A: Look at the broader picture today our revenues in defence equipment. I am not including anything which is peripheral, which has also to do with huge civil project which we take upon. I am not talking about that. The core defence equipment is of the order of USD 0.5 billion, USD 400-500 million.
Now when we go forward in the next four to five years in any case we are absolutely confident it will more than double and then beyond that since there is a large number of projects as I mentioned in the pipeline which are going to stretch over some few more years this whole number from USD 1 billion can go to USD 3 billion in the following three years.
So, that is the kind of picture we are looking at. It is going to be a major growth story for the simple reason that we have built the necessary foundations and have the necessary people, which is the most vital thing. So that is the kind of numbers we are looking at, just in the case of core defence equipment.
Anuj: My analyst tells me that there is this big submarine order that is up for grabs and it is a big USD 8 billion and you have been shortlisted for that as well. How confident are you about bagging this order and what kind of order would this be in terms of revenues for your company?
A: When you talk about involvement of the private sector in general I must say that the progress has been very slow. However, in the case of submarines we have got fantastic opportunity in getting involved in the first nuclear submarine and that really has built a solid foundation for us. We have got ready facilities and trained manpower including all the necessary equipment for design and engineering in the lot for taking on the entire scope right from the detailed engineering to complete commissioning of full systems. This is the kind of scope we have got and therefore we are the only company other than MDL of course which has got the track record there is no other company which can claim anything to do with actual manufacture of submarines and we are not only manufacturing we have established all these capabilities which are well known.
That being the case, coming to your question about 75 projects we see as part of a continuum because way back in 2000 or so the government had already announced its intention of having two clear streams of submarine manufacture and then consolidating that into one Indian design going forward because the navy at that time had a perspective plan of having 24 submarines over 30 years. So we had very methodically built these capabilities right from that time and today we are absolutely in a position to take it on. So actually we are more than ready, we have got the capacities and capabilities and we are only hoping that the government takes that decision soon because we are absolutely in all respects ready to take the whole project on.
You talked about value, it will entirely depend on the final configuration but it would be probably in the range of about USD 8-10 billion, that kind of a number but we have to see how it comes. This is too early to really project a particular number, it will depend on how the government handles the entire scope. Of course some numbers have come out to the press but they are all approximate. One has to wait for the final RFP as they call it to describe exactly what they need and that is when we will get closer to the real numbers.
Latha: What about battery management systems and tactical communication systems. These orders are also being spoken about. Some such order has gone to BEL and it has subcontracted part of that to you. Where do you figure what are the numbers we are talking about, what are the systems we are talking about?
A: I must correct you again here, the tactical communication system was the first program which the government announced in the so called Make India category, the first one. And as part of the deal, part of the scheme actually they were to shortlist two companies or organisations to tackle this program. What we did in the tackle communication system way back in 2011 actually we have already been shortlisted as among the top two. One of them being BEL and the other being L&T led consortium which comprises L&T, Tatas and another companies.
So, these are the two which are already shortlisted. It is not one subcontract with the other. Independently these would develop these systems. So we are waiting for the clearances now and we proceed on that program and BMS would be in such program.
Latha: And what is the amount we are talking about?
A: There itself it would be about Rs 8,000-10,000 crore and then following that BMS will be an even larger program. There is an FICB program which had also come into this list. So these are major programs which is different from equipment which are already available. These are for futuristic requirements, new developments to be done and we are very proud of the fact that in the first program itself we got included, the tactical communication system. So we are just waiting for the final clearances and then we proceed with the development. That part, the development portion is going to be funded 80 percent by the government.
Larsen stock price
On December 10, 2014, Larsen and Toubro closed at Rs 1483.75, down Rs 19.25, or 1.28 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 1774.70 and the 52-week low was Rs 951.60.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 63.52 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 23.36. The latest book value of the company is Rs 362.41 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 4.09.
RELATED NEWS

Kareena Kapoor Khan to endorse campaign for children s benefitBy: Indo-Asian News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 5, 2014 5:55 pm
Bollywood actress Kareena Kapoor has been roped in to support Child-Friendly Schools and Systems (CFSS) campaign.
It is a joint initiative by DTH provider Tata Sky and Unicef, and Kareena, also the Unicef India celebrity advocate, will support the communication campaign for the initiative including promotional films, mailers and social media.
“I recently visited quite a few schools with UNICEF to see child-friendly schools and to meet some of the girls and boys who are benefiting from these programmes. I was inspired to see spaces which are child-friendly,” she said.
“These are places where children are full of joy when they interact with teachers, where children feel safe and secure and where interactive and creative tools are used to ensure that children are happy and learning,” the 34-year-old said in a statement.
Supporting the Unicef cause, Tata Sky will offer its platform to raise funds from subscribers facilitating the CFSS package.
“This initiative is an enabler as it leverages the wide outreach of Tata Sky in remote parts of the country and raises mass awareness on the need for quality education and inclusive learning,” said Louis Georges Arsenault, representative, Unicef India.

Cabinet clears amendment for plying e-rickshawsCabinet clears amendment for plying e-rickshaws
BS Reporter | New Delhi Dec 06, 2014 12:31 AM IST
The Union Cabinet on Friday approved an amendment in the Motor Vehicles Act to relax norms for e-rickshaw drivers.
Safety concerns had prompted the Delhi High Court to ban them and the issue had taken political overtones. The amendment will now go to Parliament for approval.
Under the Act, no person can be granted a learner’s licence to drive a transport vehicle, unless he has held the driving licence for a period of at least one year.
As most of the e-rickshaw and e-cart drivers do not have any licence, the existing provisions debar them from operating these for one year.
In order to remove this difficulty and facilitate plying of e-rickshaw and e-carts, the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways had proposed to amend the Act. The amendment will provide relaxation to e-rickshaw and e-cart drivers only.
In addition, the definition of e-rickshaw and e-cart has been included under the Motor Vehicles Act, 1988.
E-Rickshaws and e-Carts provide affordable and clean last mile connectivity in the transport system.
The Delhi High Court had on July 31 banned plying of e-rickshaws on the roads of the national capital saying “prima facie, they are a hazard to other traffic as well as citizens”.
Indian Trusts Bill
The Cabinet also cleared for introduction in Parliament a Bill providing greater autonomy and flexibility to trustees in taking investment decisions on trust money. The Indian Trusts (Amendment) Bill, 2014, will be introduced in the current session of Parliament to amend section 20 and 20A of the Indian Trusts Act, 1882, an official statement said.
Bill on environment
The Cabinet decided to withdraw a Bill on the environment following the report of a committee which recommended the legislation be brought afresh. Sources said the Bill could be brought to Parliament after incorporating relevant suggestions made by the  high-level government panel headed by former cabinet secretary T S R Subramanian.

Steve Jobs gives posthumous testimony in App...You are here: Home > Collections > Ipod
Steve Jobs gives posthumous testimony in Apple trial
AFP Dec 6, 2014, 08.38AM IST
Tags:
Apple
(Jobs' testimony from a few…)
NEW YORK: Three years after the tech world mourned his passing, Apple mastermind Steve Jobs was back from the dead Friday giving posthumous testimony in a video at a US antitrust trial.
Jurors in an Oakland court have been submerged since the beginning of the week in a debate over whether consumers who bought Apple's iPod between 2006 and 2009 were effectively forced to purchase their music from the California titan's online iTunes store.
Jobs' testimony from a few months before his death in October 2011 was played at the hearing Friday.
In excerpts published by online news site "The Verge," he said that Apple was "very concerned" about retaliatory measures that could be taken by record companies if songs purchased in iTunes and downloaded to an iPod were then copied onto somebody else's computer.
"We went to great pains to make sure that people couldn't hack into our digital rights management system because if they could, we would get nasty emails from the labels threatening us that they were going to yank the license," Jobs said.
He argued that "lots of hackers" were trying to break into the system, and as a result, Apple had to be constantly "revving the iTunes and iPod software, closing any holes that might be in it, or any problems it might have."
If these changes meant that competitors became locked out, then they were only "collateral damage," he said.
Plaintiffs in the class-action suit argued that the repeat changes prevented other online music stores -- and potentially less expensive ones at that -- from adapting their own systems fast enough for their music to be used on the iPod.
This, they said, meant iPod owners had to make purchases on iTunes. The plaintiffs are claiming $350 million in damages. US law allows the judge to triple that sum.
The trial continues next week. Jobs died at the age of 56 after battling cancer for several years. His death came less than two months after ceding company leadership to Apple's current CEO Tim Cook .
FEATURED ARTICLES

Some disinvestment this: PSUs buy over half of SAIL offer  LIC tops investors  listBiz leaders in manufacturing sector optimistic about next  year: Survey
State-owned financial institutions subscribed to more than half of the shares of steel major SAIL that were off-loaded by the Centre on Friday in its first divestment offer for the current financial year.
In all, the Centre raised around Rs 1,725 crore by selling 20.65 crore shares, representing 5 per cent of SAIL’s equity, at an indicative price of approximately Rs 83.5 per share.
A source close to the development told The Indian Express that of the total amount raised by the government in the SAIL issue, almost 55 per cent was invested by five leading financial institutions primarily led by Life Insurance Corporation that invested around Rs 700 crore. LIC alone subscribed to 40 per cent of the total shares on offer. The issue saw a subscription of 207 per cent.
Click here for graph
Another source also confirmed that LIC has invested around Rs 700 crore but added, “The allocation to LIC may be slightly lower than that as some bids were at a lower price.”
LIC’s MD V K Sharma confirmed the state owned insurer’s participation in the Sail OFS without elaborating further. Another MD, S B Mainak, who is in charge of LIC’s investments, refused to take any question.
A look into the last five major disinvestments done by the government shows that in two of them — Hindustan Copper (July 2013) and SAIL (March 2013) — state-owned financial institutions had subscribed to more than 50 per cent of the shares on offer and LIC was the major subscriber.
It is also learnt that State Bank of India and General Insurance Corporation invested around Rs 150 crore and Rs 50 crore respectively. Other government-owned financial institutions to participate were United India Assurance and Oriental Insurance.
Among domestic private sector players, ICICI Bank is learnt to have purchased shares amounting to close to Rs 100 crore. The FII participation in the issue was, however, limited. Global hedge fund players such as Seganti Capital (investment of close to Rs 100 crore) and Geosphere Capital (investment of around Rs 30 crore) were among the major players. Vanguard is also learnt to have participated with share purchase of over Rs 30 crore.
“While the issue has been subscribed, it lacks participation from major marquee global investors,” said a source while highlighting the overall weak interest in state-owned companies.
SAIL is only first among the list of companies where the government is looking to divest a part of its holding to raise funds to meet its revenue target for the year. The next in line are Coal India Limited, Power Finance Corporation, ONGC and NHPC. The Centre has set a target to raise Rs 43,425 crore from disinvestment in the current fiscal, which is crucial to fund the fiscal deficit target of 4.1 per cent of the GDP.
With weak investor appetite for these stocks, market experts feel that the government-owned financial institutions will play a major role in the divestment process this year too.
PSU stocks have lagged in performance even in a bull market that saw the Sensex rise by over 15 per cent since Narendra Modi led government assumed power on May 26.
While the broader markets rallied, the public sector index comprising 59 listed state-owned companies saw a 2.2 per cent decline in its value in the same period. This is as opposed to several other sectoral indices that have jumped anywhere between 10 and 50 per cent in the last six months. Market experts attribute the weak performance of PSU index to no visible management reforms in these enterprises contrary to the initial expectations. In fact, as many as 17 PSUs are without a chairman including the likes of CIL, PFC and NHPC.
A leading market expert said that the challenge is to turnaround the management, get them out of bureaucratic hands and make them professional.
TAGS: SAIL
More from economy
Tamil Nadu govt floats tenders for 11 lakh laptops The Tamil Nadu government has floated tenders for issuing about 11 lakh computers to students under the free laptop...

Robin van Persie  Wayne Rooney could start against SouthamptonBy: Reuters |
Posted: December 6, 2014 12:26 am
Southampton will be hoping Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal does not pair Wayne Rooney and Robin van Persie together in attack for Monday night’s Premier League fixture at St Mary’s.
Van Gaal said on Friday that Rooney would return from the knee injury that ruled him out of Wednesday’s 2-1 home win over Stoke City.
The United captain and Dutchman Van Persie have enjoyed a lot of success against Southampton in the past and may team up again, although Van Gaal can also call upon fit-again Colombia forward Radamel Falcao.
Rooney has struck five goals in as many starts for United against the south-coast club and Van Persie has also scored five against them including a hat-trick at St Mary’s two years ago.
Third-placed Southampton have lost their last two games, against Manchester City and Arsenal, but Van Gaal believes they can wind up in the Champions League qualifying positions at the end of the season.
“They have a very good squad,” the Dutchman told a news conference on Friday.
“I think they are able to finish in the first four but that’s also because I believe in the manager, in Ronald Koeman. I believe the cohesion there is good.”
The pair were involved in a high-profile bustup when they were at Ajax Amsterdam a decade ago.
“My relationship with Ronald Koeman doesn’t have to be described, that’s private,” said Van Gaal.
“We play against Southampton and we should talk about the team rather than the coach. After the game we can reflect on the relationship.”
United, one point behind Southampton in fourth spot, will be without Argentina winger Angel Di Maria because of a hamstring injury.

Michael Clarke to take fitness test todayBy: Press Trust of India | Adelaide |
Posted: December 6, 2014 12:40 am | Updated: December 6, 2014 9:03 am
Michael Clarke’s fitness will be put to test on Saturday even as coach Darren Lehmann hoped the skipper would be ready for the opening Test . “Yeah he’s pretty mentally strong. He was great with the Hughes family and held himself together really well, led the team really well,” Lehmann told reporters.”He flies in this afternoon, get him here tomorrow, get him batting and see how he goes. As long as he’s fine, he can do the running and bat at the level he needs to, we’ll be fine. We want our captain playing. It’s a simple as that,” he said.
Clarke has broken down emotionally after Hughes tragic death and has also been racing against time to recover from a nagging hamstring injury for the opening Test.
“I’m very proud of him but proud of all of them, the way they’ve handled it,” Lehmann said when asked about the way the skipper and the team have dealt with Hughes’ death after being by a bouncer last week. On whether returning to the field would help the players deal with their grief, Lehmann said: “We think so. Only time will tell. We lost a family member from our cricket community and now it’s a case of rallying around his family and the whole cricket family and get on with what we do well and that’s play some cricket,” he said.

http://usat.ly/1rXZCxVFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Chevrolet jazzes up Camaro SS with track package
PAHRUMP, Nev. --- Tearing through the twisty course of a desert raceway, there's a natural impulse to try to figure out how to make the car go even  faster. One way would be to learn to drive like a
Post to Facebook
Chevrolet jazzes up Camaro SS with track package PAHRUMP, Nev. --- Tearing through the twisty course of a desert raceway, there's a natural impulse to try to figure out how to make the car go even  faster. One way would be to learn to drive like a Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1zPbZjQ
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
4
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Chevrolet jazzes up Camaro SS with track package
USA TODAY's Chris Woodyard goes for a spin with Jim Campbell, General Motors' performance car and motorsports chief in the U.S., outside Las Vegas to put a Camaro SS with a track parts package to the test USA TODAY
Chris Woodyard , USA TODAY 8:15 a.m. EST December 3, 2014
Chevrolet Camaro SS is getting a new track package.
(Photo: Chevrolet)
172 CONNECT 55 TWEET LINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE
PAHRUMP, Nev. — Tearing through the twisty course of a desert raceway, there's a natural impulse to try to figure out how to make the car go even  faster.
One way would be to learn to drive like a professional. Nah. Easier to go the second route: Buy more parts to put a little more pizzazz in the car.
Knowing there are legions of loyal owners who like to upgrade their cars to make them more competitive — or at least look more cool — Chevrolet showed last month how it can add a suite of aftermarket parts that it says can make a difference.
The goal is  to put the "ultimate" in the track performance of a Camaro SS, a competent, though not the fastest, Camaro.
"Performance parts are a way of enabling owners to take the performance up several levels," says Jim Campbell, General Motors' U.S. vice president for performance vehicles and motorsports.
After a few hot laps, the point was well taken. A body kit makes the Camaro more aerodynamic. Added suspension parts make the car more stiff and hold flat in corners. It had beefed up brakes, a throatier exhaust and modifications that allow more air to flow into the engine and other upgrades. Some of the parts came from the more expensive ZL1 and Z/28 Camaros.
"It's about traction coming out of the corners and steering feel," says Brandon Vivian, executive director for chassis and performance.
Creating the "Ultimate Track Camaro SS" takes about $12,000, but Chevrolet officials say the package is less than half the  cost of buying parts individually for those who  opt to make the conversion gradually.
The extra performance also helps breathe new life into an aging model — even though it has held its own just fine against rivals Ford Mustang and Dodge Challenger. A new Camaro is rumored to be on the way.
172 CONNECT 55 TWEET LINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1zPbZjQ
USA NOW
Suspected family murderer has been found dead | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

Left parties to launch week-long campaign against Centre in TNLeft parties to launch week-long campaign against Centre in TN
PTI
Tweet
Chennai, Dec 6:  
The Left parties, CPI(M) and CPI has announced a week-long campaign, between December 8 and 14, in Tamil Nadu against the alleged anti-people measures of the BJP-led NDA Government at the Centre.
“The six-month tenure of BJP led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has made it clear that it is an anti-people regime,” CPI (M) State Secretary G Ramakrishnan and CPI State Secretary D Pandian told presspersons here.
The Left leaders said amendments to various labour laws allegedly favouring big corporates will “endanger” crores of labourers.
“Plans to privatise Public Sector Units, including the Railways, itself is on the cards,” and this is not correct, the Left leaders said.
Also, the programmes of the BJP like “imposition of Sanskrit” and “changes in education model” to inculcate Hindutva ideals could trigger communal clashes, they claimed.
As part of the propaganda, street-corner and public meetings and protest demonstrations would be staged.
(This article was published on December 6, 2014)
Related

DDA to e-auction CWG village flats in 40 daysSave precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Those looking for premium apartment units in Delhi may need to watch DDA's website because 214 flats from the Commonwealth Games village would be put up on sale here. While some final adjustments and last-minute consultations are on, officials in the Authority are now looking to carry out an e-auction of the flats within the next 40 days.
Such is the allure of the flats at present that sources say even members of Rajya Sabha are looking to get them as official residences. Delhi government and the income tax department have also asked the urban development minister to reserve some of the flats for its officials.
DDA has been looking at auctioning the remaining flats in CWG village for a while. The proposal, sent to the ministry of urban development, has been accepted only now, sources in the Authority said.
The last time DDA held auction of the flats was in 2012. "There were two motives for holding the auction then. One was to test the market and see if we can attract a good response, which we did. The second was to get rid of part of our inventory," said a senior official of the Authority. The auction being planned now is being held for the same reasons besides an additional one in that this time around DDA wants to get the best prices, he said.
In the 2012 auction, DDA sold 74 flats to the public and 156 to various central government departments and Delhi government, besides reserving 45 flats for its own officials. After the auction, the UD ministry reserved the rights of selling the CWG flats.
The per-square-foot cost to DDA for CWG flats in 2009 was around Rs 11,000, and the Authority sold it for Rs 22,000 in 2012. Going by the trend of the last three sales at the village, the current selling price per square foot is between Rs 18,000 and Rs 20,000. The last sale at CWG village happened three weeks ago when a five-bedroom flat was sold at Rs 5.3 crore.
CWG flats, once put to auction, would be one of the most sought-after properties in the capital. Owing to their location, security and exclusiveness, there are fewer properties that would compete with CWG flats at the same price.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow ET Real Estate on Twitter Follow

Apple says plaintiffs  iPods not covered by suit 
For want of an iPod, a billion-dollar lawsuit may be in jeopardy.
Apple attorneys are raising a last-minute challenge to a class-action lawsuit over the company’s use of restrictive software that kept iPods from playing music sold by competitors. Apple says new evidence shows the two women named as plaintiffs in the case may not have purchased iPod models covered by the lawsuit. Opposing lawyers disagree.
U.S. District Judge Yvonne Gonzalez Rogers said she isn’t ready to decide, but told both sides to file legal briefs as soon as possible.
Apple stopped using the software in 2009 and the case only covers certain iPod models purchased between September 2006 and March 2009.

TAGS: Apple IPod
More from industry

Tata Motors  M&M & others bag approvals to make defence gearsGovernment clears 10 proposals for manufacturing defence equipment
ET Bureau Dec 6, 2014, 01.26PM IST
(The licensing committee…)
NEW DELHI: The government has cleared 10 proposals for manufacturing defence equipment and explosives, besides several industrial licences of companies including Tata Motors, Punj Lloyd and Pipavav that had been pending for the past several years.
The licensing committee chaired by the department of industrial policy and promotion (DIPP) secretary Amitabh Kant on Tuesday cleared most of the 35 projects listed for grant of industrial licence.
Applications for defence production from major players like Piramal Systems and Technologies, Bharti Shipyard, Tata Motors, M&M, Bharti Shipyards, Punj Lloyd and Pipavav got approval, along with the permission to procure foreign direct investment.
FEATURED ARTICLES

This country  these peopleUpdated: December 7, 2014 14:54 IST
This country, these people
The Way Things Were; Aatish Taseer, Picador India, Rs. 699.
TOPICS
books and literature
Aatish Taseer’s new book is a powerful statement of our times.
Aatish Taseer’s new book The Way Things Were is not so much about a family but about a nation and a language. It’s a paean to Sanskrit, written from the perspective of a passionate and ultimately disillusioned Sanskritist. It’s a parable about modern India, owned in two different ways by two very different people. It is also at another level, simply, a lightly-veiled account of the rightwing-leftwing politics of today characterised on the one hand by an effete, failed modern-liberal outlook and on the other by a resurgent, strong and strident right. It’s an important book because it reclaims ancient and modern history for today’s Indian at a time when wil dly opposing versions lay claim to his attention.
Skanda is on his way from Manhattan to India with his father Toby’s ashes. Journeying back to the country of his childhood is a journey into his family’s story, but it is also really India’s story — its transformation from the frugal 1970s to the acquisitive 1980s to the brash 1990s. Of a people burdened by the yokes of the Emergency of 1975, the anti-Sikh riots of 1984, the Babri Masjid demolition of 1992 — memories that shadow their coming of age in the bright and shiny new India. Of Skanda’s mother Uma who represents materialism and practicality — in many ways the quintessential Indian characteristics; and his Sanskrit scholar father Toby who represents everything that is idealistic and ineffective, who ultimately fails because he believes in reflection more than action.
One of the most delightful features of the book is how it is steeped in Sanskrit — every second sentence wandering away into the cognates of everyday words like amavasya, which does not mean ‘moonless’ but a dwelling together (‘ama’ together + ‘vas’ to dwell); in other words the moon, lost in a night of togetherness with the sun, fails to appear in the sky. Or itihasa, history, a compound of iti-ha-asa ‘the way indeed that things were’. Or babhru with the same origins as brown. It goes on and on, a rich litany of the language, almost indeed running away with the book, but it is a charming conceit and Taseer draws you into his little word game by the sheer force of his erudition. You get goose bumps, for instance, when Skanda talks about the eighth century playwright Bhavabhuti’s Uttararamacharita, whose opening act shows Ram, Sita and Lakshman looking at their own story in the form of pictures on a gallery wall, and describes it as possibly the world’s earliest example of meta-fiction.
This is a book of ideas, and the three generations of Skanda’s family are merely vehicles to argue its many sides. It reminded me a bit of a Woody Allen movie, where people talk and intellectualise endlessly in a way that’s neither natural nor normal, but intensely enjoyable all the same because Taseer’s are the drawing room debates of today’s India. The book talks about our cultural schizophrenia, about how our deracinated pseudo-intellectuals have failed us, of a past we cannot ignore but which we would like to recall selectively so that it says the things we want it to say. It’s a book about reclaiming language and learning from the trash cans of history into which the Macaulays threw them, but at the same time about recognising that it requires courage, wisdom and unimaginable breadth of mind to identify and bring about a real renaissance. False renaissances like false gods are easy to worship and give facile and quick rewards. As the book says ‘… they say they want a Hindu renaissance, they have no idea what a Hindu renaissance would entail…’  
Uma’s character is a deeply insightful look into an Indian archetype — her father, the charmingly etched Brigadier, describes her as “a pragmatist… what is right in her eyes — what is moral, even — is simply what is, not what it should be”. A person such as Uma does not have the patience to understand fine feelings; she is apt to confuse it for weakness. So she finally leaves Toby, her quiet, classicist, ineffective husband (the satvic ‘brahmin’) for the aggressive and crude but far more successful and dynamic Maniraja (the tamasic ‘bania’).
Taseer indulges in these rather obvious stereotypes, types who are almost single-dimensional personifications of his ideas, but you are inclined to forgive him because you realise that it is the idea that is engaging you, the politics of the book, much more than the characters or the story. And Taseer transmits these ideas wonderfully. Toby, shocked by the Babri Masjid demolition, asks his son in horror “Who are these people, Skanda? Not Hindus, surely. Can you imagine? No culture in the world less anxious about place and time than ours.”

600 000 Filipinos flee as Typhoon Hagupit blows nearprint
Fishermen carry thier outrigger to higher ground in Legazpi City, south of Manila, ahead of the landfall of Typhoon Hagupit. (AFP Photo)
More than half a million people in the Philippines have fled from a powerful typhoon in one of the world's biggest peacetime evacuations as the storm churns towards central provinces that still bear the scars of a super typhoon 13 months ago.
Typhoon Hagupit was approaching eastern coasts on Saturday, with its eye 230 km (143 miles) east northeast of Borongan, in Eastern Samar province, the weather bureau PAGASA said.
The storm was downgraded to a notch below super typhoon category but could still unleash huge destruction with torrential rain and potentially disastrous storm surges of up to 4.5 metres (15 feet).
With winds of up to 195 kph (121 mph) near the centre and gusts of up to 215 kph (133 mph), the storm was moving slowly at 10 kph (6 mph) and was expected to hit Eastern or Northern Samar province early on Sunday.
More than 616,000 residents of low-lying villages and landslide-prone areas have fled to schools, civic centres, town halls, gyms and churches, the national disaster agency said.
"We call on residents to voluntarily evacuate because the forecast is there will be a storm surge," Sofronio Dacillo, head of the disaster agency in the island province of Biliran in the central Philippines, said on national radio.
Residents of Eastern Samar said rain was falling and their power was fluctuating on Saturday morning.
Hundreds of residents take shelter inside the provincial capitol of Surigao city. (AP Photo)
The United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction in Geneva said 200,000 people had been evacuated in the central island province of Cebu alone.
"Typhoon Hagupit is triggering one of the largest evacuations we have ever seen in peacetime," said spokesman Denis McClean.
Philippine Airlines and Cebu Pacific cancelled nearly 100 flights to central and southern Philippines on Saturday.
The eastern islands of Samur and Leyte, worst-hit by 250 kph (155 mph) winds and storm surges brought by Typhoon Haiyan in November last year, could be in the firing line again.
"I am afraid and scared," said Teresita Aban, a 58-year-old housewife from Sta. Rita, in Samar province, wiping away tears and trembling as she spoke. "We're prepared but still fearful, we haven't finished repairing our house, it still has tarpaulin patches and here comes another storm."
Haiyan, one of the strongest typhoons ever to make landfall left more than 7,000 dead or missing and more than 4 million homeless or with damaged houses.
About 25,000 people in Eastern Samar and Leyte still live in tents, shelters and bunkhouses more than a year after Haiyan.
About 10 million residents of the Bicol and Eastern Visayas regions of the central Philippines are at risk of flooding, storm surges and strong winds as Hagupit hits land.
AccuWeather Global Weather Center said more than 30 million people would feel the impact of the typhoon across the Philippines.
The weather bureau said 47 provinces were at risk of strong wind and rains.

China ex-security chief s fall cements Xi s ...Bo Xilai
(Former security chief Zhou…)
BEIJING: The Chinese Communist Party's decision to arrest and expel former security chief Zhou Yongkang is a bold step that demonstrates President Xi Jinping's determination to consolidate power "to a degree unseen" in decades, observers said Saturday.
Zhou -- who retired from China's all-powerful Politburo Standing Committee (PSC) in 2012 -- has been placed under a judicial probe for a barrage of charges including bribetaking and "leaking state secrets", the official Xinhua news agency reported.
The announcement early Saturday makes Zhou the most senior Communist Party official to be investigated since the infamous Gang of Four -- a faction that included the widow of founding leader Mao Zedong -- were put on trial in 1980.
In pursuing charges against Zhou, Xi "is breaking long-standing internal norms that had exempted the very top level of Chinese Party leaders from prosecution after they had left office", said Carl Minzner, an expert on Chinese law at Fordham Law School.
Zhou was a close ally of disgraced politician Bo Xilai, whose hard-charging approach led to his ouster from the party's top ranks -- a factor that experts say contributed to Zhou's downfall.
"In toppling... Zhou, Xi has solidified his power to a degree unseen since the beginning of the reform period" in the late 1970s, Minzner told AFP, adding that "the rules of the game have been changed, quite dramatically".
A key figure in China's powerful petroleum industry, Zhou became ensnared in Xi's much-publicised anti-corruption drive in July when he was put under investigation for "serious disciplinary violation".
Xinhua said the decision to expel him was made at a Politburo meeting on Friday, indicating that the move was approved by the party's innermost circle of leaders, including Xi.
Communist Party authorities have been waging an anti-graft campaign since Xi ascended to the leadership two years ago.
Official graft has caused widespread public anger in China, and since taking office Xi -- who proclaimed it a threat to the ruling party's existence -- has sought to present himself as a crusader against the scourge.
The campaign has netted high-level "tigers" as well as low-level "flies" -- although critics say the Communist Party has failed to introduce systemic reforms to prevent graft, such as public disclosure of assets.
According to the Xinhua report, which cited a Politburo statement, Zhou "abused his power to help relatives, mistresses and friends make huge profits from operating businesses, resulting in serious losses of state-owned assets".
In unusually frank language, the news agency also said that Zhou was found to have "committed adultery with a number of women and traded his power for sex and money".
Adultery is not illegal in China, but the Communist Party has for years been embarrassed by reports of its cadres keeping multiple mistresses.
Authorities said in June that officials guilty of affairs "could be removed from their posts, or stripped of party membership".
On China's online social networks, which are closely monitored by Communist Party censors, news of Zhou's expulsion was widely shared, with the Xinhua report on his arrest receiving more than 30,000 "likes" by Saturday afternoon.
Discussion of the case was tightly restricted, however, with fewer than two dozen responses allowed to the Xinhua story and comments critical of the ruling party apparently scrubbed.
Zhou's expulsion from the party had been rumoured for months, and a number of officials with close ties to the former security czar have recently been ousted from the party.
They include Ji Wenlin, Yu Gang and Tan Hong, all former secretaries to Zhou, according to overseas Chinese reports.
The dismissal of an official from the party clears the way for a criminal prosecution which usually leads to a guilty verdict at a trial, followed by a prison sentence.
  Jean-Pierre Cabestan, an expert on Chinese politics and law at Hong Kong Baptist University, said authorities would be wary of allowing a public trial for Zhou.
"There's always a risk with a public trial," he said, adding that party leaders may move to ensure that a Zhou trial is "more controlled" than the dramatic Bo proceedings, which included descriptions of a love triangle and details of the vast wealth amassed by the party's upper echelon.
Bo, who once headed the southwestern megacity of Chongqing, was sentenced last year to life in prison after a trial that exposed the lavish lifestyles of the party elite.
In addition to Zhou, Xi's anti-graft campaign has also led to the ousting of Xu Caihou, a former vice-chairman of China's Central Military Commission.
Xu, who was a Politburo member until 2012, in July became the first of the body's former members to fall in the current crackdown on graft, which follows the ascension of Xi to power as the head of the party.
Despite the crackdown, a recent report by Berlin-based Transparency International suggested that corruption has actually worsened in China, in part because "too many cases take place behind closed doors".
Michael Davis, a law professor at the University of Hong Kong, said that despite the anti-corruption drive, "party leaders really remain above the law".
"Generally, people in the world see that corruption is fought by free speech, a free press and transparency," he said. "But none of that seems to be in play here."
"We still don't see a real willingness to submit party leaders to the law in the normal fashion," he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

High-sugar diet in fathers can lead to obeseoffspringBy: Press Trust of India | Berlin |
Posted: December 6, 2014 3:19 pm | Updated: December 6, 2014 3:24 pm
Scientists have found that increasing sugar in the diet of male fruit flies for just 1 or 2 days before mating can cause obesity in their offspring. Research has shown that various factors that are passed on by parents or are present in the uterine environment can affect offspring’s metabolism and body type.
Investigators led by Dr J Andrew Pospisilik, of the Max Planck Institute of Immunobiology and Epigenetics in Germany, and team member Dr Anita Ost, now at Linkoping University in Sweden, sought to understand whether normal fluctuations in a parent’s diet might have such an impact on the next generation.
Through mating experiments in Drosophila melanogaster, or fruit flies, the scientists found that dietary interventions in males could change the body composition of offspring, with increased sugar leading to obesity in the next generation. High dietary sugar increased gene expression through epigenetic changes, which affect gene activity without changing the DNA’s underlying sequence.
“To use computer terms, if our genes are the hardware, our epigenetics is the software that decides how the hardware
is used,” said Ost. “It turns out that the father’s diet reprogrammes the epigenetic ‘software’ so that genes needed for fat production are turned on in their sons,” said Ost. Because epigenetic programmes are somewhat plastic, the
investigators suspect that it might be possible to reprogramme obese epigenetic programmes to lean epigenetic programmes. “At the moment, we and other researchers are manipulating the epigenetics in early life, but we don’t know if it is possible to rewrite an adult programme,” said Ost.
The research was published in the Cell Press journal Cell.

Vadodara: State vigilance seize fake dollars worth Rs 3.05 lakh  arrestonePosted: December 6, 2014 3:14 pm
 
A person carrying fake American dollar currency notes having a face value of around Rs 3.05 lakh was nabbed by a team of state vigilance squad from Vadodara. The accused, Mahesh Parmar, was carrying fifty counterfeit notes each of $100 denomination hidden among 1,279 original dollar notes of $ 1 denomination each.
The notes were handed over to Parmar by one Wasila (his full name is yet not known) at Alang, a port town with world-know ship breaking facility in Bhavnagar district, police said. Police are looking out for Wasila, whose identity is not yet known other than the fact that he hails from Odissa.
The state vigilance team had received tip-off about a person trying to deliver fake dollar to a yet unknown customer at Vasad in Vadodara and nabbed Parma from near the newly-constructed central bus depot at Sayajigunj locality late Friday night.
A case was registered against him and “absconding” Wasila at Sayajigunj police station on Saturday under sections 489(B)(C) and 120(B) of the Indian Penal Code, for possessing counterfeit currency and for being party to a criminal conspiracy.
The original 1,279 dollars of $1 denomination each has a current face value of Rs 78,019. Parmar also carried Rs 510 in cash other than a mobile phone worth Rs 500.
The accused was being interrogated to know about the person to whom the notes were to be delivered. Police were also trying to find out the identity of the person Wasila whom Parmar met at Alang to receive the consignment. A number of fake notes recovered from Parmar were color photocopy of original notes and bore same serial number.
“The state monitoring cell had received a tip-off regarding the transaction of duplicate dollar in Vadodara which was to be delivered at Vasad locality. Based on information, the accused was nabbed with the notes even before he could deliver the consignment. Further investigation is on,” said Joint Commissioner of Police, Vadodara, DJ Patel.

PK is a family movie: AamirKhanBy: Press Trust of India | Melbourne |
Posted: December 6, 2014 3:11 pm
Bollywood star Aamir Khan, who is awaiting the release of his upcoming film ‘PK’, says it is a complete family movie. In a bid to create pre-release buzz in Australia for the much-awaited movie, the 49-year-old actor revealed few details about the film to media here through video conferencing organised by the local film distributor company Mind Blowing Films.
“I have no scenes with Sushant Singh Rajput and it is a family movie. I did not have the opportunity to work with Sushant in this film,” Aamir said, adding his character is like Chaplanist. “It is a family movie and there is nothing objectionable in the movie. It has been seen by my mother and my kids,” Aamir said, while clarifying that his naked poster with a transistor on railway tracks is just a moment of the film.
In ‘PK’, Aamir would be seen sharing screen space with young star Anushka Sharma and Sanjay Dutt. “I must say that Anushka was a wonderful co-star to work with. With her I really enjoyed myself,” he said. Asked if he felt any sort of pressure while working with young actors who look up to him, Aamir said, “I don’t get pressured by young actors I work with. When I do the shot I’m in a moment.”
Without giving out details about the film, Aamir said although there is a lot of speculations about the film, ‘PK’ is essentially a drama. “It is not a political satire or any kind of satire.. but it is a film about how we are as people, essentially a drama,” he said, adding that director Rajkumar Hirani has tried to convey through humour.
Talking about his costumes in the film, Aamir said that the clothes have been picked up by various people. “All clothes I have worn have been picked up from someone. Costume designers were told that they have to walk around the streets and if they find something interesting they should request that person to give that in an exchange of money or other clothes,” Aamir said.
‘PK’ will hit theatres on December 19.

Consumers to soon get choice to select power discom: PiyushGoyalBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 6, 2014 3:10 pm
In a significant power sector reform measure, the government said it will soon make necessary amendments to the Electricity Act to allow consumers to choose their distribution company.
“Electricity Act has been in discussion for quite some time. The act was put up for stakeholders’ consultation. We have received various suggestions,” Power and Coal Minister Piyush Goyal told reporters here at a CII event.
“What we are looking at is allowing competition at last mile delivery so that consumers have a choice of supplier of electricity… it will also help states serve the people better,” the Minister said.
Goyal assured that wherever there are existing power purchase agreements, the interests of stakeholders will be protected in consultation with certain benchmarks set by the regulator.
The Minister said competition will be encouraged at the last mile in the interest of keeping tariff low, competitive and for better customer service.
On being asked about allowing end users of electricity to select their own power distribution firm, Goyal said it will be done gradually, adding that it was tried in Maharashtra but due to some court decisions it couldn’t go further.
There were some hurdles under the Electricity Act of 2003, he said when asked why the proposed model did not work in that state.
“We are trying to resolve those hurdles under the current amendment to the Electricity Act,” he added.

Express LOL: Action Jackson tongue in cheekreviewBy: Express LOL |
Posted: December 6, 2014 3:09 pm
Action Jackson makes Kick look like Citizen Kane. It feels like a collection of songs and fight scenes that each coincidentally happened to star Ajay Devgn and Sonakshi Sinha. When the least unfunny moment of a movie is the heroine thinking that seeing the hero naked portends good luck, you know you’re in for a long afternoon.
Our Express LOL reporter went to the red carpet premiere, as usual, and met his fair share of celebrities. First, the man who wrote the modern blueprint for these kinds of movies, Rohit Shetty, answered a couple of questions.
Next, he communicated with the shade of Michael Jackson, the only man who could out-dance Prabhu Dheva all day, every day.
Our third interviewee was the star of the movie herself – Sonakshi Sinha (the word ‘star’ is used in its loosest possible sense).
Finally, it was the turn of Rajinikanth, a man for whom it seems that the script of Action Jackson might have been written.

J&K: 14-year-old domestic help steals AK-47  open fires inmarketBy: Express News Service | Jammu |
Posted: December 6, 2014 3:07 pm
A labourer was killed and a police constable injured when a 14-year-old boy opened fire from an AK-47 rifle in Marble Market near Trikuta Nagar here late last night.
Identified as Ishfaq of Gool in Reasi district, the boy had decamped with the service weapon of a police constable Badar Din who had come to the house of his sister, also a police constable, at Channi Himmat. The boy was working as a domestic help at latter’s house.
Pointing out that Badar Din was deployed as PSO with a Congress leader Zulfikar Ali, police said that Ishfaq fled along with his rifle around 7 pm when the constable went to the toilet at his sister’s house leaving the service weapon on a table outside. He boarded a matador and went to Narwal where he hired an auto and asked the driver to take him to Trikuta Nagar.
On finding his rifle missing, Badar Din immediately informed the police who alerted all the nakas. During their hunt for the boy, police came to know that he had boarded an auto from Narwal towards Trikuta Nagar and they started chasing him.
In the meantime, the auto driver noticed the boy carrying a rifle inside his jacket and became suspicious. He drove him towards marble market and jumped out of the vehicle, and ran away taking advantage of darkness.
As Ishtiaq did not know driving, he too came out of the auto but, on finding the police chasing him, he ran towards a labour colony and took refuge in a jhuggi. On finding a stranger intruding into their jhuggi at night, the children inside started crying.
He first asked them to keep quiet, but as they did not respond, he opened fire injuring their father Lamgua, 50, who had come here in search of job from Chatterpur in Madhya Pradesh. He also opened fire on the police party chasing him, injuring a constable Riaz Ahmed, PSO of SHO Channi Himmat police station.
After firing a few bullets, the boy threw the rifle and tried to escape through a nearby nullah. However, he was arrested by police after a hot chase, while the injured labourer succumbed to injuries at a hospital.
While Ishaq is being questioned to find out about his militant links, constable Badar Din too has been taken into custody. The shootout took place less than 24 hours after multiple attacks by terrorists killed 13 including eight Armymen and three police men in the Valley.

Khatron Ke Khiladi brought out the fitness enthusiast in me: MeiyangChangBy: Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 6, 2014 2:56 pm
Singer-actor Meiyang Chang, one of the participants at “Khatron Ke Khiladi – Darr Ka Blockbuster Returns”, says that stunt-based reality show has helped him in bringing out the fitness enthusiast in him.
“I’m perhaps the laziest person on the earth but ‘Khatron…’ has brought out the latent fitness enthusiast in me,” said Meiyang.
The singer-actor is one of the few faces in the show who utilises his free time in working out along with other participants- Iqbal Khan, Ashish Chowdhary and Hussain Kuwajerwala.
“If I am not working out with Ashish, Hussain and Iqbal in the gym, I am doing something or the other in between shoots,” added Meiyang.
The shooting of the reality show is currently underway in Cape Town.

India forex reserves up USD 1.432 bn to USD 316.311 bnDec 06, 2014, 03.08 PM IST  | Source: PTI
India forex reserves up USD 1.432 bn to USD 316.311 bn
The foreign currency assets, a major constituent of overall reserves, increased by USD 1.424 billion to USD 290.822 billion, RBI said.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
India forex reserves up USD 1.432 bn to USD 316.311 bn
The foreign currency assets, a major constituent of overall reserves, increased by USD 1.424 billion to USD 290.822 billion, RBI said.
Post your opinion here
 
The country's reserves surged by USD 1.432 billion to USD 316.311 billion in the week to November 28 due to rise in foreign currency assets, RBI data showed Friday.
In the previous week, reserves had declined by USD 672.4 million to USD 314.878 billion.
The foreign currency assets, a major constituent of overall reserves, increased by USD 1.424 billion to USD 290.822 billion, RBI said.
Foreign currency assets, expressed in dollar terms, include the effect of appreciation and depreciation of non-US currencies such as the euro, pound and yen held in reserves.
The country's gold reserves remained unchanged at USD 19.738 billion.
Special Drawing Rights (SDRs) increased by USD 6.4 million to USD 4.229 billion, while the country's reserve position with the IMF also rose by USD 2.5 million to USD 1.521 billion during the week, the RBI data showed.
RELATED NEWS

The Edge: Manufacturing DNA to cure illnessesDec 06, 2014, 02.47 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
The Edge: Manufacturing DNA to cure illnesses
CNBC visits researchers in Oxford, UK, who are working on slowing or restoring the loss of sight by creating healthy DNA for the human retina.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
The Edge: Manufacturing DNA to cure illnesses
CNBC visits researchers in Oxford, UK, who are working on slowing or restoring the loss of sight by creating healthy DNA for the human retina.
Post your opinion here

Al Qaeda Boss Linked to NYC Subway Bomb Plot Killed: Pakistanal qaeda boss linked to nyc subway bomb plot killed: pakistan
SkinsCast: Weekend rain likely to depart before chilly kickoffComments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
All comments are posted in the All Comments tab.
Get a badge
To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in.
Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
Spam

UK tourist spots that celebs love4 Tourist Spots in Britain That Celebs Love!
Visit Britain Travel – India –  Sun 30 Nov, 2014 5:56 PM IST
Share 0
Written by K.C. Dermody
When's the last time you spent a day snapping photos with the Royal Guard outside Buckingham Palace or attempted to rub elbows with the UK's royal couple, Kate Middleton and Prince Will?
If you plan on visiting Great Britain, why not check out these celeb- approved vacation spots, where Britain's most notable like to rest and relax! From England to Northern Ireland and Scotland, you're sure to have an amazing experience by choosing one or more of the following wonderful destinations.
St. Andrews, Scotland
For golf lovers and Kate and Will stalkers, St. Andrews is the ultimate destination. Not only do many British Royals consider this a beloved place to spend their holiday, this hideaway is a favorite for billionaires and celebrities who vacation in the city that's considered the home of golf.
Prince William and Kate Middleton fell in love at St. Andrews University, the oldest university in Scotland, which is also known as "Britain's top match-making University." The beautiful royals have returned to the picturesque village for many romantic holidays and longtime Hollywood power couple Michael Douglas and Catherine Zeta-Jones have spent quite a bit of time playing the famed St. Andrews Old Course, founded back in 1764. Samuel L. Jackson, Kevin Costner and countless other celebs have visited here, as well.
Cotswolds, England
If you are looking for a destination that is 'quintessentially English' -- head to the Cotswalds, where you might just run into residents of the region, Kate Moss, Kate Winslet and Nicolas Cage. The area is said to be home to more stars per acre than anywhere outside the capital! Visit the sleepy ancient limestone villages and historic market towns for an authentic English vacation experience with some of the best unspoiled regions in England. Just a few of the tourist attractions here include a number of museums, parks, Sudeley Castle, Warwick Castle, and of course, in Bath you can wander through the 2,000 year-old Roman Baths.
British celebs aren't the only ones who've tapped this scenic region as a go-to vacation spot! Beyonce and Jay-Z were spotted in a coffee shop and browsing antique stores in the beautiful historic town of Bath!
Yorkshire, England
If you love the beach and trust the judgement of Ron Weasley, Yorkshire, England, is the spot for you. Situated on the northeastern English coast, here you'll find sleepy seaside towns, including Bridlington with ancient narrow streets and winding alleyways, as well as an ideal place to surf! Rupert Grint, the famous redhead from the "Harry Potter" films has asked, "Why anyone would go surfing in Bondi when they could go to Bridlington Beach, in Yorkshire?"
Who needs Malibu and Matthew McConaughey when you have Rupert and Bridlington?
The Witchery by the Castle - Edinburgh, Scotland
The Witchery is a luxurious dining destination, as well as a tourist attraction, located next to Edinburgh Castle in Scotland's spectacular capital city. Many celebrities have dined here, including Jack Nicholson, Michael Douglas, Catherine Zeta-Jones, Jacques Villeneuve, Ewan McGregor, Pierce Brosnan, Dannii Minogue, Matt Groening, and many more.
The Witchery is not just a restaurant, it's steeped in history, taking its name from the hundreds of women burned at the stake at the stake as witches on Castlehill during the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries. Edinburgh is a must for those visiting Great Britain, and for those who would like an opportunity to spot a celebrity while experiencing the utmost in opulence, don't miss The Witchery.

When a bouncer ended a careerMore
The bouncer that ended a career
In 1962, India's captain, Nari Contractor, was left critically ill after being hit on the head by a West Indian fast bowler.
By Martin Williamson | ESPNcricinfo –  Sat 6 Dec, 2014 10:33 AM IST
Tweet
0
Nari Contractor.Batting has often been dangerous since the earliest days of the game and, as the tragic events of the last fortnight have shown, even in the modern era of padding and helmets, it retains that edge.
Mercifully, serious injuries are rare, but in 1962, India's young captain Nari Contractor was left critically ill after being struck on the head by West Indies fast bowler Charlie Griffith. He made a remarkable recovery and while he did return to the game, he was never again picked for his country.
Contractor, a left-hand batsman, made his Test debut as a 21-year-old in 1955-56 but did not really come to the fore until the late 1950s, when he scored his only Test century against the Australians in Bombay. When he was appointed India's captain in 1960-61, he was the youngest to hold the position, and a year later he led the side to a historic series win over England.
He was picked to lead India to the Caribbean in 1961-62 but it proved a tough trip from the off. West Indies won the first two Tests by large margins and Contractor's form was poor: he managed 26 runs in four innings, although he did fare better in the tour matches.
After defeat in the second Test, at Sabina Park, the Indians travelled to Barbados for a game against a side that boasted the fearsome pace attack of Charlie Griffith, Wes Hall and George Rock.
The 23-year-old Griffith was an unknown quantity outside the region; his only Test appearance had come two years earlier. However, he had a reputation.
Contractor recalled a cocktail party when Frank Worrell, the West Indies captain, warned him about what to expect. "As we had so many injuries before the game, [Frank] suggested that it would be better to get out than getting hit. Frank said Griffith was crude and impolite. He cited an example of him hitting an 18-year-old batsman on the head and he didn't even apologise to him, so Frank told us to take care."
Though he originally intended to miss the game, the squad's injury problems meant Contractor had to play. Winning the toss, Barbados scored 394.
Contractor and Dilip Sardesai began the Indians' reply shortly before lunch on the second day and headed into the break relieved that Griffith, in his only over, had not seemed to be the beast they had been warned about. As they walked back to the pavilion, Sardesai turned to Contractor and smiled. "Fast, my foot."
Sardesai fell to Hall for a duck in the first over after the interval and was replaced by Rusi Surti. Griffith resumed the next over to Contractor and the first ball was short and whistled past the batsman's nose.
Surti immediately shouted down the pitch to his captain that he thought Griffith was chucking the ball. Contractor replied that in that case he should tell the umpire. The next two deliveries were as quick, and off the fourth he was almost caught at short leg off a defensive prod.
The fifth ball has been endlessly discussed, and there are two sides to how it is recalled. Some say it was a bouncer, others that it was just short of a length and Contractor ducked into it.
Wisden was clear. "Contractor did not duck into the ball. He got behind it to play at it. He probably wanted to fend it away towards short-leg, but could not judge the height to which it would fly, bent back from the waist in a desperate, split-second attempt to avoid it and was hit just above the right ear."
Contractor slumped to his haunches, clutching his head. Within a minute he had started bleeding from his nose and ears. He was helped from the middle by Ghulam Ahmed, the Indians' manager. In the pavilion, Contractor changed his bloodied clothes but the bleeding continued and he was rushed to hospital.
Back in the middle the match continued. Soon after, Griffith hit Vijay Manjrekar in the nose and he too had to retire hurt.
At the hospital, Contractor's condition worsened. He was throwing up, and was losing movement on the left of his body. That evening Ahmed gave permission for an emergency operation to be carried out. The local surgeon was not a specialist (the neurosurgeon did not arrive from Trinidad until the next morning) but he did enough to relieve the pressure on Contractor's brain. In stabilising him, it bought enough time to enable the neurosurgeon to carry out a second operation when he finally appeared.
In the course of the surgeries Contractor lost a lot of blood and several players - including Worrell, Chandu Borde, Bapu Nadkarni and Polly Umrigar - donated theirs to help him.
"Worrell's gesture, coming from the opposition, showed the game transcended boundaries," Borde said. He also recalled that "the lights went off as the [first] operation was going on. We thought that was a bad omen. It took three to four hours. That was miserable."
An upset Griffith also visited the hospital at the close of play. The players had not been made aware of the seriousness of the situation until the end of the day.
Griffith also had other problems. India, who had been skittled out for 86, followed-on, and almost immediately he was no-balled for throwing by the square-leg umpire, Cortez Jordan. The crowd vented their anger on the official, while Griffith said he "bowled at half-pace, like a robot". Presciently, he admitted that he feared he would be labelled as a bowler who hurt a batsman by chucking.
Back at the hospital, Contractor was still not out of danger. He regained full consciousness after six days and spent some time recuperating in Barbados with his wife, who had flown in to be by his side, before returning to India. Before he did so, Griffith said Contractor told his wife, who had gone to visit him: "Charlie is not to blame… it was all my fault."
There were widespread calls to ban bouncers completely in the aftermath of the incident, but Contractor, speaking a month after being hit, said he was against such proposals. "I wouldn't like to create a situation that would allow anybody to point a finger at me and say, 'Because he was hit, he is a crybaby.' If the ICC decide to ban or curb the bouncer, let them do so. But let them do it because they think it is good for cricket. I don't want to end my career in a mess of complaints."
Looking back last month, Contractor told the Hindu: "Those were days when there were no helmets, no restriction on the number of bouncers in an over and no restrictions on beamers either. The pitches were uncovered. But it was the same for everyone then and we were prepared for the challenge. No complaints."
Contractor was advised to retire, but he was determined to play Test cricket again. He returned to the first-class game after ten months but was not picked for India again. The selectors, he later said, were afraid of what might happen were he to be hit on the head again. Ahmed, by then the head selector, asked Contractor's wife how she could allow him to continue. "The very fact he is here today is his destiny," she replied. "Who am I to tinker with his destiny?"
Griffith went on to play 28 Tests for West Indies and was reckoned to be one of the fastest bowlers of his generation. He was only no-balled twice in his career - once in this match and again in 1966 in a tour match against Lancashire - but unease over his quicker ball dogged his career. "You could almost put one hand in your pocket and play him," former England batsman Brian Close said, "and then suddenly one would come at you four yards quicker."
India were beaten by an innings against Barbados. They went on to lose the Test series 5-0. Contractor was replaced as captain by the 21-year-old Nawab of Pataudi
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

YSRC leader joins BJPYSRC leader joins BJP
Massive evacuation as Typhoon Hagupit nears PhilippinesMassive evacuation as Typhoon Hagupit nears Philippines
Pakistan has become a major irritant in world peace : BJPPakistan has become a major irritant in world peace : BJP
China arrests ex-security chief for corruption  leaking secretsChina arrests ex-security chief for corruption  leaking secrets
ICICI Bank ties up with price comparison app ZopperICICI Bank ties up with price comparison app Zopper
Hollande to meet Putin in Moscow: Russian agenciesHollande to meet Putin in Moscow: Russian agencies
...in fy13  bilcare had shown rs785.1 crore as capital work in progres...Gold Member
28 Followers
Bilcare added Rs685 crore as fixed assets under tool & equipment, which is about 20% of the company`s total assets, even as its sales tumbled 45% and the company reported a loss of  Rs121.5 crore
Pune-based Bilcare Ltd, which once counted ace investor and trader Rakesh Jhunjhunwala as an investor, reported a net loss of Rs121.5 crore for FY2014 compared with a net profit of Rs6.57 crore previous year. However, despite suffering heavy losses, mainly on 45% fall in sales at Rs401.4 crore, the company has added a massive Rs685.4 crore under tool and equipment in fixed assets. Incidentally, this amount is about 20% of its total fixed assets
In reply to : rajeshkannand message
3.24 PM Dec 6th

That was last year same monthPlatinum Member
33 Followers
one question to you.As you claimed as a trader I think SMA is also a factor you count.Minimum SMA of JPA is 200SMA of RS55 & Maximum SMA is 50SMA of 72.So short term SMA is higher than long term SMA.Generally stock price has a trend to break those level.So can anyone expect to touch 72 in next 200days.Being long term investor also i have belief that JPA has potential to go to 72 within next 200 days.Am i correct?If correct then why go to take risk in day trading when my investment is guaranted to be 2.5 times in only 200days as per chart analysis also.Moreover it is interesting to see that 50SMA of Rs72 is higher than 200 SMA of Rs55 that means it have broken many times 200SMA of RS55.So if one atleast get 55 from here it is much to me as it means double of investment from current level.So my answer to question of pranabkishore is that you may expect atleast Rs55 within June2015
In reply to : futuretrader81 message
5.51 PM Dec 6th

If you hold you have to sell it 71.8Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Five iconic Indian vehicles that we may never see againFive iconic Indian vehicles that we may never see again
By Rd. Alexander |                              Last Updated: Wednesday, November 19, 2014 - 23:55
0
Share on Twitter
South Korean major automaker Hyundai Motors became the latest car company to reveal that they will discontinue the production of their iconic Santro, a car that has become synonymous with the company.
Launched in October 1998, Santro went on to become the 'Sunshine Car' of over a million Indian households. However, it will be driven into the sunset with the company planning to focus more on new products such the i10, i20 and the Eon series.
Santro is not the first car to fall in this category. So, let's take a look at some of the major Indian vehicles that we may never see again.
Hindsutan Ambassador: One of the most iconic cars of the country, a prominent symbol for the rich and powerful, Hindustan Ambassador was the pride of India. Manufactured by Hindustan Motors of India, it was first produced in 1958 and is the longest produced car in the country.
Easily identified by its white colour and on more than one occasion - a red beacon (as it was a prominent choice of politicians and bureaucrats), the Ambassador had a great share of the Indian auto market, i.e. till Maruti Suzuki came up with the Maruti 800.
Fondly known as "The King of Indian Roads", the production of Ambassador has been suspended by the company since May, 2014.
Maruti 800: With over 2.6 million units sold, the Maruti 800 is easily the iconic small car of India besides being the second longest production car after the Ambassador.
Perhaps, Maruti 800 revolutionised small car industry in the country. During its production period in the eighties and the nineties, Maruti 800 became synonymous with the company's name - Maruti. There was no Indian road where it was not seen. It was also exported to South Africa, Nepal, Bangladesh and selected European markets where it was sold under Maruti Suzuki.
The company, however, began a phase out of Maruti 800 beginning in April 2010. It was the bestselling car in the country until 2004 when Alto, a new small car from the same company, took over the coveted title.
Bajaj Scooter: The 'Hamara Bajaj' campaign jingle will live forever in the ears of our parents and grandparents. It was a campaign that made the Bajaj Chetak (Bajaj Scooter) a household name in the country.
Named after the horse of the legendary warrior Rana Pratap Singh, Bajaj Chetak was produced by Bajaj Auto and was easily the most affordable means of transport during the time for millions of Indian families.
However, in 2009 Bajaj decided to exit the scooter segment and concentrate more on the popular motorcycle segment. Today, while Bajaj Pulsar is considered the most popular bike in the India, one cannot forget the fact that there was a 'Hamara Bajaj' Chetak scooter and it set the trend of two wheeler sale.
Hyundai Santro: The South Korean company became the latest automakers to announce the end of road for its iconic family car, the Santro, in India.
Santro was a car that became synonymous with the company as much as Maruti 800 was for Maruti.
Launched in October 1998, it became an icon and a household name in the country after Bollywood superstar Shah Rukh Khan was introduced as its brand ambassador.
Today, the Santro is the highest selling model for Hyundai Motors. However, the company plans to focus on other products such as the i10 and Eon. With this, the company will drive the Santro into the sunset by the end of November.
Toyota Qualis: Innova is the new Qualis, considering that Toyota decided to replace the latter with the former.
It was in February 2005 that Toyota Motor Corp, the Japanese automaker, decided to stop production of its money spinner Qualis and replace it with a higher-breed, Innova.
Why Toyota replaced Qualis with Innova is a question that has left many wondering, but there is no denying that Qualis was one of the most trusted multi-purpose vehicles in the segment.
First Published: Wednesday, November 19, 2014 - 19:46
0

Recalls Aside  Automobiles Becoming Safer Than Everrecalls aside  automobiles becoming safer than ever
Protests Outside Bar That Boycotted Rams Over  Hands Up  GestureProtesters Demonstrate Against Sports Bar That Boycotted Rams Over 'Hands Up' Gesture
Posted:
reddit
ST. LOUIS -- Demonstrators gathered Tuesday night outside of a sports bar that disavowed the St. Louis Rams after a few players on Sunday made the "hands up" motion that has become synonymous with support for Michael Brown, the teenager shot and killed by a police officer in August in the nearby suburb of Ferguson.
Protesters demonstrating after the bar posted that it would no longer support the St. Louis Rams.
On Monday, Time Out Sports Bar & Grill posted on its Facebook page that it would no longer support the football team "due to the bone headed 'hands up, don't shoot' act by the number of Rams players." The post said all signs and photos of the Rams would be removed from the walls. "We need to stand up to thugs who destroy our community and burn down local businesses, and boycott the other thugs/organizations who support them," the post read.
The restaurant later posted again, saying it was "not taking sides in the Ferguson tragedy" and supports peaceful protest and free speech, but disagreed with the Rams "bringing the protest to a nationwide professional sporting event."
A few dozen protesters gathered at around 6 p.m. on Tuesday outside one of Time Out's locations in St. Louis. Wearing Rams jerseys and hats, the protesters chanted "We are Rams fans" and "We want service." Protesters said a man who identified himself as a co-owner of the bar came to the door during the demonstration.
The group then moved to a second Time Out location nearby, repeating the protest. Protesters blocked the entry to both bars by standing on the sidewalk in front of the doors. They stayed at each bar for about 30 minutes.
Police organizations in the St. Louis area have expressed disapproval with the Rams players' show of support, with one organization even calling for the five black players involved to be disciplined . St. Louis County Police Chief Jon Belmar claimed on Monday night that a top Rams official apologized for his players making the gesture, but the official disputed that account, saying he only expressed remorse about how the demonstration was interpreted.
Additional reporting by Ryan J. Reilly.
More:

YUYA SHINO / Reutersyuya shino / reuters
U.S. Experiences Unprecedented Slowdown In Health Care SpendingU.S. Experiences Unprecedented Slowdown In Health Care Spending
Posted:
reddit
The amount the United States spent on health care went up last year by the smallest amount since federal scorekeepers started tracking these dollars half a century ago, according to an audit issued Wednesday. The news might come as a shock to Americans struggling to keep up with rising costs.
Combined spending on health care by households, businesses and the government rose 3.6 percent to $2.9 trillion in 2013, the fifth straight year it increased by less than 5 percent following decades of faster growth, the Office of the Actuary, an independent office within the federal Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, reported in the journal Health Affairs . Health care accounted for 17.4 percent of the whole economy, the same as in 2012.
To Americans facing ever-higher health insurance premiums and bigger out-of-pocket costs at the doctor’s office, hospital and pharmacy, however, these promising trends may seem at odds with their own lives and household budgets.
There’s a disconnect between the big-picture numbers and people’s perceptions because Americans’ wages aren’t rising , meaning health care costs eat up more of people's incomes , and because insurance plans increasingly require patients to pay a bigger share of the bill when they use the health care system, said Larry Levitt, senior vice president at the Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation.
“The fact that health care spending growth has been so low for a number of years now does trickle down to what people themselves are actually paying out of their own pockets,” Levitt said. “The problem is, even when health care spending is growing so slowly like this, when people’s incomes are stagnating, it still doesn’t necessarily feel so good.”
Even as the national numbers look rosier, the conditions for consumers seem about the same. Last year, households were responsible for 28 percent of health care spending -- like insurance premiums and out-of-pocket costs -- the same share as in 2010, the new audit shows.
Still, the broad benefits of less health care spending growth to the U.S. economy and the federal budget are clear: Less of the economy devoted to health care means more money that can be spent on other things consumers and businesses want. Lower growth in spending also eases the burden on taxpayers funding programs like Medicare and Medicaid.
The lower rise in national health care spending in 2013 was the result of a mix of factors, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services actuaries report. These figures account for the prices paid for health care and the amount of services and products people used.
Spending on health insurance, Medicare, hospitals, physicians and patients’ out-of-pocket expenses rose more slowly than in 2012, as did overall prices for medical care and products. But spending on prescription drugs and Medicaid grew faster in 2013 than the year before.
The Office of the Actuary expects these record-low rates of increase won’t continue forever . Spending is projected go up faster this year and in the near future, though it’s still expected to be slower than during prior decades. U.S. health care spending more than doubled from 2000 to 2013, and it increased more than by a factor of more than 100 since 1960.
Health Care And The Economy Grow Together, And Apart
This year, the agency projects health care spending will increase more than 5 percent to $3.1 trillion , driven in part by faster economic growth and in part by new Obamacare spending on subsidized health insurance and Medicaid coverage for millions of people , according to a separate report published in September.
The causes of the slowdown and what the future holds for health care spending overall and individual consumers can’t be precisely pinned down with the information available, Levitt said. “Everyone’s crystal ball is fuzzy, so there’s no telling for sure what’s going to happen,” he said.
The Office of the Actuary maintains, as it has for several years, that slower growth is mostly the result of hangover from the Great Recession that ended in 2009 and the sluggish recovery that followed, and that the spending growth will tick back up when the economy strengthens. During economic downturns, workers lose jobs -- and with them, pay and insurance -- and use less health care. When those jobs and benefits return, past experience shows health care spending tends to increase more quickly again.
But that explanation can’t account for major changes occurring in the U.S. health care system, starting with the Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare, which became law in 2010. Although the report issued Wednesday doesn’t account for the millions who gained health coverage this year because of Obamacare and the spending that resulted, the law had direct and indirect effects on the health care system before 2014.
President Barack Obama credits the law that bears his name with part of the slowdown in health care spending increases, and the government actuaries partly agree. According to the report, cuts in Medicare payments to health care providers and insurers and other policies in the law helped constrain spending last year. But the actuaries also note other parts of the ACA, like improved Medicare prescription drug coverage, increased some spending.
The effects of Obamacare and of health care companies operating more efficiently are hard to measure, making it impossible to prove whether the current period of slow spending growth is just a dip related to the recession or a more promising development, Levitt said.
“There is something else going on here,” Levitt said. “It sounds like a cop-out to say that we can’t quantify the effects of the Affordable Care Act or changes in health care delivery, but that doesn’t mean it’s not true,” he said. “There’s reason to be cautiously optimistic that the kinds of structural changes that have occurred in health care will help keep cost increases lower in the future, even if the economy improves.”
Who Spends All That Money?
Who Gets All That Money?
More:

Child Care And Education Costs Are Off The Charts. Literally.reddit
The costs of educating and caring for children just keep soaring.
Just check out this chart from a recent Brookings Institution analysis of consumer price data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics, showing how various costs have changed relative to median U.S. household income in recent decades:
There are several striking things on this chart. For one, the costs of energy, gasoline and hospital services are rising far more quickly than income. Meanwhile, the prices of appliances and personal computers have fallen. And the price of a new car has risen a lot more slowly than income.
But the most jaw-dropping thing is the dark blue line that charts the rise in child care and tuition costs. That line goes so high it doesn't even fit on the chart. So we refigured the chart, in an effort to show just how goddamned high child care and tuition costs have gotten:
Child care and tuition costs include elementary, high school and college tuition and fees, as well as child care and nursery school, according to the BLS.
Here is a graphical representation of what that means for parents:
Though they're not shown on the chart, other important prices are also outstripping income, including rent, legal and professional services, and hotel rates.
"These large sectors and the high prices they charge are contributing heavily to the slipping economic position of American households," the Brookings analysts wrote.
The households they're referring to are low- and middle-class households, which suffer more when the costs of necessities rise. That has added to the pain of the slow destruction of the middle class in recent decades. It has also been a drag on the U.S. economy, which depends heavily on consumer spending. As the Wall Street Journal noted in its own analysis of consumer price data, the meteoric rise in the costs of health care, rent and education has led to a slowdown in spending on clothing and entertainment. As a result, large retailers and restaurant chains are struggling to get customers to spend.
More:

Gas Prices Drop Below $2 a Gallon in Oklahomagas prices drop below $2 a gallon in oklahoma
British vlogger Zoe Sugg beats JK Rowling with bestsellerJindal Power moves SC, says being ‘doubly punished’, can’t pay fine
A British video blogger has sold more than 78,000 copies of her first book in a week, beating established authors like JK Rowling and Dan Brown.
“Girl Online” by 24-year-old Zoe Sugg set a record for sales of a debut novel in Britain, the media reported today, citing records that have been kept by Nielsen BookScan since 1998.
Sugg, better known as “Zoella”, started out in 2009, handing out beauty and fashion advice on YouTube to a legion of fans via her video blogs or “vlogs”.
Her account has six million followers, mainly teenagers. One of them, a 13-year-old girl, persuaded her publisher father – Penguin Random House director Tom Weldon – to give Zoella a two-year contract.
The result is a novel about the feelings of a young adolescent with a blog. The rights for the book have been sold in 25 languages.
“I’m legit blown away by this. I never in a million years thought that so many of you would pick up a copy of Girl Online. Almost wanna cry,” she tweeted.
TAGS: Girl Online JK Rowling Zoe Sugg
More from industry
IIT-Guwahati prof accused of rape by office assistant, held The dean of academic affairs at the IIT here has been arrested for allegedly raping an office assistant, a senior police officer said on Tuesday. “A case was registered against IIT Guwahati Professor Alok Kumar Ghosal at the Panbazar Women police station here… He was brought to the police station for examination last night and […]

Britain launches new  Google tax  on multinationalsJindal Power moves SC, says being ‘doubly punished’, can’t pay fine
The British government slapped a new tax rate on multinational companies that seek to avoid paying their fair share to Treasury coffers.
The levy — nicknamed the ‘Google tax’ because of the high number of technology firms seeking to avoid tax — will come into force in April, finance minister George Osborne said in a budget update.
“Today I am introducing a 25 per cent tax on profits generated by multinationals from economic activity here in the UK which they then artificially shift out of the country,” Osborne told lawmakers in his so-called autumn statement.
“That’s not fair to other British firms. It’s not fair to the British people either. Today we’re putting a stop to it.”
Osborne had already warned in September that he would launch a crackdown on multinational firms that use complex corporate structures to lower their tax bills in Britain.
The announcement comes amid simmering public anger over the tax affairs of multinationals like US technology giants Amazon, Apple,
Facebook and Google and coffee group Starbucks, who seek to shift their profits from higher tax countries to those with lower tax rates.
“We will make sure that big multinational businesses pay their fair share,” said Osborne today.
“Some of the largest companies in the world, including those in the tech sector, use elaborate structures to avoid paying taxes.”
He added: “My message is consistent and clear. Low taxes; but taxes that will be paid.
“Britain has led the world on this agenda. And we do so again today.”
The new Diverted Profits Tax will seek to raise more than USD 1.6 billion over the next five years.
Osborne also revealed a crackdown on the way that banks offset their losses from the financial crisis against tax on profits.
The banking rule change is expected to raise nearly 4.0 billion pounds more in tax revenues over the next five years.
The Chancellor added it was “totally unacceptable” that banks were able to offset their losses in order to avoid paying tax.
“The banks got public support in the crisis and they should now support the public in the recovery,” he told parliament.
TAGS: Google Tax
More from industry
IIT-Guwahati prof accused of rape by office assistant, held The dean of academic affairs at the IIT here has been arrested for allegedly raping an office assistant, a senior police officer said on Tuesday. “A case was registered against IIT Guwahati Professor Alok Kumar Ghosal at the Panbazar Women police station here… He was brought to the police station for examination last night and […]

Give Rs 15 000 to Get Rs 5 Cr  Scamsters Pose as RajanYou are here: Home Industries
Give Rs 15,500 to Get Rs 5.50 crore, Scamsters Pose as Raghuram Rajan
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 04, 2014 18:15 (IST)
Up to 7 No Production Days a Month Till March: Mahindra
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has alerted the public against scamsters who are using the name of its chief Raghuram Rajan to defraud them. In cases that have come to light, scamsters have been found luring victims into making a cash deposit of Rs 15,500 on the promise of bagging a winning amount of Rs 5.50 crore. The scamsters claimed that the 'lottery' amount is part of funds given to the RBI by the British government.
In an email, purportedly sent by Dr Rajan and ending with his "hearty congratulations" message, the victims were informed that their names were selected after the RBI chief's meeting with the United Nations General Secretary Ban Ki-Moon.
Asking the email to be kept confidential "for security reasons", the scamsters also provided name and details of a money transfer manager, with a purported employee ID card of an RBI Chief General Manager.
The RBI has said that such fictitious offers typically try to defraud the victims by using its name and are also being used as an attempt to get their personal and banking details.
After another fraud that recently came to light, the RBI recently cautioned the public that fraudsters were promising to issue credit cards in the name of the central bank. Explaining the modus operandi, RBI said that the victim is sent a credit card which allows money withdrawal up to a certain limit from a bank account. Having gained the confidence, the fraudster gets the victim to deposit a huge sum in the same account and once the money is deposited, the card stops working, the RBI added.
The RBI warned that such efforts are meant to defraud the victim and clarified that it does not carry out any business with an individual, whether through bank accounts, credit or debit cards, online banking or transfer of funds from abroad.
Story first published on: December 04, 2014 17:24 (IST)

Its looking like a rough flu season this yearA flu virus binds to cells in the respiratory tract. (Centers for Disease Control and Prevention)
This post has been updated.
Anticipating a severe flu season, the government on Thursday recommended immediate vaccination for anyone who hasn't taken that precaution and urged people who come down with the flu to seek anti-viral medication from their doctors.
The flu has already killed five children, and the predominant strain of the virus circulating now was associated with severe outbreaks, including larger than normal numbers of deaths and hospitalizations, during three flu seasons over the past 11 years, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention announced.
The anti-viral medications oseltamivir (Tamiflu) and zanamivir (Relenza) may be particularly important this year. A CDC study of the flu viruses now circulating showed that the vaccine may have limited effectiveness against more than half of the most common one, H3N2, the CDC said.
This flu season could be a doozy. The CDC is warning that the flu vaccine isn’t as effective this year. The Washington Post’s Lenny Bernstein explains why. (Pamela Kirkland/The Washington Post)
Yet fewer than 1 in 6 people infected by the flu virus are treated with anti-viral medications, CDC Director Thomas Frieden said.
Anti-viral drugs "aren't a substitute for vaccine. Vaccine prevents flu," Frieden said. "But anti-virals are an important second line of defense … and this year treatment with anti-viral drugs is especially important."
That is particularly true for children under age 2, adults older than 65, pregnant women and people with other health conditions that leave them more vulnerable to the flu, including asthma, cardiovascular disease and diabetes. Residents of nursing homes and the morbidly obese also should receive the treatment.
Frieden noted that anti-viral drugs work best if they are taken within two days of infection and urged patients and doctors to turn to them quickly. He also emphasized that people with the flu should stay home to avoid spreading it.
Before each flu season, experts try to predict the kinds of virus that will circulate in the United States and drug companies produce vaccines with three or four components to combat them. But the effort is always something of a guessing game and this year, tests  are finding that more than half the H3N2 viruses are antigenically different from the vaccine component, or "drifted" from it, in CDC parlance. The vaccine still should provide some protection against those viruses and will be effective against the others, according to the CDC.
The "drifted" virus was first detected in March, too late to be included in this season's vaccine, Frieden said.
H3N2 viruses predominated during the flu seasons of 2003-2004, 2007-2008 and 2012-2013, when the largest number of deaths were recorded over the past decade. The flu is still at low levels in the United States, but 1,228 confirmed cases were reported to the CDC during the week that ended Nov. 22.
"The flu is unpredictable," Frieden said. This is "likely to be an H3N2 predominant season … and H3N2 predominant seasons tend to have more hospitalizations and more deaths."
Lenny Bernstein writes the To Your Health blog. He started as an editor on the Post’s National Desk in 2000 and has worked in Metro and Sports.

Oil price fall horrible for North SeaFall in price of crude will be ‘horrible’ for North Sea
Christopher Adams in Aberdeen
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d4668426-7bdb-11e4-a695-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Investment focus: opportunities in China© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/17e841ec-7594-11e4-a1a9-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Legendary jurist VR Krishna Iyer passes awayLegendary jurist VR Krishna Iyer passes away
Our Bureau
Justice VR Krishna Iyer during his 100th birthday celebration at Kochi.
"When he spoke, the nation listened"
Kochi, Dec 4:  
Legendary jurist VR Krishna Iyer, who made judicial activism respectable, died here on Thursday afternoon after a lifetime spent fighting for human rights and justice for the weak.
The former Supreme Court judge was in hospital for a week for age-related complications and pneumonia and the cause of the death was renal and cardiac failure. The funeral will be held here at 6 pm on Friday.
‘Justice Krishna Iyer’, as he was always called, turned 99 last month, and the event was celebrated across Kerala as his centenary because he had entered his 100{+t}{+h} year.
Krishna Iyer, whose wife Sarada died 40 years ago, is survived by two sons.
Vaidyanathapuram Rama Iyer Krishna Iyer was born on November 15, 1915 at Sekharipuram, a suburb of Palakkad town, to Rama Iyer, a successful lawyer.
Legal acumen
Inspired by his father, Krishna Iyer studied law and started practising at Thalassery, which was an important outpost of East India Company. Soon he became known for his legal acumen and built up a brilliant career.
He successfully defended several communists when the movement was banned. In 1952, he was elected to the Madras Legislature (at the time, northern Kerala was part of Madras Presidency).
In 1957, he was elected to the Kerala Assembly as a Communist Independent and he joined EMS Nampoothirippad’s first Communist government in the State as Minister for Home, Law, Irrigation and Prisons.
Though the EMS government lasted only two years, Iyer made a lasting impact as a minister, particularly in the area of prison reforms. His steps to uphold prisoner rights are lauded even now, 55 years after the government was dismissed by the Centre.
Though he was a member of the Communist government, Iyer later said he had never been a communist. He did, however, imbibe many of the movement’s values.
He has always been considered a communist co-traveller, nevertheless.
Anti-establishment judge
Iyer was made a judge of the Kerala High Court in 1968 and became a member of the Law Commission in 1971.
He was elevated to the Supreme Court in July 1973 and retired in November 1980. He was considered an anti-establishment judge.
His Supreme Court days are noted for brilliant judgments on a variety of issues. His judgments on death penalty, public interest litigation and human rights have been lauded the world over. It is said that more than 100 Ph.D. theses have been written on Iyer’s contributions to Indian jurisprudence.
“When Krishna Iyer speaks, the nation listens,” was how Fali S Nariman once described him.
Social causes
After his retirement from the Supreme Court, Iyer spent two years in Chennai before moving to Kochi in 1982. Then began a socially-effective phase of his life when he got involved in myriad issues, mainly those related to human rights.
The rights of adivasis, women and minorities; environmental protection; secularism; and religious amity were some of the issues that received his attention. During the last quarter of his life, Iyer used his moral force with the government and the political establishment to correct policies as well as redress people’s grievances.
At one time, he was the patron of more than 100 organisations and associations. He also wrote books, mainly on law and justice, and frequently contributed to The Hindu on issues related to the judiciary.
(This article was published on December 4, 2014)
Related

RagLite: Chicago film-production veterans  answer to dark settingsIndiegogo sees itself today as a platform to empower people to fund projects they love. Like other businesses that look to innovate and evolve, it sees itself in the future as even more. ( Amina Elahi )
They started an Indiegogo campaign that seeks $25,000 by Dec. 19. Their campaign, which launched on Oct. 22, has raised more than $17,000.
“Lighting is difficult,” Soderholm said. “If you don’t have good lighting, it just looks like a garage operation.”
The RagLite can be hung, held, put over objects or attached with Velcro to a stand. In places that charge fees for equipment on the ground, Soderholm said lights could even be strapped to production assistants. Prices on the campaign start at $72 for a 6-inch by 6-inch light with equipment, but other sizes and types are available.

Faulty early warning system could hide next exploding air bagClassified Autos
Faulty early warning system could hide next exploding air bag
An airbag logo is seen on a steering wheel of Honda Motor Co's all-new hybrid sedan "Grace", which installed the airbag made by Takata Corp, during its unveiling event in Tokyo
Toru Hanai, REUTERS
NHTSA asks automakers to comply with TREAD Act, which is intended to alert public of auto recall issues.
Updated law forces automakers to submit accident reports showing connection between injury and safety defect.
NHTSA, Congress urges automakers to report more than bare minimum of deaths and injuries.
WASHINGTON — An early-warning system set up by the U.S. government is designed to protect drivers from auto defects but narrow industry reporting requirements mean regulators could miss the next exploding air bag.
Under a 2000 law, automakers are legally obligated to file reports of deaths and injuries from the public so safety officials can spot the kind of defects that require recalls. Data compiled by Bloomberg show some companies are more forthcoming than others.
8
General Motors, eager to demonstrate proactivity in the wake of the biggest recall in its history, has disclosed 102 death and injury reports per 100,000 vehicles sold so far this year. By contrast, Honda has disclosed 2.4 reports per 100,000 vehicles sold this year. Last week, Honda said it failed to disclose 1,729 death and injury reports over 11 years, including eight linked to air bag deaths or injuries.
Wednesday at a hearing before the House Energy and Commerce Committee, the top auto safety regulator asked all carmakers to audit their compliance with the law. Meanwhile, congressional leaders are pushing the industry to comply not just with the letter of the law but the spirit too.
"Our intent was clear: manufacturers should provide as much helpful information as they can so we can help save lives," said Rep. Fred Upton, a Michigan Republican who co-authored the law. "Reporting the bare minimum doesn't cut it."
0
When asked about the difference in frequency of the early-warning data numbers, spokespeople for GM and Toyota said they report more data than required as part of their safety strategy. Last week, Honda disclosed it has been underreporting those claims and is modifying its practice to capture more data. Ford, Chrysler Nissan. Hyundai and Kia said in statements their reporting meets current legal requirements.
In 2000, Congress passed the Transportation Recall Enhancement Accountability and Documentation Act, or TREAD, after reports that Bridgestone Corp.'s Firestone tires were disintegrating in hot-weather states, causing Ford Explorer SUVs to roll over.
At the heart of the act was the early warning system, which for the first time gave the public access to industry safety data. When plaintiffs' lawyers are contacted by accident victims, they search the data to see if there's a pattern or if the accident is a rare occurrence that can't be linked to other incidents or a possible defect.
Lawyers may reject cases or plaintiffs might accept small settlements because they have no knowledge of other similar incidents, said attorney Hank Didier, who represents the family of a Florida woman who looked as though she'd been knifed after being killed by shrapnel from an exploding airbag.
Lawyers handling claims related to air bag and other defects identified 10 incidents in recent cases that they say never showed up in the early warning system.
The law only requires an incident be counted if it is a written claim, such as a lawsuit, or a written notice other than a lawsuit that has been delivered to the automaker or one of its representatives. Automakers aren't required to include media articles or claims received by telephone, for example.
In March, Democratic Sens. Edward Markey of Massachusetts and Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut introduced the Early Warning Reporting System Improvement Act.
Markey and Blumenthal said the legislation would require automakers to automatically submit accident reports and documentation showing how they connected fatalities to alleged safety defects. It would make more information publicly accessible and force the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration to make its website searchable.
In recent months, NHTSA's acting chief, David Friedman, called representatives of a dozen automakers to Washington to make clear they need to cooperate with regulators and respond more quickly to evidence of defects, including in early-warning reports. In a phone interview, he said that the industry must stop "fighting with us" and "put safety first."
The data compiled by Bloomberg covered 56,000 deaths and injury complaints filed by the eight largest U.S. automakers from 2003 through the first half of this year (see attached chart).
GM and Toyota, which both vowed to reform safety procedures after defects linked to deaths and injuries, lead the industry. Since 2010, when Toyota was criticized for under-reporting its own defects, the automaker has reported more claims than most other automakers, trailing only GM this year with 76 reports per 100,000 sales.
In a statement, GM said it was committed to "both the spirit and the letter of the law." Toyota prefers to "over- report claims," said Cindy Knight, a spokeswoman.
Of the eight companies analyzed, Honda, Chrysler and Nissan posted the lowest number of early-warning reports versus their sales, the data show.
Honda's admission that it failed to report more than 1,700 claims from 2003 through this year may prompt NHTSA to impose a $35 million fine on the Japanese automaker. Honda blamed the underreporting on "inadvertent data entry or computer programming errors."
"Honda's failure to report as required by law deprives NHTSA of the ability to protect the public," said attorney Didier, who represents the family of Hien Tran, the 51-year-old Florida woman whose air bag death was originally investigated as a murder because of the severity of the cuts to her throat. "That is why this is so harmful. You're also depriving safety advocates like us to see if there's a pattern."
 
_ Green reported from Southfield, Michigan, and Fisk from Detroit.
 

Three Ways America Should Respond to the Ukraine Crisisreddit
With thousands of regular Russian troops in Ukraine and tens of thousands massed on the border , the danger of further Kremlin aggression in Ukraine is high. America must work urgently with its European allies to find a stronger and more effective response to deter this threat. Based on strategic analysis and long diplomatic experience, we offer here three basic principles that should guide America's response to this international crisis.
First, we recommend that America should meaningfully recognize its obligations to Ukraine under the 1994 Budapest Memorandum on Security Assurances .
In this agreement, Russia, the United States and the United Kingdom committed to support Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity in exchange for Ukraine's relinquishment of the Soviet nuclear weapons in its territory. The cause of nuclear nonproliferation will suffer throughout the world if American security assurances, which were offered in exchange for a country giving up nuclear weapons, are subsequently found worthless when the country faces aggression. We want the world to see that Ukraine's peaceful surrender of nuclear weapons has earned it access to conventional weapons when it truly needs them to defend its borders.
America should make clear that its assistance under the Budapest Memorandum involves delivery of defensive weapons because Ukraine's borders were violated and further aggression is looming. Such assistance would be provided immediately and could include anti-armor, anti-aircraft, anti-missile and intelligence-gathering equipment. Such assistance would raise the price of a possible grab by the Kremlin or its surrogates for the port city of Mariupol or for additional territory in the Luhansk and Donetsk Oblasts. Mr. Putin is very vulnerable here. Polls by Moscow's Levada Center over the past few months show that over two-thirds of the Russian people do not want Russian soldiers fighting in Ukraine . The United States should inform Moscow that the flow of such equipment would stop once Russia fully implements its commitments under the Minsk process: withdraws Russian fighters (regular soldiers and "volunteers") and military equipment from Ukraine; and respects Kyiv's full control of the Donbass, including its side of the Russia-Ukraine border.
Second, to ensure alliance solidarity and to further encourage Mr. Putin to cease his aggression, America should make a strong conditional offer that, once the Kremlin has fully implemented its Minsk commitments and Ukraine has complete control of the Donbass, the United States would pledge not to support Ukraine's membership in NATO. This condition would require a Kremlin understanding in some form that Ukraine has the right to establish any non-military relationship with the European Union that the two sides may find acceptable, and ongoing Russian respect for Ukraine's sovereign choices and territorial integrity.
This offer would directly address Russian security concerns about NATO expansion. But by demanding Russia's basic respect for Ukraine's borders, it would enhance Ukrainian security quickly in ways that the theoretical prospect of NATO membership cannot. We can understand that Moscow would strongly object to NATO advancing on its borders, but this proposal should reassure Moscow in a way that does not guarantee Russia's security at the expense of its neighbors' insecurity.
The most important force for the defense of Ukraine is the patriotic valor of its people who have faith that they can be better served by a sovereign independent Ukraine. Political reforms that strengthen their faith can do more for the future of Ukrainian independence than military hardware.
Thus, our third recommendation is that the United States should encourage Ukraine's leaders to fully implement the reforms that they promised in their election manifestos, and give the people of Ukraine a more accountable government that will serve them better in the future.
It is disturbing that there has been so little progress toward reform, even after a commanding majority voted for fundamental reform in Ukraine's recent parliamentary elections. The United States and its European partners should remind President Poroshenko and Prime Minister Yatsenyuk that our support for Ukraine's stressed economy will be contingent on their implementing a fast and effective reform program.
Roger Myerson is the Glen Lloyd Distinguished Service Professor at the University of Chicago and was awarded the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences in 2007.
John Herbst is director of the Dinu Patriciu Eurasia Center at the Atlantic Council and served as U.S. ambassador to Ukraine from 2003 to 2006.
Close

Russia allows import of buffalo meat fromIndiaRice cultivation in east India is ‘net carbon sink’
After months of discussion and inspections of plants, Russia has decided to import buffalo meat from India. As Russia, Kazakhstan and Belarus have common customs standards, the buffalo meat would soon be shipped to these three CIS countries.
Sources told FE that a formal announcement would be made during Russian President Vladimir Putin’s visit to India next week.
As per formal protocol to be signed, customs union of Russia, Belarus and Kazakhstan will import buffalo meat from four designated plants located in Uttar Pradesh and Maharashtra.
Sources said buffalo meat would be exported from meat processing units at Aligarh, Barabanki, Rampur (Uttar Pradesh) and Aurangabad (Maharashtra) where inspectors from Russia will be stationed to monitor quality. These meat processing units belong to country’s largest buffalo meat exporter Allanasons and Amroon.
Russia is among the few countries that had put a ban on import of meat and poultry products from India due to occurrence of foot and mouth disease years ago.
The decision to set up an office in the country for monitoring buffalo meat exports to Russia was taken recently in a meeting in Delhi by Dmitry Rogzin, deputy prime minister of Russia, with external affairs minister Sushma Swaraj.
Russia’s move to source buffalo meat from India follows the ban imposed on fruits, vegetables, meat, fish, milk and dairy imports from the United States, the European Union, Australia and Canada in response to the sanctions imposed on it.
The Russian president had asked for limiting food imports from those countries that had imposed sanctions on Moscow for its support of rebels in eastern Ukraine and the annexation of Crimea. The ban is valid for one year starting August 7.
India has made it clear that it will not support sanctions sought to be imposed on Russia by a select group of countries led by the US.
Officials at the Agricultural and Processed Food Exports Development Authority (APEDA) said concerted efforts to eliminate diseases such as rinderpest and foot and mouth disease have produced fruit with a sharp increase in exports of meat products, including buffalo meat from India.
Rinderpest was eliminated in 1995 and World Organisation for Animal Health had officially declared India free of the disease. The incidents of foot and mouth disease have been sporadic.
The buffalo meat exports grew from R13,745 crore in 2011-12 to R26,457 crore in the last fiscal. Countries such as Vietnam, Malaysia, Egypt, Thailand and Saudi Arabia are the key export destinations for the buffalo meat products.
TAGS: Russia
More from commodities
Govt hikes import tariff value on gold and silver The government raised import tariff value on gold to USD 396 per 10 grams and on silver to USD 561 per kg in line...

Basmati rice exports to decline  thanks to low demand fromIranRice cultivation in east India is ‘net carbon sink’
India’s Basmati rice exports in the current fiscal are expected to decline due to sluggish demand from Iran, which used to account for a quarter of  the country’s aromatic and long grain rice shipments till recently.
According to commerce ministry data, in the first half of the current fiscal, Basmati rice exports to Iran have declined to 4.2 lakh tonne from 8.5 lakh tonne achieved during same period last year.
Overall volume of Basmati rice exports has declined to 1.4 million tonne in April-September 2014  compared to 1.9 million tonne reported in the first six months of the last fiscal. However, value-wise the exports during the same period have declined marginally to R13,848 crore from R14,111 crore.
Industry sources told FE that due to sufficient domestic availability of grain, exports prospects to Iran are not bright in the last half of the current fiscal. In the last couple of months, the shipment to Iran has slowed down significantly, resulting in reduction in exports of Basmati rice from the country.
“The shipment to Iran has been on a slower side because of sufficient domestic stocks available there and next few months would be crucial for the rice industry,” Rajen Sundaresan, director, All India Rice Exporters Association (AIREA), said.
Iran’s annual consumption of rice is estimated around 3.5 million tonne. Around 2 million tonne is produced in the country while the rest being imported from  India.
Out of total exports of 3.7 million tonne of Basmati rice from the country in 2013-14, 1.4 million tonne of rice was shipped to Iran. In the last two fiscals, exports to Iran had been to the tune of 1.8 million tonne and 1.4 million tonne respectively.
The rice shipment to Iran got a boost when India launched a rupee settlement mechanism from April 2012 with Iran to avoid sanctions from the US and the European Union. As part of this initiative, state-owned UCO Bank has tied up with four Iranian lenders — Parsian, Pasargad, Saman and EN Banks — for settlements of dues.
A commerce ministry official said that the Basmati rice industry must explore new market for exports rather than depending on few countries.
Meanwhile, the rice exporters have urged the government to restore an interest subvention scheme discontinued in March 2014 to help them, with some of them demanding the government to enhance it to 5% from the earlier 3%.
In 2013-14, India exported 3.7 million tonne of Basmati rice worth of close to R30,000 crore.
Apart from Iran, other key destinations for the Indian Basmati rice are Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Kuwait, Iraq, European Union and the United States.
TAGS: Basmati Rice
More from commodities
Govt hikes import tariff value on gold and silver The government raised import tariff value on gold to USD 396 per 10 grams and on silver to USD 561 per kg in line...

Indian strawberry finds way to MalaysianmarketsRice cultivation in east India is ‘net carbon sink’
After a successful trial last year, strawberry growers in the Mahabaleshwar-Panchgani belt of Maharashtra are gearing up to step up exports to Malaysia this season.
Last year, four consignments were sent to Malaysia on a trial basis and this year there has been a demand from the country again, according to Strawberries Growers Association of India chairman Balasabe Bhilare.
The association plans to send around 25 tonne of strawberries to Malaysia this year and is also exploring options to send strawberries to neighbouring countries as well, Bhilare said.
A trial order from Sri Lanka for one tonne of strawberries every week last year did not work owing to the costs involved. So, farmers have decided to focus on other markets, he said.
The constant weather change and sudden rainfall have not only hit production but also quality of the fruit this year and as a result, the prices have gone up to R150 per kg from R120 per kg last year. Production is expected to come down by 25-30% as compared to last year to 22,000 metric tonne from an expected production of 30,000 metric tonne at the start of the season.
This year, around 3,000 acres have been planted and the yield was expected to touch 30,000 tonne, Bhilare said. The association was expecting surplus yield since farmers had planted strawberries on an additional 1,000-1,500 acres.
Strawberries are being sold at R150 per kg, he said, adding that it would be difficult to predict the trends in the coming months. The rate usually  falls to R50 kg towards the end of the season in January.
Around 2,000 farmers are involved in  strawberry cultivation. Satara district accounts for the country’s 80% strawberry production and the fruit is grown mainly in Mahabaleshwar, Wai and Panchagani areas.
The Panchgani-Mahabaleshwar belt contributes around 85% of the total production in the country. The rest comes from Himachal Pradesh and Jammu and Kashmir. Like the previous year, farmers  have been seeking new domestic markets. In addition to regular markets in Mumbai and Pune, the association has seen a rise in demand from markets in Bangalore, Chennai and Hyderabad. Around 15-20 tonne of strawberries find their way to Chennai and Bangalore. This year, there is demand from Delhi and Kolkata as well.
Demands have started pouring in from retail chains, including Reliance Retail that has opened a collection centre in Panchgani. This is the only chain to have a direct tie-up with the association while others source strawberries through agents. Reliance would buy around 5 tonne per day from the association. Over 85% of the total production is sold as table fruit in the domestic market, while about 2,000 tonne goes for processing, Bhilare said.
Strawberry season begins in November and lasts till March every year.
Bhilare pointed out that there were too many hassles involved in exports and therefore it was easier to tap the domestic market. Pesticide residue norms in strawberries pose a major problem for potential exporters and a pilot consignment sent a few years ago had to be sent back because of this issue. Farmers usually end up using pesticides because of erratic climatic conditions and this causes problems later on, he said.
Farmers have planted the Italian variety of saplings that are giving better results. The mother saplings of Rania, Nabila, Winter Dawn and Sweet Charlie varieties have been planted in the region in September. The average earning per acre of strawberries is about R80,000 to R1 lakh. India is a negligible player in the world strawberry market of over four million tonne. United States is the biggest producer.
TAGS: India Malaysia
More from commodities
Govt hikes import tariff value on gold and silver The government raised import tariff value on gold to USD 396 per 10 grams and on silver to USD 561 per kg in line...

Can Russia s economy weather the stormCan Russia's economy weather the storm? Dec 03, 2014 - 5:41 pm
Gideon Rachman is joined by Neil Buckley and Kathrin Hille to discuss the state of the Russian economy, How well can it weather the impact of the falling oil price and falling Rouble, in addition to western sanctions? What are the likely political repercussions?

How Falling Crude Oil Prices Can Help Investors Become RichYou are here: Home Commodities
How Falling Crude Oil Prices Can Help Investors Become Rich
NDTV | Written By: Varun Sinha | Updated On: December 04, 2014 18:55 (IST)
India to Weigh Gold Policy Impact After Spurt in November Imports
Brent crude oil prices have crashed 40 per cent since June, falling from around $110 per barrel to below $68 a barrel this week, which is also a five-year low. Since India imports nearly 80 per cent of its crude consumption and oil accounts for a third of the total import bill, lower prices have provided a big boost for the economy.
According to Nomura, every $10 per barrel fall in oil price can boost India's GDP growth by 10 basis points, lower consumer inflation by 20 basis points and improve current account and fiscal balance by 0.5 per cent and 0.1 per cent of GDP. Lower oil prices also support the rupee.
The collapse in crude oil prices has translated into lower petrol and diesel prices for Indian consumers. Falling oil prices also provide a big opportunity for investors as many companies are likely to make windfall gains. The following stocks get impacted because of the slump in crude oil prices:
1) Oil marketing companies - BPCL, HPCL, and IOC - will face pressure in the near term because of inventory losses, but in the long run lower oil prices will reduce subsidy concerns and benefit these stocks.
2) Auto companies (Maruti Suzuki, Hero MotoCorp, etc.) will benefit as the ownership cost of vehicles will come down because of falling oil prices. According to Nomura, a further Rs 4 per litre fall in petrol prices will lead to annual savings (assuming running of 30 km/day and mileage of 12 km/litre) of around Rs 4,000 for car owners.
3) Tyre companies (Apollo Tyres, MRF, Ceat and JK Tyres) will benefit from higher margins as 30-40 per cent of their raw material costs are linked to crude oil prices.
4) Industrials: Demand for diesel gensets could rise in near term, helping Cummins. Lower diesel prices will benefit Concor as it may lead to a cutback in railway freight rates.
5) Consumer: The biggest gainer will be Asian Paints as a huge chunk of raw materials are linked to crude derivatives, Nomura says. Godrej Consumers, HUL and Emami will benefit from lower prices of packaging materials, which are direct derivatives of crude, the brokerage added.
6) Power utilities such as Tata Power, Adani Enterprise and JSW Steel will benefit if benchmark thermal coal prices fall because of a drop in diesel prices. Reduction in price of diesel is also a positive for mining companies (Coal India). Nomura says fall in fuel oil will benefit private independent power producers where tariffs are not a pass-through (e.g. Adani Enterprises, Reliance Power).
7) Fall in LNG prices will benefit gas-powered power plant operators such as GVK Power, Lanco Infra, GMR Infra, Tata Power, Reliance Power and NTPC.
8) Airline stocks will also benefit as carriers spend nearly 40 per cent of their operating costs for aviation turbine fuel (ATF).
9) Among midcaps, JBF Industries, Bata India, Supreme Industries, V-Guard Industries, Havells India, Nilkamal Industries, Relaxo Footwear, Whirlpool of India will likely be big beneficiaries of the fall in crude prices, says domestic brokerage Nirmal Bang.
10) Finally, upstream companies like Cairn India, which is a pure crude oil play, will be badly hit because of the slump in oil prices. ONGC, Oil India and Reliance Industries will be also negatively impacted too. Nomura says falling crude prices may lead to investment curbs in the Middle East and impact companies such as L&T and Voltas, which have considerable exposure in the region.
Story first published on: December 04, 2014 18:52 (IST)

RIL to Send Diesel to Singapore in Smaller Ship in Surprise MoveSpiceJet Cancellations Trigger Chaos At Airports
Singapore:
Reliance Industries (RIL) has chartered a medium-range vessel to carry diesel from India to Singapore in December, a rare move for the refiner that typically uses larger vessels for the route, traders said on Friday.
Medium range vessels can carry about 35,000 to 40,000 tonnes of diesel. Reliance usually ships diesel to Singapore in long-range 2 sized vessels, or Aframaxes, that can carry about 80,000 to 100,000 tonnes of fuel, or in a long-range 1 sized vessel, or Panamaxes, that can carry about 50,000 to 60,000 tonnes.
As much as possible, Reliance ships diesel to Europe or Africa when arbitrage economics are viable and moves the fuel to Singapore only when demand in Europe is weak, traders said.
"It is not economical in terms of freight costs to move the cargo in a smaller ship to Singapore, compared with moving larger volumes to the west from India," a shipbroker said.
It is unclear if Reliance plans to store the oil product in Singapore or sell it directly to a customer in the region.
India shipped about 94,000 tonnes of diesel to Singapore in the week to December 3, data from International Enterprise shows.
Reliance, controlled by billionaire Mukesh Ambani, operates the world's biggest refining complex in Gujarat, where its two adjacent plants can process about 1.4 million barrels per day of oil.
In the past, it has sold diesel to countries like Australia, which is Asia's top diesel importer and where import demand is growing due to closures of its ageing refineries, traders said.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Reliance Industries Ltd  Mexican state owned Pemex sign MoUDec 05, 2014 at  01:54pm IST
Reliance Industries Ltd, Mexican state owned Pemex sign MoU
49
0
New Delhi: Reliance Industries Ltd and Mexican state owned oil company Pemex have signed an MoU. The two companies will cooperate for assessment of potential upstream oil and gas business opportunities in Mexico.
RIL and PEMEX will also share expertise and skills in deep-water oil and gas exploration, refining and other areas.
The deal comes as Mexico, the world's tenth-largest crude producer, is implementing sweeping reform of the energy sector that was approved earlier this year and that ended Pemex's decades-long monopoly.
The two companies will cooperate for assessment of potential upstream oil and gas business opportunities in Mexico.
#reliance industries ltd #pemex #mexico
Pemex and Reliance, controlled by Mukesh Ambani, will also explore international markets for "value added opportunities", the Indian energy conglomerate said in a statement.
Mexico's Pemex has been trying to expand its presence in India and other markets beyond neighbouring United States. The Mexican oil giant has said it sees India and China as future growth markets for crude.
MOU envisages sharing of RIL's pioneering expertise in deep water development and best practices in East Coast of India and RIL's experience in shale gas in United States.
RIL will also provide technical support and share experience with PEMEX for refining value maximisation and other technical optimization strategies.
(With inputs from Reuters)

Taye Diggs and Idina Menzel Sell Their Hometaye diggs and idina menzel sell their home
Australia toughens immigration rulesAustralia toughens immigration rules
Jamie Smyth in Sydney
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/41e7d0e0-7c4a-11e4-aa9c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ericsson bags contract to manage Reliance Communications  pan-India networkDefence helps build Tatas’ war chest
Swedish telecom gear maker Ericsson will manage the pan-India network of telecom operator Reliance Communications under a seven-year business agreement signed between the two companies.
“We are excited to partner with Reliance Communications for this strategic multi-technology managed services deal. We have been managing their networks in North and West and are now pleased to extend this support to all 22 circles,” Ericsson Executive Vice President and Head of Business Unit (Global Services) Magnus Mandersson said in a statement.
Under the agreement, Ericsson would take over the responsibility for field maintenance, network operations and operational planning of Reliance Communications’ 2G, CDMA and 3G mobile networks.
However, the financial details of the deal were not disclosed in the statement.
“We are happy to announce our partnership with Ericsson to manage our wireline and wireless network on a pan-India basis,” Reliance Communications’ Head of Commercial Suresh Rangachar said.
The agreement also includes operation and management of Reliance Communications’ wireline network by Ericsson.
TAGS: Ericsson Reliance Communications
More from companies

General Motors offers discounts on cars up to Rs 85 500Updated: December 5, 2014 14:16 IST
General Motors offers discounts on cars up to Rs 85,500
IANS
The Indian subsidiary of American car major General Motors Friday announced discounts ranging from Rs.55,000 to Rs.85,500 on its all models barring the Captiva sports utility vehicle (SUV).
The limited period offers includes cash discounts, exchange/loyalty bonus and corporate bonus, the company said.
“It is our endeavour to offer customers complete value for their purchase and hence we have announced delightful offers for customers who choose to own a Chevrolet this December,” Rajesh Singh, vice president, Sales, Marketing & Service, General Motors India, said in a statement.
He said the Chevrolet Enjoy carries the maximum consumer offer, followed by the model Beat up to Rs. 83,000.
The All New SAIL sedan and hatchback are also now available with exciting offers that go up to Rs. 55,000, Singh said.
Besides, the Chevrolet Tavera carries benefits of up to Rs. 55,000, Chevrolet Cruze up to Rs. 60,000 and Spark up to Rs. 68,000.
GM India has a network of 255 sales outlets and 272 service outlets to cater to the requirements of customers across the country.

PM s Divestment Scheme Off to Positive Start; SAIL OversubscribedOil Slumps Near $59 for First Time Since 2009 on Oversupply
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's ambitious programme of disinvestment in big state-run companies got off to a positive start on Friday, with the government managing to sell 5 per cent stake in state-run SAIL, India's second largest steel manufacturer by market value. The share sale of SAIL was oversubscribed nearly 2 times. The proceeds of the share sale will help the government meet its fiscal deficit target for the year.
Here is your ten-point cheat sheet on this story:
1) The disinvestment target for the year is Rs 58,425 crore out of which Rs 43,425 crore will come via share sale in PSUs. The government is likely to raise Rs 1,700 crore if the share sale in SAIL goes through at Rs 83 per share. The amount is just 4 per cent to the government's total disinvestment target of Rs 43,425 crore via share sale in PSUs.
2) The response to Friday's share sale in SAIL paves the way for the planned sale of a 10 per cent stake in Coal India and a 5 per cent stake in Oil and Natural Gas Corp. Stake sales in NHPC, Power Finance Corp and Rural Electrification Corp are also in the pipeline.
3) The bigger Coal India and ONGC stake sales should help the government raise a combined Rs 40,000 crore, as per the current market prices.
4) The government is likely to miss its disinvestment target for the year, analysts say. "The target that the government has set is a tall target," said Deven Choksey, managing director at Mumbai-based brokerage KR Choksey Securities.
5) Most state-run companies have underperformed the broader markets despite a record rally this year. SAIL shares have risen just 18 per cent this year, lagging a near 36 per cent rise in the Sensex.
6) According to domestic brokerage Kotak, the government needs to come out with a long-term plan to improve performance of state-run companies. "In our view, the government may want to review its very ownership of PSU companies with a far bolder program of privatization," it said in a note last month.
7) Market expert Ambareesh Baliga told NDTV that long-term investors, with a 2-3 year horizon, should buy SAIL. "India cannot grow at 8 per cent without growth in infrastructure and steel is an important part of infra sector," he said.
8) The government had put 20.65 crore shares in the company on block. Post the share sale, the government's stake has come down from 80 per cent to 75 per cent.
9) The share sale in SAIL took place through the Offer for Sale route, which helps promoters of listed companies to sell or dilute their shareholdings through an exchange based bidding platform.
10) The floor price or the minimum bid price for SAIL was fixed at Rs 83, which was at a discount to Thursday's close price of Rs 85.35 on the Bombay Stock Exchange. Retail investors will get a 5 per cent discount. ( Track stock )
(With inputs from Reuters)
Story first published on: December 05, 2014 15:50 (IST)

India s Manufacturing  Services Growth Outpaced China in NovemberChina December Industrial Activity Shrinks for First Time in 7 Months
New Delhi: Manufacturing and services sectors in India expanded at a faster pace than China in November, even as emerging market output slipped for the second consecutive month to a six-month low, a HSBC survey said on Friday.
The HSBC Emerging Markets Index (EMI), a monthly indicator derived from PMI surveys, slipped for the second month running to 51.2, signalling the weakest rate of expansion since May.
The EMI remained well below its long-run trend level of 53.7 as both manufacturers and service providers in emerging markets registered slower and identical rates of output expansion in November, HSBC said.
"2014 looks set to record the lowest annual average for the Index since its inception in November 2005," the HSBC report added.
Data for the four largest emerging economies showed contrasting activity trends in November. China registered growth for the seventh month running, while India posted the fastest growth since June.
Russia and Brazil, however, registered sharper rates of decline during November.
During November, the HSBC composite index for India, which maps both manufacturing and services, stood at 53.6, whereas for China it was 51.1, Brazil (48.1) and Russia (47.6).
An index measure of above 50 indicates expansion.
"Downturns in Russia and Brazil are intensifying to worrying extents, and China's economic growth rate continues to slow. Only India saw an improvement in November," Markit chief economist Chris Williamson said.
Meanwhile, the outlook for global emerging markets also deteriorated during November. The HSBC Emerging Markets Future Output Index, which tracks firms' expectations for activity in 12 months' time, fell to a new record-low.
All four of the largest emerging economies posted weaker sentiment for next 12 months, most notably Russia and Brazil, while China posted the lowest output expectations.
Story first published on: December 05, 2014 15:03 (IST)

Thousands Evacuated As Powerful Typhoon Bears Down On The PhilippinesPhilippines Braces For Powerful Typhoon Hagupit
 |  By                                                                      JIM GOMEZ and OLIVER TEVES
Posted:
reddit
MANILA, Philippines (AP) — A wide swath of the Philippines, including the capital Manila, braced Friday for a dangerously erratic and powerful typhoon approaching from the Pacific, about a year after the country was lashed by Typhoon Haiyan that left more than 7,300 people dead.
Typhoon Hagupit — Filipino for "smash" — strengthened overnight with its sustained winds intensifying to 215 kilometers (134 miles) per hour and gusts of 250 kph (155 mph). The local weather agency PAGASA's forecasts show the typhoon may hit Eastern Samar province late Saturday or early Sunday.
But a forecast by the U.S. military's Joint Typhoon Warning Center in Hawaii said Hagupit (pronounced HA'-goo-pit) may veer northward after making landfall and possibly threaten Manila, which has population of more than 12 million people.
"We have alerted the people of Manila and we're ready," Mayor Joseph Estrada said, while acknowledging "these typhoons change direction all the time."
It is currently 450 kilometers (280 miles) from the country's eastern coast in the Pacific Ocean and moving slowly.
If the first forecast holds, Hagupit's path will send it barreling inland into central Philippines along the same route where Typhoon Haiyan leveled villages and left more than 7,300 dead and missing in November last year.
Still, Hagupit's erratic behavior prompted the government to call an emergency meeting of mayors of metropolitan Manila to warn them to prepare. Manila is north of the path that Haiyan took.
Given the country's experience with Haiyan, which caught people unprepared to deal with ts ferocity, authorities seemed better positioned this time to respond to the impending crisis.
Officials in central Philippine regions, which were hammered by Haiyan, evacuated thousands of people to safer areas, including Tacloban city, where the new typhoon has triggered panic-buying in grocery stores and gas stations and brought back nightmares of last year's deadly onslaught.
Haiyan survivor Emily Sagales said many of her still-edgy neighbors in  Tacloban packed their clothes and fled to a sports stadium and safer homes of relatives. Long lines formed at grocery stores and gas stations as residents stocked up on basic goods, she said.
Haiyan demolished about 1 million houses and displaced some 4 million people in the central Philippines. Hundreds of residents still living in tents in Tacloban have been prioritized in an ongoing evacuation.
Hotels in Tacloban, a city of more than 200,000 people still struggling to recover from last year's massive damage, ran out of rooms as wealthier families booked ahead for the weekend.
The government put the military on full alert, workers opened evacuation centers and transported food packs, medicines and body bags to far-flung villages, which could be cut off by heavy rains.
In Manila, President Benigno Aquino III on Thursday led an emergency meeting of disaster-response agencies and ordered steps to prevent panic-buying and hoarding of goods.
The government decided to move the venue of a meeting next week of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation forum, which was to be attended by hundreds of diplomats from 21 member economies, from Albay province, which could be lashed by the typhoon, to the capital, Manila, which forecasters said on Thursday will likely be spared.
Bigger, badder #Hagupit emerges with new eye. Buckle up. pic.twitter.com/b9yViWdykh
— Jojo Pasion Malig (@JojoMalig) December 5, 2014
More:

Bundesbank cuts German growth forecastBundesbank slashes German growth forecast for next year
Claire Jones in Frankfurt and Stefan Wagstyl in Berlin
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/74b73d00-7c57-11e4-aa9c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Mangalore Chemicals appoints Mallya s step-mother as DirectorDefence helps build Tatas’ war chest
Days after resignation of Vijay Mallaya from UB group firm Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers Ltd (MCFL), the fertiliser company today announced appointment of his step-mother Ritu Mallya as a director of the firm with immediate effect.
In a surprise move on December 1, Mallya had resigned as director of the Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers Ltd (MCFL), which is the target of a takeover battle between Deepak Fertilisers and Zuari Group.
In a filing to the BSE, MCFL said, “… the company’s Board of Directors has appointed Mrs Ritu Mallya as a Director of the Company with immediate effect.”
Vijay Mallya had resigned within days of minority shareholders of United Spirits rejected as many as 9 of 12 resolutions, including some pertaining to pacts with entities connected to erstwhile promoter Vijay Mallya.
The UB group has been seeing continuous troubles on various fronts for the last couple of years, beginning with a major cash crunch and high debt at once-luxury airline Kingfisher, forcing it be grounded in October 2012.
The group, which is also engaged in legal tussle with lenders, later sold a controlling stake in its prized unit United Spirits to Diageo while some other assets where also divested in other businesses and two rival bidders came up from Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers Ltd (MCFL).
58-year old Mallya’s resignation at MCFL comes in the middle of an intense takeover battle between Kolkata-based industrialist Saroj Poddar-led Zuari group and Pune-based Deepak Fertilisers for wresting control of the UB group firm, which has a urea plant at Mangalore.
In the battle for control of MCFL, Mallya had sided with Zuari group and launched the counter open offer to ward off the takeover bid of Deepak Fertilizers.
After the open offers of both Deepak and rival Zuari-UB group closed on October 20, Deepak Fertilisers’ stake in MCFL increased by about 6 per cent through an open offer to about 32 per cent and inched closer towards the rival Zuari-UB group’s combined stake of 38.4 per cent.
The battle for MCFL between Deepak Fertilisers and Zuari Group was triggered in April 2013 when the latter bought about 10 per cent stake in MCFL through open market.
Later, Deepak Fertilisers acquired 24.46 per cent stake in MCFL in one-go in July 2013. After this, Zuari group had increased its stake to 16.43 per cent in the same month.
The board of MCFL is being restructured to include two representatives of Poddar’s Adventz Group.
TAGS: MCFL
More from companies

SAIL s Rs 1 700-cr disinvestment successfulSAIL's Rs 1,700-cr disinvestment successful
BS Reporter | Mumbai Dec 06, 2014 12:59 AM IST
Five per stake sale in Steel Authority of India (SAIL) by the government, the first leg of this financial year’s disinvestment programme, received an encouraging response from investors on Friday. The Rs 1,700-crore offer for sale (OFS) was subscribed more than two times, while the portion reserved for retail investors — those investing up to Rs 2 lakh — was subscribed nearly three times.
Experts said the success of the SAIL offering would boost the confidence of the government, which has set a record Rs 58,425-crore gross disinvestment target for this financial year to help bridge its fiscal deficit.
According to investment banking sources, Life Insurance Corporation of India invested as much as Rs 700 crore, about 40 per cent of the issue. Other prominent investors included State Bank of India (Rs 150-200 crore), United India Insurance (Rs 15 crore) and ICICI Bank (Rs 100 crore). The issue also saw participation from Hong Kong-based fund Segantil Capital Management ($15 million) and New-York based Geosphere Capital Management ($5 million).
According to stock exchange data, SAIL’s 206-million share sale received total bids of about 420 million, twice the shares on offer. The 10 per cent, or 20.6 million shares, quota for small investors recorded 53.3 million bids. This is the government’s first disinvestment programme that has a retail quota.
The indicative price, or the volume weighted average price of all valid bids, stood at Rs 83.9 for retail investors and Rs 83.44 for other investors, more than the floor price of Rs 83 set by the government. Investment bankers handling the SAIL OFS said the final price could be more than Rs 84, as the allotment was being done on a price-priority basis. Under this method, the allotment is to those bidding high.
Vinay Menon, managing director (equity capital markets), JPMorgan India, said the response to the SAIL offering was from across investor segments, adding foreign investors’ interest in the “India story” would help future issuances.
Bankers said a five per cent discount on offer had attracted retail investors to the SAIL offering. “The demand from retail investors was encouraging. Despite the market trading at around all-time high levels, there is good interest in India among FIIs (foreign institutional investors),” said Girish Nadkarni, managing director, Motilal Oswal Investment Banking.
Shares of SAIL closed three per cent lower at Rs 82.8 on BSE. As such, the shares were available below the OFS price in the secondary market. The consensus 12-month price target on the stock is Rs 78, according to analysts tracked by Bloomberg.
To meet its disinvestment target for FY15, the government will have to raise another Rs 57,000 crore by March. Market players said big-ticket share sales in Coal India and Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC), in which the government would divest 10 per cent and five per cent stake, respectively, held the key.
Coal India’s stake sale is likely to be worth about Rs 20,000 crore, while ONGC’s will be about Rs 15,000 crore. “If the mega Coal India and ONGC issues are priced well, demand won’t be an issue,” said Nadkarni.
The disinvestment programme is expected to resume next month, as December-end is a holiday period for foreign investors.

The winners and losers from the fall in oil pricesShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Hedge funds win big from oil plunge
Dec 5, 2014 : John Authers talks to the FT's Gregory Meyer and Stephen Foley about winners and losers from gyrations in the energy markets, and who is betting on $35 oil.
Credits: Produced by Gregory Bobillot. Edited by Paolo Pascual.

Make this eggless dessert in less than 10 mins2 tbsp chocolate vermicelli
For the chocolate truffle
Heat the fresh cream in a broad non-stick pan on a medium flame for 1 minute, while stirring continuously.
Switch off the flame, add the dark chocolate and mix well till the mixture is smooth. Keep aside to cool for 2 minutes.
How to proceed
Dip 4 nice biscuits one by one in the soaking syrup and arrange them vertically on a flat serving plate with 2 biscuits each in 2 rows one below the other so as to form a rectangle.
Spread 1 tsp of the chocolate truffle evenly over each biscuit.
Repeat steps 1 and 2 to make 2 more layers of biscuits and chocolate truffle on top.
Garnish with swirls of beaten whipped cream and chocolate vermicelli and refrigerate for 1 hour or till it sets.
Serve chilled.
We also urge you try this easy Chocolate Pie by Tarla Dalal, as shown to you by her granddaughter Mitali Dalal.

10 short-films of Gujarat-bred entrepreneurs to be showcased at Vibrant Gujarat 2015Defence helps build Tatas’ war chest
Ten short films that will narrate the success stories of “home-bred entrepreneurs” from Gujarat, who started their respective businesses as MSME units will be showcased at the seventh edition of the Vibrant Gujarat Global Investors’ Summit to be held in Gandhinagar in the second week of January 2015.
MSMEs in Gujarat will be one of the key themes of this year’s Vibrant Gujarat summit. “We wanted to tell the world about the success stories of home-bred MSMEs from Gujarat. So we selected about 10 companies who started as small units and went on to make a mark in their respective areas of operations. Some of these are about 20-30 years old firms, while some are start-ups launched by young entrepreneurs from Gujarat,” said a senior official of the Gujarat government who did not wish to be named.
The films on these entrepreneurs from different parts of Gujarat will be about 90 seconds long and will be part of the MSME convention that will be held during the summit on January 12, 2015. The tales of these entrepreneurs will be showcased to visitors from across the globe at the summit when the NDA government is aggressively promoting the “Make in India” campaign.
“These companies have been selected after detailed consultation process with the industry and various associations. They have been selected from various sectors including diamonds, auto-ancillaries, chemicals, manufacturing, etc. They are case studies of entrepreneurial brilliance that exists in Gujarat, in the areas of marketing, technology transfers, patents, employee retentions and others,” the official told The Indian Express while refusing the divulge the names of the companies on whom these films are being made.
Apart from showcasing these short-films, the entrepreneurs will also get a few minutes to talk about his or her venture to the audience in a language of their choice. There will also be an open house to allow exchange of ideas and opinions.
“These films are part of a different format of presentation that we thought would help highlight Gujarat-based MSMEs. These short-films will be an entertaining case-study analysis of how the entrepreneurs in the state have managed to churn out successful enterprises,” the official added.
Gujarat currently has over 1.80 lakh MSME units. According to state government figures, Surat with about 75,000 units is the biggest hub of MSME units in the state, followed by Ahmedabad (47,000 units), Rajkot (14,000) and Vadodara (8,000). The maximum number of registered MSME units — about 46,000 units — are those involved in manufacturing of textiles, apparel, dressing and dyeing of fur. Manufacture of machinery and equipment (13,000 units), chemical and chemical products (7,000), Wholesale trade and commission trade (13,000) and manufacture of fabricated metal products (7,500) are some of the areas of operations of the MSME sector.
TAGS: Vibrant Gujarat
More from companies

Monte Carlo IPO subscribed nearly eight timesMonte Carlo IPO subscribed nearly eight times
BS Reporter | Mumbai Dec 05, 2014 10:32 PM IST
Monte Carlo Fashions’ Rs 350-crore Initial Public Offering (IPO) saw eight times more demand than shares on offer.
The 5.4-million share offering by the apparel company received 24.9 million bids worth Rs 15,000 crore.
The category meant for institutional investors was subscribed 14 times. The retail portion received a subscription of 6.6 times. But the high networth investor (HNI) quota was subscribed 1.7 times in contrast to recent IPOs, where they had bid heavily. Typically, HNIs place bets in IPOs, to cash out on the day of listing.
Shares were priced Rs 630-645 apiece but given the oversubscription, the issue was likely priced at the top end.
Monte Carlo has raised a little above Rs 100 crore from anchor investors at Rs 645 a share. Through the IPO, the company’s promoters and private-equity firm Samara Capital are cutting their stakes.
According to analysts, Monte Carlo’s strong balance sheet and asset-light model are a plus. They say valuations of 22 times (one-year forward earnings estimate) don’t offer much room for an upside. High retail-investor participation followed healthy returns delivered by IPO companies this year.
Monte Carlo was the fifth, and possibly the last, IPO of 2014. The average returns given by the four IPOs that have come this year are a whopping 86 per cent.
Ironically, despite the good investor demand and a sharp rally in the secondary market, few companies have tapped the primary market this year.
Including Monte Carlo, a total of just Rs 1,200 crore has been raised from the IPO market this year, the lowest figure in more than a decade.
Investment bankers expect next year to be good for the IPO market. Currently, less than 20 companies have filed their offer documents to the capital markets regulator, Securities and Exchange Board of India. Bankers expect the queue of companies lining up for IPO approvals to get longer.
Manpasand Beverages, Vascon Engineers, Videocon d2h, Rashtriya Ispat Nigam and Sadbhav Infrastructure Project are among those that have filed their IPO documents.

New York City Protests223 Arrested as Protesters, Police Clash in New York City Over Eric Garner Decision
Dec 5, 2014, 8:05 AM ET
By ABC NEWS via Good Morning America
Police make arrests after protesters rallying against a grand jury's decision not to indict the police officer involved in the death of Eric Garner attempted to block traffic at the intersection of 42nd Street and Seventh Avenue near Times Square, Dec. 4, 2014, in New York.
Jason DeCrow/AP Photo
Share
Copy
New York City Police arrested 223 people in overnight protests, the second consecutive night of demonstrations in opposition to a grand jury’s decision not to indict officers in the choke hold death of Staten Island man Eric Garner.
Many of the arrests involved charges for disorderly conduct or refusal to clear the streets, authorities told ABC News.
John Minchillo/AP Photo
PHOTO: Protestor Rayyan Ali cries as her protest group occupies Herald Square Dec. 4, 2014, in New York, in response to a grand jury's decision not to indict the police officer involved in the death of Eric Garner.
The protesters gathered in downtown Manhattan's Foley Square and chanted "I can't breathe" and "No justice, no peace" before marching across the Brooklyn Bridge, carrying replicas of coffins. Another group started in Harlem. The marchers also disrupted traffic near the Holland Tunnel, the Manhattan Bridge and on the West Side Highway.
A brief clash was reported between protesters and police in Times Square, but the situation was brought under control.
Jason DeCrow/AP Photo
PHOTO: Protesters rally against a grand jury's decision not to indict the police officer involved in the death of Eric Garner in Foley Square, Dec. 4, 2014, in New York.
Some of the protesters voice their feelings using attire.
John Minchillo/AP Photo
PHOTO: Protesters occupy Herald Square during march, Dec. 4, 2014, in New York, against a grand jury's decision not to indict the police officer involved in the death of Eric Garner.
The grand jury’s vote not to bring an indictment in Garner’s death – along with a similar outcome to the August police shooting of unarmed black teen Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri – has brought national unrest, with demonstrations in cities such as Washington, D.C., Boston, Philadelphia, Chicago, Detroit and Denver.
Jason DeCrow/AP Photo
PHOTO: Protesters rally against a grand jury's decision not to indict the police officer involved in the death of Eric Garner in Foley Square, Dec. 4, 2014, in New York.
Civil rights leaders are hopeful about a forthcoming federal investigation into Garner’s death, but said reform is needed. At a news conference in New York after a night of protests led to 83 arrests, the Rev. Al Sharpton called the state-level grand jury system "broken" when it comes to police brutality cases and urged federal authorities to fix it.
"The federal government must do in the 21st century what it did in the mid-20th century," he said. "Federal intervention must come now and protect people from state grand juries."
John Minchillo/AP Photo
PHOTO: Protestors occupy Herald Square during march Dec. 4, 2014, in New York, against a grand jury's decision not to indict the police officer involved in the death of Eric Garner.
Politicians and others talked about the need for better police training, body cameras and changes in the grand jury process to restore faith in the legal system.
"A whole generation of officers will be trained in a new way," New York Mayor Bill de Blasio vowed as he and his police commissioner outlined previously announced plans to teach officers how to communicate better with people on the street.
President Obama also weighed in, saying one of the chief issues at stake is "making sure that people have confidence that police and law enforcement and prosecutors are serving everybody equally."
The Associated Press contributed to this report.

Christie Bridge ScandalForget 2016, Christie's Goal Now Is Saving His Governorship
After the last 72 hours of new developments in the scandals hitting New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie’s administration, the political story here is no longer about whether Christie can survive to be a top presidential contender in 2016. Rather, it’s about whether he’ll be able to hold on to his governorship.

Another teen retailer to file for bankruptcyTeen retailer Deb Shops has filed for bankruptcy protection and is taking steps to liquidate if it can't find a buyer, according to court documents filed Thursday. ( Corilyn Shropshire )
Several teen apparel retailers have been losing market share to fast-fashion brands such as H&M, Forever 21 and Inditex's Zara, which bring the latest styles from the runway to their stores within weeks.
Many, like Abercrombie & Fitch Co, are moving away from logo-based goods to trendier merchandise that appeals to fashion-conscious teens and increasing online presence.
Sales at Delia*s, which has 95 mall-based stores, has fallen for six quarters in a row.
"The company had 499 full-time and 1,190 part-time employees..." Naturally, they had so many part time employees to save a buck by not providing them with benefits.
Robert Kastigar

Communist heirs win control of German stateCommunist heirs win control of German state of Thuringia
Stefan Wagstyl in Berlin
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/059fec90-7c71-11e4-aa9c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Oil Price Drop Threatens $150 Bn in InvestmentsYou are here: Home Commodities
Oil Price Drop Threatens $150 Billion in Investments
Agence France Presse | Updated On: December 05, 2014 20:44 (IST)
India to Weigh Gold Policy Impact After Spurt in November Imports
Oslo: The continued fall of oil prices could lead to postponement of $150 billion worth of projects in the sector worldwide, a Norwegian consulting firm said on Friday.
"Everything will depend on what oil companies decide to do, but if they don't exploit the fields which break even with the barrel above $80, $150 billion will go down the drain," chief analyst at Rystad Energy, Per Magnus Nysveen, told AFP.
Today, Brent crude fell close to $69 a barrel in London, a drop of 40 per cent from June.
Falling oil prices combined with high production costs in the sector force oil companies to postpone or even cancel developments of oil finds in order to maintain their cash flow.
Norway's energy giant Statoil, for example, has delayed decisions on its Johan Castberg project, a massive off-shore oil field in the Arctic with an estimated 400 to 600 million barrels in which operations are expected to be costly.
"Anything with high costs will be vulnerable: the Arctic, oil sands and small deep-water projects," Nysveen said.
"All countries will suffer. Russia will suffer because of the Arctic. Canada and Alaska will suffer ... whereas US shale oil has become less expensive to produce and should therefore not suffer that much."
Rystad Energy refuses to publish its estimates on the future evolution of barrel prices but, according to Nysveen, there are no signs of a pick-up in the near future.
"The offer is really overabundant in the market today and we think that it'll be even more overabundant at the beginning of next year," he said.
Story first published on: December 05, 2014 20:42 (IST)

Will ensure 24x7 power to all by March 2019  says Piyush GoyalWill ensure 24x7 power to all by March 2019, says Piyush Goyal
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 5, 2014  | 21:18 IST
Reiterating the promise of round-the-clock electricity to all by 2019, Power Minister Piyush Goyal on Friday said use of information technology will help in achieving the target.
"IT-enabled smart grids can have tremendous impact on the energy sector in India... right from power generation to power consumption. We will ensure that all Indians have 24x7 electricity by March 2019," Goyal said while addressing the inaugural session of Digital India Conclave 2014.
The minister said the government is committed to preventing widespread coal thefts by use of CCTV cameras.
Goyal had earlier said the government has initiated speedy environmental clearances, steps to protect environment, renewed thrust to wind power capacity addition besides clearing the long-pending transmission projects worth Rs 12,272 crore.
The minister had stated that these steps would be the government's vision for providing 24x7 consistent power.
The government has also approved Rs 43,033-crore rural electrification scheme, Deendayal Upadhyaya Gram Jyoti Yojana. The scheme will replace the existing Rajiv Gandhi Grameen Vidyutikaran Yojana (RGGVY).
The scheme includes strengthening and augmentation of sub-transmission and distribution infrastructure in rural areas, including metering of distribution transformers and feeders.

And the play goes onNew Delhi, December 5, 2014
Updated: December 5, 2014 16:58 IST
And the play goes on
PTI
File photo of Sehwag and Ghambir
TOPICS
cricket
Their cricketing epitaph has been written by all and sundry but a day after being omitted from the World Cup probables’ list, it was business as usual for Virender Sehwag and Gautam Gambhir as they trained at the Delhi team’s nets with deadpan expressions on their faces.
The ageing duo looked like members of a ‘lonely planet’ at the picturesque Roshanara Club ground where the other members of the Delhi team were going through the paces.
While all the other members wore whites (a custom followed by lot of teams to get into the groove), these two were wearing colourful track suits. The ‘difference’ in every aspect was palpable.
They have been champions in their own rights and no one can deny that any kind of rejection hurts a performer’s ego.
Gambhir spoke to the small group of reporters present but only after clarifying that he doesn’t want to speak on World Cup and will stick to Delhi’s Ranji Trophy preparations.
Gambhir’s fascination for playing home games at seamer-friendly Roshanara is well-known and the reason he gave was no different from what has been heard already.
“I know it’s better to play on batting friendly tracks (Feroz Shah Kotla) but what’s the use of scoring 800 runs if your team doesn’t qualify for knock-outs. Batsmen can set up matches but it’s the bowlers who will have to take 20 wickets to win matches. The Roshanara strip gives me an option to play five specialist bowlers,” Gambhir spoke in reference to Delhi’s opening Ranji Trophy encounter against Saurashtra, starting Sunday.
Sehwag didn’t even wait that long. Did his usual round of batting at the nets, had a rub down in the dressing room and before anyone knew left the ground before all his teammates entered the confines of the dressing room.
At the nets, he was in a mood to hit everything out of sight -- most of which didn’t connect well but the last shot -- an inside-out lofted shot over covers that broke the window pane of the private club’s library.
In between there was old guard Sumeet Narwal and young Navdeep Saini, who troubled Sehwag with seam movement.
Once through with his batting, Sehwag did some slip catching practice. The expression on his face didn't give away anything. His batting position according to his captain will be the "middle-order".
For Gambhir, speaking about Ranji preparations was more an act of obliging the handful of scribes present as one could sense that he had to push himself about answering questions. He spoke about giving juniors a "secure dressing room environment".
"There are a lot of juniors in the side and my aim as a captain would be to give them a secure dressing room environment. Whether you are playing junior cricket or Ranji Trophy, a secured dressing room environment is key to a team's success," said left-hander.
It's futile trying to gauge what's going on in their minds but come Sunday, it will be the start of the most difficult battle for one of the most celebrated opening pairs of Indian cricket.

Rural India participating in growth story via bank a/cDec 05, 2014, 09.55 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
'Rural India participating in growth story via bank a/c'
According to Power Minister Piyush Goyal, among the accounts opened so far, almost 70 percent do not have balance but have been opened to connect rural India directly to the government .
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
'Rural India participating in growth story via bank a/c'
According to Power Minister Piyush Goyal, among the accounts opened so far, almost 70 percent do not have balance but have been opened to connect rural India directly to the government .
Post your opinion here
08:00 pm
Power and Coal Minister Piyush Goyal believes rural India is now participating in the government’s reform drive through Prime Minister’s Jan Dhan Yojna. According to him, the underprivileged section or the poor India has already deposited more than Rs 6,000 crore in banks via Jan Dhan Yojna.
Speaking at Inclusive India Awards, an initiative by CNBC-TV18 and ICICI Bank , the minister thanked the channel and banking fraternity for creating awareness among rural masses of India and for encouraging people to open bank accounts in all parts of the country.
According to the minister, among the accounts opened so far, almost 70 percent do not have balance but have been opened to connect rural India directly to the government .
“Bank accounts will be a direct link of the government to the underprivileged people," said Goyal.
The accounts will be beneficial for the underprivileged not just for saving money but also helping the government in directly transferring subsidies and benefits to the poor people, he added.
RELATED NEWS

Nomura sees 5.5% growth this fiscal  6.5% in FY16Dec 05, 2014, 08.52 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Nomura sees 5.5% growth this fiscal, 6.5% in FY16
Nomura also expects inflation to decline further and settle down around 5 percent by the end of next year.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nomura sees 5.5% growth this fiscal, 6.5% in FY16
Nomura also expects inflation to decline further and settle down around 5 percent by the end of next year.
Post your opinion here
08:00 pm
Global ratings agency Nomura released its economic outlook for 2015. The agency expects growth for this fiscal year at 5.5 percent and next fiscal at 6.5 percent as it expects demand to pick up.
Nomura also expects inflation to decline further and settle down around 5 percent by the end of next year.
It further expects the Reserve Bank to lower rates only in the second half of next year and that too just a 25 basis points cut.
RELATED NEWS

SKETCHBOOK: Amid Eric Garner and Ferguson protests  a song that yearns to Breathe free [ILLUSTRATED]By Michael Cavna December 5 Follow @comicriffs
CARTOONIST TOM RACINE is rightly proud of his father’s service. Dad worked for the NYPD for more than 30 years, seeing it all, from petty crime to Mob jobs, much of during Gotham’s gritty ’60s and ’70s. And the son of a man who rose to captain and did stints in Internal Affairs and Civil Defense has this to say about his father’s approach to policework, in the wake of this week’s Eric Garner no-indictment news:
“I’m sure he towed the Blue Line…but he had no time for bad cops.”
It really is about time, of course. It’s about time we take a deeper, more effective look into the deaths of unarmed people, too often black men, at the hands of those who serve and protect. Because how many times must another person without weapon or (often) flight risk die till larger recurring problems are addressed? We should have no time for avoidable fatalities, even as the countless good cops protect the American right to nonviolently protest the killings and non-indictments in New York and in Ferguson, in Cleveland and shore to shore.
Because it’s time to have no time for this.
In salute to the father of Racine, who is a friend, comics podcaster and occasional contributor to Comic Riffs, we offer this editorial-cartoon animation , with a nod to the folk protest music of Dad’s civil-rights era:
 

Retail hiring suggests shoppers subduedRetail hiring suggests holiday shopping won’t accelerate this year | FT Alphaville
All times are London time

Bank of America Sees 0.25% Rate Cut by RBI in FebruaryYou are here: Home Economy
Bank of America Sees 0.25% Rate Cut by RBI in February
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 05, 2014 22:20 (IST)
China December Industrial Activity Shrinks for First Time in 7 Months
Mumbai: Bank of America Merrill Lynch (BofAML) on Friday said a "dovish" Reserve Bank will slash key interest rates by 0.25 per cent at the February review meet and will do cuts of 0.75 per cent in 2015.
"The RBI policy stance is much more dovish...we grow more confident of our call of a February RBI repo rate cut," it said in a note here, adding there will be a 0.25 per cent cut at the February policy, while the softer oil prices will ensure a 0.75 per cent cut through 2015.
At the monetary policy review earlier this week, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan chose to hold rates, saying it is premature to go in for a cut, but painted an optimistic picture, saying inflation is coming under control. However, he hinted of a cut in early 2015, once RBI sees conclusive evidence of change in inflation trajectory.
The sharp slide in global oil prices, which had a positive impact on inflation, will help RBI meet its 6 per cent consumer inflation target of January 2016, BofAML said, adding the price rate will further slip to 4.2 per cent for November, down from 5.52 per cent in October.
The correction in oil prices will also help the government finances, it said, adding the fiscal deficit will narrow by 0.20 per cent in FY16. The centre's oil subsidy bill will fall by Rs 234 billion to Rs 400 billion in FY16.
The brent crude prices have dropped to five-year lows due to supply glut and a shift towards shale gas.
On the domestic currency, the note said RBI will hold the rupee in the 58-62 band against the dollar on the back of a relative comfort on the current account deficit as a result of the slide in crude prices.
BofAML said it expects the current account deficit to come in at 1.4 per cent of GDP for FY15 and inch up to 1.6 per cent in the next fiscal.
The high CAD - 4.7 per cent in FY13 which came down to 1.7 per cent in FY14 through unconventional measures - was a key reason for the sharp drop in the rupee value against dollar in August last year.
Story first published on: December 05, 2014 22:18 (IST)

Nomura Upbeat on India  Sees FY15 GDP Growth at 5.5%You are here: Home Economy
Nomura Upbeat on India, Sees FY15 GDP Growth at 5.5%
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 05, 2014 22:50 (IST)
China December Industrial Activity Shrinks for First Time in 7 Months
Mumbai: India is heading towards growth with macroeconomic stability and its economy is likely to expand at 5.5 per cent in the current fiscal, Japanese brokerage firm Nomura said on Friday.
"We are positive about India's growth. Our medium term view is that macro policies - both the policies that RBI is likely to follow and reforms that the Government is likely to announce - will lead to lesser volatility going forward and more macro stability," Nomura Economist (India) Sonal Varma told reporters here.
She expects Asia's third largest economy to grow at 5.5 per cent in FY15 and at around 6.5 per cent in FY16.
Ms Varma said although there were concerns about growth not really picking up, as indicated by volatile factory output numbers and weak credit expansion, some of the indicators suggest India was already in the initial stage of business cycle recovery.
She said the government's focus on clearing investment projects has reduced policy uncertainty and expects the investment cycle to pick up soon.
"We are calling 2015 a Goldilocks year (high growth & low inflation) for India because while we are still in the positive direction on growth, we think inflation will continue to moderate. So, this is not another business cycle where inflation will pick up."
The global financial services major expects the price rate to ease and hover around 5-5.5 per cent next year. "The ease in inflation will be largely on account of domestic factors, particular fall in rural wages," Ms Varma said.
She said low inflation will provide RBI some room to cut policy rates. "Our base line expectation is the RBI will cut rates by 50 basis points in the first half of 2015. We are penciling in April and June as the likely timing."
She said the country was comfortable on current account deficit (CAD) front and expects $27 billion in FDI inflows in FY15.
CAD is likely to be at sustainable levels of around 2 per cent of GDP this fiscal. The rupee is likely to be at 61.3 per dollar by end-2014 and 62 level by end-2015, she said.
According to Nomura, the Reserve Bank has likely reduced its foreign exchange intervention stance.
"Authorities are backing off from there (forex) intervention stance because we think they have accumulated the reserves they wanted to accumulate," Nomura MD and Head of FX Strategy (Asia ex-Japan) Craig Chan said.
Story first published on: December 05, 2014 22:48 (IST)

RBI working on consumer rights charterRBI working on consumer rights charter
Our Bureau
Tweet
Chennai, December 5:  
The RBI is working towards bringing out a charter on consumer rights, said Umashankar Paliwal, Executive Director of the apex bank. Addressing a conference on Consumer Product Safety, he pointed out that a draft charter comprising five rights – to fair treatment, transparency, honest dealing, suitability, privacy, grievance redress and compensation – to deal with RBI-regulated entities has been put up for public comments.
He also appealed to consumers to exercise caution and avoid falling prey to online lottery scams that ask people to pay ‘service charges’ to transfer large sums of money to their bank accounts, and other Ponzi schemes.
Delivering the inaugural address at the event, sponsored by the US Consulate in Chennai, US Consul General Philip Min said the key goal of the seminar was to identify specific action to create a Consumer Product Safety Authority here on the model of the US’ Consumer Product Safety Commission.
K Desiraju, Secretary, Union Ministry of Consumer Affairs, said the Ministry is working towards bringing in the amendments to the Consumer Protection Act 1986, which is likely to be passed during the winter session of Parliament.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

Gangnam Style s Relentless Popularity Forces YouTube To Tweak Its Counters (Updated)reddit
The "Gangnam Style" music video has been viewed so many times, not even YouTube can keep up.
Yes, people still watch "Gangnam Style," and they have pushed the view count on Psy's viral music video to more than 2.15 billion since it was first posted in 2012.
Yes, billion.
YouTube never expected one of its videos to garner such a large number of views. In a post on Monday, the company said the YouTube system wasn't prepared. "We never thought a video would be watched in numbers greater than a 32-bit integer (=2,147,483,647 views)," the post reads.
As a result, the YouTube view counter stopped counting views after 2,147,483,647. The company said it plans to upgrade the number.
Now, when you hover your mouse over the number of views on the site, the counter goes crazy to signify that the record has been broken. Here's what it looks like:
Kim Kardashian may have tried to break the Internet , but it turns out Psy actually did it.
UPDATE: After publication, YouTube clarified to The Huffington Post that the counter was never actually "broken," but that the song's popularity had forced the company to update its counter.
More:

IC  December 6 highlightsLast updated: December 5, 2014 5:23 pm
Highlights from this week’s Investors Chronicle
Investors Chronicle reporters
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/61e90976-7aed-11e4-8646-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Pakistan mainstreaming terrorism  says MEANEW DELHI, December 5, 2014
Updated: December 5, 2014 23:56 IST
Pakistan mainstreaming terrorism, says MEA
Suhasini Haidar
Hafiz Saeed of Jamaat Ud Dawa addresses a rally in this file photo. Photo:AP
TOPICS
unrest, conflicts and war
“Extending facilities to a designated terror entity including providing train services, is nothing short of mainstreaming terrorism”
In the first official statement on the rally conducted by Pakistan’s Jamaat Ud Dawa in Lahore, India accused Pakistan of “mainstreaming terrorism”.
Making a sharp attack on Pakistan government authorities for facilitating the two-day ‘Ijtida’ addressed by Hafiz Saeed, indicted for the 2008 Mumbai terror attacks, the government spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said, “This was an event at a national monument in Pakistan, with police deployed for security and advertised all across Pakistan. The rally was held by an organisation, that has been banned not only by India, but also the U.S., U.K, Australia and under the U.N. resolution 1267. Extending these sort of facilities to a designated terror entity including providing train services, is nothing short of mainstreaming terrorism.”
On Thursday, while addressing the ‘Ijtida’ at Lahore’s ‘Minaar e Pakistan’ monument, Saeed criticized elections in Jammu and Kashmir, saying they “cannot be a substitute for a plebiscite”.
During his sermon on Friday, Saeed went a step further, saying, “Ghazwae Hind is inevitable, Kashmir will be freed, 1971 will be avenged and Ahmedabad Gujarat victims will get justice Insha Allah.” Ghazwae Hind is a term that refers to an Al-Qaeda promoted doctrine of war against India. Saeed’s speech was live-streamed over the internet from the Lahore venue.
India has not made a direct protest against Saeed and the Jamaat Ud Dawa’s latest rally to the Pakistan government. However, in the past few months, the government has issued demarches to the Pakistan high commission over Saeed’s public rallies where he has made anti-India statements, as well as repeated delays in the 26/11 Mumbai attack trial against LeT in Pakistan.

UK in fresh spat with Spain on GibraltarAir traffic changes spark UK spat with Spain on Gibraltar
Duncan Robinson in Brussels
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/38e5dd92-7c9b-11e4-b944-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Something rotten in ChhattisgarhSunil Sethi: Something rotten in Chhattisgarh
Sunil Sethi |  Dec 05, 2014 10:42 PM IST
In 1940, the British-born anthropologist Verrier Elwin, who spent his working life documenting the customs and defending the rights of tribal communities in India, moved to Bastar in present-day Chhattisgarh. Some of his pioneering studies, such as The Muria and their Ghotul on the social and sexual practices of a tribe, were produced in the several years he spent there. In letters and essays he described the land as "unbelievably peaceful"; its people as "gentle, friendly, with no desire for property or power". He contrasted the "vigorous and healthy" tribal life of Bastar with the "decay and inertia ... reform-stricken and barren" tribal districts of Central Provinces (now Madhya Pradesh), where he had earlier lived.
There are several reasons for Elwin's account to ring out loud today: till his death in 1964, the renegade missionary-and-Gandhian-turned-passionate prophet of the oppressed repeatedly warned that sudden, ill-conceived intrusions into tribal lands, their culture and way of life would wreck havoc. His words, his work and life are scrupulously recorded in a new updated and revised edition of Ramachandra Guha's remarkable biography Savaging the Civilised: Verrier Elwin, His Tribals and India (Penguin; Rs 599) that is just out.
Dr Guha's powerful epilogue makes a strong case for why the ongoing Maoist onslaught has turned Bastar (and adjoining districts of Sukma, Dantewada and Bijapur) in southern Chhattisgarh into the epicentre of the insurgency, with 14 more security personnel gunned down this week by "red rebels" who used villagers as human shields. In 2006, former prime minister Manmohan Singh called the Maoists the "single biggest internal security challenge ever faced by our country". Official data confirm that more security personnel are killed in the Maoist-infested districts of Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand and Odisha - at the rate of one every three days - than in Jammu and Kashmir or the Northeast. Over 1,000 civilians have been killed in the last three years, including the attack on Vidya Charan Shukla and 25 others that virtually wiped out the state Congress leadership in the summer of 2013.
That something is really rotten in the state of Chhattisgarh is borne out by the tragic death of 16 women, mostly tribals and Dalits, last month in squalid, ill-equipped sterilisation camps in Bilaspur district, not far from Raipur, the state capital. A 37-page investigation released this week by four independent health organisations led by the Population Foundation of India gives the grim details: the women perished not, as was supposed, because of spurious drugs but because of dismal insanitary conditions ("The sweeper cleaned the walls with a mop," confirms an eyewitness ), rushed laparoscopic surgeries (83 women were operated in one-and-a-half hours, that is, one-and-a-half minute per surgery as opposed to the prescribed five-six minutes), insufficient medical staff, inadequate equipment and scarce precautions before, during and after the procedures ("… none of the staff changed their hand gloves in between procedures … the same injection needle and syringe, and the suture needles were used for all cases … only one laparoscope was used, while the Ministry of Health & Family Welfare prescribes three for 30 patients"). It is not that the sterilisations were involuntary: the women desired them to control family size. But they seemingly fell into the toils of officials seeking to meet incentive-based sterilisation targets.
Returning to the Chhattisgarh districts in pursuit of the Elwin story (his book was first published in 1999) Dr Guha's new epilogue gives both sides of the development-versus-exclusion debate that has turned the region into the country's killing fields. He compares the condition of tribals to Dalits - despite reservations, and even when not displaced by development projects, they do not have access to decent schools, hospitals or gainful employment. Statistical evidence by demographer Arup Maharatna supports the claim that Scheduled Tribes have lower literacy rates, higher school dropout rates and greater numbers under the poverty line than Dalits. Economist Jean Dreze describes their situation as one of "the merciless exploitation of tribal people by non-tribals: landlords, traders, contractors, politicians, forest guards, government officials and others". In six decades, says Dr Guha, the Bastar adivasi has come to perceive the new sarkar mostly as exploiter.
"Verrier Elwin," he writes, "found the Bastar tribals at peace, but now they were at war - with each other. He wrote of the Maria of Dantewada that they were 'communistic people' who 'still have a great deal of village solidarity.' Now each village was split down the middle. Had Elwin seen Bastar today he would have wept. I know I did."

3 Simple Steps to Get Back in Control of Your Dayreddit
Time to get real.  As the CEO of your company it's likely that you're currently pulled in so many directions that it often feels like you don't own your day, rather your day (and the demands it brings) owns you.
In fact, one comment I consistently hear from business owners whom I meet at the conference I am speaking at is that because they are wearing so many hats, and have so many demands on their time, that they just don't know where to start to get back on top of their day.
And as a result, they waste hours putting out fires that just help today but don't really build value for tomorrow.
Are you ready for this to change?  Here is a simple three-step formula you can apply each week to get back in control of your business day.  The goal is to help you gain the order you need to build a business you love owning again, even in the face of all the conflicting demands on your time and attention.
So here is the answer, as easy as 1...2...3...
Step 1:  Start your day by asking what ONE thing could you do today that in 30 minutes or less would have the biggest impact on your business?
I caution you to be ruthlessly realistic about what you can get done in 30 minutes.  Chunk down a larger project into the one piece you could bite off and get done in just 30 minutes of focused time.
Step 2:  Commit to doing that one thing before you do anything else -- before you lose yourself to email... return that phone call... or jump into your first staff meeting...
This may require you to change how you schedule the first moments of your day, or to come into the office 30 minutes earlier.
But I'm not asking much -- just for you to start your day with the most important and valuable thing you can do that day in 30 minutes or less.  Come on, you can do this!
Step 3:  At the end of the week, take 5 minutes and go back over your week and list out the five biggest victories you had that week in your business.
Why is this step so important?  Because if you want to shape behavior you need to make the progress you're making visible.  And my observation after working with thousands of business owners is that we stink at this.  We are so busy seeing how much is left to do, we rarely give ourselves or our staffs credit for all the progress we have made.
So if you want to sustain your new behavior over time, I urge you to invest the five minutes capturing your weekly victories at the end of each week.  Share them with your team.  Encourage them to do the same 1...2...3... steps that you are.  And watch your business flourish!
Follow David Finkel on Twitter: www.twitter.com/mauimasterminds
More:

JIM WATSON / AFP - Getty Imagesjim watson / afp - getty images
Don t Make Your Shoppers Feel Like Scroogesreddit
Would you like to contribute $1 to education? $5 to eradicate cancer? $10 to support homeless pets? Questions like these are an increasingly common part of the retail experience for shoppers who get hit up for donations at cash register after cash register.  And, this season there seem to be more "checkout charity" campaigns than ever.
Reuters recently asked me to comment on this phenomenon, asking if I thought these campaigns worked or not. I said our research indicates that, in general, checkout donation initiatives do not drive sales. That's not to say they don't do good or have merit. And it's not to say that they can't drive growth -- at least in some categories or through some executions. But speaking from my own personal experience, I would have to say that in general checkout charity doesn't make me feel better about the retailer or make me want to spend more. In fact, quite the opposite is often the case. Having a sales clerk ask me if I would like to donate before she/he rings up my purchase makes me feel ambushed... and guilty if I say no. That makes me resent the store for putting me in that position. It's not that I am not philanthropic. I am.  But my personal giving is strategic not merely opportunistic.  It focuses on causes I care deeply about and on supporting organizations that I'm confident deliver the social outcomes I am seeking to achieve.  And I don't think I am alone in this.
One reason checkout charity is so common is because it's easy and because companies can end up looking generous -- sometimes without even investing a dime of their own money.  So, I get the appeal.  But does it really drive your brand if the shopper is turned off or simply confused as to why this store is working with this charity?  For example, what does a grocery store really have to do with cancer research?  I'm not sure.  But a grocery store teaming up with Feeding America, now that would make sense.  Or Toys R Us partnering with Save the Children. I get that. Heck, even my 10-year-old gets that -- and she chooses to donate because it resonates with her.
So, I'm not saying stop all checkout charity. But, if you are going to do it, do it right.  Here are three simple ideas to make those efforts less offensive to those of us who are not fans but are devoted shoppers:
1) Have skin in the game. Rather than just asking shoppers for extra dollars, companies should match donations -- at least one for one.
2) Instead of forcing a hasty yes or no response, help me understand the bigger picture. Why should I invest in your cause? How is my checkout donation part of a larger strategy to create meaningful social change?
3) And finally, stop making your sales clerks ask. Make the display prominent and easy for people to contribute to but don't force me into a "yes" or "no" answer right on the spot.  Use a sign not a voice.  I'll let you know if I want to support your cause.  And if I choose to donate, as opposed to feeling pressured, I'll get that "warm glow" of giving that we'd all love to feel this time of year.
Follow Perry Yeatman on Twitter: www.twitter.com/@perryyeatman
More:

So You re Hiring a Consultant -- A Few Do s and Dont sreddit
After close to 30 years in consulting, we're proud to say we've worked with and for executives from some of the finest companies in the world .  In many cases, these relationships have long outlasted the engagements that gave rise to them.  In some cases, what began as working relationships, have even developed into long-lasting friendships, often spanning very different cultures and geographies.
Thankfully, looking back, we can say this represents the bulk of our experience.  But, along the way, it's also true that we've had encounters and relationships that proved to be significantly less desirable and successful.
So what makes the difference?  And how should you approach a consulting relationship in order to make sure you get the most out of the consultants you hire and the investments you make?
Here are a few tips "from the horse's mouth."  We hope they help to make your next investment in consulting services more profitable - not to mention enjoyable - for both you and your "hired help."
The Vetting Process - Remember, It's a Two-Way Street!
Perhaps the first mistake some clients make is to approach the consultant vetting process as though it exists just for them.  Of course, this thinking goes, if we select "consultant X," they'll obviously take the engagement.  But we can tell you from our own experience that's not necessarily the case. And we have "walked" on more than one occasion when "the signs" have suggested to us the likelihood of an unworkable or otherwise undesirable situation.
The truth is, the vetting process is everyone's opportunity to evaluate both parties' work practices, cultural norms, levels of courtesy, responsiveness and professionalism.  More substantively, it's the consultants' first glimpse at the conditions under which they will have to work and will be expected to deliver results.
Here are a few questions to ask yourself, then, about how evenhandedly and effectively you're conducting your consultant vetting process:  Are you being reasonable about the amount of a consultant's time you're asking for during the vetting process for conference calls, proposal generation, sales calls, follow-up, etc.?
You'll undoubtedly be asking a prospective consultant to provide tax information, sign confidentiality agreements, develop statements of work, etc., etc.  Are you prepared to be as open to, concerned with and responsive to their requests to process their documents - letters of agreement, cancellation clauses, etc., etc.?
These are just a few of the areas that serve to convey to your would-be outside service provider just how collaborative a working partner you're likely to be as a client.  Consequently, it's important to remember that while you're evaluating them, they're also evaluating you!
You're Buying Outside Expertise - Use It!
Perhaps one of the most common mistakes we see potential clients make is to sub-optimize the very expertise they're buying.  You should hire a consultant because you've identified a problem you'd like some help with. You shouldn't hire them to implement what you think the solution is. Remember, they are the ones with the expertise in this area.  After all, that's the reason you're seeking outside help in the first place:  because you don't have their kind of expertise inside your company, right?
Therefore, give your outside expert the leeway to assess and analyze your situation so that they can advise you on a solution based on their expertise.  That's how you get the most value for the investment in consulting you're making.
Then, in order to further ensure that the consulting work gets the results you're seeking, have the flexibility to provide your external consultant with the support and conditions they need to have the best shot at success.  Some of the biggest obstacles to effective consulting are client-caused conditions, work-practices, or policies that hamper implementation effectiveness and, therefore, ultimate project success.  And when that happens, of course, you know who gets blamed!
Don't Forget Candor and Trust
There are fewer statements truer of today's world than to say that we live in cynical times.  It's also perhaps true that candor is one of the most valuable - if, perhaps, underused - commodities in business.  But candor is precisely what's needed - from both parties - during the run-up to a consulting engagement.
Ironically, though, we sometimes have the sense that clients feel compelled to "play it close to the vest," to "protect" themselves in the early stages of a relationship with consultants.  In reality, however, this wariness is no protection at all; it's an obstacle.
Clients get the most for their investment when they engage candidly in a business partnering relationship.  Under these circumstances, most consultants, treated like partners, will "go the extra mile" for a client, maximizing a client's consulting dollars.  It all comes down to the old saying "you get more with honey than with fire."
Remember the "Golden Rule"
Much of what we've talked about above can be boiled down to one concept: reciprocity - the time-honored "golden rule."  There are clients who operate from a sense of power and who see the "carrot" represented by possible consulting fees as "leverage" to control the relationship.  Theirs is a "master/servant" or at least "boss/subordinate" view of the consulting/client relationship.  Fortunately, in our experience, these clients are in the minority, but they are still more prevalent than is good for their own interests.
Instead, we're arguing here for a consultant/client relationship that represents an authentic partnership.  In that context, values like candor, trust, responsiveness, communication, professionalism operate in both directions to the benefit of both parties in the engagement.  In other words, you should want a colleague and an equal partner.  And if that's what you're looking for, then that's how you should treat them.
A Viable, Independent Partner
Ask yourself this:  If the consultant you're vetting tolerates the most one-sided, non-reciprocal kind of treatment, could it be because they're desperate for your business?  And if so, what might that say about how busy they are?  And what might that say about how competent they are?
Our experience tells us that smart clients want - or, at least, should want - consultants who welcome their business but don't desperately need it.  These are consultants who are viable, independent partners, who will tell you what they think you need to hear and not what they think you want to hear.
It's in this spirit of independence and candor that we've offered these comments on how best to approach the important challenge of sourcing and working with outside consultants who can potentially add significant value to your company's efforts.  We hope these recommendations bear fruit for you the next time you're looking to bring outside experts into your company!
Ray Gagnon is Principal of Gagnon Associates , a management consulting firm with a long-standing practice in Strategic Planning , GE Work-Out and Business Process Improvement , located in Metro-West Boston, Massachusetts, USA.
More:
Click here to view Conversations
Conversations

Open Letter to Bob Geldof and TribeDear all,
Congratulations for celebrating 30 years of Band Aid. I am sure you are happy with the outcome!
I wasn't going to write another letter, but today waking up from New York City, not far from the United Nations Headquarters, father of the specialized agency responsible of the word health, I felt inspired. I've been talking to various African networks and wonderful people who wished me to write another letter and explaining you why your initiative was a bad idea, so this is what I would like to say and I am saying this as an African and in the spirit of kindness, sharing ideas and collaboration.
Africans are concerned that you are again taking their power away. Most of them don't have the network and power you have in mobilising millions of people; they possibly do not have the marketing capacity and power of persuasion to call world leaders in a close of an eye. Africans do not want to fight with you!
Africans are concerned that those people around you have led you to believed or supported you in your belief, that is it perfectly fine to celebrate 30 years of Band Aid by mobilising a new generations of western musicians to make a music for the Ebola in Africa where only three countries out of 54 are really affected.
Views are mixed about Live Aid, I am sure you know that! Many people appreciate the fact that you can kick politicians' asses to raise awareness around poverty in Africa, they appreciate the fact you can add your voices for money to be given to good causes helping the most vulnerable but the fact you choose to celebrate Band Aid 30th birthday by using the Ebola Crisis is very ill intended.
In no way I am condemning the fact that you want to raise awareness about this dreadful virus, which is killing thousand of Africans. Ebola is brutal and deadly we know this Bob, hence the African business leaders from sectors including banking and mining came together recently, and committed $28.5 million and logistical support at a meeting in the Ethiopian capital of Addis Ababa , the same Ethiopia you called the world to support 30 years ago. How ironic! Leaders have promised that the money will be managed by the African Development Bank -- which has also provided over $220 million in support -- and overseen by the African Union, will be used to support doctors, nurses and lab technicians. Is that not good enough? An African-led initiative, done by Africans!
I am happy to hear that many people still want to help Africa and you can comfortably bring people together and sell them your humanity idea, and even a new generation of musicians are also willing to use their music to join in.
Here is my problem and also the problem of many voices in Africa and outside -- we are really dissatisfied with the way celebrities like you think that they can just wake up and decide to do things on the name of Africa. I hope that you will pay close attention to what I am conveying to you.
Again, I know you want to help Africa and Africans, like millions of people around the world. I also know that you have African friends that you wish to support in any way that you can. I know you are doing your best to get Africa in to the public eye and reaching out to world leaders to make them more aware of Africa's problems, an influence that your money and connections buys you. But I and many other Africans feel strongly that it is no longer appropriate to organise concerts or come up with music each time there is an outbreak of famine or disease in Africa.
It frustrate us that you cannot see this for yourselves and that there appears to be nobody in your entourage who is making you understand that is demeaning to Africans.
Perhaps you are so convinced that we need to always raise awareness or educate the west to care about Africa and give, but when will this stop? Africa is not an educational project for the west. We are growing as a continent and want to be respected as a continent. We have a collective intelligence that can help the continent progress without you always intervening. We don't want the NGO's to take over the health services, the government should be doing this.
When will this nonsense stop? Africa has 55 African billionaires, with a net worth totaling $161.7 billion.
When will this stop, when millions of dollars jave been poured to Africa for the last 30 years to build health infrastructure, eradicate poverty, empower governments to become self sufficient?
Some will defend your intentions, but the rest feel resentment and frustration at your continued high profile and your influence, despite your decades-long status as 'friends of Africa'.
The Africa you knew in the '80s and '90s has changed dramatically. The African Diaspora has matured and the African people have progressed. They are now working hard in and outside Africa and they are telling you that a constructive discussion about the future of the continent cannot take place with you at the helm.
Here are a few ideas that would perhaps enable new spokespeople to emerge and make it possible for you to step down gracefully and leave a positive legacy:
Start empowering and promoting African musicians effectively, engage the grassroots in your discussions, share your expertise with humility.
Bear in mind that Africa need partners, not masters.
Speak to and learn from the African Diaspora and the many amazing Africans who are already successful.
Be more approachable, even to those who might be critical to your views. Africa must be able to argue, disagree with you with out being intellectually or emotionally aggressed or dismissed. Celebrities have influence, but do not necessarily have the answers.
Do not impose 'solutions' on Africans.
Listen, learn and then engage with the African grassroots, civil society rather than hanging around with few elites because have network and connections.
Africa must not be divided, we have a youth than you can mobilise to change their continent, do it rather than playing it safe.
Yours sincerely,

As State Bank too cuts deposit rates  era of cheaper loans get closerIndian rupee slips past psychological $63 mark to hit 13-month low
With large public and private sector banks cutting term deposit rates in quick succession, banks are likely to cut loan rates early next year.
The country’s largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) on Friday cut its deposit rates for maturities of over one year by 0.25%.
SBI is the third bank after private sector lenders ICICI Bank, the country’s second-largest bank, and HDFC Bank to reduce deposit rates during the week. In fact, this is the fourth time SBI has trimmed deposit rates in the last five months.
SBI chairman Arundhati Bhattacharya had recently said that loan rates would start trending downwards through a compression of spreads but had added that deposit rates also needed to come down.
“We led the deposit rate cut a while back and a few bigger banks cut their rates about three weeks back and so, some of the bigger banks are now beginning to cut on their deposit rates. As and when that gets entrenched and the deposit rates trend downwards you can also see some kind of result in cuts in the base rates,” Bhattacharya had said.
In a regulatory filing on Friday, SBI said it has lowered deposit rates by 25 basis points (bps) to 8.5% for deposits maturing between one and three years. The bank has also revised its term deposit rates for maturities of three to five years, and five years and above to 8.5% and 8.25%, respectively. These rates would also be applicable, SBI said, for NRE deposits of one year and above.
Private sector lender Axis Bank has also cut rates by up to 75 bps on term deposits below one year and by 15-25 bps in select maturities above one year, effective December 8.
According to Siddharth Rath, head of treasury at Axis Bank, there is a secular downward trend of deposit rates, which could lead to base rate cuts also.
“Base rate cut will hinge on when the RBI announces a cut in repo rate,” he told FE.
A few days ago ICICI Bank and HDFC Bank trimmed their fixed deposit rates below Rs 1 crore by 25 bps and 25-50 bps, respectively, in select maturities. At present, ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank and SBI have their base rates at 10%, the lowest in the industry. Private sector lender Axis Bank is the only bank that lowered its base rate by 10 bps in October.
Deposit rates have come off beginning July this year when SBI cut its term deposit rates by 25-50 bps in certain categories. Flush with funds and finding a mismatch in credit demand, banks have been cutting deposit rates for the last five months.
Analysts said that with lower cost of funds, a result of lower interest paid on deposits, banks are likely to pass on the benefit to customers with a cut in base rates. The base rate is the lowest lending rate of a bank.
Growth of non-food credit, which has consistently fallen from 14.2% (year-on-year growth) in the beginning of FY15 to 9.7% in the September 19 fortnight, slightly recovered to 11.14% for the fortnight ended November 14. Deposits, on the other hand, grew 12.16% y-o-y to Rs 82.53 lakh crore for the fortnight ended November 14.
In October, SBI had lowered interest rates by 100 bps to 5% for deposits maturing between seven and 45 days. In an earlier instance, SBI had revised its term deposit rates in September also when it cut retail term deposit rates by 25 bps for certain tenures. Analysts said that the gradual change in deposit rates will allow the bank to improve its net interest income over time.
Other public sector banks to revise their deposit rates were Punjab National Bank (PNB), Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) and Bank of Baroda. While PNB revised rates of bulk deposits, OBC trimmed rates in the retail segment.
TAGS: State Bank Of India
More from bankingampfinance

Telcos may get more time to switch over to new spectrumDefence helps build Tatas’ war chest
Mobile subscribers in Delhi and Mumbai will be spared of further call drops and network congestion as the department of telecommunications (DoT) has agreed to offer a 45-day extension — till January 14, 2015 — to Bharti Airtel and Vodafone for migrating to new frequencies.
The DoT has recommended to the telecom commission that “the joint proposal submitted by Bharti Airtel, Vodafone India and Idea Cellular for Delhi service area may be considered for allowing Vodafone to use 3 MHz spectrum that was allotted to Idea Cellular during the transition period (up to January 14, 2015) in Delhi service area”. Telecom Commission is the highest decision making body on policy matters relating to the sector.
For Mumbai circle, DoT has recommended the commission to consider allowing Vodafone to use 1.8 MHz spectrum allotted to Bharti Airtel during the transition period which is upto December 15, 2014, for changeover of frequencies in 900 MHz band in the circle. The telecom commission is expected to meet on Monday to take a final call on the matter.
The DoT’s recommendation on extension of time for a changeover is based on the joint proposal by the telcos. DoT said the operators have agreed to pay spectrum usage charges (SUC) as per the actual allocation from the date of earmarking or allocation of spectrum
The 20-year licence for 900 MHz for Bharti Airtel and Vodafone India for Delhi, Mumbai and Kolkata circles lapsed last month.
Earlier, the operators had blamed DoT for delaying allotment of new spectrum which they had bagged in the auctions held in February and demanded more time for the switchover.
Telecom regulator Trai had also warned DoT that services may be disrupted partially from December due to delay by DoT in fresh spectrum allocation to Bharti Airtel and Vodafone. These operators have about 20 million mobile subscribers in Delhi, which account for 45% of the total subscriber base.
Both Vodafone and Bharti Airtel have given up a share of their 900 MHz which they had in Delhi, Mumbai and Kolkata. While in Delhi, Bharti retained 5 MHz of the 8 MHz which it had earlier bagged in the February auction. Similarly, Vodafone also gave up 2 MHz of 900 MHz spectrum in Delhi from 8 MHz to 6 MHz. On other hand, Idea, which did not have 900 MHz band of airwaves, now has 5 MHz.
In Mumbai, Bharti Airtel has agreed to allow Vodafone use its 1.8 MHz of 900 band spectrum from November 29, 2014, to December 15, 2014. In Kolkata, Vodafone will use 0.4 MHz  of Bharti in addition to its holding of 7.8 MHz.
Both Bharti and Vodafone have acquired additional 1,800 MHz spectrum to make up for the 900 MHz loss. Mobile signals transmitted in 900 MHz band cover almost double area compared to signals transmitted in 1800 MHz band.
TAGS: Bharti Airtel Mobile Subscribers Spectrum Vodafone India
More from companies

Gujarat tops list of vanishing companiesBiz leaders in manufacturing sector optimistic about next  year: Survey
Gujarat tops the list of vanishing firms, said corporate affairs minister Arun Jaitley in Lok Sabha. While Odisha and Punjab have least number of ‘vanishing’ or ‘fly by night’ firms with one each, Gujarat has 17 such firms.
“Companies which after raising funds through public issues fail to file documents and balance sheets and become untraceable are called vanishing companies,” said Jaitley. Andra Pradesh (13), Tamil Nadu (10) and Maharastra (9) hold second, third and fourth spots, respectively.
Jaitley said 78 companies are categorised as ‘vanishing’ with a total Rs 310.21 crore of untraceable public money. FIRs have been lodged against these firms and “a coordinating and monitoring committee” is already in place “to identify and monitor” their activities, he said.
TAGS: Arun Jaitley
More from economy
Tamil Nadu govt floats tenders for 11 lakh laptops The Tamil Nadu government has floated tenders for issuing about 11 lakh computers to students under the free laptop...

HK protest leader Joshua Wong counts on youth power© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3dc4df2c-7bb3-11e4-a695-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The hit podcast investigating murderThe Diary — James Crabtree
. . .
Serial has been praised for the rigour of its journalism, and its presentation of multiple perspectives on the murder. For Melanie Bunce, a lecturer in journalism at City University in London and a self-confessed Serial addict, this has reduced the ethical doubts around it. “I can understand that people feel [the show is] making a drama of real people’s lives,” she says. “But . . . it’s more important than just entertainment.”
It is also true that Koenig is telling a story to entertain her listeners. And as it entertains them it cannot but bring back, in all its agonising detail, the murder of a beloved daughter, sister and friend to her family and other companions.
While some listeners express a moral “queasiness”, it does not seem to have inhibited others from, for example, speculating online about how it would be “much more fun” if Jay, a friend of Syed’s who received a plea bargain for testifying against him, turned out to be a “charming sociopath”.
The treatment of Jay, in particular, highlights the ethical dilemmas raised by Serial. Because the big question for listeners is, if Syed did not murder Lee, who did? Koenig’s careful reporting boundaries, intrusive as even they can sometimes seem, are not consistently respected on social media. Jay’s conversation with Koenig was not, at his behest, recorded and his surname is not used in the podcasts. Online, however, users dig through court records, school photographs and the postings of the judge involved in the case.
They also name names where Koenig does not, speculate wildly about Jay and other potential suspects, and pinpoint locations not just of the school or shops that were important landmarks in the murder trial but of people’s houses.
Bunce argues that the programme shows that “we could be liberating podcast content from the historical dependence on radio stations and institutions”. But for others the explosion of online material around Serial is more an indicator of how journalists are increasingly losing control of content.
Emily Bell, a former Guardian journalist who is now director of the Tow Center for Digital Journalism, pinpointed this malaise in the Reuters Memorial Lecture she gave last month. “If there is a free press, journalists are no longer in charge of it,” she said. “In encouraging the world to publish, the platform technologies now have a social purpose and responsibility far beyond their original intent.”
It is a responsibility that, Bell suggests, both journalists and social media have, so far, failed to live up to. Though some of Serial’s listeners, describing themselves as “purists”, refuse to take part in the multitude of debates that surround the show, more typical is the Slate Serial Spoiler host who says: “I can’t remember what it’s like to listen to just the Serial podcast feed.”
For, if Serial’s sprawl beyond its original podcast poses dangers, it also presents opportunities. “Producers have to take [social media] into the planning process,” says Bunce. “This has been growing for a while, fans wanting to be engaged in the making of a show.”
Indeed, Koenig is still editing the content of future Serial episodes, in part to take account of new contributions from listeners. On the other hand, it could also be argued that the path the show navigates between reporting and entertainment merely highlights an age-old conundrum for journalists. “Artistry is not the enemy,” says Katy Waldman in the Slate Serial Spoiler she co-hosts. “If you can tell the story well, it’s not disrespectful to Hae.”
. . .
Serial’s entertainment value similarly divides listeners over how new a format it really is. Bunce says the programme is as “new and radical” as Truman Capote’s In Cold Blood once was. Published in 1966, Capote’s book both shocked and captivated readers by using the pace and style of a novel to tell the true story of the 1959 murders of the Kansas farmer Herbert Clutter, his wife, and two of their four children.
But many of the offshoots of Serial’s success look pretty old and unradical. As well as discussing the show on social media, listeners are also talking about it in person — forming discussion groups at the Algonquin Hotel in New York (at a “sound table” to rival Dorothy Parker’s famous Round Table meetings there) or meeting up to listen to the podcast together. Its success may have less to do with new media and more to do with preoccupations familiar to every age and stage of history.
For Michael Bromley, professor in international journalism at City University, as for many Serial listeners, the podcast works because it has “gone back to an older style of journalism ” in which the investigation unfolds in a more winding and almost leisurely way than most modern storytelling.
Serial’s narrative style mimics the way we think, hesitant, unconvinced by something one minute, changing our mind the next. Koenig’s frank avowals of her uncertainties or, at times, her discouragements echo a universal human condition. “It seems to me we crave some way of understanding the immense complexity of life,” says Bromley.
. . .
While Serial may not represent a real departure from storytelling and reporting through the ages, it may do something more useful, and that is to provide a convincing model of how such reporting can be paid for. According to Edison Research, about 39m Americans, 15 per cent of the over-12 population, listened to a podcast last month, up from 12 per cent in 2013 and 9 per cent in 2008. Making money from them has, however, proved tantalisingly difficult. Paying per episode has not taken off, and providing potential advertisers with predicted audience size has been a very inexact science.
But as Serial has taken off, it has captured the attention of advertisers. Sponsored from the outset by email marketing provider MailChimp, it is now also supported by website publisher Squarespace, Amazon’s audio publishing arm Audible and NYT Now. These companies, themselves products of the digital revolution, see new opportunities in the close connection that forms between listeners and the voices in their ears.
“We’re seeing brands get very interested [in podcasts] because they see it as a way to have an intimate connection with listeners,” says Matt Lieber, co-founder of Gimlet Media, a new Brooklyn-based podcasting venture.
According to its chief executive Adam Sachs, Midroll, a podcast advertising company that places commercials in more than 150 shows, charges rates of between $20 and $30 per thousand impressions (calculated on a projected number of downloads per episode) — about five times the cost for traditional radio advertising. MailChimp says it paid in the range of $25-to $40 per thousand impressions for Serial. With downloads far exceeding the producers’ initial estimates, MailChimp “is getting a very good deal”, says Emily Condon.
MailChimp has benefited not just from its paid advertising but from the social media conversation. Even a mangled pronunciation of MailChimp from the company’s in-show ad has received more than 3,100 mentions (#MailKimp) on social media, according to Brandwatch. The company says it does not measure sign-ups resulting from podcast advertising — and Audible also declined to discuss the impact of its Serial ads — but Mark DiCristina, MailChimp’s marketing director, told Ad Week magazine that the company had seen a rise in sign-ups since the show started.
©Courtesy of ‘Serial’
Sarah Koenig, the reporter whose podcast ‘Serial’ investigates the crime and the conviction of Syed, who was jailed for the murder
Originally funded chiefly by the popular US radio programme This American Life, Serial may not need many “sponsors” (as podcast producers call their advertisers) for a second season. In episode nine, in a move familiar to regular audiences of US public radio and television broadcasters, Koenig made an appeal to listeners to donate, and one week later Serial’s producers announced that “between the money [listeners] donated and sponsorship, we will be able to make a second season”, although they declined to put a figure on the amount raised.
The listener-supported model has been successfully employed by other podcasts. For example, Radiotopia, a podcast network backed by PRX, a public media company that helps distribute This American Life, recently raised more than $620,000 on Kickstarter.
Of course, whether Serial’s funding model will provide a blueprint for other podcasts is, like the success of a second series, not a done deal. Much could depend on how this series ends. Although Koenig has said there could be more, the show is expected to have 12 episodes. And, while it appears clear by now that Syed’s conviction is unsound (his lawyers have pursued an appeals process for some years, and there will be a hearing in January), the big question for most listeners is whether, at the end of the programme, she will be able to tell us whether Syed is guilty or not of Lee’s murder.
“You might not stay listening if you didn’t think there was going to be resolution,” says Melanie Bunce. The format may not be reusable if the outcome disappoints. Koenig herself is unapologetic about the possibility.
“I’d rather disappoint many, many people than make some conclusion just because I’ve got to make . . . a satisfying story,” she told Slate’s Mike Pesca. “I hope that’s not where I lead all of my listeners but . . . I don’t know.”
If she doesn’t provide one, argued Pesca in the same interview, “the internet will rise up in a collective wail” and he pleaded with Koenig to reassure him that Serial would not “wind up being a contemplation on the nature of truth”.
For others, that possibility, or the light Serial has shed on the US justice system, the nature of investigative journalism, and even, more simply, how we tell whether people we know are telling the truth, are good enough takeaways from the series. The lack of a definitive conclusion would be disappointing but, as one Maryland-based listener put it, “that’s the nature of real life”.
“I feel like the word for this whole series has been ‘ambiguity’,” says another, 28-year-old Anna Maltby Patil. “The crime was ambiguous, the ‘evidence’ was ambiguous, the characters involved have been ambiguous, everyone’s opinions about the podcast itself have been pretty ambiguous. I think we’ll be able to do a lot of interpretation about that but I don’t know that Sarah is going to provide it for us . . . I don’t think I’ll feel let down, because the storytelling and the experience has been so amazing.”
Sarah Gordon is the FT’s business editor, Shannon Bond is its US media and marketing correspondent
Photographs: Courtesy of ‘Serial’; Baltimore Sun
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2014. You may share using our article tools.
Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web.

FT Fasterclass: Sprinting with Michael Johnson© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/68d701fc-7b3d-11e4-87d4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Inside the home of Tech City UKs chief executiveDecember 5, 2014 5:47 pm
Tech City UK’s chief executive on Britain’s digital ambitions
Alexander Gilmour
Gerard Grech explains why the country is well on its way to becoming a digital powerhouse
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7dc5250c-76f7-11e4-8273-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Mangalore Chemicals soars on fresh open offer by ZuariDirect equity set to top FDs as biggest asset class in FY15: Report
Shares of UB group firm Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilisers (MCF) rallied as much as 14% in Friday’s trade after Kolkata-based Saroj Poddar-led Zuari group made yet another open offer to increase its stake in MCF . Shares ended the session at R90.85, up R4.70 or 5.5% while the benchmark Sensex closed down 104.72 points or 0.4% at 28458.10.
In a late evening filing with the bourses on Thursday, Zuari Fertilisers and Chemicals stated that it was announcing an open offer for additional 3.07 crore shares or 25.90% stake in MCF,, at an offer price of R91.92 per share. It is making this offer in concert with Zuari Agro Chemicals.
The price announced for the open offer represents a 6.7% premium to the closing price of MCF shares on Thursday and pins the total value of the offer at R282.19 crore.
While the offer is not conditional upon any minimum level of acceptance, it is expected to re-ignite the bidding war for the control of MCF between Zuari group and Deepak Fertilisers that was first triggered in April last year with the latter obtaining a 10% stake in MCF through open market.
The Zuari group had sided with Vijay Mallya-led UB group for increasing its stake in MCF. Last month, competing open offers by Deepak Fertilisers and Mallya-UB combined concluded with Mallaya and Poddar gaining 38% stake in MCF while Deepak Fertilisers acquiring 32% ownership.
Interestingly, the current open offer launched by the Zuari group on Thursday didn’t mention any of the UB Group companies or promoters as persons acting in concert, unlike the last open offer.
On Thursday, MCF announced the appointment of Vijay Mallya’s step-mother Ritu Mallya as a director of the firm with immediate effect. On December 1, Vijay Mallya, who has been classified as a wilful defaulter by the likes of UCO Bank and United Bank of India, stepped down as chairman, sparking a 10% rally  in the stock.
TAGS: Mangalore Chemicals And Fertilizers NSE Nifty
More from indianmarkets

Data Drive: Search high and low for the taxpayersMake in India needs a tax boost
While direct tax collection has risen by a whopping 94% between FY07 and FY11, the taxpayer base has just risen 5%, indicating the tax system is loaded against the existing taxpayers. The Central Board of Direct Taxes targeted a 15% growth in the number of taxpayers, but it achieved only 1.5% annually during this period.
With a population of over 120 crore, 17 crore have a permanent account number (PAN) and, of these, mere 3.6 crore file income tax returns. So, only 3.3% of the country’s population is in the tax net. This is very low compared with 46% in the US and 39% in Singapore. Ideally, according to the Tax Administration Reforms Commission (TARC) calculations, there should be at least 6 crore potential taxpayers.
Moreover, the gap between PAN card holders and number of taxpayers is growing over time. While the number of PAN card holders increased by 175% during FY06 to FY11, the number of taxpayers in the same period rose only by 17%. About 90% taxpayers are in the R0-5 lakh income bracket, which just yields 10.14% of the total tax collection. The bulk of the tax (63%) is collected from people with income above R20 lakh, but it comprised just 1.1% of the total tax base. Similarly, there is a huge gap between companies that are registered but have not filed income tax returns. Only one-third of registered persons under service tax filed returns and half of registered taxpayers are not filing central excise returns.
The taxman must effectively use the data presented in the TARC report to identify non-payers.
 

Columns: Widen the tax base with better complianceMake in India needs a tax boost
Tax policy in India has undergone amendments over time in order to keep pace with the changing business and economic landscape. However, no comprehensive reform of the tax administrative system was undertaken with the same zeal. Therefore, the Tax Administration Reform Commission (TARC) was set-up by the government of India in 2013 to address the need for reviewing the existing systems and processes, identify the areas needing change and suggest measures that could bring about better efficiency and effectiveness in the administration of tax.
The TARC, which was mandated to discuss twelve major areas of reforms, has come up with three reports touching upon nine of the twelve areas. The first report focussed, inter alia, on taxpayer service, dispute management and adoption of technology. The second report focussed on the need to build capacities for customs duty, and in establishing a common framework for information exchange amongst the various agencies.
The third report (Report), released in November 2014, covers recommendations in the areas of (a) impact assessment of new legislation and administrative action, (b) expansion of tax/taxpayer base, and (c) compliance management.
Impact assessment: The Report emphasises the importance of carrying out an extensive impact assessment for any decision relating to taxation: policy or administrative. It also discusses various elements of an impact assessment, which includes stakeholder consultation, surveys and systematic data collection, cost-benefit analysis and identification of risks.
The overall theme of the recommendations is coherence and consistency of policies, keeping in view the objective of better regulatory management.
Expansion of tax/taxpayer base: The recommendations here are aimed at improving tax collections and achieving a broader tax and taxpayer base by bringing in new taxpayers and targeting sectors that remain under-taxed or untaxed, as against putting a heavier burden on existing taxpayers. Some of the recommendations are:
* Closer co-ordination between agencies and streamlining of processes to, inter alia, trace assessees not filing returns,
* Expanding the coverage of provisions relating to Tax Deduction at Source (TDS)/Tax Collection at Source (TCS) to more transactions; the Report highlights that TDS/TCS leaves behind an audit trail that acts as a deterrent to tax evasion and aids in the collection of tax at the transaction stage itself,
* Re-introducing the Fringe Benefit Tax (FBT) regime and the Banking Cash Transaction Tax (BCTT), which were withdrawn in 2009; the Report mentions that FBT is a good temporary administrative measure for enhancing tax collection—until rising income tax collection makes it unnecessary—and also looks at BCTT as an important tool to monitor transactions of unaccounted money,
* Bringing agricultural income into the tax net and tapping farmers with high incomes; towards this, the Report recommends an income threshold of R50 lakh, and, in the same vein, it also highlights that such a change may require a Constitutional amendment and a buy-in of the states,
* Using presumptive tax schemes for small businesses with a view to ease and encourage compliance and,
* Reviewing various exemptions under different tax laws, and widening of the wealth tax base.
Compliance management: The recommendations of the TARC under this category seem to be woven around the philosophy of creating a culture of compliance that is founded on the values of trust, transparency, accountability and easier compliance.
Among others, the TARC emphasises on taxpayer-focus and a trust-based administration. It also recommends the issuing of timely clarifications/positions by the authorities to reduce disputes, review and improvement in the quality of orders passed by the authorities, from the perspective of fairness, legality and propriety, irrespective of the revenue consequences. In line with international practices, the TARC also recommends multi-year audits as against the current single-year audit.
While making its recommendations, the Committee has also drawn upon experiences of other countries and has taken into account inputs from various stakeholders. It is indeed encouraging to see that the recommendations have emphasised heavily on inclusion of stakeholder’s perspective in policy-making, and making the compliance system user-friendly so that more people are encouraged to pay taxes, not avoid them.
Recommendations relating to identification of non-filers, improving the reach of the presumptive taxation and TDS/ TCS provisions could be seen as welcome moves that could help widen the tax base and promote equality amongst taxpayers. However, recommendations such as return of the FBT and BCTT could potentially receive strong opposition from the industry and stakeholders and one would need to weigh the benefits with the increased cost of compliance and administration.
In summary, the recommendations of the TARC are in sync with the approach of the government, of ‘minimum government and maximum governance’. One would now have to see how the government considers the recommendations made by the TARC to enhance the effectiveness and efficiency of tax administration. One could even expect some of the recommendations to be incorporated in the Union Budget for FY16.
By Girish Vanvari
Co-authored by Rohit Jain, chartered accountant, KPMG in India
The author is Co-Head, Tax, KPMG in India. Views are personal
TAGS: Tax
More from fecolumnist
Column: Look beyond inflation-targeting By not reducing policy rates, RBI is, in effect, dampening investment and, consequently, employment generation...

Editorial: Bad medicineDefence helps build Tatas’ war chest
India is among the bigger exporters of generics drugs to the US market which consumes anywhere between $60-70 billion worth of these every year; indeed, Indian drug firms have more than a foot in the door with their contribution now having risen to 10% by one estimate. However, it is discomforting that, in the last several years, the US drug regulator has come across so many instances of poor quality control and been compelled to issue either warning letters or import alerts. Indeed, it is unfortunate that the regulator has questioned the integrity of the data that these firms report, especially at top firms like Sun Pharma. While the regulator’s actions are not confined to India alone and there are companies within the US too that have erred, that is of little consolation.
One would have expected drug firms to have sorted out quality control issues since it has been more than seven years since the US FDA cracked down on Ranbaxy’s Paonta Sahib plant with a warning letter. However, it would appear from the number of warnings and import alerts that companies are still not maintaining the necessary standards. In the case of Wockhardt’s Waluj plant, for instance, the USFDA had observed that the firm repeatedly delayed, denied, limited an inspection or refused to permit the FDA inspection.
There is no doubt that the onus of upgrading the manufacturing and testing facilities and ensuring employees do not tamper with data lies entirely with the company. However, the government also has a big responsibility since, apart from the exports, it is Indian citizens that are ingesting the same medicines. The Central Drugs Standard Control Organisation (CDSO) has under half its sanctioned strength—also, it has just 1,500 inspectors to oversee 10,500 manufacturing sites and several lakh chemist outlets. It is alarming to know, from a Parliamentary Standing Committee report, that banned drugs are being sold in the market and that new drugs have been approved without the mandatory clinical trials having been carried out. Local regulators cannot afford to be so lax, especially at a time when global regulators are increasing oversight; the USFDA observed recently that, given the volume of US trade with China, it was working to more than triple the number of American experts in that country to increase significantly the number of inspections it performs. In fact, the USFDA is adding to its team in India too. The generics opportunity is a big one and it would be a shame if Indian drug majors were to fritter it away.
More from companies

Sothebys and Christies need for revival© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/dd5de9a2-7c7b-11e4-9a86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Pranabs book caught in e-tailer vs retailer battleUpdated: December 6, 2014 11:49 IST
Pranab’s book caught in e-tailer vs retailer battle
George Jacob
Tweet
The Hindu Archives
The then Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee seen with Prime Minister Indira Gandhi at the National Development Council Meeting held in New Delhi on July 12, 1984.
TOPICS
political books
To be available only on Amazon for 20 days
The battle between brick-and-mortar retailers and e-tailers has not left untouched even President Pranab Mukherjee’s new book. Traditional bookstores have now decided to boycott The Dramatic Decade: The Indira Gandhi Years.
The book, published by Rupa & Co., will be released exclusively on Amazon.in on December 11 and will be available for sales only on the website till December 31. In other words, readers cannot get a copy of the President’s work from their neighbourhood bookseller till the New Year.
Bookstores across the nation are up in arms saying competition in the Indian publishing industry has been upset by such exclusive sales. The boycott, their way to pay Rupa back in the same coin, has already started in many parts of the country as the stores have started returning stocks.
Speaking to The Hindu over the phone, Kapish Mehra, managing director, Rupa & Co, declined to comment why such a marketing strategy was adopted for the President’s book. Asked if the author was part of the decision-making process, Mr. Mehra said that as a publisher, he had to “take care of the interests of the publisher and the author and usually such decisions are taken in consultation with the author.” He refused to comment on the boycott threat.
Turf war
The unprecedented development is perceived as part of the turf war between the Indian e-commerce giant Flipkart and the global behemoth Amazon.
“However, caught in the crossfire is India’s knowledge industry,” Ravi Deecee, chief executive officer and managing partner of DC Books, said.
Traditionally, book sales are carried out in a more leisurely pace, through the bond between the reader and his neighbourhood bookseller. Suddenly new algorithms are being brought in by these online retailers, he said and added that the traditional publishing industry would be doomed if a level-playing ground was not ensured.
Paresh Shah, chief executive officer of the Karnataka-based Sapna Books, said in a telephonic interview that the government should come up with regulations which offered a level-playing ground for brick and mortar retailers.
Above all such concerns raised by them, there is the embarrassment the brick and mortar retailers face of not having the President’s book in their stores for the first many days.
“We hope the author himself will intervene and make sure that all readers will be provided with a level-playing field to read his book,” Mr. Shah said.

Jayson Werth in court is exactly what youd imagine Jayson Werth in court to be likeBy Marissa Payne December 5 Follow @marissapayne
(Katherine Frey/The Washington Post)
It’s fair to say Washington Nationals outfielder Jayson Werth’s had better days. On Friday, the 35-year-old was found guilty of reckless driving and sentenced to 10 days in jail in a Virginia court. He was allegedly going 105 mph on the Beltway when he was pulled over by Virginia State troopers on July 6 in Fairfax County.
So what was his explanation? Pretty much exactly what you might imagine Werth would say.
State trooper said he asked Jayson Werth what he was doing driving 105 mph. "Pressing my luck," Werth said.
— Tom Jackman (@stateofnova) December 5, 2014
Yes, according to the Washington Post’s Tom Jackman, Werth told the judge he was “pressing his luck” when asked by the judge what he was doing surging to 105 mph on the Beltway, where speed limits hover between 55 mph and 65 mph.
As for what he looked like in court, those who worried he might’ve cleaned up his scruffy look can calm down. Per the Washington Post’s Justin Jouvenal, he did not visit a barber beforehand.
Per reader questions: Werth did not shave his beard for court or trim his long hair. Was wearing a charcoal colored suit and glasses.
— justin jouvenal (@jjouvenal) December 5, 2014
All joking aside, going to jail is a serious matter, which Nats General Manager and President of Baseball Operations Mike Rizzo recognizes. He issued a statement roughly two hours after the verdict came down via the Post’s James Wagner.
Mike Rizzo in a statement: "We are aware of the Judge's ruling today. Jayson [Werth] has cooperated fully with the authorities …" (1/2)
— James Wagner (@JamesWagnerWP) December 5, 2014
"… throughout this process. As this is an ongoing legal matter, we are unable to comment any further at this time." (2/2)
— James Wagner (@JamesWagnerWP) December 5, 2014
Notice how he did not mention whether Werth’s future bobbleheads or gnomes would be dressed in orange jumpsuits.
Marissa Payne writes for The Early Lead, a fast-breaking sports blog, where she focuses on what she calls the “cultural anthropological” side of sports, aka “mostly the fun stuff.” She is also an avid WWE fan.

Everything today is kind of horrible  so here are some penguins dressed up as Santa ClausBy Tim Herrera December 5 Follow @TimHerrera
Look at how cute! (Screenshot from Noticiero Telemundo)
Today is   kind of terrible , so we here at Post Nation wanted to give you something a little lighter as you head into the weekend.
According to a rough translation from Google, these adorable little penguinos are waddling around in South Korea. It’s from last year, but hey, some things never get old. Enjoy. We could all use a pick-me-up today.

FM s  no ban on commodity futures  brings relief to commexesFM's 'no ban on commodity futures' brings relief to commexes
Dilip Kumar Jha | Mumbai Dec 06, 2014 12:17 AM IST
Commodity exchanges expressed relief at Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley saying no ban was being considered on forward and futures trading in any commodity.
There had been rumours for a couple of days to the contrary. The government had banned such trades in sugar and wheat in 2007, restoring these in 2009. A ban levied in 2007 on certain varieties of pulses continues till now.
“Stakeholders got scared of rumours spread by vested interests, as futures trading in certain commodities were banned in the past. The FM’s statement offers relief to not the comexes but to all stakeholders in futures trading,” said Anil Mishra, managing director (MD) of the National Multi Commodity Exchange. Adding: "Nobody would make a huge investment in infrastructure if they are unsure that the commodity futures market is here to stay. This assertion from the FM would give a needed stability and boost to the market.”
Last year, total turnover of comexes was around Rs 100 lakh crore, of which farm products were 15 per cent. Including dabba trading (transactions outside the exchange, with benchmark price reference from the latter), the total volume of forward and futures contracts could be three to four times more.
P K Singhal, joint MD, Multi Commodity Exchange, said: “This would boost the confidence of commodity market participants. We hope the government continues with its market-friendly policy stance and implements other long-pending policy reforms that the commodity market is urgently in need of, such as the amendment of the Forward Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1952, and either removal of the commodities transaction tax or its reduction.”
The purpose of comexes is to provide a centralised marketplace where commodity producers can sell their produce to buyers, for manufacturing or consumption. Comex auctions are meant to guarantee transparent competition, with exchanges to ensure a buyer for every seller.
“The statement came as a confidence booster, which reinforces that we are on the right track. This reinforces us to continue developing the commodities futures market,” said Samir Shah, the MD of National Commodities & Derivatives Exchange.
Madan Sabnavis, chief economist with CARE Ratings, says futures trading is required for hedging and investment.
“The former is important as a large part of our gross domestic product — 14 per cent of agriculture and 30 per cent of industry (including construction) are commodity-based. While the Reserve Bank has been exhorting companies, to hedge their forex risk, they are not doing so for commodities; these prices can change significantly. As far as investment is concerned, commodities are a very good option, with debt and equity,” he said.

The 1 000 Year History of Social Media Marketingreddit
Social marketing has been primary and effective for thousands of years, well before technology offered the level of precision and reach that marketers enjoy today.
Feudal lords sponsored the medieval marketplace. This provided a social hub to draw both town and country dwellers, where they could trade gossip and enjoy the shared experience of entertainment and community. This in turn set the context for commerce that could be taxed, thus supporting the lords' economy.
Commerce, and therefore marketing, has always been social--because human beings are social. Businesses thrive by providing them not just with a product or service, but with more of what they crave, the opportunity for meaningful interaction with fellow humans.
-- from The CMO's Social Media Handbook: A Step-by-Step Guide for Leading Marketing Teams in the Social Media World, by Peter Friedman, the CEO and Chairman of LiveWorld. @PeterFriedman
Follow Peter Friedman on Twitter: www.twitter.com/@peterfriedman
More:

How to Know Which Social Channels Are Right for Your Businessreddit
One of the more common problems businesses have with social media is not knowing what channels they should be active on and why. With dozens of new social networks becoming popular every week, it's easy to get overwhelmed as a marketer or a business owner when it comes to understanding where your audience is and where your organization can most likely see results.
Whether you're trying to attract a social media following or measure the results of your efforts with social, it's critical that your team understands where you're active today, what this presence means for your organization and the process for deciding to be active on another new social channel again in the future.
As your organization continues to scale your social media , keep these considerations in mind when choosing where your business should have an active account, allocating both your limited time and resources.
Every audience is unique.
No two audiences are the same, which means the preferences of your customer base are unique to your company alone. Therefore, it's important to not get caught up in the hype associated with joining the latest and greatest social networks for the sake of joining. Some social networks aren't for everyone.
Even though your competitors are active on certain social networks, doesn't mean your business should be too. It is important to monitor your competitors activities across social media, but don't simply follow their lead. Instead, watch what they are doing on social media and react accordingly with your own unique approach to the channel.
It's important that you're on a social channel to reach your audience online, not just because you're obligated to by common trends in your industry. Your audience might be extremely active on Facebook, but not YouTube or Tumblr. It's all about being where your audience is active.
You'll learn where your customer base is active online over time by listening in on some of the major social networks like Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and YouTube, to see if your audience is there and communicating their interests in your type of offerings. This is where having an accurate customer profile comes into play to ensure you're monitoring the right types of users that are most likely to be interested in your organization's products or services.
Consult your analytics to identify priorities.
One of the most important factors that determine where your business should be active on social media is your existing data found in your analytics. If you're a new business, then you likely don't have data to review to help guide your social media use and must rely on the other methods outlined in this piece.
If you do have data to leverage from Google Analytics, Omniture or another web analytics tool, then take a look at what social networks are referring the most traffic to your website.
This is typically the first step in helping your team focus on where your business should be more active on social media. Secondly, take a look to see which of these referrals that send the most traffic, are also driving the most engagement in terms of the most time on site, the largest amount of pageviews per session and the traffic that it is converting.
A conversion from social media could come in the form of a sale, view of a video, signing up for an e-mail list, downloads of a premium content resource, and more. These conversions are important because they inform which social channels traffic is taking the most valuable actions across your website with your business.
This then informs which social networks your business should continue to invest time and resources into again in the future. The logic is if you're already seeing results from a particular social network with or without an active presence on that channel, then you'll likely continue to drive results with more activity from your business using that social platform.
Be active where your audience is most active.
The data available to your team can help inform where your audience is active and therefore, where your business should be to take part in the conversation and help keep it focused in the right direction.
For example, as of 2013 Chanel's visual content was pinned an average of 400 times a day with 3,600 repins per day by users without the company even having an active account on Pinterest, according to a study on Mashable .
This is an opportunity for this fashion brand to start investing time in Pinterest to help spur more interactions, traffic and conversions, since it's obvious its user base is heavily engaged with its offerings already.
Like mentioned above, understanding where your audience is active on social media can also be determined by listening on these channels to see if relevant conversations are happening. This can also be achieved with the help of a social listening tool like HootSuite or TweetDeck.
Respect the unique nuances of each social channel's features and its user base.
No two social networks are the same, which is why it's important to treat your company's activities on these channels uniquely in order to better understand if a particular social channel is right for you over time.
Every social channel has its own feature sets and preferences amongst their users, which impact how your organization should interact on these platforms. For instance, Snapchat is a channel for sending time sensitive photos and videos that eventually self-destruct. This medium has lent itself to a variety of different types of content being shared and a few strong preferences appearing amongst its user base.
Snapchat is for authentic moments, not necessarily pretty, high production quality photos and videos. These photos and videos are typically comedic in nature and fleeting since the audience is mainly a younger demographic. Although Snapchat has 100 million users who share over 400 million snaps daily, it doesn't mean it make sense for every business to be on this social channel.
The businesses that should be active on Snapchat or any other social channel are the ones that are reaching their audience on those networks and can create content and conversations that match the preferences and feature sets of the channel.
In the case of Snapchat, this content could be images or videos with drawings overlaid over them, a series of Snapchats tied together in a story and more, all of which resonate specifically with Snapchats community and its specific feature sets.
Experiment frequently to test out new networks.
Lastly, another effective way of finding out if a social channel is right for your business is to experiment on them extensively. It all comes down to how much time your team is willing to dedicate to a new social network that has the potential of becoming the next Facebook, Instagram, or Twitter.
If you're willing to spend at least a minimum amount of time and resources on trying out a new and potentially relevant social network when it first launches, then it might be worthy of the gamble in the long-term. If the social network doesn't become the next Snapchat, then your team has only allocated minimal resources to experimenting with this network and will have to take the loss.
Again, it isn't important to be on every new social network, but it is important to experiment with the networks where there's a potential opportunity to get in front of your audience in a meaningful way. Begin by creating an account on the channel, even if you don't end up using the channel to ensure no one else claims your particular username.
After you've setup an account, take time to observe and listen to the behaviors of users on this channel, whether it's by reading their written content, viewing visuals, analyzing their discussions, etc. Once you've gotten a strong understanding of the typical behaviors of users on this channel, then it's time to come up with a strategy to better incorporate your content and offerings as part of the discussions happening on the network.
Begin regularly posting on this social channel to start building a rapport with the audience, while continuing to measure your social engagement to ensure you're able to drive results with this network over time and better determine if this channel is worth a long-term investment.
If a social channel doesn't appear to be driving results from your greater audience online, than it's completely acceptable to stop dedicating resources and time to it to focus on other social channels and marketing priorities.
How has your business navigated the process of being active on the right social channels? Share your experiences starting on a new social network in the comments below.
Brian Honigman is a Marketing Consultant, Speaker & Freelance Writer. He's a frequent contributor to Forbes, The Next Web, WSJ and others. Follow him on Twitter .
A version of this column previously appeared on the Sumall blog .
Follow Brian Honigman on Twitter: www.twitter.com/BrianHonigman
More:

Leadership and Change (Part 2)reddit
In the last "Leadership Notebook" posting , I mentioned that the best theory I've come across to help leaders deal with change was developed by Paul Hersey and Kenneth Blanchard in 1972.1 Their model has proven useful in congregations and schools, as Debbie and I noted in our book on power, change and leadership.2 Today, I'd like to provide a very brief summary of the high points of their model.
Hersey and Blanchard observed an interesting dynamic about leaders and change.
Leaders can make things happen. But just because a leader can make something happen does not mean that his or her leadership is enhanced or that the group's ability to adapt to future change is strengthened. In fact, a leader can be successful in changing something but may make the change in such a way that the leader is unlikely ever to get anything else accomplished in that organization. Thus, Hersey and Blanchard distinguish between effective and ineffective leadership and not just between successful and unsuccessful leadership.
Their distinction is important. An effective leader leads the group through change in such a way that the group will trust the leader more - not less - after the change is made. By contrast, a leader who manipulates or forces a group into a change (though he is strictly speaking "successful" in making that specific change) undercuts relationships that will be needed in the long term.
Hersey and Blanchard have their eye on the prize of long-term effective leadership. If a leader wants to be both successful and effective, her followers have to want the change to happen. They have to believe in the value of the change. They need to be willing to invest in the change. In effective leadership, followers discern that their goals and the leader's goals are consistent.
The challenge for a leader or a leadership team that wants to be both successful and effective is to lead others through a process that encourages the group itself to formulate change in the face of new challenges, rather than merely to own the changes the leader individually is convinced are crucial for the organization's future. Hersey and Blanchard's theory of change speaks directly to this leadership challenge. They understand clearly that change must be viewed from a perspective deeper than just external compliance or behavior. Effective change must involve people in four levels of change: (1) knowledge; (2) attitude; (3) individual behavior; (4) group or organizational behavior.
At some levels, their theoretical model represents the best of common sense. But there is one particular aspect of their theory that may be a bit counter-intuitive.
According to Hersey and Blanchard, an effective leader begins the process by addressing a group's need to know and understand. The leader helps the group gain a deeper perspective and new insights, thus preparing the ground for possible change. But, as Hersey and Blanchard note, "Changes in knowledge are the easiest to make." Those who have participated in an organization that prizes professional development, know the acquisition of knowledge can become both habit-forming and liberating to members of a group, strengthening the organization far beyond the immediate moment of decision, provided the leader is willing to enjoy the fruit of a more knowledgeable group. But those who have ever scratched their head over why people who know better keep doing the same counter-productive thing, understand that knowledge does not always lead to positive change, even among highly intelligent people. This is where Hersey and Blanchard are really helpful.
The effective leader must also lead the group into an exploration of the emotional or attitudinal dimensions involved in the challenge facing the organization, having allowed them to digest new information and knowledge. Deeper knowledge may actually heighten anxiety and resistance in a group, at least at first. It is a wise leader who allows followers time and space to absorb emotionally the implications of the challenge facing them. We need to remember, even positive changes can evoke negative feelings, feelings of loss and latent anxiety. Many otherwise very bright leaders fail to understand that leadership is emotional, and the effectiveness of leaders is directly related to how well they handle the emotional dimensions of a group's behavior (i.e., leaders must remain non-reactive and non-anxious while staying in relationship with the group members).
Emotions are all the more powerful because they are so intangible. But if a leader hopes to see a change endure, she must be willing to listen and appropriately respond to the emotional reactions, feelings, concerns, fears and hopes of individuals in the group. This does not mean that a leader must become emotionally hooked by or stuck in the negative emotions that often emerge in times of change or conflict. However, a leader who hopes to take a group to new places must work to bring the individuals along.
How a leader handles resistance and sabotage will largely define his or her leadership. Resistance is simply part of the change process, and effective leaders know that they need not take resistance personally.
The move from knowledge through attitudes, we should remember, is never simply linear. It may be that the leader will need to allow the group to spend considerable time cycling round from knowledge to attitudes and back to knowledge acquisition again, because changes in attitude allow people to see things anew and to understand things to which they were previously blocked by their attitudes. A leader must not lose sight of the ends and goals of the group and cannot allow the group's anxieties to prevent it from doing what is necessary to adapt to a changing environment or to meet an emerging challenge.
As difficult as it is to help people change knowledge and attitudes, changes in individual behavior are even more difficult to make. You may remember Edwin Friedman's observation that unmotivated people don't change just because of insight. Hersey and Blanchard would say "Amen." Changes in what Hersey and Blanchard describe as "patterned behavior" is what we are after; not just episodic changes, but habitual.
Changes in patterned behavior are difficult to achieve and more difficult to sustain. It is here that the individual must finally own a particular change and determine that the intrinsic benefits of the change outweigh the benefits of not changing. If this does not happen, the change won't stick. If it does happen, actual change of the group or organization becomes possible.
The most difficult level of change is, of course, in the group's own version of "patterned behavior," the customs and traditions that represent a group's deep habits of being and that give a group their identity. It is at this level, ultimately, that the group as a group either supports or will undermine the proposed change, because it is at this level that the group will either accept the change as its own (i.e., ultimately consistent with the group's identity and character) or will reject it (as alien to the group's identity). This is essential to remember.
Harry Truman once said that there is no limit to what you can accomplish if you don't need to take credit for it. A leader must from the very outset of the change process let go of the need to take credit for the change or to demand that the change be enacted precisely as she imagined. Almost any change that will really be owned by a group will have been somewhat altered in the process of the group's making the change its own.
It is true that this process requires a lot of time. And there are changes that simply must be made more quickly than the process allows. It is also true that this process of change (getting buy-in along the way) is only complicated (and sometimes impossible) in highly complex institutions which are made up of several constituencies and different types of stakeholders. In other words, real-world conditions are a lot different from laboratory conditions, and leadership rarely happens in laboratory conditions.
The principles presented in Hersey and Blanchard's theory of change, however, are sound, and a leader who ignores them does so at his or her own considerable peril. On the other hand, leaders who want to be both successful and effective will do well to aim at long-term effectiveness and not just immediate success.
1Paul Hersey and Kenneth H. Blanchard, "The Management of Change," in Henry L. Tosi and W. Clay Hamner, eds. Organizational Behavior and Management: A Contingency Approach (Chicago: St. Clair Press, rev. ed. 1977). 2Michael Jinkins and Deborah Bradshaw Jinkins, Power and Change in Parish Ministry (Washington, D.C.: Alban Institute Press, 1991), 57-63.
Follow Michael Jinkins on Twitter: www.twitter.com/lptsnow
More:

6 Signs You re A Born Marketerreddit
This post originally appeared on BrandMentalist.com
Some of us wake up everyday to do something that we love -- something that we feel like we were born to do.
It feels like the elements required at work come to us naturally -- from the way we think to the way we communicate and interact with others. We enjoy it deliberately and crave the challenge because it means that we get to push ourselves forward and become better and better. Learning has never been more fun and stimulating. We just can't live it any other way.
And if you're a marketer like me, I'm sure you have recognised some of these signs in yourself from when you were little up until now.
1. You're always curious about people.
You have the natural curiosity to try to understand people's thoughts and behaviours -- why they are the way they are, why they do what they do, and what the motivations are behind their actions.
You enjoy people watching and reading about their thoughts and the psychology behind things -- life stories, success stories, life-changing moments -- anything that is about attitudes and motivation intrigues you.
You like to find out what makes people tick and how you can influence them.
As a result of this, you understand people -- or at least you're trying to. You are open-minded and believe that everyone is different and is driven by different things.
2. You have a good eye for design.
You know how important design is to the success of a brand. You can't stand ugly-looking websites and flyers, nor can you ever purchase a brand with a bad sense of style. Your eyes light up when you see beautiful typography. Ever since your childhood, you've always loved going to a cool stationery store. Your work desk is probably full of different colour pens, markers, and post-it notes.
Sometimes you feel like you waste your money on things that you don't really need in your life as you simply buy them because they look good! But then again, possessing bad-looking products or products with bad design is an insult to who you are. You believe that what you wear and hold represents you -- it doesn't need to be expensive or luxurious -- it just needs to be unique and look good -- at least to your eyes.
3. You love business. But mostly how you can sell in a strategic & artful way.
You love business. It's no doubt you enjoy reading about other entrepreneurs and businessmen/women. The first section you go to when browsing a business website is the 'Marketing' section.
You think about people -- potential customers or the target market -- before anything else -- not just how you can squeeze the most dollars out of them but how you can make them fall in love with your brand and evangelise it, and how your brand can become a part of their lifestyle.
Unlike most people, you watch advertisements on Youtube and find them entertaining as you analyse them -- how the copies touch hearts, move people, and influence actions. You search for the award-winning ads and you pass them on to friends and family - posting them on your Facebook wall as if other people are going to enjoy watching them too.
When you think about your competitor, instead of worrying about how they maximize their operational efficiency, you're stressed about their marketing strategy and how you can be in front of their customers' eyes and steal customers from them.
You don't simply just try to sell. You do your research first  (a lot of research )  into the customers' mind, attitudes, behaviours, lifestyles, desires, fears, needs and wants.
You think about what you have that your competitors don't have -- what differentiates you, what is it that you offer that is uniquely valuable to your customers that your competitors don't --  and communicate that in a creative and persuasive way.
4. You can spot trends before everyone else.
As a kid, you were always the one who had the coolest toy before everybody else. You unintentionally set the trend for the people around you. But that's because what you liked always turned out to be a market hit months later.
You have an innate ability to detect what product is going to become a market hit before it reaches the masses. And when you see a product you love in its very early stage, you think about how the product can be marketed better. You even consider marketing it and becoming a distributor in your country (but nah, that's too much work. You'd better stick to what you do best which is 'marketing'!). When you buy an album, you can predict what songs are going to be the second and third popular on the charts.
When you see a new technology -- whether it be new software, a new app, a new website, or a new media -- you can instantly see how the new technology is going to affect people's lives -- how people's behaviours and attitudes are going to change, what the new consumer trends are going to be, and how the path to purchase and the consumer journey are going to change.
5. You are a natural influencer.
You enjoy being the connector and the influencer and you probably don't even realise the affect you have on your friends. Your friends rely on you for information and advice on where to go and what to do. The clothes you wore two weeks ago seem to have caught the eyes of a few who are now wearing something similar if not the same.
It is mostly unintentional but it seems that you have an influence on the people around you. Maybe it is because you have a good eye for design and you can spot the trend. Maybe you just know how to pull it off and make anything you have look fun and cool. Or maybe... you are just very passionate about what you love, what you have, and what you do that people around you become intrigued when you pass on the reviews or tell them stories with such excitement-- whether it be the new cafe you've discovered, the bar you went to over the weekend, the new album you just bought, or the book you read and how it has moved you.
You might never realise this because setting the trend is second nature to you -- you don't even realise you're doing it!
6. You have the ability to connect the dots between different things.
You are a holistic thinker with an analytical mind. You can't look at things in a linear way, but rather, in an interconnected way.
As a kid, you liked games that promoted holistic and strategic thinking (even though you didn't realise what that was at the time). You probably loved Monolopy and Lego to bits. You're also good with numbers. In fact, Math was one of your favourite subjects besides art, social studies, and psychology.
Bringing this innate ability into your career, it's no doubt you are able to see that an effective marketing communication strategy needs to be integrated across different channels that support one another with a single-minded proposition or a cohesive message at the core.
Work fills a large part of your life. I believe that the only way to be happy is to do work that aligns with your innate abilities and personality traits. When you are able to turn your passion into a career and turn your life's purpose into your mission statement, you will always find joy and fulfilment in what you do.
If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. A couple of months ago I wrote an article on How To Find Your Purpose in Life which hopefully can help guide you through the steps to discovering your life's work.
--
Mo is the owner of the famous inspirational blog - BrandMentalist.com . She also runs an online store selling inspirational quote posters on BrandMentalistCollection.com
Follow her on Twitter @BrandMentalist and Instagram @BrandMentalist
Sign up HERE to follow Mo's posts via email
Follow Mo Seetubtim on Twitter: www.twitter.com/brandmentalist
More:

Meet rulers of Ukraines rebel republicsUkraine’s rebel republics
Courtney Weaver
For all Russia’s influence in eastern Ukraine, a motley group of local leaders — from ex-businessmen to academics and pro-Russia activists — has sprung up and seized control. Courtney Weaver meets the self-declared rulers of Donetsk and Lugansk
To get a sense of what life is like these days in the self-declared Donetsk People’s Republic, roam the corridors of Donetsk National University on any given weekday. School is back in session.
It is an October afternoon, and dozens of the university’s students are in the halls, just as they would be at any other eastern European institution. Teachers and students mingle in the corridors of the main building, file in and out of classrooms, buy books and materials at the campus bookshop, and linger outside on the main steps for a cigarette break. Few pay attention to the occasional din of artillery fire in the background.
More
Women we watched – Serena Williams
The university, like most places in Donetsk, is stuck in a strange purgatory. At times it seems oddly normal; at others plucked from the pages of Orwell or Zamyatin. Since early September, the institution has been run by a lieutenant of the Donetsk People’s Republic, Sergei Baryshnikov, a rotund former history professor who has made quick work of scrubbing all Ukrainian history and culture courses from the curriculum.
The black-blue-and-red flag of the Donetsk People’s Republic hangs on a mast outside the building, while miniature DPR flags are scattered throughout inside. One sits on Baryshnikov’s desk, inside of which is an engraved eight-round Makarov pistol given to him by the DPR leadership. The rector is already lusting after an upgrade. “My dream is a Stechkin pistol with a cartridge for 20 bullets,” he says.
Baryshnikov left the university in 2012 after a 20-year career there. Officially, he resigned; unofficially, he was fired amid allegations of bribe taking. While this might have been the end of his career, a higher power intervened. When pro-Russia protests began in Donetsk in February, the ex-professor was one of a core group of pro-Russia activists who protested against the government in Kiev and advocated Russian military intervention.
Despite growing up in Donetsk, Baryshnikov says he always felt closer to Moscow than Kiev. He is fairly confident that his parents conceived him on what is now Russian territory when they were in Sverdlovskaya Oblast as graduate students. Several years ago he decided to make the relationship official and applied for Russian citizenship. After the activists seized several key regional administration buildings, Baryshnikov became a deputy on the Donetsk People’s Republic’s first governing council. Five months later, the new leadership of the DPR appointed him as rector at his former university.
Donetsk People’s Republic
Sergei Baryshnikov
The pro-Russia rector at Donetsk National University on his former university colleagues and political opponents:
‘When we annex the rest of Ukraine, we will find these people and we will put them on trial. If the courts say they should be shot, they will be shot.’
Like most historical and literary figures who have rocketed from a position of exile to one of great power, Baryshnikov’s first order of business has been instinctive: revenge. Together with the DPR’s new (and opaque) judiciary, Baryshnikov has put together criminal cases against 200 of his 3,000 former colleagues, the “ideological and political opponents” who pushed him out. Topping the list, somewhat unimaginatively, is his predecessor, the former rector.
“When he left he took university documents, and when he ran away he left in one of the university cars, an Audi. This is theft! He would have taken the TV too if he could have carried it to his car,” Baryshnikov says, pointing at the impressive flat screen on the wall. We are sitting in the ex-professor’s newly acquired, spacious office, where he’s already made himself quite at home. “When we annex the rest of Ukraine, we will find these people and we will put them on trial. If the courts say they should be shot, they will be shot.” He leans in closer. “You know we have the death penalty in the DPR . . . ”
Pavel Gubarev
The separatists’ initial ‘people’s governor’
In his previous life Gubarev, 31, was an ad executive and contracted out Santa Claus impersonators. he was arrested by Ukraine’s security service in March. When he was freed a month later, he had been sidelined by new leaders
The former rector, Roman Grinuk, dismisses Baryshnikov’s accusations. “Our university was seized by militants,” Grinuk says. “I left with one suitcase.”
. . .
Ever since Baryshnikov and pro-Russian activists seized control of two of eastern Ukraine’s biggest cities this spring, western security services and leaders have been trying to guess what Russia’s playbook is for the region. Half a year later, it is clear that Vladimir Putin has no intention of annexing it, as he did with Crimea. But it is also evident that Moscow has played a significant role in destabilising the area and helping the rebels cement their hold on power.
At the beginning of September, Nato alleged that there were 3,000 active Russian servicemen on the ground in Ukraine, while Kiev has put the number as high as 10,000. In early November, two months after Kiev and the rebels signed a ceasefire, Ukraine’s defence ministry alleged that a convoy of 32 Russian tanks and 30 trucks of Russian soldiers had crossed the border.
Denis Pushilin
‘People’s governor’ after Gubarev
A local businessman with a taste for cobalt-blue suits. A self-confessed former Ponzi schemer. pushed out Gubarev for the top spot
Moscow’s shadow in the region is everywhere. There are Russian political strategists embedded in the Donetsk and Lugansk separatist governments; Russian mercenaries and volunteers who have taken up arms to fight in the rebel battalions; and real Russian servicemen. There are signs of money coming from Moscow as well.
Yet for all of Russia’s influence, it is notable to what extent the motley local leaders have been left to their own devices. All across Donetsk and Lugansk, there are men and women like Baryshnikov who have sprung from the corners of society and seized control of civic institutions and government ministries, or formed their own personal armies. Under Moscow’s watch, the region is settling into a frozen conflict zone.
. . .
Alexander Borodai
Moscow political strategist
Took over from Pushilin as prime minister but stepped down in August; remains active as a DPR adviser
The city of Donetsk was founded in 1869 by a Welsh businessman named John Hughes, who helped build the city’s first steel plant. While in popular culture the city has maintained its image as a gritty mining town, over the years the downtown has actually become quite cosmopolitan. Donetsk was the beneficiary of a nearly $2bn makeover ahead of the Euro 2012 football championship. High-end hotels and restaurants abound.
During the height of the fighting this summer, the city of one million had the feel of a ghost town. Stores and restaurants were closed, the downtown was abandoned. But since the September ceasefire, it is surprising how many of the city’s residents have returned, in spite of the continued fighting. During the final warm days of autumn, couples and families paraded down the city’s leafy promenades, which a team of city workers has kept in immaculate horticultural condition. Children were out with their parents on the playground and restaurants with outdoor seating were packed.
Igor Girkin
Military leader
Nom de guerre ’Strelkov’; a Muscovite who recently claimed to be a colonel in Russia’s FSB intelligence service, with a penchant for historical re-enactment
Alexander Zakharchenko
Prime minister
Former head of the pro-Russia Oplot paramilitary group. Jug-eared and barrel-chested, still looks the part of the fighter. Has struggled to take on the deftness of a politician
Andrei Purgin
The DPR’s number-two official
Owns a few home-improvement stores in Donetsk but also spent years as head of a pro-Russia activist underground organisation
When a resounding boom from a distant explosion rang out, no one looked up from their pizza and sushi. And when a group of heavily armed camouflaged men — members of a rebel fighting battalion — sat down at a large table, no one paid them any mind either. Gunmen are all over the city but over the past few months have folded into the scenery of daily life. The rebels are regulars at the city’s nicest hotel bars and at a tacky Havana-themed establishment called BaNaNa, which features pictures of Che Guevara and other Cuba kitsch on the walls. On weekends, the gunmen stroll around the city’s downtown on dates.
While the scenes can be absurd, the reality is certainly not. More than 4,000 people have died in the Donetsk and Lugansk regions since the fighting began. Human Rights Watch alleges that both the rebels and the Ukrainian army have used Grad (unguided) rockets and other questionable weapons on civilian areas, while on the rebel side there have been numerous reports of human rights violations. When the Ukrainian army recaptured the rebel-controlled city of Slavyansk in July, they found a mass grave containing 14 bodies. On Ukrainian Independence Day this summer, the rebels paraded prisoners of war through downtown Donetsk. On another occasion a pro-Ukrainian civilian was captured, bound and put in the middle of a Donetsk intersection so that passersby could kick and hit her. Almost all supporters of the Kiev government in the region have fled or gone silent.
Baryshnikov is part of a tight-knit group of local Russian activists who have been supporters of the pro-Russian cause in Donetsk ever since 1994, the year the Ukrainian government held an informal poll across eastern Ukraine asking residents if they wanted greater autonomy and if they wanted Russian to be considered an official state language. Respondents in Donetsk said yes to both but the results were ignored by the Ukrainian government at the time and each subsequent regime in Kiev since, Baryshnikov insists. “Basically, Kiev has been pretending for 20-plus years that these problems Donetsk has with Kiev don’t exist,” he says.
At Donetsk pro-Russia rallies, Baryshnikov says he played the “requisite intellectual”, leaving the politics to his associates. One such person was Pavel Gubarev, 31, the separatists’ initial “people’s governor” who, in his previous life, worked as an advertising executive and ran a company contracting out Santa Claus impersonators. Gubarev was arrested by Ukraine’s security service in March shortly after he became head of the pro-Russia movement. By the time he was freed in a prisoner swap one month later, he had been sidelined by new leaders and has remained on the fringes ever since.
On the morning I was supposed to meet Gubarev in October, Gubarev’s people suddenly announced that he had been hospitalised following a near-fatal car crash. They suspected foul play. The day before the crash, Gubarev had written on Twitter that he was preparing to make an “important announcement”. When I first talked to Baryshnikov about it, he was sure the crash had been the result of the brewing political tensions between the various separatist leaders. But a few days later he had changed his mind. There were lots of separatist checkpoints, some manned and some deserted, on the road that Gubarev was driving on, Baryshnikov said. Probably Gubarev’s driver had just been driving too fast and crashed into one of them.
Baryshnikov’s initial conviction that rival separatist forces may have been after Gubarev does not seem far off. In the eight months of the Donetsk People’s Republic’s existence, there have been so many power struggles and purges within the leadership, you would need a seriously detailed chart to keep track of all the wildly changing allegiances and rotating cast of characters.
On the military side, there has been Igor Girkin, nom de guerre Strelkov, a Muscovite who recently claimed to be a colonel in Russia’s FSB intelligence service, with a penchant for historical re-enactment; Igor “the demon” Bezler, a one-time Ukrainian cemetery attendant and another alleged Russian security agent, according to Kiev; and Givi, an Abkhazian-born former rope factory worker who is managing the rebels’ current defence of the Donetsk airport.
Gunmen are all over the city and have folded into the scenery of daily life. The rebels are regulars at the city’s nicest hotel bars.
On the political side, Gubarev was pushed out by a local businessman named Denis Pushilin, a self-confessed former Ponzi schemer with a penchant for cobalt blue suits, who in turn was pushed out by Alexander Borodai, a Moscow political strategist with close links to the Orthodox and Kremlin-friendly oligarch Konstantin Malofeev. In August, Borodai announced he was returning to Moscow and that Alexander Zakharchenko, the head of a separatist military battalion called Oplot, would be taking over as the Donetsk People’s Republic’s prime minister.
The various names may blur together. But the players fall roughly into three categories: the long-time local Russia activists who have been with the cause since the very beginning; the opportunists who have seized the moment for money and fame; and the Moscow-approved figures who are trying to keep a handle on the local players.
One of the few old-timers to survive all the purges is Andrei Purgin, the Donetsk People’s Republic’s number-two official. A little man with a generous stomach and a Lenin-like beard, Purgin owns a few home-improvement stores in the Donetsk area but also spent years as the head of a pro-Russia activist group called the Donetsk Republic, an underground fringe organisation that existed in the confines of social networking sites.
In depth

Patchy insurance and state underfunding compound Indias povertyPatchy insurance and state underfunding compound India’s poverty
Amy Kazmin
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e872bf50-2f98-11e4-83e4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Many of the worst run states in the country are states hit the hardest by the housing crashBy Hunter Schwarz December 5 Follow @hunterschwarz
(AP Photo/The Star-News, Mike Spencer)
The effects of the housing crash are still being felt across the country. According to a ranking of the best run states , many of the bottom states saw a dramatic decline in home values between 2009 and 2013.
The list, compiled by 24/7 Wall Street, used a number of factors including unemployment, debt per capita, credit rating, and median household income to determine the ranking. Home values fell by at least 10 percent in five of the 10 bottom states: Arizona, Georgia, Illinois, New Jersey, and Rhode Island.
In Illinois, which was the worst run state, the median home value fell by 16.2 percent, the second largest drop in the country. According to the study, more than 137,000 residents left Illinois between 2010 and 2013. Illinois also suffers from the highest level of unfunded pension liabilities and the worst credit rating from Moody’s and S&P.
New Mexico was ranked second-to-last, and like in Illinois, more people are moving out of the state than moving in, and nearly 22 percent of residents live in poverty, the second highest rate in the country.
Mississippi, which has the lowest GDP in America, was third-from-last, followed by Rhode Island, Kentucky, Arizona, Georgia, New Jersey, Missouri, and Alabama.
North Dakota was ranked the best run state.
Hunter Schwarz covers state and local politics and policy across the country for the Washington Post.

Rolling Stone fiasco hurts rape victims and journalistsBy Diana Reese December 5 Follow @dianareese
Audience members hold signs during a board of visitors meeting about sexual assault at the University of Virginia on Nov. 25 in Charlottsville, Va. (Ryan M. Kelly/The Daily Progress via AP)
I don’t know now whether “Jackie,” the young woman profiled in “A Rape on Campus,” was actually gang raped at a University of Virginia fraternity party.
But I fear that the credibility of not only rape victims, but also of journalists reporting on campus sexual assault, has been damaged with that story, retracted by Rolling Stone managing editor Will Dana. On Friday, he  wrote : “In the face of new information, there now appear to be discrepancies in Jackie’s account, and we have come to the conclusion that our trust in her was misplaced.”
Why didn’t Rolling Stone insist on additional reporting from journalist Sabrina Rubin Erdely, and why didn’t editors do the fact-checking such a story not only deserves but requires?
What about the public’s trust in journalism? Social media is lit up with comments defending Jackie, while others attack her and all women who “cry rape,” as some of these commenters put it.
I am sad and I am angry, because the furor draws attention away from campus sexual assault, a subject I’ve written on extensively, following the work of Sen. Claire McCaskill , and the tragic suicides of  high school girls such as  Rehtaeh Parsons  and Audrie Pott .
Many of us believe that campus sexual assault is a very real problem, and Erdely wanted to prove it. I can understand that desire to convince the public.
Earlier this year, I was contacted by a grad student at a prestigious West Coast university. She had been raped in her dorm room by a fellow student, she told me, and she included photos of her bruises and other injuries. She sent me a detailed, multipage, first-person account, the police report and names of legal professors who were fighting for her case.
Yet the prosecuting attorney declined to press charges. School officials, at least, had worked out schedules and even walking routes across campus so that she would never have to see the man who had allegedly assaulted her.
I could have written one hell of a story. It would have made compelling copy, a dramatic piece that you couldn’t put down until you’d reached the end.
But I didn’t know if I could prove that it was true. It would have required extensive reporting, something more appropriate for an in-depth investigative piece.
The young woman was willing to go public with her name. She wanted some sort of justice for whatever had happened, and I felt sorry for her. She’d taken an academic leave of absence and didn’t know whether she would return to school.
But the problem of rape on our college campuses is too serious and too real to risk diverting attention with any potentially false accusation or even with detailing a case that cannot stand up to scrutiny. How many times have I heard people invoke “Duke lacrosse team” whenever rape is mentioned?
The very nature of the crime of rape makes it difficult to prove. It often goes unreported because women don’t want to go through the aftermath of reporting the crime, whether it’s to unfeeling police interrogating the victim, or a cross-examination in a courtroom if the case actually goes that far. Women risk becoming social pariahs on campus, especially if the alleged perpetrator is a popular athlete.
I have no doubt that rape happens to high school girls and to college students. My best friend’s daughter was raped at a party by hockey players and then shamed in high school by those who decided that she had been “asking for it.” Two suicide attempts and six years later, she’s still struggling with PTSD and other mental health problems triggered by that night. I’ve known this young woman since she was 7 and I’m convinced that she’s telling the truth — but that isn’t enough for me to write a feature-length piece about her in the pages of Rolling Stone or The Washington Post.
What I write here is commentary, although I fact-check and report as much as possible to provide a foundation of truth. We have to have the highest standards possible in our profession, despite the proliferation of the ever-hungry 24-hour news cycle and despite the unrelenting competition to grab readers’ attention.
At the end of the day, we have to tell the truth, a truth that we can prove, not just a truth that we may personally believe in our gut. Because sharing the truth about what goes on at our nation’s colleges is the only way we’re going to get the changes made in policies and attitudes to protect both our young women and our young men.
Diana Reese is a journalist in Overland Park, Kan. Follow her on Twitter at @dianareese .

Earlier this week  he sued the president. Today  they hung out in the Oval Office.By Katie Zezima December 5 Follow @katiezez
Plaintiff, meet defendant. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais)
It's not often that the man you have sued more than two dozen times invites you to hang out.
But that's exactly what happened Friday, when Texas Gov.-elect Greg Abbott came to the White House.
Abbott, currently the state's attorney general, led a lawsuit filed against Obama this week that challenges his executive action on immigration. Sixteen other states have signed on to the suit. It's the 31st lawsuit Abbott has filed against the Obama administration.
The president invited the nation's new governors-elect to the White House for a meeting. Abbott and six others attended.
"They represent a wide variety of states but they all have a common interest, and that is making sure that their constituents -- who are also my constituents -- are able to gain opportunity, work hard, prosper, feel secure. And that happens best when we work together," Obama said.
Lawsuits and nice words aside, things may have been a bit awkward between Abbott, who railed against Obama during his campaign, and the president.
And it's no secret that Abbott has little love for Washington. Here's how he once described his job as attorney general: "I go into the office, I sue the federal government, and then I go home."
During a meeting with administration officials and a group of newly-elected governors at the White House Friday, Texas Gov.-elect Greg Abbott said he voiced concerns about how immigration policy economically affecting the state. (AP)
 

Ugly Christmas Sweater Trend Spreads Nationwideugly christmas sweater trend spreads nationwide
Corrupt Apple Exec Sentenced to 1 Year in PrisonIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Green to miss sixth straight  aims to return TuesdayBy Alex Prewitt December 5 Follow @alex_prewitt
(Rob Carr/Getty Images)
NEWARK, N.J. – Defenseman Mike Green practiced for the second straight day with the Washington Capitals, continuing to regain strength after suffering an upper-body injury over two weeks ago, though he will miss Saturday’s matchup here with the New Jersey Devils, Green said.
“It’s frustrating because you hope it’s a day-to-day injury,” Green said. “At the most, five to six days. And here we are. I’m anxious to get back, but we’ve got to be smart. That’s the last thing you want, is setbacks. That’s more frustrating than taking a day or two to make sure you’re 100 percent.”
Green participated in limited segments Friday at AmeriHealth Pavilion, the Devils’ practice facility connected to the Prudential Center, mostly in non-contact situations. He did take part in one “grind drill,” as Coach Barry Trotz called it, but watched power play work from center-ice and still seemed lacking in power on passes and shots.
“Not much contact, but was able to gauge skating, shooting,” Green said, confirming the injury occurred in a different area than the upper-body issue that sidelined him from the season-opener against Montreal. “It’s definitely coming along. Definitely not [back yet], but it definitely is coming for sure, so that’s positive.”
When the Capitals decided to bring Green on their two-game road trip to Carolina and New Jersey, he was not expecting to be ready by Saturday. Instead, Green said, his “mindframe” was aimed at Tuesday’s visit to Tampa Bay, once Washington returns home for a day off Sunday and practices in Ballston on Monday.
“Haven’t skated with the team, so didn’t know how to gauge it,” he said. “After seeing the pace, doing a little bit of battling, it’s not quite ready for tomorrow. Don’t want to be a hazard on the ice. Just getting that strength and being able to shoot completely and pass the puck firm and make the plays. The game’s so quick, you’re going to get hit even harder if you can’t move or make those plays.”
Without Green, Jack Hillen has started five straight games on the Capitals’ third defensive pairing beside Nate Schmidt. During that span, they have gone 2-2-1, most recently snapping a two-game losing streak against the Hurricanes. Neither Hillen nor Schmidt have recorded a point in Green’s absence, but Green felt the blue line has held up well.
“With the system that we play, and the game plan we have as a defensive group, most nights everybody’s great,” he said. “There’s not much room for error with the way we play. If there is, maybe it’s a puck that bounces over a stick or something. I think the defense has played really well over the last little bit here.”
Still, anytime the blue line’s most efficient offensive weapon (1.64 points per 60 minutes) sits for five straight games, his lack of presence will inevitably be felt.
“I think we’ve had a few issues at times where Mike’s hands and Mike’s experience would help us out a little bit on that third pair,” Trotz said. “But he’s not there, so we can’t worry about it.”
Alex Prewitt covers the Washington Capitals. Follow him on Twitter @alex_prewitt or email him at alex.prewitt@washpost.com .

Thomas aims for redemptionBy Mike Jones December 5 Follow @mikejoneswapo
Indianapolis wide receiver Donte Moncrief hauls in a long pass against Phillip Thomas in the fourth quarter of the Redskins 49-27 loss. (John McDonnell/The Washington Post)
After spending his rookie season on injured reserve and the first nine weeks of this year on the practice squad, and seeing limited action on special teams for four games, safety Phillip Thomas received the most extensive playing time of his NFL career last week against the Indianapolis Colts.
The Fresno State product replaced an injured Brandon Meriweather and made a couple of solid tackles against the run. But he also had one of the biggest blunders of the game as he blew a coverage assignment and surrendered a 79-yard touchdown in the 49-27 thrashing.
Thomas instantly knew his error on the play. He didn’t stay deep on his Cover-2 assignment and instead got caught looking into the backfield. As a result, Thomas got torched by Andrew Luck and wide receiver Donte Moncrief for the longest touchdown of the day.
Meriweather remains injured — unable to practice all week — and is listed as doubtful for Sunday’s game. The Redskins again will have to turn to Thomas, the only other strong safety on the roster.
Thomas has spent the week studying and trying to further improve his understanding of the defense’s schemes and his responsibilities. He said that he has learned from last week’s mistakes and knows that he must do a better job of trusting the system and executing his responsibilities rather than trying to force plays.
“Defensive calls will allow me to do certain things and I’ve got to stick to it,” he said. “I get caught up sometimes because I like to see the ball. I like to look at the ball, and I get caught out of position sometimes, looking and seeing too much. I just need to see what I need to see and let my technique take care of the work.”
The Redskins used a fourth-round pick on Thomas, a former All-American, because of his ball-hawking skills and versatility. The injuries have kept them from seeing the translation to the NFL game. And when he did get his opportunity last week, Thomas didn’t deliver.
Coaches still believe Thomas has potential, but they need him to find a balance between discipline and aggression.
“He’s a smart kid. Sometimes gets a little greedy with his eyes and tries to make big plays that aren’t there,” Coach Jay Gruden said. “But hopefully, he’ll learn from it and have a good game. We need him.
“There are certain coverages where you have the opportunity to be a ball hawk,” Gruden also said. “But when you’re playing back-half and two-man, you don’t have that luxury. You have to understand certain coverages and when that’s okay. If we put you in position to be a ball hawk, then be a ball hawk. But if you’re playing it half-from center or two-deep coverage, you’ve got to play your two-deep coverage. Pick your spots, but understand he responsibilities of your coverage and where your location is, No. 1, first and foremost, and making a play is secondary.”
Thomas said as he takes the field Sunday, he will remind himself to be patient and let the game and play-making opportunities come to him. He believes that if he does, he can help answer some of the long-term questions the Redskins have about him, and the safety position.
“I’m just reminding myself this is football, man, and I’ve been doing it a long time,” Thomas said. “Making sure I stay on my reads, stay on my keys and take that technique on what I need to do, and then let my athletic ability and ball skills handle everything else. … It’s Brandon’s position, but I definitely gives me the opportunity to show my worth … that I’m in the mix. I need to show I have the ball skills that I had when I came out of Fresno and attacking and all that other ability.”
More from The Post:

Following inaction by grand juries  more protestsBy Sarah Larimer December 5 Follow @slarimer
Demonstrators block Public Square on Nov. 25, 2014, in Cleveland, during a protest over the weekend police shooting of Tamir Rice. The 12-year-old was fatally shot by a Cleveland police officer Saturday after he reportedly pulled a replica gun at the city park. (AP Photo/Tony Dejak)
The estate of a 12-year-old boy who was fatally shot while carrying a toy gun in Cleveland has filed a lawsuit against the police officers who were involved in the incident, as well as the city, court documents show.
The eight-page complaint, filed Friday in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Ohio , claims that Timothy Loehmann and Frank Garmback used excessive and unnecessary force against Tamir Rice, and caused his wrongful death.
Tamir was shot on Nov. 22  at a local park in Cleveland , when Loehmann and Garmback responded to a 911 call about a person pointing a gun. The caller noted that the firearm was “probably fake,” but that message wasn’t passed on to police, and the gun’s orange safety cap was missing.
Loehmann shot Tamir in the stomach, and the boy died early the next day. He lay on the ground without medical treatment for at least four minutes after the shooting, the lawsuit claims.
“As a direct and proximate result of the conduct of Defendants City of Cleveland, Loehmann, and Garmback, Tamir Rice suffered terror and fear as Defendants Loehmann and Garmback approached him with their cruiser and their guns,” the court filing reads. “Tamir Rice also suffered physical injury, pain, torture, emotional and psychological trauma, and eventually died as a result of the use of force and failure to provide adequate medical care described above.”
Editor's note: This video contains graphic content. The family of Tamir Rice, the 12-year-old boy who was shot and killed by police while carrying a BB gun in a Cleveland park, authorized the release of surveillance footage showing the incident. (Cleveland Police)
 
Surveillance footage released last month shows the 26-year-old Loehmann, a rookie officer who struggled at another department earlier in his law enforcement career , jumping out of a cruiser and shooting Rice within seconds of arriving on the scene.
“Young boys playing with replica guns are commonplace in America and police are expected to approach them safely if an investigation is warranted,” the complaint reads, “not shoot them dead within two seconds.”
The lawsuit lists Elizabeth Goodwin, administrator for the estate, as the plaintiff. Attorneys listed on the court filings did not immediately respond to an e-mail seeking comment. A spokesman for the city of Cleveland also did not immediately respond to a telephone message and an e-mail.

Second video of Eric Garner may be more disturbing than the firstPost by Taisha Allen .
 
There is a second Eric Garner video . It shows not the now-infamous scene that ultimately led to his death — the confrontation with New York Police Department officers, one grabbing Garner around his neck, Garner's body thrown to the ground — but the aftermath. For seven minutes, a disgusted bystander continues to film as Garner lies, unmoving, on the sidewalk, police officers involved in the incident milling around him.
The video was originally posted on Facebook over the summer but has received renewed attention after a grand jury decided not to indict an officer involved in the altercation. As Harry Siegel at the New York Daily News points out , this video is almost more disturbing — or disturbing in a way that says something slightly different about Garner and the officers in question. About Garner: If he appears in the first video as the subject of police aggression, here he barely seems to warrant their attention at all. About the officers: They betray no sense of urgency or concern as they wait for first responders. It's as if the event were almost banal.
The moment is much shorter than the four-and-a-half hours Michael Brown's body lay in the street after his death. But it says something similar, that the way we treat a body reflects how we value the life.
Emily Badger is a reporter for Wonkblog covering urban policy. She was previously a staff writer at The Atlantic Cities.

DGCA acts tough on SpiceJet  cancels 186 slotsDefence helps build Tatas’ war chest
Concerned over the deteriorating condition of SpiceJet and large-scale flight cancellations, aviation regulator DGCA on Friday withdrew 186 of its slots and asked it to clear salary dues of all its employees in the next 10 days.
After reviewing the situation facing the no-frill carrier, DGCA chief Prabhat Kumar took a series of decisions, including asking the airline to file a “convincing schedule” by December 15 to clear its over Rs 1,500 crore dues to various vendors including airports and oil companies, official sources said.
The DGCA also directed the airline not to take bookings of flights over one month and refund the booking amount to the customers of cancelled flights in 30 days, they said. As many as 93 arrival and 93 departure slots were withdrawn by DGCA as the low-cost carrier was operating 232 flights in October, instead of 339 in September, the sources said.
The regulator would now on also carry out “heightened” surveillance of all SpiceJet flights on landing to ensure that safety is not compromised due to its financial troubles, they said. The measures came a day after civil aviation minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju said troubled SpiceJet was seeming to “give us heart attacks”.
SpiceJet in a late night statement said that returning of unused slots to the airport operator was a routine process.
“As a natural consequence of the fleet reduction of 15 Boeing planes, unused slots are given back to the airports. This is routine process and a natural outcome of our revised fleet plan, and there is nothing unusual about the slots being cancelled,” the airline said.
TAGS: DGCA SpiceJet
More from companies

Shraddha Kapoor desperately trying to put on weightWritten by Namita Nivas | Mumbai |
Posted: December 5, 2014 1:00 am | Updated: December 6, 2014 9:37 am
There are actresses who are desperately trying to knock off some weight and there’s Shraddha Kapoor who is keen to put on some. Because of the cardio, she does during her regular workouts in the gym and the hectic dance rehearsals that she is doing for ABCD 2 the actress is looking quite skinny.
“Even my fans are telling me that I am too thin and that they liked me in the Aashiqui 2 look. So I am eating a lot these days! Of course, I make sure that I eat healthy,” she chirped as she bit into a chicken sausage.
We are sure many girls would love to switch places with her!

Former CJI Bharucha quits as RIL arbitratorFormer CJI SP Bharucha quits as RIL arbitrator
Anshuman Tiwari     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 6, 2014  | 10:05 IST
Photo: Reuters
Former Chief Justice of India (CJI) SP Bharucha, who was nominated by Reliance Industries Limited (RIL) as arbitrator in the Krishna-Godavari Basin D6 gas fields dispute with the government, has recused himself.
The government had challenged Bharucha's nomination claiming that he had not disclosed all previous associations with RIL and his arbitration could create doubts about his independence and impartiality.
Bharucha's resignation came after the Supreme Court (SC) issued a notice to RIL on Friday morning.
The government has nominated another former CJI VN Khare in Bharucha's place.
The apex court in April appointed Michael Kirby, a former Judge of an Australian High Court, as chairman of the three-member arbitration panel as the third 'neutral' arbitrator.
The need for a third member rose after another arbitrator, also a former Australian Judge Michael Hudson McHugh had recused himself. In its appeal to the SC, the government mentioned Bharucha had informed in a letter in April that "if I had any reason to doubt my ability to decide the issues involved in the arbitration, I would not have accepted the nomination as arbitrator".
But he had declined to respond to queries raised by lawyers.
Bharucha was once again asked to make a disclosure under the Arbitration Act and IBA guidelines on conflict of interest in international arbitration.
Bharucha said in May that "he has nothing to add to his earlier response except that he holds shares of Reliance Industries or any associated company".
The government contested saying, "Contrary to the stand taken by Justice Bharucha, the lawyers of Reliance informed in June 2014 that Justice Bharucha has given opinions to RIL between 2009-2012 and disclosed the fees paid to him," the government said.

http://usat.ly/1voGedkFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Dow, S&P 500 hit closing highs after jobs news
Stocks rose Friday -- with the Dow and S&P 500 notching closing highs -- after November's jobs gains blew way past estimates.
Post to Facebook
Dow, S&P 500 hit closing highs after jobs news Stocks rose Friday -- with the Dow and S&P 500 notching closing highs -- after November's jobs gains blew way past estimates. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1CMu8EX
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
75
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Dow, S&P 500 hit closing highs after jobs news
Kim Hjelmgaard and Matt Krantz , USA TODAY 4:42 p.m. EST December 5, 2014
A trader works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
(Photo: Richard Drew, AP)
711 CONNECT 198 TWEET 13 LINKEDIN 75 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Stocks rose Friday -- with the Dow and S&P 500 notching closing highs -- after November's jobs gains blew way past estimates.
Employers added 321,000 jobs in November — the largest one-month gain in more than two years, the Labor Department said. Those numbers -- which kept the jobless rate steady at 5.8% -- far exceeded most economists' expectations of 225,000 new jobs.
The Dow Jones industrial average ended up 0.3%, a gain of 59 points, to its new closing high of 17,958.79. Climbing 0.2%, or about 3 and a half points, was the S&P 500. Its new high is 2,075.37.
Both indexes hit their previous closing highs -- 17,912.62 and 2,074.33, respectively -- on Wednesday.
The Nasdaq composite gained 0.2%, or 11 points.
Starbucks powered to an-all time high as the coffee shop icon debuted a huge flagship Starbucks store in its hometown of Seattle. SBUX ended the day at $83.57 per share, a gain of 2.8%.
In other economic news, orders to U.S. factories slipped for a third straight month in October and would have fallen even more except for a big jump in defense orders.
The U.S. trade deficit fell slightly in October as exports rebounded while oil imports dipped to the lowest level in five years.
Consumers increased their borrowing in October but at a slightly slower pace than in the previous month as credit card use slowed.
Asian stocks ended higher. European shares saw solid gains, with the DAX of Germany and the CAC 40 of France vaulting 2.4% and 2.2% higher, respectively.
Tokyo's Nikkei 225 index added 0.2%. Hong Kong's Hang Seng index rose 1.2%. Stocks in mainland China advanced 1.3%.
The Labor Department's payrolls report is expected to show 225,000 payroll gains by businesses, as well as federal, state and local governments.
On Thursday, the European Central Bank kept its benchmark interest rate unchanged at 0.05%, as expected.
"In spite of another downward revision to growth and inflation staff projections, the ECB delivered nothing but some futile communication changes," said Frederik Ducrozet, a senior economist at Credit Agricole Corp. "Draghi was not in a position to give any explicit signal at this point. This suggests that political hurdles to sovereign QE remain high."
Crude oil was down 46 cents at $66.50 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange.

Aviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: ReportSpiceJet Cancellations Trigger Chaos At Airports
New Delhi: Concerned over the deteriorating condition of SpiceJet and large-scale flight cancellations, aviation regulator DGCA on Friday withdrew 186 of its slots and asked it to clear salary dues of all its employees in the next ten days.
After reviewing the situation facing the no-frill carrier, DGCA chief Prabhat Kumar took a series of decisions, including asking the airline to file a "convincing schedule" by December 15 to clear its over Rs 1,500 crore dues to various vendors including airports and oil companies, official sources said.
The measures came a day after Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju said troubled SpiceJet seems to "give us heart attacks". (Read: Airline Sector Running Through 'Turbulent Weather': Aviation Minister )
"We are running through a lot of turbulent weather...not only the public sector, private sector is also crashing. (With) Kingfisher crashing and, right now, SpiceJet seems to be giving us heart attacks as far as airlines are concerned," Mr Raju had said.
The DGCA also directed the airline not to take bookings of flights over one month and refund the booking amount to the customers of cancelled flights in 30 days, they said.
As many as 93 arrival and 93 departure slots were withdrawn by DGCA as the low-cost carrier was operating 232 flights in October, instead of 339 in September, the sources said.
The regulator would now on also carry out "heightened" surveillance of all SpiceJet flights on landing to ensure that safety is not compromised due to its financial troubles, they said.
Asking the airline to clear salary dues of all its staffers by December 15, the regulator directed it to disburse the salaries now on by the 7th of every month. .
With over 125 pilots quitting the airline in the recent past, the aviation regulator asked SpiceJet to ensure that the Flight Duty Time Limitation (FDTL), a rule which governs maximum duty time for the cockpit crew, was not violated even if the airline was facing a pilots' crunch.
The DGCA has asked the airline to report compliance of its first steps by Monday, the sources said.
The airline officials were not immediately available for comments on the DGCA directives to the airline.
The airline has reported fifth straight quarter of net losses for the July-September period, at Rs 310 crore, although it is down from the year-ago period when it had a net loss of Rs 559 crore.
The airline auditors, in their recent report, have cast doubts over the ability of media baron Kalanithi Maran's budget carrier to run as a "going concern".
Also on Friday, airline chief operating officer Sanjiv Kapoor denied reports that Airports Authority of India had put the SpiceJet on cash-and-carry mode.
"Clarifying once more, as news media continue to report wrongly: SpiceJet is categorically NOT on cash and carry with the AAI. @flyspicejet," Mr Kapoor tweeted on the micro-blogging site.
The reports had said that the AAI had decided to withdrawn the credit facility to SpiceJet and asked it to pay in advance before flying from any of its airports.
Meanwhile, SpiceJet in a late night statement said that returning of unused slots to the airport operator was a routine process.
On the certain directions from the DGCA received by SpiceJet, the airline will like to place on record that today it has informed the DGCA and the public that for the near-medium term, it intends to operate a fleet of 22 Boeing 737s and 15 Q400s, down from 37 B737s that we operated earlier this year (Q400 fleet remains unchanged), the statement said.
"As a natural consequence of the fleet reduction of 15 Boeing planes, unused slots are given back to the airports. This is routine process and a natural outcome of our revised fleet plan, and there is nothing unusual about the slots being cancelled," the airline said.
The future booking on cancelled flights has already been stopped as part of standard process, the statement said, adding SpiceJet believes the DGCA's directions on stopping of the future bookings in advance will be counter-productive.
The airline will be discussing the pros and cons of this cooperatively with the DGCA, it said.
As standard practise, SpiceJet provides refunds of all bookings for cancelled flights made directly with the airline (credit card or cash) within an average of 10 days, with no deduction of any kind, the statement said.
The airline also said that it has already paid November salary to 85 per cent of its staff by today and the remaining 15 per cent employees will get the salary by next week.
Story first published on: December 06, 2014 15:21 (IST)

http://usat.ly/1voEMb4Detroit's manager to resign as city exits bankruptcy
Kevyn Orr will leave the city with a fiscally sound 2-year budget that's in the black.
Post to Facebook
Detroit's manager to resign as city exits bankruptcy Kevyn Orr will leave the city with a fiscally sound 2-year budget that's in the black. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1CO0C1r
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
5
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Detroit's manager to resign as city exits bankruptcy
Matt Helms, Detroit Free Press 3:58 p.m. EST December 5, 2014
Kevyn Orr Detroit Emergency Manager talks with businessmen and women about investing in Detroit during the Michigan Private Equity Conference on Friday, October 17, 2014 at the Student Union Building in Ann Arbor.
(Photo: Kirthmon F. Dozier)
35 CONNECT 12 TWEET LINKEDIN 5 COMMENTEMAILMORE
DETROIT -- Outgoing Detroit emergency manager Kevyn Orr told a state oversight board this morning that he's prepared to ask a federal judge to make the city's exit from bankruptcy official next week, and that he'll resign and leave the city with a two-year budget that is in the black for the first time in years.
Orr, speaking to the Financial Review Commission that has oversight of city finances for at least 13 years, said he intends to sign his final order as EM next week, "recommending to you and the governor that the financial emergency is completed, and I would resign."
That, if accepted by Gov. Rick Snyder, would fully restore government powers to Detroit's elected officials, except that the city will remain under oversight of the review commission and must stay within the confines of its bankruptcy exit plan that lays out goals for fiscal stability and reinvestment in critical city services over the next 10 years.
Judge approves Detroit's exit from bankruptcy
Orr would present the order to U.S. Bankruptcy Judge Steven Rhodes, but Orr said it's highly unlikely the judge would reject the exit after he approved Detroit's bankruptcy plan of adjustment last month. The date Orr selects — it could be Dec. 15 — would mark Detroit's official exit from the largest municipal bankruptcy in U.S. history, with the city shedding $7 billion of its $18 billion in debts and liabilities and instituting a plan to spend $1.4 billion on blight removal and improving city services over the next decade.
Orr, who left the Jones Day law firm in Washington, D.C., to become EM, said the 2014-2015 budget will begin with a $58 million deficit carried over from this year, but that shortfall will be eliminated as terms of the bankruptcy play out, and by the end of the fiscal year, Detroit will have a $62 million cash cushion and $49 million in cash that will be used on reinvestments in public services. The budget projects Detroit will take in nearly $1.25 billion in revenue.
In 2015-2016, the city's revenues will drop to about $1.1 billion, with projected expenditures of $1.067 billion, still carrying forward $53 million in cash reserves; the state requires Detroit to have a cash cushion of 5% of its expenditures in case revenues unexpectedly decline or expenses rise.
Addressing the surprised reaction of commissioner Darrell Burks, a certified public accountant for more than 30 years who saw a much more grim financial picture when he sat on the city's Financial Advisory Board before the city filed for bankruptcy, Orr acknowledged, "It's a different day."
Detroit creative when it comes to fixing what's broken
Detroit is "fortunate that the city can show for the next two years it will not only have the resources to pay as it goes, but it will also have the ability to carry forward both minimum cash balance and a cash cushion for both years," Orr told commissioners.
The commission's role as fiscal watchdog over Detroit kicks in on the date the bankruptcy exit plan is effective. The nine-member board includes state Treasurer Kevin Clinton, state Budget Director John Roberts, Mayor Mike Duggan, City Council President Brenda Jones and five appointees of Snyder.
The board has the authority to reject contracts, spending and borrowing by the city. If Detroit can stay within budget and meet terms of the bankruptcy exit plan for three years in a row, the commission could go dormant so long as Detroit stays on track financially.
35 CONNECT 12 TWEET LINKEDIN 5 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1CO0C1r
USA NOW
Suspected family murderer has been found dead | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

Infosys mulls setting up marketplace for clients  staffInfosys mulls setting up marketplace for clients, staff
Bibhu Ranjan Mishra | Bangalore Dec 06, 2014 10:25 PM IST
Infosys, India’s second-largest information technology services company, is planning to set up a marketplace of short-term internal projects that may be offered to clients.
The proposal being fleshed out could become the next step for infotech services delivery where staff can work on interesting projects and clients will not have to go through the hassles of the sales process.
Infosys CEO and MD Vishal Sikka hinted at how the company was planning to move in this direction during an address to analysts on Thursday.
“Much of sales for our kind of business can be made automatic. We can create marketplaces where at least long-standing customers can directly work with our employees on creating project teams,” he said and added the company had started work on this.
Company sources said Infosys had an internal portal, MyWorks, where it posted internal work for unbilled resources known as bench staff. Work on such projects allows staff to be evaluated. Infosys is now looking at putting up small short-term projects of clients, not just for the bench staff but for all employees.
The next step is for clients themselves putting their project requirements on the portal and choosing teams. “To come to a point when clients will be able put their requirements on the portal is the ultimate aim. We don’t have any working model as of now to do this,” senior sources in the company said.
According to sources, once the internal project marketplace is opened up for all employees, learning new technologies could become an attraction. “A person working on old technology or simple stuff will want to work on new technologies. For such people, this will be a great opportunity. What financial benefit they derive is being evaluated,” the source added.
Employees working on projects can take up new ones only in their spare time. “They can finish their client commitment and whatever extra time they have, they can work beyond that period,” the source said.
Infosys had 165,411 employees on its rolls on September 30, 2014, including those from its subsidiaries.

IISc emerges as top Indian universityIndian Institute of Science emerges as top Indian university
PTI Dec 6, 2014, 12.15PM IST
Tags:
Brics
(The Times Higher Education…)
LONDON: The Indian Institute of Science (IISc) has emerged as India's new No 1 in the latest rankings for universities from BRICS and other emerging economies.
The Times Higher Education (THE) Rankings 2015 has placed Bangalore-based IISc at No 25 in the overall 100, topped by China's Peking University.
According to the latest rankings, India has four varsities in the top 40 -- IISc, IIT Bombay (37), IIT Roorkee (38) and Chandigarh's Panjab University (39), and seven more in the top 100.
"There is some good news for India as it has universities in the top 100, which is a good sign and it also has entirely new entrants arriving in the higher echelons of the table," said Phil Baty, editor of the Times Higher Education Rankings .
Baty, however, said there are "some major challenges for India's higher education system and there is clearly a national priority to improve quality across the system."
"These leading universities need special extra levels of funding to stay competitive and pay competitive salaries. They also need improvements to infrastructure and there is a need to invest more in research as well as teaching," he added.
The other seven universities that complete India's tally of 11 institutions in the 2015 list -- up from 10 last year -- are: IITs Kharagpur (43), Madras (44), and Delhi (56).
The Jawaharlal Nehru University (71), IIT Kanpur (74), Aligarh Muslim University (78) and IIT Guwahati (98).
Some 22 countries classified as emerging economies by FTSE have been analysed for the rankings, including Brazil, Russia, India, China, South Africa (BRICS).
China has dramatically strengthened its position as the number one nation of the emerging economies, matching its economic dominance with rapidly improving universities.
"The big story this year is that China dominate these tables so powerfully and has increased its dominance yet further," said Baty.
"India for example is some distance behind China and this should be a concern for India's future economic strength and its global competitiveness," he said.
The new annual tables are based on a comprehensive range of 13 separate, rigorous performance indicators used to create the definitive THE World University Rankings, covering all aspects of the modern university's core missions (teaching, research, knowledge transfer and international outlook).
The indicators have been specially recalibrated to better reflect the character and development priorities of universities in emerging economies.
The top five after Perking University is completed by China's Tsinghua University , Turkey's Middle East Technical University, University of Cape Town and MV Lomonosov Moscow State University, respectively.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Struggling Mumbai face tough Atletico de Kolkata test in ISLUpdated: December 6, 2014 12:27 IST
Struggling Mumbai face tough Atletico de Kolkata test in ISL
PTI
Tweet
The Hindu
Mumbai FC team player Nicolas Anelka had missed the last three ties due to a groin injury and it remains to be seen whether the star player will be risked in the all important clash on Sunday. File Photo
TOPICS
soccer
With its campaign in tatters after three consecutive defeats, Mumbai City FC needs to regroup quickly as it finds itself in a must-win situation against a formidable Atletico de Kolkata (ATK) in an Indian Super League (ISL) match, in Mumbai on Sunday.
Having just 12 points in as many matches, the bottom-placed side is virtually out of contention for a semi-final berth after a string of lacklustre performances.
Mumbai’s chances are hanging by the thread as they have to win both their remaining matches (including the game against ATK) and further their hopes to qualify would also depend a lot on ifs and buts.
Things are definitely looking bleak for the Peter Reid-coached side, which has conceded 9 goals in its last three games and without the presence of key players, it is going to be a daunting task against the Kolkata side.
The hapless side has been plagued with injuries to its strikers, which hasn’t helped their cause.
The attack looks toothless without French import Nicolas Anelka and Brazilian Andre Moritz. Anelka had missed the last three ties due to a groin injury and it remains to be seen whether the star player will be risked in the all important clash on Sunday.
Hat-trick scorer Moritz had sustained a hamstring injury against Chennaiyin FC in the last home game and is unlikely to be fit.
Marquee player Frederik Ljungberg has spent most of his time away from the field nursing injuries and in the short time that he has played, the Swede has looked out of sorts.
The former Arsenal star had missed the previous game against Pune City FC due to an injury and his participation looks doubtful.
Indian forwards Subash Singh and Abhishek Yadav, who have a goal each to their credit, would have to pull up their socks and pump in goals to harbour any hopes of qualifying for the play-offs. Subash has been guilty of squandering chances and the hosts would hope he comes good and converts the chances in the penultimate league clash.
The Ranbir Kapoor-owned side has scored just 9 goals while conceding 19 and defenders Pavel Cmvos, Manuel Fredrich, Johan Letzelter, skipper Syed Rahim Nabi would have to come up with better performances to help custodian Subrata Paul.
On the other hand, ATK would be eyeing a win to seal a spot in the semi-finals.
After being table toppers in the league, the Sourav Ganguly-owned side has slipped to the third spot but a win against Mumbai will assure them a berth in the play-offs.
The Antonio Habas Lopez-coached side have no dearth in firepower but have been struggling with just one win their last eight games.
With 18 points from 12 matches, ATK’s marquee signing Luis Garcia had said they are anxious to win against Mumbai to clinch a spot in the semis.
“Not desperate, but yes we are anxious to get the points and get through. Our target from the beginning of the season was to make the semis cut, we have been close in last few games,” the former Liverpool player had said.
The visitors would be without the services of Spanish midfielder Jofre Mateu Gonzalez has been ruled out after picking up a ligament injury.
One of the biggest concerns for the visitors is the lack of goals from their striker force. After dominating the league early on, the Kolkata outfit hasn’t been able to maintain the same performance and they would look to find the back of the net more often against the side they routed 3-0 in the inaugural match of the ISL.
Their ace Ethiopian striker Fikru Teferra’s form seems to have deserted him after his sublime performance in the first two games and the visitors would hope the 28-year old comes to the party in this important match, and increases his goal tally of four from 10 appearances.
Kingshuk Debnath, Arnab Mondal, Josemi and N Mohanraj form the core of ATK’s defence and the four have done well so far and would look check the lacklustre Mumbai attack.

Meltdown at The New Republic magazine after shakeupMeltdown at The New Republic magazine after shakeup
PTI
Tweet
Washington, Dec 6:  
The New Republic, a century-old left-leaning political magazine in the US bought by a Facebook billionaire in 2012, has been plunged into turmoil after a shakeup ousting its top editors, amid a shift to digital.
Numerous senior editors announced their resignations yesterday to protest the departure of chief editor Franklin Foer and literary editor Leon Wieseltier, reportedly prompted by owner Chris Hughes.
Hughes this week announced plans to cut the frequency of the print magazine and reconfigure the organisation as a digital media group, according to a memo leaked to several media outlets.
The magazine is also moving its offices to New York City from Washington.
Julia Ioffe, a senior editor, announced her resignation in a Facebook posting joined by 10 other top journalists at the 100-year-old publication.
“Today, I did something I thought I’d never do and quit The New Republic. It has been, hands down, the happiest, most satisfying, most intellectually stimulating place I’ve ever worked and my colleagues were, hands down, the most competent, talented, and decent people in the business,” she said.
Ioffe denounced “the cowardly, hostile way Frank and Leon and the rest of us were treated.”
Ioffe said Hughes and Chief Executive Guy Vidra attempted to portray the editors as “dinosaurs who think that the Internet is scary” but that the staff was “not afraid of change.”
Contributing editor Jonathan Chait, who also quit, wrote a lengthy “eulogy” for the publication in New York Magazine.
“The conflict between Hughes and most of the staff of The New Republic is not about technology,” Chait wrote.
“The problem, rather, is that Hughes and Vidra are afflicted with the belief that they can copy the formula that transformed the Huffington Post and BuzzFeed into economic successes, which is probably wrong, and that this formula can be applied to The New Republic, which is certainly wrong.”
A list reproduced on Twitter showed the names of more than a dozen editors resigning in protest.
The Daily Beast reported that a letter signed by 10 contributing editors asked for their names to be removed from the masthead.
“Dear Mr Hughes, We are contributing editors of The New Republic, and our commitment to the venerable principles of the magazine requires us now to resign,” the letter said.
Hughes said in a tweet stream that he was “saddened by the loss of such great talent.”
He followed up by writing that “I am excited to work with our team — both new and old alike — as we pave a new way forward.”
(This article was published on December 6, 2014)
Related

Tiger Woods is India s most expensive brand endorserTiger Woods is India's most expensive brand endorser
Viveat Susan Pinto | Mumbai Dec 06, 2014 10:34 PM IST
One of the world's best golfers is also India's most-expensive brand endorser. By landing a four-year deal with the world's largest two-wheeler maker by volume, Hero Motocorp, American Tiger Woods has pipped our desi boys to the post in terms of endorsement fees.
The 38-year-old Woods is rumoured to be taking home around $4-5 million (or Rs 25-30 crore) a year for his endorsement of Hero. In contrast, Bollywood actor-producer Aamir Khan, considered the most-expensive brand endorser among Indian movie stars, walks home with an estimated $2-2.5 million (or Rs 12-15 crore) per year for every endorsement he undertakes. The numbers have been sourced from celebrity managers who negotiate and manage endorsements of stars.
Woods is also way ahead of some of the international names that have lent their star power to Indian brands in recent years. These include Maria Sharapova and Hugh Jackman, who were roped in by real estate company Homestead and handset maker Micromax a year-and-a-half to two years ago for an estimated $1.5-1.75 million (or Rs 9-10 crore), respectively.
Woods beats local favourites Salman Khan and Shahrukh Khan hands down in terms of endorsement fees. The two Khans along with Ranbir Kapoor, Amitabh Bachchan and Mahendra Singh Dhoni take home $1 million (or Rs 6-7 crore) per year per brand.
Why is Hero paying so much for Woods? Because, as brand experts say, the company is keen to tap into his international appeal to make inroads into global markets as well as position itself as a premium entity in India.
"Woods is a known name in international markets and having him to endorse Hero will lend credibility as well as fame to the Hero brand name. The latter is largely known in the Indian market," says the head of a celebrity management firm who has worked with Hero Motocorp earlier.
Harish Bijoor, chief executive officer, Harish Bijoor Consults, says, "Indian companies wanting a global image use internationally known celebrities as brand endorsers. Woods' endorsement falls in that bracket. However, I am not sure whether the brand fit is right since Woods represents a niche sport, which is golf, while Hero Motocorp is about bikes targeted at the common man. So here is a sportsman representing a niche sport versus a product that is mass. I am not sure where is the fit here."
Pawan Munjal, vice-chairman and managing director, Hero Motocorp, in a statement on Tuesday, however, said Woods was just the personality the company was seeking to give Hero the necessary boost. "His appeal cuts across age groups and geographies and he will also be our corporate partner for the next four years. He will also promote the Hero brand across the world, and not just in the US market," he said.
Celebrity managers say Hero has been long associated with golf and has professional golfers such as Anirban Lahiri, Shiv Kapur, Gaganjeet Bhullar, Daniel Chopra and Sharmila Nicollet as its brand ambassadors. In September, Hero had announced a separate four-year deal with the Tiger Woods Foundation to become the title sponsor of the Hero World Challenge, a PGA Tour event.
Brand experts say signing up names such as Woods or even Jackman helps the products they are endorsing to stand out in the advertising clutter. When Hollywood actor Hugh Jackman was taken on board in October last year, Micromax's co-founder Rahul Sharma had said, "We aspire to emerge as a strong global brand. It is not just about India. It is time for more, beyond the subcontinent."
Analysts tracking Micromax had said Jackman's endorsement would help the company tap into users of Samsung and Apple phones, who till then had spurned Micromax owing to its perception of being a value brand targeted at price-conscious consumers.
Since then there has been a change in perception. For the quarter ending September 2014, Micromax had narrowed the gap with Samsung in terms of volume market share, standing at 20 per cent versus Samsung's 24 per cent, according to a study by International Data Corporation (IDC).
In terms of value, however, Samsung still leads with a share of 41.5 per cent versus Micromax's 10.6 per cent, according to a study by market research firm GfK. But analysts tracking the industry say Samsung's high value share is mainly on account of the push the company is giving to phones priced Rs 40,000 and above in comparison with Micromax, which is present largely in the sub-Rs 20,000 a unit category.
Clearly, Micromax has gained from its association with Jackman. Hero Motocorp seems to be taking its cue.

Tractor sales will pick up by March: Pawan GoenkaTractor sales will pick up by March: Pawan Goenka
Arindam Majumder | Kolkata Dec 06, 2014 12:18 PM IST
Mahindra and Mahindra (M&M), which saw its tractor sales fall by 33%in November, expects demand revival only in March. 
“I expect sales to remain flat for the next three months and pick up only in March,” said Pawan Goenka, executive director and president of farm and automotive sector, M&M.
The company’s domestic sales fell 36% in November to 14,207 units, from 22,343 units in November 2013. Total tractor sales were down 34% to 15,333 units, as against 23,119 units for the same period last year. 
“Harvest from Kharif crops has been much lower for the season, which impacted the sales of tractors,” Goenka said.
He added that delayed paddy crop, low prices of sugarcane and cotton saw farm income taking a dip. Input costs also went up, resulting in low demand for tractors.
The company sells M&M and Swaraj brand of tractors in the country. 
“This is not only the case for us, the whole tractor industry is facing a slowdown,” he said.
M&M has a domestic market share of 40%.
According to a recent report by Crisil, tractor sales will decline almost 3 to 4% in 2014-15 following a strong growth of 20% in the last financial year due to below normal and erratic monsoon.
However, Goenka is optimistic about the scenario changing by March. “A good Rabi crop season will see simultaneous rise in farm income, which will boost the sales of tractors within the next three months.,” he said. 
He added that the company's new launch Arjun Novo has seen good response.
Goenka, however, added that the Indian tractor industry will reach saturation level by 2023, which will result only in replacement demand.
"After 2023, the (tractor) market should saturate and therefore we'll only see replacement demand and probably growth would come to half of that," he said.

GVK Biosciences manipulated results of generic drug trials: ReportsDefence helps build Tatas’ war chest
GVK Biosciences (GVK BIO) allegedly manipulated the results of clinical trials of generic drugs it carried out on behalf of several European manufacturers, say some German media reports. Germany’s drug regulators are currently examining whether to suspend the use of more than 100 medicines on the suspicion that they were given marketing licences for forged medical reports of human trials, say TV channels NDR and WDR and the Munich daily Sueddeutsche Zeitung.
FE had reported on September 26 that GVK BIO had received a letter from the Coordination Group for Mutual Recognition and Decentralised Procedures-Human (CMDh), a European drug agency, along with France-based Agency for Medicines and Health Products Safety (ANSM), following a ‘good clinical practice’ (GCP) inspection citing deficiencies that stretch back to 2008.
French drug regulator ANSM found out during a routine control of medical reports earlier this year that GVK Bio had forged the outcome of a study of a heart drug.
In nine studies, the French authorities found partial manipulation. The EMA had in July written to all manufacturers of generic drugs in the EU, seeking details of their cooperation with GVK Bio. The Federal Institute for Medicines and Medical Products, which issues licences in Germany, confirmed that it had been investigating the allegations against the company. The agency said it was too early to determine the exact number of medicines involved, but they may be more than 100, according to the reports.
Two drugs manufactured by the German company, Betapharm and anti-allergy medicine Fexofenadin by Hexal, are among the medicines currently being investigated.
German authorities have so far no information that the drugs involved posed any health risk for the public, the reports said. Documents with the EMA and the European Commission showed that at least 10 GVK Bio staff members were involved in the forgery, which took place between 2008 and 2013, the reports said.
When contacted, GVK Bio said in an email response that it had already submitted independent cardiology assessments of the ECGs indicating that they belonged to multiple volunteers and it was difficult to conclude that they belonged to the same volunteer. The company said an inspection team from the German drug regulatory body inspected the facility in October.
“We also provided evidence that all key activities such as dosing, blood sampling and processing were adequately controlled, supervised and the staff were qualified to do the work. We also strengthened the operating procedures around taking the ECGs and these were accepted by the authorities,’’ the company said.
“We are disappointed that despite providing detailed clarifications, unfortunately CHMP (Committee for Medicinal products for Human use) has concluded that though the ‘check-out’ ECGs may have no direct relevance to the quality of the testing of drugs, the fact that the same employees were involved in other critical activities left an element of doubt on the bio-equivalence results. Hence, authorities have concluded that the bioequivalence (BE) studies conducted at our Hyderabad clinic are not sufficient to support marketing authorisation holders (MAHs) for the products approved. We expect that the marketing authorisation holders will need to repeat the studies in the next 12-15 months,’’ the company said.
Bioequivalence studies are used to assess the expected in-vivo biological equivalence of two proprietary preparations of a drug. If two products are said to be bioequivalent, it means that they would be expected to be, for all intents and purposes, the same.
TAGS: GVK Biosciences
More from companies

http://usat.ly/1w76IHnFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
'Gas war' breaks out when price falls below $2
How low are gas prices going? So low that "gas wars," a term not heard in many places since the early 1970s, are breaking out. With gas prices crashing, stations are scrambling to stay ahead of each other when
Post to Facebook
'Gas war' breaks out when price falls below $2 How low are gas prices going? So low that "gas wars," a term not heard in many places since the early 1970s, are breaking out. With gas prices crashing, stations are scrambling to stay ahead of each other when Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1CHIxSF
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
75
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
'Gas war' breaks out when price falls below $2
Chris Woodyard , USA TODAY 7:10 p.m. EST December 4, 2014
Video Keywords road trip business segment Ford Expedition cheap gas OPEC Middle East Japan Europe United States China
The last time fuel was this cheap, at well under $3 a gallon nationally, was the fall of 2010. How long will we see these low prices? VPC
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:01  You've probably noticed that getting around town has gotten cheaper
00:05  this year yeah we're talking about gas prices. Well under three
00:10  dollars a gallon now the last time prices were this low
00:13  was 2010. And you may remember that prices were going up.
00:18  And down quite a bit during that time we've actually seen
00:21  gas prices now in a pretty steady decline since the summer
00:24  of point fourteen. And that comes without a lot of volatility.
00:28  As you fill up for that road trip to grandma's house
00:30  for the holidays considered the market facts that are causing gas
00:34  prices to drop. It's simple supply and demand. US oil production
00:39  is on the rise and OPEC is maintaining its levels of
00:44  oil production they put that altogether. You combine it with slacking
00:47  demand in places like Japan and Europe and the United States.
00:51  And that's why the price of fuel at the pump it's
00:53  so cheap cheap gas needs more drivers. A little extra cash
00:57  in their bank accounts. And many are feeling pretty good about
01:00  it heading out to our dealerships to pick up you set
01:03  of wheels. And with gas prices low so called gas guzzlers
01:08  are all the rage our shoppers. Shifted their focus toward suvs
01:12  and pickup trucks these lines in November smallest and he's really
01:16  suck big boom with overall sales up about 1% overall business
01:19  segment. Even three grow larger crossovers and traditional big suvs I'd
01:24  like Ford Expedition ship I was goes all increased 456%. Pick
01:29  up trucks while full size pick up where about 10% over
01:32  also another good month for them. Enjoyed driving around on that
01:35  cheap gas while it laugh as the old saying goes what
01:39  goes up. Must come down or in this case gas prices
01:42  that have gone down we'll eventually start. Back up again federal
01:47  officials are expecting demand to pick up in 2015. Particularly in
01:52  the Middle East and China but there is a silver lining.
01:56  Now the good news for consumers. Is the cars here in
01:59  the United States are more fuel efficient than they've ever been
02:02  that means your typical late model car you would feel prices
02:04  go up. We'll be more fuel efficient than the same late
02:07  model car maybe five years.
Rachel Schupack of Philadelphia pumps gas at a Wawa in Glen Mills, Pa.
(Photo: Eileen Blass, USA TODAY)
7622 CONNECT 117 TWEET 14 LINKEDIN 75 COMMENTEMAILMORE
How low are gas prices going? So low that "gas wars," a term not heard in many places since the early 1970s, are breaking out.
With gasoline prices crashing, stations are scrambling to stay ahead of each other when it comes to price cuts. It's a boon to consumers who have long griped about sky-high gas prices.
When a new station in Oklahoma City just priced its gas at $1.99 a gallon, a rival down the street cut the price by a penny — to $1.98 a gallon. It had to, reports Bloomberg News: At $1.99, cars were lined up in droves at the OnCue station on Shields Boulevard.
Bloomberg cites GasBiuddy.com as crediting OnCue with becoming one of the  first stations in the country to cut the price below $2 a gallon since oil prices started to plunge recently. The gas war is reminiscent  of the 1960s and 1970s when stations routinely vied to offer the cheapest gas, knowing their big price signs out front were sure to bring in customers. They also wooed motorists with gifts and gimmicks, like trading stamps or dinnerware.
Lower gas prices could spark similar price battles around the country. The average price of a gallon of regular gas Wednesday was $2.746, down more than 50 cents from a year ago, according to AAA's Fuel Gauge Report . In the oil-producing state of Oklahoma, it was even cheaper: an average of $2.532 a gallon.
As much as the OnCue station in "OK City" wanted to make an impact, it didn't last long. Bloomberg reports that in the evening, a station in the suburb of Moore beat them all with gas at $1.95 a gallon.
The wars are sure to continue.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1CHIxSF
USA NOW
Suspected family murderer has been found dead | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

Sony employees receive email threat claiming to be from hackersDec 06, 2014 at 12:16pm IST
Sony employees receive email threat claiming to be from hackers
21
0
Los Angeles: Employees at Sony Pictures Entertainment received threatening emails on Friday that claimed to be from the group that carried out a massive cyber attack at the Hollywood film studio.
The email said it came from GOP, the shorthand for "Guardians of Peace," the group that claimed responsibility for the hacking of Sony that began November 24, a Sony spokesman said.
The attack crippled the studio's computer network and exposed sensitive data. The identity of the Sony hackers has not been determined, and it was not clear if the emails came from the same group.
The email said it came from GOP, the shorthand for "Guardians of Peace," the group that claimed responsibility for the hacking of Sony.
#sony pictures #hackers #north korea
Sony, a unit of Sony Corp, did not provide a copy of the email or detail its contents.
The FBI, one of the US government agencies probing the hacking, "is aware of threatening emails that have been received by some employees at Sony Pictures Entertainment," FBI spokesman Joshua Campbell said in a statement.
"We continue to investigate this matter in order to identify the person or group responsible," he said.
The emails could be from copycats purporting to be the hackers who had obtained the addresses of Sony employees from the gigabytes of data leaked over the Internet, said Marc Maiffret, chief technology officer of cybersecurity firm BeyondTrust. "Anybody could have written this," said Maiffret. "You are going to have a lot of people leveraging the stolen data that is available online for harassment and fraud. "The emails could mark the first high-profile follow-on attempt to harass the company by other parties. Fraudsters are likely to use other stolen data including Social Security numbers, salaries, mailing addresses and proprietary information about the company's operations to attempt to engage in a wide variety of scams for a long time, he added.
Sony has hired security firm FireEye and its Mandiant forensics unit to investigate the hacking.
North Korea is a principal suspect in the attack, a US national security source told Reuters on Thursday. A North Korean diplomat denied that Pyongyang was behind the hack.
North Korea had vehemently denounced Sony film The Interview, a comedy about a plot to assassinate North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, scheduled for release on December 25.
1

Ponting: Australia face biggest mental battle in first testFormer Australian captain Ricky Ponting (file photo)
MELBOURNE, Dec 6:  
An Australia team still mourning the tragic death of Phillip Hughes face the biggest mental battle of their careers in playing the first test against India next week, according to former captain Ricky Ponting.
Australia host the first match of the four-test series in Adelaide from Tuesday, less than a week after batsman Hughes's funeral, and Ponting said the collective loss of their team mate would far outweigh any personal tragedies players had previously brought into a game.
"None of the things that have happened before compare to what the players are dealing with after Phillip's death," Ponting wrote in a column in The Australian newspaper.
"We are in uncharted waters and the boys are going to have to dig deeper than they ever have.
"This will be the biggest mental battle any of them will have encountered, but I have faith they can pull it off.
"In a perfect world I want to see the team come together and go out there as one, but I understand that some might find it impossible. For cricket's sake, I hope that they can all do it."
Ponting, who retired in 2012 after 168 tests, spoke of playing with a heavy heart after deaths in his own family and said cricket at the highest level was "a job that has to be done no matter what's going on in your life".
"Like everyone in the community, cricketers have to show up at work and suck it up when things are rough," he added.
"Your wife or kids can be sick, there might be trouble at home, but too often this can happen when you are on the road and there's not even the chance to drop in at the end of the day and sort out the mess."
Hughes died from a severe head injury after being struck by a short-pitched ball, prompting debate about whether "bouncers" should be banned or further limited.
Former Australia fast bowler Merv Hughes said players should send in a short ball first thing in the Adelaide test and Ponting agreed.
"I would love to see a bouncer bowled as the first ball in Adelaide on Tuesday," he said. "It would clear the air, announce that the game is on, and if that's done I think it might have a healing effect on everybody. Or at least start the healing."
(This article was published on December 6, 2014)
Related

Attack on Army camp: Food packets with Pakistan markings foundNobel laureate Malala Yousafzai 'heartbroken' by Pak school attack
Army said the food packets recovered from the six slain militants, involved in the daring attack on the Uri camp, bore marks of the Pakistani establishment.
“The food packets, which were recovered from the encounter site, are generally used by Pakistan Army,” a senior army officer here said.
The officer said the recovery of food packets along with the arms and ammunition showed that the militants were planning to engage the security forces for a long time.
The encounter between the Army and the group of militants lasted just over six hours and left 11 security personnel including eight army soldiers dead. All the six militants were also killed.
Among the other recoveries effected from the scene of the deadly encounter were six AK rifles with 55 magazines, two shotguns, two night vision binoculars, four radio sets, 32 unused grenades and one medical kit.
TAGS: AK Rifles Pakistan
More from miscellaneous

Narendra Modi believes in concentrating powersNobel laureate Malala Yousafzai 'heartbroken' by Pak school attack
Rahul Gandhi targetted Prime Minister Narendra Modi saying he believes only in “marketing” and “symbolism” and concentrating all power in his hands in the belief that he can run the country alone.
Accusing the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government of treating democratic processes as “useless”, the Congress Vice President said “Today (Leader of Congress in Lok Sabha) Mallikarjun Khargeji was speaking but the microphone was switched off.”
“We never did this kind of thing. Their thinking is that the democratic process is useless and not required. They cannot say it outside but this is their thinking,” Gandhi said.
Adressing an alumni meet of Youth Congress, Rahul charged Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) does not believe in democracy and on the contrary when there was UPA government at the Centre, leaders of opposition parties always got a chance to speak in parliament.
He also referred to the protest led by him in Parliament over the controversial remarks of union minister Niranjan Jyoti amid a stalemate between the government and the opposition on the issue.
He said while the programmes of United Progressive Alliance (UPA) were eaimed at giving power to the people at large, those of National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government “snatch power from people”.
“This is the difference. The Prime Minister feels that he alone can run the country. He deeply believes in this. And this can never work. Only people of this country will run it…His thinking is of symbolism. Say anything, market it and then start saying the next thing. People will react to it,” Gandhi said as he also sought to pick holes in the Prime Minister’s Sansad Gram Yojana scheme.
In the backdrop of Congress’ defeat in a series of electoral battles, Rahul Gandhi admitted the party has “gone a bit away from people (Congress party janta se thodi door hui hai).”
“We have to change this in coming one of two year and connect the party with people and open its door for them,” he said as he made a strong pitch for a bigger political role of youths in Congress saying his job is to get Youth Congress leaders into the parent party.
The party launches special pages for the event on Facebok and Twitter. One of the tweets on its page quoted Gandhi as saying that the Prime Minister wants “all power in his hands”.
Calling the Youth Congress leaders as “testimony of the party youth wing’s struggle, Gandhi said “my job is to get Youth Congress leaders into the parent Congress…People say that once they are out of Youth Congress, they do not get a place in the party organization “…It is my job to rectify it. There has to be a coordination between Youth Congress and Congress”.
He said there is a need to bring people from Youth Congress across the time span together.
“My effort will be to ensure that even those who were once in Youth Congress should feel that they are going to have a place in the parent organization…our party is the party of Hindustan. It is not the party of any religion or region or any community,” Gandhi said.
He urged the Youth Congress leaders to hit the streets and give a voice to the reaction by people to various steps being taken by the government including change in the wage component of MNREGA.
“Those whose jobs are being taken away will react. You will have to take this reaction forward and this will not happen with speeches. You will have to hit the streets,” he said.
Party seniors Anand Sharma, Mukul Wasnik, Ramesh Chennithala, Manish Tewari, Randeep Surjewala and Ashok Tanwar attended the event along with other seniors like Oscar Fernandes and Ashok Gehlot who had been the in-charge of Youth Congress at some point.
Besides, some former and serving chief ministers, who had served as Youth Congress chiefs in their states, were also there.
TAGS: Narendra Modi Rahul Gandhi
More from miscellaneous
AAP comes out with a song to boost its campaign Aam Aadmi Party has come up with a song which is being played at all the rallies and meetings addressed by party chief Arvind Kejriwal and other leaders.

So close  yet so far: Profits remain elusive for Ssangyong as sales slideDefence helps build Tatas’ war chest
Only a year ago, at the fag end of CY13, Ssangyong seemed close to booking its first full-year profit as a Mahindra & Mahindra (M&M) subsidiary. It posted its highest-ever sales in the domestic market since its 2005 debut, amid a surge in overseas volumes. From a Rs 502.4-crore loss in cy12, it had significantly cut losses to Rs 12.8 crore.
With the turn of the year, however, the South Korean company seems to have lost steam. Its plans to return to profitability in CY14 received a setback due to flagging sales, owing to the appreciating currency in the home country. Ssangyong now hopes sales to revive with the introduction of its next-generation X100 sports utility vehicle (SUV) early next year.
The company started the year with a Rs 62-crore profit in Q1CY14; however, with a decline in sales, it closed the next two quarters with losses of Rs 169.7 crore and Rs 91.7 crore, respectively.
Unlike peers Jaguar Land Rover or Hyundai, Ssangyong lacks a strong, successful product lineup and a presence in key global markets, especially China, Russia and India. Since its 2010 acquisition by M&M, the company has been scaling up R&D spend every year to come up with new products. In the first six months of the current calendar year, its accumulated R&D spend has crossed more than half its annual R&D spend a year ago. In CY13, Ssangyong’s R&D spend touched a five-year high of Rs 824 crore, up from Rs 622.5 crore in CY12 and Rs 520 crore in CY11.
“Ssangyong is missing out on China, India, Russia and other emerging markets from where it can build volumes. In China, where the market is booming, Jaguar Land Rover sells 30% of its total volumes while Ssangyong is tapping under 10% volumes,” said Puneet Gupta, associate director, IHS Automotive.
“The carmaker needs to be a leader in at least one or two models and build on its technology and brand, where it currently lags. The new crossover is expected to help deliver volumes and apart from other markets it is expected to be launched in India too,” he said.
In 2009, a year before the acquisition, Ssangyong sold 60,000 vehicles, with volumes going up to 1.4 lakh units in CY13. According to IHS Automotive estimates, Ssangyong will sell 1.25 lakh units in CY14, which is comparable to its CY07 volumes. “Ssangyong had a setback on account of an appreciating currency leading to slide in exports,” said Pramod Amthe, auto analyst, CIMB.
“New products will start rolling out CY15 onwards, the rub-off effect of which will reflect in CY16,” he said.
Ssangyong’s current lineup has six models, including the Rexton. The carmaker is expected to launch the Tivoli or the new SUV in early 2015.
M&M did not answer questions sent to the company.
Full throttle, little acceleration
* The company’s plans to return to profitability in CY14 received a setback due to flagging sales, owing to the appreciating currency in South Korea
* Ssangyong started the year with a R62-crore profit in Q1CY14; however, with a decline in sales, it closed the next two quarters with losses of R169.7 crore and R91.7 crore, respectively
* Unlike peers Jaguar Land Rover or Hyundai, Ssangyong lacks a strong, successful product lineup and a presence in key global markets, especially China, Russia and India
* In CY13, Ssangyong’s R&D spend touched a five-year high of R824 crore, up from R622.5 crore in CY12 and R520 crore in CY11
More from companies

Age-old work tradition under threat in PakistanAge-old craft under threat in Pakistan
Recommend
Link
12 days ago, Reuters Videos
The age-old craft of wool-filled comforters in Pakistan is steadily fading out because of the growing popularity of synthetic quilts and coverlets. Katie Sargent reports.
More on Reuters Videos:
ET NOW - 16 hours ago
LATEST ET NOW VIDEOS
Terms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

Terrorists tried to attack Indian democracy: PM Narendra ModiNobel laureate Malala Yousafzai 'heartbroken' by Pak school attack
Strongly condemning yesterday’s terror strikes in Kashmir, Prime Minister Narendra Modi called them it a “shameful” attempt to attack Indian democracy.
Without naming Pakistan, Modi told an election meeting here, “Yesterday in Kashmir, terrorists made a shameful attempt to attack the democracy of India. But the brave jawans sacrificed their lives protecting the country’s security.”
He hailed the army personnel who made the supreme sacrifice with their lives to protect the country’s security and the nation would never forget them.
“I pay my tributes to Jharkhandâ€™s brave son Sankalp Kumar Shukla and other brave jawans who sacrificed their lives. Sankalp Kumar Shuklaâ€™s martyrdom will be remembered by future generations in the state,” he said.
Lt Col Sankalp Kumar of Punjab Regiment was among the eight army men and three policemen killed in Mohra army camp in Uri sector by a group of six militants, believed to have come from across the border.
The attacks by Pakistan yesterday came just three days after a 72 per cent voter turnout was registered in the second phase of incident-free Assembly elections in Jammu and Kashmir on Tuesday in a rerun of record polling in the first phase.
The attacks and gun battles with security forces left in all 21 people dead. Among them was a top commander of Pakistan-based terror outfit LeT and seven militants.
TAGS: Jammu And Kashmir Narendra Modi
More from miscellaneous

PIL challenges Shiv Sena move to join BJP govtNobel laureate Malala Yousafzai 'heartbroken' by Pak school attack
A day when Shiv Sena formally joined the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Government in Maharashtra, a Public Interest Litigation (PIL) was filed in the Bombay High Court challenging the saffron party’s “illegal” move.
Shiv Sena, which until was main Opposition party in Maharashtra Assembly, became part of the BJP- led Government in the State. Ten Sena legislators joined the Council of Ministers headed by Devendra Fadnavis.
The Sena’s move was against the House rules as members of an Opposition party cannot switch over to the treasury benches at least for six months after a trust vote is won, contended the Public Interest Litigation (PIL), filed by activist Ketan Tirodkar.
The Public Interest Litigation (PIL) was mentioned by the petitioner before a Bench headed by Chief Justice Mohit Shah, who decided to hear it on December 8.
The Public Interest Litigation (PIL) prayed Assembly Speaker Haribhau Bagde and Chief Minister Fadnavis be directed to frame rules to prevent Sena MLA Eknath Shinde, Leader of Opposition till yesterday, from taking up Ministerial post for a period of six months.
The petition also sought a direction from the court to the respondents to bar the Opposition members from joining the ruling benches for a period of six months.
Last month, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Government won confidence motion by a voice vote in the Assembly. At that time Shinde was Leader of Opposition. The Sena has now joined the Government. This step was “not legal”, the petitioner contended.
Once a trust motion was passed in the Assembly, the Government was not required to prove its majority again for a period of six months, according to rules. Hence, a no-trust motion cannot be brought within six months from the date of earlier motion (November 12), said the petition.
The Public Interest Litigation (PIL) said the ruling party cannot be unseated within the next six months. Similarly, an Opposition party can’t change its status within the same period and switch over to the treasury benches, and that too for the sake of Cabinet berths.
Meanwhile, a single Bench of the High Court declined to hear another petition, also filed by Tirodkar, challenging the Assembly Speaker’s decision to go in for a voice vote instead of a division of votes (head count) during the trust motion.
“Not before me”, said Justice Vijaya Tahilramani. The petition would now come up for hearing on December 8 before the Bench headed by Chief Justice Shah.
TAGS: Bharatiya Janata Party Devendra Fadnavis PIL Shiv Sena
More from miscellaneous
AAP comes out with a song to boost its campaign Aam Aadmi Party has come up with a song which is being played at all the rallies and meetings addressed by party chief Arvind Kejriwal and other leaders.

12 smartphone brands violate privacy rulesJindal Power moves SC, says being ‘doubly punished’, can’t pay fine
Taiwan has identified 12 smartphone brands that do not conform with its privacy standards, and the handsets makers could face fines or even an outright ban unless they address these breaches, an official at the telecoms regulator said on Friday.
Taiwan’s government began to review privacy standards two months ago after media reports said smartphones made by Chinese firm Xiaomi Technology Co Ltd could be sending user data to its home servers in mainland China without users’ permission.
Hsiao-Cheng Yu, vice chairman of Taiwan’s National Communications Commision (NCC), did not name any of the 12 brands, but said the investigation found that some of these smartphones could allow their manufacturers to collect users’ data without their permission.
Others contained “imperfections” which do not conform with the law, Yu said, without elaborating.
The NCC’s findings will be released within weeks, he added.
Smartphones from Apple Inc, Samsung Electronics Co Ltd and HTC Corp were among the top 5 bestselling handsets in Taiwan during the third-quarter, according to industry data firm IDC. Xiaomi also said its phones are also among the 12 most popular in Taiwan.
Yu said the government would ask the offending brands to modify their handsets. If they refuse, the NCC could fine the companies up to T$200 million ($6.43 million) or ban their handsets from being sold in Taiwan.
The Taiwanese probe underscores global concerns about data security and the scrutiny Chinese tech firms are subject to as governments become increasingly wary of potential cyber security threats from the world’s second-largest economy.
Asked about the Taiwan probe, Xiaomi said its devices “never actively send any private user information without the users’ approval.”
Taiwan-based HTC said it was working with the Taiwanese regulators to improve compliance with the required security standards.
Samsung had no immediate comment on the findings, while Apple did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
TAGS: National Communications Commision
More from industry

New job search app  nspHire  takes a leaf out of Tinder  mixes it with LinkedInJindal Power moves SC, says being ‘doubly punished’, can’t pay fine
The success of blind dating app Tinder seems to be spawning more swipe through app ideas. The latest to have caught our eye is “job and job seeker discovery application” nspHire. Incidentally, the app has been developed by a Kochi-based firm though it belongs to a Chicago-based startup.
In an email interaction, CEO Dan Mullaney said the idea of “Tinder-esque app for job search” came about when he was working on his earlier MBA Project Search startup. “We sourced thousands of MBA candidates for recruiters and employers. But the process was extremely time-consuming. Part of the process that slowed us down significantly was the simple task of resume scanning: opening a resume, looking at the high-level criteria, and making a decision to take a finer look or to move on. Then, if you decided a candidate was a good fit, you’d have to reach out to that person, trade e-mails back and forth, make phone calls, possibly only to realise that there was something you missed, and perhaps that candidate wasn’t the right fit at all. We were good at what we did, but the process could be time consuming and demoralizing,” he said.
Learning from this, the nspHire app uses the LinkedIn API to allow candidates to quickly create a profile page with work history, education and skills while employers get to post jobs. Both employers and job seekers use left swipes to pass or right swipes to indicate interest.  If both candidate and employer swipe each other right, they’re a mutual match and can chat in app.  “The app is totally free for job seekers.  Employers can post for free, search resumes listings for free, and swipe resumes listings for free.  We charge employers $.99 to unlock the chat window to message with a mutual match,” says Mullaney.
Mullaney had worked with the Kochi developer for one of his earlier ventures called HiredMD. “In fact, I didn’t consider anyone else.  And, my experience with them on nspHire was very much the same.  They helped evolve the idea, added valuable input from design to build-out,” he says adding that the project was completeed in about six months.   I trust that these guys will deliver on anything that they promise and, in deed, do more than expected.  Total development time was roughly 6 months.  And, as far as selection on first project, we decided to go with them based on trust developed during several conversations and the subsequent thorough project plan.  I was very impressed with their emphasis on project management and attention to detail as evidenced by their proposal and project scope.
The nspHire app, which is now available for iOS and Android, has privacy settings to allow for anonymous searching and job seekers can hide picture, name and other details. Employers have similar, but slightly different privacy features.  “We launched the iOS version in November and we are starting to on-board users from our previous job platform, MBA Project Search,” says Mullaney, adding that his earlier venture was one of the largest MBA freelance communities with consultants from across the globe. This means the apps has a headstart of over 20,000 potential users, of which around 2,000 are recruiters in spread over the globe including India. The app has got over 5,000 downloads so far.
Mullaney quotes a recent study to highlight that most recruiters look at a resume for six seconds before making a decision about the candidate and this is why first impressions are important. “The key criteria they scan include name, current and past employers with from-to dates, and education. We realized through looking at the Tinder UI that it works very well for a quick resume scan. We reduced the resume to a couple of lines that include these key criteria. If the recruiter doesn’t think the candidate is a fit based on these items, they simply swipe left. If they like what they see but need more information, they expand the listing to get a complete experience vantage,” he explains. “After that, if the candidate still seems favorable, they simply swipe the listing right. If the candidate likes the job too, they can chat right in the app. No more trading e-mails and setting up phone calls.”
Mullaney says they are striving to provide a new business model in the job search space. “We think you should only pay if you’ve identified someone you’re interested in for the job and they’re also interested in you. There is absolutely no upfront cost, and that’s the way it should be. In our model, a recruiter/employer only pays to chat with mutual matches. The candidate indicated interested and you did too. No cost to post. No cost to match. You only pay to unlock the chat window, at a mere dollar to do so. If our technology does a good job, we get paid; if it doesn’t, we don’t,” he adds.
TAGS: LinkedIn Tinder
More from industry

Elements in Pakistan supporting terror attacks  says Anand SharmaHostage calls up Radio presenter from Sydney's Lindt cafe
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Terrorists tried to attack Indian democracy  but jawans laid down their lives for the nation: PMPress Trust of India | Dec 06, 2014 at  06:31pm IST
Hazaribagh: A day after terror strikes rocked the Kashmir Valley, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday said terrorists tried to attack Indian democracy but brave jawans sacrificed their lives protecting the country's security.
The Prime Minister also paid tributes to martyrs who laid down their lives while fighting militants.
"Terrorists tried to attack the democracy of India. But the brave jawans scarified their lives protecting the country's security," he told an election rally.
The Prime Minister paid tributes to martyrs who laid down their lives while fighting militants.
"I pay my tributes to Jharkhand's brave son Sankalp Kumar Shukla and other brave jawans who scarified their lives. Sankalp Kumar Shukla's martyrdom will be remembered by future generations in the state," he said.
Kashmir Valley was yesterday rocked by four attacks by militants from across the border, who stormed an army camp in Uri leaving 11 security personnel including Lt Colonel Sankalp Kumar dead and killed two civilians in Tral.
The attacks and gun battles with security forces left in all 21 people dead. Among them was a top commander of Pakistan-based terror outfit LeT and seven militants.
Modi, who will be holding a rally in Srinagar city on Monday, had condemned the terror attacks as "desperate attempts" to derail the atmosphere of hope created by the increased voter turnout and saluted the soldiers who laid down their lives for the nation.
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

Mics of opposition members turned off deliberately in Lok Sabha  alleges CongressDec 06, 2014 at  01:56pm IST
Mics of opposition members turned off deliberately in Lok Sabha, alleges Congress
21
0
New Delhi: The government and opposition parties were at loggerheads in Parliament this week over the controversial statement by Minister of State Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti and the persistent demand for her resignation.
The war of words escalated between the two sides with Congress Lok Sabha MP Mallikarjun Kharge alleging that the microphones of the opposition members were being switched off deliberately. He said the government was conspiring to silence the opposition.
"When we try to put forth the issues before the House, the mic turns off. This shows that there is little time to know our view. I don't wish to talk much about it, there could be mechanical defect," Kharge said.
Kharge also alleged that Lok Sabha Speaker Sumitra Mahajan was acting in a biased manner.
#parliament #winter session #lok sabha #government
He also alleged that Lok Sabha Speaker Sumitra Mahajan was acting in a biased manner. "We said that you (Speaker) cannot come under the pressure of the government," he said.
However, Union Minister Rajiv Pratap Rudy denied that the microphones were being switched off in the House, saying the charges were "improper and impolite".
"She (Speaker) cares equally for all the members in the House. This allegation is improper rather impolite," Rudy said.
Reiterating the government's stand that Jyoti would continue as a minister in the Union Cabinet, he said that the matter should be put to rest.
(With additional information from PTI)
6

CJI tells Lok Adalats to settle at least 10 lakh cases this yrCJI tells Lok Adalats to settle at least 10 lakh cases this yr
PTI
Tweet
Hyderabad, Dec 6:  
The Chief Justice of India H L Dattu hoped that the National Lok Adalats being held across the country today will help settle not less than 10 lakh cases.
Inaugurating the event at the High Court of Judicature at Hyderabad for the state of Telangana and Andhra Pradesh, the CJI advised the presiding officers of Lok Adalats at all levels to not exert pressure on parties to come to a settlement.
“Last year we succeeded in our attempt. We crossed ten lakh cases throughout the country. Even this year, we have this big target to cross not less than ten lakh as we have done last year. At the end of the day, I will have the necessary figures with me and I will certainly say my friends have done a good job and this time it requires some more effort,” the Chief Justice said.
He stressed that parties who come for settling their disputes should go with a ‘smile on their face’.
“What I see in the Lok Adalats is a little bit of pressure on the litigants. In my view, the persons handling these matters should leave it to the parties concerned and allow them to settle that dispute between themselves amicably. Because from some quarters, we hear often that this statement that I (the party) was pressurised to sign certain documents. In my humble opinion, that should not be done. We are not here to put pressure on the parties to settle a dispute. Their dispute requires to be settled most amicably between the parties. And when they go back, they go back with a smile and they should thank the people who presided over the matter,” he added.
Kalyan Jyoti Sengupta, Chief Justice of the High Court of Judicature at Hyderabad, said over 80,000 and 91,000 cases are placed before the Lok Adalats in Andhra Pradesh and Telangana States respectively.
A section of advocates held placards requesting the CJI to establish a separate High Court for Andhra Pradesh.
(This article was published on December 6, 2014)
Related

India arrests terrorist accused in suspected plot to kill Bangladesh PMIndia arrests terrorist accused in suspected plot to kill Bangladesh PM
Reuters
Tweet
Guwahati, Dec 6:  
Indian police have arrested a key suspect behind a blast in the state of West Bengal who is also believed to have been involved in a plot to assassinate Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina of Bangladesh and stage a coup there.
Shahnoor Alam , who was arrested in a village in the northeastern state of Assam on Friday night, is an operative of a banned Bangladeshi group active in eastern India, a senior intelligence officer said on Saturday.
“Based on specific intelligence, he was caught last night hiding in his relative's house in a village in Nalbari district,” the officer, who did not wish to be identified as he is not authorised to speak to the media, told Reuters.
Indian security officials uncovered the plot against Hasina in October after two members of the Jamaat-ul-Mujahideen Bangladesh were killed in an explosion while building homemade bombs in Burdwan, in West Bengal, which borders Bangladesh.
Shahnoor Alam had been on the run since Oct. 2.
The Assam Police and the National Investigation Agency (NIA) have taken him into custody and he will appear in court in Guwahati – Assam’s main city - on Saturday afternoon, the police said.
Alom's 36-year-old wife, also a suspect slapped with similar charges, was arrested in Guwahati on November 8.
Jamaat-ul-Mujahideen was thought to have been lying low since authorities cracked down on it after it detonated nearly 500 bombs almost simultaneously on one day in 2005 across Bangladesh, including in the capital, Dhaka.
Mainly Muslim, Bangladesh has suffered three major army coups and two dozen smaller rebellions since gaining independence from Pakistan in 1971 in a war that killed and displaced millions.
(This article was published on December 6, 2014)
Related

Australia seems to beat US as India s prefered country for migrationAustralia
(About 123,400 applied to…)
MELBOURNE: Indians have topped the list of new migrants in Australia with over 40,000 applying to migrate during 2012-13, according to a new report.
The statistics from the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development show there has been 46.6 per cent increase in the number of people becoming Australian citizens.
About 123,400 applied to become Australian citizens in 2012-13, the highest number since 2011-12, the International Migration Outlook report said.
Australia's Migration Programme has also seen a significant increase, with 40,100 India citizens applying to migrate during 2012-13, while China had 27,300 applications and the UK had 21,700, the Melbourne Age reported.
"There is a growing trend of Indian and Chinese citizens seeking citizenship in Australia for greater global movement," migration Law expert Sharon Harris said.
"India and China is without any doubt the most prolific source countries for pursuing visas and ultimately citizenship," she said
With an Australia passport, this opens up greater travel access globally.
Harris further said that the change in governments was particularly popular with Chinese citizens, who were attracted to the Abbott government.
"With the change of government they have more confidence in a stable political environment," Harris said.
The report further disclosed that 62,700 people whose temporary visas had expired or had been cancelled were living illegally in Australia.
FEATURED ARTICLES

An initiative to provide better skill development coursesDec 06, 2014, 02.48 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
An initiative to provide better skill development courses
At CNBC-TV18 Inclusive India Awards, Power Minister Piyush Goyal said the government has been taking initiative to provide better skill development programmes for the masses. For this it is planning to engage more with private sector and take up the role of a facilitator.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
An initiative to provide better skill development courses
At CNBC-TV18 Inclusive India Awards, Power Minister Piyush Goyal said the government has been taking initiative to provide better skill development programmes for the masses. For this it is planning to engage more with private sector and take up the role of a facilitator.
Post your opinion here
09:00 pm
The Indian economy is poised to see a turnaround but will the growth recovery trickle down to benefit the poor?
At CNBC-TV18 Inclusive India Awards, Power Minister Piyush Goyal said the government has been taking initiative to provide better skill development programmes for the masses. For this it is planning to engage more with private sector and take up the role of a facilitator.
Speaking at the event, Chanda Kochhar MD & CEO, ICICI Bank , said than in less than 10 months, the bank has set up nine centres all over India, which provide courses on basic skills for those who want to become repair persons for air conditioners, electrical work, even basic selling, office administration skills.
“By the time this financial year ends we are actually going to be training about 10000 people. In that sense for the first year it is a good number. However, this is just the beginning. The requirement for the country is so huge and our experience has been so good that it gives us the confidence to kind of scale it up even more,” she said.
Even when I talk of experience I am not just talking of numbers, I am saying the experience has been so good in the form or in the manner that industries have participated with us to provide the training material and the content.
Below is the transcript of the interview
Q: On skill development initiative...
Goyal: Our Prime Minister takes decisions and implements them on a fast-tracked basis. I used to feel sad, in fact on many programmes including yours, probably I have talked in the past about how the past government would give Rs 1000 crore for skilling and at the end of the year revert that back saying it is not required. It happened for two years in a row.
A very distinguished person such as Ramadorai gave his time, took the initiative to become the chief of the National Skill Development Corporation, it took them two years to get a place for him to sit in. I remember meeting him in his office in Mumbai because he had no place to work out of Delhi. This government has in the first instance removed the skill component of different ministries and centred it around a separate ministry and given a very seasoned leader Rajiv Pratap Rudy. He is a very seasoned and experienced minister who has been given this important task to reflect our concern and our seriousness in this ministry.
Secondly, the fact that this time around we are planning it to scale not necessarily through government intervention alone. A government can plan to include a million people but the country needs far more and expectations, aspirations are far deeper. So, we are planning to engage more with the private sector, take it up as a role of a facilitator. In fact I was just discussing with Chanda Kochhar before we came up if we could partner with ICICI Bank’s initiative and I can see for myself that the power sector alone is going to need a million people for my renewable energy initiative, for the transmission and distribution initiative that we are taking. I was telling her let's look at scale, how can we get large numbers of professionals trained in the energy sector.
Q: Have you taken the minister up on his offer? Are you going to be supplying him the kind of people that he needs and skilling them for him as well?
Kochhar: That is what we have been doing. We set up this initiative just about a year ago or less than that. In less than 10 months or so we have set up nine centres all over India. We believe we are setting up so many centres because it is important to go closer to where the people are rather than expecting them to come at the central level.
Skills that we talked about here as you saw are very basic. People who want to become repair people for air conditioners, electrical work, even basic selling skills, office administration skills. By the time this financial year ends we are actually going to be training about 10000 people. In that sense for the first year it is a good number. However, as Piyush Goyal said, this is just the beginning. The requirement for the country is so huge and our experience has been so good that it gives us the confidence to kind of scale it up even more.
Even when I talk of experience I am not just talking of numbers, I am saying the experience has been so good in the form or in the manner that industries have participated with us to provide the training material and the content.
SMEs and a lot of other service and manufacturing industries are actually tying up with us to pick up those people. Youth is excited. Out of the 10000 people more than 30 percent are young girls and all of them have found placements.
RELATED NEWS

Uttarakhand: Bomb explodes outside school in Roorkee  1 deadmore »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Mumbai: Fire breaks out at Chitra studio in Powai  no casualties so farmore »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Gold prices plunge by Rs 195 on weak global cuesHi Guest
Gold prices plunge by Rs 195 on weak global cues
Gold prices plummeted by Rs 195 to Rs 26,675 per 10 grams at the bullion market in the national capital on Saturday due to a weakening trend overseas. Slackened demand from jewellers and retailers at current levels also kept pressure on prices of the precious metal. Silver followed suit and ended lower by Rs 200 to Rs 36,700 per kg on lack of buying support from industrial units and coin makers. Bullion traders attributed the fall in gold prices to a weakening global trend after the US added ...

SAIL Stake Sale Fetches  1 715 CroreSAIL Stake Sale Fetches  1 715 Crore
Errant cop taken into custodyErrant cop taken into custody
United Progressive AllianceCan oil fall all the way to $40?
Dec 01, 2014 at 08:27 | Source: CNBC
"There is a possibility that if this price war becomes unmanageable, [we could] see prices down to about $40 a barrel [for WTI]," Jonathan Barratt, chief investment officer of Ayers Alliance Securities, told CNBC.
Big takeaways from India-US trade talk
Nov 25, 2014 at 21:53 | Source: CNBC-TV18
The biggest takeaway is that India and United States (US) have decided to reengage on trade related issues. 20 video conferences scheduled over the next one year on issues ranging from investments to IPR to services to tariffs. On totalisation agreement, according to sources, there has been good progress.
IPR issue vital for India, US & pharma space: Sanjay Puri
Sep 29, 2014 at 22:28 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Prime Minister will meet US President Barack Obama later today as he heads for the Washington leg of his visit. Will he talk tough on visas and IPR? Sanjay Puri who heads the alliance for United States and India business shared his expectations.
US business enquires PM's reform credentials ahead of visit
Sep 26, 2014 at 08:51 | Source: IBNLive.com
"Since taking office, Prime Minister Modi has declared India 'open for business' and promised to incentivize investment and 'give the world a favorable opportunity to trade with and produce in India,'" the Alliance for Fair Trade with India said in a letter to Obama.
Alliance not at cost of self-respect, says BJP president
Sep 18, 2014 at 14:50 | Source: PTI
Shah said the 'Mahayuti' (grand alliance) needs to stand strong and united to overthrow the 15-year-old Congress-NCP government in Maharashtra, in the upcoming assembly elections.
Modi's speech to be beamed live at New York's Times Square
Sep 16, 2014 at 12:43 | Source: PTI
Modi is scheduled to address a 20,000 packed crowd inside the Madison Square Garden for which nearly 40,000 people had applied from across the nation. The live telecast of the speech is expected to help some of these people to listen to Modi's speech at the Times Square - another historic venue of the New York City.
Change India: How the country can turn into mfg hub
Aug 28, 2014 at 18:14 | Source: CNBC-TV18
There are already positive noises about this government kick starting manufacturing sector and boosting investment cycle. But the question still remains on what more needs to be done at this point in time to ensure that that dream and that target is finally realised.
Results of bypolls in 4 states to be declared today
Aug 25, 2014 at 08:18 | Source: IBNLive.com
These are the first assembly bypolls after the political realignment in Bihar. Ten assembly seats went to polls in the state after Rashtriya Janata Dal chief Lalu Prasad and Janata Dal United's Nitish Kumar stitched up an alliance to counter the Bharatiya Janata Party.
Ecoboard Industries: Outcome of board meeting
Aug 14, 2014 at 17:01 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Ecoboard Industries has board meeting held on August 14, 2014, has discussed status and the progress made on the project of establishing new particle board unit for manufacturing of 8 ft x 4 ft board at Velapur, Dist: Solapur adjoining to the existing 13.5 ft x 6 ft board size unit.
Govt has not paid fertiliser cos since Jan 2014: Union
Aug 12, 2014 at 13:32 | Source: CNBC-TV18
According to the fertilizer association, both the United Progressive Alliance (UPA) and the current National Democratic Alliance (NDA) made allocations in current account and therefore, it is unclear why the government is not paying the amount now
Can oil fall all the way to $40?
Dec 01, 2014 at 08:27 | Source: CNBC
"There is a possibility that if this price war becomes unmanageable, [we could] see prices down to about $40 a barrel [for WTI]," Jonathan Barratt, chief investment officer of Ayers Alliance Securities, told CNBC.
Big takeaways from India-US trade talk
Nov 25, 2014 at 21:53 | Source: CNBC-TV18
The biggest takeaway is that India and United States (US) have decided to reengage on trade related issues. 20 video conferences scheduled over the next one year on issues ranging from investments to IPR to services to tariffs. On totalisation agreement, according to sources, there has been good progress.
IPR issue vital for India, US & pharma space: Sanjay Puri
Sep 29, 2014 at 22:28 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Prime Minister will meet US President Barack Obama later today as he heads for the Washington leg of his visit. Will he talk tough on visas and IPR? Sanjay Puri who heads the alliance for United States and India business shared his expectations.
US business enquires PM's reform credentials ahead of visit
Sep 26, 2014 at 08:51 | Source: IBNLive.com
"Since taking office, Prime Minister Modi has declared India 'open for business' and promised to incentivize investment and 'give the world a favorable opportunity to trade with and produce in India,'" the Alliance for Fair Trade with India said in a letter to Obama.
Alliance not at cost of self-respect, says BJP president
Sep 18, 2014 at 14:50 | Source: PTI
Shah said the 'Mahayuti' (grand alliance) needs to stand strong and united to overthrow the 15-year-old Congress-NCP government in Maharashtra, in the upcoming assembly elections.
Modi's speech to be beamed live at New York's Times Square
Sep 16, 2014 at 12:43 | Source: PTI
Modi is scheduled to address a 20,000 packed crowd inside the Madison Square Garden for which nearly 40,000 people had applied from across the nation. The live telecast of the speech is expected to help some of these people to listen to Modi's speech at the Times Square - another historic venue of the New York City.
Change India: How the country can turn into mfg hub
Aug 28, 2014 at 18:14 | Source: CNBC-TV18
There are already positive noises about this government kick starting manufacturing sector and boosting investment cycle. But the question still remains on what more needs to be done at this point in time to ensure that that dream and that target is finally realised.
Results of bypolls in 4 states to be declared today
Aug 25, 2014 at 08:18 | Source: IBNLive.com
These are the first assembly bypolls after the political realignment in Bihar. Ten assembly seats went to polls in the state after Rashtriya Janata Dal chief Lalu Prasad and Janata Dal United's Nitish Kumar stitched up an alliance to counter the Bharatiya Janata Party.
Ecoboard Industries: Outcome of board meeting
Aug 14, 2014 at 17:01 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Ecoboard Industries has board meeting held on August 14, 2014, has discussed status and the progress made on the project of establishing new particle board unit for manufacturing of 8 ft x 4 ft board at Velapur, Dist: Solapur adjoining to the existing 13.5 ft x 6 ft board size unit.
Govt has not paid fertiliser cos since Jan 2014: Union
Aug 12, 2014 at 13:32 | Source: CNBC-TV18
According to the fertilizer association, both the United Progressive Alliance (UPA) and the current National Democratic Alliance (NDA) made allocations in current account and therefore, it is unclear why the government is not paying the amount now
Videos »

France  Germany suspend 25 drug approvals over GVK Bio s data qualityHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
France, Germany suspend 25 drug approvals over GVK Bio's data quality
Reuters
Tweet
FRANKFURT/LONDON/PARIS, Dec 6:  
Regulators in France, Germany, Belgium and Luxembourg are suspending the marketing approval of 25 generic drugs due to concerns over the quality of data from clinical trials conducted by India's GVK Biosciences, French watchdog ANSM said on Friday.
The quality of Indian pharmaceuticals has come under fire this year, with regulators in Europe and the US citing problems ranging from data manipulation to sanitation and banning the import of certain products from several firms.
"This decision is taken out of precaution. No element at this stage has led to establish a true risk for human health or a lack of efficacy of these drugs," ANSM said on its website.
All of the drugs being suspended, several of which are manufactured by Mylan Inc and Abbott, have brand name equivalents that can be used instead, so patients will not have to interrupt their treatment, it added.
ANSM and Germany's Federal Institute for Drugs and Medical Devices (BfArM) said they were investigating the drug approvals based on clinical trials meant to show that these generic drugs were equivalent to the original branded versions conducted by GVK between 2008 and 2014.
ANSM said it had alerted European authorities after it inspected GVK's site in Hyderabad, India, and found "anomalies" in the way electrocardiograms were monitored during the bioequivalence studies. It said the inspection raised serious concerns over whether the company's studies complied with good clinical practices.
The London-based European Medicines Agency (EMA) separately released a statement saying it would "issue a recommendation on whether the marketing authorisations of the concerned medicines should be maintained, varied, suspended or withdrawn across the EU". That recommendation is expected in January 2015.
The German watchdog said it was investigating 176 approvals given to 28 drugmakers. It did not name the drugs or companies affected and did not estimate how many approvals it would end up suspending.
BfArM said it was ordering drugmakers whose approvals were found to have been based on data from GVK trials to stop distributing the drugs concerned until they could provide data from new studies.
ANSM said several drugmakers — it did not identify them — had already offered to carry out new studies which, if positive, could allow the drugs on the market again.
GVK was not immediately available for comment.
In a statement posted on its website, it said the EMA's Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) had found that studies it conducted in Hyderabad were insufficient to support drug approvals.
"We at GVK BIO believe that the studies conducted are in accordance with the GCP (good clinical practice) guidelines while we honour the conclusion made by CHMP," it said in the statement, which was not dated.
It said it expected affected drugmakers would need to repeat the concerned studies in the next 12 to 15 months.
(This article was published on December 6, 2014)
Related

BJP hits out at Congress for doublespeakNobel laureate Malala Yousafzai 'heartbroken' by Pak school attack
Union Parliamentary Affairs Minister M Venkaiah Naidu attacked the Congress for its “ugly doublespeak” in Parliament over Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti’s remarks, alleging that the opposition party was working under pressure from ‘someone’ outside.
“The government rejects with contempt the ugly doublespeak and double-standards of Congress and its friends in Parliament. The Congress is unable to digest that it has been relegated to the Opposition benches. It desperately wants power. But it should understand the spirit of the (people’s) mandate and let Parliament function,” Naidu said.
He said the Congress was seeking to derive “vicarious satisfaction” by blocking the functioning of Parliament.
Castigating the Congress for casting aspersions on Lok Sabha Speaker Sumitra Mahajan, the Minister asserted that no external force worked on her.
“Comments on the Speaker are an assault on the Constitution and the parliamentary system. The Congress is insulting the institutions,” he said.
Referring to Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi’s claim that the government was stifling the Opposition’s voice, Naidu pointed to the party’s “amazing and dramatic” protest in Parliament yesterday and said, “you are muzzling your own voice.”
“Even in protest they are bringing down the standards,” he said mocking at the way the “silent” protest with black bands tied to the mouths was organized under Gandhi’s leadership.
“We don’t need ‘pravachans’ (preachings) from the Congress about how to conduct public discourse or maintain standards in public life. It was the Congress that degraded, devalued and demolished standards in public life. Even kids conduct themselves well,” Naidu remarked.
The veteran BJP leader asked the Congress to introspect why it lost power and why it continued to lose strength.
“A desperate Congress is indulging in desperate acts. It should understand the spirit of the mandate, come back to Parliament and fulfil its responsibilities. There is a very good agenda. Come, let’s discuss and work together for the welfare of people,” the Parliamentary Affairs Minister appealed.
TAGS: M Venkaiah Naidu Rahul Gandhi Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti
More from miscellaneous

GVK Bio grapples with a hit to reputationE Kumar Sharma      Follow @EKumarSharma    Last Updated: December 8, 2014  | 15:33 IST
Picture for representation purpose only. (Source: Reuters)
It has had a snow ball effect across 26 countries of Europe. Concerns raised by the French drug regulator ANSM - the French National Agency for Medicines and Health Products Safety - on the data generated by GVK Biosciences (GVK Bio) has caused a major hit to the reputation of the company that could have implications on the future viability of its generic drug testing business.
Technically, it is called the clinical pharmacology business. This is one of the six businesses of the Rs 700 crore company and contributes about 10 to 12 per cent of its total revenues.
"While we respect the decision of the regulatory authority and will re-do all the studies again, we are clearly disappointed by the outcome and do feel it raises questions on the future viability of this business," Manni Kantipudi, Chief Executive Officer of GVK Biosciences told Business Today.
Kantipudi points out that the company has been following the best practices for the last 10 years.
"We have provided detailed clarifications and third party findings (from doctors) but unfortunately the ANSM/CHMP (Committee for Medicinal products for Human use) has concluded that though the 'check-out' ECGs, which have no direct relevance to the quality of the testing of drugs, the fact that the same employees were involved in other critical activities, left an element of doubt on the bio-equivalence results," he says.
The "check-out" ECGs are electrocardiograms or tests to see the performance of the heart of the volunteers before they leave the facility after participating in studies.
Nevertheless, he says that "GVK will undertake again all the bioequivalence studies made between 2008 and 2014. These are some 110 to 115 and will involve an additional cost of around Rs 40 crore over the next 12 to 15 months."
This business, which has operations in Hyderabad and Ahmedabad, is hit and down to zero with concerns raised over the operations out of Hyderabad.
 
The French regulatory authority has on its website said the inspection revealed irregularities in documents associated with these trials although these documents are not essential to the demonstration of bioequivalence.
As a precaution, (it was decided to) suspend the marketing authorisation of 25 marketed generic drugs.
*The name of the company has been corrected in the long headline

Unfair to deny Congress LoP status in Maharashtra Assembly: Shiv SenaBy: Press Trust of India | Mumbai |
Posted: December 6, 2014 3:40 pm
Even as the Congress and NCP squabble over key posts in the Maharashtra Legislature after Shiv Sena leader Eknath Shinde resigned as the Leader of Opposition, Shiv Sena on Saturday said it would be unfair to deny LoP status to Congress.
Both Congress and the NCP are eyeing the post of Leader of Opposition and Council chairman in the state Assembly, after Shiv Sena decided to bury its differences with the BJP and became a part of the state government.
“As per laws, the party with the second largest number of MLAs can stake claim for LoP post in the Assembly. The question is not if 5 MLAs of Congress have been disqualified or not. But if you (NCP) use this disqualification as a tool to stake your claim for the LoP, it will be unfair to Congress,” the Sena said in an editorial in its mouthpiece ‘Saamana’.
Sena said that the NCP has been hammered to the fourth position in the state post the October Assembly elections, and hence the party should not interfere in politics anymore.
“This party (NCP) which provided outside support to the BJP to stay close to power is now eyeing the LoP’s post. Interfering in other’s matters is an old habit of the party, but they should stop it now and realise they have been thrown to the fourth position by people,” it further said.
NCP, which had declared its outside support to the BJP government in Maharashtra, had on December 3 said it would discuss the “procedure” for claiming the post of Leader of Opposition and also of the Council chairman, when Sena was the principal opposition party.
However, NCP’s former ally Congress has junked the Sharad Pawar-led party’s claim, saying it is short of the required numbers for the post.
Congress leader Shivajirao Deshmukh is the incumbent Chairman of the Legislative Council.
If NCP stakes claim the post of Chairman, it will have to bring a no-confidence motion against him as per the procedure.
Congress has 42, while the NCP has 41 MLAs in the 288-member Assembly.

Anoushka Shankar gets her third Grammy nominationBy: Press Trust of India | Los Angeles |
Posted: December 6, 2014 3:37 pm
Sitarist Anoushka Shankar, daughter of late sitar maestro Ravi Shankar, has been nominated in the Best World Music Album category for her album, ‘Traces of You’ at the 57th Annual Grammy Awards.
Anoushka has been nominated for the coveted award thrice in the past. ‘Traces of You’ is her seventh album, and features her half-sister, Norah Jones, on the track ‘The Sun Won’t Set.’ ‘Traces of You’ brings Anoushka together with London-based producer Nitin Sawhney to interweave Indian and electronic musical influences.
Writer-education activist Neela Vaswani has also been nominated. Neela, born to an Indian father and Irish mother and founder of the Storylines Project with the New York Public Library, has been nominated in the Best Children’s Album category for the audio book ‘I Am Malala: How One Girl Stood Up For Education And Changed The World (Malala Yousafzai)’.
The 57th Annual Grammy Awards nomination list was dominated by British singer Sam Smith, R&B queen Beyonce and Pharrell Williams. The Grammys ceremony will take place in Los Angeles on February 8.

Indias Asha Bhat wins Miss Supranational 2014 titleBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 6, 2014 3:24 pm
India’s Asha Bhat has won the beauty pageant Miss Supranational 2014, becoming the first Indian to receive the title. Asha competed with contestants from 70 countries at the event held in Warsaw, Poland last night.
Looking dazzling in a beautiful Gavin Miguel gown, Asha was crowned by the outgoing Miss Supranational, Mutya Datul from Philippines. “I am ecstatic. It’s an unbelievable feeling and I couldn’t feel more proud. I am happy to have won this title for my country. I am extremely thankful to the Miss India Organization for giving me this wonderful opportunity to prove myself. Now, I am just waiting to come back to my country and meet my family and friends who supported me throughout my journey,” Asha said after her win.
She will be also rewarded with USD 25000. Earlier in the competition, Asha won the title of Miss Talent by giving a sizzling Bollywood fusion performance, choreographed by Khush Numa Daruvalla on songs like ‘Kajrare’, ‘Yaar Na Mila’ and ‘Dhol Baaje’. Asha was also seen competing for various sub-titles like Best National Costume, Miss Best Body, Miss Fashion Show, among others.

IED explodes in Meghalayas South Garo Hills  five policemen injuredBy: Press Trust of India | Shillong |
Posted: December 6, 2014 3:23 pm | Updated: December 6, 2014 3:25 pm
A powerful IED exploded at a road in Meghalaya’s South Garo Hills district injuring five policemen, who were travelling through a remote village from the area, police said today.
The IED went off at Rongrakgre village, 10 kms away from Chokpot, seriously injuring all the five occupants of a
gypsy vehicle last evening, they said.
Injured Havildar B Baitha and constable K Sangma have been shifted to Guwahati for treatment, district SP Lakador
Syiem said.
The three others were shifted to Tura Civil Hospital for treatment.
The incident comes a day after suspected banned Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) militants attacked the
residence of East Garo Hills district Additional SP indiscriminately firing and hurling bombs at the entrance.
At the time of yesterday’s incident, about 10 policemen of the 3rd battalion were traveling in two vehicles to supply food stock and returning towards Sibbari.
Preliminary investigation by police indicates that the militants may have used a remote detonator to trigger the blast.
An intensive search has been launched, the SP said. Armed personnel also known as ‘road opening’ parties patrolled several sections of the Chokpot road to check militant activity including IEDs earlier in the day.

Vadodara: State vigilance seize fake dollars worth Rs 3.05 lakh  arrest onePosted: December 6, 2014 3:14 pm
 
A person carrying fake American dollar currency notes having a face value of around Rs 3.05 lakh was nabbed by a team of state vigilance squad from Vadodara. The accused, Mahesh Parmar, was carrying fifty counterfeit notes each of $100 denomination hidden among 1,279 original dollar notes of $ 1 denomination each.
The notes were handed over to Parmar by one Wasila (his full name is yet not known) at Alang, a port town with world-know ship breaking facility in Bhavnagar district, police said. Police are looking out for Wasila, whose identity is not yet known other than the fact that he hails from Odissa.
The state vigilance team had received tip-off about a person trying to deliver fake dollar to a yet unknown customer at Vasad in Vadodara and nabbed Parma from near the newly-constructed central bus depot at Sayajigunj locality late Friday night.
A case was registered against him and “absconding” Wasila at Sayajigunj police station on Saturday under sections 489(B)(C) and 120(B) of the Indian Penal Code, for possessing counterfeit currency and for being party to a criminal conspiracy.
The original 1,279 dollars of $1 denomination each has a current face value of Rs 78,019. Parmar also carried Rs 510 in cash other than a mobile phone worth Rs 500.
The accused was being interrogated to know about the person to whom the notes were to be delivered. Police were also trying to find out the identity of the person Wasila whom Parmar met at Alang to receive the consignment. A number of fake notes recovered from Parmar were color photocopy of original notes and bore same serial number.
“The state monitoring cell had received a tip-off regarding the transaction of duplicate dollar in Vadodara which was to be delivered at Vasad locality. Based on information, the accused was nabbed with the notes even before he could deliver the consignment. Further investigation is on,” said Joint Commissioner of Police, Vadodara, DJ Patel.

PK is a family movie: Aamir KhanBy: Press Trust of India | Melbourne |
Posted: December 6, 2014 3:11 pm
Bollywood star Aamir Khan, who is awaiting the release of his upcoming film ‘PK’, says it is a complete family movie. In a bid to create pre-release buzz in Australia for the much-awaited movie, the 49-year-old actor revealed few details about the film to media here through video conferencing organised by the local film distributor company Mind Blowing Films.
“I have no scenes with Sushant Singh Rajput and it is a family movie. I did not have the opportunity to work with Sushant in this film,” Aamir said, adding his character is like Chaplanist. “It is a family movie and there is nothing objectionable in the movie. It has been seen by my mother and my kids,” Aamir said, while clarifying that his naked poster with a transistor on railway tracks is just a moment of the film.
In ‘PK’, Aamir would be seen sharing screen space with young star Anushka Sharma and Sanjay Dutt. “I must say that Anushka was a wonderful co-star to work with. With her I really enjoyed myself,” he said. Asked if he felt any sort of pressure while working with young actors who look up to him, Aamir said, “I don’t get pressured by young actors I work with. When I do the shot I’m in a moment.”
Without giving out details about the film, Aamir said although there is a lot of speculations about the film, ‘PK’ is essentially a drama. “It is not a political satire or any kind of satire.. but it is a film about how we are as people, essentially a drama,” he said, adding that director Rajkumar Hirani has tried to convey through humour.
Talking about his costumes in the film, Aamir said that the clothes have been picked up by various people. “All clothes I have worn have been picked up from someone. Costume designers were told that they have to walk around the streets and if they find something interesting they should request that person to give that in an exchange of money or other clothes,” Aamir said.
‘PK’ will hit theatres on December 19.

Bardhaman blast accused Shahnoor Alam sent to police custodyNew Delhi, December 6, 2014
Updated: December 7, 2014 00:19 IST
Bardhaman Blast Case
Bardhaman blast accused Shahnoor Alam sent to police custody
Sushanta Talukdar
Tweet
The Hindu
In this October 2, 2014 photo, a forensic expert examines the site of the blast at a house in Khagragarh, in Bardhaman district of West Bengal.
TOPICS
investigation
Alam is the alleged financial brain of terror group Jamaat-ul-Mujahideen Bangladesh.
The Assam Police on Friday arrested a key Jamaat-ul-Mujahideen of Bangladesh (JMB) activist, Sahanur Alam (32) alias ‘doctor’ and a key suspect in the Bardhaman blast case, from Larkuchi village under Mukalmua police station in lower Assam’s Nalbari district.
Senior JMB leaders from Bangladesh reportedly had visited the village earlier this year to motivate local people for jihadi activities. The NIA, probing the Bardhaman blast case, had announced a reward of Rs. 5 lakh on information leading to Sahanur’s arrest.
Director-General of Police Khagen Sarma told journalists here on Saturday that the Special Operation Unit of the Assam Police was on the trail of Sahanur as they had information that he had not crossed over to Bangladesh, though he slipped out of the police dragnet earlier and had been frequently changing his hiding places along the border.
Director-General of Police Khagen Sarma said on Saturday that though Sahanur had not gone to Bangladesh for any operational training and he was not an expert in using arms, he was “very important as a motivator.”
“JMB’s operational training takes place in Bangladesh and parts of West Bengal but in Assam no operational training has been imparted so far. However, the JMB has been imparting motivational training to some people in Assam. We have taken it seriously and we are not complacent because once the jihadi elements succeed in creating small modules, militants from outside can come use the module to trigger violence in the state,” the DGP said.
Mr. Sarma said jihadi elements had been taking cover of some madrasas to motivate people but no madrasa in Assam was found to be used for such activities.

http://bit.ly/1CNwzXUIngenious New App Brings Old Photos Back to Life
Good news: You can finally throw out the scanner you never used!
December 05, 2014
We really should've done this a long time ago.
Think about it: Our precious photo albums are irreplaceable mementos of the past that we'll surely cherish forever, yet we store them in physical photobooks—an archaic medium prone to fading and degradation. We owe it to ourselves to convert our old photo albums to digital.
Simply take a photo of... your photo, and Heirloom does the rest. View Larger
So why don't we? Because we're lazy, sure, but also because it's a horrendous chore.
Ever since Hewlett-Packard made bloatware a pillar of their business model, scanners have unofficially become everybody's least favorite piece of technology. They're slow, they never work right without tinkering, and scanned photos still need to be tweaked to look good. A process that should be an enjoyable trip down memory lane becomes a mind-numbing hassle.
Well, a new app called "Heirloom" hopes to change all that. The concept is simple: The app uses your smartphone's camera as a DIY scanner. That might sound like a half-baked, low-quality way of treating your most important photos, but Heirloom has a few tricks up its sleeve.
First off, the software is smart enough to recognize the borders of a printed photo, crop to discard the surroundings, and even compensate for the distortion caused by a less-than-perfect shooting angle. It also includes built-in filters (you know, to make those retro snaps look even more retro) and sharing to popular social networks.
Share captured photos with friends and family. View Larger
There's no waiting around for the dreaded scanner to finish its lackadaisical light show, and no need to place the photos on a special surface. In other words, there's no need to spend a whole day on the project. Just shoot, and your old photos are uploaded to the cloud, where they'll live for all time—or until Skynet brings about the end of the world.
Both iOS and Android are supported (free of charge), though of course you'll need a phone with a decent camera—think iPhone 4S or better .

Overdrive road test: Kawasaki ER-6n Vs Kawasaki Z250Dec 06, 2014, 03.19 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Overdrive road test: Kawasaki ER-6n Vs Kawasaki Z250
Overdrive bring you a road test of the Kawasaki motorcycles – ER-6n and Z250.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Overdrive road test: Kawasaki ER-6n Vs Kawasaki Z250
Overdrive bring you a road test of the Kawasaki motorcycles – ER-6n and Z250.
Post your opinion here

Bertrand D Souza answers queries on Overdrive Auto SelectorLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Bertrand D'Souza answers queries on Overdrive Auto Selector
Overdrive Editor Bertrand D'Souza answers all viewer queries on Auto Selector and the latest on motoring news.
Post your opinion here

U.S. Hostage Killed During Yemen Rescue Bid: Reportsu.s. hostage killed during yemen rescue bid: reports
Sony employees receive threatening emails from hackersSony employees receive threatening emails from hackers
Rate cut hopes dashed  Sensex loses steamRate cut hopes dashed  Sensex loses steam
Typhoon Hagupit LIVE: 500 000 People Evacuated as  Massive Scale  Storm Nears PhTyphoon Hagupit LIVE: 500 000 People Evacuated as  Massive Scale  Storm Nears Ph
UP should get some benefits says Chief Minister Akhilesh YadavUP should get some benefits says Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav
India on the watch list of most global investors today: Jack W Lin  Pioneer InvestmentIndia on the watch list of most global investors today: Jack W Lin  Pioneer Investment
Sensex  Nifty fall on profit-booking after six-week gainsSensex  Nifty fall on profit-booking after six-week gains
The management has guided in their report of 2013-2014 that expansion ...Gold Member
38 Followers
The management has guided in their report of 2013-2014 that expansion would be completed by 3rd qtr of this yr and comm production in the 4rth qtr. That will add to FY14 numbers.
3.57 PM Dec 6th  | Track

Can media report about the involvement of maran brothers in 2g scam as...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Anyway u going to disagree my opinion what is the use of saying.... my...Silver Member
2 Followers
anyway u going to disagree my opinion what is the use of saying.... my money i am taking risk... here i am not saying to invest anyone or exit anyone.......
3.55 PM Dec 6th  | Track

High risks are always there in day trading. however  if one goes long ...Platinum Member
925 Followers
High risks are always there in day trading. However, if one goes long, he has T 5 days to look at its movement. But, shorts are squared up by closing, hence, out of control.

UP to launch affordable housing schemeUP to launch affordable housing scheme
Press Trust of India | Lucknow Dec 06, 2014 03:00 PM IST
With an aim to provide affordable housing to medium income group in the state, Uttar Pradesh government today announced to launch 'Samajwadi Awas Yojna' and said that efforts would be made to construct three lakh houses by 2016.
"The cabinet has decided to launch 'Samajwadi Awas Yojna' to benefit medium income group, besides fixing ceiling rates for apartments," Principal Secretary Housing Sadakant told reporters here.
He said that the houses constructed under the scheme will cost between Rs 15 lakh to Rs 30 lakh and that as a policy it has been decided that land use conversion would be free of cost.
"The government has decided to fix ceiling on per square feet rate of the apartments. It will not exceed Rs 3,000 square feet in national capital region, Rs 2,800 per square feet in metro and Rs 2,500 in other cities," he said.
He said that concessions would also be offered, which include rebate in the stamp duty and single window clearance.
He said that the government has also framed bylaws for land use conversion.
"Under this a separate infrastructure fund would be created in which people will know that it will be used for development," he said.
The principal secretary said that the government has also decided to relax provisions under hi-tech township scheme.
On protecting farmers interest, he said that land acquisition law has become more stringent and under it the farmers are to be made stakeholders.
Regarding illegal colonies, he mentioned that a policy would be brought soon.
On a question regarding corruption in government housing authorities, he said that there has been a drop in the accountability, but the government was committed to take action once a report was received.
Sadakant said that the scheme could be implemented in rural areas as well.

IIT Kanpur students turn down salary package of Rs 1 croreIIT Kanpur students turn down salary package of Rs 1 crore
PTI     Kanpur   Last Updated: December 5, 2014  | 11:17 IST
Photo: Reuters
Considerations of professional fulfilment and a desire to pursue higher studies have trumped offers of eight-figure salaries during placements at IIT Kanpur as four students chose to turn down jobs which would have paid them more than Rs 1 crore yearly.
It is not everyday that a job-seeker turns down a Rs 1 crore offer and the decision by four of them - three boys and a girl student - at the premier technological institute in Kanpur is sure to create a flutter, especially when two of them are said to have settled for lower salaries in order to work in profiles which they found to be more suitable for themselves.
According to the chairman of the IIT-Kanpur Placement Cell, Prof Deepu Philip, the remaining two male students have opted for higher studies over signing up to join any company.
Philip, who refused to divulge the names of the four students, said that the offers were made on Wednesday by a multinational company during placement interviews on their campus.
The offer to these four students was for a take home of $150,000, or close to Rs 93 lakh per annum.
"Along with other incentives and perks, the size of the package was more than Rs 1 crore yearly", Philip told PTI on Thursday.
The girl student and one of the boys declined the offer saying it did not match their temperament and that they wanted professional fulfilment from their jobs.
The two have accepted offers of Rs 50 lakh per annum from a smaller company.
"The remaining two students said they want to focus on higher studies and were, therefore, not keen on taking up the Rs 1 crore offer", added Philip.
In one of the fattest pay packages offered to an IITian ever in campus placements, a student of IIT Kharagpur was a few days back offered a whopping annual salary of over Rs 1.5 crore.
IIT authorities have refused to disclose details about the student or the company which made the offer, saying this brings unnecessary attention to the student.
IIT sources claimed that the 1.54 crore offer is the highest ever package received by the Kharagpur unit and among the largest ever in all IITs.
IIT Kanpur had kicked off its placement drive on December 1 with around 1,290 students from B.Tech, B.Tech Dual and M.Tech courses registering for the same.
The placement drive will continue till December 24. 

Express I.T. Awards  2014: Subramanian Ramadorai honoured with Lifetime Achievement awardDefence helps build Tatas’ war chest
The Financial Express felicitated those whose exemplary performance is an inspiration to most at the ‘Express IT Awards’ held in Bengaluru today. Judged by an eminent jury of experts, the awards recognised and rewarded both, companies at the cutting edge of technology innovation and leading professionals across the IT industry.
Gathered in the city’s software hub to listen to the experts and to celebrate excellence and innovation in technology was the country’s tech fraternity to raise a toast to the winners of the second Express I.T. Awards — instituted by the Indian Express Group — who have been chosen by an eminent jury.
Check out the winners
Subramanian Ramadorai, former vice-chairman, TCS, was honoured for his outstanding contribution to the IT industry with the Lifetime Achievement award.
This time around, the Newsmaker of the Year is Francisco D’Souza, CEO of Cognizant, who takes home the award for steering his firm in a landmark year that saw it scale newer heights with a $2.7-billion acquisition.
Check it out as it happened:
Tweets by @FinancialXpress
The awards, across seven categories, showcase the most innovative and scalable IT solutions across the most relevant fields namely, IT Innovation, IT Biz, Mobility Solutions, Analytics Solutions, Cloud Solutions, IT Entrepreneurship and Green Technologies.
The jury comprised Som Mittal, former Nasscom president, TV Mohandas Pai, chairman, Manipal Global Education, Google India’s Anandan, and S Sadagopan, director, IIT, Bengaluru. PwC provided knowledge support for the awards.
Join the conversation:
TAGS: Express IT Awards
More from companies

Permits expired  but Bharti Airtel  Vodafone to get extention; relief for Delhi  Mumbai usersDefence helps build Tatas’ war chest
Mobile subscribers in Delhi and Mumbai will be spared of further call drops and network congestion as the department of telecommunications (DoT) has agreed to offer a 45-day extension — till January 14, 2015 — to Bharti Airtel and Vodafone for migrating to new frequencies.
The DoT has recommended to the telecom commission that “the joint proposal submitted by Bharti Airtel, Vodafone India and Idea Cellular for Delhi service area may be considered for allowing Vodafone to use 3 MHz spectrum that was allotted to Idea Cellular during the transition period (up to January 14, 2015) in Delhi service area”. Telecom Commission is the highest decision making body on policy matters relating to the sector.
For Mumbai circle, DoT has recommended the commission to consider allowing Vodafone to use 1.8 MHz spectrum allotted to Bharti Airtel during the transition period which is upto December 15, 2014, for changeover of frequencies in 900 MHz band in the circle. The telecom commission is expected to meet on Monday to take a final call on the matter.
The DoT’s recommendation on extension of time for a changeover is based on the joint proposal by the telcos. DoT said the operators have agreed to pay spectrum usage charges (SUC) as per the actual allocation from the date of earmarking or allocation of spectrum
The 20-year licence for 900 MHz for Bharti Airtel and Vodafone India for Delhi, Mumbai and Kolkata circles lapsed last month.
Earlier, the operators had blamed DoT for delaying allotment of new spectrum which they had bagged in the auctions held in February and demanded more time for the switchover.
Telecom regulator Trai had also warned DoT that services may be disrupted partially from December due to delay by DoT in fresh spectrum allocation to Bharti Airtel and Vodafone. These operators have about 20 million mobile subscribers in Delhi, which account for 45% of the total subscriber base.
Both Vodafone and Bharti Airtel have given up a share of their 900 MHz which they had in Delhi, Mumbai and Kolkata. While in Delhi, Bharti retained 5 MHz of the 8 MHz which it had earlier bagged in the February auction. Similarly, Vodafone also gave up 2 MHz of 900 MHz spectrum in Delhi from 8 MHz to 6 MHz. On other hand, Idea, which did not have 900 MHz band of airwaves, now has 5 MHz.
In Mumbai, Bharti Airtel has agreed to allow Vodafone use its 1.8 MHz of 900 band spectrum from November 29, 2014, to December 15, 2014. In Kolkata, Vodafone will use 0.4 MHz  of Bharti in addition to its holding of 7.8 MHz.
Both Bharti and Vodafone have acquired additional 1,800 MHz spectrum to make up for the 900 MHz loss. Mobile signals transmitted in 900 MHz band cover almost double area compared to signals transmitted in 1800 MHz band.
TAGS: Bharti Airtel Mobile Subscribers Spectrum Vodafone India
More from companies

Voltas topples LG to be the No. 1 in AC busi...Voltas topples LG to be the No. 1 in AC business
By TNN | 6 Dec, 2014, 11.41AM IST
0
Share More
The penetration of ACs stands at 3-4% in the Indian market.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: The Tatas-owned Voltas has taken the top slot in the Indian airconditioner (AC) market, overtaking Korean white goods giant LG that has dominated the business for over a decade.
Latest data from market research firm GfK Nielsen Retail Audit showed that Voltas had a shade over 20% of the pie in September, based on sales at multi-brand and exclusive brand outlets. This was marginally ahead of LG's market share of 19.9%.
This is perhaps the first time in recent years Voltas has taken the pole position across the AC segment.
However, for the first half of the financial year (April-September 2014-15), LG continues to lead with a share of 20.5%. Voltas follows with a share of 18.9%.
Samsung, the other big player in the AC market, is a distant third. The brand, which has exited the windows AC category, had a share of 12.8% in September and finished the first half with a share of 13.7%, the data showed. This would perhaps be one of the few consumer categories where either of the Korean chaebols are not at the top, considering their popularity among Indian buyers.
The AC market accounts for sales of 3.2 million units annually but has been witnessing tepid growth over the last two years. The penetration of ACs stands at 3-4% in the Indian market.
LG said it is working towards protecting its market share leadership.
"Today there are more than 50 brands trying to sell their ACs (more than 70 brands are registered for star-rating labelling at Bureau of Energy Efficiency). With multiple players joining the product categories, our primary objective remains to sustain our leadership position and strengthen our business share across channels," said Saurabh Baisakhia, business head for ACs at LG India .
The worrying part for the Korean MNCs is also the fact that Voltas already leads in the big-volume multi-brand outlet, which is believed to account for 80-85% of AC industry volumes. Pradeep Bakshi , president and COO of Voltas, said the company's increased penetration in the country has helped the brand capture higher volumes and presence. "This has been an outcome of our ever-increasing reach in distribution, a distinct brand positioning based on consumer insights... and investments in after-sales service."
Samsung said its exit from the window AC category may have brought down its overall share in the segment. "Samsung exited the window AC category around the end of 2011 and decided to operate only in the split AC segment as that was a growing market. Since then, our market share in the split AC segment has only been growing," a company spokesperson said.
Apart from increasing its reach across the country, Voltas has also been aggressive in attracting top talent and poaching from rivals.
Those brought on board include Deba Ghoshal (ex-LG) who heads marketing and sales (modern trade, commercial), Jogesh Jaitly (ex-Samsung and LG) who heads sales (general trade), Rahul Jain (ex-LG) who heads service, and M K Sharma (ex-LG and Samsung) who heads manufacturing.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Terrorists tried to attack Indian democracy: PM Modi | Why militants chose fortified UriJ&K terror attack
(The Prime Minister also…)
HAZARIBAGH/JHARKHAND: A day after terror strikes rocked the Kashmir Valley, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today said terrorists tried to attack Indian democracy but brave jawans sacrificed their lives protecting the country's security.
The Prime Minister also paid tributes to martyrs who laid down their lives while fighting militants.
"Terrorists tried to attack the democracy of India. But the brave jawans scarified their lives protecting the country's security," he told an election rally here.
"I pay my tributes to Jharkhand's brave son Sankalp Kumar Shukla and other brave jawans who scarified their lives. Sankalp Kumar Shukla's martyrdom will be remembered by future generations in the state," he said.
Kashmir Valley was yesterday rocked by four attacks by militants from across the border, who stormed an army camp in Uri leaving 11 security personnel including Lt Colonel Sankalp Kumar dead and killed two civilians in Tral.
The attacks and gun battles with security forces left in all 21 people dead. Among them was a top commander of Pakistan-based terror outfit LeT and seven militants.
Modi, who will be holding a rally in Srinagar city on Monday, had condemned the terror attacks as "desperate attempts" to derail the atmosphere of hope created by the increased voter turnout and saluted the soldiers who laid down their lives for the nation.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Let s talk about sex  with a little help from RanveerLet's talk about sex, with a little help from Ranveer Singh
Sweta Kaushal , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 06, 2014
First Published: 13:15 IST(6/12/2014) | Last Updated: 17:19 IST(6/12/2014)
Comments
Winds of change are blowing in Bollywood, and leading the pack is Ranveer Singh. In a first of sorts, Singh is talking sex, questioning taboos and even morality for a promotional video for a condom brand. Now this is what we call getting into the skin of the character! 
Singh's new video for the condom brand Durex holds forth on sex and everything else around it that we thought should never be discussed openly.
Watch: Ranveer Singh's sex talk
The video starts with Singh saying he loves women and sex. Only, the word 'sex' is beeped out. In the next frame, an angry Singh rants on how it is sad that the country which gave the world the best and the first book on sex (Vatsyayan's Kamasutra) is still hypocritical about a very basic, normal day-to-day activity like sex. "We have a population exceeding a 100 crore. Where did all the kids come from?" he asks, before starting off on a monologue on how it is important to discuss and be open about it.
"Sex education ko ban kar do. Biology textbook ke panne faad do. Jitna bhi try karo, aap ise mita nahi sakte, par baat jarur kar sakte ho...Why can't we be open and talk about it?"
And signs off, "Rex talk, let's talk about sex."
In an earlier video for the same brand, Ranveer Singh had this to say: "Kehte hain humko pyaar se Indiawaale. Par Indiawaalo mein dum nahi hain. Tum saala chup hi acche ho. Ladkiyan jada bolein chup kara do, bacche chein chein karein chup kara do.Kyuki India hai, jo chal raha chalne do, chup kara do...Bollywod films, stars, women's rape, inflation, love in Splitsville, chutzpah ke baare mein baat karne ka dum hai par sex? Chup, chup, chup...sshh...bolna bhi nahi. But kaha se aaye ho?"
Ranveer Singh also says, "Tum agar apne hone ke reason ke baare mein chup ho to tumhare hone ka koi reason hi nahi hai."
Point well said. So, for once, let us follow this Bollywood celeb and actually be open and less hypocritical about sex.
comment Note: By posting your comments here you agree to the terms and conditions of www.hindustantimes.com

American hostage Luke Somers killed in YemenSANA’A, December 6, 2014
Updated: December 6, 2014 17:01 IST
American, South African hostages killed in Yemen
AP
Tweet
AP
In this February 11, 2013 photo, Luke Somers, 33, an American photojournalist who was kidnapped over a year ago by al-Qaeda, poses for a picture during a parade marking the second anniversary of the revolution in Sana'a, Yemen. His said on Saturday that he was killed in a failed rescue attempt in Yemen.
AP
This image made from video posted online by militants on December 4, 2014, shows Luke Somers, an American photojournalist held hostage by al-Qaeda's affiliate in Yemen. His sister said on Saturday that he was killed in a failed rescue attempt in Yemen.
TOPICS
act of terror
An American photojournalist and a South African aid worker held by al-Qaeda militants in Yemen have been killed in a failed U.S. rescue attempt, authorities said on Saturday.
Speaking in Afghanistan, U.S. Defence Secretary Chuck Hagel said Luke Somers “and a second non-U.S. citizen hostage were murdered” by al-Qaeda militants during the raid.
The aid group Gift of Givers later identified the second hostage as South African teacher Pierre Korkie, who the group said was to be released on Sunday. They said he was to be flown out of Yemen “under diplomatic cover, then to meet with family members in a ‘safe’ country, (and) fly to South Africa.”
Mr. Hagel said, “Yesterday by the order of the President of the United States, U.S. special operations forces conducted a mission in Yemen to rescue a U.S. citizen Luke Somers and any other foreign nationals held hostage with him.
“There were compelling reasons to believe Somers’ life was in imminent danger.”
Lucy Somers, the photojournalist’s sister, told The Associated Press that she and her father learned of her 33-year-old brother’s death from FBI agents at 5 a.m. GMT (10.30 a.m. IST) on Saturday.
“We ask that all of Luke’s family members be allowed to mourn in peace,” Ms. Lucy Somers said from London.
In Yemen, a top security official said al-Qaeda militants planned to kill Luke Somers on Saturday.
Yemen’s national security chief, Maj. Gen. Ali al-Ahmadi, made the comments on Saturday at a security conference in Manama, Bahrain.
Maj. Gen. Al-Ahmadi said, “Al-Qaeda promised to conduct the execution (of Luke Somers) today so there was an attempt to save them but unfortunately they shot the hostage before or during the attack. He was freed but unfortunately he was dead.”
Yemen’s local al-Qaeda branch, Al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, posted a video on Thursday that showed Luke Somers, threatening to kill him in three days if the United States didn’t meet the group’s demands, which weren’t specified. He was kidnapped in September 2013 from Sana’a.
The news of the failed rescue comes after a suspected U.S. drone strike in Yemen killed nine alleged al-Qaeda militants early Saturday, a Yemeni security official said before news of Luke Somers’ death. The drone struck at dawn in Yemen’s southern Shabwa Province, hitting a suspected militant hideout, the official said. The official did not elaborate and spoke on condition of anonymity as he wasn’t authorised to brief journalists.
Later on Saturday, tribal leaders said they saw helicopters flying over an area called Wadi Abdan in Shabwa Province.
American authorities rarely discuss their drone strike campaign in Yemen. The strikes are despised by many in Yemen due to civilian casualties, legitimising for many the attacks on American interests. At least six suspected militants were killed in an airstrike in the same Province last month.
Before her brother’s death, Lucy Somers released an online video describing him as a romantic who “always believes the best in people.” She ended with the plea: “Please let him live.”
In a statement, Luke Somers’ father, Michael, also called his son “a good friend of Yemen and the Yemeni people” and asked for his safe release.
Korkie was kidnapped in the Yemeni city of Taiz in May, along with his wife Yolande. His wife later was released returned to South Africa. A non-governmental group, Gift of the Givers, helped mediate her release. Those close to Korkie said al-Qaeda militants demanded a $3 million ransom for his release.
“The psychological and emotional devastation to Yolande and her family will be compounded by the knowledge that Pierre was to be released by al Qaeda tomorrow,” Gift of Givers said in a statement on Saturday. “A team of Abyan leaders met in Aden this morning and were preparing the final security and logistical arrangements, related to hostage release mechanisms, to bring Pierre to safety and freedom. It is even more tragic that the words we used in a conversation with Yolande at 5.59 this morning was ‘The wait is almost over.’”
In a statement on Thursday, Pentagon press secretary Rear Adm. John Kirby acknowledged for the first time that a mysterious U.S. raid last month had sought to rescue Luke Somers but that he turned out not to be at the site. The U.S. considers Yemen’s al-Qaeda branch to be the world’s most dangerous arm of the group as it has been linked to several failed attacks on the U.S. homeland.
Rear Adm. Kirby did not elaborate on the joint U.S-Yemeni operation to free Luke Somers, saying details remained classified. However, officials have said the raid targeted a remote al-Qaeda safe haven in a desert region near the Saudi border. Eight captives including Yemenis, a Saudi and an Ethiopian were freed. Luke Somers, a Briton and four others had been moved days earlier.
Luke Somers was kidnapped in September 2013 as he left a supermarket in Sana’a, said Fakhri al-Arashi, chief editor of the National Yemen, where Somers worked as a copy editor and a freelance photographer during the 2011 uprising in Yemen.
Luke Somers, who was born in Britain, earned a bachelor’s degree in creative writing while attending Beloit College in Wisconsin from 2004 through 2007.
“He really wanted to understand the world,” said Shawn Gillen, an English professor and chairman of Beloit College’s journalism programme who had Luke Somers as a student.
Fuad al-Kadas, who called Luke Somers one of his best friends, said Luke Somers spent time in Egypt before finding work in Yemen. Luke Somers started teaching English at a Yemen school but quickly established himself as a one of the few foreign photographers in the country, he said.
“He is a great man with a kind heart who really loves the Yemeni people and the country,” Mr. al-Kadas wrote in an email from Yemen. He said he last saw Luke Somers the day before he was kidnapped.
“He was so dedicated in trying to help change Yemen’s future, to do good things for the people that he didn’t leave the country his entire time here,” Mr. al-Kadas wrote.

Enjoyed working with sons in Aivaraattam : JayaprakashBy: Indo-Asian News Service | Chennai |
Posted: December 6, 2014 3:48 pm
Popular actor Jayaprakash, who will be seen sharing the screen space with his sons – Niranjan and Dushyanth – in upcoming Tamil sports drama ‘Aivaraattam’, says he thoroughly enjoyed working with them.
“It was the director’s idea to cast both my sons in the film. I’m surprised by the kind of performance that has been extracted from them. I really enjoyed working with them although we hardly have scenes together,” Jayaprakash told IANS.
‘Aivaraattam’ will depict the story about football set against a rural backdrop, The narration is inspired by a real incident that took place in Sivagangai, Tamil Nadu.
Directed by debutant Mithun Manickam, the film also features Nithya Shetty.
Young composer Swaminathan, grandson of Grammy winner Vikku Vinayakram, is also making his debut.

We need you now: Vishal Dadlani on Ambedkars deathanniversaryBy: Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 6, 2014 4:10 pm
Musician Vishal Dadlani Saturday paid tribute to Babasaheb Ambedkar on his death anniversary, saying that the country needs people like him.
Dadlani, who has given some foot-tapping numbers like ‘Tu meri’ and ‘Desi girl’ along with his music partner Shekhar Ravjiani, took to social networking site Twitter to remember the leader.
“Babasaheb Ambedkar, may your light guide us. You brought about a progressive, secular India, for all. We need you now, more than ever,” he tweeted.
Bhimrao Ramji Ambedkar, who died Dec 6, 1956, was a jurist, economist, politician and a social reformer who campaigned against social discrimination of Dalits, women and labourers. He was independent India’s first law minister and the principal architect of the Constitution of India.
In 1990, Ambedkar was posthumously conferred the Bharat Ratna, the highest civilian award of India.

Shantiniketan: Bangladeshi student raped by localguardianBy: Press Trust of India | Shantiniketan |
Posted: December 6, 2014 4:03 pm
A Bangladeshi girl studying here was allegedly raped by her local guardian, who has been arrested by the police.
Birbhum Police Superintendent Alok Rajoria said on Saturdaythat the man, who had allegedly raped the girl, was himself from Bangladesh.
The girl in her complaint to the police said that she was being blackmailed by the man, who had taken her photographs.
The man was arrested from here on Friday night on the basis of the complaint lodged at Bolpur Police Station by the student on Friday, he said.
The girl was a residential student, while the accused stayed outside the campus.
A senior inspector of police has been assigned as the investigating officer in the case, the SP said, adding the girl was in hospital.

Australian team to wear No.408 as tribute to PhillipHughesBy: Press Trust of India | Adelaide |
Posted: December 6, 2014 3:58 pm | Updated: December 6, 2014 4:34 pm
In a tribute to late Phillip Hughes, the Australian cricket team has decided to wear number 408, the Test debut number of the late batsman, under its national emblem during the first Test against India starting December 9, in Adelaide.
Hughes, who passed away after being hit by a Sean Abbott bouncer in a domestic game, has become an international cricket hero and Michael Clarke and Co will seek to honour his memory.
Usually, players have their own individual Test playing numbers embroidered on their shirts but on Tuesday, every Australian will wear Hughes’ Test cap number.
A range of initiatives to honour Hughes’ life and achievements are being planned for the opener against India, which promises to be a highly emotional event given that the first outing for the Test side since his tragic passing is taking place in his adopted home city.
Not only Australia but the cricketing world was shocked by Hughes’ demise after the batsman succumbed to his head injury on being hit by a Sean Abbott bouncer in a domestic game at the Sydney Cricket Ground.
After a state funeral in his hometown Macksville, the Michael Clarke-led team resumed practice at the Adelaide Oval and coach Darren Lehmann is positive about the response from the boys in coping up with the tragedy.
“Stick together,” Lehmann was quoted as saying on Fox Sports.
“We lost a family member from our cricket community and now it’s a case of rallying around his family and the whole CA cricket family and get on with what we do and that’s play some cricket. Hughesy would want us to do that as well. We’ve spoken about it plenty over the past few days,” he added.

MS Dhoni could be fit and ready for first Test inAdelaideBy: Associated Press | Adelaide |
Posted: December 6, 2014 3:57 pm
India captain M.S. Dhoni could play the first Test against Australia as he attempts to overcome a left fractured thumb before the start of the delayed series.
Dhoni, like his hamstring-injured Australian counterpart Michael Clarke, would have missed the originally scheduled first Test in Brisbane. But the death of Australia batsman Phillip Hughes forced a rescheduling of the Test series, with Adelaide now hosting the opener at the Adelaide Oval starting Tuesday and the Brisbane test set for a week later.
Dhoni flew into Adelaide on Saturday and will train with his teammates on Sunday.
Both teams are switching their focus back to the series after the death of Hughes, who died last Thursday two days after being struck by a ball while batting in a domestic match in Sydney.
“We are professional cricketers, we have to move on,” Indian paceman Ishant Sharma said Saturday. “What has happened is really bad and everyone was really shocked (we) need to look forward to what is coming next for us and that is what we will do.”
His teammate Rohit Sharma said the first test would be welcomed by a mourning cricket world.
“It was a very sad incident but cricket has to go on, the game will go on,” he said Saturday. “Mentally, everyone is focused to do well. When you go out on the park, the only thing is about how to perform and give your best. That incident of Phil Hughes will definitely be in everyone’s minds but when it comes to this game, we all be focused on how to do well and get the best result.”

Its Riaan  Genelia DSouza announces sonsnameBy: Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 6, 2014 3:57 pm
Bollywood’s beloved on-screen and off-screen couple Genelia D’Souza and Riteish Deshmukh, who were recently blessed with their first child, has named the little one Riaan Riteish Deshmukh.
The excited mother took to Twitter to share the good news and posted: “Our Son ‘RIAAN RITEISH DESHMUKH'”
The naming ceremomy of the recently born happened Saturday. “Blessed to have the entire family under one roof- for the ‘Barsa’ (naming ceremony) of my lil one,” she tweeted.
The couple, who had been dating since 2003, tied the knot in 2012. Having starred together in movies like “Tujhe Meri Kasam” and “Tere Naal Love Ho Gaya”, they are often called the ‘cutest couple of tinsel town’.
Filmmaker Sanjay Gupta, who is also the couple’s friend, sent out congratulatory messages on the occasion of the naming ceremony by tweeting: “God bless R I A A N,” he tweeted.

J. K. Rowling ready with her Christmas gift for Harry PotterfansWritten by Ananya Das | New Delhi |
Posted: December 6, 2014 3:54 pm | Updated: December 6, 2014 3:55 pm
Renowned author J. K. Rowling is set to create magic in the 12 days leading upto Christmas, by opening yet again the gates of the wizarding world of Harry Potter for her fans.
Rowling announced on Friday via an email to Pottermore users, that the 12-day period– from December 12-23– will have one Potter story released daily at 1 pm GMT.
Pottermore is the author’s official site. The Potter fans will be tweeting #PottermoreChristmas this festive season, as Rowling will release moments from Half-Blood Prince, shiny gold Galleons and maybe even a new potion or two.
Rowling says at least one of the stories will focus on Potter’s rival, Draco Malfoy.
The author who rose to fame with the Harry Potter fantasy series, wrote 5,000 words for Pottermore about another auxiliary Potter character, Dolores Umbridge, back on Halloween.
Rowling has also authored several other books like The Casual Vacancy and The Cuckoo’s Calling and is the recipient of numerous awards and honorary degrees.

Indians top list of new migrants in Australi...Australia
(About 123,400 applied to…)
MELBOURNE: Indians have topped the list of new migrants in Australia with over 40,000 applying to migrate during 2012-13, according to a new report.
The statistics from the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development show there has been 46.6 per cent increase in the number of people becoming Australian citizens.
About 123,400 applied to become Australian citizens in 2012-13, the highest number since 2011-12, the International Migration Outlook report said.
Australia's Migration Programme has also seen a significant increase, with 40,100 India citizens applying to migrate during 2012-13, while China had 27,300 applications and the UK had 21,700, the Melbourne Age reported.
"There is a growing trend of Indian and Chinese citizens seeking citizenship in Australia for greater global movement," migration Law expert Sharon Harris said.
"India and China is without any doubt the most prolific source countries for pursuing visas and ultimately citizenship," she said
With an Australia passport, this opens up greater travel access globally.
Harris further said that the change in governments was particularly popular with Chinese citizens, who were attracted to the Abbott government.
"With the change of government they have more confidence in a stable political environment," Harris said.
The report further disclosed that 62,700 people whose temporary visas had expired or had been cancelled were living illegally in Australia.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Grozny: 20 dead in hours-long gunbattle between police and Islamic militantsBy: Associated Press | Grozny (russia) |
Posted: December 5, 2014 1:27 pm | Updated: December 5, 2014 4:12 pm
Police waged hours-long gunbattle with Islamic militants who attacked Chechnya’s capital on December 4, leaving at least 20 people dead and underscoring Russia’s vulnerability just as President Vladimir Putin used patriotic and religious imagery in his state-of-the-nation address to defend his standoff with the West.
The clashes in Grozny, the city’s biggest in years, dented a carefully nurtured image of stability created by Chechnya’s Kremlin-backed strongman after two separatist conflicts. The new violence raised fears of more attacks in Chechnya and widening unrest in the rest of Russia’s volatile North Caucasus region.
The Kavkaz Center website, a mouthpiece for Islamic militant groups operating in the North Caucasus, carried a link to a video message by an individual claiming responsibility for the attack. The man in the video said he was operating on orders from Emir Khamzat, reportedly a nom de guerre of Chechen warlord Aslan Byutukayev. The claim could not immediately be verified.
The insurgents in Chechnya and other Caucasus regions want to create an independent state governed by their strict interpretation of Islamic law. Some Caucasus militants have traveled to Syria and Iraq to join up with the Islamic State group. IS has vowed to launch attacks in Russia, but there have been no indications to date that it has followed through.
The fighting in Grozny began about 1 a.m., when roughly 10 gunmen riding in three cars fired on traffic police who had stopped them for a check, killing three officers. Some of the militants then holed up in a nearby office building and exchanged gunfire with police who quickly cordoned the area.
The battle left the 10-story Press House, which housed local media offices, gutted by a blazing fire that also spread to a nearby street market. Some gunmen fled to an empty school nearby. It took police more than 12 hours to kill 10 militants, according to Russian authorities, who also reported that 10 officers were killed and 28 wounded.
Russian state television showed video footage of police officers firing automatic weapons and grenade launchers at the three-story school, its windows left shattered and charred.
The gunbattles were still raging when Putin began delivering his address in an ornate Kremlin hall, and the Russian leader sought to cast the violence as a legacy of what he described as foreign support for Chechnya-based insurgents in the past.
“We remember high-level receptions for terrorists dubbed as fighters for freedom and democracy,” he said.
While Putin stopped short of directly blaming the West, his statement clearly referred to Western criticism of heavy-handed Russian tactics continued…

Vedas sole source of science and knowledge: Raman SinghBy: Express News Service |
Posted: December 5, 2014 10:05 pm | Updated: December 5, 2014 10:13 pm
Chhattisgarh Chief Minister Raman Singh is of the opinion that Vedas are the “first source of all kinds of science”.
Speaking at a “Veda and Vedic Culture meet” in a Gurukul of Mahasamund district on Friday, Singh said: “Vedas are the first source of all kinds of knowledge and science in the world. The knowledge ingrained in Vedas cleared the darkness of ignorance that had enveloped the world. Our Vedic literature contains a treasure of knowledge.”
Singh has thus joined a bevy of BJP leaders who have recently eulogized the ancient Indian culture saying it was the lone source of all knowledge and science.
Speaking at the occasion, Panchayat Minister Ajay Chandrakar said that several cultures have been destroyed in the course of time but “our eternal culture has sustained itself.”
“Our Sanatan Dharma has always moved ahead. India was a Vishwa Guru in ancient times, we can regain that status through Veda and Vaidic culture,” Chandrakar said.
Last week, another BJP minister Brijmohan Agrawal had said that Brahmins have been the sole custodian of Indian values and carry the responsibility of upholding the tradition.

Anton Devcich all-round show levels series for New ZealandBy: Reuters | Dubai |
Posted: December 6, 2014 9:53 am | Updated: December 6, 2014 9:55 am
New Zealand survived Shahid Afridi’s late onslaught to beat Pakistan by 17 runs in the second and final Twenty20 match to level the series 1-1 on Friday.
Captain Afridi hit three massive sixes as he blasted 28 off 11 balls but he fell to the final ball of the 18th over and Pakistan lasted five more deliveries before being bowled out for 127.
Ahmed Shehzad top-scored with 33 but Pakistan never really recovered from slumping to 24 for three. Jimmy Neesham claimed three for 25, including the prize wicket of Afridi, while Kyle Mills returned three for 26.
Put into bat, New Zealand got off to a strong start with skipper Kane Williamson (32) dominating a 49-run opening partnership with Anton Devcich (21).
Off-spinner Mohammad Hafeez triggered a collapse when he breached Devcich’s defence with a quicker delivery before Afridi struck twice to peg back the Kiwis. Afridi trapped Dean Brownlie leg before for a duck with a delivery that TV replays suggested would have missed the leg stump.
The leg-spinner then clean bowled Williamson as the Kiwis, cruising at 49 for nought in the seventh over, slid to 58for three.
Tom Latham contributed 26 while Luke Ronchi (31) hit Afridi for two successive sixes in a 19-ball cameo to help New Zealand chalk up a competitive 144 for eight.

Hockey Champions Trophy: India wary of weakened GermanyWritten by Mihir Vasavda | Bhubaneswar |
Posted: December 6, 2014 1:35 am | Updated: December 6, 2014 11:43 am
Is this your best chance to beat Germany, coach? The typically smiling Roelant Oltmans frowned. “They are, what, the Olympic champions? Eight times Champions Trophy winners?” he asked rhetorically. “It should answer your question.”
Oltmans was merely showing respect to India’s opening match opponent, which they have earned over all these years. But deep down, he and his players would know this is indeed the best chance they have to record a third win against the mighty Germans in this calendar year.
Not just because Germany have come to Bhubaneswar with a highly depleted squad, but also because the Indian team itself is riding high on confidence. It wouldn’t be an exaggeration to say that India have tasted more success in the last two months than the previous two decades put together. They won the Asian Games gold medal in October and followed it up with a first-ever test series win over Australia. And in the two practice matches they’ve played so far, they’ve looked quite sturdy as well.
However, the Champions Trophy, which gets underway here on Saturday, will be a litmus test for the high-flying Indians. Oltmans stood like a shadow as the players went through the penalty corner drills for nearly 30 minutes, mainly focusing on variations. In VR Raghunath, Rupinderpal Singh and Gurjinder Singh, India have three short corner specialists in their 18-man squad. It’s an area where the team has struggled against the well-organised European and Australian defences. But the return of Rupinderpal to training after skipping Thursday’s session came as encouraging news for the team.
Sardar Singh too took part in the entire training session but he looked in discomfort while sprinting . The India captain had quelled concerns over his availability minutes before stepping on to the turf, tweeting that he will fight hard to be fit for Saturday’s match. But Oltmans chose to wait till Saturday afternoon before taking a call on his fitness. “He looked quite good today(on Friday). We will have to see the reaction of today’s session on his body and will decide on his participation tomorrow (Saturday) before the match,” Oltmans said.
By their own lofty standards, Germany have had a dismal 2014. An under-strength German side could manage just a disappointing seventh place finish at the World League final, where they were beaten twice by India. That was followed by an even more disappointing sixth place finish at the World Cup in The Hague.
The results forced their coach Markus Weise to hold a crisis talk with his senior players before the Champions Trophy, which resulted in many of them being dropped. “In the months following the World Cup there has been a thorough analysis of our current situation. I have spoken to all the key players about their next career steps. continued…

Asha Bhosle to receive Lifetime Achievement Award atDIFFBy: Indo-Asian News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 6, 2014 4:22 pm
Legendary playback singer Asha Bhosle will be honoured with the Lifetime Achievement Award for her decades of dedication to Indian cinema at the forthcoming Dubai International Film Festival (DIFF).
The octogenarian singer is known for her incredible range and versatility, having recorded every style of music from film to folk songs, Indian classical music to pop songs, as well as ghazals and bhajans.
The veteran singer is glad about the honour. “I am delighted to have been nominated to receive this Lifetime Achievement Award from DIFF in Dubai – a place with long historic ties to my country. I look forward to visiting this special film festival, which has done so much work to promote the art worldwide,” she said in a statement released on the official site of the film festival.
DIFF Chairman Abdulhamid Juma also had good words to share about Asha. “Asha Bhosle is a stalwart of the Indian music scene, and we are proud to be honouring her with this DIFF Lifetime Achievement Award. Her work has touched almost every corner of the world: we look forward to welcoming such a legend to Dubai and DIFF,” said Juma.
The Lifetime Achievement Award is dedicated to honouring the world’s greatest film actors, writers, directors and producers. Previous winners include Martin Sheen, Omar Sharif, Faten Hamamah, Adel Imam, Jameel Rateb, Sabah, Morgan Freeman, Sean Penn, Amitabh Bachchan, Shah Rukh Khan, Daoud Abdel Sayed, Youssef Chahine, Rachid Bouchareb, Souleymane Cisse, Nabil El-Maleh, Oliver Stone, Danny Glover, Terry Gilliam, Yash Chopra, Subhash Ghai, Michael Apted and Mahmoud Abdel Aziz.
The film festival will start Dec 10 and will go on till Dec 17.

Dhoni could play 1st test for India in AdelaideUpdated: December 6, 2014 15:15 IST
Dhoni could play 1st test for India in Adelaide
AP
Tweet
The Hindu
India captain M.S. Dhoni could play the first test against Australia as he attempts to overcome a left fractured thumb before the start of the delayed series. File photo
TOPICS
Test cricket
India captain M.S. Dhoni could play the first test against Australia as he attempts to overcome a left fractured thumb before the start of the delayed series.
Dhoni, like his hamstring-injured Australian counterpart Michael Clarke, would have missed the originally scheduled first test in Brisbane. But the death of Australia batsman Phillip Hughes forced a rescheduling of the test series, with Adelaide now hosting the opener at the Adelaide Oval starting Tuesday and the Brisbane test set for a week later.
Dhoni flew into Adelaide on Saturday and will train with his teammates on Sunday.
Both teams are switching their focus back to the series after the death of Hughes, who died last Thursday two days after being struck by a ball while batting in a domestic match in Sydney.
“We are professional cricketers, we have to move on,” Indian paceman Ishant Sharma said on Saturday. “What has happened is really bad and everyone was really shocked (we) need to look forward to what is coming next for us and that is what we will do.”
“It was a very sad incident but cricket has to go on, the game will go on,” he said Saturday. “Mentally, everyone is focused to do well. When you go out on the park, the only thing is about how to perform and give your best. That incident of Phil Hughes will definitely be in everyone’s minds but when it comes to this game, we all be focused on how to do well and get the best result.”

Devendra Fadnavis  team: Portfolios allocated; Bharatiya Janata Party retains key departmentsNobel laureate Malala Yousafzai 'heartbroken' by Pak school attack
A day after getting Uddhav Thackeray’s Shiv Sena to join his government without having to give up the Dy chief minister’s post, a triumphant Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis today allocated portfolios to the 20-member council of ministers, including 10 of the Sena, who were inducted into his expanded cabinet.
The Sena did not get any ‘crucial’ portfolios like Home, Revenue and Water Resources. Also, Fadnavis had already made it clear that there won’t be a post of Deputy CM in his government.
The cabinet ministers who had taken oath yesterday were Girish Bapat (Bharatiya Janata Party), Girish Mahajan (Bharatiya Janata Party), Diwakar Raote (Shiv Sena), Subhash Desai (SS), Ramdas Kadam (SS), Eknath Shinde (SS), Chandrashekhar Bawankule (Bharatiya Janata Party), Babanrao Lonikar (BJP), Dr Deepak Sawant (SS) and Rajkumar Badole (BJP).
Subhash Desai of the Shiv Sena, a close confidante of Uddhav Thackeray, was alloted the Industries portfolio, previously held by BJP leader Prakash Mehta.
Sena leader Diwakar Raote, currently a member of legislative council and former Mumbai Mayor, has been given the Transport portfolio.
Eknath Shinde of Sena, a third time MLA and Leader of Opposition till yesterday will hold the charge of Public Works (including Public Undertakings) in the state ministry.
Sena leader Dr Deepak Sawant, who is currently an MLC, has been alloted Public Health and Family Welfare department.
Ramdas Kadam of Sena, an MLC, and a former LoP, has been made in-charge of Environment portfolio.
BJP leader Girish Bapat, sixth term MLA from Kasba Peth in Pune has been alloted Food, Civil Supplies and Consumer Protection, Food and Drugs Administration and Parliamentary Affairs.
Girish Mahajan, fifth term Bharatiya Janata Party MLA from Jamner in Jalgaon will hold charge of Water Resources.
Chandrashekhar Bawankule of Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), who is a third term MLA from Kamptee in Vidarbha has been alloted Energy, New and Renewable Energy portfolio.
Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader Babanrao Lonikar, a third time MLA and head of party’s Jalna district unit will hold charge of Water Supply and Sanitation portfolios.
Rajkumar Badole, a second term MLA from Arjuni Morgaon in Bhandara and a staunch supporter of Union Minister Nitin Gadkari will be in-charge of Social Justice and Special Assistance portfolio.
Those sworn in as Ministers of State were: Ram Shinde (BJP), Vijay Deshmukh (BJP), Sanjay Rathod (Shiv Sena), Dada Bhuse (SS), Vijay Shivtare (SS), Deepak Kesarkar (SS), Raje Amrish Atram (BJP), Ravindra Waikar (SS), Dr Ranjit Patil (BJP) and Pravin Pote (BJP).
Deepak Kesarkar, a former NCP MLA who switched loyalties to the Shiv Sena ahead of the Lok Sabha polls will be MoS for Finance and Rural Development.
Ravindra Waikar of Sena, a third term MLA from Jogeshwari here will be MoS for Housing, Higher and Technical Education.
Sanjay Rathod, who is Yavatmal district president of Shiv Sena and a third term MLA from Digras has been made MoS for Revenue department.
Vijay Shivtare of Shiv Sena who represents Purandar Assembly seat and is a second term MLA, will be MoS for Water Resources and Water Conservation department.
Dada Bhuse of Sena, who is a third term MLA from Malegaon will be Mos for Co-operation department.
Ram Shinde, a BJP MLA from Karjat Jamkhed seat will be MoS for Home (Rural), Marketing, Public Health and Tourism.
Vijay Deshmukh of BJP, who is third term MLA from North Solapur seat will be MoS for Public Works (Public Undertakings), Transport, Labour and Textiles.
Raje Ambrishrao Atram of BJP, who won from Aheri, will be MoS for Tribal Development. Dr Ranjit Patil, an MLC who represents Amravati graduates constituency will be MoS for Home (Urban), Urban Development, General Administration, Law and Judiciary and Parliamentary Affairs.
Pravin Pote of BJP will be MoS for Industries and Mining, Environment, Public Works (excluding public undertaking).
Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis will keep Home, Urban Development, General Administration, Law and Judiciary with himself.
Senior BJP leader Eknath Khadse will continue to hold Revenue, Minorities Development and Wakf, Agriculture and Horticulture, Animal Husbandry, Dairy development and Fisheries, and State Excise.
Former state BJP president Sudhir Mungantiwar will hold charge of finance and planning, and forest departments.
BJP leader Vinod Tawde will hold charge of School Education, Sports and Youth Welfare, Higher and Technical education, Medical Education, Marathi Bhasha and Cultural Affairs.
Prakash Mehta, MLA from Ghatkopar East in Mumbai will continue to hold Housing, Mining and Labour ministries.
Chandrakant Patil, an MLC, will hold Co-operation, marketing and textiles and Public Works (excluding public undertakings) department.
Pankaja Munde, who was made the state BJP core committee member after the death of her father and Gopinath Munde, will be in-charge of
Rural Development and Water Conservation, Employment and Guarantee scheme and Women and Child Development.
Vishnu Savara, BJP MLA from Vikramgadh seat in Palghar district, will be in-charge of Tribal Development department.
Vidya Thakur will be MoS for Women and child development, Food and Civil Supplies and Consumer Protection, Food and Drugs Administration.
Bharatiya Janata Party leader Dilip Kamble will continue to be MoS for Social Justice and Special Assistance departments.
TAGS: Bharatiya Janata Party Devendra Fadnavis Shiv Sena Uddhav Thackeray
More from miscellaneous

Army chief arrives in valley  says terrorist attack desparate attempt to disruptelectionsBy: Press Trust of India | Srinagar |
Posted: December 6, 2014 4:53 pm | Updated: December 6, 2014 5:09 pm
Army Chief General Dalbir Singh Suhag on Saturday said the attack on Uri camp in north Kashmir’s Baramulla district was a desperate attempt by militants to disrupt the democratic process in the state.
“It appears a desperate attempt to disrupt the third phase of elections. I assure the nation that these elements will not be allowed to succeed in disrupting the democratic process,” he told reporters here.
Gen Dalbir Singh, who arrived here on Saturday morning, also paid tributes to the slain security force personnel by laying wreaths on their coffins at a sombre ceremony at Badamibagh Cantonment here.
He paid tributes to the slain soldiers, which included an officer of the Lt Colonel rank, saying their sacrifice will not go waste.
“I salute the brave soldiers who laid down their lives in the line of duty. Their sacrifice will not go waste. In fact, it will inspire each of us,” he added.
The Army chief reviewed the security situation in the state in the wake of the Uri attack that left 11 security force personnel dead, and other militancy-related incidents that saw two Lashkar-e-Toiba militants getting killed in an encounter in Srinagar while two civilians also lost their lives in a grenade blast in Tral town of south Kashmir.
The Army chief was brief by the top army officers of the Chinar Corps about the counter-insurgency and counter- infiltration measures in place.

I am single so no one gets hurt: TaylorSwiftBy: Press Trust of India | Los Angeles |
Posted: December 6, 2014 4:42 pm
Country singer Taylor Swift, who gained infamy for making songs out of her break-ups, says she is single so that on one gets hurt. The 24-year-old singer says she decided to stay single intentionally, reported Billboard.
“I don’t have anyone whose feelings are on the line except for me,” Swift said in an interview. “If I was in love with someone right now, I don’t know how I would handle everyone else weighing in on our stories, because when you’re in a relationship there are a lot of secrets and a lot of sacred moments that you don’t want to divulge.”
Swift lasted dated One Direction’s Harry Styles till January 2013. Her other former romances include Conor Kennedy, Jake Gyllenhaal, John Mayer, and Taylor Lautner.
“I am 24, perfectly happy being alone. One of the reasons I’m perfectly happy being alone is that no one gets hurt this way. Like, have not gone on a date. People are going to feel sorry for me when you write that. But it’s true.” There are rumours that Swift has found romance with singer Matthew Healy but the singer is yet to confirm or deny.

Megan Foxs car hit by drunkdriverBy: Press Trust of India | Los Angeles |
Posted: December 6, 2014 4:32 pm
‘Transformers’ actress Megan Fox and husband actor Brian Austin Green were sideswiped near Mulholland Drive allegedly by a drunk driver on Thursday night. The star couple escaped unhurt in the accident though their vehicle was damaged badly.
Green, 41, was driving a Range Rover when a Mini Cooper going in the opposite direction crossed over the yellow line and violently sideswiped them, enough to blow a tire, reported TMZ.
The Mini Cooper spun around and eventually stopped. Police have arrested the Green called the Mini driver. The 35-year-old man was reportedly twice the legal limit.

INTERACTIVE: Schedule of the four Test series downunderWritten by Durgesh Haridas | New Delhi |
Posted: December 6, 2014 4:27 pm
Take a look at when and where the Indian team will be playing the four Test matches against the Aussies.

Roorkee: School boy killed in anexplosionBy: Express News Service | Dehradun |
Posted: December 6, 2014 4:24 pm | Updated: December 6, 2014 5:56 pm
A 10-year-old school boy was killed in an explosion that took place near a garbage dump site in Roorkee town of Hardwar district on Saturday afternoon. Incidentally, VHP was holding its function on the campus of DAV College, located a few yards away from the blast site.
Apart from forensic experts, Bomb Disposal Squad (BDA) has reached the spot. “It was a low intensity blast. One boy was killed in this incident,” Additional Director General RS Meena, who was camping at the blast site, told the Indian Express on phone.
According to Meena, the boy, along with his two friends, was on way from his school. At the time of blast, two boys were at considerable distance from the victim.
“He was coming behind them,” he clarified. He ruled out the possibility of terror link with this blast.
Reports reaching here from Roorkee said angry VHP workers have blocked the highway near Roorkee town.

2014 best year of job creation in US since 1...Barack Obama
("So far this year, our economy…)
WASHINGTON: 2014 is the best year of job creation in the US since the 1990s with 2.65 million new jobs created during the period with still one month to go, President Barack Obama said today as he defended his economic policies.
"So far this year, our economy has created 2.65 million new jobs. That's the most of any year since the 1990s - even with a full month to go. All told, our businesses have created 10.9 million new jobs over the past 57 months. And that's the longest streak of private-sector job creation on record," Obama said in his weekly address to the nation.
In November alone businesses created 314,000 new jobs, he said.
"And that's not a fluke - it keeps up the solid pace of job creation we've seen all year long. November was the tenth month in a row we've added more than 200,000 jobs," he said in his weekly web and radio address to the nation.
The President said that besides the job creation, overall wages are also on the rise.
"We also know that the upswing in job growth this year has come in industries with higher wages. Overall wages are on the rise. And that's some very welcome news for millions of hardworking Americans," he said.
"Because even though corporate profits and the stock market have hit all-time highs, the typical family isn't bringing home more than they did 15 years ago. And that still has to change. And a vibrant jobs market gives us the opportunity to keep up this progress, and begin to undo that decades-long middle-class squeeze," Obama said.
He asked the Congress to pass the budget to support faster growth.
"We need the outgoing Congress to pass a budget and keep our government open. A Christmas shutdown is not a good idea. Then, when the new Congress convenes in January, we need to work together to invest in the things that support faster growth in higher-paying jobs," he added.
Obama asserted there is still a lot of work to do together.
"But we do have real, tangible evidence of our progress. 10.9 million new jobs. 10 million more Americans with health insurance. Manufacturing has grown. Our deficits have shrunk. Our dependence on foreign oil is down. Clean energy is up," he said.
"More young Americans are graduating from high school and earning college degrees than ever before. Over the last four years, this country has put more people back to work than Europe, Japan, and every advanced economy combined," he added.
Obama said the United States of America continues to outperform much of the world.
"And we are going to keep it up until every American feels the gains of a growing economy where it matters most - in your own lives," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Prime Minister Narendra Modi must clear his stand on Article 370  says Omar AbdullahBy: Press Trust of India | Srinagar |
Posted: December 5, 2014 3:01 pm | Updated: December 5, 2014 3:26 pm
Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah on Friday said Prime Minister Narendra Modi should clear his stand on the issue of Article 370, a constitutional provision which guarantees special status to the state.
“He (Modi) is coming for elections. We hope the Prime Minister would issue some clarity on the issues on which campaigning is taking place and on which people have questions… As a Kashmiri, I would want to know what the Prime Minister wants to do with Article 370 and what is the agenda of the Centre (on the issue),” Omar told reporters here.
The chief minister was speaking on the sidelines of a prayer meeting at the mausoleum of his grandfather and former CM Sheikh Mohammad Abdullah on his birth anniversary.
Omar said the BJP had contested the Parliament elections promising to abrogate the Article, but had now “kept silent” on the issue as it was seeking votes from the people of Kashmir.
“Article 370 is such an issue on which the BJP has contested elections since the beginning. It has been just seven or eight months, when they sought votes from the people of Jammu and the country saying they would abrogate Article 370 if the people made them successful.
“Immediately after becoming a minister, Jitendra Singh had said they had started discussions on the abrogation of the article. Now that they are seeking votes from the people of Kashmir, they have kept silent on the issue of Article 370,” Omar said.

Action Jackson s Ajay Devgn: Its no fun romancing on screenWritten by Geety Sahgal | Mumbai |
Posted: December 5, 2014 1:00 am | Updated: December 6, 2014 9:23 am
He’s a man of few words, but Ajay Devgn has a keen sense of humour. When asked how it felt to romance three heroines in Action Jackson he retorted with ‘it’s no fun romancing on screen. When you are giving a shot, it does not matter who the actress is’! Devgn who has completed more than two decades in the film industry, has earned himself the label of an action hero and recently featured in three films, (Son Of Sardaar, Bol Bachchan and Singham Returns) that crossed the Rs.100 crore mark.
At a time when stars are flaunting their stardom, Devgn’s mercurial rise seems remarkably understated and subdued. Screen catches up with the actor who would rather let his work speak.
You have worked with Rohit Shetty and Prabhudheva, both directors who make films in the same space, entertainers with a good dose of action and humour. How would you compare the two?
Although both of them make action entertainers, their belief and style of film-making is completely different. Prabhu likes to make his characters and action more stylish, while Rohit keeps them more real.
But both are very honest towards their work.
How would you describe your character in Action Jackson, in which you sport three distinct looks?
I cannot talk much about my character, except that the three looks released in the media are aimed to create intrigue.
Your character looks like a complete contrast to the good cop you played in Singham Returns.
If I have done Singham Returns, I have also done Once Upon A Time In Mumbaai and Company in which I played a gangster. So, I have been appreciated as the underworld hero and as the cop.
Prabhudheva had mentioned that you lost almost 17 kilos for the film?
Yes. I lost a lot of weight because Prabhu wanted me to look lean, very different from the way I looked in Singham Returns. All physical transformations are difficult if you have to start from scratch, but if you have a decent body and a role comes along, it takes a month or so to tone up completely. Although, I don’t have six packs, my body is lean and well toned. Six pack abs are not very good healthwise. I would not want to promote six packs because, physically, it makes you very weak.
It took me a little time to prepare for the role because I had to train in sword fighting, something I had not done in a long time.
What are your expectations from the film?
I am keeping my fingers crossed, it has shaped up well and the buzz is also good. Everything seems very positive.
How would you compare the action of today to what you did in your debut film Phool Aur Kaante, almost 23 years ago?
Action was much more more difficult then. It’s easier now because we have safety equipments like using harnesses while continued…

CJI wants Lok Adalats to settle at least 10 ...You are here: Home > Collections > Hyderabad
Chief Justice of India HL Dattu wants Lok Adalats to settle at least 10 lakh cases this year
PTI Dec 6, 2014, 01.59PM IST
Tags:
Andhra Pradesh
(Chief Justice of India H…)
HYDERABAD: Chief Justice of India H L Dattu hoped that National Lok Adalats being held across the country today will help settle not less than 10 lakh cases.
Inaugurating the event at the High Court of Judicature at Hyderabad for the state of Telangana and Andhra Pradesh, the CJI advised the presiding officers of Lok Adalats at all levels to not exert pressure on parties to come to a settlement.
"Last year we succeeded in our attempt. We crossed beyond ten lakh cases throughout the country. Even this year, we have this big target to cross not less than ten lakh as we have done last year. At the end of the day, I will have necessary figures with me and I will certainly say my friends have done a good job and this time it requires some more efforts," the Chief Justice said.
He stressed that parties who come for settling their disputes should go with 'smile on their face'.
"What I see in Lok Adalats is a little bit of pressure on the litigants. In my view, the persons handling these matters should leave it to the parties concerned and allow them to settle that dispute between themselves amicably. Because from some quarters, we hear often that this statement that I (the party) was pressurised to sign certain documents.
In my humble opinion, that should not be done. We are not here to put pressure on the parties to settle a dispute. Their dispute requires to be settled most amicably between the parties. And when they go back, they go back with a smile and they should thank the people who presided over the matter," he added.
Kalyan Jyoti Sengupta , Chief Justice of High Court of Judicature at Hyderabad, said over 80,000 and 91,000 cases are placed before the Lok Adalats in Andhra Pradesh and Telangana States respectively.
A section of advocates held placards requesting the CJI to establish a separate High Court for Andhra Pradesh.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PK  is a family movie: Aamir KhanBy: Press Trust of India | Melbourne |
Posted: December 6, 2014 3:11 pm
Bollywood star Aamir Khan, who is awaiting the release of his upcoming film ‘PK’, says it is a complete family movie. In a bid to create pre-release buzz in Australia for the much-awaited movie, the 49-year-old actor revealed few details about the film to media here through video conferencing organised by the local film distributor company Mind Blowing Films.
“I have no scenes with Sushant Singh Rajput and it is a family movie. I did not have the opportunity to work with Sushant in this film,” Aamir said, adding his character is like Chaplanist. “It is a family movie and there is nothing objectionable in the movie. It has been seen by my mother and my kids,” Aamir said, while clarifying that his naked poster with a transistor on railway tracks is just a moment of the film.
In ‘PK’, Aamir would be seen sharing screen space with young star Anushka Sharma and Sanjay Dutt. “I must say that Anushka was a wonderful co-star to work with. With her I really enjoyed myself,” he said. Asked if he felt any sort of pressure while working with young actors who look up to him, Aamir said, “I don’t get pressured by young actors I work with. When I do the shot I’m in a moment.”
Without giving out details about the film, Aamir said although there is a lot of speculations about the film, ‘PK’ is essentially a drama. “It is not a political satire or any kind of satire.. but it is a film about how we are as people, essentially a drama,” he said, adding that director Rajkumar Hirani has tried to convey through humour.
Talking about his costumes in the film, Aamir said that the clothes have been picked up by various people. “All clothes I have worn have been picked up from someone. Costume designers were told that they have to walk around the streets and if they find something interesting they should request that person to give that in an exchange of money or other clothes,” Aamir said.
‘PK’ will hit theatres on December 19.

600 000 Filipinos flee as Typhoon Hagupit bl...You are here: Home > Collections > Storm
600,000 Filipinos flee as Typhoon Hagupit blows near
AP Dec 6, 2014, 03.42PM IST
Tags:
Denis McClean
(More than 600,000 people…)
MANILA: Haunted by Typhoon Haiyan's massive devastation last year, more than 600,000 people fled Philippine villages and the military went on full alert Saturday to brace for a powerful storm that was only hours away from the country's eastern coast.
Typhoon Hagupit - Filipino for ``smash'' or ``lash'' - was expected to slam into the central Philippines late Saturday and hammer parts of a region where Haiyan's tsunami-like storm surges and ferocious winds left more than 7,300 people dead or missing in November 2013. Hagupit weakened slightly on Saturday, but remained dangerously powerful and erratic.
``We're on red alert, so the entire armed forces is being mobilized for this typhoon,'' Gen. Gregorio Pio Catapang, head of the Philippines' 120,000-strong military, told a news conference after discussing last-minute preparations.
Army troops deployed to supermarkets and major roads in provinces in the typhoon's path to prevent looting and chaos and clear debris, all of which slowed the government's response last year, Catapang said.
Although it's unlikely to reach Haiyan's unprecedented strength, forecasters said Hagupit's maximum sustained winds of 175 kilometers (109 miles) per hour and gusts of 210 kph (130 mph) were strong enough to set off deadly storm surges and landslides and cause heavy damage to communities and agriculture.
With a whirling band of rain clouds spanning 600 kilometers (373 miles), Hagupit has gained speed and was moving westward at 16 kph (10 mph), according to forecasters.
In the central city of Tacloban , where Haiyan's storm surges killed thousands of people and leveled villages, news of the approaching typhoon rekindled painful memories. Many residents fled to storm shelters, a sports stadium and churches even before authorities urged them to evacuate.
``I'm scared,'' said Haiyan survivor Jojo Moro. ``I'm praying to God not to let another disaster strike us again. We haven't recovered from the first.''
The 42-year-old businessman, who lost his wife, daughter and mother last year in Tacloban, said he stocked up on sardines, instant noodles, eggs and water.
More than 600,000 people have been moved to safety, including in Tacloban. A UN humanitarian agency spokesman, Denis McClean , said in Geneva that it was one of the largest peacetime evacuations in Philippine history. It also was reminiscent of the evacuation of 1 million people along India's coastline before Cyclone Phailin hit in October 2013.
Nearly 100 domestic flights have been canceled and inter-island ferry services suspended, stranding thousands of people.
``We've not heard of villagers resisting to be evacuated,'' regional disaster-response director Blanche Gobenciong said. ``Their trauma is still so fresh.''
In Tacloban, residents stacked sandbags to block floodwaters. One McDonald's restaurant was closed and boarded up to prevent a repetition of Haiyan's deluge, which shattered glass panes and doors of business establishments, allowing looting to take place.
Disaster preparations widened after two agencies tracking the typhoon closely - the US military's Joint Typhoon Warning Center in Hawaii and the Philippine weather agency - predicted different directions for Hagupit.
The US agency said Hagupit (pronounced HA'-goo-pit) may veer northwest after coming inland and sweep past the southern edge of Manila , the capital city of more than 12 million people. The Philippine agency, known by its acronym PAGASA, projected a more southern path.
Regional disaster-response director Blanche Gobenciong said the unpredictable path made it harder to ascertain which areas would be hit, but added that everybody ``should prepare for the worst.''
``We have a zero-casualty target,'' she said. ``Just one loss of life will really sadden us all and make us wonder what went wrong.''
FEATURED ARTICLES

Shantiniketan: Bangladeshi student raped by local guardianBy: Press Trust of India | Shantiniketan |
Posted: December 6, 2014 4:03 pm
A Bangladeshi girl studying here was allegedly raped by her local guardian, who has been arrested by the police.
Birbhum Police Superintendent Alok Rajoria said on Saturdaythat the man, who had allegedly raped the girl, was himself from Bangladesh.
The girl in her complaint to the police said that she was being blackmailed by the man, who had taken her photographs.
The man was arrested from here on Friday night on the basis of the complaint lodged at Bolpur Police Station by the student on Friday, he said.
The girl was a residential student, while the accused stayed outside the campus.
A senior inspector of police has been assigned as the investigating officer in the case, the SP said, adding the girl was in hospital.

Ryan Reynolds hints at Deadpool returnBy: Press Trust of India | Los Angeles |
Posted: December 6, 2014 4:50 pm
Actor Ryan Reynolds has hinted that he will be starring in the upcoming ‘Deadpool’ movie. 20th Century Fox announced earlier this year that an X-Men spin-off movie based around mercenary Deadpool will hit cinemas in 2016.
Reynolds, 38, previously played Deadpool’s alter-ego Wade Wilson in ‘X-Men Origins: Wolverine’, and rumours have swirled for several years that he will play the character again in a spin-off, reported Deadline.
The actor fuelled those rumours even further by sharing an image of Deadpool’s iconic red-and-black mask on Twitter “Uh… It’s Chimichanga Time,” Reynolds tweeted in a reference to Deadpool’s catchphrase. Producer Simon Kinberg recently hinted that ‘Deadpool’ will be a “massive” part of the X-Men franchise moving forward.
Wade Wilson first appeared in Marvel Comics in 1991 as a villainous mercenary, and has since transitioned into being one of the most popular anti-heroes for the publisher. ‘Deadpool’ will release in cinemas on February 12, 2016 in the US and in the UK.

Food Poisionong: 2 dead  25 ill after takingprasadBy: Press Trust of India | Burdwan |
Posted: December 6, 2014 4:43 pm
Two women died and at least 25 others were hospitalised after eating ‘prasad’ in Purbasthali area of Burdwan district, hospital officials said on Saturday.
The affected people consumed prasad at a house in Vidyanagar village under Purbasthali I block after a puja
which was held on the occasion of ‘nabanna’, the harvest festival of Bengal, on Friday afternoon.
Hosts and guests were taken ill soon after and at least 27 were taken to Srirampur Rural Hospital where two women died because of food poisoning, officials of the hospital said.
While Lalita Debnath died on Friday, Lakshmi Bag died on Saturday morning. The latter is the mother of the person at whose house the puja was organised.

Al-Qaida kills US photojournalist  South African teacher held hostages inYemenBy: Associated Press | Sanaa |
Posted: December 6, 2014 5:07 pm | Updated: December 7, 2014 4:00 pm
An American photojournalist and a South African aid worker held by al-Qaida militants in Yemen have been killed in a failed US rescue attempt  , authorities said Saturday.
Speaking in Afghanistan, US Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said Luke Somers ” and a second non-US citizen hostage were murdered” by al-Qaida militants during the raid.
The aid group Gift of Givers later identified the second hostage as South African teacher Pierre Korkie, who the group said was to be released Sunday.
They said he was to be flown out of Yemen “under diplomatic cover, then to meet with family members in a ‘safe’ country, (and) fly to South Africa.” Hagel did not identify Korkie by name.
“Yesterday by the order of the president of the United States, US special operations forces conducted a mission in Yemen to rescue a US citizen Luke Somers and any other foreign nationals held hostage with him,” Hagel said. “There were compelling reasons to believe Somers’ life was in imminent danger.”
Lucy Somers, the photojournalist’s sister, told The Associated Press that she and her father learned of her 33-year-old brother’s death from FBI agents at 0500 GMT (12 a.m. EST) Saturday.
“We ask that all of Luke’s family members be allowed to mourn in peace,” Lucy Somers said from London. There was no immediate comment from security officials in Yemen’s capital, Sanaa.
Yemen’s local al-Qaida branch, Al-Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula, posted a video Thursday that showed Somers, threatening to kill him in three days if the United States didn’t meet the group’s demands, which weren’t specified. He was kidnapped in September 2013 from Sanaa.
The news of the failed rescue comes after a suspected US drone strike in Yemen killed nine alleged al-Qaida militants early Saturday, a Yemeni security official said before news of Somers’ death.
The drone struck at dawn in Yemen’s southern Shabwa province, hitting a suspected militant hideout, the official said. The official did not elaborate and spoke on condition of anonymity as he wasn’t authorized to brief journalists.
Later Saturday, tribal leaders said they saw helicopters flying over an area called Wadi Abdan in Shabwa province. American authorities rarely discuss their drone strike campaign in Yemen.
The strikes are despised by many in Yemen due to civilian casualties, legitimizing for many the attacks on American interests. At least six suspected militants were killed in an airstrike in the same province last month.
Before her brother’s death, Lucy Somers released an online video describing him as a romantic who “always believes the best in people.” She ended with the plea: “Please let him live.”
In a statement, Somers’ father, Michael, also called his son “a good friend of Yemen and the Yemeni people” and asked for his safe release.
Korkie was kidnapped in the Yemeni city of Taiz in May, along with his wife Yolande. His wife later was released returned to South Africa. A non-governmental group, Gift of the Givers, continued…

Army chief arrives in valley  says terrorist attack desperate attempt to disruptelectionsBy: Press Trust of India | Srinagar |
Posted: December 6, 2014 4:53 pm | Updated: December 6, 2014 5:09 pm
Army Chief General Dalbir Singh Suhag on Saturday said the attack on Uri camp in north Kashmir’s Baramulla district was a desperate attempt by militants to disrupt the democratic process in the state.
“It appears a desperate attempt to disrupt the third phase of elections. I assure the nation that these elements will not be allowed to succeed in disrupting the democratic process,” he told reporters here.
Gen Dalbir Singh, who arrived here on Saturday morning, also paid tributes to the slain security force personnel by laying wreaths on their coffins at a sombre ceremony at Badamibagh Cantonment here.
He paid tributes to the slain soldiers, which included an officer of the Lt Colonel rank, saying their sacrifice will not go waste.
“I salute the brave soldiers who laid down their lives in the line of duty. Their sacrifice will not go waste. In fact, it will inspire each of us,” he added.
The Army chief reviewed the security situation in the state in the wake of the Uri attack that left 11 security force personnel dead, and other militancy-related incidents that saw two Lashkar-e-Toiba militants getting killed in an encounter in Srinagar while two civilians also lost their lives in a grenade blast in Tral town of south Kashmir.
The Army chief was brief by the top army officers of the Chinar Corps about the counter-insurgency and counter- infiltration measures in place.

Fadnavis allocates portfolios; BJP retains key deptsFadnavis allocates portfolios; BJP retains key depts
PTI  Mumbai, December 06, 2014
First Published: 16:03 IST(6/12/2014) | Last Updated: 16:12 IST(6/12/2014)
Comments
Maharashtra chief minister Devendra Fadnavis on Saturday allocated portfolios to the twenty-member council of ministers, including 10 of the Shiv Sena, who were inducted into his expanded cabinet.
The Sena did not get any crucial portfolios like home, revenue and water resources. Also, Fadnavis had already made it clear that there won't be a post of deputy CM in his government.
The cabinet ministers who had taken oath on Friday were Girish Bapat (BJP), Girish Mahajan (BJP), Diwakar Raote (Shiv Sena), Subhash Desai (SS), Ramdas Kadam (SS), Eknath Shinde (SS), Chandrashekhar Bawankule (BJP), Babanrao Lonikar (BJP), Dr Deepak Sawant (SS) and Rajkumar Badole (BJP).
Subhash Desai of the Shiv Sena, a close confidante of Uddhav Thackeray, was alloted the industries portfolio, previously held by BJP leader Prakash Mehta.
Sena leader Diwakar Raote, currently a member of legislative council and former Mumbai Mayor, has been given the transport portfolio.
Eknath Shinde of Sena, a third time MLA and Leader of Opposition till on Friday will hold the charge of Public Works (including public undertakings) in the state ministry.
Sena leader Dr Deepak Sawant, who is currently an MLC, has been alloted public health and family welfare department.
Ramdas Kadam of Sena, an MLC, and a former LoP, has been made in-charge of environment portfolio.
BJP leader Girish Bapat, sixth term MLA from Kasba Peth in Pune has been alloted food, civil supplies and consumer protection, food and drugs administration and parliamentary affairs.
Girish Mahajan, fifth term BJP MLA from Jamner in Jalgaon will hold charge of water resources.
Chandrashekhar Bawankule of BJP, who is a third term MLA from Kamptee in Vidarbha has been alloted energy, new and renewable energy portfolio.

Millions evacuate as Typhoon Hagupit bears down on PhilippinesBy: Associated Press | Tacloban |
Posted: December 5, 2014 7:57 pm | Updated: December 6, 2014 12:51 pm
Haunted by Typhoon Haiyan’s massive devastation last year, more than 600,000 people fled Philippine villages and the military went on full alert Sunday to brace for a powerful storm only hours away from the country’s eastern coast.
Typhoon Hagupit Filipino for “smash” or “lash” was expected to slam into the central Philippines Sunday morning and hammer parts of a region where Haiyan’s tsunami-like storm surges and ferocious winds left more than 7,300 people dead and missing in November last year. The typhoon slightly weakened Saturday but remained dangerously powerful and erratic.
“We’re on red alert so the entire Armed Forces is being mobilized for this typhoon,” Gen. Gregorio Pio Catapang, head of the 120,000-strong military, told a news conference after discussing last-minute preparations.
Army troops deployed to supermarkets and major roads in provinces in the typhoon’s path to prevent looting and chaos and clear debris, all of which slowed the government’s response last year, Catapang said.
Although it’s unlikely to reach Haiyan’s unprecedented strength, forecasters said Hagupit’s maximum sustained winds of 185 kilometer (115 miles) per hour and gusts of 220 kph (137 mph) were strong enough to set off deadly storm surges and landslides and cause heavy damage to communities and agriculture.
In central Tacloban city, where Haiyan’s storm surges killed thousands and leveled villages, news of the approaching typhoon rekindled painful memories among survivors. Many readily fled to storm shelters, a sports stadium and churches even before authorities urged them to evacuate.
“I’m scared,” said Haiyan survivor Jojo Moro. “I’m praying to God not to let another disaster strike us again. We haven’t recovered from the first.”
The 42-year-old businessman, who lost his wife, daughter and mother last year in Tacloban, said he stocked up on sardines, instant noodles, eggs and water.
More than 600,000 people have been moved to safety, including in Tacloban. A U.N. humanitarian agency spokesman, Denis McClean, said in Geneva it was one of the largest peace time evacuations in Philippine history _ similar to the 1 million people who were moved last year along India’s coastline before Cyclone Phailin hit.
Nearly 100 domestic flights have been canceled and inter-island ferry services suspended, stranding thousands.
“We’ve not heard of villagers resisting to be evacuated,” regional disaster-response director Blanche Gobenciong said. “Their trauma is still so fresh.”
In Tacloban, residents stacked sandbags to block floodwaters. One McDonald’s store was closed and boarded up to prevent a repetition of Haiyan’s deluge that shattered glass panes and doors of business establishments, allowing looting by desperate survivors.
Disaster preparations widened after two agencies tracking the typhoon closely _ the U.S. military’s Joint Typhoon Warning Center in Hawaii and the Philippine weather agency _ predicted different directions for Hagupit.
The U.S. agency said Hagupit (pronounced HA’-goo-pit) may veer northwest after coming inland and sweep continued…

Gold prices plunge by Rs 195 on weak global ...Gold prices plunge by Rs 195 on weak global cues
PTI Dec 6, 2014, 03.17PM IST
Tags:
bullion market
(Bullion traders attributed…)
NEW DELHI: Gold prices plummeted by Rs 195 to Rs 26,675 per 10 grams at the bullion market in the national capital today due to a weakening trend overseas.
Slackened demand from jewellers and retailers at current levels also kept pressure on prices of the precious metal.
Silver followed suit and ended lower by Rs 200 to Rs 36,700 per kg on lack of buying support from industrial units and coin makers.
Bullion traders attributed the fall in Gold prices to a weakening global trend after the US added the largest number of jobs in almost three years, fuelling concerns that the Federal Reserve will move closer to raising interest rates.
Strengthening dollar against other currencies also reduced the appeal of bullion as an alternative asset, they said.
Globally, gold in New York dropped by 1.4 per cent to $1,190.40 an ounce and silver by 1.9 per cent to $16.25 an ounce in yesterday's trade.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity tumbled by Rs 195 each to Rs 26,675 and Rs 26,475 per 10 grams, respectively.
Sovereign, however, remained steady at Rs 23,700 per piece of eight grams in restricted buying.
Silver ready remained under selling pressure and shed another Rs 200 at Rs 36,700 per kg.
However, weekly-based delivery traded higher by Rs 200 to Rs 36,700 per kg on increased buying by speculators.
On the other hand, silver coins continued to be asked at last level of Rs 62,000 for buying and Rs 63,000 for selling of 100 pieces in scattered deals.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Pakistan says top al-Qaida militant killed i...Adnan Shukrijumah
(Shukrijumah held a position…)
ISLAMABAD: Pakistan's military said Saturday that soldiers killed al-Qaida's chief of global operations during a raid in the country's lawless tribal region, a man indicted in the US over a plot to bomb New York's subway system.
Adnan Shukrijumah was killed, along with two other suspected militants, in Pakistan's North Waziristan tribal area early Saturday, the military said.
"The al-Qaida leader, who was killed by the Pakistan army in a successful operation, is the same person who had been indicted in the United Stated," said a senior Pakistani army officer, who spoke on condition of anonymity as he was not authorized to talk to journalists.
Shukrijumah held a position that once was Sept. 11 mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed. The FBI lists the Saudi as a ``most wanted'' terrorist and had offered up to a $5 million reward for his capture.
Federal prosecutors in the US allege Shukrijumah had recruited the three men in 2008 to receive training in the lawless tribal region of Pakistan for the attack. The New York indictment links him to the Manhattan plot and a similar never-executed scheme to attack British subways.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Consumers to soon get choice to select power discom: Piyush Goyalcoal minister
(The Minister said competition…)
NEW DELHI: Consumers will soon be able to choose their power supply company as the government is making necessary amendments to the Electricity Act to enable this provision which is aimed at encouraging greater competition in the distribution sector.
Shifting focus from generation, the government plans to fix electricity distribution which is often described as the achilles heel of the power sector.
Power and Coal Minister Piyush Goyal today said the provision allowing the end-user to choose its distribution company is in the works.
"What we are looking at is allowing competition at last mile delivery so that consumers have a choice of supplier of electricity... it will also help states serve the people better," the Minister told reporters here at a CII event.
Goyal assured that wherever there are existing power purchase agreements, the interests of stakeholders will be protected, which will be done in consultation with the power regulator.
The Minister said the government will allow competition at the last mile or to the end-consumer without raising tariff or compromising on better customer service.
On being asked about allowing end users of electricity to select their power distribution firm, Goyal said it will be done gradually, adding that it was tried in Maharashtra but did not deliver the desired results due to some legal issues.
There were some hurdles under the Electricity Act of 2003, he said when asked why the proposed model did not work in that state. "We are trying to resolve those hurdles under the current amendment to the Electricity Act," he added.
Goyal further said that the government started the exercise of making amendments to the existing Electricity Act some time back and in the process has consulted several stakeholder from whom it has received numerous suggestions for consideration.
The move is aimed at reducing the losses of discoms as well as improving overall electricity supply.
As per the proposal, a new model where a power supplier will not manage the electricity distribution network, is being looked at.
It is on the lines of existing system in the United Kingdom which has separate suppliers and electricity network providers.
At present here, power discoms supply as well as manage network that provides electricity for residential as well as commercial purposes.
In a separate carriage and content model, the network would be owned by one company while the suppliers of electricity could be more than one.
Later, speaking at the India Economic Conclave event, Goyal said that the country will have 24x7 power supply just like Gujarat and Madhya Pradesh over the next five years.
"I am very confident come 2019, just like Gujarat and Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh, ... have 24x7 power for all, more than adequate power for farmers," he said.
Talking about framework for achieving 100 per cent power in India by 2019, the minister said, "Basically the industry has three critical elements. It needs fuel for production, we are addressing the coal problem through an e-auction with the private sector, and doubling the production in Coal India."
  He further said that stranded and stressed assets can get back on stream and all national assets created will get adequate fuel.
The minister further said that the government is looking at generating larger amounts of renewable energy.
"Teesta which is a project of strategic importance in Sikkim for 1200 mw of hydropower which is stranded for quite a long time got resolved in one and half meeting...Very soon we will get it into finalising," he said.
He said 50 billion dollar investment plan on transmission and distribution -- for which 10 billion dollars will come out of government support -- will help the states which are starved for funds strengthen the sub-way transmission and distribution network right up to the last mile.
The government is also looking at major amendments to the policy framework both in tariff policy and the electricity act. "We are also creating a new renewable energy policy," he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Reese Witherspoon to receive Palm Springs Film FestivalawardBy: Press Trust of India | Los Angeles |
Posted: December 6, 2014 4:56 pm
Actress Reese Witherspoon is to receive the Palm Springs International Film Festival (PSIFF) Chairman’s Award. The 38-yea-old actress is being recognised for her role as Cheryl Strayed in ‘Wild’ – an adaptation of Strayed’s memoir about hiking 1,100 miles up the Pacific Crest Trail following the death of her mother, reported Ace Showbiz.
PSIFF chairman Harold Matzner said: “Witherspoon delivers one of her finest performances in Wild. She brilliantly brings to life the true story of Cheryl Strayed, adding yet another iconic performance to her impressive 20-year span of characters.”
Previous winners of the award include Ben Affleck, Tom Hanks, Dustin Hoffman and Nicole Kidman. It was recently announced Witherspoon will be joining Kidman in a TV adaptation of ‘Big Little Lies’. The Palm Springs International Film Festival will be held between January 2-12, 2015.

van Persie  Rooney could start against SouthamptonBy: Reuters |
Posted: December 6, 2014 12:26 am
Southampton will be hoping Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal does not pair Wayne Rooney and Robin van Persie together in attack for Monday night’s Premier League fixture at St Mary’s.
Van Gaal said on Friday that Rooney would return from the knee injury that ruled him out of Wednesday’s 2-1 home win over Stoke City.
The United captain and Dutchman Van Persie have enjoyed a lot of success against Southampton in the past and may team up again, although Van Gaal can also call upon fit-again Colombia forward Radamel Falcao.
Rooney has struck five goals in as many starts for United against the south-coast club and Van Persie has also scored five against them including a hat-trick at St Mary’s two years ago.
Third-placed Southampton have lost their last two games, against Manchester City and Arsenal, but Van Gaal believes they can wind up in the Champions League qualifying positions at the end of the season.
“They have a very good squad,” the Dutchman told a news conference on Friday.
“I think they are able to finish in the first four but that’s also because I believe in the manager, in Ronald Koeman. I believe the cohesion there is good.”
The pair were involved in a high-profile bustup when they were at Ajax Amsterdam a decade ago.
“My relationship with Ronald Koeman doesn’t have to be described, that’s private,” said Van Gaal.
“We play against Southampton and we should talk about the team rather than the coach. After the game we can reflect on the relationship.”
United, one point behind Southampton in fourth spot, will be without Argentina winger Angel Di Maria because of a hamstring injury.

PM to meet CMs on reshaping Planning CommissionPM Narendra Modi to meet CMs on reshaping Planning Commission
IANS     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 6, 2014  | 18:01 IST
PM Narendra Modi (Photo: Reuters)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is expected to meet chief ministers of all states on Sunday to hear their views on the restructuring of the Planning Commission.
"Detailed consultations have been held with experts and economists and within the Planning Commission itself on its restructuring," Modi had said Friday in his first intervention during question hour in the Lok Sabha.
"We are just taking forward this process of giving shape to a new body", he added.
The prime minister made his intervention on a question listed by Vincent H Pala (Congress) and Saugata Roy (Trinamool Congress), both of whom were absent as they had boycotted proceedings over the continuation of Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti in the union council of ministers.
Indeed, it was the first time since his maiden Independence Day address to the nation that Modi has spoken on the need to reshape the Planning Commission.
Planning Minister Rao Inderjit Singh said last week that the commission will continue to perform its mandate till a new organisation replaces it.
Earlier, Modi had said in his Independence Day address that times had changed since the Planning Commission was created and a new institution would be set up "in a short span of time."
The prime minister had also invited ideas from the people on how to replace the 64-year-old institution with a body that can best serve India's governance needs in the 21st century.
Being a former chief minister who had to himself knock on the doors of the commission for money, Modi said the importance of federalism in India was increasing and institutions must address this reality.
The commission was set up to deliver on the Directive Principles of State Policy of the Constitution, which calls for people's welfare by securing and protecting a social order with justice and equity.
Formed by a resolution of the Government of India March 15, 1950, the commission started presenting the Five Year Plans from 1951 - disrupted a few times by the India-Pakistan war.
Currently, the panel is overseeing the 12th such plan, 2012-17.
Meanwhile, several states have complained that the plan panel, which more or less approves their annual plans, misuses its discretionary powers, even taking biased politically motivated decisions.
The panel's redundancy was also the conclusion of the Independent Evaluation Office set up by the commission itself under Ajay Chibber, a Stanford-educated former assistant secretary general of the United Nations.

Al-Qaida kills US photojournalist  South African teacher inYemenBy: Associated Press | Sanaa |
Posted: December 6, 2014 5:07 pm | Updated: December 7, 2014 4:00 pm
An American photojournalist and a South African aid worker held by al-Qaida militants in Yemen have been killed in a failed US rescue attempt  , authorities said Saturday.
Speaking in Afghanistan, US Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said Luke Somers ” and a second non-US citizen hostage were murdered” by al-Qaida militants during the raid.
The aid group Gift of Givers later identified the second hostage as South African teacher Pierre Korkie, who the group said was to be released Sunday.
They said he was to be flown out of Yemen “under diplomatic cover, then to meet with family members in a ‘safe’ country, (and) fly to South Africa.” Hagel did not identify Korkie by name.
“Yesterday by the order of the president of the United States, US special operations forces conducted a mission in Yemen to rescue a US citizen Luke Somers and any other foreign nationals held hostage with him,” Hagel said. “There were compelling reasons to believe Somers’ life was in imminent danger.”
Lucy Somers, the photojournalist’s sister, told The Associated Press that she and her father learned of her 33-year-old brother’s death from FBI agents at 0500 GMT (12 a.m. EST) Saturday.
“We ask that all of Luke’s family members be allowed to mourn in peace,” Lucy Somers said from London. There was no immediate comment from security officials in Yemen’s capital, Sanaa.
Yemen’s local al-Qaida branch, Al-Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula, posted a video Thursday that showed Somers, threatening to kill him in three days if the United States didn’t meet the group’s demands, which weren’t specified. He was kidnapped in September 2013 from Sanaa.
The news of the failed rescue comes after a suspected US drone strike in Yemen killed nine alleged al-Qaida militants early Saturday, a Yemeni security official said before news of Somers’ death.
The drone struck at dawn in Yemen’s southern Shabwa province, hitting a suspected militant hideout, the official said. The official did not elaborate and spoke on condition of anonymity as he wasn’t authorized to brief journalists.
Later Saturday, tribal leaders said they saw helicopters flying over an area called Wadi Abdan in Shabwa province. American authorities rarely discuss their drone strike campaign in Yemen.
The strikes are despised by many in Yemen due to civilian casualties, legitimizing for many the attacks on American interests. At least six suspected militants were killed in an airstrike in the same province last month.
Before her brother’s death, Lucy Somers released an online video describing him as a romantic who “always believes the best in people.” She ended with the plea: “Please let him live.”
In a statement, Somers’ father, Michael, also called his son “a good friend of Yemen and the Yemeni people” and asked for his safe release.
Korkie was kidnapped in the Yemeni city of Taiz in May, along with his wife Yolande. His wife later was released returned to South Africa. A non-governmental group, Gift of the Givers, continued…

Here s why this design firm is mistaken to b...(Naturally, Herta listed…)
By Joe Nocera
Herta Kriegner , a graphic artist from Austria, likes the German word "uber." It conveys, she told me recently, both a European sensibility and a sense of going "above and beyond" for a customer. In fact, she likes the word so much that 15 years ago, when she started her own small New York design firm, that's the name she gave it: uber.
Naturally, Herta listed uber's number in the Manhattan phone directory. She set it up so that after three rings the calls were routed to her cellphone. Her sister, Elena, a jewelry designer, also used the uber office space, and the two women shared the phone number. For the next 12 years, this arrangement worked just fine.
Then, about three years ago, another Uber moved to town - Uber Technologies Inc. , the app-based car company that is competing with taxis in cities all over the world. In New York, a city where the taxi monopoly has meant a chronic shortage of cabs, Uber has become very popular.
But unlike uber, Uber does not have a phone number listed in the Manhattan directory. Like many online companies, it believes in the efficiency of communicating via email. The messy business of actually talking to people, well, that's just so old-fashioned, isn't it?
Just because Uber doesn't want to talk to customers, though, doesn't mean customers don't want to talk to Uber. Sometimes there are problems that scream for human communication: an accident, a cellphone left in a car, a mix-up with a bill. And sometimes, even though online communications may be more efficient, people are simply more comfortable talking to another human.
Which is how it came to be that Herta and Elena Kriegner became experts in Uber's customer service, or lack thereof. When customers or drivers tried to find a number for Uber in Manhattan, they often wound up with the number for uber. At first, the calls came every few days. But as Uber has gained in popularity, the calls have come more frequently. Herta showed me a phone log listing more than 500 Uber-related calls that her little company has received just since August.
"I already had my first call this morning," Herta told me when I went to see her and Elena a few days ago. "It was 8:30. A woman wanted a ride to the airport. I told her she needed the app."
She and Elena have gotten calls from drivers who are having trouble with their applications or questions about their insurance. There are mornings when Herta wakes up, turns on her cellphone, and hears a voice mail from an unhappy Uber customer spewing expletives. Recently, she had to go to court to prove that a driver trying to get workers' compensation was suing the wrong Uber.
Early on, when Uber first learned of this problem, an executive named Ed Casabian told her that it was all because Yelp had mistakenly listed uber's phone number - and that when it was removed all would be well. The number was removed, but the calls kept coming. A short time later, she bumped into Casabian at a trade show, where Uber had a booth. She asked him why the company didn't talk to its customers or drivers.
"Because it's not in our business model," he replied, according to Herta. Thinking the issue was cost, she suggested that Uber set up a call center in India. "We don't want our customers to talk to someone in India," said Casabian.
"You would rather have them talk to me?" she asked.
These days, Herta and Elena get between one and 10 calls a day. Not long ago, a woman called to report that her daughter had been harassed by an Uber driver, and what should she do? Elena told her that Uber didn't talk to customers, and she should instead go to the police and then to the news media. (In a statement - emailed, of course - an Uber spokeswoman said that the company's "average response time" was less than an hour when customers emailed them with problems.)
As annoying as the calls have been, they have taught Herta and Elena a few things about what constitutes real customer service. One lesson is that many customers are always going to be more comfortable explaining a problem in a conversation with another person, rather than in an impersonal email. Yes, it's inefficient and cuts into profit margins, but companies that actually care about their customers do it anyway. Zappos' customer service number is on its home page. Amazon's isn't hard to find either.
This week, Uber raised $1.2 billion, giving it a valuation of $40 billion. The company's chief executive, Travis Kalanick , said that some of the money would be used to continue its breathtaking expansion. He also said that the company needed to "invest in internal growth and change."
Here's a suggestion: Hire some people who will answer the phone.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Half Girlfriend did not insult Dumraon  clarifies Chetan BhagatBy: Indo-Asian News Service | Kolkata |
Posted: December 5, 2014 11:40 am | Updated: December 5, 2014 11:48 am
Author Chetan Bhagat Thursday described his book “Half Girlfriend” as a work of fiction and ridiculed allegations that its contents had insulted the former kingdom of Dumraon in Bihar.
“‘Half Girlfriend’ is a work of fiction. It is a mere coincidence that a character Madhav Jha belongs to a royal family,” Bhagat said while addressing a seminar.
The author, who has penned popular books like “Five Point Someone”, “One Night at the Call Centre” and “The 3 Mistakes of My Life”, said he did not require a controversy to become popular.
“Madhav Jha does not exist. It appears some old kings of Dumraon are alleging I have insulted the kingdom. They wrote to me. I have replied politely. I said they have been instigated by someone. I also told them I have made Dumraon famous.

I touched her and she turned gay: Gays answers frequently asked stupid questionsWritten by Parmita Uniyal | New Delhi |
Posted: December 5, 2014 5:47 pm | Updated: December 5, 2014 5:49 pm
Thanks to certain babas, some controversial political outfits and of course the notorious section 377, Being Gay is not an easy thing in India. So when the SORTEDD team (Youtube channel) decided to head to the gay parade in New Delhi, they thought of posing some FASQs (Frequently asked stupid questions) to the LGBT community. And their replies are nothing short of classic.
Here’s listing some questions (FASQs) and their responses.
Q: HOW DO YOU BECOME GAY?
A: I ate something really wrong, and the next morning, I was puking rainbows
That’s because of Lady Gaga, you hear the song and you turn gay
Allergic reaction to spirituality. When you see Baba Ramdev, you want to be gay.
Q: IS BEING GAY CONTAGIOUS?
A: Sure sure, I touch her and she turns gay
Are you gay? (to the person who’s asking this question) You will be by the end of it
Growing up and watching gay people made me gay
Yeah, if I cough on you, you should go to the doctor immediately
I think it’s the infection worth giving
Q: DO YOU WATCH GAY PORN?
A: Saas bahu serials and watching Baba Ramdev is our porn
Q: WHY DON’T YOU JUST BECOME UN-GAY?
There is a whole process, first you have to go, take a bathe in Ganga and purify yourself
You have to go to Baba Ramdev’s rehabilitation camp
Watch the video here:

Terror strikes in J-K an attack on Indian democracy: ModiComments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi said on Saturday a string of militant strikes ahead of the third phase of assembly polls in Jammu and Kashmir was an attack on democracy as security agencies tightened security ahead of his first election rally in Srinagar.
Modi is due to address a campaign rally on Monday at Srinagar’s Sher-i-Kashmir stadium, which lies just 10 km from the site of one of Friday’s attacks which intelligence officials said were aimed at dissuading people from attending the event.
“This is a shameless attack on India’s democracy,” Modi told an election meeting in Jharkhand on Saturday, a day after the attacks in Kashmir that left 21 people dead. He earlier condemned the strikes as “desperate attempts” to derail the atmosphere of hope created by the high voter turnout in the first two phases of the election.
India’s brave security personnel gave a befitting reply to them, Modi said, while addressing an election rally at a packed Gandhi Maidan in Hazaribagh district which is set for the third phase of assembly elections on December 9.
Authorities, meanwhile, threw a multi-tier security cordon around the stadium and set up checkpoints across the city as police said Modi's rally could have been on the radar of militants. “Adequate security arrangements are in place for the rally,” said deputy inspector general of police Afadul Mujtaba.
Hurriyat Conference chairman Syed Ali Shah Geelani called for a shutdown to protest against the prime minister’s visit for his first public rally in the Kashmir Valley as the BJP makes its most serious bid yet to gain power in the Muslim-majority state.
Kashmiris will vote amid tight security in the third phase of the assembly election on Tuesday after an over 70% turnout in the first two rounds in defiance of a poll boycott call by separatists.
 
Unfazed by the string of militant strikes, thousands of BJP workers are ready to paint Srinagar saffron for the prime minister’s visit.
 
The party plans to deck up the city with some 6,000 banners and flags and organise thousands of roses in the dead of winter to make the rally a massive show of strength.
“The stage is set for the rally and we are sure the people of Kashmir will respond with a ballot for bullet,” said union minister and BJP spokesman Shahnawaz Hussain. “Modi lives in the heart of the people of the Valley. He has always been here when they needed him.”

Hagel visits Kabul  says Afghans will battle back Taliban threatHagel visits Kabul, says Afghans will battle back Taliban threat
AP
Kabul, Afghanistan , December 06, 2014
First Published: 13:16 IST(6/12/2014)
print
With striking optimism, Chuck Hagel said on Saturday on his final visit to Afghanistan as US defense secretary that he believes Afghans will successfully put down a surge in Taliban attacks in the capital and stabilize the nation.
Hagel arrived in Kabul on a previously unannounced trip one day after President Barack Obama declared that he would nominate one of Hagel's former deputies, Ashton Carter, to succeed Hagel, who resigned under pressure on November 24.
In an interview with reporters traveling with him from Washington aboard a military aircraft, Hagel was in a reflective mood about America's longest war. He recalled arriving in Kabul in January 2002 as a member of a congressional delegation when security was so dicey that the lawmakers arrived under cover of darkness and left before dawn. Hagel at the time was a Republican senator from Nebraska.
The Taliban, which had ruled Afghanistan since 1996, were forced from power in late 2001 just weeks after a US-led invasion prompted by the 9/11 terrorist attacks. But they recovered gradually after the US shifted its military focus to Iraq in 2003, and by 2008 the US was conceding that the war in Afghanistan was stalemated.
Hagel, on his fourth trip to Afghanistan as defense secretary, said it should not be surprising that the Taliban are still able to launch significant attacks in the capital.
"The Taliban are going to continue to have pockets of resurgence, and it's predictable that they would do everything they possibly could to disrupt" the new Afghan government under President Ashraf Ghani and Chief Executive Officer Abdullah Abdullah, Hagel said.
The Taliban clearly are aiming to disrupt the new government and undermine confidence in it. But Hagel said they have failed thus far and are unlikely to ever succeed.
"I have confidence in the Afghan security forces that they will continue to meet these challenges," he said.
Hagel said that during his visit he intended to discuss with Ghani and Abdullah the state of security in Kabul and ways that it can be improved. He said the main reason for his visit is to reinforce support for their new government, reiterate a long-term US commitment here and to thank American troops.
The US-led war in Afghanistan has lasted far longer than anyone predicted at the outset in October 2001, and the final result, after more than 2,200 US deaths, remains in doubt even as Obama officially ends the US combat mission on December 31.
Hagel said that in hindsight the struggle to prevent Afghanistan from reverting to a haven for al-Qaida has been difficult but worthwhile.
"As difficult, as challenging, as long as this has been, by any definition the country of Afghanistan, the people of Afghanistan, are far better off today than they were 13 years ago, if for no other reason than they have the opportunity to decide their own fate, their own way, on their terms," he said.
"They're not completely there yet, but they've come a long way and that's to the credit certainly of the United States," Hagel said.
At the peak in 2010-2011 the US had 100,000 troops in Afghanistan. The Americans have fought alongside troops from a coalition of countries, including Britain, Canada, Australia, Italy, Denmark, Turkey and Poland.
About 9,800 US troops are to remain after this year as part of a NATO mission, dubbed Resolute Support, to train and assist Afghan security forces and to carry out counter-terrorism missions. The US troop total is to shrink further to 5,500 by the end of next year but the pace of the decline is yet to be decided.
Hagel said he would be consulting with the top US commander here, army General John Campbell, about the troop drawdown and other issues.

High-sugar diet in fathers can lead to obese offspringBy: Press Trust of India | Berlin |
Posted: December 6, 2014 3:19 pm | Updated: December 6, 2014 3:24 pm
Scientists have found that increasing sugar in the diet of male fruit flies for just 1 or 2 days before mating can cause obesity in their offspring. Research has shown that various factors that are passed on by parents or are present in the uterine environment can affect offspring’s metabolism and body type.
Investigators led by Dr J Andrew Pospisilik, of the Max Planck Institute of Immunobiology and Epigenetics in Germany, and team member Dr Anita Ost, now at Linkoping University in Sweden, sought to understand whether normal fluctuations in a parent’s diet might have such an impact on the next generation.
Through mating experiments in Drosophila melanogaster, or fruit flies, the scientists found that dietary interventions in males could change the body composition of offspring, with increased sugar leading to obesity in the next generation. High dietary sugar increased gene expression through epigenetic changes, which affect gene activity without changing the DNA’s underlying sequence.
“To use computer terms, if our genes are the hardware, our epigenetics is the software that decides how the hardware
is used,” said Ost. “It turns out that the father’s diet reprogrammes the epigenetic ‘software’ so that genes needed for fat production are turned on in their sons,” said Ost. Because epigenetic programmes are somewhat plastic, the
investigators suspect that it might be possible to reprogramme obese epigenetic programmes to lean epigenetic programmes. “At the moment, we and other researchers are manipulating the epigenetics in early life, but we don’t know if it is possible to rewrite an adult programme,” said Ost.
The research was published in the Cell Press journal Cell.

Silence is the only source of my voice: Shah RukhKhanBy: Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 6, 2014 5:14 pm
Superstar Shah Rukh Khan seems to be inspired by Bollywood’s noted dialogue ‘Khamosh’. The actor feels that sometimes silence can speak a thousand words.
“More & more I realise with my interactions with people….sometimes silence is the only source of my voice,” Shah Rukh tweeted.
Meanwhile, there is a gala mood across the nation with the Shah Rukh starrer romantic film “Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge” completing 1,000 weeks Dec 12.

Avicii spends USD 350 000 on termiteinfestationPosted: December 6, 2014 5:07 pm
Popular DJ Avicii has splashed out USD 350,000 to repair his house from damage done by termites.
The 25-year-old star decided to spend the huge sum after several hundred thousand insects caused some serious damage to his USD 15.5 million Hollywood Hills mansion, reported TMZ.
The ‘Wake Me Up’ hitmaker also paid for renovation work. He plans to convert his garage into a living space to enjoy the view of the city. The house features a security system which uses fingerprint technology, has five bedrooms, seven bathrooms and breathtaking views of California.

Babri Masjid dispute: Backdoor diplomacy an unlikely solutionWhen Hashim Ansari — one of the oldest litigants in Babri Masjid case — threatened to withdraw from the case, tired over never-ending lawsuit, it once again put the spotlight on the dim chances of an out-of-court settlement.
Hashim Ansari, 96, is not the lone voice seeking a resolution to the dispute.
After the demolition of the Babri Masjid on December 6, 1992, several attempts were made to negotiate peace. But there was no breakthrough as both sides dug in their heels with each claiming their right on the disputed property.
The convenor of Babri Masjid committee, Qasim Rasool Ilyas, said there had been at least a dozen failed attempts to reach a compromise.
On  September 30, 2010, the Allahabad high court (HC) gave its verdict to trifurcate 1,500sqm of disputed land into three parts — Ramlala, Nirmohi Akhara and central Sunni Waqf board. However, the All India Muslim Personal Law Board (AIMPLB) — a private body working to protect Muslim personal laws — went on appeal to the apex court.
In an affidavit in the Supreme Court, it ruled out the possibility of an out-of-court settlement. However, there were dissenting views in the AIMPLB as a section wanted to accept the HC verdict.
In October 2010, president of Jamiat Ulema Hind Maulana Mahmood Madni asked the community to accept the HC verdict. The cleric said the acceptance of the verdict would be in larger interest.
In August 2013, VHP chief Ashok Singhal met Samajwadi Party president Mulayam Singh Yadav to find a solution to the problem. The VHP leader wanted Yadav, who is popular among clerics, to convince Muslim leaders to accept an out-of-court settlement. Angered by the meeting, urban development minister Azam Khan came out furious.
Similarly, the Congress’ Digvijaya Singh made a bid to resolve the issue in 2011 when he attempted to bring AIMPLB members to the negotiating table, only to be rebuffed.

Paaya to parantha  chikki to chaat: It s feasting time on Delhi streetsprint
It's hard not to be enraptured by the sheer theatricality of street food in Delhi. And as the first whiff of winter sets in, the aroma of surprisingly simple yet delicious cold weather treats begins to magically waft around every corner of the city. From the ubiquitous thelas selling mounds of roasted peanuts to slow-roasted shakarkandi (sweet potatoes) served with occassional slices of kamrakh (starfruit), the variety of food and the nutritious science behind  all of it (nuts keep the body warm in winters and shakarkandi with its low glycemic index is a winter superfruit) begins to preoccupy the average Dilliwala.
Chef Ashwani Kumar Singh, from Kempinski Ambience Hotel says, "Indian cuisine is the only one in the world that has been adopted by Ayurveda. Every ingredient has health benefits associated with it." So perhaps it's best not to spend foggy winter mornings lingering over frothy Starbucks cappuccinos and instead opt for the poor man's power breakfast of paaya and nihari. And if that's not enough, unleash yourself on the amazing variety of parathas, chikkis, kababs, and rich desserts that are best savoured at street food stalls at this time of year.
GOBHI, MOOLI, ANDA PARANTHA
Parantha is a staple on the breakfast menu at most north Indian households. While aloo parantha is an all-season favourite, the winter months bring seasonal stuffings like mashed and stir-fried cauliflower and shredded radish on flatbreads coated with egg. A great start to the day and a good way to end it too, it isn't surprising that the city's roadside stalls do brisk business in stuffed paranthas during the winter. Where: Paranthewali Gali in the old city is rightly famous but excellent paranthas can also be had at: Paranthawala near Moolchand hospital; opposite link house in Bahadur Shah Zafar Marg; in front of Vikram Hotel, Lajpat Nagar IV.
Price: Rs 20 onwards
MOONGFALI CHIKKI & GAJAK
Feasting on chikki that's a combination of melted jaggery and groundnuts is de rigueur during Delhi winters. Ram, who plies his pushcart in central Delhi, swaps his business of selling bananas for chikki and rewari during the winter month. "The best chikkis have a dark hue as it suggests good quality gur (jaggery) is used.  But if it is yellow toned, the gur is substandard," he says.
Where:  Kothi Shri Mandir in Khari Baoli is a gali dedicated to chikkis. Kanwarji's at Chandni Chowk sells slightly upmarket variations such as rose petal chikki and anjeer chikki
Price:  Rs 40 for 250 gms approx.
PAAYA & NIHARI
An elaborately-prepared soupy dish cooked overnight, the true gourmand appreciates paaya. The recipe involves stewing totters overnight until the bone softens releasing gelatin and giving the gravy a  slippery texture. Paaya is believed to be a healthy tonic for colds. Another popular winter treat, the nihari is made from the thigh meat of goat or buffalo that is simmered overnight and garnished with ginger.
Where: Kallu Nihari behind Delite Cinema, Darya Ganj; Shabrati Nihari, Chitli Kabar, Jama Masjid; Javed Nihari, Zakir Nagar, Okhla
Price:  Rs. 40 onwards for a plate
DAULAT KI CHAAT
Light and frothy, this delicacy tastes like it could have been evolved by the finest modern molecular gastronomists. However, it's a traditional native Delhi dessert that's sold only during the winter months. Daulat ki chaat is prepared by whisking milk for hours until it becomes a light foam. The top layer is collected and drizzled with saffron milk,khoya, nuts and powdered sugar. Daulat ki chaat even made a rare guest appearance in Aankhon Dekhi, Rajat Kapoor's film set in the old city.
Where: Khemchand Khomcha, Kinari Bazaar; Pushcarts on the Red Fort stretch.
Price: Rs 30 onwards
TANDOORI TIKKAS & BURRAS
Come winters and the idea of standing at a roadside stall to savour freshly skewered kebabs with the scent of coal (and smog) wafting in the air seems romantic enough. Javed Bhai, who was earlier at Khan Market and now runs Al-Javed at Defence Colony, prepares what are perhaps the most succulent melt-in-mouth kakori kebabs in town. The secret, he says, "lies in the special spice mix we use."
Where: 3, Back lane, Defence Colony market.  Also check out pushcarts opposite Gate No.1 Jama Masjid
Price:  Rs 180 owards
GAJAR KA HALWA
A winter specialty, almost every family indulges in the routine of preparing this ghee-khoya laden grated carrot treat. But if you are not in a mood to toil in the kitchen, some of the popular halwais stock authentic preparations.
Where: Bengali Sweet House, Bengali Market; Gopala, GK 2
Price: Rs 40 approx for a 100gm serving

WATCH: Aamir is Anushkas Nanga Punga Dost in new PK songComments
Talk about how to create a buzz around your film before it is released, Raj Kumar Hirani must indeed be congratulated for unleashing a tsunami of expectation around his Aamir Khan-starrer PK. Just when we thought the hype can't get any bigger, here's the latest from the camp: Hirani & Co released a new song from the film, called Nanga Punga Dost!
Watch: Nanga, punga dost from PK
The song features Anushka Sharma recalling the moments she spent with Khan’s character in the film. She remembers Aamir as a Nanga punga, tinga sa dost who is fond of mischievous situations. Though it doesn’t reveal any new visuals, the song clearly gives the viewers an insight about the film’s premise. It also talks about the origin of Aamir’s character but it doesn’t reveal anything new about it.
Voiced by Shreya Ghosal, song is composed by Shantanu Moitra. The film is scheduled to hit the screens on December 19, 2014.
comment Note: By posting your comments here you agree to the terms and conditions of www.hindustantimes.com

Top al Qaeda leader killed in raid in PakistanPakistan says top al Qaeda militant killed in raid
AP
print
The Pakistan military issued a statement saying Adnan El Shukrijumah was killed in a raid in Pakistan. (AFP Photo)
Pakistani soldiers killed a top al Qaeda operative Saturday who was indicted in the US for his alleged involvement in a plot to bomb New York's subway system, the military said in a statement.
The death of Adnan Shukrijumah is the latest blow to the terror organization still reeling from the 2011 killing of leader Osama bin Laden and now largely eclipsed by the militant Islamic State group. It also marks a major achievement for the Pakistani military, which mounted a widespread military operation in the northwest this summer.
The military announced Shukrijumah's death in a statement, saying that he was killed along with two other suspected militants in Pakistan's South Waziristan tribal area early Saturday. South Waziristan is part of the mountainous territory bordering Afghanistan that is home to various militant groups fighting both in Afghanistan and Pakistan.
"The al Qaeda leader, who was killed by the Pakistan army in a successful operation, is the same person who had been indicted in the United Stated," said a senior Pakistani army officer, who spoke on condition of anonymity as he was not authorized to talk to journalists.
As al Qaeda head of external operations, the 39-year-old Shukrijumah occupied a position once held by Sept. 11 mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed. The FBI lists Shukrijumah, a Saudi national, as a "most wanted" terrorist and the US State Department had offered up to a $5 million reward for his capture.
Federal prosecutors in the US allege Shukrijumah had recruited three men in 2008 to receive training in the lawless tribal region of Pakistan for the subway attack. The three traveled to Pakistan to avenge the US invasion of Afghanistan but were persuaded by al Qaeda operatives to return to the United States for a suicide-bombing mission against a major target such as the New York Stock Exchange, Times Square or Grand Central Terminal.
Eventually, the men settled on a plot to blow themselves up at rush hour, according to testimony in federal court. Attorney General Eric Holder has called that New York plot one of the most dangerous since 9/11.
Adis Medunjanin, originally from Bosnia, was sentenced to life in prison in November 2012 for his role in a foiled 2009 plot. Najibullah Zazi and Zarein Ahmedzay cooperated with the government in the hopes of getting a reduced sentence.
After the Sept. 11 terror attacks, Shukrijumah was seen as one of al Qaeda's best chances to attack inside the US or Europe, captured terrorist Abu Zubaydah told US authorities. Shukrijumah studied computer science and chemistry at a community college in Florida and is thought to be the only al Qaeda leader to have once held a US green card. He lived in Miramar, Florida, with his mother and five siblings.
He had come to South Florida in 1995 when his father, a Muslim cleric and missionary trained in Saudi Arabia, decided to take a post at a Florida mosque after several years at a mosque in Brooklyn.
But at some point in the late 1990s, the FBI says Shukrijumah became convinced that he must participate in "jihad," or holy war, to fight perceived persecution against Muslims in places like Chechnya and Bosnia. He eventually went to a training camp in Afghanistan where he studied the use of weapons, explosives and battle tactics.
When the FBI showed up to arrest him as a material witness to a terrorism case in 2003, he had already left the country.
In 2004, then-Attorney General John Ashcroft called Shukrijumah a "clear and present danger" to the United States. Experts said what made him so dangerous was his firsthand knowledge of the United States. There was no immediate comment from the US to the news of Shukrijumah's death.
The Pakistani military said that Shukrijumah had recently moved from the North Waziristan tribal area to South Waziristan to avoid a military operation the Pakistanis launched in June in North Waziristan. The military said he was hiding in a compound when he was killed but gave few other details about the raid. One Pakistani soldier was killed and another seriously wounded during the assault, the military said.
Pakistan's army spokesman, Maj. Gen. Asim Saleem Bajwa, said on Twitter that five "terrorists" also were detained in the raid.
The United States has been pushing Pakistan for years to launch an operation in North Waziristan, the last area of the tribal region bordering Afghanistan where the Pakistani military had not forcefully moved to root out militants. The military says they have killed 1,200 militants in the North Waziristan operation and cleared 90 percent of the territory.
Shukrijumah's death is a significant success for Pakistan's military, Pakistani security analyst Zahid Hussain said.
"They seem to have developed a strong intelligence networks in the tribal areas," he said.

PM Modi to meet CMs tomorrow; discuss structure of new Planning CommissionPrime Minister Narendra Modi to meet Chief Ministers tomorrow; discuss structure of new Planning Commission
PTI Dec 6, 2014, 04.46PM IST
Tags:
agenda Planning Secretary
(The new Plan panel may have…)
NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Narendra Modi will meet Chief Ministers tomorrow to discuss the structure, scope and role of the new body that will replace Planning Commission in the changed economic scenario under the new government.
"The Prime Minister will seek the views of Chief Ministers on the shape and functions of the body which would replace the Planning Commission," said an official source.
According to Finance Minister Arun Jaitley: "Empowering the states has been one of our critical beliefs. I do hope that after tomorrow's meeting, whatever decision will be taken, probably states will be in better position."
As per the agenda, Planning Secretary Sindhushree Khullar will make a presentation on the functions and contours of the new institution which will ultimately replace the Plan panel.
After the presentation, the Chief Ministers would be asked to give their views on the different points highlighted in the concept note prepared after consultations with various stakeholders like experts, former members and senior officials of the Commission and others.
The new institution may have 8 to 10 regular or executive members with half of them representing the states. The remaining members could be sectoral experts such as environmentalists, financial experts, engineers, scientists and other eminent scholars form different fields.
The new body may be headed by the Prime Minister as the chairman position would be ex-officio.
It is suggested that the new institution would have functions including monitoring and evaluation; programme project and scheme evaluation; cross-sectoral and inter- ministerial expertise and appraisal and monitoring of projects.
The Commission has not been reconstituted since May, when all its members resigned after the new government came to power following the general elections.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Roorkee: Blast near venue of BJP meet  one deadComments
A 12-year-old boy was killed in a blast in Roorkee on Saturday near a college where BJP MLA Sangeet Som, an accused in the Muzaffarnagar riots, was attending a meet on the 22nd anniversary of Babri mosque demolition.       
The victim was identified as Tushar Dhiman, a student in the local school. The police suspect a crude bomb caused the blast.
Som, MLA of Sardhana in Uttar Pradesh, was at the function organised by the BJP and the Vishva Hindu Parishad (VHP) when the blast occurred. The site of the blast was barely 20 metres away from the meet.
Uttarakhand chief minister Harish Rawat expressed grief over Dhiman’s death and said the police were conducting a probe into the incident. BJP state president Tirath Singh Rawat questioned the timing of the blast.  In Ayodhya, the anniversary of the demolition passed without incident. Security had been beefed up across the city with about 10,000 security personnel deployed along with imposition of prohibitory orders.
Ram Janmabhoomi Nyas president Mahant Nritya Gopal Das on Saturday said he, along with other prominent saints of Ayodhya would meet Prime Minister Narendra Modi soon and request him to move a bill in Parliament for construction of a Ram temple in Ayodhya. He added that he hoped the temple would be constructed within a year.
Two Shiv Sainiks were injured in a minor scuffle with policemen in Muzaffarnagar as they were going in a procession to mark the anniversary of the demolition. In another incident, police forcibly removed VHP and Bajrang Dal activists, who had organised a ‘yagya’ to mark the occasion.
A shutdown was observed in parts of Hyderabad on a call given by some Muslim groups to demand reconstruction of the demolished mosque at its original site in Ayodhya.

Shekhar Kapur not celebratingbirthdayBy: Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 6, 2014 5:18 pm
Filmmaker Shekhar Kapur, who turned 69 Saturday, is in no mood to celebrate his birthday as he is saddened by the terrorist strikes in Jammu and Kashmir.
“No, I am not celebrating on my birthday. How can I when our citizens and jawans are being killed in brazen terrorist attacks? #Kashmir,” he tweeted Saturday.
Twenty one people, including eight soldiers, were killed in a string of attacks across Kashmir Friday. The brazen militant strikes shook the entire world with the US strongly condemning the attacks.
Meanwhile, veteran actress Shabana Azmi wished the filmmaker on the micro-blogging site. “Happy birthday @shekharkapur. Have a super year,” she tweeted.
Kapur has not only proved his mettle in Bollywood but in Hollywood as well. From “Masoom”, “Mr India”, “Bandit Queen” to “Elizabeth”, all his movies highlighted a different genre.

MS Dhoni may captain in Adelaide Test  suggests ShikharDhawanBy: Press Trust of India |
Posted: December 6, 2014 5:48 pm | Updated: December 6, 2014 7:23 pm
In what would come as a change of plan for the Indian cricket team, Mahendra Singh Dhoni might captain the side in the opening Test against Australia as he has joined the squad well in time for the four-match series, which had to be rescheduled following Phillip Hughes’ death.
Dhoni, nursing a palm injury, was meant to take over from the second Test onwards, originally scheduled here from December 12.
But due to the rescheduling of the start of the series from December 4 (Brisbane) to December 9 (Adelaide), the regular captain could make the playing XI from the very beginning.
Batsman Shikhar Dhawan on Saturday stated that stand-in skipper Virat Kohli will have to wait a little more to lead the side given that Dhoni has arrived in time for the opening Test.
“Both are aggressive captains. But there is a certain difference. Virat is a lot more charged up on the field. It is enjoyable playing under both of them. It might be a longer wait for Virat to lead India in Test cricket since Dhoni is here now,” Dhawan said.
The focus is slowly shifting back to cricket after a week of emotional turmoil owing to Hughes’ death and Dhawan said he is looking forward to the challenge of facing Mitchell Johnson’s pace in the series.
“He is one of the best bowlers in the world. He has got good raw pace. But we have practised playing against such pace. Also, I have faced him a lot of times back in India in international matches and in the IPL. Yes, I will be facing him for the first time in Australia, so it is going to be a good challenge. Hopefully I will enjoy batting against him here,” said Dhawan in a press conference in Adelaide.
“I feel it is important to have an aggressive opening batsman. Not in Australia, but in today’s cricket in general.
It helps turn things around quickly for your team and helps gain momentum. I would love to play that role for my side and it will be very good for us if I can pull it off,” he added.
Dhawan had made his debut against Australia at Mohali in the 2013 home series. It was a special innings as he smacked the fastest Test century on debut and finished with 187 runs off 174 balls. Since then he has become a permanent fixture of the Indian Test XI but his form on away tours has been erratic.
He did well in New Zealand, but failed to impress in South Africa and England against better quality attacks. On that latter tour, he was also dropped after the third Test in favour of Gautam Gambhir.
“It is an important tour and all of us are looking forward continued…

Terror strikes in Kashmir an attack on Indian democracy: PM ModiComments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi said on Saturday a string of militant strikes ahead of the third phase of assembly polls in Jammu and Kashmir was an attack on democracy as security agencies tightened security ahead of his first election rally in Srinagar.
Modi is due to address a campaign rally on Monday at Srinagar’s Sher-i-Kashmir stadium, which lies just 10 km from the site of one of Friday’s attacks which intelligence officials said were aimed at dissuading people from attending the event.
“This is a shameless attack on India’s democracy,” Modi told an election meeting in Jharkhand on Saturday, a day after the attacks in Kashmir that left 21 people dead. He earlier condemned the strikes as “desperate attempts” to derail the atmosphere of hope created by the high voter turnout in the first two phases of the election.
India’s brave security personnel gave a befitting reply to them, Modi said, while addressing an election rally at a packed Gandhi Maidan in Hazaribagh district which is set for the third phase of assembly elections on December 9.
Authorities, meanwhile, threw a multi-tier security cordon around the stadium and set up checkpoints across the city as police said Modi's rally could have been on the radar of militants. “Adequate security arrangements are in place for the rally,” said deputy inspector general of police Afadul Mujtaba.
Hurriyat Conference chairman Syed Ali Shah Geelani called for a shutdown to protest against the prime minister’s visit for his first public rally in the Kashmir Valley as the BJP makes its most serious bid yet to gain power in the Muslim-majority state.
Kashmiris will vote amid tight security in the third phase of the assembly election on Tuesday after an over 70% turnout in the first two rounds in defiance of a poll boycott call by separatists.
 
Unfazed by the string of militant strikes, thousands of BJP workers are ready to paint Srinagar saffron for the prime minister’s visit.
 
The party plans to deck up the city with some 6,000 banners and flags and organise thousands of roses in the dead of winter to make the rally a massive show of strength.
“The stage is set for the rally and we are sure the people of Kashmir will respond with a ballot for bullet,” said union minister and BJP spokesman Shahnawaz Hussain. “Modi lives in the heart of the people of the Valley. He has always been here when they needed him.”

How India staved off Maldives water crisisNEW DELHI, December 5, 2014
Updated: December 5, 2014 19:42 IST
How India staved off Maldives’ water crisis
National Bureau
Tweet
AP
A Maldivian woman carries bottles of drinking water, received free from a distribution centre in capital Male on Friday.
PTI
India sent drinking water to Maldives after water was cut off to more than 100,000 residents in the capital Male because of a fire in the city's water treatment plant. The Indian Air Force dispatched five planeloads of drinking water, which will be followed by another five on Saturday.
TOPICS
international relations
After a series of late night calls on Thursday, India dispatched “water aid” to the Maldivian capital of Male, after a fire destroyed the generator of its biggest water treatment plant. On Friday, the Indian Air Force dispatched five planeloads of drinking water, which will be followed by another five on Saturday. Two naval warships, the INS Sukanya and the INS Vivek have also been pressed into action and will purify water through Reverse Osmosis (RO) systems, and will remain berthed off Male harbour until the desalination treatment plant in Male has been repaired.
Officials say External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj worked the phones after a distress call from her Maldivian counterpart Duniya Maumoon around 10 p.m. on Thursday. By morning, an IL-76 loaded with 20 tonnes of fresh potable water landed in Male, that has seen restive crowds and long queues over the water crisis. Close to 150,000 Male residents were left without water in their homes after the generator unit of the Maldives Water and Sewerage Company caught fire and burned. While the Maldivian government put out similar calls to the U.S., China and Sri Lanka as well, India was the first, and best placed to respond, said officials. “India was quick to respond to the needs of a SAARC neighbour, and we are happy to help in any way we can,” said MEA spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin.

China arrests former security chief Zhou YongkangBy: Associated Press | Beijing |
Posted: December 6, 2014 10:09 am | Updated: December 6, 2014 10:58 am
Chinese authorities arrested the once-feared ex-security chief Zhou Yongkang and launched a criminal investigation Saturday on charges ranging from adultery and bribery to leaking state secrets, after expelling him from the Communist Party overnight.
The developments, announced shortly after midnight, pave the way for a trial of the most senior figure so far to be ensnared in President Xi Jinping’s anti-corruption crackdown and appear to seal the downfall of a formerly powerful politician once considered a potent rival for Xi.
The square-jawed, granite-faced Zhou, 72, is the highest-level official to be prosecuted since the 1981 treason trial of Mao Zedong’s wife and other members of the “Gang of Four” who persecuted political opponents during the 1966-76 Cultural Revolution.
Although the case against Zhou has been touted by state media as another example of the party’s determination to fight corruption regardless of one’s rank, analysts say it is part of factional politics in the ruling party’s uppermost echelon.
“The fundamental issue remains the power struggle,” Beijing-based historian and independent political observer Zhang Lifan said.
The announcement past midnight on a weekend is a sign that the party leadership wants to downplay its impact, Zhang said. An allegation that Zhou leaked state secrets may give authorities a reason to close the trial and keep dirty politics under the wraps, he added.
Zhou had been under investigation for “severe disciplinary violations”, a phrase is usually used to describe corruption since last December. He had not been seen publicly since October 2013.
“He abused his power to help relatives, mistresses and friends make huge profits from operating businesses, resulting in serious losses of state-owned assets,” the official Xinhua News Agency said.
The party’s Central Commission for Discipline Inspection said in a statement posted online that the decision to expel Zhou was made Friday at a meeting of the 25-member Political Bureau of the party’s Central Committee. The attendees deliberated an investigation report on Zhou, who was in charge of China’s massive domestic security apparatus before his retirement in 2012, and referred the case to prosecutors.
Shortly after the expulsion was announced early Saturday, prosecutors announced Zhou’s formal arrest and opened a criminal case against him, the party said.
The investigation had found that Zhou had “seriously violated the Party’s political, organizational and confidentiality discipline,” Xinhua said.
“Zhou leaked the Party’s and country’s secrets,” the Xinhua report went on to say, without revealing what he might have leaked, or to whom. “He seriously violated self-disciplinary regulations and accepted a large amount of money and properties personally and through his family. Zhou committed adultery with a number of women and traded his power for sex and money.”
Any trial would be expected to have a foregone conclusion with Zhou convicted of his charges, because the outcomes of such high-profile trials are widely believed to be negotiated among top leaders ahead of time.
Zhou was considered by many observers and continued…

Permits expired  but Bharti Airtel  Vodafone to get extentionDefence helps build Tatas’ war chest
Mobile subscribers in Delhi and Mumbai will be spared of further call drops and network congestion as the department of telecommunications (DoT) has agreed to offer a 45-day extension — till January 14, 2015 — to Bharti Airtel and Vodafone for migrating to new frequencies.
The DoT has recommended to the telecom commission that “the joint proposal submitted by Bharti Airtel, Vodafone India and Idea Cellular for Delhi service area may be considered for allowing Vodafone to use 3 MHz spectrum that was allotted to Idea Cellular during the transition period (up to January 14, 2015) in Delhi service area”. Telecom Commission is the highest decision making body on policy matters relating to the sector.
For Mumbai circle, DoT has recommended the commission to consider allowing Vodafone to use 1.8 MHz spectrum allotted to Bharti Airtel during the transition period which is upto December 15, 2014, for changeover of frequencies in 900 MHz band in the circle. The telecom commission is expected to meet on Monday to take a final call on the matter.
The DoT’s recommendation on extension of time for a changeover is based on the joint proposal by the telcos. DoT said the operators have agreed to pay spectrum usage charges (SUC) as per the actual allocation from the date of earmarking or allocation of spectrum
The 20-year licence for 900 MHz for Bharti Airtel and Vodafone India for Delhi, Mumbai and Kolkata circles lapsed last month.
Earlier, the operators had blamed DoT for delaying allotment of new spectrum which they had bagged in the auctions held in February and demanded more time for the switchover.
Telecom regulator Trai had also warned DoT that services may be disrupted partially from December due to delay by DoT in fresh spectrum allocation to Bharti Airtel and Vodafone. These operators have about 20 million mobile subscribers in Delhi, which account for 45% of the total subscriber base.
Both Vodafone and Bharti Airtel have given up a share of their 900 MHz which they had in Delhi, Mumbai and Kolkata. While in Delhi, Bharti retained 5 MHz of the 8 MHz which it had earlier bagged in the February auction. Similarly, Vodafone also gave up 2 MHz of 900 MHz spectrum in Delhi from 8 MHz to 6 MHz. On other hand, Idea, which did not have 900 MHz band of airwaves, now has 5 MHz.
In Mumbai, Bharti Airtel has agreed to allow Vodafone use its 1.8 MHz of 900 band spectrum from November 29, 2014, to December 15, 2014. In Kolkata, Vodafone will use 0.4 MHz  of Bharti in addition to its holding of 7.8 MHz.
Both Bharti and Vodafone have acquired additional 1,800 MHz spectrum to make up for the 900 MHz loss. Mobile signals transmitted in 900 MHz band cover almost double area compared to signals transmitted in 1800 MHz band.
TAGS: Bharti Airtel Mobile Subscribers Spectrum Vodafone India
More from companies

SAP CEO sees co staying independent in long...Bill McDermott
(With a market capitalisation…)
FRANKFURT: German software maker SAP will remain an independent company in the long term, its chief executive told a German newspaper.
"I believe so, absolutely," Bill McDermott told weekly Euro am Sonntag in an interview published on Saturday.
"The best way for a company to stay independent is to grow and to have a good market capitalisation," he added.
With a market capitalisation of 70.5 billion euros ($86.6 billion), SAP is the fifth-largest company in Germany's large cap DAX index.
SAP had held talks about a potential merger with software giant Microsoft in 2004 but discussions were scrapped because of the complexity of any deal and the subsequent integration of the companies.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Let s talk about sex  with a little help from Ranveer SinghLet's talk about sex, with a little help from Ranveer Singh
Sweta Kaushal , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 06, 2014
First Published: 13:15 IST(6/12/2014) | Last Updated: 17:19 IST(6/12/2014)
Comments
Winds of change are blowing in Bollywood, and leading the pack is Ranveer Singh. In a first of sorts, Singh is talking sex, questioning taboos and even morality for a promotional video for a condom brand. Now this is what we call getting into the skin of the character! 
Singh's new video for the condom brand Durex holds forth on sex and everything else around it that we thought should never be discussed openly.
Watch: Ranveer Singh's sex talk
The video starts with Singh saying he loves women and sex. Only, the word 'sex' is beeped out. In the next frame, an angry Singh rants on how it is sad that the country which gave the world the best and the first book on sex (Vatsyayan's Kamasutra) is still hypocritical about a very basic, normal day-to-day activity like sex. "We have a population exceeding a 100 crore. Where did all the kids come from?" he asks, before starting off on a monologue on how it is important to discuss and be open about it.
"Sex education ko ban kar do. Biology textbook ke panne faad do. Jitna bhi try karo, aap ise mita nahi sakte, par baat jarur kar sakte ho...Why can't we be open and talk about it?"
And signs off, "Rex talk, let's talk about sex."
In an earlier video for the same brand, Ranveer Singh had this to say: "Kehte hain humko pyaar se Indiawaale. Par Indiawaalo mein dum nahi hain. Tum saala chup hi acche ho. Ladkiyan jada bolein chup kara do, bacche chein chein karein chup kara do.Kyuki India hai, jo chal raha chalne do, chup kara do...Bollywod films, stars, women's rape, inflation, love in Splitsville, chutzpah ke baare mein baat karne ka dum hai par sex? Chup, chup, chup...sshh...bolna bhi nahi. But kaha se aaye ho?"
Ranveer Singh also says, "Tum agar apne hone ke reason ke baare mein chup ho to tumhare hone ka koi reason hi nahi hai."
Point well said. So, for once, let us follow this Bollywood celeb and actually be open and less hypocritical about sex.
comment Note: By posting your comments here you agree to the terms and conditions of www.hindustantimes.com

2014 best year of job creation in US since ...Barack Obama
("So far this year, our economy…)
WASHINGTON: 2014 is the best year of job creation in the US since the 1990s with 2.65 million new jobs created during the period with still one month to go, President Barack Obama said today as he defended his economic policies.
"So far this year, our economy has created 2.65 million new jobs. That's the most of any year since the 1990s - even with a full month to go. All told, our businesses have created 10.9 million new jobs over the past 57 months. And that's the longest streak of private-sector job creation on record," Obama said in his weekly address to the nation.
In November alone businesses created 314,000 new jobs, he said.
"And that's not a fluke - it keeps up the solid pace of job creation we've seen all year long. November was the tenth month in a row we've added more than 200,000 jobs," he said in his weekly web and radio address to the nation.
The President said that besides the job creation, overall wages are also on the rise.
"We also know that the upswing in job growth this year has come in industries with higher wages. Overall wages are on the rise. And that's some very welcome news for millions of hardworking Americans," he said.
"Because even though corporate profits and the stock market have hit all-time highs, the typical family isn't bringing home more than they did 15 years ago. And that still has to change. And a vibrant jobs market gives us the opportunity to keep up this progress, and begin to undo that decades-long middle-class squeeze," Obama said.
He asked the Congress to pass the budget to support faster growth.
"We need the outgoing Congress to pass a budget and keep our government open. A Christmas shutdown is not a good idea. Then, when the new Congress convenes in January, we need to work together to invest in the things that support faster growth in higher-paying jobs," he added.
Obama asserted there is still a lot of work to do together.
"But we do have real, tangible evidence of our progress. 10.9 million new jobs. 10 million more Americans with health insurance. Manufacturing has grown. Our deficits have shrunk. Our dependence on foreign oil is down. Clean energy is up," he said.
"More young Americans are graduating from high school and earning college degrees than ever before. Over the last four years, this country has put more people back to work than Europe, Japan, and every advanced economy combined," he added.
Obama said the United States of America continues to outperform much of the world.
"And we are going to keep it up until every American feels the gains of a growing economy where it matters most - in your own lives," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Top al-Qaeda leader Adnan Shukrijuma killed in Pakistan militaryraidBy: Press Trust of India | Peshawar |
Posted: December 6, 2014 5:36 pm | Updated: December 7, 2014 7:49 pm
The chief of al-Qaeda’s global operations, wanted by the US over a 2009 plot to attack the New York subway system, was killed in a raid in Pakistan’s restive tribal region, the country’s military said on Saturday.
Saudi-born Adnan Shukrijuma was killed in the Shinwarsak area of South Waziristan tribal district. “His accomplice and local facilitator were also killed in the raid,” said a statement by military’s Inter Services Public Relations.
Army said Shukrijuma was a member of the core al-Qaeda leadership and was in charge of its global operations. During the raid, a soldier was killed and another injured.
Shukrijuma was among the five men indicted in the US over a plot to bomb New York’s subway system under orders from al Qaeda leaders in Pakistan.
The New York indictment links him to the Manhattan plot and a similar never-executed scheme to attack British subways, according to media reports. The US has long said the Saudi native was a threat to America and put USD5 million reward for his capture.
In a 2003 report in the Washington Post said Shukrijuma as a possible terrorism organiser in the style of Mohamed Atta, the suspected ringleader of the September 11, 2001, attacks.
 
Following the killing of Shukrijuma, Chief of Army Staff General Raheel Sharif tweeted that all terrorists would be eliminated from Pakistan’s soil. “None will be spared.”
Pakistan military spokesman Major General Asim Bajwa tweeted: “Top al-Qaeda Comd Adnan Al Shukri Aljuma with his 1 companion killed by Pak Army raid in S Waziristan today.” He also tweeted that five “terrorists” were also arrested during the raid.
Shukrijuma had moved to South Waziristan to from North Waziristan Agency due to the ongoing Zarb-i-Azb military operation, the ISPR statement said.
The comprehensive military campaign against foreign and local militants was launched a week after a brazen insurgent attack on the country’s busiest airport in Karachi in June. The military say they have killed over 1,100 militants so far, with 100 soldiers losing their lives in the operation.
The mostly-lawless tribal areas that border Afghanistan have been a hideout for militants — including al-Qaeda and the homegrown Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan (TTP) as well as foreign fighters such as Uzbeks and Uighurs.

Micheal Clarke relieved of media duties ahead of AdelaideTestBy: Press Trust of India | Adelaide |
Posted: December 6, 2014 5:32 pm
Australian captain Michael Clarke, who has been under intense emotional stress after the passing away of his brother-like mate Phillip Hughes, has been relieved of addressing the customary press conference on Monday ahead of the first Test against India starting December 9, in Adelaide.
Clarke, who has been with the Hughes family since the South Australia batsman’s passing away, has been relieved of all his media duties irrespective of the fact that he players the first Test or not.
Pace spearhead Micthell Johnson will carry out the duties of Clarke and will address the pre-match conference, according to a report in news.com.au.
Still doubtful for the opening game, Clarke seemed to have recovered from his hamstring injury after the batsman joined the team’ training at the Adelaide Oval on Saturday.
Cricket Australia CEO James Sutherland has already mentioned that there was no pressure on any player to participate in the first Test of the four-match series if they are not up to it.
Clarke seemed to be the most affected — he broke down while addressing the media on Hughes tragedy and also choked in the funeral speech — in the Australian camp along with David Warner and Aaron Finch.
From being part of the Australian team in Hughes’ debut Test against South Africa in March 2009, to being one of the pall bearers in the left—handed batsman’s last journey, Clarke has seen it all.

Devendra Fadnavis team: Portfolios allocated; BJP retains keydeptsWritten by Shubhangi Khapre | Mumbai |
Posted: December 6, 2014 7:19 pm | Updated: December 6, 2014 8:46 pm
Maharashtra chief minister Devendra Fadnavis on Saturday allocated the portfolios with BJP clearly having an upper hand as it managed to retain the top seven departments such as home, urban development,finance, revenue, water resources and energy.
Despite pressure the chief minister has retained the most critical home department with himself along with urban development which Sena was vying during talks.
The Shiv Sena which was engaged in a hard bargain appears to have settled for industry, public works department (MSRDC), health, environment and transport. Despite week long negotiations BJP managed to scrap the deputy chief minister post and also ensured home was not negotiable.
However, BJP’s flexibility to offer energy was turned down as Sena preferred transport and industries. However, health is a very significant portflios which the Sena wants to exploit to its advantage.
The senior BJP minister Girish Bapat has been entrusted with ministry of food and civil supplies, food and drug administration and parliamentary affairs. The water resources ministry which was controversial following alleged irrigation scams has been vested with senior (MLA) Girish Mahajan.
The energy portflio where BJP intends to bring major reforms reckoning the challenges ahead has been given to Chandrashekhar Bawankule. The big budget ministry of social justice goes to Rajkumar Badole and water supply and sanitation to Babanrao Lonikar.
In Shiv Sena senior cabinet minister Subash Desai gets industries, Eknath Shinde wrests PWD (MSRDC, Public Undertaking), Ramdas Kadam holds environment, Deepak Sawant who is medical doctor by profession gets health and family welfare and Diwakar Raote has been given transport ministry.
On Friday 20 ministers including ten each from BJP and Shiv Sena took the oath of office. It includes ten cabinet rank and ten Ministers of State rank.
Some changes that were done includes divesting the portflio of industries from Prakash Mehta (BJP) to accommodate Subash Desai (Shiv Sena). Mehta has been given housing, mining and labour.
A senior Sena functionary said, “At the beginning we did bargain for the post of deputy chief minister and home. As we believed that our participation should be on equal terms. But we did not pursue as BJP offered us other plum portfolios which has more urban connect.”
The Sena also explained, “The BJP has also agreed to accommodate Anil Desia at centre with a cabinet rank or minister of state (independent rank) ahead.
The Sena has taken resource in the factor that BJP conceded to their demand for swapping industies which was earlier held by Congress minister Narayan Rane. The Sena feels BJP has tried to accommodate some of their concerns by given better choice to their MoS ministers in terms of portflios.
At present the total strength of Fadnavis government is 30 ministers. It includes 18 cabinet rank and 12 ministers of continued…

Orion splash down captured by Nasa droneOrion splash down captured by Nasa drone
IANS
New York, December 06, 2014
First Published: 18:50 IST(6/12/2014)
print
By 2030 Orion Nasa's spacecraft will take human to Mars
A drone detected NASA's unmanned spacecraft Orion splash down into the Pacific Ocean, 600 miles south-west of San Diego.
Named Ikhana, the drone flew to capture the splash down as Orion completed its first voyage to space - travelling farther than any spacecraft designed for astronauts has done in more than 40 years.
The word Ikhana has native American origins and means intelligent, conscious or aware.
Ikhana's infra-red cameras detected the capsule and the optical cameras then streamed the video to viewers at NASA and elsewhere.
The spotting by the drone helped the US Navy vessels move in faster to recover the capsule.
The Ikhana is just one of NASA's many programmes that utilise drones, Popular Science reported.
In 2013, NASA flew drones into an active volcano to study the effects of volcano-specific smog.

Bigg Boss 8: Diandra-Gautam relationship not real  it s just a part of the gameComments
The hottest thing on Bigg Boss 8 right now is the equation of Diandra Soares and Gautam Gulati. The kisses, hugs and more that the couple displays onscreen is additional masala for the producers to help with the dipping TRPs.
Contestants are often seen finding their soulmates in different seasons of this reality show, but how far do these relationships go? We take a look at the couples in the Bigg Boss house through the years. (Text: Anjuri Nayar Singh)Actor Gautam Gulati and model Diandra Soares’ recent slew of on-screen kisses in the ongoing season of Bigg Boss has been the talk of the town. But going by the history of contestants professing love on this reality show, we wonder if their increasing intimacy is for real or just a passing phase.
However, talking to makers of the show, the TV actor's mother Mrs Anurag Gulati said that it is not a genuine relationship but a part of the game. She said, "I think it’s all a part of the game and my son only considers her as a friend, nothing more. I actually don’t even want to talk about her and I reserve my comments."
Gulati's brother Mohit said, "From the beginning she (Diandra) has been so against him and is now getting close, there might be a chance she’s just faking it to be in the game. Every weekend the housemates get to know about Gautam’s popularity and she’s just trying to take advantage. I can clearly state that today some of Gautam’s fans have stopped supporting him and the reason for the decline is Diandra. "
"My only advice to my brother is to maintain distance, not only with Diandra but with everyone in the house including Puneet," the brother further added.
On Weekend Ka Waar with Salman, actor Varun Dhawan visits the sets to promote his next with Nawazuddin Siddiqui -- Badlapur. Dhawan will also launch the first song of Badlapur Jee Ka Dar on Bigg Boss.
In Saturday's episode, Salman Khan will talk to the contestants and hopefully discuss all the drama happening in the house. He is also expected to introduce a surprise elimination. There has been no voting this week! Does that mean every one in the house is safe for another week? Naah, Salman tells the contestants that they get to decide who should be thrown out.
How will that work? Will the Dabangg star also take the new couple Diandra-Gautam to task? Well, wait and watch!
Catch all the drama at 9 pm on COLORS TV.
comment Note: By posting your comments here you agree to the terms and conditions of www.hindustantimes.com

Typhoon Hagupit hits Philippines  trees felled  power cutTyphoon Hagupit slams into eastern Philippines, thousands flee
AP
print
Typhoon Hagupit
Typhoon Hagupit slammed into the central Philippines' east coast late Saturday, knocking out power and toppling trees in a region where 650,000 people have fled to safety, still haunted by the massive death and destruction wrought by a monster storm last year.
Packing maximum sustained winds of 175 kilometers (109 miles) per hour and gusts of 210 kph (130 mph), Hagupit made landfall in Dolores, a coastal town facing the Pacific in Eastern Samar province, according to the Philippines' weather agency. There were no immediate reports of casualties.
Although it was unlikely to reach the unprecedented strength of Typhoon Haiyan, Hagupit's strong winds and heavy rain were enough to possibly cause major damage to an impoverished region still reeling from the devastating November 2013 storm, which left more than 7,300 people dead or missing.
"There are many trees that have toppled, some of them on the highway," police Senior Inspector Alex Robin said by phone late Saturday from Dolores, hours before Hagupit made landfall. "We are totally in the dark here. The only light comes from flashlights."
From Eastern Samar, Hagupit - Filipino for "smash" or "lash" - was expected to hammer parts of a string of island provinces that was devastated by Haiyan's tsunami-like storm surges and ferocious winds. Hagupit weakened slightly on Saturday, but remained dangerously powerful and erratic.
Residents are evacuated to a safe place in Legazpi City, Albay province, southeast of Manila Saturday ahead of the arrival of Typhoon Hagupit. (AFP Photo)
Robin said about 600 families had hunkered down in Dolores' three-story municipal hall, one of many emergency shelters in the town.
"Everyone here is just looking for a place to sleep," he said. "All the windows are closed, but it is still cool because of the wind and the rain."
Eastern Samar province Rep. Ben Evardone said electricity also was knocked out early Saturday in Borongan city, about 70 kilometers (43 miles) south of Dolores, where the government has set up a command center for rescue and relief operations headed by Interior Secretary Mar Roxas.
Evardone said the strong winds also felled trees and ripped off roofing sheets. "You can hear the whistling of the wind," he said.
"Everybody is in fear because of what happened during (Haiyan)," Evardone said. "We can already feel the wrath of the typhoon. Everybody is praying."
Big waves have pushed seawater over concrete walls along a boulevard, flooding it, Evardone said.
Army troops deployed to supermarkets and major roads in provinces in the typhoon's path to prevent looting and chaos and clear debris, all of which slowed the government's response last year, said Gen. Gregorio Pio Catapang, head of the Philippines' 120,000-strong military.
"We're on red alert, so the entire armed forces is being mobilized for this typhoon," Catapang said at a news conference.
Waves, brought by Typhoon Hagupit, hit a concrete barrier along the Boulevard Seaport in Surigao City, southern Philippines Saturday. (Reuters photo)
While unlikely to reach Haiyan's strength, forecasters said Hagupit's maximum sustained winds and gusts were strong enough to set off deadly storm surges and landslides and cause heavy damage to communities and agriculture.
With a whirling band of rain clouds spanning 600 kilometers (373 miles), Hagupit has gained speed and was moving westward at 16 kph (10 mph), according to forecasters.
In the central city of Tacloban, where Haiyan's storm surges killed thousands of people and leveled villages, news of the approaching typhoon rekindled painful memories. Many residents fled to storm shelters, a sports stadium and churches even before authorities urged them to evacuate.
"I'm scared," said Haiyan survivor Jojo Moro. "I'm praying to God not to let another disaster strike us again. We haven't recovered from the first."
The 42-year-old businessman, who lost his wife, daughter and mother last year in Tacloban, said he stocked up on sardines, instant noodles, eggs and water.
Around 650,000 people have been moved to safety, including in Tacloban. A U.N. humanitarian agency spokesman, Denis McClean, said in Geneva that it was one of the largest peacetime evacuations in Philippine history. It also was reminiscent of the evacuation of 1 million people along India's coastline before Cyclone Phailin hit in October 2013.
Nearly 100 domestic flights have been canceled and inter-island ferry services suspended, stranding thousands of people.
A man throws wood along the shore as strong waves from Typhoon Hagupit hit Atimonan, Quezon province, eastern Philippines Saturday. (AP Photo)
"We've not heard of villagers resisting to be evacuated," regional disaster-response director Blanche Gobenciong said. "Their trauma is still so fresh."
In Tacloban, residents stacked sandbags to block floodwaters. One McDonald's restaurant was closed and boarded up to prevent a repetition of Haiyan's deluge, which shattered glass panes and doors of business establishments, allowing looting to take place.
Disaster preparations widened after two agencies tracking the typhoon closely - the U.S. military's Joint Typhoon Warning Center in Hawaii and the Philippine weather agency - predicted different directions for Hagupit.
The US agency said Hagupit (pronounced HA'-goo-pit) may veer northwest after coming inland and sweep past the southern edge of the capital, Manila, a city of more than 12 million people. The Philippine agency, known by its acronym PAGASA, projected a more southern path.
Gobenciong said the unpredictable path made it harder to ascertain which areas would be hit, but added that everybody "should prepare for the worst."
"We have a zero-casualty target," she said. "Just one loss of life will really sadden us all and make us wonder what went wrong."
Watch: Philippines residents flee homes ahead of Typhoon Hagupit

Punjab eye surgery: Six left blind may be able to see the light againDoctors may be able to restore the vision of at least six of the 20 people blinded by botched free cataract surgery in Ghuman village in Punjab’s Gurdaspur district, a government official said on Saturday.
 
Authorities have suggested poor surgical hygiene may be to blame for the loss of sight after what are normally considered low-risk operations, in the latest scandal to highlight poor medical care in parts of India.
Some of the patients who lost their eyesight after undergoing surgery in an eye camp in Punjab's Gurdaspur. (Sameer Sehgal/HT Photo)
Authorities in Punjab reported 20 confirmed cases of blindness after a medical charity conducted free cataract operations on 157 people in November in Amritsar.
But now a special team of doctors dispatched from New Delhi and Chandigarh say "at least six of the victims could get their normal sight back after special treatment", senior Punjab state government official Ravi Bhagat told AFP.
Local media reports, however, say the number of people blinded could range from 30 up to as much as 60.
The cases have raised fresh concerns about the hygiene standards in India's severely stretched health-care services.
The incident comes just weeks after the deaths of 13 women following sterilisation surgery at a camp in Chhattisgarh.
Government officials blamed tainted drugs for the deaths, but an independent report said the women had suffered septicaemia that could have been caused by lack of hygiene.
In the case of those having eye surgery, the organiser of the camp has been arrested on accusations of allegedly running the camp without government permission, police said, while the doctor who performed the cataract operations has been been held for questioning.
"Our preliminary enquiries have indicated the doctor performed more than 30 operations in a single day," Manvinder Singh, a senior Punjab police official, told AFP.
"Technical teams are questioning him (the doctor) on different aspects," Singh said.
Punjab police were seeking to trace every patient operated on at the camp to ascertain the total number of victims.
A government doctor who treated the latest victims on Friday said they had contracted infections after undergoing the cataract surgery on November 4.
"They came to us in a very bad condition... the infection had already spread," Karanjeet Singh told India's NDTV news channel, adding "chances of restoring their eyesight" are as a result much lower.
Volunteer groups and government authorities regularly hold medical camps to treat tens of thousands of poor Indians each year for various ailments.
Authorities said the problem first came to light when victims began coming forward earlier in the week.
Police said there could be more arrests in the cataract case.
"Our police team is leaving for Mathura in neighbouring state of Uttar Pradesh, where the NGO (non-governmental organisation) has its headquarter," Singh said.
"In Mathura, we hope to get the names of all the other people directly responsible for this illegal camp," he said.

Terror strikes in J-K attack on democracy: ModiComments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi said on Saturday a string of militant strikes ahead of the third phase of assembly polls in Jammu and Kashmir was an attack on democracy as security agencies tightened security ahead of his first election rally in Srinagar.
Modi is due to address a campaign rally on Monday at Srinagar’s Sher-i-Kashmir stadium, which lies just 10 km from the site of one of Friday’s attacks which intelligence officials said were aimed at dissuading people from attending the event.
“This is a shameless attack on India’s democracy,” Modi told an election meeting in Jharkhand on Saturday, a day after the attacks in Kashmir that left 21 people dead. He earlier condemned the strikes as “desperate attempts” to derail the atmosphere of hope created by the high voter turnout in the first two phases of the election.
India’s brave security personnel gave a befitting reply to them, Modi said, while addressing an election rally at a packed Gandhi Maidan in Hazaribagh district which is set for the third phase of assembly elections on December 9.
Authorities, meanwhile, threw a multi-tier security cordon around the stadium and set up checkpoints across the city as police said Modi's rally could have been on the radar of militants. “Adequate security arrangements are in place for the rally,” said deputy inspector general of police Afadul Mujtaba.
Hurriyat Conference chairman Syed Ali Shah Geelani called for a shutdown to protest against the prime minister’s visit for his first public rally in the Kashmir Valley as the BJP makes its most serious bid yet to gain power in the Muslim-majority state.
Kashmiris will vote amid tight security in the third phase of the assembly election on Tuesday after an over 70% turnout in the first two rounds in defiance of a poll boycott call by separatists.
 
Unfazed by the string of militant strikes, thousands of BJP workers are ready to paint Srinagar saffron for the prime minister’s visit.
 
The party plans to deck up the city with some 6,000 banners and flags and organise thousands of roses in the dead of winter to make the rally a massive show of strength.
“The stage is set for the rally and we are sure the people of Kashmir will respond with a ballot for bullet,” said union minister and BJP spokesman Shahnawaz Hussain. “Modi lives in the heart of the people of the Valley. He has always been here when they needed him.”

Phase I of Andhra s new capital to be ready by 2019E Kumar Sharma      Follow @EKumarSharma    Last Updated: December 6, 2014  | 15:15 IST
Andhra Pradesh CM CM N Chandrababu Naidu (Photo: Reuters)
The first phase of the new capital of Andhra Pradesh will be ready by the time the state goes to polls in 2019, says its chief minister N Chandrababu Naidu.
It is expected to come up in the Guntur-Vijayawada region.
"We want to start at the earliest. We are currently consulting the government of India on this and have sought the help of the Singapore government to prepare the masterplan for the capital," he says.
Naidu was interacting with reporters at a lunch meeting called by him on December 5. "Japan is also showing interest in this and we hope to work with them also," he added.
He also pointed out that phase I of the project would include some residential, commercial and government buildings and establishments.
The government plans to shortly table the draft bill for this in the state assembly. The 'Capital Region  Development Authority Bill-2014,' is for creating a body to oversee the building of the new capital of the state. The exact location of the capital is not being officially spelt out since the process of land pooling is yet to be completed.
Indicating that he was clear on the direction and the road ahead for the state, Naidu says by 2022, when India completes its 75 years of independence, Andhra will be one among the top three states of the country and the number one by 2029.  "Compared to other states today, we have problems but I am confident, we will soon cross these hurdles," says Naidu. He expects that state GSDP (gross state domestic product) to grow from Rs 4.75 lakh crore currently to around Rs 12.5 lakh crore by 2019.
On infrastructure building in the new state, Naidu says he would be immediately initiating efforts to expand and build new airports. "We want to first strengthen the existing Vijayawada airport and focus on its renovation and runway expansion over the next six to eight months and thereafter, we want to go in for a greenfield airport there. Similarly, in Vizag, we also want to go in for a greenfield airport in the next four years and in (the temple town of) Tirupati, we will expand its existing airport and ultimately have an international airport there."
The chief minister, who has just announced a loan waiver scheme for farmers, says it is an election promise fulfilled by his party. He did not however spell out his plans on resource mobilization and the quantum of funds required. "We will collect taxes efficiently, raise new resources and seek assistance from the central government," is all he says apart from his plans to monetize select state resources.
On what he would tell potential investors, he says "we can offer them water, power, policy and leadership. I am there to work." Naidu says he works 18 hours a day. In a month or so from now, he hopes to announce sector-specific policies and plans to boost the attractiveness of the state.

Apple trial turns to videotaped deposition b...You are here: Home > Collections > Apple
Apple antitrust trial turns to videotaped deposition by Steve Jobs
New York Times Dec 6, 2014, 09.39PM IST
Tags:
(But despite his poor health…)
By Brian Chen
OAKLAND (CALIFORNIA): About six months before his death in 2011, Steve Jobs , the chief executive of Apple, gave a videotaped deposition in an antitrust case that wound its way into a federal courtroom just this week.
In the video played Friday afternoon, Jobs, wearing his usual black turtleneck, looked frail and spoke in a soft voice. He spun restlessly in his chair and at one point leaned his head against his right hand, indicating his boredom.
But despite his poor health - he was on medical leave at the time - he was otherwise his usual self, delivering a mix of blunt and sarcastic replies. When asked whether he was familiar with RealNetworks, a company that had come up with a way to allow songs sold in its store to play on iPods and other media players, Jobs replied: "Do they still exist?"
Jobs is the star witness in a case that has its roots in technology decisions made nearly a decade ago. Apple is accused of violating antitrust law by forcing people to buy iPods, rather than cheaper alternatives, to keep listening to their digital music. The case harks back to a different time in the tech industry, when Apple was still considered an underdog and exactly which company would eventually dominate digital music was still very much in doubt.
In the deposition, Jobs testified about Apple's use of a copyright management system that prevented songs sold by competing music stores from playing on iPods.
Jobs said that when the iTunes Store was still young, Apple had contracts with music companies stating that it must protect their copyrights through a strict "digital rights" management system. Any violation of that agreement could result in the music labels' withholding their songs from iTunes, he said.
Jobs emphasized that many people were trying to hack iTunes and the iPod, which would put Apple at risk of violating its contracts. So Apple had to keep strengthening the security of its software.
"We would constantly be revving iTunes and iPod software, closing any - any holes that might be in it or any problems it might have," Jobs said.
Bonny Sweeney, the plaintiffs' lead lawyer, asked Jobs whether record companies had ever complained to Apple about the RealNetworks software.
Jobs said whether the labels had complained was irrelevant, because when Apple strengthened its copyright system, destroying RealNetworks' compatibility was a side effect.
"It doesn't really matter because in fixing holes for DRM hacks, it might screw up the Real technology anyway, as collateral damage," he said.
Jobs said he could not remember the answers to many of the questions because so much time had passed. When the plaintiffs' lawyer showed Jobs emails he had written, he said he did not remember whether he had written most of them.
"I'm sorry I don't remember more of this for you, but there's been a lot of water under that bridge in seven years," he said.
The antitrust trial took an unexpected turn Thursday when Apple challenged the right of the two named plaintiffs in the class-action lawsuit to be represented in the trial.
And on Friday morning the lawyers suing Apple in the $350 million case withdrew one of the two plaintiffs after they concluded that she did not buy an iPod from September 2006 to March 2009, the period in which Apple is accused of wrongdoing.
Apple said in a letter filed with the court late Wednesday night that it had checked the serial number of an iPod Touch bought by the other named plaintiff, Marianna Rosen of New Jersey, and found that it was bought in July 2009, months after the period in question. On Friday, the company filed a motion asking that the case be dismissed altogether.
On Friday afternoon, the plaintiffs' lawyers faxed a request to the judge asking for permission to add a new plaintiff to the case: Jeffrey Kowalski , a Michigan man the lawyers said bought an iPod Touch around May 2008. They said they would fight Apple's request to dismiss the case.
"We believe Apple's latest attempt to derail this case is baseless, and we will be vigorously opposing Apple's motion," Sweeney said in a statement.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ready to support Narendra Modi govt if it does constructive work  says MamataBanerjeePosted: December 6, 2014 6:22 pm
 
Trinamool Congress was ready to provide “full support” to the Narendra Modi government at the Centre if there was “constructive work” for the benefit of all sections of people, West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee said on Saturday.
“I still feel that if you run the government in a good way, if your work is constructive and genuine and for the welfare of all sections of the people, you will get our full support”, The Trinamool Congress chief said.
In an apparent dig at BJP she said “dividing the people on basis of religion will not be allowed.”
“We must abhor the politics of division. It is against our culture. There is difference between governance and politics. The two must not be mixed”, she said at a communal harmony rally organised by TMC where religious leaders of different religions also participated.
“Do not spare me even if I commit a wrong. But only spreading lies, canards and vilification campaign and attempts to create riots is not religion”, she said.
“One thing should be clear, we will not accept politics of division, destroying the temple and setting fire to mosque. What was the need to create trouble in a church in Delhi”? she asked while addressing a Trinamool Congress rally to mark the anniversary of Babri Mosque near the Gandhi statue here.
Banerjee accused the BJP-led government at the Centre of selling out the country.
“They are selling the country. We have a social responsibility.
What has the new government done? FDI in Railways. FDI in defence. Deregulating the diesel prices. They have hiked excise duty on fuel”, Banerjee said.
“We are fulfilling the commitment we made to the people. We are fulfilling the promises we made in our Manifesto”, Banerjee said referring to her party upping the ante against the Centre over several issues concerning the masses.
“I will only work for the people. Those who have a sense of responsibility cannot commit any wrong. Nothing can be taken for granted”, she said.

I learnt an important lesson last time  says IshantSharmaBy: Press Trust of India | Adelaide |
Posted: December 6, 2014 6:07 pm | Updated: December 6, 2014 6:11 pm
India’s pace spearhead Ishant Sharma believes that his “experience” of having bowled in Australian conditions will come in handy for the other bowlers but he doesn’t want to be looked upon as a “role model” for the likes of Umesh Yadav, Varun Aaron or Mohammed Shami.
Ishant has previously been a part of two Test tours in 2007-08 and then in 2011-12.
“All our bowlers are in the same age group, an average age of 26 or 27, which is very good for the Indian team,” Ishant told reporters today.
“As such, I don’t see myself as a role model for anyone. What I need to do is focus on my bowling and then whatever I have learnt from my experiences in the past and tours abroad that I can share with my team mates. It is vital to learn from whatever we did right on past tours, focus on that and keep doing the same.”
Ishant had first shot to fame during the 2007-08 tour when he had consistently troubled Australian captain Ricky Ponting. On the subsequent tour in 2011-12, he didn’t do too well as India lost 0-4 in the Test series.
Ishant’s own record took a battering as he now has played 7 Tests in Australia, with 11 wickets at an average of 70-plus.
“I learnt an important lesson last time. There were a lot of expectations from me and I have a lot of expectations from myself. I got recognition in Australia but couldn’t live up to it the last time. This time I know I have to control my feelings and expectations. I have to focus on doing the basics right. So I can concentrate better and improve my bowling,” he said.
The past one year has seen Ishant live up to that word. He bowled well in South Africa and followed it up with a great showing in New Zealand, almost bowling India to victory in the Wellington Test.
He fulfilled that promise in England, using the short ball to great effect and leading India to a famous win at Lord’s.
Afterwards he broke down as the visitors lost the series 3-1. Fitness will be key again in Australia as team India looks to prepare for a long-haul Test series followed by an ODI tri-series and then the World Cup.
“Preparation is different for every tour. Conditions are different in every country, and they are different in New Zealand and England, South Africa and Australia.
“For me, it depends on how I prepare for different tours. Obviously, if you prepare well and if you feel confident about whatever you do, it will give you best results. That has helped me a lot in recent times,” he said.
“For fast bowlers, it is very important to work on your fitness. If continued…

ber:Here s why the design firm is mistaken ...(Naturally, Herta listed…)
By Joe Nocera
Herta Kriegner , a graphic artist from Austria, likes the German word "uber." It conveys, she told me recently, both a European sensibility and a sense of going "above and beyond" for a customer. In fact, she likes the word so much that 15 years ago, when she started her own small New York design firm, that's the name she gave it: uber.
Naturally, Herta listed uber's number in the Manhattan phone directory. She set it up so that after three rings the calls were routed to her cellphone. Her sister, Elena, a jewelry designer, also used the uber office space, and the two women shared the phone number. For the next 12 years, this arrangement worked just fine.
Then, about three years ago, another Uber moved to town - Uber Technologies Inc. , the app-based car company that is competing with taxis in cities all over the world. In New York, a city where the taxi monopoly has meant a chronic shortage of cabs, Uber has become very popular.
But unlike uber, Uber does not have a phone number listed in the Manhattan directory. Like many online companies, it believes in the efficiency of communicating via email. The messy business of actually talking to people, well, that's just so old-fashioned, isn't it?
Just because Uber doesn't want to talk to customers, though, doesn't mean customers don't want to talk to Uber. Sometimes there are problems that scream for human communication: an accident, a cellphone left in a car, a mix-up with a bill. And sometimes, even though online communications may be more efficient, people are simply more comfortable talking to another human.
Which is how it came to be that Herta and Elena Kriegner became experts in Uber's customer service, or lack thereof. When customers or drivers tried to find a number for Uber in Manhattan, they often wound up with the number for uber. At first, the calls came every few days. But as Uber has gained in popularity, the calls have come more frequently. Herta showed me a phone log listing more than 500 Uber-related calls that her little company has received just since August.
"I already had my first call this morning," Herta told me when I went to see her and Elena a few days ago. "It was 8:30. A woman wanted a ride to the airport. I told her she needed the app."
She and Elena have gotten calls from drivers who are having trouble with their applications or questions about their insurance. There are mornings when Herta wakes up, turns on her cellphone, and hears a voice mail from an unhappy Uber customer spewing expletives. Recently, she had to go to court to prove that a driver trying to get workers' compensation was suing the wrong Uber.
Early on, when Uber first learned of this problem, an executive named Ed Casabian told her that it was all because Yelp had mistakenly listed uber's phone number - and that when it was removed all would be well. The number was removed, but the calls kept coming. A short time later, she bumped into Casabian at a trade show, where Uber had a booth. She asked him why the company didn't talk to its customers or drivers.
"Because it's not in our business model," he replied, according to Herta. Thinking the issue was cost, she suggested that Uber set up a call center in India. "We don't want our customers to talk to someone in India," said Casabian.
"You would rather have them talk to me?" she asked.
These days, Herta and Elena get between one and 10 calls a day. Not long ago, a woman called to report that her daughter had been harassed by an Uber driver, and what should she do? Elena told her that Uber didn't talk to customers, and she should instead go to the police and then to the news media. (In a statement - emailed, of course - an Uber spokeswoman said that the company's "average response time" was less than an hour when customers emailed them with problems.)
As annoying as the calls have been, they have taught Herta and Elena a few things about what constitutes real customer service. One lesson is that many customers are always going to be more comfortable explaining a problem in a conversation with another person, rather than in an impersonal email. Yes, it's inefficient and cuts into profit margins, but companies that actually care about their customers do it anyway. Zappos' customer service number is on its home page. Amazon's isn't hard to find either.
This week, Uber raised $1.2 billion, giving it a valuation of $40 billion. The company's chief executive, Travis Kalanick , said that some of the money would be used to continue its breathtaking expansion. He also said that the company needed to "invest in internal growth and change."
Here's a suggestion: Hire some people who will answer the phone.
FEATURED ARTICLES

President Obama slams barbaric murder of US hostage inYemenBy: Agence-France Presse | Washington |
Posted: December 6, 2014 6:45 pm | Updated: December 6, 2014 6:47 pm
President Barack Obama on Saturday condemned the murder of US journalist Luke Somers who was killed in Yemen during a failed raid aimed at freeing him from his Al-Qaeda kidnappers.
“The United States strongly condemns the barbaric murder of Luke Somers at the hands of Al-Qaeda terrorists during a rescue operation,” Obama said in a statement. “I offer my deepest condolences to Luke’s family and to his loved ones.”
Obama also offered support to the family of another hostage, identified as South African Pierre Korkie, who was killed alongside Somers a day before he was due to be freed after more than a year in captivity, according to a charity negotiating his release.
“I also offer my thoughts and prayers to the family of a non-US citizen hostage who was also murdered by these terrorists during the rescue operation. Their despair and sorrow at this time are beyond words,” Obama said.
Somers appeared in a video this week saying his life was in imminent danger and appealing for help, while his captors also released a video threatening to kill the 33-year-old British-born US citizen, who has been held captive for more than a year.
Obama said the captives’ deaths would not deter his government’s attempts to secure American hostages and fight its enemies.
“The United States will spare no effort to use all of its military, intelligence, and diplomatic capabilities to bring Americans home safely, wherever they are located. “Terrorists who seek to harm our citizens will feel the long arm of American justice,” Obama vowed.
The White House said the rescue operation had been carried out in cooperation with the Yemeni government, which is a key US ally in the fight against Al-Qaeda, allowing Washington to conduct a longstanding drone war against the group on its territory.

Islamic State group storms air base in eastSyriaBy: Associated Press | Beirut |
Posted: December 6, 2014 6:24 pm
Islamic State group fighters stormed parts of a sprawling army air base Saturday in eastern Syria after days of clashes that killed dozens on both sides, activists said, while state media reported that the offensive was repelled.
The base, outside the city of Deir el-Zour, has been used by the government in the past months to launch air raids on areas held by the Islamic State group bordering Iraq.
The Islamic State group is trying to capture the air base and a nearby barracks known as Brigade 137 to eliminate the main pocket of resistance in the area and provide a major morale and propaganda boost after a string of setbacks in recent weeks.
The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the latest attack began Saturday with a suicide car bomb at the main entrance of the Deir el-Zour air base.
Later Saturday, the push stopped after fighters came under heavy shelling from army positions, it added. The group said that some Islamic State fighters had breathing problems in the area after government forces used chlorine gas against them.
Syrian state TV quoted an unnamed military official as saying that troops repelled attempts by “terrorists” on several areas near the city of Deir el-Zour and killed “tens of them and destroyed their vehicles and weapons.”
The Islamic State group began a major offensive on the air base, one of the last government-held areas in the province of Deir el-Zour, on Thursday.
The Observatory said that since Thursday, 119 fighters on both sides have been killed, including 51 troops and pro-government militiamen.It said some 68 Islamic State group fighters have been killed, of which 33 were Syrians and two were French citizens.
It said some 68 Islamic State group fighters have been killed, of which 33 were Syrians and two were French citizens.
Activists who support the Islamic State group posted photos on social media showing two military helicopters that they claimed were captured by the jihadis.There was no immediate word from the government about Saturday’s capture of parts of the air base.
There was no immediate word from the government about Saturday’s capture of parts of the air base.
Earlier Saturday, state news agency SANA said the government’s air force was taking part in the operations at the air base, adding that they destroyed an Islamic State group convoy consisting of five armored vehicles and four pickup trucks mounted with heavy machine guns.
On Friday, Islamic State group fighters captured the strategic village of Jafra near the air base. If jihadis capture the air base and Brigade 137, they could threaten government-held areas in the provincial capital of Deir el-Zour.
In Lebanon, state-run National continued…

Shikhar Dhawan hints MS Dhoni may play Adelaide Test againstAustraliaBy: Press Trust of India |
Posted: December 6, 2014 5:48 pm | Updated: December 6, 2014 7:23 pm
In what would come as a change of plan for the Indian cricket team, Mahendra Singh Dhoni might captain the side in the opening Test against Australia as he has joined the squad well in time for the four-match series, which had to be rescheduled following Phillip Hughes’ death.
Dhoni, nursing a palm injury, was meant to take over from the second Test onwards, originally scheduled here from December 12.
But due to the rescheduling of the start of the series from December 4 (Brisbane) to December 9 (Adelaide), the regular captain could make the playing XI from the very beginning.
Batsman Shikhar Dhawan on Saturday stated that stand-in skipper Virat Kohli will have to wait a little more to lead the side given that Dhoni has arrived in time for the opening Test.
“Both are aggressive captains. But there is a certain difference. Virat is a lot more charged up on the field. It is enjoyable playing under both of them. It might be a longer wait for Virat to lead India in Test cricket since Dhoni is here now,” Dhawan said.
The focus is slowly shifting back to cricket after a week of emotional turmoil owing to Hughes’ death and Dhawan said he is looking forward to the challenge of facing Mitchell Johnson’s pace in the series.
“He is one of the best bowlers in the world. He has got good raw pace. But we have practised playing against such pace. Also, I have faced him a lot of times back in India in international matches and in the IPL. Yes, I will be facing him for the first time in Australia, so it is going to be a good challenge. Hopefully I will enjoy batting against him here,” said Dhawan in a press conference in Adelaide.
“I feel it is important to have an aggressive opening batsman. Not in Australia, but in today’s cricket in general.
It helps turn things around quickly for your team and helps gain momentum. I would love to play that role for my side and it will be very good for us if I can pull it off,” he added.
Dhawan had made his debut against Australia at Mohali in the 2013 home series. It was a special innings as he smacked the fastest Test century on debut and finished with 187 runs off 174 balls. Since then he has become a permanent fixture of the Indian Test XI but his form on away tours has been erratic.
He did well in New Zealand, but failed to impress in South Africa and England against better quality attacks. On that latter tour, he was also dropped after the third Test in favour of Gautam Gambhir.
“It is an important tour and all of us are looking forward continued…

M&M eyes West European markets for electric vehiclesM&M eyes West European markets for electric vehicles
PTI     Kolkata   Last Updated: December 6, 2014  | 11:57 IST
Photo: Reuters
With not-so-encouraging sale of its electric vehicles on the home turf, leading commercial and passenger automobile company Mahindra & Mahindra (M&M) is eyeing the export markets of Western Europe, an official of the company said.
"We are targeting the West European markets of Norway, UK and France for the sale of electric vehicles," executive director and president (automobile and farm equipment) of M&M Pawan Goenka said in Kolkata on Friday.
M&M , which had already launched the 'e2o' electric vehicles in the country, was not quite satisfied with the sales performance.
"The sale performance of the electric vehicles of the company is very poor. We are selling around 250 units all over the country whereas we expected to sell around 100 units per month," Goenka told reporters.
This, he said, was primarily due to lack of governmental support at state levels. "The state governments of Karnataka and Maharashtra were providing incentives for purchase of electric vehicles," he said.
The West Bengal government was also giving some incentives, he added.
Goenka said that next year, the company is aiming to export the vehicles to the West European markets.
"We will be happy if the company is able to sell 100 units overseas and 100 units in the domestic market. This is a good volume for us," he said.
M&M, which bought REVA electric car company, would continue to make investments in acquired firm, Goenka said.

More steps to rationalise subsidies on anvil: FM Arun JaitleyArun Jaitley
(The govt currently provides…)
NEW DELHI: Assuring India Inc of NDA's commitment to carry forward economic reforms, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today said the government will come out with more steps to rationalise subsidies.
"I had a series of meeting with the Expenditure Management Commission. They are effectively working on some very valuable suggestions with regard to rationalisation of subsidies...
"In the next few, even months...may be earlier than that they will be able to come out with some interim recommendations to us so that we can proceed with rationalisation in that direction", Jaitley said.
Recalling the government's decision to link the diesel prices with market price, the Minister told the India Economic Conclave said that it would help in reducing the subsidy burden of the government.
Besides, the government has recently decided to give direct cash subsidy on pilot basis to LPG customers in select cities.
The Centre had set up a Commission under former RBI Governor Bimal Jalan to suggest steps to rationalise subsidy and help the government in effectively bringing down the fiscal deficit.
Watch FM Jaitley's address at the India Economic Conclave 2014
The government currently provides various kinds of subsidies which run into lakhs of crores of rupees. It was pegged at Rs 2.51 lakh crore for 2014-15.
Speaking at the Conclave organised by television channel ET Now, Jaitley expressed confidence that the government would be able to push the Insurance and the GST bills in the current session of Parliament.
On the government's views on a joint session of Parliament to push the bills as it does not have a majority in the Rajya Sabha, he said: "We don't want to use the last resort of a joint session for legislations. But if it becomes inevitable that's a constitutional remedy."
FEATURED ARTICLES

GVK Biosciences manipulated results of generic drug trialsDefence helps build Tatas’ war chest
GVK Biosciences (GVK BIO) allegedly manipulated the results of clinical trials of generic drugs it carried out on behalf of several European manufacturers, say some German media reports. Germany’s drug regulators are currently examining whether to suspend the use of more than 100 medicines on the suspicion that they were given marketing licences for forged medical reports of human trials, say TV channels NDR and WDR and the Munich daily Sueddeutsche Zeitung.
FE had reported on September 26 that GVK BIO had received a letter from the Coordination Group for Mutual Recognition and Decentralised Procedures-Human (CMDh), a European drug agency, along with France-based Agency for Medicines and Health Products Safety (ANSM), following a ‘good clinical practice’ (GCP) inspection citing deficiencies that stretch back to 2008.
French drug regulator ANSM found out during a routine control of medical reports earlier this year that GVK Bio had forged the outcome of a study of a heart drug.
In nine studies, the French authorities found partial manipulation. The EMA had in July written to all manufacturers of generic drugs in the EU, seeking details of their cooperation with GVK Bio. The Federal Institute for Medicines and Medical Products, which issues licences in Germany, confirmed that it had been investigating the allegations against the company. The agency said it was too early to determine the exact number of medicines involved, but they may be more than 100, according to the reports.
Two drugs manufactured by the German company, Betapharm and anti-allergy medicine Fexofenadin by Hexal, are among the medicines currently being investigated.
German authorities have so far no information that the drugs involved posed any health risk for the public, the reports said. Documents with the EMA and the European Commission showed that at least 10 GVK Bio staff members were involved in the forgery, which took place between 2008 and 2013, the reports said.
When contacted, GVK Bio said in an email response that it had already submitted independent cardiology assessments of the ECGs indicating that they belonged to multiple volunteers and it was difficult to conclude that they belonged to the same volunteer. The company said an inspection team from the German drug regulatory body inspected the facility in October.
“We also provided evidence that all key activities such as dosing, blood sampling and processing were adequately controlled, supervised and the staff were qualified to do the work. We also strengthened the operating procedures around taking the ECGs and these were accepted by the authorities,’’ the company said.
“We are disappointed that despite providing detailed clarifications, unfortunately CHMP (Committee for Medicinal products for Human use) has concluded that though the ‘check-out’ ECGs may have no direct relevance to the quality of the testing of drugs, the fact that the same employees were involved in other critical activities left an element of doubt on the bio-equivalence results. Hence, authorities have concluded that the bioequivalence (BE) studies conducted at our Hyderabad clinic are not sufficient to support marketing authorisation holders (MAHs) for the products approved. We expect that the marketing authorisation holders will need to repeat the studies in the next 12-15 months,’’ the company said.
Bioequivalence studies are used to assess the expected in-vivo biological equivalence of two proprietary preparations of a drug. If two products are said to be bioequivalent, it means that they would be expected to be, for all intents and purposes, the same.
TAGS: GVK Biosciences
More from companies

Pakistan says top al-Qaeda militant killed in raidThis undated handout file photo provided by the FBI shows Adnan Shukrijumah. Photo: AP
TOPICS
unrest, conflicts and war
Pakistan’s military said Saturday that soldiers killed al-Qaeda’s chief of global operations during a raid in the country’s lawless tribal region, a man indicted in the U.S. over a plot to bomb New York’s subway system.
Adnan Shukrijumah was killed, along with two other suspected militants, in Pakistan’s North Waziristan tribal area early Saturday, the military said.
“The al-Qaeda leader, who was killed by the Pakistan army in a successful operation, is the same person who had been indicted in the United Stated,” said a senior Pakistani army officer, who spoke on condition of anonymity as he was not authorised to talk to journalists.
Shukrijumah held a position that once was Sept. 11 mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed. The FBI lists the Saudi as a “most wanted” terrorist and had offered up to a $5 million reward for his capture.
Federal prosecutors in the U.S. allege Shukrijumah had recruited the three men in 2008 to receive training in the lawless tribal region of Pakistan for the attack. The New York indictment links him to the Manhattan plot and a similar never-executed scheme to attack British subways.

Windows 10 could be a smash hit available in...You are here: Home > Collections
Windows 10 could be a smash hit available in summer
Business Insider Dec 6, 2014, 06.07PM IST
Tags:
Credit Suisse Technology Conference
(Turner says that in the spring,…)
Microsoft is on track to deliver Windows 10, its next version of Windows, as early as the late summer, COO Kevin Turner told attendees of the Credit Suisse Technology Conference on Thursday.
The company has been showing off the new OS for the past few months, mostly playing up the features that businesses are going to love. And most of those features, so far, involve bringing things back from Windows 7.
That's important because businesses have for the most part ignored Windows 8 , preferring Windows 7 instead. Even when they buy new PCs, which they've done in droves this year, when Microsoft retired support for XP.
Turner says that in the spring, Microsoft will start showing off new consumer features in Windows 10. Developers will get their hands on a preview version, too, in the spring, giving them a chance to write apps. Surely that will happen at Microsoft's annual developer's conference, Microsoft Build, which begins April 29.
With Microsoft's major reorg, the company has changed the way it builds Windows. It is sending versions of Windows 10 out continuously to anyone who wants to play with it, asking for feedback. That happens through the Windows Insider program.
So, a developer preview version shouldn't be the first time programmers see Windows 10. This also means Windows could get to market faster than ever before. Microsoft may even have Windows 10 out for the back-to-school PC shopping season.
Here's what Turner said:
The thing I want to tell you about on Windows 10 is the Windows 10 timeframe. We plan to talk about the end user consumer experiences in the early spring, we'll have a developer preview and be able to talk to that in depth in the early summer timeframe. And then by late summer and early fall, we'll be able to bring out this particular OS. That's the current plan of record.
He also talked about another interesting phenom going at Microsoft right now.
On the one hand, CEO Satya Nadella is very firmly pushing Microsoft into the post-PC era, rolling out new cloud services and apps that run on any devices, any operating system. The more operating systems supported by these apps, the better.
On the other, thanks to the major reorganization of the company, Windows "is now the third biggest entity within our company behind the Office franchise and our enterprise franchise," Turner said.
The "enterprise franchise" refers to all the software products used by IT, things like Microsoft's database SQL Server, and its tech management tools, System Center.
With Windows still being the third biggest thing at Microsoft, Turner emphasized that it's still "a big important franchise for us as a company."
So at Microsoft, the mantra seems to be Windows ISN'T DEAD YET. LONG LIVE THE CLOUD!
And for that to happen, Windows 10 needs to be a hit. Not only do businesses need to love it, but Microsoft has an ambitious new plan for developers, Turner emphasized.
They'll be able to write one app and it will run on any Windows 10 device: phone/tablet, PC, Xbox , or Internet of Things device.
That's a developer's nirvana known a "Universal Windows Apps." If it works as advertised, Windows 10 will be overflowing with cool new apps and will rise from the ashes of Windows 8, stronger than ever.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Devendra Fadnavis team: Portfolios allocated; BJP retains key departmentsWritten by Shubhangi Khapre | Mumbai |
Posted: December 6, 2014 7:19 pm | Updated: December 6, 2014 8:46 pm
Maharashtra chief minister Devendra Fadnavis on Saturday allocated the portfolios with BJP clearly having an upper hand as it managed to retain the top seven departments such as home, urban development,finance, revenue, water resources and energy.
Despite pressure the chief minister has retained the most critical home department with himself along with urban development which Sena was vying during talks.
The Shiv Sena which was engaged in a hard bargain appears to have settled for industry, public works department (MSRDC), health, environment and transport. Despite week long negotiations BJP managed to scrap the deputy chief minister post and also ensured home was not negotiable.
However, BJP’s flexibility to offer energy was turned down as Sena preferred transport and industries. However, health is a very significant portflios which the Sena wants to exploit to its advantage.
The senior BJP minister Girish Bapat has been entrusted with ministry of food and civil supplies, food and drug administration and parliamentary affairs. The water resources ministry which was controversial following alleged irrigation scams has been vested with senior (MLA) Girish Mahajan.
The energy portflio where BJP intends to bring major reforms reckoning the challenges ahead has been given to Chandrashekhar Bawankule. The big budget ministry of social justice goes to Rajkumar Badole and water supply and sanitation to Babanrao Lonikar.
In Shiv Sena senior cabinet minister Subash Desai gets industries, Eknath Shinde wrests PWD (MSRDC, Public Undertaking), Ramdas Kadam holds environment, Deepak Sawant who is medical doctor by profession gets health and family welfare and Diwakar Raote has been given transport ministry.
On Friday 20 ministers including ten each from BJP and Shiv Sena took the oath of office. It includes ten cabinet rank and ten Ministers of State rank.
Some changes that were done includes divesting the portflio of industries from Prakash Mehta (BJP) to accommodate Subash Desai (Shiv Sena). Mehta has been given housing, mining and labour.
A senior Sena functionary said, “At the beginning we did bargain for the post of deputy chief minister and home. As we believed that our participation should be on equal terms. But we did not pursue as BJP offered us other plum portfolios which has more urban connect.”
The Sena also explained, “The BJP has also agreed to accommodate Anil Desia at centre with a cabinet rank or minister of state (independent rank) ahead.
The Sena has taken resource in the factor that BJP conceded to their demand for swapping industies which was earlier held by Congress minister Narayan Rane. The Sena feels BJP has tried to accommodate some of their concerns by given better choice to their MoS ministers in terms of portflios.
At present the total strength of Fadnavis government is 30 ministers. It includes 18 cabinet rank and 12 ministers of continued…

President Obama slams barbaric murder of US hostage in YemenBy: Agence-France Presse | Washington |
Posted: December 6, 2014 6:45 pm | Updated: December 6, 2014 6:47 pm
President Barack Obama on Saturday condemned the murder of US journalist Luke Somers who was killed in Yemen during a failed raid aimed at freeing him from his Al-Qaeda kidnappers.
“The United States strongly condemns the barbaric murder of Luke Somers at the hands of Al-Qaeda terrorists during a rescue operation,” Obama said in a statement. “I offer my deepest condolences to Luke’s family and to his loved ones.”
Obama also offered support to the family of another hostage, identified as South African Pierre Korkie, who was killed alongside Somers a day before he was due to be freed after more than a year in captivity, according to a charity negotiating his release.
“I also offer my thoughts and prayers to the family of a non-US citizen hostage who was also murdered by these terrorists during the rescue operation. Their despair and sorrow at this time are beyond words,” Obama said.
Somers appeared in a video this week saying his life was in imminent danger and appealing for help, while his captors also released a video threatening to kill the 33-year-old British-born US citizen, who has been held captive for more than a year.
Obama said the captives’ deaths would not deter his government’s attempts to secure American hostages and fight its enemies.
“The United States will spare no effort to use all of its military, intelligence, and diplomatic capabilities to bring Americans home safely, wherever they are located. “Terrorists who seek to harm our citizens will feel the long arm of American justice,” Obama vowed.
The White House said the rescue operation had been carried out in cooperation with the Yemeni government, which is a key US ally in the fight against Al-Qaeda, allowing Washington to conduct a longstanding drone war against the group on its territory.

Ready to support Narendra Modi govt if it does constructive work  says Mamata BanerjeePosted: December 6, 2014 6:22 pm
 
Trinamool Congress was ready to provide “full support” to the Narendra Modi government at the Centre if there was “constructive work” for the benefit of all sections of people, West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee said on Saturday.
“I still feel that if you run the government in a good way, if your work is constructive and genuine and for the welfare of all sections of the people, you will get our full support”, The Trinamool Congress chief said.
In an apparent dig at BJP she said “dividing the people on basis of religion will not be allowed.”
“We must abhor the politics of division. It is against our culture. There is difference between governance and politics. The two must not be mixed”, she said at a communal harmony rally organised by TMC where religious leaders of different religions also participated.
“Do not spare me even if I commit a wrong. But only spreading lies, canards and vilification campaign and attempts to create riots is not religion”, she said.
“One thing should be clear, we will not accept politics of division, destroying the temple and setting fire to mosque. What was the need to create trouble in a church in Delhi”? she asked while addressing a Trinamool Congress rally to mark the anniversary of Babri Mosque near the Gandhi statue here.
Banerjee accused the BJP-led government at the Centre of selling out the country.
“They are selling the country. We have a social responsibility.
What has the new government done? FDI in Railways. FDI in defence. Deregulating the diesel prices. They have hiked excise duty on fuel”, Banerjee said.
“We are fulfilling the commitment we made to the people. We are fulfilling the promises we made in our Manifesto”, Banerjee said referring to her party upping the ante against the Centre over several issues concerning the masses.
“I will only work for the people. Those who have a sense of responsibility cannot commit any wrong. Nothing can be taken for granted”, she said.

TCS CEO eyes huge profits from digital offeringsStory
Digital by default
The TCS CEO foresees at least $4 billion of the company's revenue in the next five years coming from digital offerings.
Ajita Shashidhar      Follow @AjitaShashidhar    Edition: Dec 21, 2014
N. Chandrasekaran, chief executive officer, TCS | BEST CEO: Very Large Companies and IT & ITES (Large Companies) | (Photo: Rachit Goswami)
When the iPhone 6 was launched in September, one of the first persons to buy it was N. Chandrasekaran, CEO of Tata Consultancy Services (TCS). The 51-year-old was on a business trip to New York but managed to walk up to an Apple Store to buy a piece.
Chandra, as his colleagues fondly call him, is a gadget freak. He owns more than 500 gadgets, mostly smartphones - from a Samsung Galaxy Note 4 to the latest Motorola phone and tablets of all sizes. "I buy a new smartphone within 24 hours of its launch," he says. One of his favourite gadgets is his Polar Watch, which helps him track his fitness. Chandra is an avid runner and is a regular at the New York, Amsterdam and Mumbai marathons. He spends a lot of time with these gadgets to understand how one could use them in business. The company had recently provided technology to a bank in Belgium to set up an all-mobile lender. The bank has no physical branches and all transactions are conducted through mobile.
TCS has also built technology for a car insurance company in the US where the insurer can observe how the person is driving and get a sense of the car's performance through an app, based on which the policy is framed and the premium is calculated.
About N. Chandrasekaran
Chandrasekaran says everything the company would do from now on would have a digital flavour. He says that in the next five years at least $4 billion to $5 billion of TCS's revenue would come from digital. "Every once in a while technology makes a big disruption. This time the disruption is because of mobiles, smartphones and social media. It's far-reaching," he says.
Stressing the need to adopt the digital way, Chandra says, "The question is not whether you have an opportunity to adopt; you are actually in the middle of it. Whether you like it or not, what you say is going to be tweeted. Whether you like it or not, somebody will take a picture of you and put it on social media. We are in the middle of it, so we have to deal with it." He says digital world acronyms such as "LOL" (short for laughing out loud) have become a part of life that one has to accept.
LOL he should be right now, as he has emerged the best CEO for the second consecutive year. TCS's revenue and net profit have more than doubled since Chandra took over as CEO in October 2009. Total income has grown at a compound annual pace of 31 per cent and profit has risen 36 per cent in the past three years. In comparison, rival Wipro's revenue and profits have risen by only 15 per cent.
FULL COVERAGE: India's Best CEOs 2014
Satya Ramaswamy, Vice President and Head of Digital Enterprise, TCS, says it is Chandra's sense of timing that has given the company a clear edge over competition. "He realised that digital was the way forward way back in 2010 and has been consistently encouraging the team to invest in digital capabilities and solutions," says Ramaswamy.
"Every once in a while technology makes a big disruption. This time the disruption is because of mobiles, smartphones and social media. It's far-reaching"
Chandrasekaran has coined a term 'Default is Digital', as he believes that every aspect of the human life has a digital side to it. "Everything is real time and I almost feel the only thing that is not public is what you are thinking. With the progress in cognitive sciences, a few years from now, even what you think will be public," he says.
The first step he took towards positioning TCS as a digitally-savvy technology company is by making his own place of work completely digital and getting his own workforce to think and act digital. "The CEO told us we had to practice what we preach. We can't be merely preaching digital," says Krish Ashok, Head, Social Media and Workplace Re-Imagination, TCS.
In the past two years TCS has created over 3,600 online social communities for its employees to interact. These communities are not just work related; they are on fitness, photography, technology and so on. There is a platform, Know Me, which is the equivalent of Facebook, meant only for TCS employees . The company has at least 20 internal apps which the employees can access on iOS and Android.
A few innovative apps for TCS staff
One of Chandra's favourite is Just Ask. "If you have a doubt or there is anything that you want to know, just go and ask and within a minute 10,000 people are responding," he says. These tools have enabled his employees to communicate with each other openly. With 70 per cent of TCS workforce being Gen-Y - people born in the 1980s and early 90s - digital tools have come in extremely handy to communicate with them.
In fact, the company sometime back moved to the practice of wearing smart causals to work instead of stiff formal wear. This, says Ashok, was thanks to a campaign started by a young employee on their platform, Know Me. "The campaign received a large number of likes and the policy was changed."
Chandra, however, is not too active in any of these platforms. "Initially, I was posting a lot and then I kind of stepped back. I don't want it to become a top-down thing where everybody is waiting for what I am going to say. The point is for people to communicate, network, so that the company functions through our communication medium."
Chandra isn't active even on the public social media platforms. He says he doesn't have time for it. He does have a Twitter account where he follows people, but seldom tweets. "I use Twitter mostly as an information tool. I have a 16-year-old at home, so, I exactly know how it works. He is all the time thumbing, reading online. So, I am reasonably savvy."
DIGITAL BUSINESS
In 2012, TCS started an exercise called Digital Re-Imagination. The idea was to re-imagine the clients' business on the pillars of Big Data, mobility, social media, cloud and so on. "In the last two years he himself has been spearheading in-depth research that the company has been doing on how Big Data, cloud and social media have been impacting lives of consumers. Very few people have the kind of knowledge he has," says Ramaswamy.
The other nominees: Very large companies
Pradeep Mukherjee, President and Managing Director at Avasant, a consultancy, agrees that a focus on digital platforms has become imperative for all technology companies. Mukherjee believes that among the current lot it is Accenture which has a clear edge in digital solutions. "However, TCS under the dynamic leadership of Chandra is fast-catching up. I am sure they will soon be market leaders in the digital space too."
TCS has been consistently coming up with digital solutions. One of the recent solutions, says Ramaswamy, is a Big Data system for a diesel engine manufacturer for trucks, that predicts the failure of the engine. "The Big Data system fitted in the engine sends a message saying that the engine requires a service and also tells them about the nearest service centre," he says.
Chandra says digital is not about building mobile apps, it is about building business models. "It's about changing the whole way of working the products and services you offer. So, how do you bring the channels, products and services and what's the change in the business process? What we are seeing in the last one year is a holistic engagement."
Chandra says TCS recently helped a US retailer re-think its customer strategy by helping it create a digital platform that tracked its customers' shopping behaviour not just at the stores but also online. This has helped the retailer do real-time promotions. "It has resulted in higher sales for the retailer," he claims.
He says five years from now digital will become the mainstream business of all software services companies. "Today we call digital as cloud, social, mobile, Big Data analytics and so on, but that will keep changing as on top of these technologies, you are building more technologies like 3D printing, the Internet of Things and so on."

Consumers to soon get choice to select power discom  says Piyush GoyalBiz leaders in manufacturing sector optimistic about next  year: Survey
In a significant power sector reform measure, the government said it will soon make necessary amendments to the Electricity Act to allow consumers to choose their distribution company.
“Electricity Act has been in discussion for quite some time. The act was put up for stakeholders’ consultation. We have received various suggestions,” Power and Coal Minister Piyush Goyal told reporters here at a CII event.
“What we are looking at is allowing competition at last mile delivery so that consumers have a choice of supplier of electricity… it will also help states serve the people better,” the Minister said.
Goyal assured that wherever there are existing power purchase agreements, the interests of stakeholders will be protected in consultation with certain benchmarks set by the regulator.
The Minister said competition will be encouraged at the last mile in the interest of keeping tariff low, competitive and for better customer service.
On being asked about allowing end users of electricity to select their own power distribution firm, Goyal said it will be done gradually, adding that it was tried in Maharashtra but due to some court decisions it couldn’t go further.
There were some hurdles under the Electricity Act of 2003, he said when asked why the proposed model did not work in that state.
“We are trying to resolve those hurdles under the current amendment to the Electricity Act,” he added.
TAGS: Piyush Goyal
More from economy
Tamil Nadu govt floats tenders for 11 lakh laptops The Tamil Nadu government has floated tenders for issuing about 11 lakh computers to students under the free laptop...

New Maruti Alto K10 vs Hyundai Eon 1.0: Small cars  big funBMW, Mercedes shift gears
Of all the entry-level hatchbacks available in the country—Maruti’s Alto 800 and Alto K10, Datsun Go, Hyundai’s Eon and Santro Xing, Tata Nano, and Chevrolet Spark—the most popular, clearly, are the Alto and the Eon. This year, both manufacturers upped their small car quotient—while Hyundai planted a more powerful engine in the Eon in May, Maruti launched the new Alto K10 in November. But which of these is India’s best, and most exciting, entry-level hatchback?
We have for long maintained that the Eon is the most well-thought-out small car in India, and now with a 1.0-litre engine, it is among the most powerful. The Alto K10’s complete makeover ensures it looks better than the earlier model, and with new interiors, it is among the most cosseting.
Exterior
Eon 1.0: It is the smallest Hyundai car that is made on the company’s famous fluidic sculpture design philosophy. The design of the Eon is so practical that it is a good thing Hyundai has not changed it until now—its attire is quite dapper for entry-level hatchback standards. However, the 1.0-litre Eon differentiates itself from the 0.8-litre model only by way of a small exterior badging.
Alto K10: The good news is Maruti hasn’t given the K10 a minor facelift but a complete makeover. The not-so-good is the K10 still doesn’t truly stand out as far as design is concerned. The front gets a tiny grille flanked by large swept-back headlamps with chrome inserts. Yes, the front looks unique, but that’s where the story ends. The sides are more or less plain and the rear looks like that of the Alto 800’s. The new outside rear-view mirrors (ORVMs) clearly show you the road behind.
Interior
Eon 1.0: It comes fully-loaded with a factory-fitted audio system that goes well with the multi-layered dashboard. A nice feature is the gear-shift indicator and a very functional feature is low-fuel warning indicator. Then there are plenty of ‘usable’ cubbyholes, decent cabin space, top-notch plastic quality and comfortable seats. It doesn’t get a tachometer, though. The Eon 1.0, strangely enough, doesn’t get a driver-side airbag, not even as an option. Overall, the Eon’s cabin looks like it belongs to a more expensive car.
Alto K10: The new car is 75 mm shorter in length but smart engineering means cabin space hasn’t been compromised. The recesses at the back of front seats give rear occupants more legroom (an inch-and-a-half extra). From the front seats, however, it is a whole new experience. Thanks to the new upholstery and the silver inserts in the dual-tone dash, everything at the front—from the steering wheel to the audio buttons, from the door handles to even the armrest—feels plush for its class. Yet the interior falls slightly short of the fit-and-finish levels of the Eon. Also, while the front headroom and shoulder-room is ample, there is a lack of legroom—you have to slide the front seat backwards for your legs to move freely. The top-of-the-line model gets a driver-side airbag, front power windows, integrated audio system, internally-adjustable ORVMs, keyless entry, gear shift indicator, fog lamps and more.
Engine
Eon 1.0: The new 1.0-litre, three-cylinder Kappa engine produces a peak power of 68 bhp and a peak torque of 9.6 kgm, both numbers significantly higher than the 0.8-litre Eon’s 55 bhp and 7.6 kgm. The 1.0-litre dual VTVT, DOHC engine delivers a company-claimed mileage of 20.3 kmpl (the 0.8-litre Eon delivers 21.1 kmpl).
Alto K10: At the heart of the K10 is Maruti’s 1.0-litre K-Next petrol engine. It gets the drive-by-wire technology and produces a maximum power of 67 bhp and a torque of 9.18 kgm. It has an ARAI-specified fuel economy of 24.07 kmpl—fantastic by any standards.
Performance
Eon 1.0: Planting a refined 1.0-litre engine into a light-weight car can produce very good results. In the Eon, it is apparent as soon as you fire the engine. First, you don’t feel much vibrations on the gear lever or the steering wheel. Then, when you slot into the first gear and let go off the clutch, the car moves ahead in a spirited manner. Shift into the second gear, press the accelerator and this little wonder simply shoots ahead, or so it seems because you generally don’t associate many small cars with such swiftness. In our basic test, the Eon went from 0-100 kmph in about 14 seconds—quick for its class. It feels planted even at 120 kmph—at least on a smooth road. The Eon gets a motor-driven electric power steering but doesn’t get tilt steering—so you can’t adjust the steering angle. The steering suits city-driving conditions and parking the Eon in tight spaces is quite easy.
Alto K10: The K-Next petrol engine is quite zippy and is perhaps the strongest point of India’s favourite small car. Its power delivery is refined and it likes to be revved hard. The gear-shifts in the manual model are smooth (smoother than the Eon’s), steering is light, and this ensures the Alto K10 remains a very agile car. The ventilated disc brakes at the front and drums at the rear are very capable for the light-weighted K10. While the Alto K10 is a second slower to the ton (0-100 kmph in 15 seconds), it feels more planted than the Eon at high speeds. Driveability is K10’s plus point—cornering on bad roads you feel confident in this small car.
Verdict
From R3.91 lakh (Magna+) to R4.03 lakh (Magna+O), the Eon 1.0 is costly for its class. The Kappa engine is a gem, cabin space is good and the car looks upmarket, but we wish Hyundai could have given the Eon 1.0 equipment such as tachometer, metallic-finish steering wheel, tilt steering, and provided airbags at least as an option.
From R3.06 lakh (LX) to R3.57 lakh (VXI-O), one of the best value-for-money cars in its class has clearly upped its game. (The Eon 1.0’s competitor in the features department is the VXI-O model.) The Alto K10’s finest traits are its engine, driveability and fuel-efficiency. It was cramped, and it remains a cramped car.
If you are looking for a peppy urban runabout, the Eon 1.0 is hard to beat. Features-to-features, it is half a lakh rupees costlier than the Alto K10. But once you buy the Eon and start living with it, you do feel why it is called the most well-thought-out small car in India. On the other hand, the Alto K10 is more fuel-efficient, offers slightly better ride quality and costs far lesser, so it comes across as a sensible choice as of now—remember, Maruti still has a better service network. The Eon 1.0 is a better car, the Alto K10 is a logical buy. Take your pick.
(Prices are ex-showroom, Delhi, for metallic paint. The Alto K10 also comes with an Auto Gear Shift option, for R3.80 lakh.)
TAGS: Alto K10 Cars Hyundai Hyundai Eon MAruti Alto K10
More from automobiles

Lima Climate Conference: Important discussions around INDC- the main building block for the future climatetreatyWritten by Amitabh Sinha | Lima |
Posted: December 6, 2014 7:48 pm | Updated: December 12, 2014 10:46 am
The two-week annual climate conference being held at Lima has reached its half-way stage. Amitabh Sinha takes you through the discussions that have taken place in the last one week.
What has been achieved in the first week?
The climate talks have never delivered any result in the first week and there have been no decisions here as well. Parallel sessions are being held on a wide variety of issues including the basic elements of the climate agreement that is expected to come into being in next year’s meeting at Paris. A large number of technical and administrative sessions are also held.
So what has been the progress made?
The most important discussions have been focused around INDCs, or Intended Nationally-Determined Contributions, which is the main building block for the future climate treaty. Each country has to report by next year what it intends to do to contribute to the fight against climate change. Various options on the kind of actions that can be included as ‘contributions’ have been discussed. There are differing views on this and countries are far away from convergence. The discussions on these will become more intense in the second week. The main points of contention on INDCs are the following–
· Inclusion of Adaptation, finance and transfer of technology: European Union, Japan and some other countries are of the view that only actions that help in reducing greenhouse gas emissions should be counted as ‘contributions’ in INDCs. Almost every developing country, including India, however, wants adaptation measures also to be counted. These countries also want efforts on providing money or transferring technology to poorer nations to be included in INDCs. This will help in holding the rich countries accountable to their promises on ensuring financial and technology flows. The tug-of-war has just begun and this battle is likely to continue till the very end. There is a fair chance that the developing countries might win this battle.
· Commitment Period: The other disagreement is about the time period for which ‘contributions’ are committed. On this, India is on board with the European Union in asking for longer commitment periods, at least ten years, starting from 2020. China is also in favour of a ten- year commitment period. The idea is that longer commitment period would ensure better predictability of actions, better actions, and more stability to investments being made. The United States, however, wants five-year commitment periods so that countries can make quicker review of their actions and enhance their ambition or change their plans if required.
· Ex-post Review: Since the INDCs are ‘nationally-determined’ and voluntary, the level of ambition in making ‘contributions’ is likely to be low. There is a distinct possibility that the total ‘contributions’ of all the countries might not be adequate to keep the global temperatures rise below continued…

Trees felled  power cut as Typhoon Hagupit hitsPhilippinesBy: Reuters | Manila |
Posted: December 6, 2014 7:28 pm | Updated: December 6, 2014 7:29 pm
Strong winds felled trees as a powerful typhoon roared into the eastern Philippines on Saturday, bringing intense rain and threatening to wreak more destruction to areas still bearing the scars of a super typhoon 13 months ago.
More than half a million people had already fled to shelters ahead of Typhoon Hagupit making landfall, in what a U.N. agency said was one of the world’s biggest peacetime evacuations.
As the storm arrived, power was cut across most of the central Philippine island of Samar and nearby Leyte province, including Tacloban City, considered ground zero of the devastating super typhoon Haiyan last year.
“The wind is blowing so strongly, it’s like it is whirling,” Mabel Evardone, an official of the coastal town of Sulat in Eastern Samar, said on local radio. “The waters have risen now.” There was no word of any casualties.
Hagupit had weakened to a category 3 storm, two notches below “super typhoon”, but could still unleash huge destruction with torrential rain and potentially disastrous storm surges of up to 4.5 metres (15 ft), the weather bureau PAGASA said.
The eye of the typhoon was 55 km (35 miles) from the town of Dolores, Eastern Samar, around 8 p.m. (1200 GMT), PAGASA said.
“It is very, very close. What they are experiencing in that area is the impact of the eyewall, they are feeling the strongest winds brought by the typhoon,” weather forecaster Jori Loiz said on radio.
With winds of up to 175 kph (110 mph) near the centre and gusts of up to 210 kph (130 mph), the storm picked up speed as it moved north northwest at 16 kph (10 mph).
“Ruby’s lashing will be severe,” Interior Secretary Manuel Roxas told government radio, referring to the local name for Typhoon Hagupit. “Let’s be alert. Let’s evacuate to prevent any harm to your families.”
Philippine Airlines and Cebu Pacific cancelled about 100 flights to central and southern Philippines on Saturday.
More than 616,000 residents of low-lying villages and landslide-prone areas have fled to schools, civic centres, town halls, gyms and churches, the national disaster agency said.
At least 50 municipalities in the central Philippines and the southern part of the country’s main Luzon island were at risk of storm surges, with the eye of the storm set to cross four provinces, the Science and Technology department said.
The typhoon was unlikely to hit the capital Manila, home to around 12 million people, the agency said.
“Typhoon Hagupit is triggering one of the largest evacuations we have ever seen in peacetime,” said Denis McClean, spokesman of the United Nations Office for Disaster continued…

Devendra Fadnavis team: Portfolios allocated; BJP retains keydepartmentsWritten by Shubhangi Khapre | Mumbai |
Posted: December 6, 2014 7:19 pm | Updated: December 6, 2014 8:46 pm
Maharashtra chief minister Devendra Fadnavis on Saturday allocated the portfolios with BJP clearly having an upper hand as it managed to retain the top seven departments such as home, urban development,finance, revenue, water resources and energy.
Despite pressure the chief minister has retained the most critical home department with himself along with urban development which Sena was vying during talks.
The Shiv Sena which was engaged in a hard bargain appears to have settled for industry, public works department (MSRDC), health, environment and transport. Despite week long negotiations BJP managed to scrap the deputy chief minister post and also ensured home was not negotiable.
However, BJP’s flexibility to offer energy was turned down as Sena preferred transport and industries. However, health is a very significant portflios which the Sena wants to exploit to its advantage.
The senior BJP minister Girish Bapat has been entrusted with ministry of food and civil supplies, food and drug administration and parliamentary affairs. The water resources ministry which was controversial following alleged irrigation scams has been vested with senior (MLA) Girish Mahajan.
The energy portflio where BJP intends to bring major reforms reckoning the challenges ahead has been given to Chandrashekhar Bawankule. The big budget ministry of social justice goes to Rajkumar Badole and water supply and sanitation to Babanrao Lonikar.
In Shiv Sena senior cabinet minister Subash Desai gets industries, Eknath Shinde wrests PWD (MSRDC, Public Undertaking), Ramdas Kadam holds environment, Deepak Sawant who is medical doctor by profession gets health and family welfare and Diwakar Raote has been given transport ministry.
On Friday 20 ministers including ten each from BJP and Shiv Sena took the oath of office. It includes ten cabinet rank and ten Ministers of State rank.
Some changes that were done includes divesting the portflio of industries from Prakash Mehta (BJP) to accommodate Subash Desai (Shiv Sena). Mehta has been given housing, mining and labour.
A senior Sena functionary said, “At the beginning we did bargain for the post of deputy chief minister and home. As we believed that our participation should be on equal terms. But we did not pursue as BJP offered us other plum portfolios which has more urban connect.”
The Sena also explained, “The BJP has also agreed to accommodate Anil Desia at centre with a cabinet rank or minister of state (independent rank) ahead.
The Sena has taken resource in the factor that BJP conceded to their demand for swapping industies which was earlier held by Congress minister Narayan Rane. The Sena feels BJP has tried to accommodate some of their concerns by given better choice to their MoS ministers in terms of portflios.
At present the total strength of Fadnavis government is 30 ministers. It includes 18 cabinet rank and 12 ministers of continued…

Kiss protest to be held in Kozhikode tomorrowKiss protest to be held in Kozhikode tomorrow
PTI  Kozhikode, December 06, 2014
First Published: 20:01 IST(6/12/2014) | Last Updated: 20:04 IST(6/12/2014)
Comments
To take on moral policing, another Kiss protest called 'Kiss in the Street' will be organised here at different venues on Sunday.
Two women lock lips near the RSS office in Jhandewalan as part of the ‘Kiss of Love’ campaign in Delhi on Saturday. Nearly 300 people gathered at the venue to protest moral policing. (Mohd Zakir/HT Photo)
The protest will be held at around 3pm at the Moffusil bus stand to start with and over 1,000 participants are expected, short filmmaker and IT professional Rahul Pasupalan, who was behind the 'Kiss of Love' campaign at Kochi, told PTI.
A Facebook collective of "Free Thinkers", led by Rahul, had been arrested and removed by police when they tried to stage the kiss protest on November 2 at Kochi.
However, there was an outpouring of solidarity for the cause represented by the collective and similar protests were held in various places outside Kerala, including college campuses.
"It will be the same mode of protest", Rahul said. "However, this time, no prior permission is being sought from the police," he added. There are plans to hold similar protests in two or three other places in Kozhikode on Sunday, but the venues have not been decided, he said. Those participating in the protest include a theatre group from Chennai.
The members of Panmai Theatre group from Chennai, will be staging 'Colour of Trans' here this evening. They would also take part in the 'Kiss of Love' protest tomorrow, Rahul said.
The Group of Facebook users had called for the programme to protest against the vandalism by Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha volunteers at a hotel in Kozhikode, alleging that immoral activities were going on there.

Bengal: BJP supporter branded with burning cigarette  Trinamool comes under fireComments
Alleged Trinamool Congress workers branded a 40-year-old Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) supporter with the letters 'TMC' -- acronym for the ruling party in West Bengal -- by using a burning cigarette last Wednesday.
The incident took place in Hooghly district -- adjoining Kolkata -- after Bishnu Choudhury reportedly participated in BJP national president Amit Shah's rally and is likely to spell fresh embarrassment for the Trinamool, which is already facing the heat over Saradha chit fund scam, terror activities and alleged hooliganism on the part of its supporters on quite a few occasions of late.
Bishnu Choudhury was subjected to torture for reportedly attending Amit Shah's rally in Kolkata. Alleged Trinamool Congress workers branded the 40-year-old BJP supporter with the letters 'TMC' by using a burning cigarette last Wednesday. (HT photo)
Choudhury, a driver by profession, was allegedly threatened at gunpoint with dire consequences if he lodged a complaint with police, after being subjected to the torture.
But, the BJP supporter took up the issue with district leaders Saturday and mailed his complaint to the local police station, superintendent of Hooghly district police and the human rights commission through a registered post.
 
According to the BJP, some Trinamool leaders had warned BJP workers against attending Shah's rally in the heart of Kolkata on November 30.
"Choudhury not only refused (to relent) but also took a few neighbours with him to attend the rally. Once he came back to his home in the evening, Trinamool workers started threatening him," said Swapan Pal, the vice-president of the BJP's Hooghly wing.
According to the complaint lodged by Choudhury, a group of Trinamool workers abducted him from the road and took him to a nearby party office when he was returning from work Wednesday.
 
"The group assaulted me and then one of them pressed burning cigarettes against my chest to write the letters 'TMC'. Then they took me home... they threatened me at gunpoint and told me not to lodge a complaint with the police," said Choudhury.
 
"It's sheer autocracy in place in Bengal. The ruling party will now decide who will support which political party!" said BJP state president Rahul Sinha.
 
CPI(M) leader Bikash Bhattacharyya, an advocate and former mayor of Kolkata, said, "In 1971, Congress supporters hammered a nail in the head of a youth in Sonarpur (on the outskirts of Kolkata) who dared to support the CPI(M). Trinamool Congress …is an offshoot of the Congress. The party should be banned as their ways are no different from a terror organisation."
 
Congress state president Adhir Chowdhury too condemned the incident.
"We can't fight among ourselves to decide who will support which party. We can only win their (voters') hearts by campaigning. What is happening now is the manifestation of sheer panic by the ruling party. If BJP gains a foothold in Bengal, such brutality by the supporters of Mamata Banerjee's party will be solely responsible."
Frequent clashes between Trinamool and BJP supporters have been reported in the state following the April-May Lok Sabha elections, in which the saffron party won 16.8% vote share and bagged two of the 42 seats.
Shah, in his recent rally, sounded the poll bugle in Bengal, asking people to overthrow the government led by Mamata Banerjee in the 2016 assembly elections while making it clear that the BJP was trying to find a foothold in the state.
 
An officer from the Mogra police station said they had received Choudhury's complaint and an investigation was on.
"The victim has named a few local Trinamool workers and we would soon nab them. We are also checking whether the complaint is framed," an official from Mogra police station said.
 
Trinamool leaders from Hooghly, however, claimed the complaint was false.
"Chowdhury is an active political worker and was a Trinamool supporter even a few months back. He had recently joined BJP and their leaders are using him to frame false charges against our supporters," said Trinamool Hooghly district president Tapan Dasgupta.
 
Local BJP leaders have decided to hit the roads Sunday against the incident. "If police don't make any arrest by Sunday morning, we will gherao the SP office," said Krishna Bhattacharya, BJP Hooghly district president.

Aam aadmi should also be able to fly business class: KejriwalKejriwal bats for commoners flying business class
PTI  New Delhi, December 06, 2014
First Published: 19:58 IST(6/12/2014) | Last Updated: 21:33 IST(6/12/2014)
Comments
Aam Aadmi Party chief Arvind Kejriwal on Saturday stoutly defended himself against the opposition's criticism of him travelling abroad in business class, saying that it was his dream for India that an 'aam aadmi' should also be able to travel the same way.
Speaking at a seminar organised by the Abu Dhabi Chapter of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI), AAP National Convener, Kejriwal, claimed that "Our dream for India is that 'aam aadmi' should be able to travel business class."
Kejriwal had on Thursday flown business class to Dubai to attend a felicitation event, sparking strong reaction from the opposition which said his "real face" had been "exposed".
The AAP, however, sprang to Kejriwal's defence, asking whether it was a crime to travel business class, a facility it said was provided by the organisers.
At the seminar, Kejriwal also spoke about India's changing political landscape and importance of economic development. "Technology has played an important role in creating jobs in India in recent years and has also helped in deterring corruption," Kejriwal said.
Outlining the priorities of any government, he said that law and order, ensuring justice and improving and facilitating infrastructure development should be at the top of the list. He said that if this is done with good intentions, then the benefits reach the common man otherwise wealth gets accumulated in the hands of a few.
"There is urgent need to increase the number of courts to ensure speedy justice especially in cases related to women," he said adding that this can be done without much hassle. "Some political leaders have had vested interest in not allowing judiciary to become efficient. This is because there have been cases against them and they didn't want to become victims of such a change," he said.
Kejriwal said he has plans to make Delhi a complete WiFi-city and make greater use of technology in surveillance and to maintain law and order.
He said at least 20 new colleges are needed in Delhi to reduce pressure on existing ones and added that education upto 12th class should be free.
The AAP chief is on a five-day visit to Dubai and New York. In New York, he will deliver a lecture at the prestigious Columbia University and dine with his party supporters.
Kejriwal, a former bureaucrat, is known for his simple lifestyle even when he became the Delhi Chief Minister. He said that if governance improves in the country, then things will change drastically.

Actor Dilip Kumar admitted inhospitalWritten by Tabassum Barnagarwala | Mumbai |
Posted: December 6, 2014 8:14 pm | Updated: December 7, 2014 10:52 am
Veteran actor Dilip Kumar was admitted in suburban Lilavati hospital in Bandra on Saturday evening after complaining of cough and cold.
According to the hospital spokesperson, the Bollywood actor has been admitted in a normal ward for treatment of chest infection called bronchopneumonia.
“He is stable and just requires supportive treatment,” the spokesperson said.
Kumar has previously been admitted in the hospital for routine check ups.
On Saturday, he was brought to the hospital after 6 pm following which a team of doctors did his check-up.

http://usat.ly/1Bmv3u7FacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
2014: Year of the Uber-ing of everything
We're living in an age where pursuits and perks once reserved for the rich are being democratized by tech entrepreneurs. Here are 5 apps that bring Uber-like convenience to your life.
Post to Facebook
2014: Year of the Uber-ing of everything We're living in an age where pursuits and perks once reserved for the rich are being democratized by tech entrepreneurs. Here are 5 apps that bring Uber-like convenience to your life. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1A0XsBY
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
9
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
2014: Year of the Uber-ing of everything
Marco della Cava , USA TODAY 2:40 p.m. EST December 12, 2014
One of many Luxe Valet staffers, who meet you and your car after they're summoned by their app.
(Photo: Courtesy of Luxe Valet)
1098 CONNECT 156 TWEET 356 LINKEDIN 9 COMMENTEMAILMORE
SAN FRANCISCO — Look back on 2014 and one thing becomes instantly clear. Technology is helping us become the Laziest Generation.
Think about it, people. In the old days, we'd stand bravely in the rain waiting for a cab. Now we just fire up Uber—which despite executives' unsavory reputation on privacy and women just raised $1.2 billion—and our chariot rolls up.
We used to take pride in getting up early to bag the perfect heirloom tomato at the farmer's market. Now we can just visit GoodEggs.com and a few keystrokes later those multi-hued goodies arrive at our door.
And our stamina and patience had once been battle-tested by painfully slow visits to the post office, but we've been relieved of those trials , too. With Shyp 's app, you take a photo of what you're mailing and a smiling messenger instantly arrives to whisk your item away to a place where elves wrap, box and ship your package off.
Will there not be any drudgery left to enjoy delicious bragging rights like,"You can only get these mushrooms if you're at the market by 5 a.m."?
Not if tech entrepreneurs can help it.
"We're definitely at this amazing crossroads where you have so many people with computers in their pockets in the form of smartphones, and at the same time culturally we're more comfortable than ever trusting others with our things," says Curtis Lee, who has stolen from us the sweet thrill of finding an elusive parking space.
Lee's start-up, Luxe Valet , allows you to pre-arrange for a uniformed valet attendant to meet you at your destination. When you're finished, you can have your car meet you at the same or a different location. The cost is $5 an hour, with a $15 cap. For a fee, they'll gas up and wash your car, too.
Luxe Valet's app allows you to alert their blue-jacketed valet attendants about where you'll meet them; they take your car and re-deliver it to you at the same or a different location.
(Photo: Courtesy of Luxe Valet)
"Some people think we're a service for the one-percenters, but the most common car we park is a Prius with baby seats in it," says Lee, whose business, which raised $5.5 million from the likes of Google Ventures and Redpoint Ventures, is up and running in San Francisco with other cities online soon. "It's really about safety and convenience. And about saving your time, which has a value."
What many of these businesses truck in is the democratization of things that once had an elitist cache. Uber started out as a way for Town Car drivers to make extra money in their down time. And who doesn't like to ride in a Town Car instead of a smelly cab?
Well, Sergey Petrossov thinks he can do Uber one better when it comes to helping the masses masquerade as millionaires. Petrossov has created an Uber for private jets.
JetSmarter CEO Sergey Petrossov wants to make it easier for the masses to order up a private jet, even providing free ones to JetSmarter members.
(Photo: Courtesy of JetSmarter)
Called JetSmarter , it charges $7,000 for an annual membership, which entitles you not only to discounted rates on the chartering of jets but also occasional free flights if your travel plans happen to match up with routes that would normally be flown empty as a jet returns from one location to its home base. Non-members can also use the service, just without the free-flight perks. On Christmas Day and New Years Eve, he'll offer up empty legs to non-members as a way to amp up interest.
Petrossov's vision was less about providing everyone with a slice of the Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous, and more about bringing transparency and efficiency to a marketplace that he felt had neither.
After the 26-year-old's first business venture did well, he decided to charter a jet for fun with friends. "The process was archaic," he says. "You had to deal with a broker and you really had no confidence in what was going on."
So who's signing up? Petrossov will only say that his app has had 300,000 downloads since it launched toward the end of last year, with 1,200 flights booked this year.

FBI warns of  destructive  cyber attack in U.S.Updated: December 2, 2014 10:08 IST
FBI warns of 'destructive' cyber attack in U.S.
Reuters
A view of the FBI headquarters in Washington.
TOPICS
USA
The Federal Bureau of Investigation warned U.S. businesses that hackers have used malicious software to launch a destructive cyber attack in the United States, following a devastating breach last week at Sony Pictures Entertainment.
Cyber security experts said the malicious software described in the alert appeared to describe the one that affected Sony, which would mark first major destructive cyber attack waged against a company on U.S. soil.
"I believe the coordinated cyber attack with destructive payloads against a corporation in the U.S. represents a watershed event," said Tom Kellermann, chief cyber security officer with security software maker Trend Micro Inc. "Geopolitics now serves as harbingers for destructive cyber attacks."
The five-page, confidential "flash" FBI warning issued to businesses late on Monday provided some technical details about the malicious software used in the attack. It provided advice on how to respond to the malware and asked businesses to contact the FBI if they identified similar malware.
The report said the malware overrides all data on hard drives of computers, including the master boot record, which prevents them from booting up.
"The overwriting of the data files will make it extremely difficult and costly, if not impossible, to recover the data using standard forensic methods," the report said.
The document was sent to security staff at some U.S. companies in an email that asked them not to share the information.
The FBI released the document in the wake of last Monday's unprecedented attack on Sony Pictures Entertainment, which brought corporate email down for a week and crippled other systems as the company prepares to release several highly anticipated films during the holiday film season.
The FBI said it is investigating the attack with help from the Department of Homeland Security. Sony has hired FireEye Inc's Mandiant incident response team to help clean up after the attack.

No more subsidised kerosene through PDSNEW DELHI, December 4, 2014
Updated: December 5, 2014 00:39 IST
Exclusive
No more subsidised kerosene through PDS
Puja Mehra
People queue up for kerosene at a ration shop in Hyderabad. File photo: Mohammed Yousuf
TOPICS
consumer issue
Only un-electrified households will be entitled to subsidised fuel
Attacking the subsidy regime, Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has scrapped the supply of subsidised kerosene through the Public Distribution System (PDS). The Centre plans to write to States asking them to provide subsidised kerosene only to un-electrified households. States which have achieved near 100 per cent electrification will be incentivised to become kerosene-free, a Finance Ministry source told The Hindu. In the remaining States, un-electrified households will be given the choice between cash subsidy in lieu of kerosene allocation and upfront subsidy for greener solar lighting systems. This decision comes close on the heels of cuts in the Centre’s social sector spending allocations aimed at aligning plan expenditure with subdued revenue collections.
The allocation of kerosene subsidy will now be in accordance with Census 2011 data, which shows that it’s no longer a fuel of choice for cooking but is used for lighting purposes.
The Census showed that kerosene has been almost completely replaced by LPG in urban and semi-urban areas and biomass is the cooking fuel of choice in the rural areas.
Less than 2 per cent of India’s rural households use kerosene as cooking fuel, according to the Census.
Kerosene subsidy outgo is estimated to come down to Rs. 5,852.14 crore in the next year’s budget to be presented in February. There will no longer be a budget line for PDS kerosene. Total petroleum subsidy (for PDS kerosene, LPG and diesel) was Rs. 63,427 crore in the current year’s budget. Going by the Census data, the UPA government too was gradually phasing out PDS kerosene.
UPA policy on withdrawal taken forward
With the decision to stop the supply of kerosene through the PDS, the Centre hopes it will automatically lead to a reduction in leakage for the adulteration of diesel. PDS kerosene leakages have been estimated to be as much as 40 per cent of the total allocations.
Going by the Census data, the UPA government too had been gradually phasing out PDS kerosene, withdrawing it from 5-7 per cent of the total electrified rural households every year. Earlier, the Modi government put this policy on hold, but now it has decided to do away with PDS kerosene altogether.
After the dismantling of the administered pricing mechanism, the A.B. Vajpayee government in 2002 had rolled out the PDS kerosene and the domestic LPG subsidy scheme. Under the scheme, the subsidy on PDS kerosene is met from budgetary grants of the Oil Ministry. The quantity of PDS kerosene on which subsidy is allowed for each State is limited to the allocations made by the Oil Ministry, on the basis of the actual volumes sold.
The amount of PDS kerosene subsidy is calculated as the difference in cost price and issue price per selling unit.
Currently, State-owned oil companies such as Indian Oil Corporation, Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Limited and Bharat Petroleum Corporation Limited are allowed to participate in the scheme.

Babri Masjid anniversary: Over 10 thousand security personnel guarding AyodhyaBy: Press Trust of India | Ayodhya |
Posted: December 5, 2014 9:53 pm | Updated: December 6, 2014 11:08 am
On the eve of 22nd anniversary of Babri mosque demolition, the temple town has turned into a fortress with nearly 10,000 security personnel deployed amid calls by Muslim outfits to mark the day by hoisting black flags even as Hindu bodies seek to commemorate it.
Prohibitory orders have been clamped in the city and mounted police will be among about 10,000 police and anti-riot personnel keeping a vigil.
The local administration has laid a three-tier security cordon around the twin cities of Ayodhya and Faizabad with officials of superintendent rank manning the key areas.
Two dozens CCTV cameras have also been installed across the Ayodhya city.
Muslim organisations have announced that it will be marked as a black day while appealing to the community to hoist black flags and observe a shutdown.
While the Hindu organisations, including Vishwa Hindu Parishad, has said it will observe it as “day of bravery victory”.
A flood company of PAC has been deployed in Saryu river for round the clock water patrolling to prevent any untoward incident that may happen through the river.
All the entry points of Ayodhya city have been sealed and entry is permitted only after complete security check.
Senior Superintendent of Police KB Singh said,”We are in regular touch with the responsible and peace- loving people of both the communities. The day of December 6 will be passed peacefully without any hindrance in the normal life of the twin town.”

Essel to adopt revenue-sharing model for smart citiessocial infrastructure
The Essel group is planning to adopt a revenue sharing model for developing smart cities, Chairman Subhas Chandra said here on Thursday.
Although best known for its entertainment and media business, the Essel group is involved in diverse sectors such as education, wellness, infrastructure, manufacturing, gold refining and financial services.
The group has already signed a memorandum of understanding with the Madhya Pradesh Government for developing five smart cities. A month ago, it moved the West Bengal Government to develop a smart city in the state.
“Our model is a public-private-partnership, and rests on the premise of growing the city’s economy so as to maximise revenue with a revenue-sharing formula,” he said at a media interaction.
The group hopes to be able to showcase its first smart city within two years of signing a definite agreement with the Madhya Pradesh Government. Essel would take up only cities with a population of over five lakh for this initiative, he said, adding that a smart city was all about giving uninterrupted services to citizens through smart governance and better surveillance. Much before the word smart city gained coinage, Essel had developed smart utilities as an integrated utilities brand for consumer-centric service-oriented brand, he said. Pointing out that West Bengal offered immense business potential in sectors such as roads, hydel energy, and power distribution, he said Essel was trying to help the government address certain policy issues.
Media business
On the group’s media business, Mr. Chandra said Zee Entertainment Services now had 928 million viewers, offering content in local languages. It was available in Russia,
Indonesia and the Arab world among 170 destinations. Efforts were on to develop content in Spanish and Portuguese for Latin American countries. “The target is to have 1.4 billion viewers by 2020,” he said.

German regulator puts GVK Bio under lensUpdated: December 5, 2014 22:13 IST
German regulator puts GVK Bio under lens
PTI
pharmaceutical
Clinical trial results of generic drugs questioned
Pharmaceutical research company GVK Bio allegedly manipulated the results of clinical trials of generic drugs it had carried out on behalf of several European manufacturers for many years, media reports have said.
The drug regulators in Germany are now examining whether to suspend the use of more than 100 medicines on suspicion that they are given marketing licences for forged medical reports of human trials supplied by the Hyderabad-based company, TV channels NDR and WDR and the Munich daily Sueddeutsche Zeitung reported on Thursday.
Such studies are crucial for copy-cat drugs to gain marketing licences from the regulators. The manufacturers will have to prove that their generic copy is comparable to the original product.
GVK Bio has been conducting human trials of generic drugs on behalf of globally-operating companies. It also has been conducting tests of new medicines.
The Federal Institute for Medicines and Medical Products, which issues the licences in Germany, confirmed it had been investigating the allegations against the Indian company. The agency said it was too early to determine the exact number of medicines involved, but they might be more than a hundred, according to the reports.
Two drugs manufactured by German company Betapharm and anti-allergy medicine Fexofenadin by Hexal are among the medicines at present being investigated.
German authorities, so far, had no information that the drugs involved posed any health risk for the public, the reports said. The European Union’s drug regulator, European Medicines Agency (EMA), believes GVK Bio has been systematically manipulating its medical studies for a number of years, the reports said. Documents of the EMA and the European Commission showed at least 10 GVK Bio staff members were involved in the forgery, which took place during 2008-13, according to the reports. French drug regulator ANSM found out during a routine control of medical reports earlier this year that GVK Bio had forged the outcome of a study of a drug for heart patients.
In nine studies investigated by the French authorities, they found out that all of them were partly manipulated.
The EMA had in July written to all manufacturers of generic drugs in the EU, seeking details of their cooperation with GVK Bio. The agency will decide shortly whether additional studies are needed for some medicines or they will be withdrawn completely from the market. Germany’s drug regulator too has been seeking similar clarifications from generic drug manufacturers in this country and it will decide shortly whether to suspend the use of the affected drugs.
Concerns addressed, says the company
Reacting to reports, GVK BIO said it had addressed the concerns, and had submitted independent cardiology assessments of the ECGs, indicating that the ECGs could belong to multiple volunteers and it was difficult to conclude that ECGs belonged to the same volunteer.
“We also provided evidence that all key activities such as dosing, blood sampling and processing were adequately controlled, supervised and staff were qualified to do the work,” the company said in a statement in Hyderabad.
GVK BIO also strengthened its operating procedures around taking ECGs and these were accepted by the authorities.
“We are disappointed that despite providing detailed clarifications, unfortunately CHMP (committee for medicinal products for human use) has concluded that though the ‘check-out’ ECGs may have no direct relevance to the quality of the testing of drugs, the fact that the same employees were involved in other critical activities, left an element of doubt on the bio-equivalence results,” it said.
“Hence, authorities have concluded that bio-equivalence (BE) studies conducted at our Hyderabad clinic are not sufficient to support marketing authorisation holders (MAHs) for the products approved,’’ GVK BIO said.
“We expect the marketing authorisation holders will need to repeat the studies in the next 12-15 months.”
“We at GVK BIO believe that the studies conducted are in accordance with the GCP guidelines while we honour the conclusion made by CHMP, and are working with our clinical development customers to provide new data that meets all regulatory requirements,” the statement said.

SBICAP Trustee launches Will creation serviceUpdated: December 5, 2014 22:35 IST
SBICAP Trustee launches Will creation service
Special Correspondent
banking
SBICAP Trustee Company Limited (SBICTCL), on Friday, launched an online Will creation service for all individuals, including State Bank of India and non-State Bank of India customers.
SBICTCL is a wholly-owned subsidiary of SBI Capital Markets Limited (SBICAP), the investment banking subsidiary of State Bank of India (SBI).
“The service, called ‘MyWill Services Online’, enables interested individuals to create a Will online in an easy, transparent, hassle-free and confidential manner,” SBI stated in a release here.
‘MyWill Services Online’ offers the twin advantages of being the only completely online Will-creation portal in the country, maintaining strict confidentiality of information submitted by the individuals at the most competitive rate in the country,” it added.
According to SBI, ‘MyWill Services Online’ platform is the most cost effective solution in its class at a price of Rs.2,500 (excluding payment gateway and applicable taxes), and is aimed at making the writing of a Will as simple and convenient as possible with its state-of-the-art technology.
Also, it said that unlike similar services wherein the information entered online by the user is passed on to legal experts to create the final Will, ‘MyWill Services Online’ enables its users to generate the pro forma Will online, which once printed and signed becomes the ‘MyWill’, “thus providing a truly secure and confidential interface.”
It allows the individuals to write a Will at a convenient location and time via a six-step process — registration, verification, payment, data entry, review and generation. The bank would provide 24x7 contact centre to support and guide during the entire process.

Lessons learnt in hit and miss gameWritten by Bharat Sundaresan | Adelaide |
Posted: December 6, 2014 12:34 am | Updated: December 6, 2014 9:26 am
If the Indian team had snuck out of their alluringly quaint Glenelg outpost on Friday afternoon and ventured into the city for a little peek into their opposition camp, they might have witnessed a brief trailer of what is to come.
Four strapping Australian pacers were running in at full steam and giving their own teammates a good old roughing up, not to forget Greg Blewett’s baseball mitt, which collected most of those left alone. That is not to say the visitors weren’t getting a first-hand taste of it from the next generation of fast bowlers from Down Under in their practice match. They were copping it.
At 11.23 am, Murali Vijay, fluent and languid till then with both his poise and strokeplay, received a thundering blow to the side of his head, just over the ear by a quick bouncer from right-armer Evan Gulbis. The clung of leather on metal stunned everyone present at the Glenelg Oval for a moment.
But Vijay shook it off, turning down calls for attention and carried on. The next delivery from Sam Rainbird rushed Virat Kohli into a hurried sway, as the ball flew past his face into the wicket-keeper’s gloves. Two balls later, came a similar effort from the left-arm pacer. This time Kohli was ready for it, and pulled it away with disdain. Not with the same disdain that Ajinkya Rahane pulled one from Gulbis once Kohli retired out after crossing his half-century.
Though he was tended to at the drinks break, Vijay continued in sublime fashion, stroking fours on either side of the wicket, producing his trademark drives on the off-side, and flicks and tucks through the on-side. When he walked out for a well-made 60, Rohit Sharma walked in.
With Cricket Australia XI opting to welcome the two Mumbai stalwarts with off-spin, Rohit and Rahane picked up the scoring with the former smashing a couple of soaring sixes. And by the end of the day, the Indians had gotten everything they wanted from the practice match.
Three of their batsmen had scored half-centuries, Rohit had fallen two short and then their bowlers had returned to take five home team wickets to end the game on a high, Ishant Sharma snaring two of them. Not to forget the entire lot got well-versed with the short ball.
Brief scores: CA XI 243 & 83/5 (J Silk 41; I Sharma 2/8). Indians 375 in 90 overs (M Vijay 60 r.o, V Kohli 66 r.o, , A Rahane 56 r.o, W Saha 51, R Sharma 48; J Lalor 4/59).

Father  Son and The HinduUpdated: December 5, 2014 21:05 IST
Hidden Histories
Father, Son and The Hindu
Sriram v.
Tweet
In the passing of SVK (S.V. Krishnamurthy) earlier this week, Carnatic Music lost a veteran critic. His reviews in The Hindu were widely read. So were his commentaries on several songs of Tyagaraja, which were compiled into volumes, titled Know Your Tyagaraja. Interestingly, he represented the second generation in his family to be associated with The Hindu. His father SVV (S.V. Vijayaraghavachariar) contributed articles regularly to the paper from the 1920s and between father and son, they had written for The Hindu for almost a century!
SVV was a discovery of The Hindu. A lawyer from Tiruvannamalai, he initially sent in articles and stories. These had a humorous slant that made A. Rangaswami Iyengar, then editor, invite him to begin a regular column. Titled ‘My Wife and I’, it appeared every alternate Saturday, the intervening week’s column being that of another veteran writer with a talent for humour — Hilton Brown, ICS.
‘My Wife and I’ became greatly popular. It had a wide canvas — there could be descriptions of audience reaction to a Devadasi dancing at a wedding, a hawker’s day as he sold his wares on the trams without buying a ticket, the slowness with which civic projects move, etc. He would write of dreams as well, one of a cricket match being memorable — all of a sudden he was “bowling for dear life with Gandhi for the wicket-keeper, and having for fieldsmen Annie Besant, Lord Birkenhead, Ramana Maharshi and Rabindranath Tagore. My servant Murugan was batting furiously with a road mender’s pick axe.”
But his best was reserved for observations on the city of Madras and here are a few samples. The Madras University — “has not produced one poet, one philosopher, one physicist, one chemist, one biologist, one inventor or one anybody who can be said to have added a millionth share to the sum total of human knowledge.” The Triplicane Tank was “covered green and consequently held more sacred and at least four unwary pedestrians walk into it every month mistaking it for a mossy lawn, get drowned and submit to post-mortem examination.” Those were the days of the Mylapore lawyer and so “motor horns hoot only affidavits, appeal memos and legal maxims” in that locality. According to SVV, the Guindy racecourse was the great leveller as everyone from HE The Governor to Muniammal, the vegetable seller congregated there.
SVV turned 60 on August 26, 1940. The Hindu in its editorial compared him to Mark Twain and Lewis Carol, claiming the world of SVV to be one which “reveals beauty in drabness and joy in the heart of the tedium.”
When he passed away in June 1950, The Hindu said that SVV, like Charlie Chaplin, was popular because in his writings the average reader could recognise himself. SVV, it said, laughed at everything: “the paraphernalia of modern life, the motor car, the shoes and sandals… and it must be added, the very newspaper in which his articles appeared”. He would have chuckled.

Haryana govt puts award for Rohtak sisters on holdHaryana govt puts award for Rohtak sisters on hold
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 04, 2014
First Published: 15:04 IST(4/12/2014) | Last Updated: 09:31 IST(5/12/2014)
Days after announcing an award for two Rohtak sisters who took on their alleged molesters in a moving bus, the Haryana government on Thursday put its plans on hold pending an inquiry after some co-passengers said the men were innocent.
Pooja (L), 19, and Aarti, 22, at their home in the district of Sonepat. (AFP Photo)
Police arrested the three men following nationwide outrage after a video of the two women beating up the men went viral. The video was shot by a co-passenger on her mobile phone.
However, during investigation, a few passengers told police that the men were being wrongly accused, prompting the government to put on hold its decision to fete the women until the probe was over.
“The state government will get the matter investigated in a free and transparent manner and the decision on awarding the two Rohtak sisters on Republic Day will be taken based on the outcome of police reports,” said chief minister Manohar Lal Khattar.
The parents of the accused men met Khattar at Rohtak to seek an impartial probe into the matter.
The government also asked the bus driver and conductor, who had been suspended following the emergence of the video, to resume work until the police probe was over.
Another video showing the sisters beating up a boy in a park that surfaced on Tuesday triggered controversy after two people claiming to be witnesses said the girls abused and tore off the boy's clothes after he asked them why they were wasting their time in the park instead of attending college.
A girl accompanying them recorded the incident on camera, they told police.

India tour of Australia: Can spinners turn it India s wayWritten by Vinay Kumar |
Posted: December 6, 2014 12:22 pm | Updated: December 6, 2014 3:55 pm
Whenever a team travels to Australia, the bulk of the news is about the bouncy pitches and the pacers. The off-field trash talks also make it to the news. India’s tour to Australia is no exception.
With everyone talking about Indian pacers and Mitchell Johnson, the Indian spinners have taken a back seat. In India’s 18-man squad, R Ashwin, R Jadeja and Karn Sharma are the three spinners. With Ashwin already having the experience of playing in Australia in 2012, the two others are on their first tour Down Under. Though spinners don’t play the role they do back home, but their contribution to the attack is of utmost importance. A look at the very fresh Indian spin attack:
R Ashwin
Strengths:
Variation:Ashwin is a confident bowler who backs his ability. While he uses his off-spinners to a great effect, the carom ball also brings him a lot of wickets. Many would argue that it is more effective in shorter format of the game but Ashwin is never reluctant to use it in Tests, especially when he comes around the wicket.
Experience: While the other two spinners will be new to the Australian conditions, Ashwin does have the experience of playing there in 2012. The previous tour was a disaster for him with just nine wickets from three matches at an average of 62. Now that he knows the conditions, he will be more prepared and raring to go. Not to forget Ashwin – the batsman. He has played some crucial knocks in the past and also has two Test centuries to his name. Even in England, he played two brilliant innings in Manchester. Australia should be no different.
Weakness:
Defensive approach: There is something Aswhin and Harbhajan Singh have in common. If they get wickets early in their spell, they are very different bowlers and could win you the game single-handedly. But if they fail to get early wickets, they turn defensive. Ashwin loses his sharpness and tries varying his line length and pace rather than giving the ball some flight, which backfires. He will set defensive fields and that is when he fails to prove his worth.
There is no doubt Ashwin loves challenges. His rivalry with Glenn Maxwell is also not hidden. But Ashwin should not get carried away. He should stay focused and take responsibility as the leader of the attack as far as the spin department is concerned.
Ravindra Jadeja
Strengths:
Consistency: Jadeja is just 12 Test old and has 45 wickets to his name. Out of those 45 wickets, 44 percent have been either bowled or LBW. This shows how consistently Jadeja sticks to that middle-leg line. Jadeja tormented the Australians when they were in India in 2013, taking 24 wickets at an average of 17.45. But Indian conditions are very different. On his first tour to Australia, Jadeja may find everything new but he will surely be consistent with his line and length and slip in the odd arm bowl which has given him most of his wickets.
Weakness
No Experimentation: At times, especially during long spells, Jadeja becomes a tad predictable. He sticks to that middle-leg line and gives enough scoring opportunities. It is only when he varies, even if slightly, his line that he is among the wickets. It is never a bad option to keep pushing on the stumps and then toss one around the off-stump. Expecting a mistimed drive.
Karn Sharma
The young leg-spinner has shown a lot of promise in the limited overs cricket but his exploits in Tests are yet to be seen. It is highly-doubtful that he will get a game on this tour but if he does, it will be interesting to see how he bowls to the hard-hitting Australians on the big grounds. It will surely be a great learning experience for him and if the opportunity comes he should grab it with both hands.

Food Poisionong: 2 dead  25 ill after taking prasadBy: Press Trust of India | Burdwan |
Posted: December 6, 2014 4:43 pm
Two women died and at least 25 others were hospitalised after eating ‘prasad’ in Purbasthali area of Burdwan district, hospital officials said on Saturday.
The affected people consumed prasad at a house in Vidyanagar village under Purbasthali I block after a puja
which was held on the occasion of ‘nabanna’, the harvest festival of Bengal, on Friday afternoon.
Hosts and guests were taken ill soon after and at least 27 were taken to Srirampur Rural Hospital where two women died because of food poisoning, officials of the hospital said.
While Lalita Debnath died on Friday, Lakshmi Bag died on Saturday morning. The latter is the mother of the person at whose house the puja was organised.

BJP  Sena declare alliance; Sena to get 12 ministersComments
After more than a month of bitter squabbling, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Thursday announced the Shiv Sena will join the Devendra Fadnavis government in Maharashtra, albeit without deputy chief minister's post and any of the key portfolios.
The partners for 25 years, who broke up just before the state assembly polls two months, were back together again citing common ideology, popular public sentiment and stable government as the primary reasons for the rapprochement.
"We were together for 25 years (before partings ways ahead of the assembly polls). The people's mandate is for us to get together for running the government. We honour the feeling of the people, workers of both Sena and BJP," said chief minister Fadnavis at a press conference addressed jointly by him and Sena leader Subhash Desai.
The names and portfolios are expected to be finalised by Thursday night. The BJP is also roping in allies who may be part of the oath ceremony on Friday or the expansion to be held in January.
Twelve ministers from the Sena, five of cabinet rank and seven ministers of state, will be inducted. 10 of them will be sworn in on Friday, along with 8-10 from the BJP.
"The number may increase or decrease. We also want small allies to get ministries," Fadnavis said.
Sena's Subhash Desai, who lead party's delegation at the press conference, said, "The BJP and Sena are again in power after 15 years. We will give a strong government."
The Uddhav Thackeray-led party will not get the deputy chief minister's post which it had been bargaining for all the while.
The two parties will form a coordination committee to work out modalities for alliance in the muncipality and panchayat levels.
The BJP managed to get the Sena on board and still kept its firm grip on the government. The Sena not only is seen content with politically less important portfolios, but also maintained silence over the issues such as separate Vidarbha statehood and the scrapping of the Jaitapur nuclear power plant, on which both the parties have contradictory views.
The first indications of a breakthrough came earlier this week when Fadnavis said that 80% of the alliance talks were completed and only a few things remained to be a sorted out.
The BJP and the Sena were allies for 25 years, but had parted ways over seat sharing ahead of the assembly polls held in October. The two were in power between 1995 and 1999. Then, the Sena had the CM with the BJP playing the junior partner.
Now the BJP is in dominant position with 121 MLAs and the Sena has just 63.
When the BJP emerged the single largest party but landed short of a majority, the Sena announced it will sit in the opposition.
The Sena also voted against BJP in the confidence motion, and when the Speaker declared that Fadnavis had won, joined the Congress in protest.
The induction of Sena will give the government a clear majority of 184 in a House of 288. The BJP has 121 MLAs while the Shiv Sena 63. The NCP, which has 41 MLAs, had announced outside support to the state government, which was sworn in on October 31.

Railways needs over $100 billion for transformation  says Suresh PrabhuMinistry of Finance
("One thing that I am trying…)
NEW DELHI: Railways needs investments of over $ 100 billion in next 3-4 years to transform itself and the government is working on a plan to attract funds including from overseas, Union Minister Suresh Prabhu said today.
"We want investments upward of $ 100 billion in next 3-4 years from multiple corners. We are gearing up for this. We are working within Indian missions overseas. We are working with Ministry of Finance and with all government machinery to make this happen," Prabhu said.
Speaking at 'India Economic Conclave', the Railways Minister said passengers are demanding tremendous improvement in railway services but the government does not have the level of funds which are required to meet that scale of investment.
"Operating ratio of railways is very low when you compare it to US. It is 20 point less than what it is in US. We have hardly any money left to make investment in railways.
"One thing that I am trying to do is attract huge investments in railways. I don't want to disclose the entire strategy now," Prabhu said.
The Minister said he has delegated powers of procurement to general managers in Railways, besides setting up a one-man panel to oversee that his decision in this regard is implemented smoothly.
"I am not going to look at any tender. I have delegated those powers to general managers and officers below them. I am going to make them accountable.
"I want to bring in a mix of incentive and disincentive to make it happen. I am going to incentivise good operations," Prabhu said.
The Minister said he will focus on outcomes as part of a new strategy to transform railways.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Govt wants to make north-east a trade & biz hubASEAN
("The North Eastern region…)
AGARTALA: Union Minister of State for Home Kiren Rijiju today said the Narendra Modi government has changed the 'Look-East Policy' to 'Act East Policy' to make the North-Eastern region a trade and business hub of South East Asia .
"The North Eastern region has 98% of its border with South Asian countries and the rest 2% is with India. Where North-East ends, South Asia begins.
"We want to make the region the trade and commercial hub for the South East Asia. We earmarked Rs 53,000 crore for overall development of the region in the last budget," Rijiju told reporters after inaugurating a cargo loading station at the Akhaura Integrated Check Post (ICP).
Former union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde on November 17 last year had inaugurated India's second international-standard multi-purpose ICP in Agartala along the Indo-Bangla international border.
Rijiju said he told a Japanese delegation in New Delhi on Friday that the central government wants massive investment in the north-eastern region for utilisation of the untapped resources of the region.
During his visit to the NE states earlier this week, the Prime Minister had said the Government was converting the 'Look East policy to Act East policy'. He said the Government signed an agreement with Japan, to open an economic corridor with Myanmar, which would boost employment in the region.
The Prime Minister had also announced during the ASEAN summit last month that the 'Look East Policy' has become 'Act East Policy'.
The eight NE states - Assam, Tripura, Meghalaya, Mizoram, Manipur, Nagaland, Arunachal Pradesh and Sikkim - share international boundaries with China, Myanmar, Bhutan, Bangladesh and Nepal.
Stating that most part of the north-eastern region is peaceful, except some portion of Assam, Arunachal Pradesh and Manipur.
"Manipur remained a challenge to us. I appeal to the insurgents to shun the path of violence to return to normal life and take part in building up the region. There would be no dearth of rehabilitation packages," he said.
The minister said talks are on with a faction of ULFA and NSCN which is progressing in positive directions.
"The central government appointed a new interlocutor R N Ravi for holding peace talks with NSCN and we hope the result will be positive," he added.
Ravi is also the chairman of the Joint Intelligence Committee.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Tata-SIA JV Vistara completes trial flights ...Airbus
("We are glad to confirm that…)
NEW DELHI: Tata-Singapore Airlines joint venture carrier Vistara today said it has completed the trial flights schedule and is now waiting for its flying licence from the aviation regulator to commence operations.
"We are glad to confirm that we have concluded our proving flights schedule early this morning. This was the last and final milestone to be crossed. We now await the AOP to announce our operations," Vistara chief executive Phee Teik said in a statement here.
The trial process was carried out in the presence of Directorate General of Civil Aviation officials, it said.
The airline had applied to DGCA for the Air Operator Permit (AOP) in April and intended to launch services by September.
The New Delhi-based Vistara is jointly held by Tata Sons and SIA with 51 and 49 per cent stake, respectively.
It has already taken the delivery of two Airbus 320s on lease and had initially planned to have five aircraft in its fleet by March next year. For the long-term, the airline has decided to lease 20 Airbus A320s, including seven fuel- efficient A320 Neos.
Vistara will operate from its base Delhi and fly to Mumbai, Bangalore, Hyderabad, Goa, Chandigarh, Srinagar, Jammu and Patna in the first year as per its plan submitted to DGCA while applying for the AOP.
FEATURED ARTICLES

land acquisition law to be "enabler rather t...compensation
(Commerce and Industry Minister…)
NEW DELHI: Lending her ears to the industry on problems faced by it in acquiring land, Union Minister Nirmala Sitharaman today said the government will consult all stakeholders to make the land acquisition law "an enabler, rather than a stifler".
The Commerce and Industry Minister said that the industry has been voicing concerns that the existing Land Acquisition Act makes it almost impossible for them to acquire land.
"...If that is how difficult it is made for acquiring land, certainly we are as a government committed to see what best can be done because it cannot stifle the very reason for which it has been brought.
"There is work going on, I am sure the government will come up with something in consultation with all stakeholders on how this Act can be made an enabler rather than a stifler," Sitharaman said at Indian Economic Conclave organised by ET Now here.
The Land Acquisition Bill , which was passed during the previous UPA regime with then opposition BJP supporting it, seeks to set a fair compensation for farm land being taken over for industrial projects.
However, concerns have been raised from various quarters that the law has made land acquisition very difficult and was slowing projects. Some states have also come out openly against the law, saying it had adversely impacted the process of acquiring land for infrastructure projects .
The Rural Development Ministry has already suggested a number of amendments to the Land Acquisition Act that will water down provisions such as mandatory consent of at least 70 per cent locals for acquiring land for PPP projects, and 80 per cent for private projects.
FEATURED ARTICLES

IPTL: UAE Royals start off with big win over Singapore SlammersBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 6, 2014 8:16 pm | Updated: December 6, 2014 11:40 pm
The India leg of the International Premier Tennis League (IPTL) got a promising response from the fans on the opening day when Indian Aces edged out Manila Mavericks 26-25 in a late night thriller.
The UAE Royals thumped Singapore Slammers 29-16 in a one-sided affair before Indian Aces came from behind to beat Manila Mavericks in a super shoot-out.
The sizeable crowd at the Indian Gandhi Indoor Stadium got the first-hand taste of the fast-paced format made for creating its own space on the busy tennis calendar.
A much bigger treat is in store for the fans on Sunday when record 17-time Grand Slam champion Roger Federer and 14-major winner Pete Sampras make their much awaited India debut.
The night tie began with home heroes Sania Mirza and Rohan Bopanna taking on Kirsten Flipkens and Daniel Nestor in the mixed doubles. The seasoned Indians were expected to give their team a 1-0 lead but they ended up losing a close match against the Mavericks 5-6.
In the past, champions singles, Indian Aces were put further on the back foot when retired Frenchman Cedric Pioline went down to Australia’s Mark Philppousis 4-6.
Bopanna and Gael Monfils pulled one back for Aces, defeating Treat Huey and Jo-Wilfried Tsonga 6-5 in an intense men’s doubles match.
It was the turn of men’s singles next with an exciting battle on cards between world number 18 Monfils and 12th-ranked Tsonga.
The face-off between France teammate got crown really into the match with Monfils celebrating in his signature style every time he won a point. Eventually Tsonga won 6-4 to give Mavericks more breathing space.
With score in favour of the away team at 19-23, it was all down to Ana Ivanovic to rescue Aces. The world No 5 did not disappoint, winning the set 6-3 against Flipkens to take the match into a super shoot-out with scores tied at 25-25.
Monfils won the race to seven minutes 10-7 over Tsonga, giving the hosts a thrilling win.
In the first match earlier, world No 9 Marin Cilic delighted the spectators with his power-packed game that made him the 2014 US Open champion.
He proved to be too good for Singapore’s Lleyton Hewitt, the former world No 1 who looked way past his prime.
The Croat fired aces after aces, racing to a 5-1 lead in the one-off set. Hewitt, known for his fighting spirit all these years, came back to make it 3-5 before Cilic secured the set on the deciding point after 40-40. There is no ad-scoring in this innovative format.
Cilic then partnered doubles specialist Nenad Zimonjic to beat the Australian combine of Nick Kyrgios and Hewitt 6-2. It was a tad surprising the team did not choose the younger Kyrgios to play the men’s singles.
Next up was a fun match between two retired Grand Slam champions, UAE’s Goran Ivanisevic taking on continued…

Lima Climate Conference: Important discussions around INDC- the main building block for the future climate treatyWritten by Amitabh Sinha | Lima |
Posted: December 6, 2014 7:48 pm | Updated: December 12, 2014 10:46 am
The two-week annual climate conference being held at Lima has reached its half-way stage. Amitabh Sinha takes you through the discussions that have taken place in the last one week.
What has been achieved in the first week?
The climate talks have never delivered any result in the first week and there have been no decisions here as well. Parallel sessions are being held on a wide variety of issues including the basic elements of the climate agreement that is expected to come into being in next year’s meeting at Paris. A large number of technical and administrative sessions are also held.
So what has been the progress made?
The most important discussions have been focused around INDCs, or Intended Nationally-Determined Contributions, which is the main building block for the future climate treaty. Each country has to report by next year what it intends to do to contribute to the fight against climate change. Various options on the kind of actions that can be included as ‘contributions’ have been discussed. There are differing views on this and countries are far away from convergence. The discussions on these will become more intense in the second week. The main points of contention on INDCs are the following–
· Inclusion of Adaptation, finance and transfer of technology: European Union, Japan and some other countries are of the view that only actions that help in reducing greenhouse gas emissions should be counted as ‘contributions’ in INDCs. Almost every developing country, including India, however, wants adaptation measures also to be counted. These countries also want efforts on providing money or transferring technology to poorer nations to be included in INDCs. This will help in holding the rich countries accountable to their promises on ensuring financial and technology flows. The tug-of-war has just begun and this battle is likely to continue till the very end. There is a fair chance that the developing countries might win this battle.
· Commitment Period: The other disagreement is about the time period for which ‘contributions’ are committed. On this, India is on board with the European Union in asking for longer commitment periods, at least ten years, starting from 2020. China is also in favour of a ten- year commitment period. The idea is that longer commitment period would ensure better predictability of actions, better actions, and more stability to investments being made. The United States, however, wants five-year commitment periods so that countries can make quicker review of their actions and enhance their ambition or change their plans if required.
· Ex-post Review: Since the INDCs are ‘nationally-determined’ and voluntary, the level of ambition in making ‘contributions’ is likely to be low. There is a distinct possibility that the total ‘contributions’ of all the countries might not be adequate to keep the global temperatures rise below continued…

AstraZeneca-Ranbaxy settlement not anti-comp...AstraZeneca
("All parties have appellate…)
NEW DELHI: In a landmark judgement for pharma sector, a US jury has ruled that AstraZeneca's patent litigation settlement for blockbuster drug Nexium with Ranbaxy was not anti-competitive.
"...a jury in the US District Court for the District of Massachusetts returned a verdict in favour of AstraZeneca in a multi-district antitrust case filed by various purchaser groups challenging the previous settlement of Nexium patent litigation with Ranbaxy," AstraZeneca said in a release.
AstraZeneca said the company has always maintained that the plaintiffs' allegations were without merit.
"All parties have appellate rights. Two cases making similar allegations were filed by numerous purchasers in the state court in Pennsylvania and are still pending," AstraZeneca said.

Earliest known licensed Batmobile up for auction on SaturdayEarliest known licensed Batmobile up for auction on Saturday
Reuters
print
Holy smokes! The earliest known officially licensed car of comic book superhero Batman is up for auction on Saturday.
The 1963 Batmobile is believed to be the first custom car to be licensed as Batman's swanky ride and could fetch up to $500,000, according to officials with Dallas-based Heritage Auctions. The opening bid is $90,000.
The 1963 Batmobile is shown in this photo released by Heritage Auctions, HA.com December 5, 2014. REUTERS
This is the first time this vehicle has been put up for auction since it was cast off and forgotten for nearly 50 years. "This is a great piece of lost Pop Culture and Americana," said Margaret Barrett, director of entertainment and music at Heritage Auctions. "There is a lot of interest in it."
The car was put up for auction by Toy Car Exchange LLC, an online marketplace for collectible cars, that bought it and had it restored to its pristine condition, Barrett said.
The earliest known officially licensed car of comic book superhero Batman is up for auction on Saturday. REUTERS
This Batmobile was the creation of 23-year-old Batman fan Forrest Robinson, who along with a friend, spent three years customizing a 1956 Oldsmobile 88 with a 324 Rocket engine to resemble the single-fin vehicle in DC's Batman Comics from the 1940s and 1950s.
Robinson's Batmobile was completed two years before George Barris began customizing a car to become the Batmobile for the 1960s ABC TV series "Batman." The Barris Batmobile sold at auction in January 2013 for $4.2 million.
The engine of the 1963 Batmobile is shown in this photo released by Heritage Auctions, HA.com December 5, 2014. REUTERS
The television show's popularity made Robinson's Batmobile such a sensation that a DC Comic Book licensee leased the car from Robinson and rebranded it Batman's Batmobile for touring, primarily in the eastern United States. '
Eventually, replicas were made of the TV Batmobile and Robinson's car was returned. He sold it a few years later. It didn't resurface until a man found it in a New Hampshire field in 2008, Heritage officials said.
After changing ownership several times, Toy Car Exchange bought the car in February 2013, Heritage said. Borbon Fabrications, a vintage car restorer in Sacramento, California, restored the car.

Congress  NCP slams Maharashtra CM Devendra Fadnavis for skipping tea-sessionBy: Express News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 6, 2014 9:24 pm | Updated: December 7, 2014 12:54 pm
The Congress and NCP leaders on Saturday voiced their protest against Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis for not attending the tea-party hosted on eve of the winter session beginning in Nagpur from Monday.
Fadnavis is leaving on Sunday to attend a meeting of all chief ministers convened by Prime Minister Narendra Modi. The day also coincides with high-tea convened by state government ahead of winter session at Nagpur.
The former chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and former deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar said, “It is highly humiliating if the Chief Minister himself skips the tea session which is convened to discuss the issues with the opposition parties.”
On Sunday, Fadnavis is going to Delhi to attend a meeting of all chief ministers convened by prime minister Narendra Modi. The Chief Minister has urged his senior cabinet colleague Chandrakant Patil to take the charge during the tea session in his absence.
However, Pawar and Chavan believe the absence of the Chief Minister cannot be justified. Pawar said, “For the first time in the history of state legislature we have a chief minister who is not attending the tea party.”
Ahead of every session it is a customary for the government to convene a high-tea with the leaders of all political parties. The Chief Minister is the host for the high-tea as he heads the government.
MPCC chief Manikrao Thakre said, “This is the first session after the assembly elections and it is expected that chief minister should have been present. The chief minister should have reworked his schedule to ensure he could attend the meeting as well as tea session.”
According to BJP cabinet minister, “The opposition has the right to express their views. But the prime minister meeting was scheduled and it coincides with the tea session.” Moreover, chief minister is not escaping the opposition. He has deputed a senior cabinet minister to play the host, he added. Arguing, “PM meeting in Delhi is also important as matters of Maharashtra issues would be raised by Fadnavis.”

Newcastle ride on Papiss Cisse brace to end Chelseas unbeaten runBy: Reuters | Newcastle |
Posted: December 6, 2014 9:11 pm | Updated: December 6, 2014 9:12 pm
Newcastle United ended Chelsea’s 23-match unbeaten run as Papiss Cisse scored two second-half goals in a tense 2-1 win over the Premier League leaders on Saturday.
Cisse, who came on as a substitute after the break, tapped in Newcastle’s first after 57 minutes and struck again on the break 20 minutes later, seconds after Eden Hazard had been denied an equaliser by the woodwork.
Newcastle were reduced to 10 men shortly afterwards when Steven Taylor was shown a second yellow card for a foul on Andre Schuerrle before substitute Didier Drogba gave Chelsea hope of a comeback with a majestic header after 83 minutes.
Chelsea applied late pressure in a nerve-jangling six minutes of stoppage time but their hopes of stretching their unbeaten run to a new club record were thwarted by dogged Newcastle resistance and a brilliant fingertip save by substitute keeper Jak Alnwick on his competitive debut.
Defeat for Jose Mourinho’s side, their first since the second leg of last season’s Champions League semi-final against Atletico Madrid, means champions Manchester City can close the gap to three points if they beat Everton at home later.

England  Pakistan announce 30 member provisional squad for 2015 World CupBy: Agencies |
Posted: December 6, 2014 8:33 pm
England named a provisional 30-man squad on Saturday for next year’s one-day World Cup with Alastair Cook as captain.
Cook is under pressure following a poor run of results and is suspended from Sunday’s game against Sri Lanka due to the team’s slow over-rate in the last game.
Fast bowlers James Anderson and Stuart Broad were included in the squad after missing the current seven-match series in Sri Lanka due to injury. Alastair Cook captain as England name provisional World Cup squad
A 15-man squad for the Tri-Series against Australia and India and the World Cup is due to be announced after the Sri Lanka series which England trail 2-1 with four matches to play.
England: Alastair Cook (captain), Moeen Ali, James Anderson, Jonathan Bairstow, Gary Ballance, Ian Bell, Ravi Bopara, Tim Bresnan, Stuart Broad, Jack Brooks, Jos Buttler, Steven Finn, Harry Gurney, Alex Hales, Chris Jordan, Craig Kieswetter, Eoin Morgan, Stephen Parry, Samit Patel, Liam Plunkett, Boyd Rankin, Adil Rashid, Joe Root, Jason Roy, Ben Stokes, James Taylor, James Tredwell, James Vince, Chris Woakes, Luke Wright
PAKISTAN’S 30 PROBABLES
Pakistan named suspended offspinner Saeed Ajmal in its preliminary squad of 30 players for next year’s World Cup in Australia and New Zealand.
Ajmal was suspended in September for an illegal bowling action and has been undergoing rehabilitation under former test offspinner Saqlain Mushtaq at the National Cricket Academy.
The Pakistan Cricket Board Ajmal showed significant improvement on his bowling action during testing at the Lougborough University in England, but his elbow extension is still above the allowed 15 degrees limit.
Fit-again fast bowler Umar Gul and Wahab Riaz were also included in the list of probables which will be trimmed down to a final 15 by Jan. 7.
“The most positive aspect is that some of our foremost proven talents have overcome physical issues and are raring to be given an opportunity,” chief selector Moina Khan said in a statement.
Pakistan will be playing a five-match one-day international series against New Zealand starting in Dubai on Monday, and will also take on the Black Caps in another short one-day series before February’s World Cup.
The preliminary squad includes five opening batsmen, nine middle-order batsmen, six fast bowlers, four spinners, four allrounders and two wicketkeepers.
The PCB has already named Misbah-ul-Haq as captain of the team for the World Cup.
Pakistan squad: Misbah-ul-Haq (captain), Mohammad Hafeez, Ahmed Shehzad, Nasir Jamshed, Sharjeel Khan, Sami Aslam, Younis Khan, Asad Shafiq, Azhar Ali, Sohaib Maqsood, Fawad Alam, Haris Sohail, Shoaib Malik, Umar Akmal, Mohammad Irfan, Wahab Riaz, Junaid Khan, Umar Gul, Ehsan Adil, Mohammad Talha, Saeed Ajmal, Zulfiqar Babar, Raza Hasan, Yasir Shah, Shahid Afridi, Anwar Ali, Bilawal Bhatti, Sohail Tanvir, Sarfraz Ahmad, Kamran Akmal.

BJP worker burned with cigarette butts for attending Amit Shahs Kolkata rallyBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 6, 2014 8:24 pm | Updated: December 6, 2014 8:50 pm
In West Bengal, a BJP worker was tortured with cigarette butts – allegedly by workers of the ruling Trinamool Congress – for attending BJP chief Amit Shah’s rally held on November 30.
Vishnu Choudhury, BJP worker from Hoogly had to bear the burn on his chest as a group of TMC workers allegedly tattooed “TMC” on his chest with lighted cigarette butts.
BJP President Amit Shah addressed a rally in Kolkata on November 30. Addressing the rally,  Shah had alleged that Saradha chit fund money was used in the October 2 Burdwan blast. However, government had contradicted the links as alleged by Shah.
PTI Adds:
The district BJP moved the NHRC alleging that the worker was stripped in a closed room and subjected to physical torture by
Trinamool Congress men in Hooghly for attending saffron party President Amit Shah’s rally in Kolkata on November 30.
Hooghly BJP Vice-President Swapan Paul said the district unit approached the NHRC alleging Bansberia town BJP
chief Bishnu Chowdhury was stripped and thrashed in a closed room by local TMC men on December three who sought an explanation why he had attended Shah’s rally and even ordered him to say “Mamata Banerjee zindabad”.
District TMC president Tapan Dasgupta rubbished the allegations and said BJP was resorting to cheap gimmicks to make political inroads. He also wanted to know why the BJP took so long to make the charges public after December three.
Officer-in-charge of Mogra police station Sukhomoy Chakroborty said no formal complaint was lodged by BJP about the matter and their activists came to the police station on Friday on a different issue.

37 dead in successive car bomb attacks in Kirkuk  BaghdadPrint
Small restaurants are engulfed in flames after a car bomb attack in the Shiite district of Sadr City, Baghdad, Iraq, Thursday, Dec. 4, 2014. A string of car bomb attacks across Iraq killed and wounded scores of people, authorities said. (Source:AP)
By: Associated Press | Baghdad |
Posted: December 5, 2014 12:03 pm | Updated: December 6, 2014 10:53 am
A string of car bomb attacks across Iraq killed at least 37 people on December 4, Iraqi officials said. Three of the attacks targeted Shiite districts in the capital, Baghdad, while the fourth targeted a Kurdish neighborhood in the oil-rich northern city of Kirkuk.
Police officials said the first attack targeted a line of small restaurants in the Shiite district of Sadr City Thursday night, killing 11 people and wounding 25 others.
Minutes later, a second car bomb blast near an outdoor market in the same district killed seven people and wounded 21 others.
Later on, a bomb exploded near a restaurant in Baghdad’s Shiite northern neighborhood of Shaab, killing three people and wounding 12 others.
In the oil-rich city of Kirkuk, a car bomb attack near a cafe killed 16 people, said deputy chief of the Kirkuk police, Maj. Gen. Torhan Abdul-Rahman Youssef.
The blast took place in a Kurdish district in the city, 290 kilometers (180 miles) north of Baghdad.
Medics in a nearby hospital confirmed the causalities. All officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they are not authorized to speak to the media.
Iraq sees near-daily bombings and other attacks mainly targeting Shiite neighborhoods and security forces. The attacks are often claimed by the Sunni extremist Islamic State group which seized much of northern and western Iraq in a summer offensive.

AstraZeneca-Ranbaxy drug settlement not anti competitive  says US courtAstraZeneca, Ranbaxy Laboratories prevail, Nexium drug deal ‘not anti-competitive’
By: PTI |        New Delhi |  December 6, 2014 9:52 pm
Summary
In a landmark judgement for pharma sector, a US jury has ruled that AstraZeneca’s patent litigation settlement for blockbuster drug Nexium…
The lawsuit challenged a settlement between AstraZeneca and Ranbaxy Laboratories that allowed Ranbaxy to launch in 2014 a generic version of Nexium. (Reuters)
Other Articles
Defence helps build Tatas’ war chest
In a landmark judgement for pharma sector, a US jury has ruled that AstraZeneca’s patent litigation settlement for blockbuster drug Nexium with Ranbaxy Laboratories was not anti-competitive.
“…a jury in the US District Court for the District of Massachusetts returned a verdict in favour of AstraZeneca in a multi-district antitrust case filed by various purchaser groups challenging the previous settlement of Nexium patent litigation with Ranbaxy,” AstraZeneca said in a release.
AstraZeneca said the company has always maintained that the plaintiffs’ allegations were without merit.
“All parties have appellate rights. Two cases making similar allegations were filed by numerous purchasers in the state court in Pennsylvania and are still pending,” AstraZeneca said.

IPTL: UAE Royals start off with big win over SingaporeSlammersBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 6, 2014 8:16 pm | Updated: December 6, 2014 11:40 pm
The India leg of the International Premier Tennis League (IPTL) got a promising response from the fans on the opening day when Indian Aces edged out Manila Mavericks 26-25 in a late night thriller.
The UAE Royals thumped Singapore Slammers 29-16 in a one-sided affair before Indian Aces came from behind to beat Manila Mavericks in a super shoot-out.
The sizeable crowd at the Indian Gandhi Indoor Stadium got the first-hand taste of the fast-paced format made for creating its own space on the busy tennis calendar.
A much bigger treat is in store for the fans on Sunday when record 17-time Grand Slam champion Roger Federer and 14-major winner Pete Sampras make their much awaited India debut.
The night tie began with home heroes Sania Mirza and Rohan Bopanna taking on Kirsten Flipkens and Daniel Nestor in the mixed doubles. The seasoned Indians were expected to give their team a 1-0 lead but they ended up losing a close match against the Mavericks 5-6.
In the past, champions singles, Indian Aces were put further on the back foot when retired Frenchman Cedric Pioline went down to Australia’s Mark Philppousis 4-6.
Bopanna and Gael Monfils pulled one back for Aces, defeating Treat Huey and Jo-Wilfried Tsonga 6-5 in an intense men’s doubles match.
It was the turn of men’s singles next with an exciting battle on cards between world number 18 Monfils and 12th-ranked Tsonga.
The face-off between France teammate got crown really into the match with Monfils celebrating in his signature style every time he won a point. Eventually Tsonga won 6-4 to give Mavericks more breathing space.
With score in favour of the away team at 19-23, it was all down to Ana Ivanovic to rescue Aces. The world No 5 did not disappoint, winning the set 6-3 against Flipkens to take the match into a super shoot-out with scores tied at 25-25.
Monfils won the race to seven minutes 10-7 over Tsonga, giving the hosts a thrilling win.
In the first match earlier, world No 9 Marin Cilic delighted the spectators with his power-packed game that made him the 2014 US Open champion.
He proved to be too good for Singapore’s Lleyton Hewitt, the former world No 1 who looked way past his prime.
The Croat fired aces after aces, racing to a 5-1 lead in the one-off set. Hewitt, known for his fighting spirit all these years, came back to make it 3-5 before Cilic secured the set on the deciding point after 40-40. There is no ad-scoring in this innovative format.
Cilic then partnered doubles specialist Nenad Zimonjic to beat the Australian combine of Nick Kyrgios and Hewitt 6-2. It was a tad surprising the team did not choose the younger Kyrgios to play the men’s singles.
Next up was a fun match between two retired Grand Slam champions, UAE’s Goran Ivanisevic taking on continued…

Haider to hope: Impossible not to be optimistic about J-K s futureprint
Lurking in the recent past are warnings to not be simplistic or too easily euphoric. The unrest of 2010 in which more than a 100 young men were killed after stone-pelting street clashes with security forces came just two years after the previous state elections. (Reuters photo)
Not so long ago, in North Kashmir, at a nondescript primary school that was a defiant counterfoil to the overwhelming beauty of forests and vast open orchard fields that surrounded it, I met a voter. Abdul Rashid awaited his turn in the endless queue patiently, his back gently hunched over, his eyes seemingly transfixed by the ground on which he stood. As we got talking he furtively waved us to the back of the small school field, pointed out to a spot of patchy grass and dust and whispered, “My brother was killed right here.” “Who shot him?” I asked, doing an internal double-take at the staggering irony of this moment. Warily, he looked around for who might be eavesdropping, decided against answering in public and asked us to follow him home.
The name he was too scared to take — even decades after his brother’s murder — was that of Kuka Parrey, a folk singer-turned militant-turned infamous renegade whose name still evoked anger and fear in his home base of Bandipore. Ensconced in the privacy of his own house, Abdul Rashid lashed out at the many grave violations of the Ikhwanis — the local name for surrendered militants like Parrey who for years were allowed to retain arms in order to be effective counter-insurgents. Till they were disbanded their unbridled power however was often violently unleashed on hapless people who had nothing to do with militancy. “My heart broke today when I went to vote at the same spot where my brother was shot,” Rashid said, holding a photograph of his brother’s bullet- ridden body, “but I still hope that this time my vote will bring some real change.”
A few kilometres away at another home in Bandipore, a son sat right beside his father’s grave and spoke of how history had been unjust to his family. By the time Imtiaz Parrey’s father, Kuka Parrey had been assassinated by the Hizbul Mujahideen in 2003, so reviled was his legacy among his own people that he was denied space in the community grounds of the village and had to be buried in his own front lawn. “If he’d really killed innocent people, do you think I would have the following and stature I do today? Do you think such senior politicians from Delhi would share the stage with me?” Imtiaz asked, challenging us to contradict him. “Had those who made Haider even bothered to meet us, they would have made a different film,” he said, trying to make light of the recent, unflattering portrayal of his father on celluloid. “There is not one family in Kashmir who has not been a victim of violence in some way or the other.”
If for years, the lens was on Parrey, today’s its gaze was firmly on his son, who is a contestant in the assembly elections. In a valley with a wounded past, a candidate and a voter, Imtiaz Parrey and Abdul Rashid, were both seeking new beginnings. The perpetrator’s family and the victim’s family had one thing in common — children in both homes had grown up in the shadow of the gun. Despite the weight of their personal histories, today both had chosen, perhaps for entirely different reasons, to participate in the electoral process. By the end of voting day, Bandipore, once a transit route for infiltrating militants, had delivered a voter turnout of over 70%.
The complex and always inflammable realities of Jammu and Kashmir make it impossible to draw long-term conclusions on exactly where this significant increase in voter participation could lead. Lurking in the recent past are warnings to not be simplistic or too easily euphoric. The unrest of 2010 in which more than a 100 young men were killed after stone-pelting street clashes with security forces came just two years after the previous state elections.
But that the 2014 elections (and the willingness of more and more people to take part in them) offer a unique and brand new opportunity to build faith on is indisputable.
The dark months of 2010 were set off by the death of 17-year-old Tufail Mattoo, who was killed by a stray police tear gas shell, while walking home from tuitions. Today his father says he still believes that “the system will deliver justice.” These elections are a chance to strengthen the system and increase its credibility. Strong punishment in the Machil fake encounter and swift indictments in Budgam in which two teen boys were killed are significant steps in the right direction.
The multiple ironies of this election make it impossible to not be hopeful. Take the fact that a former separatist like Sajjad Lone is a candidate against the very man he once fielded as a proxy candidate in 2002. Or that Lone’s wife, a Pakistani citizen and daughter of a key Kashmiri separatist, has been actively campaigning in an election her country will try its best not to recognise.
Truth is that mainstream electoral politics in Jammu and Kashmir has given space for soft separatism to be absorbed within the constitutional democratic process, rendering the usual boycott politics of the past rapidly irrelevant. To travel from Haider to Hope may have been a very long, tortured journey for the state, but in this election the milestone of optimism is at least within near-sight. Now it all depends on the navigation of wise leadership.
Barkha Dutt is Group Editor, NDTV.
The views expressed by the author are personal.

US journalist  S African hostage of al Qaeda killed in Yemenprint
An American hostage and a South African national held hostage by al Qaeda in Yemen died during a rescue rescue operation in the intervening night of Saturday and Friday.
Luke Somers, the American, and Pierre Korkie, the South African, were both killed by militants, US defense secretary Chuck Hagel said in a statement.
In a separate statement, US President Barack Obama said he ordered the raid, following a failed attempt last month, as Somers’s life was in “imminent danger”. He condemned the "barbaric murder" of Somers, was kidnapped more than a year ago in the Yemeni capital Sanaa.
In this February 11, 2013 file photo, Luke Somers, 33, an American photojournalist who was kidnapped and killed by al Qaeda, poses for a picture during a parade marking the second anniversary of the revolution in Sanaa, Yemen. (AP Photo)
In a video released earlier this week, al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) had threatened to kill Somers if their demands were not met, probably the payment of ransom, which the US as a matter of policy doesn’t pay.
Officials said they believed Somers was to be killed on Saturday.
US special ops personnel found the hostages wounded but alive. Korkie died on a flight while being evacuated, and Somers on an operating table on a US navy ship anchored close by.
US commandos were within 100 yards of the compound where the hostages were held, when the militants are reported to have been alerted about their presence.
The terrorists apparently heard some noise -- possibly a dog barked, according to an account of the raid leaked to US news outfits, and opened fire on the raiders creeping up.
After a few minutes of shooting, one of the terrorists went into the building where the hostages were being held, according to officials.
The man returned shortly, perhaps after shooting the hostages.
They were still alive when the raiders reached them. Medics on the team tried to stanch the bleeding, and put them on a helicopter equipped with life-saving equipment.
The Gift of the Givers, a charity that had been negotiating Korkie's release, said the South African's death came a day before he was due to be freed after more than a year in captivity.
"The psychological and emotional devastation to (his wife) Yolande and her family will be compounded by the knowledge that Pierre was to be released by al Qaeda tomorrow (Sunday)," it said.
The South African couple, who had worked as teachers in Yemen for four years, were seized by al Qaeda in May 2013 in the city of Taez. The wife was released in January following mediation by Gift of the Givers.
The charity said logistical arrangements had already been put in place to fly Pierre Korkie out of Yemen under diplomatic cover after negotiations.
"It is even more tragic that the words we used in a conversation with Yolande at 5.59 this morning was 'the wait is almost over'.
"Three days ago we told her 'Pierre will be home for Christmas'. We certainly did not mean it in the manner it has unfolded."
Ten militants were killed in the joint operation in Shabwa province in southeast Yemen, Yemen's defence ministry said.
A tribal leader said soldiers were seen parachuting into the area and residents reported heavy clashes.
 
'Despicable terrorist organisation'
 
Obama said that since the abduction of Somers 15 months ago, Washington had been using "every tool at our disposal" to try to secure his release.
"Luke was a photojournalist who sought through his images to convey the lives of Yemenis to the outside world," Obama added.
US secretary of defense Chuck Hagel greets two members of the US Air Force before boarding his aircraft to departing on an overseas trip at Joint Base Andrews, Maryland, Friday. Speaking in Afghanistan Saturday, Hagel said Somers "and a second non-US citizen hostage were murdered" by al Qaeda during a failed rescue attempt. (AP Photo)
"He came to Yemen in peace and was held against his will and threatened by a despicable terrorist organisation."
The United States has said that American and Yemeni forces had already tried unsuccessfully to rescue Somers last month.
According to Yemen's defence ministry, al Qaeda moved hostages, including the US journalist, a Briton and a South African, days before that US-Yemeni raid in southeastern Hadramawt province.
The whereabouts of the Briton are unknown.
Yemeni officials said eight other hostages were freed in the earlier operation.
Yemen is a key US ally in the fight against al Qaeda, allowing Washington to conduct a long-standing drone war against the group on its territory.
AQAP is considered by Washington to be the most dangerous affiliate of al Qaeda.
The execution threat by AQAP followed the murder of five Western hostages since August by the Islamic State group that controls parts of Syria and Iraq.
Two US journalists, James Foley and Steven Sotloff, American aid worker Peter Kassig and British aid workers Alan Henning and David Haines were all beheaded.
Al Qaeda has exploited instability in impoverished Yemen since a 2011 uprising forced president Ali Abdullah Saleh to step down.
In recent years there has been a growing number of abductions in Yemen by al Qaeda.
The militants remain active in southern and eastern regions of Yemen despite several military campaigns by government forces.
al Qaeda militants have allied with Sunni tribesmen in southern Yemen to halt the advance of Shiite Huthi militias who seized Sanaa in September unopposed, and who have since extended their control to coastal areas and regions south of the capital.
(with AFP inputs)

Entire country to have 24x7 power supply by 2019  says Piyush GoyalCoal India
("Come 2019, just like Gujarat…)
NEW DELHI: The country will have 24X7 supply of power throughout its length and breadth by 2019 on the line of Gujarat, MP and Chhattisgarh, Power Minister Piyush Goyal today assured.
"Come 2019, just like Gujarat , Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh, the whole of India will get benefits of 24X7 power," Goyal said at the ET Now India Economic Conclave .
He further added that getting stranded and stressed assets back on stream was the government's motto. The government was also focussing on renewable sources of energy to address power sector issues.
Goyal said that the issue regarding the 1200 MW Teesta hydro power project which had been stranded for some time has been resolved and the same would be finished soon.
"I am happy to tell friends here that Teesta which is a project of strategic importance in Sikkim with 1200 MW of hydropower has got resolved in one and a half meeting. . . Very soon we will get it into finishing," he said.
Listing the government's plans of augmenting Coal India's production to a billion tonnes in five years and addressing the sector woes through e-auction of mines, Goyal said that the government's aim was to stop coal imports.
The government was also looking at major amendments in policy framework in the tariff and electricity act and also working on a new renewable energy policy, he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

JK Rowling to release new Harry Potter stories for ChristmasJK Rowling to release new Harry Potter stories for Christmas
IANS  London, December 06, 2014
First Published: 20:06 IST(6/12/2014) | Last Updated: 01:50 IST(7/12/2014)
JK Rowling has revealed to fans of her seven-book Harry Potter series that she is writing new material for her dedicated all-things-Hogwarts website, Pottermore.
Author JK Rowling: PHOTO: Reuters/Suzanne Plunkett
The Pottermore website, which keeps stories and gossip simmering for true devotees of the books - the last one published in 2007 - has announced it will be bringing surprises to staunch fans at 1 p.m daily over the Christmas period, the Guardian reported Saturday.
A special tale is slated to be out Dec 12, which will bring subscribers up-to-date with what happened to blond-haired baddie Draco Malfoy.
Malfoy is Potter's sworn enemy at Hogwarts School for Wizards and Witches.
By the final episode of the multi-billion-pound grossing franchise, he had grown into a real villain, in league with Potter's nemesis, Lord Voldemort.
Despite finishing the books that turned her into a global publishing phenomenon seven years ago, Rowling is still clearly fascinated by the make-believe world she created.
To mark Halloween, the author released via the site an essay that revealed her views on one of the stories' characters, the teacher Dolores Umbridge.
She said the teacher was modelled on two people she had encountered in real life.
She has also used Pottermore to expand on such characters as the ice-cream selling Florean Fortescue, who appears in the books 'The Chamber of Secrets' and 'The Prisoner of Azkaban' before meeting a sticky end.
Having vowed to leave Potter alone for sometime after the final book, Rowling turned her pen to fictional works aimed at adults, selling two books under the pen name Robert Galbraith.

Typhoon Hagupit hits Philippines; brings rain  power cuts  destructionTyphoon Hagupit slams into eastern Philippines, thousands flee
AP
print
Typhoon Hagupit
Typhoon Hagupit slammed into the central Philippines' east coast late Saturday, knocking out power and toppling trees in a region where 650,000 people have fled to safety, still haunted by the massive death and destruction wrought by a monster storm last year.
Packing maximum sustained winds of 175 kilometers (109 miles) per hour and gusts of 210 kph (130 mph), Hagupit made landfall in Dolores, a coastal town facing the Pacific in Eastern Samar province, according to the Philippines' weather agency. There were no immediate reports of casualties.
Although it was unlikely to reach the unprecedented strength of Typhoon Haiyan, Hagupit's strong winds and heavy rain were enough to possibly cause major damage to an impoverished region still reeling from the devastating November 2013 storm, which left more than 7,300 people dead or missing.
"There are many trees that have toppled, some of them on the highway," police Senior Inspector Alex Robin said by phone late Saturday from Dolores, hours before Hagupit made landfall. "We are totally in the dark here. The only light comes from flashlights."
From Eastern Samar, Hagupit - Filipino for "smash" or "lash" - was expected to hammer parts of a string of island provinces that was devastated by Haiyan's tsunami-like storm surges and ferocious winds. Hagupit weakened slightly on Saturday, but remained dangerously powerful and erratic.
Residents are evacuated to a safe place in Legazpi City, Albay province, southeast of Manila Saturday ahead of the arrival of Typhoon Hagupit. (AFP Photo)
Robin said about 600 families had hunkered down in Dolores' three-story municipal hall, one of many emergency shelters in the town.
"Everyone here is just looking for a place to sleep," he said. "All the windows are closed, but it is still cool because of the wind and the rain."
Eastern Samar province Rep. Ben Evardone said electricity also was knocked out early Saturday in Borongan city, about 70 kilometers (43 miles) south of Dolores, where the government has set up a command center for rescue and relief operations headed by Interior Secretary Mar Roxas.
Evardone said the strong winds also felled trees and ripped off roofing sheets. "You can hear the whistling of the wind," he said.
"Everybody is in fear because of what happened during (Haiyan)," Evardone said. "We can already feel the wrath of the typhoon. Everybody is praying."
Big waves have pushed seawater over concrete walls along a boulevard, flooding it, Evardone said.
Army troops deployed to supermarkets and major roads in provinces in the typhoon's path to prevent looting and chaos and clear debris, all of which slowed the government's response last year, said Gen. Gregorio Pio Catapang, head of the Philippines' 120,000-strong military.
"We're on red alert, so the entire armed forces is being mobilized for this typhoon," Catapang said at a news conference.
Waves, brought by Typhoon Hagupit, hit a concrete barrier along the Boulevard Seaport in Surigao City, southern Philippines Saturday. (Reuters photo)
While unlikely to reach Haiyan's strength, forecasters said Hagupit's maximum sustained winds and gusts were strong enough to set off deadly storm surges and landslides and cause heavy damage to communities and agriculture.
With a whirling band of rain clouds spanning 600 kilometers (373 miles), Hagupit has gained speed and was moving westward at 16 kph (10 mph), according to forecasters.
In the central city of Tacloban, where Haiyan's storm surges killed thousands of people and leveled villages, news of the approaching typhoon rekindled painful memories. Many residents fled to storm shelters, a sports stadium and churches even before authorities urged them to evacuate.
"I'm scared," said Haiyan survivor Jojo Moro. "I'm praying to God not to let another disaster strike us again. We haven't recovered from the first."
The 42-year-old businessman, who lost his wife, daughter and mother last year in Tacloban, said he stocked up on sardines, instant noodles, eggs and water.
Around 650,000 people have been moved to safety, including in Tacloban. A U.N. humanitarian agency spokesman, Denis McClean, said in Geneva that it was one of the largest peacetime evacuations in Philippine history. It also was reminiscent of the evacuation of 1 million people along India's coastline before Cyclone Phailin hit in October 2013.
Nearly 100 domestic flights have been canceled and inter-island ferry services suspended, stranding thousands of people.
A man throws wood along the shore as strong waves from Typhoon Hagupit hit Atimonan, Quezon province, eastern Philippines Saturday. (AP Photo)
"We've not heard of villagers resisting to be evacuated," regional disaster-response director Blanche Gobenciong said. "Their trauma is still so fresh."
In Tacloban, residents stacked sandbags to block floodwaters. One McDonald's restaurant was closed and boarded up to prevent a repetition of Haiyan's deluge, which shattered glass panes and doors of business establishments, allowing looting to take place.
Disaster preparations widened after two agencies tracking the typhoon closely - the U.S. military's Joint Typhoon Warning Center in Hawaii and the Philippine weather agency - predicted different directions for Hagupit.
The US agency said Hagupit (pronounced HA'-goo-pit) may veer northwest after coming inland and sweep past the southern edge of the capital, Manila, a city of more than 12 million people. The Philippine agency, known by its acronym PAGASA, projected a more southern path.
Gobenciong said the unpredictable path made it harder to ascertain which areas would be hit, but added that everybody "should prepare for the worst."
"We have a zero-casualty target," she said. "Just one loss of life will really sadden us all and make us wonder what went wrong."
Watch: Philippines residents flee homes ahead of Typhoon Hagupit

BJP worker burned with cigarette butts for attending Amit Shahs KolkatarallyBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 6, 2014 8:24 pm | Updated: December 6, 2014 8:50 pm
In West Bengal, a BJP worker was tortured with cigarette butts – allegedly by workers of the ruling Trinamool Congress – for attending BJP chief Amit Shah’s rally held on November 30.
Vishnu Choudhury, BJP worker from Hoogly had to bear the burn on his chest as a group of TMC workers allegedly tattooed “TMC” on his chest with lighted cigarette butts.
BJP President Amit Shah addressed a rally in Kolkata on November 30. Addressing the rally,  Shah had alleged that Saradha chit fund money was used in the October 2 Burdwan blast. However, government had contradicted the links as alleged by Shah.
PTI Adds:
The district BJP moved the NHRC alleging that the worker was stripped in a closed room and subjected to physical torture by
Trinamool Congress men in Hooghly for attending saffron party President Amit Shah’s rally in Kolkata on November 30.
Hooghly BJP Vice-President Swapan Paul said the district unit approached the NHRC alleging Bansberia town BJP
chief Bishnu Chowdhury was stripped and thrashed in a closed room by local TMC men on December three who sought an explanation why he had attended Shah’s rally and even ordered him to say “Mamata Banerjee zindabad”.
District TMC president Tapan Dasgupta rubbished the allegations and said BJP was resorting to cheap gimmicks to make political inroads. He also wanted to know why the BJP took so long to make the charges public after December three.
Officer-in-charge of Mogra police station Sukhomoy Chakroborty said no formal complaint was lodged by BJP about the matter and their activists came to the police station on Friday on a different issue.

BJP supporter branded with cigarette  Trinamool under fireComments
Alleged Trinamool Congress workers branded a 40-year-old Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) supporter with the letters 'TMC' -- acronym for the ruling party in West Bengal -- by using a burning cigarette last Wednesday.
The incident took place in Hooghly district -- adjoining Kolkata -- after Bishnu Choudhury reportedly participated in BJP national president Amit Shah's rally and is likely to spell fresh embarrassment for the Trinamool, which is already facing the heat over Saradha chit fund scam, terror activities and alleged hooliganism on the part of its supporters on quite a few occasions of late.
Bishnu Choudhury was subjected to torture for reportedly attending Amit Shah's rally in Kolkata. Alleged Trinamool Congress workers branded the 40-year-old BJP supporter with the letters 'TMC' by using a burning cigarette last Wednesday. (HT photo)
Choudhury, a driver by profession, was allegedly threatened at gunpoint with dire consequences if he lodged a complaint with police, after being subjected to the torture.
But, the BJP supporter took up the issue with district leaders Saturday and mailed his complaint to the local police station, superintendent of Hooghly district police and the human rights commission through a registered post.
 
According to the BJP, some Trinamool leaders had warned BJP workers against attending Shah's rally in the heart of Kolkata on November 30.
"Choudhury not only refused (to relent) but also took a few neighbours with him to attend the rally. Once he came back to his home in the evening, Trinamool workers started threatening him," said Swapan Pal, the vice-president of the BJP's Hooghly wing.
According to the complaint lodged by Choudhury, a group of Trinamool workers abducted him from the road and took him to a nearby party office when he was returning from work Wednesday.
 
"The group assaulted me and then one of them pressed burning cigarettes against my chest to write the letters 'TMC'. Then they took me home... they threatened me at gunpoint and told me not to lodge a complaint with the police," said Choudhury.
 
"It's sheer autocracy in place in Bengal. The ruling party will now decide who will support which political party!" said BJP state president Rahul Sinha.
 
CPI(M) leader Bikash Bhattacharyya, an advocate and former mayor of Kolkata, said, "In 1971, Congress supporters hammered a nail in the head of a youth in Sonarpur (on the outskirts of Kolkata) who dared to support the CPI(M). Trinamool Congress …is an offshoot of the Congress. The party should be banned as their ways are no different from a terror organisation."
 
Congress state president Adhir Chowdhury too condemned the incident.
"We can't fight among ourselves to decide who will support which party. We can only win their (voters') hearts by campaigning. What is happening now is the manifestation of sheer panic by the ruling party. If BJP gains a foothold in Bengal, such brutality by the supporters of Mamata Banerjee's party will be solely responsible."
Frequent clashes between Trinamool and BJP supporters have been reported in the state following the April-May Lok Sabha elections, in which the saffron party won 16.8% vote share and bagged two of the 42 seats.
Shah, in his recent rally, sounded the poll bugle in Bengal, asking people to overthrow the government led by Mamata Banerjee in the 2016 assembly elections while making it clear that the BJP was trying to find a foothold in the state.
 
An officer from the Mogra police station said they had received Choudhury's complaint and an investigation was on.
"The victim has named a few local Trinamool workers and we would soon nab them. We are also checking whether the complaint is framed," an official from Mogra police station said.
 
Trinamool leaders from Hooghly, however, claimed the complaint was false.
"Chowdhury is an active political worker and was a Trinamool supporter even a few months back. He had recently joined BJP and their leaders are using him to frame false charges against our supporters," said Trinamool Hooghly district president Tapan Dasgupta.
 
Local BJP leaders have decided to hit the roads Sunday against the incident. "If police don't make any arrest by Sunday morning, we will gherao the SP office," said Krishna Bhattacharya, BJP Hooghly district president.

MM Joshis adopted village has high-rises  wine shops and choked drainsComments
 Senior BJP leader Murli Manohar Joshi’s decision to adopt Singhpur village, described as a developer’s paradise for its real estate worth, has raised eyebrows, with critics saying the place is already well-developed.
At first glance, Singhpur’s only problem seems to be a problem of plenty. Surrounded by high-rise buildings, a bigha of land in the village around 15 kilometres from Kanpur, fetches somewhere around Rs. 1 crore. It has a nursery teachers’ training centre, a primary and a public school, a community health centre and a cooperative society.
Photo: Amit Yadav/HT
Village headman Chedi Singh called it a “chaman (paradise)” that needed a marriage hall, an inter college and a plan to end water-logging. “I think Singhpur will progress more after Joshiji’s decision,” he said.
Opposition leaders questioned Joshi’s decision to pick what they said was a developed area under Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s scheme of every parliamentarian adopting a backward rural place and turning it into a model village.
“What is the point in adopting Singhpur,” said Samajwadi Party general secretary Mohammad Hasan Roomi. “It is well-developed with problems that are no different than the ones in the civic wards.”
The village is not a part of Joshi’s constituency Kanpur, but comes under Akbarpur, represented by the BJP’s Devendra Singh Bholey. Singh picked it from a list of 38 villages that were given to him as Kanpur does not have a gram panchayat.
Sanjeev Tripathi of the Congress said there were many villages in Akbarpur that badly needed attention, before adding, “He could have picked any one of them.”
But the BJP defended Joshi’s decision, saying the place has its own problems. “The entire village gets marooned because of water-logging, it is a terrible situation for its inhabitants,” said BJP leader Surendra Maithani.
Residents complained about overflowing drains to the BJP leader when he went to visit them this week. “Choked drains are what we have in the monsoon. This is the biggest problem I want Joshiji to solve,” said Kanchan Gupta, who works at Rama Medical College and owns a house with a small lawn.
High-rise buildings. Amit Yadav/HT
Other people, like MA final-year student Poonam, want Joshi to help solve unemployment that is forcing people to turn to liquor, which is easily available. Singhpur has a model wine shop, three beer shops and a country-made liquor shop that ensures the village never runs out of alcohol.
It does not help the lone ATM is located at the very entrance of the village. The women want Joshi to look into the issue, saying it gives the men easy access to buy liquor.
Singhpur has a population of 7,000 and its share of poverty that can be seen in the thatched houses that line up a section of the village.
Living in one such house, with a worn-out blanket wrapped around him, 75-year-old Babulal said he expected big things from Joshi. “I want him to perform a miracle and help us get rid of our poverty,” he said.

Kejriwal bats for commoners flying business classKejriwal bats for commoners flying business class
PTI  New Delhi, December 06, 2014
First Published: 19:58 IST(6/12/2014) | Last Updated: 21:33 IST(6/12/2014)
Comments
Aam Aadmi Party chief Arvind Kejriwal on Saturday stoutly defended himself against the opposition's criticism of him travelling abroad in business class, saying that it was his dream for India that an 'aam aadmi' should also be able to travel the same way.
Speaking at a seminar organised by the Abu Dhabi Chapter of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI), AAP National Convener, Kejriwal, claimed that "Our dream for India is that 'aam aadmi' should be able to travel business class."
Kejriwal had on Thursday flown business class to Dubai to attend a felicitation event, sparking strong reaction from the opposition which said his "real face" had been "exposed".
The AAP, however, sprang to Kejriwal's defence, asking whether it was a crime to travel business class, a facility it said was provided by the organisers.
At the seminar, Kejriwal also spoke about India's changing political landscape and importance of economic development. "Technology has played an important role in creating jobs in India in recent years and has also helped in deterring corruption," Kejriwal said.
Outlining the priorities of any government, he said that law and order, ensuring justice and improving and facilitating infrastructure development should be at the top of the list. He said that if this is done with good intentions, then the benefits reach the common man otherwise wealth gets accumulated in the hands of a few.
"There is urgent need to increase the number of courts to ensure speedy justice especially in cases related to women," he said adding that this can be done without much hassle. "Some political leaders have had vested interest in not allowing judiciary to become efficient. This is because there have been cases against them and they didn't want to become victims of such a change," he said.
Kejriwal said he has plans to make Delhi a complete WiFi-city and make greater use of technology in surveillance and to maintain law and order.
He said at least 20 new colleges are needed in Delhi to reduce pressure on existing ones and added that education upto 12th class should be free.
The AAP chief is on a five-day visit to Dubai and New York. In New York, he will deliver a lecture at the prestigious Columbia University and dine with his party supporters.
Kejriwal, a former bureaucrat, is known for his simple lifestyle even when he became the Delhi Chief Minister. He said that if governance improves in the country, then things will change drastically.

Apple antitrust trial turns to videotaped deposition by Steve JobsYou are here: Home > Collections > Apple
Apple antitrust trial turns to videotaped deposition by Steve Jobs
New York Times Dec 6, 2014, 09.39PM IST
Tags:
(But despite his poor health…)
By Brian Chen
OAKLAND (CALIFORNIA): About six months before his death in 2011, Steve Jobs , the chief executive of Apple, gave a videotaped deposition in an antitrust case that wound its way into a federal courtroom just this week.
In the video played Friday afternoon, Jobs, wearing his usual black turtleneck, looked frail and spoke in a soft voice. He spun restlessly in his chair and at one point leaned his head against his right hand, indicating his boredom.
But despite his poor health - he was on medical leave at the time - he was otherwise his usual self, delivering a mix of blunt and sarcastic replies. When asked whether he was familiar with RealNetworks, a company that had come up with a way to allow songs sold in its store to play on iPods and other media players, Jobs replied: "Do they still exist?"
Jobs is the star witness in a case that has its roots in technology decisions made nearly a decade ago. Apple is accused of violating antitrust law by forcing people to buy iPods, rather than cheaper alternatives, to keep listening to their digital music. The case harks back to a different time in the tech industry, when Apple was still considered an underdog and exactly which company would eventually dominate digital music was still very much in doubt.
In the deposition, Jobs testified about Apple's use of a copyright management system that prevented songs sold by competing music stores from playing on iPods.
Jobs said that when the iTunes Store was still young, Apple had contracts with music companies stating that it must protect their copyrights through a strict "digital rights" management system. Any violation of that agreement could result in the music labels' withholding their songs from iTunes, he said.
Jobs emphasized that many people were trying to hack iTunes and the iPod, which would put Apple at risk of violating its contracts. So Apple had to keep strengthening the security of its software.
"We would constantly be revving iTunes and iPod software, closing any - any holes that might be in it or any problems it might have," Jobs said.
Bonny Sweeney, the plaintiffs' lead lawyer, asked Jobs whether record companies had ever complained to Apple about the RealNetworks software.
Jobs said whether the labels had complained was irrelevant, because when Apple strengthened its copyright system, destroying RealNetworks' compatibility was a side effect.
"It doesn't really matter because in fixing holes for DRM hacks, it might screw up the Real technology anyway, as collateral damage," he said.
Jobs said he could not remember the answers to many of the questions because so much time had passed. When the plaintiffs' lawyer showed Jobs emails he had written, he said he did not remember whether he had written most of them.
"I'm sorry I don't remember more of this for you, but there's been a lot of water under that bridge in seven years," he said.
The antitrust trial took an unexpected turn Thursday when Apple challenged the right of the two named plaintiffs in the class-action lawsuit to be represented in the trial.
And on Friday morning the lawyers suing Apple in the $350 million case withdrew one of the two plaintiffs after they concluded that she did not buy an iPod from September 2006 to March 2009, the period in which Apple is accused of wrongdoing.
Apple said in a letter filed with the court late Wednesday night that it had checked the serial number of an iPod Touch bought by the other named plaintiff, Marianna Rosen of New Jersey, and found that it was bought in July 2009, months after the period in question. On Friday, the company filed a motion asking that the case be dismissed altogether.
On Friday afternoon, the plaintiffs' lawyers faxed a request to the judge asking for permission to add a new plaintiff to the case: Jeffrey Kowalski , a Michigan man the lawyers said bought an iPod Touch around May 2008. They said they would fight Apple's request to dismiss the case.
"We believe Apple's latest attempt to derail this case is baseless, and we will be vigorously opposing Apple's motion," Sweeney said in a statement.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Railways needs over $100 bn for transformat...Ministry of Finance
("One thing that I am trying…)
NEW DELHI: Railways needs investments of over $ 100 billion in next 3-4 years to transform itself and the government is working on a plan to attract funds including from overseas, Union Minister Suresh Prabhu said today.
"We want investments upward of $ 100 billion in next 3-4 years from multiple corners. We are gearing up for this. We are working within Indian missions overseas. We are working with Ministry of Finance and with all government machinery to make this happen," Prabhu said.
Speaking at 'India Economic Conclave', the Railways Minister said passengers are demanding tremendous improvement in railway services but the government does not have the level of funds which are required to meet that scale of investment.
"Operating ratio of railways is very low when you compare it to US. It is 20 point less than what it is in US. We have hardly any money left to make investment in railways.
"One thing that I am trying to do is attract huge investments in railways. I don't want to disclose the entire strategy now," Prabhu said.
The Minister said he has delegated powers of procurement to general managers in Railways, besides setting up a one-man panel to oversee that his decision in this regard is implemented smoothly.
"I am not going to look at any tender. I have delegated those powers to general managers and officers below them. I am going to make them accountable.
"I want to bring in a mix of incentive and disincentive to make it happen. I am going to incentivise good operations," Prabhu said.
The Minister said he will focus on outcomes as part of a new strategy to transform railways.
FEATURED ARTICLES

England  Pakistan announce 30 member provisional squad for 2015 WorldCupBy: Agencies |
Posted: December 6, 2014 8:33 pm
England named a provisional 30-man squad on Saturday for next year’s one-day World Cup with Alastair Cook as captain.
Cook is under pressure following a poor run of results and is suspended from Sunday’s game against Sri Lanka due to the team’s slow over-rate in the last game.
Fast bowlers James Anderson and Stuart Broad were included in the squad after missing the current seven-match series in Sri Lanka due to injury. Alastair Cook captain as England name provisional World Cup squad
A 15-man squad for the Tri-Series against Australia and India and the World Cup is due to be announced after the Sri Lanka series which England trail 2-1 with four matches to play.
England: Alastair Cook (captain), Moeen Ali, James Anderson, Jonathan Bairstow, Gary Ballance, Ian Bell, Ravi Bopara, Tim Bresnan, Stuart Broad, Jack Brooks, Jos Buttler, Steven Finn, Harry Gurney, Alex Hales, Chris Jordan, Craig Kieswetter, Eoin Morgan, Stephen Parry, Samit Patel, Liam Plunkett, Boyd Rankin, Adil Rashid, Joe Root, Jason Roy, Ben Stokes, James Taylor, James Tredwell, James Vince, Chris Woakes, Luke Wright
PAKISTAN’S 30 PROBABLES
Pakistan named suspended offspinner Saeed Ajmal in its preliminary squad of 30 players for next year’s World Cup in Australia and New Zealand.
Ajmal was suspended in September for an illegal bowling action and has been undergoing rehabilitation under former test offspinner Saqlain Mushtaq at the National Cricket Academy.
The Pakistan Cricket Board Ajmal showed significant improvement on his bowling action during testing at the Lougborough University in England, but his elbow extension is still above the allowed 15 degrees limit.
Fit-again fast bowler Umar Gul and Wahab Riaz were also included in the list of probables which will be trimmed down to a final 15 by Jan. 7.
“The most positive aspect is that some of our foremost proven talents have overcome physical issues and are raring to be given an opportunity,” chief selector Moina Khan said in a statement.
Pakistan will be playing a five-match one-day international series against New Zealand starting in Dubai on Monday, and will also take on the Black Caps in another short one-day series before February’s World Cup.
The preliminary squad includes five opening batsmen, nine middle-order batsmen, six fast bowlers, four spinners, four allrounders and two wicketkeepers.
The PCB has already named Misbah-ul-Haq as captain of the team for the World Cup.
Pakistan squad: Misbah-ul-Haq (captain), Mohammad Hafeez, Ahmed Shehzad, Nasir Jamshed, Sharjeel Khan, Sami Aslam, Younis Khan, Asad Shafiq, Azhar Ali, Sohaib Maqsood, Fawad Alam, Haris Sohail, Shoaib Malik, Umar Akmal, Mohammad Irfan, Wahab Riaz, Junaid Khan, Umar Gul, Ehsan Adil, Mohammad Talha, Saeed Ajmal, Zulfiqar Babar, Raza Hasan, Yasir Shah, Shahid Afridi, Anwar Ali, Bilawal Bhatti, Sohail Tanvir, Sarfraz Ahmad, Kamran Akmal.

Only a matter of margin of victory for Australia  says IanChappellBy: Press Trust of India |
Posted: December 6, 2014 8:47 pm
Former Australia captain Ian Chappell has no doubt that the home team will win the upcoming Test series against India but he feels the margin would depend on how the visiting batsmen tackle the pace and bounce.
“The one thing we do know — Australia will win. But by what margin? The key to the result — and it’s only a matter of the margin of Australia’s victory — will be how India’s batsmen tackle the pace and bounce of the pitches and how effective their attack is under these conditions,” Chappell wrote in his column in ‘Daily Telegraph’.
Chappell, however, admitted that a good start by the Indian batsmen might pose a threat to the Aussies.
“India need to make a good start when they bat. If that happens, then Virat Kohli and Rohit Sharma, two excellent players of the horizontal bat shots, could be extremely dangerous,” the ex-skipper said.
Speaking on India’s bowling, Chappell said, “Ishant Sharma is the most experienced and he needs to be a potent spearhead. If he can inspire by taking wickets with the new ball, then it will improve the chances of India’s other bowlers. This is India’s best way to expose any Australian hesitancy against spinners when playing at home.”
Chappell feels it would be tough for the Australian players to get into the rhythm quickly as the tragic demise of Phillip Hughes would be fresh in their minds.
“Just a couple of weeks ago, the most likely result in the Test series was Australia being a comfortable 4-0 victors over India. The tragic accident that took Phil Hughes’ life has changed that outlook and a lot of other things in the game,” said the former batsman.
“There’s no doubt the Australians, especially, will find the series tough going. It will be harder for bowlers than batsmen. No fast bowler wants to hit a batsman in the prevailing mood. They know they have to bowl bouncers, it’s an integral part of their armoury, but it will be a while before they deliver them with full intensity,” he explained.

Congress  NCP slam Maharashtra CM Devendra Fadnavis for skippingtea-sessionBy: Express News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 6, 2014 9:24 pm | Updated: December 7, 2014 12:54 pm
The Congress and NCP leaders on Saturday voiced their protest against Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis for not attending the tea-party hosted on eve of the winter session beginning in Nagpur from Monday.
Fadnavis is leaving on Sunday to attend a meeting of all chief ministers convened by Prime Minister Narendra Modi. The day also coincides with high-tea convened by state government ahead of winter session at Nagpur.
The former chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and former deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar said, “It is highly humiliating if the Chief Minister himself skips the tea session which is convened to discuss the issues with the opposition parties.”
On Sunday, Fadnavis is going to Delhi to attend a meeting of all chief ministers convened by prime minister Narendra Modi. The Chief Minister has urged his senior cabinet colleague Chandrakant Patil to take the charge during the tea session in his absence.
However, Pawar and Chavan believe the absence of the Chief Minister cannot be justified. Pawar said, “For the first time in the history of state legislature we have a chief minister who is not attending the tea party.”
Ahead of every session it is a customary for the government to convene a high-tea with the leaders of all political parties. The Chief Minister is the host for the high-tea as he heads the government.
MPCC chief Manikrao Thakre said, “This is the first session after the assembly elections and it is expected that chief minister should have been present. The chief minister should have reworked his schedule to ensure he could attend the meeting as well as tea session.”
According to BJP cabinet minister, “The opposition has the right to express their views. But the prime minister meeting was scheduled and it coincides with the tea session.” Moreover, chief minister is not escaping the opposition. He has deputed a senior cabinet minister to play the host, he added. Arguing, “PM meeting in Delhi is also important as matters of Maharashtra issues would be raised by Fadnavis.”

Newcastle ride on Papiss Cisse brace to end Chelseas unbeatenrunBy: Reuters | Newcastle |
Posted: December 6, 2014 9:11 pm | Updated: December 6, 2014 9:12 pm
Newcastle United ended Chelsea’s 23-match unbeaten run as Papiss Cisse scored two second-half goals in a tense 2-1 win over the Premier League leaders on Saturday.
Cisse, who came on as a substitute after the break, tapped in Newcastle’s first after 57 minutes and struck again on the break 20 minutes later, seconds after Eden Hazard had been denied an equaliser by the woodwork.
Newcastle were reduced to 10 men shortly afterwards when Steven Taylor was shown a second yellow card for a foul on Andre Schuerrle before substitute Didier Drogba gave Chelsea hope of a comeback with a majestic header after 83 minutes.
Chelsea applied late pressure in a nerve-jangling six minutes of stoppage time but their hopes of stretching their unbeaten run to a new club record were thwarted by dogged Newcastle resistance and a brilliant fingertip save by substitute keeper Jak Alnwick on his competitive debut.
Defeat for Jose Mourinho’s side, their first since the second leg of last season’s Champions League semi-final against Atletico Madrid, means champions Manchester City can close the gap to three points if they beat Everton at home later.

IPTL: UAE Royals win big over Singapore SlammersBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 6, 2014 8:16 pm | Updated: December 6, 2014 11:40 pm
The India leg of the International Premier Tennis League (IPTL) got a promising response from the fans on the opening day when Indian Aces edged out Manila Mavericks 26-25 in a late night thriller.
The UAE Royals thumped Singapore Slammers 29-16 in a one-sided affair before Indian Aces came from behind to beat Manila Mavericks in a super shoot-out.
The sizeable crowd at the Indian Gandhi Indoor Stadium got the first-hand taste of the fast-paced format made for creating its own space on the busy tennis calendar.
A much bigger treat is in store for the fans on Sunday when record 17-time Grand Slam champion Roger Federer and 14-major winner Pete Sampras make their much awaited India debut.
The night tie began with home heroes Sania Mirza and Rohan Bopanna taking on Kirsten Flipkens and Daniel Nestor in the mixed doubles. The seasoned Indians were expected to give their team a 1-0 lead but they ended up losing a close match against the Mavericks 5-6.
In the past, champions singles, Indian Aces were put further on the back foot when retired Frenchman Cedric Pioline went down to Australia’s Mark Philppousis 4-6.
Bopanna and Gael Monfils pulled one back for Aces, defeating Treat Huey and Jo-Wilfried Tsonga 6-5 in an intense men’s doubles match.
It was the turn of men’s singles next with an exciting battle on cards between world number 18 Monfils and 12th-ranked Tsonga.
The face-off between France teammate got crown really into the match with Monfils celebrating in his signature style every time he won a point. Eventually Tsonga won 6-4 to give Mavericks more breathing space.
With score in favour of the away team at 19-23, it was all down to Ana Ivanovic to rescue Aces. The world No 5 did not disappoint, winning the set 6-3 against Flipkens to take the match into a super shoot-out with scores tied at 25-25.
Monfils won the race to seven minutes 10-7 over Tsonga, giving the hosts a thrilling win.
In the first match earlier, world No 9 Marin Cilic delighted the spectators with his power-packed game that made him the 2014 US Open champion.
He proved to be too good for Singapore’s Lleyton Hewitt, the former world No 1 who looked way past his prime.
The Croat fired aces after aces, racing to a 5-1 lead in the one-off set. Hewitt, known for his fighting spirit all these years, came back to make it 3-5 before Cilic secured the set on the deciding point after 40-40. There is no ad-scoring in this innovative format.
Cilic then partnered doubles specialist Nenad Zimonjic to beat the Australian combine of Nick Kyrgios and Hewitt 6-2. It was a tad surprising the team did not choose the younger Kyrgios to play the men’s singles.
Next up was a fun match between two retired Grand Slam champions, UAE’s Goran Ivanisevic taking on continued…

