Indo-French initiative to forecast monsoon betterThe HIndu K. Kasturirangan, Chairman of Karnataka Knowledge Commission
Secretary to Union Ministry of Earth Sciences and President of Indian Society of Geomatics Shailesh Nayak
A final decision on the joint effort will be taken during talks between the two countries in October and the project will be launched in December. Asked if there was any impact of the El Nino phenomenon on the monsoon in the country, Dr. Nayak said there had been no direct impact so far.
In a bid to predict the monsoon better than extant systems, India and France will launch a joint initiative by the year-end, according to the Ministry of Earth Sciences (MoES).
A final decision on the joint effort will be taken during talks between the two countries in October and the project will be launched in December, MoES Secretary Shailesh Nayak said. Speaking on the sidelines of a workshop on climate change and monsoon organised by INCOIS and ESSO-IITM here on Monday, Dr. Nayak said eight more countries were interested in joining the initiative.
Asked if there was any impact of the El Nino phenomenon on the monsoon in the country, Dr. Nayak said there had been no direct impact so far, and the near normal monsoon was an indication. “Even if there is some impact, it will only be towards the year-end as forecasts so far have been near-accurate,” he said, adding that as against the prediction of 93 per cent normal precipitation in July, actual figures were 90.3 per cent.
Dr. Nayak said recent findings indicated that the polar regions had a major impact on the monsoon on a decadal scale, and the Indo-French joint initiative would study the aspect further. Explaining that total quantity of monsoon rainfall had not changed in recent decades, but there had been changes to the pattern, the MoES Secretary said low and medium weather events were on the decline, while extreme ones were on the rise.
Earlier, speaking after inaugurating the two-day 6 Climate Workshop, Science of Climate Change - Monsoon and Ocean, former chairman of the Indian Space Research Organisation K. Kasturirangan said it had now become imperative for India to adopt an aggressive approach to address issues related to climate change. Climate change would include and affect issues such as international policy, insurance, health, economy and law as understanding it had become essential for India from the perspective of water and food security, clean air, health and economy.
Dr. Kasturirangan said black carbon aerosols were second only to carbon dioxide in contributing to global warming. While the US accounted for 33 per cent of the total global greenhouse gas emissions, India and China contributed over 30 per cent to black carbon emissions, he said. INCOIS Director S.S.C. Shenoi and ESSO-IITM Director R. Krishnan spoke.

United Bank of India declares Vijay Mallya wilful defaulterUpdated: September 1, 2014 13:27 IST
United Bank of India declares Vijay Mallya wilful defaulter
Indrani Dutta
The Hindu Vijay Mallya and three other directors of Kingfisher Airlines were declared as wilful defaulters. File photo
TOPICS
business (general)
United Bank of India (UBI) has declared Vijay Mallya and three directors of Kingfisher Airlines (KFA) as wilful defaulters. The development was confirmed by the bank’s executive director Deepak Narang.
Besides Mr. Mallya, three other directors — A.K. Ganguly, Subhash Gupte and Ravi Nedungadi — have also been declared as wilful defaulters, Mr. Narang told The Hindu.
The bank has an exposure of between Rs.350 crore and Rs.400 crore to KFA, which was given by the Bangalore branch of UBI.
It may be mentioned that UBI filed a caveat in the Supreme Court against KFA on August 29, 2014, after the Division Bench of the High Court dismissed a KFA appeal against UBI.
Earlier, UBI had identified Mr. Mallya as a wilful defaulter, and asked him to appear before the bank’s panel to hear him out before declaring him as a wilful defaulter. Mr. Mallya later moved the court seeking exemption of his appearance before the panel.
In its July 2012 master circular on wilful defaulters, the RBI had said that a “wilful default” would be deemed to have occurred if a unit has defaulted in meeting its payment / repayment obligations to the lender even when it has the capacity to honour the said obligations. It is also wilful default when the borrower has not utilised the finance from the lender for the specific purposes for which finance was availed of but has diverted the funds for other purposes. Wilful default also occurs when there is default in meeting payment obligations to the lender and there is siphoning off of funds.
Mallya to challenge
Lalatendu Mishra writes from Mumbai:
Mr. Mallya and other directors of KFA have decided to challenge UBI’s decision in the Supreme Court where a Special Leave Petition had already been filed. KFA, in a statement, said that the decision depriving KFA of an opportunity to be represented by a lawyer before UBI’s committee amounted to miscarriage of justice, a denial of an opportunity of defending itself and a violation of principles of natural justice. KFA said that in the case of Punjab National Bank, the Delhi High Court had allowed it to be represented by a lawyer. This was, however, denied in the case of UBI. KFA said on August 29, 2014, immediately after an adverse ruling by the Calcutta High Court, it filed a Special Leave Petition before the Supreme Court.
“Even before a copy of the order dated August 28, 2014, passed by the Calcutta High Court has been made available to the parties and even before the Special Leave Petition filed by KFA has been listed before the Supreme Court, UBI has post haste proceeded to purportedly declare KFA and its directors/erstwhile directors as wilful defaulters in respect of an overdraft facility of Rs.7.5 crore. KFA intends to pursue all available legal remedies, including in the Special Leave Petition filed before the Supreme Court,” KFA said in a statement.
Take action: AIBEA
N. Anand writes from Chennai
While welcoming UBI’s move, All India Bank Employees’ Association General Secretary C.H. Venkatachalam has urged all the nationalised banks to declare similar defaulters as wilful defaulters, and take criminal action against them. AIBEA had released the names of 4,000 defaulters.

Statistics underscore Griffins preseason strugglesStatistics underscore Griffin’s preseason struggles
By Liz Clarke
Comments
Robert Griffin III had a quarterback rating of 46.0 in the preseason. (Evan Vucci/Associated Press)
It’s no secret that Washington’s third-year quarterback Robert Griffin III struggled in adapting to the role of pocket-passer during the preseason. The hesitation was evident in the way he held onto the ball a tick too long, resulting in four sacks in his limited outings in three games, and took off running more than once before identifying an open receiver.
Griffin has said the preseason was a learning experience for himself and the first-team offense. And he has voiced confidence that the unit will be ready for the Sept. 7 regular-season opener at Houston.
Based on NFL statistics, here’s a look at how Griffin’s performance, and those of the Redskins’ backup quarterbacks, fared in relation to their NFC peers this preseason:
Fittingly, Super Bowl champion Seattle’s Russell Wilson was the NFC’s leading passer, completing 33 of 42 passes for 437 yards, three touchdowns and no interceptions. That equated to an NFC-best 133.8 rating.
Colt McCoy, Washington’s third-string quarterback, finished seventh in the NFC standings with a 111.6 rating. Backup Kirk Cousins (101.6) was 14th.
Griffin’s 46.0 rating ranked 54th among the 58 NFC quarterbacks who took preseason snaps.
Here’s a closer look at the performance of Washington’s quarterbacks through the preseason.
QB          ATT   COMP    YDS   COMP%   TD  INT  SACK  RATING
McCoy     44      32          496     72.7           4      3        2        111.6
Cousins    54      35          370     64.8          4      1        1        101.6
Griffin      20      13           141     65.0          0      2       4          46.0
 

Be aware of power of pomegranateBe aware of power of pomegranate
By Indo Asian News Service | IANS India Private Limited/Yahoo India News –  9 hours ago
Share 0
Pomegranate has many health benefits, and it can do wonders for one's skin too.
From playing the role of powerful antioxidant to a product of anti-ageing, the fruit can help in many ways, suggests Wren Holmes, brand manager of natural ayurvedic skincare Urban Veda, reports femalefirst.co.uk.
Here's how you can use the fruit for skin nourishment:
* Powerful antioxidant: Skin nutrition is vital at tackling one of the biggest causes of aging: free radical damage, and pomegranates are rightly known as superfoods for their antioxidant content.
* Cellular regeneration: Not only is pomegranate anti-inflammatory and high in essential fatty acids, it has also been shown to stimulate Keratinocyte skin cells which help with cellular regeneration, making it a fantastic anti-aging ingredient.
* Anti-ageing: The outer layer of the skin, the dermis, is made up of collagen and elastic fibres. Wrinkles arise in the dermis as collagen and elastin degrade and Vitamin C is an integral part of collagen formation enabling proteins to become stronger. Just one pomegranate possesses 48 percent of the daily value of Vitamin C.
* Organic pomegranate juice: Organic pomegranate juice is highly beneficial for skin. Its small molecular structure helps to penetrate more deeply into the skin to deliver hydration rich in micronutrients and phytochemicals.
* The crushed seeds of pomegranate are also perfect for exfoliation.
You may also like:

Car sales continue to rise in AugustCar sales continue to rise in August
As i noted earlier  the delivery % throughout august was more than 75%...Platinum Member
101 Followers
As I noted earlier, the delivery % throughout August was more than 75% everyday. Today, 1st September`14 the delivery is 100%. Looks like we will have further UCs ahead.
about 1 hr 13 min 43 sec ago  | Track

Buy pnb @ 979/- targets 990/- & 1000/- stop loss 973/- intraday c...Chief of Bureau, CNBC-TV18 Mumbai
2291
Financial Markets Anchor & Research Analyst
12146
Head - Research
2470
CNBC-TV18 Poll gives 9/10 to Guv Rajan for his performance in 1st yr in office. Rajan in RBI one of UPA`s best decisions?
Yes

What is the target for tommorrow and for the week in wockhardtChief of Bureau, CNBC-TV18 Mumbai
2291
Financial Markets Anchor & Research Analyst
12146
Head - Research
2470
CNBC-TV18 Poll gives 9/10 to Guv Rajan for his performance in 1st yr in office. Rajan in RBI one of UPA`s best decisions?
Yes

Such stocks are tough to find. now that it is available  just grab it ...New Member
0 Follower
such stocks are tough to find. now that it is available, just grab it and forget it. it has huge potential to multiply 5 times from here with incremental strength. one more quarter of same good results will push this stock to 100  easily. at current levels, it is a strong buy and accumulate.
11.57 PM Sep 1st  | Track

Chelsea F.C. sign France forward Loic Remy from Queens park RangersChina's final HSBC PMI hits 3-month low in August
China's factory sector grew at its slackest pace in three months as growth in output and new orders ...

Cristiano Ronaldo tops European footballer rich list; net worth at $230 mnChina's final HSBC PMI hits 3-month low in August
China's factory sector grew at its slackest pace in three months as growth in output and new orders ...

Atletico Madrid agree to sign Italy midfielder Alessio Cerci from TorinoChina's final HSBC PMI hits 3-month low in August
China's factory sector grew at its slackest pace in three months as growth in output and new orders ...

Honda Mobilio RS (O) vs Toyota Innova ZX: Top-end clashChina's final HSBC PMI hits 3-month low in August
China's factory sector grew at its slackest pace in three months as growth in output and new orders ...

Ukraine Prez accuses Russia of direct  openaggressionA man in the basement of his house, used as a bomb shelter in the town of Ilovaisk, eastern Ukraine, Sunday. (Source: AP)
Summary
Tweet This
Ukraine’s military said on Monday it had pulled its forces back from defending a vital airport in the east against Russian tanks, as President Petro Poroshenko accused Moscow of “direct and open aggression”.
The withdrawal from the civilian airport outside the city of Luhansk was the latest in a string of reverses for Ukrainian forces fighting pro-Russian separatists who Kiev says have the direct support of hundreds of Russian troops and armour.
A military statement said Ukrainian paratroopers were engaging a Russian tank battalion near the airport. A while later spokesman Andriy Lysenko said: “In the Luhansk direction, Ukrainian forces have received an order and have pulled back from the airport.”
Poroshenko, speaking at a military academy in Kiev, said Russia’s direct involvement in Kiev’s war against the separatists in eastern Ukraine had tipped the balance on the battlefield and was the main reason for recent setbacks.
“Direct and open aggression has been launched against Ukraine from a neighbouring state. This has changed the situation in the zone of conflict in a radical way,” he said.
Moscow denies helping the rebels, who have set up “people’s republics” in the Russian-speaking east of Ukraine and say they want to be part of “Russian world” rather than a country which seeks integration into mainstream Europe.
“According to our operational data, there are no fewer than four (Russian) battalion-tactical groups in Ukraine,” Lysenko told reporters. Each one comprised 400 men, he said.
Separatists, who Kiev says were backed by a Russian armoured column, took the town of Novoazovsk in the southeast last week and are now threatening the strategic port city of Mariupol 40 km to the west.
Their seizure of part of the coastline provided them with a vantage point from which to shell a coastguard patrol boat in the Sea of Azov on Sunday, sinking it — the first action at sea in the conflict.
Two members of the crew are missing while eight were rescued and are being treated for burns and other injuries.
Concern is mounting in Kiev over the fate of several hundred Ukrainian troops encircled for days in Ilovaysk, east of the region’s biggest town of Donetsk.
Kiev’s military has imposed an information clampdown on what is happening in Ilovaysk region until its forces have been successfully withdrawn.
UK PM Cameron says Russian troops in Kiev ‘unacceptable’
LONDON: The presence of Russian troops on Ukrainian soil is “unjustified and unacceptable”, British Prime Minister David Cameron said on Monday. “Russia appears to be trying to force Ukraine to abandon its democratic choices at the barrel of a gun,” Cameron told parliament, warning Moscow its relationship with the rest of the world would be “radically different” in future if it continued with its current policy continued…

US Open: Defending champion Serena Williams through toquartersWilliams will meet Italian 11th seed Flavia Pennetta, a semi-finalist last year. (Source: AP)
Summary
Serena rode her big serve to a 6-3 6-3 victory over Kaia Kanepi to advance to the quarters of the U.S. Open.
Tweet This
Two-times defending champion Serena Williams rode her big serve to a 6-3 6-3 victory over Kaia Kanepi of Estonia to advance to the quarter-finals of the U.S. Open on Monday.
Williams won every one of her first serve points in the opening set, including six aces, as she pounded in 63 percent of them and never faced break point in the set.
The second set saw both players struggle on serve, with a total of six breaks registered, as Williams, who belted eight aces, won with her fourth service break in the final game of the 65-minute match between the ferocious hitters.
“She hits the ball incredibly hard and moves the ball around,” said Williams, who hopes to make up for a disappointing grand slam season in which she failed to advance past the fourth round in any of the previous majors. “I just keep fighting.”
“I finally made a quarter-final this year!” she shouted to the Arthur Ashe Stadium crowd with arms upraised. “Glad to do it in New York.”
Williams will meet Italian 11th seed Flavia Pennetta, a semi-finalist last year who advanced with a 7-5 6-2 win against 29th-seeded Australian Casey Dellacqua.
Tags:

Expedite cases against MPs  MLAs: Centre to tellstatesComments
Summary
The move also comes in the backdrop of a directive of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to cleanse politics of tainted lawmakers.
Tweet This
With the Supreme Court setting a deadline to complete trial in cases involving lawmakers, the Centre will soon write to state governments to speed up cases against MPs and MLAs facing charges which attract disqualification.
The move also comes in the backdrop of a directive of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to cleanse politics of tainted lawmakers.
“It is a priority commitment of the Narendra Modi government that polity needs to be cleansed. Those against whom criminal cases are pending… the trial needs to be expedited. If they are clean, they will be acquitted. If they are not, law will take its own course,” Law Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad said after a meeting with Home Minister Rajnath Singh.
Prasad said cases against MPs and MLAs which attract disqualification under Section 8(1), 8(2) and 8(3) of the Representation of the People Act needed to be completed within one year of framing charges, according to a March 10 directive of the Supreme Court. Any sentence which attracts punishment of two years and above can lead to disqualification from Parliament or state legislature.
“The government is going to follow up the direction of the Supreme Court in a substantial way whereby the Home Minister shall be writing to all chief ministers of the states and I will be writing to all law ministers of the states to ensure mandatory compliance of this provision,” said Prasad.
Highly placed sources said the Attorney General is likely to inform the apex court about the government decision to write to the states to expedite the cases involving lawmakers. Prasad said the government will send a fresh directive to all states asking them to release on personal bond all undertrials who have completed 50 per cent of the term under charges they have been accused of.
Tags:

Im not here to make gentlemen  Im here to producefightersDelhi U19 coach Hitesh Sharma is known to be a stickler for fitness. (Source: Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
Summary
Tweet This
On a humid afternoon at the Feroz Shah Kotla in New Delhi stands a towering figure. Getting some treatment on his right shoulder, which was injured during a road accident recently, he shouts at the batch, of over 50, running repeated rounds in not-so-friendly conditions.
“Run,” he says. “Keep running,” he repeats.
Hitesh Sharma, who is understood to be a vital cog in the coaching set up of the Delhi U-19 team this season, is infamous for his emphasis on fitness. Overlooking the 15-day conditioning camp of the players who played at the U-16 and U-19 level last year, the 47-year-old feels the demands of the long season makes it imperative to attain optimum level of fitness.
“I am actually defamed for this. People say ‘ye daudata bahut hai’ (he makes cricketers run a lot). Now there is IPL, lot of 40-overs cricket. So there is no option but to stay at the top of your fitness level. Anyway, I am not here to make a gentleman; I want to make a fighter. I am not going to marry my daughter to them. Everyone knows that the level of fitness is increasing in cricket. And, the U-19 season is very long and taxing on the body. We will leave this bunch free after a comprehensive fitness clinic. The season starts in the first week of October. So we will recall the lot, and focus more on the cricketing aspect then,” explains Sharma.
Sharma, who has been associated with junior cricket in Delhi for over 12 years, played a crucial role in the laurels Delhi earned in junior cricket in 2012-13. After leading the U-22 to the finals of the CK Nayudu trophy, he repeated the show with the U-16 team, who also ended up as runners-up in the Vijay Merchant tournament . But, a major reshuffle in the DDCA Sports Committee forced him to don the selector’s hat for U-25 last year. Back in the role he enjoys the most, Sharma throws light on the plans for the upcoming season.
“Right now they are undergoing a rigorous training schedule. They do fielding, running, stretching and then we return to our first emphasis – fitness level. I’m not very sure about the procedure after this camp. They (DDCA) might call players from various clubs for net trials. But focus right now is only on fitness. It will shift to cricket after we conclude this clinic,” reveals Sharma.
THE KNOWN LOT
With most of the players who played U-19 last year graduating to the senior level, Sharma finds himself with a batch he enjoyed a lot of success in the 2012-13 season. Of the 22 he coached for the U-16 season, everyone finds a spot in the ongoing conditioning continued…

Campaign of thecontainersTweet This
Never have shipping containers been so popular in Pakistan. As anti-government protesters headed into Islamabad, police used the enormous steel blocks to try to keep them out. But the marchers brought cranes with them, moved the containers out of the way, and are now camped out at the gates of parliament. Protesters have been using the containers too though — as makeshift homes, offices and stages. On August 19, Imran Khan declared: “These containers that you have placed on all four sides are not enough to stop this ocean of people!”
Containers as a tool of protest
The government
It has requisitioned hundreds of shipping containers to be used as hurdles along the streets and highways between Lahore and Islamabad to slow down marchers.
Yasir Naseer, President of the All Pakistan Truck Trailer Motors’ Owners Association, told Dawn that up to 1,400 of its members’ containers had been commandeered by officials, with “meagre” or no compensation offered.
Naseer also said that around 80 per cent of the seized containers were normally used in the trade between Pakistan and Afghanistan. Some of the commandeered containers were actually loaded with goods, including perishables, he added.
Long queues of containers impounded by Lahore police can be seen parked at entry and exit points in the city. Containers are also being used to block key points in cities across the country.
Imran Khan
Recently it was widely reported that Khan’s party had had a container converted at a cost of some 12.5 million Pakistani rupees ($124,000).
It is equipped with meeting facilities, a bathroom, and a “nifty spiral staircase” leading to the roof — and is supposedly bomb-proof.
After he was accused of spending nights at his villa instead of with his supporters on the streets, Khan has taken to staying inside the container.
Tahir-ul-Qadri
Before the elections in May 2013, Tahir-ul- Qadri’s Pakistan Awami Tehrik party started a “long march” to Islamabad on January 14.
As The Economist reported, Qadri “delivered thunderous addresses” from a “converted shipping container placed on Islamabad’s main thoroughfare”.
The yellow shipping container that formed the base of the 2013 protest had several features. It was bullet-proof, powered by an electric generator, contained a heater, a refrigerator, a microwave oven, mattresses and a toilet.
His fortified container lay placed “atop a lorry parked in Islamabad’s main shopping centre, guarded from suicide bombers and policemen by club-wielding henchmen”, reported The Telegraph.
On January 17, Qadri made a deal with the government and ended the protest.
This year, Qadri has been giving speeches from shipping containers, but has been living at home in Model Town, Lahore.
Previous use
Pakistani police have used shipping containers to try keep suicide bombers at bay or to block off buildings and control traffic during tense times, a practice that has been prevalent for five years.
Many of the containers have the official police logo painted on them.
In 2012, authorities in Karachi requisitioned containers from shipping companies to create a protective barrier around President Asif Ali Zardari’s residence in Karachi.
Elsewhere…
A London-based company is making hotel rooms from refurbished shipping containers. Officials just recruited their services for continued…

Reaching out to people scared of snakesUpdated: September 2, 2014 00:49 IST
Reaching out to people scared of snakes
Nivedita Ganguly
The Hindu Snake-catcher R. Kiran Kumar with a python which he caught in Visakhapatnam on Monday. Photo: K.R. Deepak
TOPICS
human interest
He enters the Limca Book of Records for catching highest number of snakes. With rising incidences of snakes entering residential premises, Kumar has become a known face in the city and a helpline that is just one phone call away.
As Rokkam Kiran Kumar stealthily opened a bag and took out the 10-feet-long python, there was a collective gasp from the big crowd that gathered at the busy NH5 road near NSTL on Monday afternoon. “This sub-adult python is like a baby. It won’t harm you unless you provoke it. Contrary to popular belief, pythons belong to the family of non-venomous snakes,” said the confident snake-catcher, who rescued the 70-kg reptile after it slithered into the compound of a house at Sector 6 of Vizag Steel Plant.
Known face
With rising incidences of snakes entering residential premises, Kumar has become a known face in the city and a helpline that is just one phone call away. In the past 10 years, he caught and rescued over 10,000 snakes in the city and the suburbs, which got him into the Limca Book of Records for catching the highest number of snakes.
Acknowledging his decade-long efforts, he was recently given official permission to rescue snakes by the Chief Wildlife Warden with the support of the Conservator of Forest.
“On an average, I rescue five to six snakes in a day. But some days, I get more than 30 calls and it is difficult for me attend to all of them,” said Kiran. In order to address this issue, Kiran has recently registered his society called ‘Snakes Saver Society’ and formed a team with 16 other members, whom he has trained to catch and rescue snakes. “We now want to reach out to city schools and colleges and conduct awareness workshops on snakes and how to be safe,” he said. “There are about 250 species of snakes found in the region, but only a handful of them are venomous,” he said.
Hailing from a village in Visakhapatnam district, Kiran spent his childhood learning the ways of the reptiles that were a common occurrence in the agricultural fields.
Even though there are over 3,400 species of snakes found worldwide, these reptiles have long been under-represented in conservation initiatives. “It is time that we understand the importance of snakes and the role it plays in maintaining the ecological balance as they keep rodents population under control. Today, man is encroaching on its natural habitat and hence it is venturing into residential zones,” said Kiran.
Apart from rescuing several pythons and tree snakes, Kiran has also caught some of the most venomous snakes like Russell’s viper and krait from the city and its neighbouring areas.
He can be reached at 9849140500.

Guru Granth Sahib anniversaryUpdated: September 2, 2014 00:45 IST
Guru Granth Sahib anniversary
Tweet
The Hindu Devotees offering prayers at Gurudwara on the occasion of Guru Granth Sahib anniversary in Visakhapatnam on Monday. PHOTO: K.R. Deepak
It was the day when the eternal Guru ‘Guru Granth Sahib’ was bestowed with the title of the final Sikh Guru, ending the lineage of human Gurus. Marking the event, the devout assembled at Gurudwara Sadh Sangath in Visakhapatnam on Monday to pay respects to the Holy Scripture ‘Guru Granth Sahib’ on the occasion of his 410th anniversary. After offering prayers, the Sikhs took part in ‘Akhand Path’, ‘kirtans’, and special ‘arati’. People of all age groups turned up for the celebrations.

Gammon India seeks nod from shareholders to sell stakes in foreign armsGammon India seeks nod from shareholders to sell stakes in foreign arms
I will neither resign  nor go on leave: Pakistan PMI will neither resign  nor go on leave: Pakistan PM
Wockhardt gets QIPD status for anti-infectivesWockhardt gets QIPD status for anti-infectives
Mentally-challenged teenage girl raped by auto driver in DelhiMentally-challenged teenage girl raped by auto driver in Delhi
Control Technologies Market in US 2014-2018Control Technologies Market in US 2014-2018
Post of the decade:stockchamp!!!New Member
3 Followers
If anybody wants to check just massage any of the guy who posts so many massages , You will get reply in no time... M shocked ... Are they actully doing some work or just posting massages ?

@striker ji  ok..i am holding half qty only. already booked profit in ...Platinum Member
293 Followers
I have similar thinking. So tom I`ll look to enter long somewhere near 7850 if I get. All depends on the opportunity it gives. But if previous high is broken, we may c some correction.

Buy elgi equipments @ 136/- targets 139/- & 143/- stop loss 134/- ...Platinum Member
1664 Followers
Buy Elgi Equipments @ 136/- Targets 139/- & 143/- Stop loss 134/-   Intraday call for 2nd Sept; 2014...
Bro. I find out this levels for intraday is it correct or required any correction...?
In reply to : valine message
about 1 hr 17 min 51 sec ago

One can still buy if they are willing to  one doesn`t need to wait for...you misssed me der
i am also going to sell tata motors hundred shares
please note that lic will not sell their holdings at tata motors because it is difficult find equal investmen t pportunity in themarket
where they go with monty/  they do not  need money for investing in up coming psu sales/  after all they are the one who is going to come nd resqaue  please check last time when there were no buyers for ongc
ptquote
In reply to : mudraguru2011 message
4.47 PM Sep 1st

CNBC-TV18 Market Report (r)Shah expects 10-12 percent earnings growth for this financial year, but is hopeful of a 20 percent growth in FY16. He also sees big ticket macro reforms like GST being implemented in 2015....
Source : CNBC-TV18
Share this video with Friends
Most Watched Videos

Zest in time  sales at Tata Motors start to turn the cornerPolling booth to PMO, Narendra Modi is still growing strong on Facebook
With over 20 million followers, Narendra Modi is now the second most followed person on Facebook.

Launches  festive season boost Aug car sales 10%Polling booth to PMO, Narendra Modi is still growing strong on Facebook
With over 20 million followers, Narendra Modi is now the second most followed person on Facebook.

CAD narrows sharply to 1.7% in first quarterPolling booth to PMO, Narendra Modi is still growing strong on Facebook
With over 20 million followers, Narendra Modi is now the second most followed person on Facebook.

Diesel under-recovery declines steeply  deregulation imminentPolling booth to PMO, Narendra Modi is still growing strong on Facebook
With over 20 million followers, Narendra Modi is now the second most followed person on Facebook.

Police wrap up probe on forced conversion  say allegationsfalseAfter questioning the pastors, police found that people in Kulesra were praying with Christians on their own volition.
Summary
Police said despite the fact that no FIR had been filed, they conducted an investigation to verify the allegations as the matter is sensitive.
Tweet This
Police on Monday called the allegations of “forced conversions” in a Greater Noida village false and closed investigation into the matter, with SP (Rural) Brijesh Kumar Singh stating that the complaint had been made by local BJP leaders in Kulesra village.
Meanwhile, the Dalit Valmikis who were allegedly being forced to convert to Christianity have denied the charges, police said.
Police said after the complaint was made, a team was sent to the village to investigate the matter. Police said they found that the allegations were baseless and that people were praying with the Christian pastors on their own volition.
Meanwhile, the pastors — who had been detained following the allegation — said they would be meeting with members of the Greater Noida parish to decide their next step.
“There is simply no case in the matter. If people wish to pray to a god, we can’t stop them. Freedom of religion in India is a Fundamental Right guaranteed by the Constitution. Police have no role here as long as it’s being done peacefully and without harming others,” Singh said.
Police said despite the fact that no FIR had been filed, they conducted an investigation to verify the allegations as the matter is sensitive.
“This is an area where communal tensions have been high, particularly with regard to forced conversions. But our investigation found no such thing. The pastors had come to the village to pray with the people for their good,” Singh said.
He said those who were allegedly being forced to convert to Christianity, had denied the charges. “In our interviews with Dalit Valmikis who were allegedly being forcibly converted, they spoke of no such thing. They were only praying,” he said.
Meanwhile, Reverend Wilson Joseph, president of the Calvary Ashram Seva Sangh in Greater Noida, said they had not yet filed a police complaint in the matter.
“BJP workers instigated people. The pastors who were detained have been praying in the village for seven or eight years and have never faced such accusations,” he said.
Tags:

Andhra capital to be built between Guntur andVijayawadaTweet This
The Andhra Pradesh Cabinet has given its nod for establishing the state capital between Vijayawada and Guntur. The decision came after a five-hour long meeting held Monday. Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu is expected to speak on the issue in the Andhra Pradesh Assembly Tuesday. The Cabinet also decided that in case of any problems related to acquisition of land in some areas in the Vijayawada-Guntur stretch, the government would look for alternative sites in Nuzvedu in Krishna district, 42 km away from Vijayawada.
Meanwhile, Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu has asked his Cabinet colleagues not to make any statements in public about the capital city while informing them that the state capital would be established according to the Cabinet’s decision. Suggestions and recommendations made by the Sivaramakrishnan Committee also came up for discussion during the Cabinet meeting and several ministers are learnt to have opined that certain suggestions could be used by the government while establishing the new capital city.
Sivaramakrishnan Committee has opposed the Vijayawada-Guntur stretch stating that it could cause ecological problems as vast stretches of land are still under cultivation which would be converted into a concrete jungle. Instead, the committee has suggested that the capital city be built in sections in several areas utilising available government and waste land. The committee has not suggested or recommended any particular location to develop it as a capital but has outlined the pros and cons of at least eight locations, including Martur and Vinukonda, both of which are about 55 km from Guntur town.
The five-member panel headed by former urban development secretary K Sivaramakrishnan identified three sub-regions — Vizag region in North Andhra, Rayalaseema ‘Arc’ comprising Kurnool, Anantapur, Tirupathi, Kadapa and Chittoor, and land along the proposed Kalahasti-Nadikudi railway line — for the new capital.
Earlier in the day, state Finance Minister Y Ramakrishnudu said in spite of the Sivaramkrishnan Committee’s report, it was up to the government to decide on the location of the state capital. “We will consider the committee’s suggestions but the final decision would be taken by the Cabinet,’’ he said.
Tags:

Teachers Day: Govt says listening to speech isvoluntaryTweet This
In an attempt to douse controversy over Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s planned interaction with students on Teachers’ Day, Union HRD Minister Smriti Irani on Monday clarified that the participation of students in the event would be “voluntary”.
“This particular activity is voluntary in nature. If it is being politicised, then I would say it is regrettable,” Irani said when asked about the objections raised by some states over the issue. She was speaking on the sidelines of an NCERT event.
“Education is in the concurrent list. Nothing can be done without the state’s consent. It has already been discussed with the state governments,” she later said at the BJP headquarters.
Modi is scheduled to interact with around 1,000 students at the Manekshaw Auditorium on September 5. The programme, which would see Modi taking questions via video conferencing facility, would be beamed live to over 18 lakh government and private schools in the country through Doordarshan and education channels.
Opposition-ruled states like West Bengal have opposed the exercise with its Education Minister Partha Chatterjee claiming they have little time to make the necessary arrangements for it.
Meanwhile, rejecting reports that the Centre was renaming Teachers’ Day as ‘Guru Utsav’, Irani clarified it was the name of an essay writing competition initiated by her Ministry and that September 5 would continue to be celebrated as ‘Teachers’ Day’.
“I don’t know how it all started. Those who are commenting either don’t know the facts or are doing it wilfully for political reasons,” she said. The Ministry has clarified there were no attempts to rename the day and the spot advertisements released by it on Monday refer to September 5 as “Teachers’ Day”.
Tags:

In Rae Bareli  Sonia targets Modi over priceriseSonia Gandhi visits a villager in Rae Bareli on Monday. Source:PTI
Summary
Tweet This
Congress president Sonia Gandhi Monday slammed the Centre over rising prices after seeking opinion of villagers in her constituency, Rae Bareli, on whether they felt inflation has gone down in the 100 days of the Narendra Modi-led NDA government.
“Mehngai kam hui kya (has inflation gone down?” she asked locals while going village-to-village collecting applications and listening to their problems.
Stating that villagers were a better judge of Modi’s 100 days and the promises he had made, she asked them: “Jawab do, kaise rahe yeh din? Kya vayede pure hue? Kya mehngai kam hui?(Answer me, how have been these days? Have promises been fulfilled? Has inflation gone down?).”
As villagers in Harchandpur block of Rae Bareli started narrating how rates of food items were going up, Sonia, talking to The Indian Express said, “This is the actual truth of 100 days of NDA government. They made many promises but fulfilled none”.
This is Sonia’s first visit to villages of her constituency after Lok Sabha elections. During an earlier visit, she had spent just a few hours thanking party workers for her victory.
Asked if Congress needed to become more aggressive in UP, Sonia said, “We should become more aggressive everywhere. We are gradually picking up in UP.”
Sonia went door-to-door in five villages asking locals, especially women, about their problems. She started from Tanda village in Harchandpur block that gave her maximum votes during Lok Sabha elections. Villagers complained that for the past few months, they were hardly getting two to three hours of electricity in a day and even for these hours, the schedule was not regular.
Tags:

DDA website crashes as biggest schemelaunchedLong queues formed at the DDA headquarters at 8 am, more than an hour before the scheme was launched on Monday. (Source: Express photo by Praveen Khanna)
Summary
The sale of brochures will continue till October 9, with the draw of lots likely to be held towards the end of October.
Tweet This
Soon after the Delhi Development Authority (DDA) launched its 2014 housing scheme on Monday, the website of the land agency crashed, unable to take the load of the large number of people trying to download the form online.
The agency, however, managed to sell 30,000 brochures on the first day — 22,000 forms were sold by banks empanelled by DDA and the remaining 8,000 at DDA headquarters.
“Soon after the launch, we received 5 lakh hits on our official website, following which it crashed. Efforts are on to restore the service,” a DDA official said.
The 2014 scheme, which has been touted as one of the biggest ever announced by the DDA and has  25,000 houses on offer, was launched at the DDA headquarters, Vikas Sadan. There, queues started forming as early as 8 am, one-and-a-half hours before the scheme was launched.
The huge turnout led to some confusion initially as only one counter was open for the sale of brochures. But, towards the evening, more counters opened up.
“The brochures reached branches of banks some time after the launch,’’ the official said.
The sale of brochures will continue till October 9, with the draw of lots likely to be held towards the end of October.
Bhupender Kumar from Uttar Pradesh, who has been working as a junior engineer with the Delhi Public Works Department for the last three years, said he would shift his family to Delhi if he was allotted a flat.
Meena Devi, meanwhile, said she wanted a flat for her son.
“My son is 21 years old and is studying in college. I want to give him a home and I am going to participate in the scheme to fulfill this dream,’’ she said.
Dilip Kumar, a driver, said this was the fourth time he was trying his luck with DDA housing schemes.
“I had submitted forms during the last three schemes as well, but was not allotted a house,’’ he said.
The 2014 scheme offers flats ranging from Rs 7 lakh to Rs 1.2 crore across categories — Economically Weaker Sections, Low Income Group, Mid Income Group, High Income Group and one-room apartments.
“We have asked engineers to ensure that all flats are ready by March 2015,’’ DDA vice-chairman Balvinder Kumar said, adding that major rush was expected in the last 10 days of submission.
The scheme also includes 811 houses from the old stock. “Benefit of depreciation on construction cost has been provided at the time of computation of tentative disposal cost of these flats. One time maintenance has also not been charged in such cases,’’ he said.
For the first time, the DDA has introduced a five-year lock-in period for ownership of continued…

BCCI AGM likely to beadjournedComments
Summary
When Srinivasan was made to vacate the post in March, it was Shivlal Yadav, who was appointed interim president.
Tweet This
The Supreme Court’s decision to grant the Mudgal Committee a two-month extension to submit its report on the IPL corruption issue has left the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) in a fix. According to its annual schedule, the Indian board generally holds its Annual General Meeting (AGM) in the last week of September. But with the apex court having ensured that N Srinivasan will remain exiled from his post of BCCI president for at least two more months, the board’s calendar too is likely to be scuppered.
As per the BCCI’s constitution, it’s the president who is charged with signing all important documents, including those involving accounts and balance-sheets, before they are presented at the AGM. When Srinivasan was made to vacate the post in March, it was Shivlal Yadav, who was appointed interim president, to look after the day-to-day affairs of the board. And now all eyes are on the former India off-spinner to see how he deals with the conundrum.
“The BCCI has never had a post of ‘interim’ president in its constitution. Hence an interim president cannot sign on board accounts or documents. It was only after the Supreme Court order that Shivlal had to take up that post. Now in Srinivasan’s absence, he will have to take these calls,” a former office bearer explained.
“For the BCCI to adjourn its AGM, a special general meeting (SGM) has to be called by the working committee/president/interim president, and the resolution (at the SGM) needs to be passed by a two-third majority. Dalmiya had called an SGM when the AGM was adjourned in 2004,” senior BCCI member and Orissa Cricket Association secretary Ashirwad Behera said.
With the Supreme Court’s next hearing set for November 10, it now remains to be seen whether the board makes drastic changes to its constitution to pave the way for Srinivasan’s return at the helm.
“We all know Srinivasan wants to contest the election again. He might seek clarity from the Court on this matter in the coming days. The AGM will have to take place. Tomorrow if any association goes to court for delay in the AGM, then it will be Shivlal who will be held accountable and not Srinivasan,” another BCCI official said.
— inputs from Shamik Chakrabarty

Srini cant take charge of BCCI till cleared by probe:SCTweet This
The Supreme Court on Monday rejected the BCCI’s plea to reinstate its ousted president N Srinivasan, saying he would have to wait for a clean chit from the IPL 2013 corruption probe panel, headed by Justice Mukul Mudgal. A bench of Justices TS Thakur and FMI Kalifulla gave the Mudgal panel a two-month extension to complete its investigations and submit a final report, while also expressing its displeasure at the pace of the probe.
Fixing the matter for further hearing on November 10, the bench however gave the panel liberty to file any interim report on the alleged role of Srinivasan or any other office bearer who are under its scrutiny. This may enable the Board of Control for Cricket in India’s Annual General Meeting to take place as per schedule.
During the hearing, the bench turned down BCCI’s plea that Srinivasan should be allowed to discharge his function as the AGM is expected to take place at the end of this month and his signature is needed for clearing the annual account of the board.
“Signing a book of account is not a ground. This cannot be a ground for reinstatement,” said the bench, while also telling the Mudgal panel that the probe against him and 12 other players in the IPL betting and spot-fixing scandal cannot go on indefinitely
At the outset of proceedings, senior advocate Kapil Sibal, appearing for Srinivasan, pleaded the court to reveal whether there was anything against him in Mudgal panel’s interim report so that he could resume the charge of the BCCI president if nothing had been found against him. The bench said that no comments have been made against Srinivasan in the report but the probe was still on and hence he could not be allowed to function as for now.
It said that the committee has sought more time since it wanted to record statements of some players who are on England tour and also voice samples of some people needed to be matched.
“We saw the report. Two months time for completion of probe does not seem realistic. The way in which it is going on, it will take five years. It’s going to be a tough task for the Committee,” the bench said, asking it to expedite the probe.
Tasked to probe allegations of spot-fixing and illegal betting in the Indian Premier League, Mudgal panel had submitted its interim report in the Supreme Court on August 29. While deciding to keep N Srinivasan out of the BCCI’s affairs, the court had in May entrusted the Mudgal panel with the task of carrying out further probe into allegations against the ousted chief and 12 cricketers in the IPL betting and spot-fixing scandal.
Thirteen people had been named by the panel, headed by Justice (retd) Mudgal, in its confidential report. The SC had earlier said that it “cannot close its eyes” to the “serious allegations” against these “very important personalities in cricket.”
Also brushing aside the BCCI’s suggestion to let it have its own investigators, the court had said that continued…

I will neither resign  nor go on leave: Nawa...I will neither resign, nor go on leave: Nawaz Sharif
By PTI | 2 Sep, 2014, 01.33AM IST
0
Share More
Sharif today said he will neither resign nor go on leave, even as anti-government protesters led by Imran Khan and Tahirul Qadri continue to mount pressure on him to step down
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
ISLAMABAD: Embattled Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif today said he will neither resign nor go on leave, even as anti-government protesters led by Imran Khan and Tahirul Qadri continue to mount pressure on him to step down.
Addressing a meeting of leaders of political parties here, Nawaz said he would not allow to set a precedent under which a few people make hostage mandate of millions of people.
"We have rule of Constitution here and we will not allow any one to abrogate it," The Express Tribune quoted Nawaz as saying.
Following the meeting a joint declaration pointed out that future of Pakistan is linked with democracy and any deviation can be dangerous for federation of Pakistan.
The leaders expressed their firm resolve that they stand by the Prime Minister in the struggle to defend the democracy.
All parliamentary parties decided to become party to the petition filed in the Supreme Court for supremacy of the Parliament, Radio Pakistan reported.
The leaders strongly condemned attacks on the Parliament, Prime Minister's House and PTV.
"These attacks are attacks on democracy and state," they said.
Leader of the Opposition in the Senate declared that if someone tried to besiege the Prime Minister House then political leadership would stay with the Prime Minister in the PM House.
The meeting condemned irresponsible role played by a section of media trying to create misunderstanding between institutions.
The meeting was attended by Syed Khursheed Shah, Mahmood Khan Achakzai, Maulana Fazlur Rehman, Ijazul Haq, Babar Khan Ghauri , Dr Farooq Sattar , Aftab Ahmad Khan Sherpao, Mir Hasil Bizenjo, Haji Adeel, Haji Ghulam Ahmad Bilour, Abbas Khan Afridi and Ghazi Gulab Jamal .
Pakistan Awami Tehreek chief Tahirul Qadri and Pakistan Tehreek-i-Insaf chairman Imran Khan are agitating since August 14 against alleged rigging during the last year's general elections.
The political crisis has triggered violent clashes in Islamabad, leaving three persons dead and over 550 injured.

Castro compares NATO to Nazis  lashes out at USFidel Castro compares NATO to Nazis, lashes out at US
By AFP | 2 Sep, 2014, 01.26AM IST
0
Share More
Cuban ex-president Fidel Castro lashed out at the United States and Europe yesterday, accusing them of war-mongering and comparing the NATO military alliance's representatives to the Nazi SS
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
HAVANA: Cuban ex-president Fidel Castro lashed out at the United States and Europe yesterday, accusing them of war-mongering and comparing the NATO military alliance's representatives to the Nazi SS.
In a tortuous column published in Cuban state media, the father of the island's communist revolution also attacked US Senator John McCain over United States policy in the Middle East, calling him "Israel's most unconditional ally.
"The world has seen no respite in recent years, particularly since the European Economic Community , under the strict and unconditional leadership of the United States, decided the time had come to settle scores with what was left of two great nations (Russia and China) that... had carried out the heroic deed of putting an end to the imperialist colonial order imposed on the world by Europe and the United States," said the 88-year-old leader.
He accused the West of "cynicism" and said the trait had become "a symbol of imperialist policy."
He singled out McCain, the 2008 Republican presidential candidate, saying he had supported Israel's Mossad intelligence agency and "participated together with that service in the creation of the Islamic State, which today controls a considerable and vital portion of Iraq and reportedly one-third of Syria as well."
Turning to NATO, Castro said the alliance's representatives were reminiscent of Nazi Germany's feared SS.
"Many people are astonished when they hear the statements made by some European spokesmen for NATO when they speak with the style and face of the Nazi SS," he said.
"Adolf Hitler's greed-based empire went down in history with no more glory than the encouragement provided to NATO's aggressive and bourgeois governments, which makes them the laughing stock of Europe and the world."
Castro handed power to his younger brother Raul in 2006 amid a health crisis, and has since devoted his time to writing books and articles and receiving foreign dignitaries.

Gruden: Redd was the most well-roundedComments
Redskins running back Silas Redd, right, celebrates a preseason touchdown in Tampa as Colt McCoy comes to join in. (Toni L. Sandys/The Washington Post)
Jay Gruden and his fellow Redskins talent evaluators this weekend stacked up the bodies of work that their four roster-bubble running backs had compiled during the offseason, training camp and the preseason and came to the conclusion that Silas Redd was the most well-rounded of the bunch.
So, the team cut Evan Royster , Lache Seastrunk and Chris Thompson , and they kept Redd — the only member of the group that the team hadn’t spent a draft pick on — and used him to round out a unit that this season will feature Pro Bowl back Alfred Morris and top reserve Roy Helu Jr.
“We felt like we went with the three running backs who did the best, and we only picked three for numbers of reasons,” Gruden said on Monday, speaking on the roster cuts for the first time. “With [Thompson] being available, we want [him] to come back and try to stay healthy for some time and he could be activated sooner than later if he can prove that he can stay healthy for some time and go from there. But, we feel good about the three guys we kept, obviously Roy, Alfred and Silas had a good camp. Silas is all-around running and blocking and catching. His consistency was pretty good for a rookie.”
Redd, who went undrafted out of Southern Cal and signed with Washington as a free agent, led the team this preseason with 157 rushing yards and a touchdown on 34 carries. He also had three catches for 26 yards. He offers a blend of both power and speed, the ability to pick up tough yards up the middle, or crank out big gains on the edges. He also showed good pass-catching ability.
“I don’t care where you’re drafted,” Gruden said. “You want to play the best guy, and hats off to Silas Redd coming in as an undrafted free agent and taking advantage of his reps and winning the job right now. … There’s a lot of running backs out there on the streets right now that probably could help us that are close, so it’s up to those three guys right now that are active to maintain their level of consistency and play well. As for [Seastrunk], he had his big-play abilities and he’s a good running back. He’s a young kid with a lot of talent, obviously, but we just felt [we needed] to go in a different direction at this time.”
Redd said that he came away from the preseason unsure of his future, but that he did have confidence that “I left it all out there.”
He continued, “I don’t know what their thinking was and what the process was to cutting. I’m just happy that I’m here and happy to make the 53.”
Redd pulled up to Redskins Park on Saturday unsure of his status. But he proceeded through the front doors, and the lobby and then reached the locker room unhindered. Because other players were stopped and called into offices before being dismissed, he got the sense that perhaps he had survived cuts.
He went to Gruden’s office confirm his status, thanked the coach and then went to thank running back Randy Jordan.
Redd said Jordan issued a challenge to him, and that he plans on accepting it.
“He said, ‘Your preparation has to change. Things you were doing, you have to step it up another level. You’re a pro now.’ I accept full responsibility for that and that type of talk, that type of thing excites me. It was good advice.”
Have a Redskins question? Send an e-mail to mike.jones@washpost.com with the subject line “Mailbag question,” and it might be answered on Tuesday in  The Mailbag .
More from The Post:

Abhisheks Jaipur Pink Panthers win Kabbadi titleCelebrities with their waxworks
Tue 19 Aug, 2014 5:26 PM IST
Kareena Kapoor came face to face with her wax statue at London's Madame Tussauds during her vacation. We have some pictures of it and then some more celelbrities with their waxworks. Take a look More » Celebrities with their waxworks
Govinda ala re, ala – in real life
Tue 19 Aug, 2014 9:51 AM IST
Janmashtami is when dahi handis and four-storey structures take centrestage. We spotted Rani Mukherjee, Madhuri Dixit and others
Shilpa, Vivek celebrate Janmashtami
Mon 18 Aug, 2014 12:38 PM IST
We spotted Shilpa Shetty with her family and Vivek Oberoi with his lil son and wife celebrating Janmashtami More » Shilpa, Vivek celebrate Janmashtami
Celebrity spotting: Here's what's keeping these celebs busy
Thu 7 Aug, 2014 5:09 PM IST
Have you seen these pictures
Tue 5 Aug, 2014 10:07 PM IST
Sometimes funny, sometimes thoughtful, here is a look at some celeb pictures you should never ever miss More » Have you seen these pictures
Malaika Arora Khan: As you have never seen before
Mon 4 Aug, 2014 5:14 PM IST
She is a wife, a sister, a mother, and a friend. And she is a dancer, a reality show host and one of Bollywood most glamorous stars. Take a look at some select pictures from her Instagram feed More » Malaika Arora Khan: As you have never seen before
Aishwarya Rai: Before she became the Bachchan Bahu
Wed 30 Jul, 2014 5:59 PM IST
There is no doubt that Aishwarya Rai is one of the most beautiful women alive - we saw some of her old photos we wanted to share with you More » Aishwarya Rai: Before she became the Bachchan Bahu
Eid celebrations : SRK, Aamir, Salman
Wed 30 Jul, 2014 12:27 PM IST
SRK waved to his fans, Aamir and Salman celebrated Eid with their family. Take a look More » Eid celebrations : SRK, Aamir, Salman
Abhishek Bachchan’s Jaipur Pink Panthers win Kabbadi title
Mon 28 Jul, 2014 1:17 PM IST
Bollywood stars, sports personalities and businessmen gathered together for the match between Abhishek Bachchan's team Jaipur Pink Panthers and U Mumbai in the Pro-Kabbadi league match More » Abhishek Bachchan’s Jaipur Pink Panthers win Kabbadi title
These beautiful ladies are in vogue
Wed 23 Jul, 2014 5:24 PM IST
Take a look at the sizzling Bollywood divas on the red carpet at the Vogue Beauty Awards More » These beautiful ladies are in vogue
So, who is Bollywood’s tallest actor?
Wed 23 Jul, 2014 8:08 AM IST
A report in a leading national daily claims that the Combined Graduate Level Exam conducted by the Staff Selection Commission (SSC), Kerala, asked candidates to name Bollywood's tallest actress! Yes, it's true. Here's the question:
"Q: Who among the following actresses is the tallest in height
"A: (a) Huma Qureshi (b) Katrina Kaif (c) Deepika Padukone (d) Preity Zinta "
Look who is playing football with Abhishek Bachchan
Mon 21 Jul, 2014 11:50 AM IST
We spotted Abhishek Bachchan, Aamir Khan and his family, Hrithik Roshan, Tiger Shroff and other Bollywood stars playing football for charity More » Look who is playing football with Abhishek Bachchan
The superhot daughters of Bollywood personalities
Thu 17 Jul, 2014 12:18 PM IST
Acting is in their genes. Be it Kareena, Alia or Sonakshi. Take a look at some famous daughters who have acting in their blood. More » The superhot daughters of Bollywood personalities
Today on Yahoo

Investment for the futureInvestment for the future
Mallya wilful defaulter tag shadows MCF open offerMallya wilful defaulter tag shadows MCF open offer
Curbs on gold narrow CADCurbs on gold narrow CAD
RBI gives lenders 30 days on loan disbursal timelinesRBI gives lenders 30 days on loan disbursal timelines
Diesel all set to lose subsidyDiesel all set to lose subsidy
Maruti  Honda  Nissan  Hyundai pick up despite slack auto salesMaruti  Honda  Nissan  Hyundai pick up despite slack auto sales
RBI: Banks must set loan timelineRBI: Banks must set loan timeline
Indian markets  earnings may double in 4 yearsIndian markets  earnings may double in 4 years
Buy mcnally bharat engg @ 110/- targets 112.50/- & 115/- stop loss...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Buy datamatics @ 58.90/- targets 60.60/- & 63.20/- stop loss 58.10...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Madhucon projects has debt of 8000cr icra rating is d (junk status) ra...Gold Member
13 Followers
Madhucon projects has debt of 8000cr,ICRA rating is D (junk status) rating . Investors should avoid companies like Madhucon Projects that take on increasing level of leverage, as indicated by the debt-equity ratio. Pankaj Murarka, head, equities, Axis Mutual Fund.
about 1 hr 29 min 32 sec ago  | Track

Q1 current account deficit dips to 1.7% of GDPBS Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 02, 2014
Last Updated at 12:33 AM IST
Q1 current account deficit dips to 1.7% of GDP
The fall was aided by contraction in the trade deficit, on a rise in export and dip in import
Image by Shutterstock
In line with estimates, India’s current account deficit (CAD) for this financial year’s first quarter, April to June,  narrowed sharply to 1.7 per cent of gross domestic product ($7.8 billion) from 4.8 per cent of GDP ($21.8 bn) in the corresponding period of 2013-14.
The fall was aided by contraction in the trade deficit, on a rise in export and dip in import. The CAD for the fourth quarter (January-March) of 2013-14 was $1.2 bn (0.2 per cent of GDP), it was also announced.
The balance of payments (BoP) situation for Q1 was also on a healthy wicket.  There was accretion of $11.2 bn to foreign exchange (forex) reserves, as against a drawdown of $300 million in the corresponding quarter of 2013-14, the Reserve Bank (RBI) said on Monday.
Aditi Nayar, senior economist with rating agency ICRA, said the CAD was in line with their forecast of $6-8 bn. It was, she said, more than adequately financed by the robust foreign institutional investor and foreign direct investment inflow during the quarter, resulting in an augmentation of forex reserves.
RBI released the CAD and BOP data ahead of the usual dates. Under the normal schedule, it issues information for the first quarter at the end of September.
It said the lower CAD in the January-March quarter was primarily on account of a contraction in the trade deficit, contributed by both a rise in export and a decline in import. The merchandise trade deficit was down by 31 per cent, from $50.5 bn to $34.6 bn.
In the June quarter, exports rose 10.6 per cent to $81.7 bn. Those in Q1 of 2013-14 had contracted by 1.5 per cent. Imports moderated by 6.5 per cent in this quarter, to $116 bn, compared to a rise of 4.7 per cent in Q1 of FY14. The decline in import was primarily led by a steep fall in gold imports (57.2 per cent drop) of $7 bn, significantly lower than the $16.5 bn a year before, RBI said.
Net services trade improved marginally (1.2 per cent) in the quarter to $17.1 bn, due to higher export. Net outflow due to primary income (profit, dividend and interest) was higher at $6.7 bn as against $4.8 bn in Q1 of FY14. Gross private transfer receipts declined to $17.5 bn in April-June from $17.9 bn in the same period a year before.
 Advertisements

HC orders survey of facilities for differently abledchildrenTweet This
The Directorate of Education (DoE) will soon carry out physical inspections of all private schools in the city to determine whether any facilities for differently abled children are available in the capital’s schools.
The survey was ordered by the Delhi High Court on Monday as a measure to ensure that the provisions of the Persons with Disabilities Act and the Right to Education Act were being implemented. The court of Justice S Ravindra Bhat and Justice Vipin Sanghi had earlier asked the DoE to give a detailed report on the number of differently abled children being accommodated in city schools, and the facilities available to educate children with special needs.
On Monday, after Delhi government counsel Zubeda Begum informed the court that most city schools had failed to respond to the circulars seeking the required information, the court directed the DoE to conduct a zone-wise physical survey of all schools in the capital.
“What is your inspection regime? Take serious action if the schools don’t submit information,” the court said, dismissing DoE’s argument that several circulars had been sent out to the schools, asking for the relevant information.
There are over 1,300 private unaided schools in the city, most of which, DoE officials say, do not have any facilities to cater to CWSNs.
“According to available data, there are only 225 special educators in Delhi government schools and 144 special educators in private schools in the city,” Begum said.
Pulling up private schools, the court warned of “serious action” if the details were not submitted.
Taking note of the affidavit submitted by the DoE, the court said sufficient details were not available about the facilities available in the schools. “Only a few private unaided schools furnished the information sought with respect to admission of CWSN and facilities there for them,” the court said.
The government has now been directed to “ensure that all information is made available in a time-bound manner and issue directions for the same”.
“It is to be supplemented by zone-wise inspection in uniform manner to collect information on the facilities available in the schools,” the court said.
The nodal officer for inclusive education has also been directed to file an affidavit within three weeks on the steps taken so far to implement the 3 per cent reservation for CWSNs in Delhi schools.
The directions were issued while the court was hearing a contempt plea filed by the parent of a differently abled child, who had earlier filed a PIL for implementation of 3 per cent reservation for children with disabilities in nursery admissions.
The court had in April this year issued several directions to give admission to CWSNs in this year’s nursery admissions. The contempt plea was filed by petitioner Pramod Arora, alleging that the court’s directions were not being followed.
Tags:

No VIP quotas: Health Minister calls for transparency in organdonationHarsh Vardhan at the organ donation unit in Safdarjung Hospital on Monday. (Source: Express photo by Tashi Tobgyal)
Summary
There would be facilities for preserving skin, cornea, bones and heart valves at the National Bio Material Centre in NOTTO.
Tweet This
Union Health Minister Harsh Vardhan has called for total transparency in organ donation after the National Organ & Tissue Transplantation Organisation (NOTTO) becomes operational.
After a visit to Safdarjung Hospital on Monday, where NOTTO is housed on two floors of the pathology building, the minister said, “There will be no VIP quotas and no recommendations from officers… Every life is worth protecting and the spirit of the movement is not to be mocked.”
He said a general waiting list will be maintained and once a brain-stem dead patient’s family has consented to organ donation, a state-of-the-art retrieval, matching and transplantation operation will swing into action.
According to officials, a patient who registers his name for the waiting list will be given a number, which will not change even if he admits himself to another hospital later.
“A call centre is being set up to establish contact between donors and people on the waiting list in real time,” Harsh Vardhan said.
NOTTO’s web portal will be fully operational in the first phase to cover kidney donations in the next 10 days. Other organ donations will be facilitated over the next six months. The Rs 149-crore National Organ and Tissue Transplantation Programme will have NOTTO at its apex.
There would also be Regional Organ and Tissue Transplantation Organisations in Kolkata, Chennai, Mumbai, Chandigarh and Guwahati. Six state-level organisations are being planned at the new All India Institutes of Medical Sciences at Patna, Jodhpur, Rishikesh, Raipur, Bhubaneswar and Bhopal.
There would be facilities for preserving skin, cornea, bones and heart valves at the National Bio Material Centre in NOTTO.
After a 2011 amendment to the Transplantation of Human Organs Act 1994, it became mandatory to establish national registries for organ transplant to coordinate organ donation and transplantation efforts.
Tags:

Assets case: Retd Brigadier gets 2 yrsjailA Delhi court has sentenced retired Brigadier Samir Baron Ray to two years’ rigorous imprisonment in a disproportionate assets case.
The Brigadier was convicted for possessing disproportionate assets to the tune of Rs 68 lakh.
The court convicted Ray under Section 13(1)(e) of the Prevention of Corruption Act read with Section 13(2) of the PCA. The officer was Deputy Director-General, Ordinance Services, at the Integrated Headquarters of the Ministry of Defence when the case was registered in 2008.
The prosecution alleged Ray had amassed huge assets in his name as well as in the names of members of his family during the period 1.4.2000 to 31.8.2008 to the tune of Rs 28,95,827. His wife was also tried for the offence of abetment and aiding Ray in acquisition of disproportionate assets. However, the court acquitted her of the charges.
Ray argued before the court that the CBI had not shown his income correctly. In respect of this, he had relied upon the Income-Tax Returns (ITRs) filed by him – but after the registration of the case. But the court said Ray could not establish the capital gains in the ITRs filed by him.
The court also observed that the ITRs were filed to show inflated income.
Ray joined the Indian Military Academy, Dehradun, in 1973. After completion of training, he was allotted Ordinance Corps. In October 2005, Ray was promoted to the rank of Brigadier and was posted in DDOS, 15 Corps, Srinagar. He was subsequently transferred as DDG (Technical Functioning & Budgetary Control) New Delhi, from where he superannuated on 31.8.2008.
The defence counsel argued before the court for leniency on the ground that the officer for 33 years had an “unblemished” record and that he was judged “outstanding” in most of his annual confidential reports.
However, the prosecutor argued that a “message” should go to society and that a senior officer in the army should be a role model to society.
Tags:

Five Noida accidents claim eight lives in adayA truck turned over and hit a bus in Noida Sector-71 on Monday. (Source: Express photo by Gajendra Yadav)
Summary
Two children drowned while bathing in a pond near Sector-94, police said. No FIR has been registered in the case yet.
Tweet This
Eight persons, five of them women and three men, died in five unrelated accidents in Noida on Monday, police said. Though FIRs have been registered in all the cases, no arrests have been made so far.
In addition, two children drowned while bathing in a pond near Sector-94, police said. No FIR has been registered in the case yet.
“At 6 am, a bus carrying employees of a private firm to their office in Noida Phase-II was rammed by a speeding truck at Sector-71 crossing. The passengers were rushed to hospitals, where four women were declared dead on arrival. They are Ranjita Khoda (27), Monika Tyagi (35), Prema Rani (33) and K M Madhuri (22). Two persons sustained serious injuries, while a dozen more escaped with minor injuries,” a police officer said.
Police said an FIR has been lodged against the truck driver, who fled the spot, under Sections 279, 304A, 338 and 427 of the IPC. “The truck was loaded with cement bags, which spilled on the road as the truck listed and came to rest on its side following the accident, holding up traffic,” the officer said.
Separately, a woman was crushed by a speeding bus at Sector-12 crossing, police said. The woman, Hema Bohra (33), was on her way to work when the accident took place. The driver fled the spot, police said.
In the third accident at Sector 25-31 crossing, Lal Singh (55), a security guard, died after a speeding canter hit a bus, lost balance and crushed him. Another security guard, Vijay Kishor (41), was run over in Sector-34 as he was cycling to his place of duty.
In another accident, an unidentified man was run over by a speeding state-run bus on Mahamaya flyover, police said.
“While the bus has been seized, the driver is on the run, but an FIR has been registered under the appropriate sections,” the officer said.
Tags:

Love jihad: Uma calls fordiscussionComments
Summary
Uma Bharti said religious leaders from both communities should sit together and examine whether alleged ‘love jihad’ had any basis.
Tweet This
Union Minister Uma Bharti said religious leaders from both communities should sit together and examine whether the alleged ‘love jihad’ had any basis.
Insisting that she wouldn’t make any ‘official comment’ about the controversial issue, the senior BJP leader told reporters in Bhopal on Monday that the alleged phenomenon should be subjected to a detailed review, and steps should be taken to ensure that social harmony is not disturbed.
Meanwhile, the former Madhya Pradesh chief minister dismissed reports that she faced murder charges, as reported by a couple of leading newspapers. She said that all the legal cases against her were political in nature and resulted from her participation in the Ayodhya and Ram Setu movements.
“After L K Advani, I was the only leader to lead many of these movements because of my association with the BJP Yuva Morcha,’’ she said, adding that she would continue to take part in such agitations in future.
Latest News From nation

We want Muzaffarnagar in NCR: ModiministerTweet This
The Narendra Modi-led government at the Centre wants to include Muzaffarnagar district of Uttar Pradesh in the National Capital Region (NCR) “to facilitate infrastructure development in the area”.
The district has been in news since communal riots broke out there last year in which 63 people were killed and over 50,000 displaced.
Muzaffarnagar will get additional funds from the Centre for development as a metropolitan area around Delhi after being brought under the NCR.
The Centre has tasked Muzaffarnagar MP and MoS for Agriculture Sanjeev Balyan, with the responsibility to interact with the state government and pursue the matter.
Balyan, a BJP leader, is a named accused in the riots case and was lodged in jail for nearly 15 days.
Balyan, who was in Lucknow on Monday to support the party’s sit-in against law & order situation in UP, told The Indian Express that he has sent a letter to state Chief Secretary Alok Ranjan asking him to send a proposal for including Muzaffarnagar district in the NCR.
He also said that state government has called a meeting in this regard on September 10.
NCR includes districts from Haryana, Delhi, UP and Rajasthan. Meerut, Ghaziabad, Gautam Budh Nagar, Bulandshahr, Hapur and Baghpat are the UP districts that fall under the NCR and the development plans there are approved by the NCR Planning Board, a body functioning under the Government of India.
Asked why only Muzaffarnagar, Balyan said, “Because I am the MP from the place and it is my duty to make efforts for its development. Muzaffarnagar is only around 100 km away from Delhi and it should be included in the NCR for an integrated development.”
Once a district is included in the NCR, it get funds for development of services like sewerage system, water supply, advanced transport system and other infrastructure directly from the Centre. Industrial growth is also promoted in the NCR region.
Balyan also said that the Ministry of Agriculture has demanded 50-hectare in Muzaffarnagar from the Akhilesh Yadav government to develop a sugarcane research institute there.
“But no response has come yet,” he added.
Tags:

Court acquits man  blames shoddyprobeTweet This
A Delhi court, while acquitting a man of murder, has pulled up the Delhi Police over shoddy probe and observed that such investigations have led to killers going “unpunished”.
“It is unfortunate that senseless killing of a human being is going unpunished. But on the basis of such a shoddy investigation and unreliable testimony of the alleged eyewitnesses, conviction cannot be brought on the accused,” Additional Sessions Judge Girish Kathpalia said.
The court’s observation came while acquitting Jangpura resident Krishan of the charge of murder and under provisions of the Arms Act on the ground that ocular evidence cannot be used to convict a person for such serious offences.
“The investigation in this case has not been from crime to criminal but from criminal to crime, in the sense that first the alleged criminals were apprehended and then the entire investigation exercise was carried out in order to somehow connect them with the crime,” the court said.
Finding several discrepancies in the investigation, the court also questioned the unexplained delay of over five hours in registration of the complaint. The court has observed that forensic reports and the weapon recovered could not be connect Krishan to the case.
According to police, an FIR was lodged on March 11, 2009 on Bulandshahar resident Siraj Ahmad’s complaint alleging that four persons, who were playing Holi near a hospital in South Delhi’s Khizrabad area, had an altercation over putting colour on him and his wife during which one of them stabbed his associate Raisuddin leading to his death.
Police, on a tip-off, arrested Krishna and three juveniles. Krishan was charged for the offence of murder with common intention under Section 302/34 of IPC and the Arms Act.
Krishna pleaded not guilty and claimed that he was falsely implicated.
Tags:

Apples mobile wallet foray to shake up sec...Apple’s entry into mobile wallet space to shake up industry in India: Experts
By Varun Aggarwal , ET Bureau | 2 Sep, 2014, 02.40AM IST
0
Share More
Apple is partnering with American Express, Visa and Mastercard to launch a mobile wallet service, which could be announced during the new iPhone launch. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BANGALORE: Apple's entry into the mobile wallet space could change the fortune of the mobile wallet and mobile payments industry in India, experts believe. According to media reports, Apple is partnering with American Express, Visa and Mastercard to launch a mobile wallet service, which could be announced during the new iPhone launch on the 9th of September.
"Apple could inspire the big challenges that we all need in the payments industry," said Satyen V Kothari , managing director of digital payments company Citrus Payment Solutions. "My hope will be if Apple is able to crack this and proves that mobile payments can take off, it could set the trend for wider acceptance of this form of payments in India."
Immediate Payment Service (IMPS), a mobile payment service launched by the National Payments Corporation of India (NCPI), has seen a growth of over 400% in last one year to touch about 45 lakh transactions a month in July.
"We are doing Rs 450 crore of money transfer every month and expect to complete more than Rs 5,000 crore of transactions this year," said Pramod Saxena, Founder of another payment solutions company Oxigen Services.
Globally, money transfer, utility payments and mobile recharges are the main use cases for mobile money or mobile payments. While Apple's entry into the space could be a positive move for the industry, local players believe that it'll take at least five years for mobile wallets to be accepted for purchases at retail stores for things such as coffee, sugar or clothes.
Moreover, a device-specific mobile wallet might meet the fate of Nokia, which burnt its hands at Nokia Money a few years back. But Apple has a better chance of succeeding in US and North America , where it still commands a large marketshare.
The company is estimated to have close to one billion credit cards details stored in its database, which would make it easier for it to launch a wallet service.
"When you have such a large marketshare you can push retailers to install devices such as iBeacon to detect an NFC device and make a payments through that," Kothari said. The hardware cost to purchase an iBeacon would have to be borne by the retailer, which doesn't make economic sense in a place like India where Apple has a miniscule market.
"There is a small fraction of people who pay using credit or debit cards. Of this, there is a small fraction who are willing to pay using mobile," Kothari said.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow ET Tech on Twitter Follow

Tech Language: Python is still greek to Indi...Programming language Python yet to find place in teaching curriculum in India despite its popularity
By Neha Alawadhi, ET Bureau | 2 Sep, 2014, 03.22AM IST
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Recently, one of India's top software companies was faced with quandary. It had won a $200 million (Rs 1,200 crore) contract to develop an app store for a large US bank , but did not have adequate numbers of programmers who could write code in Python, the language most suited for the job.
Eventually, it paid thrice the billing rate to a group of freelance Python programmers in the US. And learned a valuable lesson about the importance of a language named after the British television comedy series Monty Python .
For a nation regarded as a software programming powerhouse, the episode has salutary lessons. While skills in traditional computer languages meant for stitching software applications and maintaining large mainframe computers are a strength, ignoring Python could prove to be a costly mistake.
"Because companies like Infosys and TCS prefer proprietary languages like Java or dot NET most students think of these as an option in college. That is the reason you don't get good quality talent in the industry to work with us in Python," said Jofin Joseph , cofounder and chief operating officer of Profoundis , a Kochi-based technology startup which has been struggling for about a year to hire young Python programmers.
Python is by no means a new language it was developed in the late 1980s by a Dutchman Guido van Rossum. It is open source, easy to write and can be used for a variety of applications such as development, testing and scripting. Because of its simplicity and elegance, Python has been embraced by top technology companies such as Google, Dropbox, Mozilla, Quora, Intel, Cisco, Hewlett-Packard, Seagate, Qualcomm and IBM.
In spite of its popularity among developers, Python is yet to find a place in the teaching curriculum of schools or universities, most of which continue to teach the conventional languages such as C, C++ and Java, unlike countries like the United States and United Kingdom where universities and schools now impart Python training.
According to the Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers, which tracks programming languages by popularity, Python is the second most popular programming language this year for development on the Web after Java. According to HackerRank , which provides a competitive platform for coders, out of a total of 38 programming languages worldwide, 13.95% of all code submitted was in Python, while 19.92% submissions were in Java, and 15.72% in C.
The maximum number of solutions were submitted in C++ with 37.7%. For Python to have such a large share in the submissions compared to legacy languages suggests that coders have started adopting it in a big way, said Anirvan Mandal , product developer at HackerRank.
Indian IT outsourcers like Infosys, TCS, Wipro began by building software when Python was not as popular, and most code was built in languages such as C, C++, Java or.NET. "To rewrite something from C to Python would take a long time, so these companies find it easier to maintain existing code in those languages," said Mandal. On the other hand, Ajit Kumar, a president at HCL Technologies, said that for IT outsourcing companies, proficiency in Python is now considered as an additional skill for developers.
In May, Google India announced the second edition of its "Code to Learn" contest, where students from classes 7 to 10 have the option to code in Python. "Our intention of including Python in the Code to Learn contest was to introduce a new language to interested students.
A lot of professional software developers use Python these days and a number of universities are teaching it as the first programming language but it has less adoption in academia in India," said Ashwani Sharma, India head for university relations at Google.
However, hiring agencies said that Python is a hot skill that is commanding a premium over traditional languages. For Python programmers with about six years' experience, the salary could be up to 30% higher than for those with skills in traditional languages.
"Of the most commonly required programming languages, Python was the only one to see a year-over-year increase," said Alka Dhingra of recruiting firm TeamLease.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow ET Tech on Twitter Follow

Telecom operators bet big on cloud play: IBMIBM is currently working with all telcos operating in India in the cloud space. On the solutions side, IBM is providing its Smart Cloud Orchestrator. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Indian telecom operators are now aggressively investing in cloud strategy to bring innovative services and products to the market while looking to implement data analytics to get more revenue from subscribers, technology major IBM has said.
"They (mobile phone operators) have realised that their investment in cloud strategy will be very useful for their overall service portfolio," Suhas Bhide , executive, Global Delivery , India, at IBM, told ET. "We have telecom clients who are innovating in one space and disrupting in another space, leveraging the cloud technology."
For instance, European telcos have started innovative services line 'Gaming on Demand', wherein the gaming structure is on a cloud and a user can play it through a remote control by paying a subscription. Bhide said such innovative offerings open up a new revenue model. "There are a few telcos in Europe who have done this, and we are expecting the trend to come to India soon," he said.
IBM is currently working with all telcos operating in India in the cloud space. On the solutions side, IBM is providing its Smart Cloud Orchestrator, which is the cloud aggregation solution, to some of the leading telcos in the country, Bhide said without naming the telcos.
He said one of the telcos was looking to use Smart Cloud Orchestrator along with Smart Cloud Infrastructure, which is offered to small and mid-sized businesses. "This will enhance the back office, improve collaboration and productivity," he said. The company recently launched BlueMix in India, a free platform that it is offering to start-ups to develop and host mobile applications within minutes.
Bhide said telcos can also leverage this platform to bring out innovative application and services, as it offers greater speed and responsiveness. BlueMix is an open-standard, cloud-based platform for building, managing and running apps of all types, be it web, mobile, big data or new smart devices.
Besides the cloud, IBM is in active talks with India's telecom operators for implementing data analytics tools to help service providers get more revenue out of existing customers. Bhide, however, did not share details of the same.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Using digital handwriting to secure mobile b...More Slideshows »
BREAKING NEWS
Behaviosec uses 'behavioural biometrics' to find if the person using a mobile device is really who they claim to be
By The Independent | 2 Sep, 2014, 02.14AM IST
One Swedish security startup thinks it has the solution to smartphone security: by studying our 'handwriting' when we use our phones.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
By James Vincent
The rise of mobile banking has made all of us more accustomed to sending money and making purchase on the move - but when our phones are only secured with four-digit PIN codes, how safe is our money?
One Swedish security startup thinks it has the solution to smartphone security: by studying our 'handwriting' when we use our phones, they can tell if we're really who we say we are.
"The rhythm of how you type, how hard you hit the keys, how fast you move from one key to the next, that's what we look at," says Dr Neil Costigan, a cryptographer, serial entrepreneur and CEO of Behaviosec , who have developed the technology and is currently rolling it out across banks in Scandinavia.
"There's consistency and pattern there that can tell us that you're you." Behaviosec's algorithms are the digital equivalent of something like gait analysis.
Our handwriting (which can even include how we hold the phone; tilt and orientation measured by onboard accelerometers) is complex, nuanced and instinctive. We don't really think about how fast we're typing or where we hit the keys but a whole range of factors (everything from our confidence with technology to the length of our fingers) influences this, adding an layer of identification that can't be stolen or forgotten.
Dr Costigan explains that technology has been shown to be more than 99.7% accurate in trials with Danish financer Danske Bank and that the technology has been so well received in Scandinavia that by the end of this year every mobile banking user in Denmark, Norway and Sweden will be signed up - and western companies are getting interested too.
The technology has already received substantial funding from US military agency DARPA (otherwise known as the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency) which has been responsible for funding everything from self-driving cars to the internet itself.
Silicon Valley companies are also interested - although Dr Costigan says that he can't disclose the names of any potential investors, beyond the fact that they're "big guys" in the industry.
For these companies, the technology's potential goes way beyond just PIN codes. The military, for example, might want to know if someone's tablet or smartphone has been picked up by the wrong guy and Behaviosec's algorithms can tell them that, figuring out from someone taps and browse material if they're recognised user in 20 to 60 seconds.
The same methodology could be used to secure devices around the home - if a child picks up a tablet, the system could spot this and lock down, say, web access, or emails.
The technology certainly has some limitations but Dr Costigan says that is main benefit is convenience. It takes away the burden of security from the user, running in the background to earn their behaviour, updating this data to make sure that even if someone's typing speed changes, they don't get locked out.
"To be honest, I think there's a little bit too much said about how broken passwords are," says Dr Costigan. "I just think that at the moment the alternatives are just too inconvenient for the consumer. What we're doing is making the password stronger by looking at you."

Varanasi turns into a real estate hotspot ov...PM Narendra Modi's promise to develop Varanasi into smart city turns it into realty hotspot overnight
By Ravi Teja Sharma , ET Bureau | 2 Sep, 2014, 02.18AM IST
0
Share More
A top executive of an international realty consultant says he has been receiving frantic calls from his hotel clients in the past few days. 
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: For many, Varanasi is about salvation — its ghats, temples and narrow, dingy bylanes give the spiritually oriented a mystical high. These days, however, India's oldest town is on a high itself as it turns into a real estate hotspot, buoyed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi's promise of making it a 'smart city'.
A top executive of an international realty consultant says he has been receiving frantic calls from his hotel clients in the past few days, enquiring about land prices and possible deals in the city.
Builders creating land banks in city
Among them is EIH Ltd , owner of the Oberoi hotels, which plans to build a luxury property there. PRS Oberoi, the 80-year-old chairman of the group that boasts of properties such as Udaivilas in Udaipur and Vanyavilas in Ranthambore, says: "Varanasi doesn't have enough good hotels. It makes a lot of sense to go there... There is more and more interest in the city now because of the recent announcements," he says.
Oberoi isn't the only one eyeing business in the city. American hotel chain Starwood's India head Dilip Puri says he has asked his development team to visit the city and scout for opportunities. "We are looking for partners... There is potential for both, domestic and international business," adds Lokesh Sabharwal, vice-president for the Indian sub-continent for French hotel chain Accor.
Property brokers say prices of land in and around the city have already started to rise with builders and investors beginning to create land banks. One biswa (1,360 sq ft) of land in areas such as Mohan Sarai on the outskirts, which was priced at Rs 12 lakh three months ago is now going for Rs 15 lakh, a rise of 25%. A broker says a bungalow he sold for Rs 2.5 crore in Ravindrapuri, the neighbourhood where the PM has set up his local office, is getting quoted forRs 3.25 crore since a month it was sold.
Investors and moneyed people from Bihar, UP and Haryana are on the lookout for land on the city's outskirts hoping they will sell them for a profit to builders as well as hoteliers as development rolls in. Delhi-based builder Amrapali says it has hastened plans to construct a township on the outskirts of the city after Varanasi was declared one of 100 smart cities the Modi government proposed to build. Last week, Modi signed an agreement with Shinzo Abe to have Kyoto as a partner in the development of Varanasi, which is represented in the Parliament by the PM.
The Japanese town, which is also known as the 'city of ten thousand shrines', has been redeveloped into a modern city while keeping its temples intact. Modi wants Varanasi to learn from that experience. Local property brokers say announcements such as these have raised the curiosity of people and there has been a spurt in interest from investors in Uttar Pradesh and from neighbourings states of Bihar and Haryana, and even from distant Hyderabad and Mumbai. "I've shown land to several small investors from Haryana and UP in the last two months.
They want to buy land and sell them later as plots. They know land is still cheap on the outskirts," says property broker Harish Jaiswal , who runs Satyam Property Dealers in the city. Another broker VK Singh , who operates from the Nadesar area of Varanasi says people from Hyderabad and Mumbai have been visiting to look at opportunities to set up commercial and industrial projects around the city, closer to the airport.
Right after the elections, Singh got enquiries from people looking to build hotels and colleges around Varanasi. A CEO of a real estate firm in Gurgaon, who did not wish to be named, says Varanasi is the talk of the town today especially in the real estate circles. "People have confidence in what the Japanese can do. They are hopeful of a transformation."
While the city itself might be congested, brokers say it has ample opportunity to expand on two sides— on the 22-kilometre road between the city and the airport and on the highway to Allahabad . Jaiswal says even locals are stirring up the action. Last month, he sold a bungalow built on 3,200 sq ft of land (or around 355 sq yards) for Rs 2.5 crore to a local businessman. Now the new owner is getting offers the buy the house at a much steeper prices—Rs 3.25 crore.
That's a neat 30% jump in one month riding on the back of all the euphoria. The potential is huge. "Varanasi can be a big centre for silk trading. If just one or two infrastructure and other cleaning activities start, the city will be on fire," says Ajay Mangal , director and chief executive officer of Delhi real estate firm MG Housing, which is in the process of buying 500 acres around Varanasi towards the airport for a future mixed-use development.
Noida-based builder Amrapali, which already has several projects in adjoining Bihar, is close to finalising a deal for buying a large chunk of land to build a township in Varanasi, says Shiv Priya, executive director of the company. For hotels, the lure is manifold. While there is hope that business travel will rise, untapped potential of the Buddhist circuit, of which it is the Centre and the city's ghats and temples is a big draw.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow ET Real Estate on Twitter Follow

Serena Williams rolls to U.S. Open quartersNEW YORK, September 2, 2014
Updated: September 2, 2014 02:24 IST
Serena Williams rolls to U.S. Open quarters
AP
AP Serena Williams, of the United States, returns a shot against Kaia Kanepi, of Estonia, during the fourth round of the 2014 U.S. Open tennis tournament, Monday, in New York on Monday.
TOPICS
US Open
Serena Williams reached her first Grand Slam quarterfinal of the year with a 6-3, 6-3 victory over Kaia Kenepi at the U.S. Open on Monday, keeping her hopes alive for a third straight Flushing Meadows crown.
Williams, who lost in the fourth round of the Australian Open, the second round of the French Open and third round of Wimbledon, said she felt the pressure of getting to the quarters in New York.
“I finally made a quarterfinal this year!” Williams said in her on-court interview, raising her hands to the cheers of the crowd in Arthur Ashe Stadium. “I think I felt it in my service game. I’m like, ‘Can I please make it to a Grand Slam quarters this year?’”
The top-seeded man, Novak Djokovic also rolled into the quarters on another hot, muggy day at Flushing Meadows, playing mostly mistake-free tennis in a 6-1, 7-5, 6-4 dismantling of 22-seeded Philipp Kohlschreiber of Germany.
For Djokovic, the 2011 U.S. Open champion, it marked his eighth straight quarterfinals at the tournament 22nd consecutive Grand Slam tournament overall. The last time Djokovic was eliminated before the quarterfinals at a major was a third-round loss to Kohlschreiber at the 2009 French Open.
Asked to explain that consistency, Djokovic said, “I love the sport and I play it with a lot of passion.” He then did a dance for the crowd at Louis Armstrong Stadium.
Next up for the Serb, who reached the U.S. Open final each of the past four years, will be a match against 2012 U.S. Open champion Andy Murray or ninth-seeded Jo-Wilfried Tsonga.
Williams next plays 11th-seeded Flavia Pennetta, a 7-5, 6-2 winner over 29th-seeded Casey Dellacqua.
Pennetta, who reached the semifinals of the U.S. Open last year, said she needed to do her best with the tools she has to have a chance against the No. 1-ranked Williams, who already holds 17 Grand Slam titles.
“You cannot invent something. I mean, you just have to play your tennis,” Pennetta said. “Of course, she’s better than me, but if I still believe I can beat her, maybe if she doesn’t have a good day, I can do that.”
Unlike the men’s side, which entered Monday with only one major upset, No. 4 David Ferrer, the women’s draw has been decimated. Only Williams, No. 7 Eugenie Bouchard and No. 10 Caroline Wozniacki have survived among the top 10 seeds going into the tournament’s second week.
Victoria Azarenka, the No. 16 seed and U.S. Open finalist loser to Williams the last two years, sought a place in the quarterfinals with a night match against 145th-ranked qualifier Aleksandra Krunic. Bouchard was seeking her spot with a matchup against No. 17-seeded Ekatarina Makarova.
In other early action on Monday, the No. 1 doubles team of Bob and Mike Bryan rolled on in their quest for a 100th career title with a 6-3, 7-6 (5) victory over U.S. countrymen Bradley Klahn and Tim Smyzek. The Bryans, who hold a record 15 Grand Slam tournament titles, have yet to drop a set on their road to the quarterfinals.
And the darling of the U.S. Open, 15-year-old CiCi Bellis, opened her pursuit of the junior girls’ crown with a 6-1, 6-3 victory over Mexico’s Renata Zarazua.
Bellis, the top-seeded junior, played in the grandstand, the third-largest venue, to accommodate fans eager to watch the 15-year-old prodigy. Bellis upset of 12th-seeded Dominika Cibulkova, the Australian Open runner-up, in the first round of the main draw.

FBI Says It s Addressing Nude Celebrity Photosfbi says it s addressing nude celebrity photos
How this man lost almost 70-kgsHow Did This Man Lose 150 Pounds?
9 months ago, Tribune
After seeing a photo of himself on vacation, Pete Pallas decided it was time for a change. Now he has been named one of Weight Watchers 50 Years Of Success contest winner for his weight loss story.
TRAILER JUNCTION

Post bank s action  Mallya could lose key assetsPost bank s action  Mallya could lose key assets
MFIs  gross loan portfolios rise 44% to R26 000 cr in Q1MFIs  gross loan portfolios rise 44% to R26 000 cr in Q1
Q1 GDP data pushes Nifty above 8 000Q1 GDP data pushes Nifty above 8 000
Japan becomes India s strategic partnerJapan becomes India s strategic partner
Sureshot 50 all buyyCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

@sonika  this is ubh. evenif it goes 25 dont worry. thats y i gave sl ...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Next trgt 50 all buyyCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Mamata opens gates for French hotelgroupMamata Banerjee during the inauguration of Novotel Hotel and Residences, at Rajarhat, Monday. (Source: Express photo by Partha Paul)
Summary
Tweet This
A month after industrialist Ratan Tata commented that Rajarhat looked like a countryside and there was hardly any sign of industrial development, Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee inaugurated the first Novotel brand hotel on Monday at Rajarhat here.
Mamata thanked senior executives of Salarpuria Sattva Group, the developers of the hotel for their ‘gift’. “Thank you for the beautiful gift. It is a beautiful relationship to be maintained from the beginning. Let us hope for a better future and thank you for giving us this opportunity,” she said while inaugurating the Novotel Kolkata Hotel and Residences.
Highlighting the prospects of the area, Mamata talked about the eco tourism park, convention centre, trade centre and financial hub that could make this area an international destination.
Developed by the Salarpuria Group, the Novotel brand is owned by France-based Accor Group which would manage and run the hotel. Welcoming the group, Mamata said the hotel industry was one of the most important sectors globally. “I welcome you in Kolkata. I have heard that the safety and security of boarders have been a top priority here which is very good,” she said.
With 347 guest rooms and 48 serviced apartments, this would be the first-of-its-kind five-star facility in the city, Jean-Michael Casse, senior VP (India operations) of Accor Group, said. (With PTI inputs)
Tags:

Pilot project successful  MMRDA to continue process of cleaning MithiriverThe 18-km-long Mithi is the suburbs’ main natural water drain and accommodates untreated waste from 43 side drains.
Summary
MMRDA is looking for a three-year contract for cleaning and odour control of the Mithi river, running along the plush BKC complex.
Tweet This
With the pilot effort at cleansing the Mithi River using a microbial technology having purified a  considerable amount of  water and drastically reduced its odour, the city’s development authority has decided to continue the process and is scouting for newer technologies that may have come up in the market.
In 2011, the MMRDA had decided to try the use of a process known as bioremediation on a third of the river that falls under its jurisdiction. The rest is under the BMC’s care.
“We had a pilot contract with a company to implement this technology on the 6-km stretch of the Mithi that falls under the MMRDA’s jurisdiction. The contract is scheduled to end this year. The experiment was very successful and we have decided to continue using it.
We will see if there are more such technologies in the market at competitive rates. If not, then we will consider continuing with the same product,” said an MMRDA official who did not want to be named.
The development authority is now looking for a three-year contract for cleaning and odour control of the Mithi River, running along the plush Bandra Kurla Complex business district.
“We had been in touch with the BMC about the technology too, but there has been no progress,” the official said.
The 18-km-long Mithi is the suburbs’ main natural water drain and accommodates untreated waste from 43 side drains. With the levels of Chemical Oxygen Demand (COD) and Biochemical Oxygen Demand (BOD) being too high, the river water had become akin
to sewage.
Through bioremediation, a US-based technology, the MMRDA had engaged a private company to use a biochemical, Persnickety 713, in the water to convert the anaerobic elements to aerobic elements and enable the sunlight to act as a natural disinfectant.
Laboratory readings obtained by the MMRDA show that the COD and BOD levels were as high as 1,015 mg/litre and 405 mg/litre respectively before using the technology, while the permissible limits are 100-150 mg/litre for COD and less than 50 mg/litre for BOD.
In less than a year of using the bioremediation technology, the COD and BOD levels had dropped to 42 mg/litre and 15 mg/litre, respectively.
mumbai.newsline@expressindia.com

Ganpati mandals on the edge as 3 000 new pothole complaints registered on BMCwebsitePotholes have come up on Mahape-Shil-Phata stretch after heavy rain in Navi Mumbai for the last two days. (Source: Express photo by Narendra Vaskar)
Summary
The appointed contractors and road sub-engineers are given 48 hours to ensure a pothole complaint is addressed and repaired.
Tweet This
Since the beginning of the Ganesh festival last week with much fanfare, over 3,000 pothole complaints have been registered on the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation’s pothole-tracking website http://www.voiceofcitizen.com .
According to the tracking system, which has received over 3,200 hits so far, 11,006 of the 12,224 potholes reported till date are yet to be repaired. Till last week, the number of complaints reported stood at 9,652.
Maximum complaints, or 11,603 potholes, have been registered for roads in the care of the local ward administration. About 500 complaints have been reported for roads under the central civic roads department, while the remaining complaints relate to roads under the care of other BMC utility agencies, and other state agencies such as the Public Works Department (PWD), and the Mumbai Metropolitan Regional Development Authority (MMRDA).
As per the civic body’s standard operating procedure for repairing potholes, appointed contractors and road sub-engineers are given 48 hours to ensure a pothole complaint is addressed and repaired. However, the sluggish response to complaints is keeping the city’s Ganesh mandals on tenterhooks as the final day for immersion of major idols in the city approaches on September 8.
“We have been asking the civic body to repair the craters near the various mandals since weeks, but they have failed to take any action. At many places, the idols have developed cracks because of the uneven roads, but the civic body only tells us that the repair works are in progress,” said Girish Walwalkar, Secretary, Brihanmumbai Sarvajanik Ganeshotsav Samanvay Samiti.
The N ward, of Ghatkopar and Vikhroli, has recorded close to 1,000 complaints, making it the ward with maximum number of potholes recorded. The BMC data claims that barely 50 potholes or so are pending repairs. This is followed by the R-Central ward, which comprises the area of Borivali and Poisar, which has reported 843 potholes, of which 789 have been closed.
“We are carrying on the repairs as and when they are reported. While many complaints are reported, the pace has increased to match this at the ward-level so that mandals do not face problems. The major routes which will be used during immersion are specially being looked after by the central agency, so if there are any complaints, these would be restricted to minor roads which are not widely used during the festival,” chief engineer of the roads department, R A Pawar said.
About 4,900 potholes were recorded till August 6, the day the civic body had announced it would fast-track the process of filling up potholes by the deadline of August 25. As an assurance to the city’s Ganesh mandals, the civic body had decided to undertake repair works in two phases.
mumbai.newsline@expressindia.com

N Srinivasan can t take charge of BCCI: SCN Srinivasan can't take charge of BCCI till cleared by Justice Mudgal Committee: SC
By ET Bureau | 2 Sep, 2014, 04.30AM IST
0
Share More
Expressing displeasure over slow speed of probe, the apex court SC asked the panel to complete it's investigation within two months 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday refused to reinstate N Srinivasan as BCCI chief, a post he had relinquished while a court-appointed panel probed the allegations of betting and match-fixing against his son-in-law Gurunath Meiyappan.
A bench, comprising Justices T S Thakur, and FMI Kalifullah, made this very clear during a hearing on a plea by the probe committee for a further extension of time by two months to complete the probe into the match-fixing and spot-fixing allegations swirling around IPL.
The committee, which has already submitted a report on its probe to the court, had sought more time from the court to complete the task. Former Punjab and Haryana High Court Chief Justice Justice Mukul Mudgal is in charge of the investigations.
The probe involves Meiyappan, Srinivasan himself over his alleged inaction against players and office-bearers allegedly involved in it and twelve other players.
During the hearing on its plea for more time, Srinivasan's lawyer Kapil Sibal requested the court during the hearing to restore his position as the BCCI AGM was round the corner and he would have to clear the accounts of the Board. However, the bench wouldn't hear of it.
Sibal said that if the report by the probe team did not have anything against him, he should be allowed to function as BCCI chief.
"If there is nothing against me in the report (interim report of Aug 29). I cannot be kept outside indefinitely...," Sibal said.
The bench, however, observed that the probe was still underway and refused to reinstate him.
"They had also not said that there is nothing against you in the report," the bench observed.
He has to sign cheques etc, Sibal contended. "Signing an account book cannot be a ground for reinstatement," Justice Kalifullah, part of the original bench which ordered the probe, observed.
Justice Thakur pointed out that the committee wanted "to examine some players and others who are now playing in England".
"The investigations are not yet complete. They want to look into some technical aspects like CDs and audio recordings. It has to record evidence. Some of the players have gone to England. They want to record their statements," he said.
The bench, however, expressed unhappiness over the slow pace of investigations, asking the committee to hand over an interim report on office-bearers soon. Srinivasan had also earlier urged the court to ensure that the probe was over before the BCCI AGM in September end. But that seems unlikely. The next hearing of the case is scheduled for November 10, 2014.
An earlier bench of the court, comprising Justices A K Patnaik and Kalifullah, had while ordering the probe, asked Srinivasan to sit out as BCCI chief in the interest of a fair probe.
It had asked former cricketer Sunil Gavaskar to handle IPL affairs and entrusted the other affairs of the BCCI to the senior-most VP Shiv Lal Yadav.
Srinivasan has been trying to get back to the helm of affairs with little success since then, making repeated attempts through his lawyers to get the court to reinstate him.
The court has dismissed earlier such pleas by Srinivasan.

SpiceJet cancels services to Mysore againUpdated: September 2, 2014 03:52 IST
SpiceJet cancels services to Mysore again
Laiqh A. Khan
air transport
Barely ten days after resuming services to Mysore, SpiceJet, the lone commercial flight operator to the city, has once again announced discontinuation of its operations between September 5 and October 31.
Mysore Airport Director C. Manjunath said he received a message from SpiceJet on August 31 informing about the cancellation. “This is due to operational reasons. A mail will be sent regarding the cancellations to all concerned,” said the message from the operator to the airport director.
SpiceJet had resumed operations on August 21 after suspending it for almost three weeks.
The sudden announcement ahead of Dasara, scheduled to begin later this month, has caught even the airport authorities unawares. “They have cited operational difficulties as the reason,” said Mr. Manjunath.
Almost 70 seats were filled, against a capacity of 78, when the flight took off on Sunday. Even the previous day about 50 seats were occupied in the outbound flight, he said.
Mr. Manjunath said he would meet Pratap Simha, Mysore MP, on Tuesday so that the matter could be taken up with the Union Civil Aviation Ministry. The issue would be taken up with the State government as well. “I will meet Tourism Minister R.V. Deshpande when arrives in the city on Wednesday. We will do all we can to ensure flight services to Mysore,” he said.
Earlier, SpiceJet had discontinued services from July 28 and had planned to permanently call off services from September 1. But, it was restored from August 21 following the intervention of Union Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju and Union Minister of State for Civil Aviation G.M. Siddeshwar, who inspected the airport.
The uncertainty about air connectivity is expected to affect the customer base, according to sources in the industry.
Chairman of CII, Mysore, R.C. Jagadeesh said it was very disturbing to learn that SpiceJet, which currently operates flights between Bangalore and Mysore four days a week, was likely to suspend operations.
“This does not augur well for the city’s economic growth and needs to be addressed immediately,” he said. Pointing out that regular and convenient flights between metros and Mysore reduce the travel time considerably, making the city an attractive destination for tourists and investors alike, Mr. Jagadeesh said air connectivity plays a vital role in ferrying international and national passengers during Dasara between Mysore and other cities.
He also made out a case for all stakeholders, including the city administration, to immediately approach the airline and persuade them to continue services.

Report: Apple Fixes Bug Blamed For Massive Leak Of Celebrity Photosreddit
Sports Illustrated model Kate Upton was among roughly 100 celebrities allegedly affected by Sunday's leak of private, explicit photos. (Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP)
The bug, known as "ibrute," appears to have been first noted on the social coding site Github . It allowed hackers to access an individual's iCloud data by exploiting a weakness in Apple's "Find My iPhone" service, according to Engadget.
The problem was that Apple's service didn't employ so-called "brute force protection," which meant that anyone who wanted to break into a person's iCloud could repeatedly enter a large number of passwords without fear of being locked out, according to The Next Web.
Late Sunday, one or more anonymous users uploaded what were allegedly nude photos of dozens of celebrities , including Oscar-winning actress Jennifer Lawrence and Sports Illustrated model Kate Upton, to the image-sharing site 4chan. The anonymous user or users claimed the photos were obtained via Apple's iCloud , according to The Independent.
While the hackers' actual methods have yet to be established, many onlookers have speculated that they may have exploited the Find My iPhone bug to obtain the photos.
Apple iCloud brute-forcer: https://t.co/KPMflz80W4 - apparently FindMyPhone doesn't have brute force protection... related to celeb hacks?
-- Ross (@Hypn) September 1, 2014
It appears Apple has already fixed the "ibrute" security flaw. HackApp, the anonymous coder who claims to have discovered the hack, said Monday that Apple has "patched" the bug for the most part (though it apparently still persists in some regions of the world, according to a separate Reddit thread).
The end of fun, Apple have just patched FindMyIphone bug. So ibrute is not applicable any more.
-- HackApp (@hackappcom) September 1, 2014
To see if Apple really had patched up the bug, The Next Web attempted to exploit the Find My iPhone hack early Monday and was "locked out [...] after five attempts, meaning [...] Apple has patched the hole."
HackApp has denied playing any part in the leak, tweeting Monday that he or she does not know of any relation between "ibrute" and the mass posting of photos on Sunday.
I have to repeat once again THERE IS NO any evidences, that #ibrute was involved in this incident. If you have any, I look forward
-- HackApp (@hackappcom) September 1, 2014
But before that, in a Twitter conversation with The Next Web's Owen Williams, HackApp did admit "that someone could [theoretically] use this tool" to hack into a celebrity's iCloud and rip photos and videos.
While we still don't know for certain what caused the hack, this is a good time to activate two-step verification for your device, a safe way to protect yourself from many common hacks. Over at Forbes, there's a nice rundown on how to do so.
Apple did not respond to a request for comment from The Huffington Post.
UPDATE, 4:15 p.m. -- Apple spokeswoman Natalie Kerris told Re/code that the company is "actively investigating" the issue.
More:

I strongly feel it is not just alexa ranking that matters....the most ...Gold Member
63 Followers
I strongly feel it is not just Alexa ranking that matters....The most important thing is conversion of the hits to revenue which i feel is being done well by Ybrant. WHat is the point in having hundreds of thousands of visitors on your site not giving any revenue.
Ybrant is a B-B company targetting consumers in a indirect manner so Alexa ranking is not the only relevant factor.
In reply to : kavi53 message
about 1 hr 23 min 26 sec ago

Dear vuppala1948. few words from your side on corporate governance and...Platinum Member
47 Followers
News says Udayan Mukharjee is seeing MidCap Index to top 20000 in two & half years and not in a year or so as I wrongly described in my earlier message. But still it is a good news. Granules has outperformed the market by huge margin and expect it to outperform in 2-3 years at-least by a good margin. Secondly, management is highly optimistic to see the Revenue to double in less than 3 years (1st ConCall) it means CAGR more than 26%. Then bottomline (PAT) CAGR should not be less than 50%. Stock with clear profit visibility of this growth trading at 17PE is definitely under-valued and may expect re-rated further. 1000 is clearly on the horizon in near future.
In reply to : vkmaheshwari1963 message
2.18 PM Sep 1st

The doubting thomases have gone  the target guns (courtesy litto) are ...Gold Member
63 Followers
The doubting thomases have gone, the target guns (courtesy Litto) are back and so are the Robin hoods and merry men. Overall it feels very nice.
about 1 hr 27 min 40 sec ago  | Track

Right now there is a lot of sunshime in the counter though it may be r...Gold Member
63 Followers
Right now there is a lot of Sunshime in the counter though it may be raining all over India. Sun bathing feels very good.
about 1 hr 31 min 48 sec ago  | Track

W/o going into what the terms of original contract were between goi an...311 Followers
Enough is written and discussed on Gas pricing. Some issues are as below.
1. Previous Petroleum Minister, was he close to RIL and did he favour RIL? One Petroleum minister who was not friendly was replaced too.
2. CAG reported the under-production and asked for a full  audit. i do not think this was done to its satisfaction.
3. Meanwhile the whole country is suffering from LPG price increase. We can not increase our import bill and at the same time not utilize our natural resources.
there used to be heavy fights on RIL board among boarders. so better not to discuss these issues here.
In reply to : khushpindesingh message
about 1 hr 27 min 24 sec ago

Let us admit here that we are not discussing the stock price in isolat...311 Followers
Enough is written and discussed on Gas pricing. Some issues are as below.
1. Previous Petroleum Minister, was he close to RIL and did he favour RIL? One Petroleum minister who was not friendly was replaced too.
2. CAG reported the under-production and asked for a full  audit. i do not think this was done to its satisfaction.
3. Meanwhile the whole country is suffering from LPG price increase. We can not increase our import bill and at the same time not utilize our natural resources.
there used to be heavy fights on RIL board among boarders. so better not to discuss these issues here.
In reply to : khushpindesingh message
about 1 hr 27 min 25 sec ago

Quite a few of us here have made 15x...nice to see some of you guys fo...Platinum Member
384 Followers
SKR had a great ET KOTAK meet ..The best of institutional investors who are masters if valuation and know digital as they invest billions are on board now..do keep this in mind while setting your targets..seems there are some duds that follow you all the time...do answer these poor guys too..:) .rgds
In reply to : anand24243 message
about 1 hr 13 min 52 sec ago

Seems you are another one who missed buying yd at 3...wish you better ...Platinum Member
384 Followers
Sorry to hear that you are stuck with quite a few duds too...do your own study if you dont get an answe...and why you are not getting one promptly should explain ...get it buddy..rgds
In reply to : vaibhav518 message
about 1 hr 9 min 33 sec ago

Good education institutes are getting the eye of the investors. like ...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Sir aapne bhaga diya issePlatinum Member
41 Followers
Business improved a lot. Share price as you say is not. In fact share price is getting undervalued day by day. Share price was at 600 levels in 2008 when turn over was 1200 Crore. Now turn over is 3100   1200 = 4300 Crores. Profitability was hit by various factors(internal and external), but that is getting corrected now.
Share price is upto the market. Lets see how this will play out.
In reply to : avinash49 message
5.09 PM Aug 23rd

9000 is likely   10 000 im a lil unsureNew Member
4 Followers
He must be promoting the vested interests of investors.Anything is possible in the stock market because it is nothing but speculation. When it goes up it goes up without a reason opposing everything and when it falls it falls like nine pins.The stage is set for a massive fall sooner or later . Nifty target 4500. The Nifty and the Sensex have  already moved up nearly 400% from the record lows that it had made on 27/10/2008.
In reply to : Udayan Mukherjee message
10.07 AM Sep 1st

Dramatic gender transformation!Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Pre-market: Nifty seen opening flat; may retest 8000 levelsSave precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: The 50-share Nifty index is expected to open flat on Tuesday following muted trend seen in other Asian markets. Tracking the momentum, the index is expected to retest its crucial psychological support level of 8000 in trade today.
At 07:30 a.m., Nifty India stock futures in Singapore were trading 18 points lower at 8,060 indicating flat-to-negative opening on the domestic market.
Benchmark indices markets continued their winning streak for the seventh straight session with Nifty breaching the 8,000-mark for the first time in trade on Monday, and the Sensex closing at new life-time high of 26,867.55 boosted by positive economic growth data for the April-June quarter.
Technically, Nifty has breached previous month's high and has closed at highest ever level indicating that the index seems to have entered a new trading range.
"The fact that the market breadth was very encouraging today and index is yet to enter in overbought zone is likely to keep sluggishness at bay," LKP said in a report.
"The support is now seen shifting to 7920-7940 level. If Nifty continues to trade above 8000 then higher levels of 8200 will become achievable," added the report.
Finally Nifty has crossed the level of 8000 today for which the markets were waiting for since long. It's always best to go with the trend in the markets, say analysts.
"During a bull market, even any big bad news doesn't have any major impact on the markets. Those investors who all are holding positions in market should hold their positions," said Vivek Gupta - Director Research, CapitalVia Global Research Limited.
"In monthly charts Spot Nifty had a breakout from an ascending triangle when it crossed the levels of 6357.10 which as per technical rules have minimum targets of 8180 and the rise can continue," he added.
Gupta is of the view that investors should try to take maximum from these bull markets and trail their positions.
U.S. markets were closed on Monday for the Labor Day holiday but it will be a busy week for markets, with central bank meetings in six of the G-10, three major emerging markets and U.S. jobs data on Friday, Reuters reported.
Asian shares were trading mixed. Japan's Nikkei 225 index which was trading 1.1 per cent higher at 15,655 and Hong Kong's Hang Seng index was trading 0.40 per cent lower at 24,652.
South Korea's Kospi index was trading 0.61 per cent lower at 2,055 and China's Shanghai index was trading 0.09 per cent higher at 2,235.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Stockflash # guys whats the views on jindal steel opening today......g...Chief of Bureau, CNBC-TV18 Mumbai
2291
Financial Markets Anchor & Research Analyst
12153
Head - Research
2470
How the 21st century turns out will depend on how close India and Japan`s relations grow says PM Modi. Sending a message to China. Agree?
Yes

And for many it is an opportunity to add more yd  before iot goes vira...Platinum Member
385 Followers
Head .ai...had put up a nice post in IOT..a few days back ..there are many who may not really know the term...hope they get to find it ...or google the term...rgds
In reply to : headstead message
about 1 hr 21 min 27 sec ago

Buy elf fort argent 186 sl 176Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Yaar if you people didn`t entered at lower level. its not our problem....Platinum Member
10 Followers
yaar if you people didn`t entered at lower level. its not our problem. its going only to touch its support of 36 soon. may be this weak only. still chance to enter at these levels to make profit.
about 1 hr 19 min 16 sec ago  | Track

Azarenka tops qualifier Krunic to reach U.S. Open quartersNEW YORK, September 2, 2014
Updated: September 2, 2014 08:29 IST
Azarenka tops qualifier Krunic to reach U.S. Open Quarters
AP
AP Azarenka was down 3-2 in that set, but broke to go ahead 4-3 with a backhand winner down the line off one of Krunic’s many attempted drop shots.
TOPICS
US Open
Twice a major champion, and twice a runner-up at Flushing Meadows, Azarenka took four of the last five games Monday night to come back and win 4-6, 6-4, 6-4, ending the surprising run of 145-ranked Aleksandra Krunic of Serbia.
“Aleksandra played some amazing tennis, really. She has a great future,” said the 16-seeded Azarenka, who lost to Serena Williams in the 2012 and 2013 U.S. Open finals.
“It’s never easy to play somebody you don’t know. But she played really well and stepped it up. I just tried to stay positive and tried to fight and do anything I can to really turn the match around and really stay in the moment,” Azarenka added.
“I felt like I had to start to play more aggressive and come in and take chances. And I think in important moments I did that well.”
She certainly did, pushing forward to win nine of 10 points at the net in the third set of the fourth-round match.
Azarenka was down 3-2 in that set, but broke to go ahead 4-3 with a backhand winner down the line off one of Krunic’s many attempted drop shots.
The varied game played by Krunic, a 21-year-old from Serbia, worked wonders earlier in the tournament, when she used her mix of spins and speeds to eliminate two-time Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova in the third round, and 27-seeded Madison Keys in the second.
“I didn’t expect such a good effort from myself. ... I enjoyed the moment and I tried to stay in the moment as much as I could,” Krunic said.
And the crowd showered Krunic with loud support throughout the 2-hour, 19-minute match under the lights in Arthur Ashe Stadium, something she said surprised her.
When the match ended, and Azarenka was pulled aside for an on-court interview, Krunic stuck around so the players could walk off together the sort of thing that rarely happens at the U.S. Open.
Next up for Azarenka is 17-seeded Ekaterina Makarova of Russia, who advanced earlier on Monday by beating no. 7 Eugenie Bouchard 7-6 (2), 6-4.
Azarenka has won the Australian Open twice and used to be ranked no. 1, but she has struggled during an uneven 2014 because of health problems.
She entered on Monday having played a total of only 20 matches all season, including one match during the five months from January to June because of a left foot injury, and only four in the time between Wimbledon and the U.S. Open because of a bothersome right knee.
“I’m just proud to be on the court. I love tennis. I love the yellow ball. I love to hit the forehands and backhands. I just love the feeling. You guys are awesome,” she told the crowd.
“And what I miss the most is just to go out here in front of the crowd and feel the energy and fight hard.”

Stocks in news: Tata Motors  TVS Motor  Cipla  REC  PFCAugust auto sales: TVS Motor Company
-Total sales up 46 percent at 2.27 lakh units (YoY)
-2-wheeler sales up 47 percent at 2.17 lakh units (YoY)
-Exports up 28 percent at 35,074 units (YoY)
-2-wheeler exports up 27 percent at 27,115 units (YoY)
-3-wheeler sales up 39 percent at 9,820 units (YoY)
August auto sales: Escorts
-Total sales at 3,624 units versus 3,911 units (YoY)
-Domestic sales at 3,147 units versus 3,823 units (YoY)
-Exports at 477 units versus 88 units (YoY)
August auto sales: Hero Motocorp
-Total sales up 21 percent at 5.58 lakh units (YoY)
August auto sales: Tata Motors
-Total sales down 18 percent at 40,883 units (YoY)
-Domestic sales down 19 percent at 36,403 units (YoY)
-Commercial vehicle sales down 23 percent at 25,428 units (YoY)
-Light commercial vehicle sales down 35 percent at 16,287 units (YoY)
-Medium and heavy commercial vehicle sales up 11 percent at 9,141 units (YoY)
-Passenger vehicle sales down 5 percent at 10,975 units (YoY)
-Exports down 8 percent at 4,480 units (YoY)
August auto sales: Eicher Motors
-Total sales down 5.6 percent at 3,027 units (YoY)
-Domestic sales down 6.7 percent at 2,571 units (YoY)
-Exports up 1.3 percent at 456 units (YoY)
-Total sales at 35,175 units versus 35,567 units (MoM)
-Total sales down 7 percent at 35,175 units (YoY)
-Passenger vehicle sales down 11 percent at 14,140 units (YoY)
-Domestic sales down 6 percent at 33,145 units (YoY)
-Exports down 26 percent at 2,030 units (YoY)
-Total tractor sales up 6 percent at 15,006 units (YoY)
-Domestic tractor sales up 1 percent at 13,733 units (YoY)
-Tractor exports up 107 percent at 1,273 units (YoY)
Cipla  launches inhaler Seroflo in Germany, Sweden
Alert: Seroflo is Cipla’s Salmeterol/Fluticasone mixed dose inhaler
-Cipla to launch Seroflo in other European countries in 12-18 months
Coal block allocation case: Supreme Court
-To next hear coal block allocation case on September 9
-Association of power producers to submit details of investments
-Government to submit details of operational mines
-Government to submit details of mines to be commissioned
-SC observes mines in question account for only 7 percent of total demand
-SC observes government needs to proceed at quick pace for auction
Coal block allocation case: Attorney general to SC
-Oppose 3-judge bench panel for fact finding for 46 mines
Alert: Comptroller and Auditor General of India (CAG) pegs losses at Rs 295 per tonne for 46 mines
-Will ask operating lease holders to pay additional Rs 295/tonne
-Mining is on in 40 blocks and 6 are ready to be mined
-Consider not scrapping those 46 blocks
Coal block award case: Sources
-46 mines in question include allocations to PSUs
Alert: Government sought relief for 46 mines in Supreme Court
-46 mines in question include allocations to JSPL , Hindalco
-40 coal blocks already under production include blocks of JSPL , SAIL , Jaiprakash Associates , Sarda Energy , Virangana Steel & Iron, Prism Cement
Power Minister Piyush Goyal likely to meet state power ministry officials today: Sources
-Power minister to meet state power ministers to discuss current power situation
-Power minister to meet officials of Maharashtra, Gujarat, Haryana, Rajasthan and Punjab
Alert: Western, northern grids issued notice on power generation loss
GAIL  says
-Board to mull borrowing limit up to Rs 2,000 crore on September 17
-Mulling entering deal with Ratnagiri Gas and Power for use of its Dabhol LNG terminal for 25 years
Government invites bids from bankers to sell 5 percent stake in Power Finance Corporation
-Government says last day of submission of bids for PFC stake sale is September 22
Fake FDs case:  Dhanlaxmi Bank says
-Detected 3 fraud cases of Rs 30 crore involving Showman Group in 2013
-Bank recovered amount within short span of time
-Bank did not incur any loss as recovered amount soon
-4 officers involved in fraud been dismissed from services
-No claim from any party, including PG Group, w.r.t. FDs placed with bank
Government prepares 4-year blueprint for fund infusion in PSU banks: Sources
-Government's 4-year blueprint for bank recapitalisation details 3 scenarios
-Fund infusions may vary from Rs 44,000-58,000 crore over 4 years
-Bank recapitalisation to depend on extent of equity dilution by government
-Government stake in PSBs not to fall below 51 percent or be more than 62 percent
-To maintain stake at 62 percent, need to infuse Rs 58,000 crore over 4 years
-To maintain stake at 51 percent, need to infuse Rs 44,000 crore over 4 years
-May seek cabinet okay for PSB stake sale on case by case basis
RBI
-Reviews Basel-III capital norms for banks
-Allows banks to issue Tier-I bonds with temp write-down clause
-Reviews guidelines on raising non-equity regulatory capital
-Allows call option on perpetual non-cumulative preference shares (PNCPS) after 5 years versus 10 years earlier
Government mulls super regulator for communication sector: Sources
-Government mulls replacing TRAI with new regulator
-TRAI act proposed to be repealed by new legislation
-Government proposes new regulator in Communications Bill
-New regulator known as Communications Commission
-Telecom minister briefed about Communications Bill
-Communications Commission to consist of 1 chairman and 6 members
-Communications Appellate Tribunal to replace TDSAT
-Communications Appellate Tribunal to have 3 members
-New regulator to regulate anti-competitive issues
-New regulator to regulate environment issues
-New regulator to regulate ‘right of way’ issues
-New regulator to regulate issues related to interception
-Regulator to regulate issue of morality, privacy, public order
-New regulator to oversee civil and criminal penalties
-Wilful defaulter action by  United Bank is hasty
-United Bank initiated action despite pending legal proceedings
-Have filed special leave petition before SC against Calcutta HC order
-Will pursue all legal remedies on United Bank wilful defaulter notice
Other stocks and sectors that are in news today:
-Supreme Court to hear Kingfisher Airlines ’ appeal against Calcutta HC order today
-BSE-USE merger gets SEBI and CCI approval
-Government invites bids from bankers to sell 5 percent stake in Rural Electrification Corporation
-Temasek eyes Punj Lloyd ’s Medanta stake: ET
- Infosys growth plans in October, says Vishal Sikka
RELATED NEWS

6 stocks likely to see lot of action today08:00 am
On CNBC-TV18's show Super Six, market gurus Vishal Kshatriya, Hemen Kapadia and Manas Jaiswal, place their bets on two stocks each, thus offering investors a variety of options to choose from. Investors can read into the detailed analysis before agreeing to any or all the bets.
Vishal Kshatriya of Edelweiss
Eicher Motors  has given declining trendline breakout with good volumes on its daily chart. Technical oscillators have also given buy signal. Traders can initiate long at current market price with a target price of Rs 10,700-10,800 maintain stoploss below Rs 9,700.
Heritage Foods  has given flat pattern breakout with good volumes on its weekly chart. Technical oscillators are also trading with positive buyers. Traders can initiate long at current market price with a target price of Rs 340-350 maintain stoploss below Rs 315.
Hemen Kapadia of KR Choksey Securities
I have a buy call on Bharti Airtel . It has reflected in near term strength by giving a high volume intraday recovery. The stock has also closed above 55 day exponential moving average. The mechanical indicators on the intraday charts are supporting the move have signaled a buy, indicating the stock intention to appreciate further from here. One can buy Bharti Airtel at a closing of around Rs 376 with a stoploss of around Rs 373 and target of Rs 382.
I have a buy call on Coal India . The stock has enter intraday uptrend, the mechanical indicator are supporting the move have signaled a buy indicating a stock intention to appreciate further from here. One can buy Coal India at closing of around Rs 365 with a stoploss of Rs 362 and a target of Rs 371.
Manas Jaiswal of manasjaiswal.com
Adani Power  has taken support near to 200 day moving average yesterday and bounce back sharply. It has made a bullish engulfing pattern on the daily chart. So we may see further up move. It can test Rs 54 in next two to three trading sessions. One can buy the stock at current levels and keep the stoploss below Rs 48.
Apollo Tyres  has broken its resistance of Rs 175 at very good volumes. It has tried making higher tops and higher bottoms on a daily chart. We may see further up move. It can test Rs 190 in next two to three trading sessions. One can buy it with a stoploss of Rs 174.
RELATED NEWS

US forces conduct operation in Somalia:PentagonPentagon Press Secretary Rear Admiral John Kirby said US military forces have carried out an operation against Al-Qaeda-linked Shebab militants in Somalia.
Agence-France Presse | Washington |     September 2, 2014 4:27 pm
U.S. military forces attacked the extremist al-Shabab network in Somalia Monday, the Pentagon said, and a witness described ground-shaking explosions in a strike that reportedly targeted the group’s leader.
Al-Shabab had attacked the upscale Westgate Mall in Nairobi, Kenya, killing at least 67 people a year ago this month and the U.S. had targeted planners of the bloody assault. There was no immediate comment from al-Shabab and U.S. commanders were waiting to determine the attack’s outcome.
“U.S. military forces conducted an operation in Somalia today against the al-Shabaab network. We are assessing the results of the operation and will provide additional information as and when appropriate,” said Pentagon Press Secretary Rear Adm. John Kirby.
After the U.S. strike Monday night in a forest south of Mogadishu, masked Islamic militants in the area arrested dozens of residents they suspected of spying for the U.S. and searched nearby homes, a resident said.
“Mass arrests just started, everyone is being detained,” said Mohamed Ali, who lives in Sablale district. “They even searched nearby jungles and stopped the nomads transporting milk and grass to the towns for questioning.”
A senior Somali intelligence official said a U.S. drone targeted al-Shabab leader Ahmed Abdi Godane as he left a meeting of the group’s top leaders. Godane, also known as Mukhtar Abu Zubeyr, is the group’s spiritual leader under whose direction the Somali militants forged an alliance with al-Qaida.
The Somali official, speaking on condition of anonymity since he was not authorized to speak to the media, said intelligence indicated Godane “might have been killed along with other militants.” The official said the attack took place in a forest near Sablale district, 105 miles (170 kilometers) south of Mogadishu, where al-Shabab trains its fighters.
The governor of Somalia’s Lower Shabelle region, Abdiqadir Mohamed Nor, told The Associated Press that as government and African Union forces were heading to a town in Sablale district, they heard what sounded like an “earthquake” as the al-Shabab bases were hit.
“There was an airstrike near Sablale. We saw something,” Nor said.
The U.S. has carried out several airstrikes in Somalia in recent years. A U.S. missile strike in January killed a high-ranking intelligence officer for al-Shabab, and last October a vehicle carrying senior members of the group was hit in a U.S. strike that killed al-Shabab’s top explosives expert.
The latest U.S. action comes after Somalia’s government forces regained control of a high-security prison in the capital that was attacked on Sunday. Seven heavily armed suspected al-Shabab members had attempted to free other extremists held there.
Somali officials said all seven attackers, three government soldiers and two civilians were killed. Mogadishu’s Godka Jilacow prison is an interrogation center for Somalia’s intelligence agency, and many suspected militants are believed to continued…

Andhra capital to be built between Guntur and VijayawadaPrint
Written by Janyala Sreenivas | Hyderabad |     September 2, 2014 1:37 am
The Andhra Pradesh Cabinet has given its nod for establishing the state capital between Vijayawada and Guntur. The decision came after a five-hour long meeting held Monday. Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu is expected to speak on the issue in the Andhra Pradesh Assembly Tuesday. The Cabinet also decided that in case of any problems related to acquisition of land in some areas in the Vijayawada-Guntur stretch, the government would look for alternative sites in Nuzvedu in Krishna district, 42 km away from Vijayawada.
Meanwhile, Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu has asked his Cabinet colleagues not to make any statements in public about the capital city while informing them that the state capital would be established according to the Cabinet’s decision. Suggestions and recommendations made by the Sivaramakrishnan Committee also came up for discussion during the Cabinet meeting and several ministers are learnt to have opined that certain suggestions could be used by the government while establishing the new capital city.
Sivaramakrishnan Committee has opposed the Vijayawada-Guntur stretch stating that it could cause ecological problems as vast stretches of land are still under cultivation which would be converted into a concrete jungle. Instead, the committee has suggested that the capital city be built in sections in several areas utilising available government and waste land. The committee has not suggested or recommended any particular location to develop it as a capital but has outlined the pros and cons of at least eight locations, including Martur and Vinukonda, both of which are about 55 km from Guntur town.
The five-member panel headed by former urban development secretary K Sivaramakrishnan identified three sub-regions — Vizag region in North Andhra, Rayalaseema ‘Arc’ comprising Kurnool, Anantapur, Tirupathi, Kadapa and Chittoor, and land along the proposed Kalahasti-Nadikudi railway line — for the new capital.
Earlier in the day, state Finance Minister Y Ramakrishnudu said in spite of the Sivaramkrishnan Committee’s report, it was up to the government to decide on the location of the state capital. “We will consider the committee’s suggestions but the final decision would be taken by the Cabinet,’’ he said.

Cashing in on UPA schemes  NDA takes them a step furtherAt a high-level meeting in July itself, Modi set a target of one billion Aadhaar enrolments “at the earliest”. (Source: IE archive)
Written by Ruhi Tewari | New Delhi |     September 2, 2014 12:39 am
Putting to rest speculation about the fate of the previous UPA government’s most ambitious scheme — issuing Aadhaar cards and linking all benefits to this unique identity — the NDA government has given it a decisive push with Prime Minister Narendra Modi himself taking a keen interest in its rollout.
At a high-level meeting in July itself, Modi set a target of one billion Aadhaar enrolments “at the earliest”. The current enrolment is 700 million. He also endorsed Aadhaar-based Direct Benefit Transfer (DBT) schemes, including for LPG, which the previous government had scrapped. Simultaneously, he asked government departments to implement the DBT scheme on priority in 300 districts where Aadhaar enrolment is over 80 per cent.
Aadhaar and DBT are big-ticket reforms initiated by the Congress-led UPA government, but their rollout was hit due to implementation bottlenecks. The then Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) chairman, Nandan Nilekani, updated both Congress president Sonia Gandhi and vice-president Rahul Gandhi every month on the progress of the scheme.
The NDA government has taken the DBT scheme seriously, given the impact it can have on the government’s subsidy programme. The Prime Minister’s Office is studying a report prepared by the Planning Commission on utilising Aadhaar identification for transfer of benefits to the accounts of beneficiaries under the MGNREGA, pension, scholarship, public distribution system and LPG subsidies in the 300 districts.
Using Aadhaar further, the government has also made it the basis of several fresh proposals. It will soon introduce Aadhaar-based biometric systems to keep a watch on attendance of central government employees. The government is also studying enrolment of all prisoners using Aadhaar and linking the recently-launched e-passport system with Aadhaar by retrieving biometric data collected under the UID scheme.
In fact, Modi’s ambitious financial inclusion plan, the Jan Dhan Yojana, announced on Independence Day will also be based on Aadhaar. Essentially, bank accounts under the scheme will be opened using Aadhaar to satisfy the KYC norms. Clearly, the Modi government has sensed an opportunity to make the most of the groundwork already in place.
Officials said the importance of Aadhaar for avoiding duplication, eliminating ghost beneficiaries and ensuring better targeting is not lost on this government. The UPA government’s big mistake was that it launched the DBT scheme towards the end of its tenure, and attempted to expedite its implementation with an eye on electoral benefits. However, inadequate groundwork and poor monitoring wrecked its plans.
The Modi government started work on Aadhaar/ DBT within the first 100 days of continued…

In Rae Bareli  Sonia targets Modi over price riseSonia Gandhi visits a villager in Rae Bareli on Monday. Source:PTI
Written by Maulshree Seth | Rae Bareli |     September 2, 2014 1:33 am
Congress president Sonia Gandhi Monday slammed the Centre over rising prices after seeking opinion of villagers in her constituency, Rae Bareli, on whether they felt inflation has gone down in the 100 days of the Narendra Modi-led NDA government.
“Mehngai kam hui kya (has inflation gone down?” she asked locals while going village-to-village collecting applications and listening to their problems.
Stating that villagers were a better judge of Modi’s 100 days and the promises he had made, she asked them: “Jawab do, kaise rahe yeh din? Kya vayede pure hue? Kya mehngai kam hui?(Answer me, how have been these days? Have promises been fulfilled? Has inflation gone down?).”
As villagers in Harchandpur block of Rae Bareli started narrating how rates of food items were going up, Sonia, talking to The Indian Express said, “This is the actual truth of 100 days of NDA government. They made many promises but fulfilled none”.
This is Sonia’s first visit to villages of her constituency after Lok Sabha elections. During an earlier visit, she had spent just a few hours thanking party workers for her victory.
Asked if Congress needed to become more aggressive in UP, Sonia said, “We should become more aggressive everywhere. We are gradually picking up in UP.”
Sonia went door-to-door in five villages asking locals, especially women, about their problems. She started from Tanda village in Harchandpur block that gave her maximum votes during Lok Sabha elections. Villagers complained that for the past few months, they were hardly getting two to three hours of electricity in a day and even for these hours, the schedule was not regular.

US forces conduct operation in Somalia: PentagonPentagon Press Secretary Rear Admiral John Kirby said US military forces have carried out an operation against Al-Qaeda-linked Shebab militants in Somalia.
Agence-France Presse | Washington |     September 2, 2014 4:27 pm
U.S. military forces attacked the extremist al-Shabab network in Somalia Monday, the Pentagon said, and a witness described ground-shaking explosions in a strike that reportedly targeted the group’s leader.
Al-Shabab had attacked the upscale Westgate Mall in Nairobi, Kenya, killing at least 67 people a year ago this month and the U.S. had targeted planners of the bloody assault. There was no immediate comment from al-Shabab and U.S. commanders were waiting to determine the attack’s outcome.
“U.S. military forces conducted an operation in Somalia today against the al-Shabaab network. We are assessing the results of the operation and will provide additional information as and when appropriate,” said Pentagon Press Secretary Rear Adm. John Kirby.
After the U.S. strike Monday night in a forest south of Mogadishu, masked Islamic militants in the area arrested dozens of residents they suspected of spying for the U.S. and searched nearby homes, a resident said.
“Mass arrests just started, everyone is being detained,” said Mohamed Ali, who lives in Sablale district. “They even searched nearby jungles and stopped the nomads transporting milk and grass to the towns for questioning.”
A senior Somali intelligence official said a U.S. drone targeted al-Shabab leader Ahmed Abdi Godane as he left a meeting of the group’s top leaders. Godane, also known as Mukhtar Abu Zubeyr, is the group’s spiritual leader under whose direction the Somali militants forged an alliance with al-Qaida.
The Somali official, speaking on condition of anonymity since he was not authorized to speak to the media, said intelligence indicated Godane “might have been killed along with other militants.” The official said the attack took place in a forest near Sablale district, 105 miles (170 kilometers) south of Mogadishu, where al-Shabab trains its fighters.
The governor of Somalia’s Lower Shabelle region, Abdiqadir Mohamed Nor, told The Associated Press that as government and African Union forces were heading to a town in Sablale district, they heard what sounded like an “earthquake” as the al-Shabab bases were hit.
“There was an airstrike near Sablale. We saw something,” Nor said.
The U.S. has carried out several airstrikes in Somalia in recent years. A U.S. missile strike in January killed a high-ranking intelligence officer for al-Shabab, and last October a vehicle carrying senior members of the group was hit in a U.S. strike that killed al-Shabab’s top explosives expert.
The latest U.S. action comes after Somalia’s government forces regained control of a high-security prison in the capital that was attacked on Sunday. Seven heavily armed suspected al-Shabab members had attempted to free other extremists held there.
Somali officials said all seven attackers, three government soldiers and two civilians were killed. Mogadishu’s Godka Jilacow prison is an interrogation center for Somalia’s intelligence agency, and many suspected militants are believed to continued…

PM Narendra Modi s promise to develop Varanasi into smart city turns it into realty hotspot overnightYou are here: Home > Collections
PM Narendra Modi's promise to develop Varanasi into smart city turns it into realty hotspot overnight
Ravi Teja Sharma, ET Bureau Sep 2, 2014, 09.10AM IST
Tags:
Ajay Mangal
(A top executive of an international…)
NEW DELHI: For many, Varanasi is about salvation — its ghats, temples and narrow, dingy bylanes give the spiritually oriented a mystical high. These days, however, India's oldest town is on a high itself as it turns into a real estate hotspot, buoyed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi's promise of making it a 'smart city'.
A top executive of an international realty consultant says he has been receiving frantic calls from his hotel clients in the past few days, enquiring about land prices and possible deals in the city.
Builders creating land banks in city
Among them is EIH Ltd , owner of the Oberoi hotels, which plans to build a luxury property there. PRS Oberoi, the 80-year-old chairman of the group that boasts of properties such as Udaivilas in Udaipur and Vanyavilas in Ranthambore, says: "Varanasi doesn't have enough good hotels. It makes a lot of sense to go there... There is more and more interest in the city now because of the recent announcements," he says.
Oberoi isn't the only one eyeing business in the city. American hotel chain Starwood's India head Dilip Puri says he has asked his development team to visit the city and scout for opportunities. "We are looking for partners... There is potential for both, domestic and international business," adds Lokesh Sabharwal, vice-president for the Indian sub-continent for French hotel chain Accor.
Property brokers say prices of land in and around the city have already started to rise with builders and investors beginning to create land banks. One biswa (1,360 sq ft) of land in areas such as Mohan Sarai on the outskirts, which was priced at Rs 12 lakh three months ago is now going for Rs 15 lakh, a rise of 25%. A broker says a bungalow he sold for Rs 2.5 crore in Ravindrapuri, the neighbourhood where the PM has set up his local office, is getting quoted forRs 3.25 crore since a month it was sold.
Investors and moneyed people from Bihar, UP and Haryana are on the lookout for land on the city's outskirts hoping they will sell them for a profit to builders as well as hoteliers as development rolls in. Delhi-based builder Amrapali says it has hastened plans to construct a township on the outskirts of the city after Varanasi was declared one of 100 smart cities the Modi government proposed to build. Last week, Modi signed an agreement with Shinzo Abe to have Kyoto as a partner in the development of Varanasi, which is represented in the Parliament by the PM.
The Japanese town, which is also known as the 'city of ten thousand shrines', has been redeveloped into a modern city while keeping its temples intact. Modi wants Varanasi to learn from that experience. Local property brokers say announcements such as these have raised the curiosity of people and there has been a spurt in interest from investors in Uttar Pradesh and from neighbourings states of Bihar and Haryana, and even from distant Hyderabad and Mumbai. "I've shown land to several small investors from Haryana and UP in the last two months.
They want to buy land and sell them later as plots. They know land is still cheap on the outskirts," says property broker Harish Jaiswal , who runs Satyam Property Dealers in the city. Another broker VK Singh , who operates from the Nadesar area of Varanasi says people from Hyderabad and Mumbai have been visiting to look at opportunities to set up commercial and industrial projects around the city, closer to the airport.
Right after the elections, Singh got enquiries from people looking to build hotels and colleges around Varanasi. A CEO of a real estate firm in Gurgaon, who did not wish to be named, says Varanasi is the talk of the town today especially in the real estate circles. "People have confidence in what the Japanese can do. They are hopeful of a transformation."
While the city itself might be congested, brokers say it has ample opportunity to expand on two sides— on the 22-kilometre road between the city and the airport and on the highway to Allahabad . Jaiswal says even locals are stirring up the action. Last month, he sold a bungalow built on 3,200 sq ft of land (or around 355 sq yards) for Rs 2.5 crore to a local businessman. Now the new owner is getting offers the buy the house at a much steeper prices—Rs 3.25 crore.
That's a neat 30% jump in one month riding on the back of all the euphoria. The potential is huge. "Varanasi can be a big centre for silk trading. If just one or two infrastructure and other cleaning activities start, the city will be on fire," says Ajay Mangal , director and chief executive officer of Delhi real estate firm MG Housing, which is in the process of buying 500 acres around Varanasi towards the airport for a future mixed-use development.
Noida-based builder Amrapali, which already has several projects in adjoining Bihar, is close to finalising a deal for buying a large chunk of land to build a township in Varanasi, says Shiv Priya, executive director of the company. For hotels, the lure is manifold. While there is hope that business travel will rise, untapped potential of the Buddhist circuit, of which it is the Centre and the city's ghats and temples is a big draw.
FEATURED ARTICLES

I will neither resign nor go on leave: Nawaz Sharifriots
We have rule of Constitution, we will not allow anyone to abrogate it, he said.
Embattled Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif said he will neither resign nor go on leave, even as anti-government protesters led by Imran Khan and Tahirul Qadri continue to mount pressure on him to step down.
Addressing a meeting of leaders of political parties here, Mr. Sharif said he would not allow to set a precedent under which a few people make hostage mandate of millions of people. “We have rule of Constitution here and we will not allow any one to abrogate it,” The Express Tribune quoted Mr. Sharif as saying.
Following the meeting a joint declaration pointed out that future of Pakistan is linked with democracy and any deviation can be dangerous for federation of Pakistan. The leaders expressed their firm resolve that they stand by the Prime Minister in the struggle to defend the democracy. All parliamentary parties decided to become party to the petition filed in the Supreme Court for supremacy of the Parliament, Radio Pakistan reported.
The leaders strongly condemned attacks on the Parliament, Prime Minister’s House and PTV. “These attacks are attacks on democracy and state,” they said. Leader of the Opposition in the Senate declared that if someone tried to besiege the Prime Minister House then political leadership would stay with the Prime Minister in the PM House. The meeting condemned irresponsible role played by a section of media trying to create misunderstanding between institutions.
The meeting was attended by Syed Khursheed Shah, Mahmood Khan Achakzai, Maulana Fazlur Rehman, Ijazul Haq, Babar Khan Ghauri, Dr Farooq Sattar, Aftab Ahmad Khan Sherpao, Mir Hasil Bizenjo, Haji Adeel, Haji Ghulam Ahmad Bilour, Abbas Khan Afridi and Ghazi Gulab Jamal.
Pakistan Awami Tehreek chief Tahirul Qadri and Pakistan Tehreek-i-Insaf chairman Imran Khan are agitating since August 14 against alleged rigging during the last year’s general elections. The political crisis has triggered violent clashes in Islamabad, leaving three persons dead and over 550 injured.

Japan wage growth boosts Asia boursesLast updated: September 2, 2014 9:13 pm
US manufacturing strength boosts dollar
By Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5a340e42-324f-11e4-b929-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sensex  Nifty Continue Record-Breaking SpreeBSE Sensex and Nifty rose today to fresh record highs amid optimism over recovery in the Indian economy after the first quarter growth surged to nine-quarter high.
Sensex and Nifty clocked fresh record highs of 26,982.63 and 8,067.15 today.
Foreign investors, key drivers of the market rally this year, have bought shares worth $13 billion, or nearly Rs 78,000 crore, in 2014 so far despite some geopolitical tensions, on continued optimism about an improving economy and expectations that the Narendra Modi government will usher in significant reforms. On Monday, foreign investors bought Indian equities worth Rs 554 crore.
Analysts remain positive on the markets in the short-term see some profit-taking surfacing at higher remains.
Gaurang Shah, assistant vice president at Geojit BNP Paribas Financial Services, said good macro data like GDP numbers, foreign inflows and fall in oil prices are driving Indian markets. But he sees some profit-taking at 8,100 levels for Nifty.
Technical analyst Sarvendra Srivasatava sees markets heading higher in short-term but says 8050-8100 level remains the resistance zone for Nifty.
Cipla surged over 6 per cent to be the biggest Nifty gainer. Cipla on Monday launched its generic drug used for treatment of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease in Germany and Sweden. While the drug - Salmeterol/Fluticasone MDI - will be sold under the Serroflo brand in Germany, it will be marketed as Salmeterol/Fluticasone Cipla in Sweden, Cipla said in a statement. The combined market size of the drug is estimated around $100 million.
Cement stocks were also among gainers after core sector data for July indicated that cement production grew 16.4 per cent during the month. UltraTech, ACC, Grasim Industries and Ambuja Cement rose between 2-3 per cent.
Hero MotoCorp rose 1.7 per cent after August sales jumped 21 per cent. Some buying was also seen in banking stocks with IndusInd Bank and HDFC Bank  gaining between 0.8 per cent and 1.5 per cent.
Some selling pressure was seen in metal stocks with JSPL and Sesa Sterlite down between 1 per cent and 2 per cent.
At 11:23 a.m., Sensex was up 97 points to 26,965 while Nifty rose 33 points to 8,060.
Story first published on: September 02, 2014 11:29 (IST)

Sensex Set to Double in 4 Years: Bank of AmericaWall Street Little Changed After Weak Payrolls Report
New Delhi:
The Indian benchmark Sensex and corporate earnings are expected to double over the next four years, a Bank of America Merrill Lynch report says.
The markets may correct about 5 per cent over the next 2 months but in the long-term the outlook remains bullish, the global brokerage firm said, adding that buying in dips is a "compelling strategy".
After five years of being negative on India's earnings growth, the brokerage firm turned positive late last year.
"The Indian Sensex is the best performing market among major global markets so far this year. Our bullishness on the Indian market is driven by our view that the earnings have turned the corner and we will likely see earnings doubling over the next 4 years. We think market returns could mirror earnings growth," it said.
In the near term, the markets, however, may correct around 5 per cent (giving up around half of its post-election result gains) as the pace of reforms is slower than what the market initially built in, the report added.
It said the cyclical recovery coupled with policy reforms would eventually lead to an improvement in profitability of Indian companies.
Secondly, there could be a sharp recovery in earnings as the economy slowly recovers and thirdly, the worst in earnings seems to be over and EPS growth is expected to recover from here on.
"We see GDP growth reviving from its current lows leading to operational leverage for companies as capacity utilisation revives," BofA-ML said.
The brokerage firm sees the decisive political mandate for the BJP leading to an acceleration in the reform process.
Moreover, a faster project clearances and liberalisation of FDI would lead to a revival in the investment cycle.
A reduction in subsidies would also help in reducing fiscal deficit, while lower inflation rate could lead to a fall in interest rates.
Continuing their record setting spree, the NSE Nifty breached the 8,000-mark for the first time ever and BSE Sensex logged a new peak of 26,812.69 in opening trade today on the back of positive economic growth data for the April-June quarter.
Story first published on: September 02, 2014 09:04 (IST)

Diesel Loss at Historic Low  Analysts See Oil Marketing Firms  UpgradeFacebook Ready to Spend Billions to Bring Whole World Online: CEO Zuckerberg
Mumbai: As diesel loss touched an all-time low of just 8 paise as of Monday, due to staggered deregulation which began in September 2012, analysts have called for giving oil marketers a free hand to decide diesel prices, since this would be credit positive for oil marketing companies (OMCs).
"Now is the right time for the government to decontrol diesel price and allow oil marketing companies to price diesel according to global rates. This will help the government achieve its fiscal consolidation targets," India Ratings said in a note issued in Mumbai on Monday.
On September 14, 2012 the UPA government had hiked diesel price by Rs 5 per litre and thereafter OMCs were allowed to increase it by around 50 paise every month.
Meanwhile, domestic rating agency Icra said that diesel prices reaching market prices is credit positive for the petroleum sector.
"We believe a decision on full diesel price deregulation could potentially be a credit positive for the petroleum sector, which could send positive signals to investors. Also, deregulation could stimulate entry of private sector into diesel retailing, bringing much-needed competition in the sector," Icra said.
According to the domestic rating agency, if lower crude prices remain for the rest of FY15, under-recoveries would fall to around Rs 90,000 crore and those on diesel would fall to almost one-fourth, to Rs 15,000 crore this fiscal year from Rs 62,800 crore in FY14.
India Ratings said that the staggered diesel price hike along with declining global crude prices and a rupee rally helped reduce the diesel under recovery to a record low of 8 paise a litre as of Monday.
On September 14, 2012, crude oil was trading at $113.64 bbl, and the rupee at 55.47 to the dollar and under recovery at Rs 13.86 per litre, taking total daily under recovery of OMCs at Rs 498 crore, India Ratings said.
Icra said that between September 2012 and the second fortnight of May 2013, the rupee remained stable but crude price slipped to $101.07 per bbl.
However, a sharp fall of the rupee in June-August 2013, increased both diesel under-recovery and total daily loss to Rs 12.12 per litre and Rs 486 crore respectively, Icra said.
This staggered diesel price hike not only limited the impact on inflation, but also brought down total loss to Rs 1,39,869 crore in FY14, from Rs 1,61,029 crore in FY13, India Ratings said.
Story first published on: September 01, 2014 23:48 (IST)

Government Seeks Bids From Banks to Manage PFC  REC Share SaleYou are here: Home Corporates
Government Seeks Bids From Banks to Manage PFC, REC Share Sale
Reuters | Updated On: September 01, 2014 23:40 (IST)
Facebook Ready to Spend Billions to Bring Whole World Online: CEO Zuckerberg
Mumbai: The government on Monday invited bids from investment banks to manage planned share sales in state-run Power Finance Corp Ltd (PFC) and Rural Electrification Corp Ltd (REC), which could raise a combined $515 million (Rs 3,090 crore at 1 dollar = 60 rupees).
The government, which owns 72.8 per cent in PFC and 65.64 per cent in REC, plans to sell 5 per cent in each, the Finance Ministry's divestment department said in a notice on its website.
The last date for submitting bids is September 22, as per the notice. Up to three investment banks will be appointed to manage each offering.
The stake sales are part of the government's plan to raise about $10.5 billion from asset sales during the current fiscal year to March 2015 to help plug its Budget deficit.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

People Now Prefer Short Term Insurance Plan  Says LIC OfficialYou are here: Home Industries
People Now Prefer Short Term Insurance Plan, Says LIC Official
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 02, 2014 09:10 (IST)
Facebook Ready to Spend Billions to Bring Whole World Online: CEO Zuckerberg
Ahmedabad:
Life Insurance Corporation's (LIC) senior divisional manager Ajay Kumar said here today that people are inclined towards short term insurance plans, rather than long term plans when it comes to life insurance.
Speaking at the launch of LIC's new insurance plan, Mr Kumar said that people still see insurance as an investment rather than security for their family.
"Our research says that people are now inclined towards short term plans rather than opting for long term plans. Today, we are launching 'Jivan Shagun', which is a guranteed money back plan having a term of 12 years," he said.
"In the last three to four years, we have been seeing a trend where people have started showing interest in term policies, pension schemes and health insurance. However, people still see life insurance as a tool of investment" he said.
Story first published on: September 02, 2014 09:08 (IST)

Apple s Shadow Looms Large at Berlin Electronics ShowFacebook Ready to Spend Billions to Bring Whole World Online: CEO Zuckerberg
Berlin:
Berlin's gigantic IFA consumer electronics fair opens this week, with the shadow of Apple looming large even if the iconic US brand traditionally snubs the event.
IFA, one of Europe's biggest showcases of the latest electronic gadgets, is scheduled to open on September 5 and run until September 10.
But news that Apple will stage a mystery unveiling of its own on September 9 is likely to upstage any of the announcements made by its rivals at the Berlin show, analysts said.
Mobile phone makers "increasingly announce more things at the IFA than in the past, because they want to unveil their products before Apple gets all the attention of the media," said Ian Fogg, analyst at IHS.
Famously secretive Apple has offered scant clues about a possible new product in emailed invitations to the September 9 event.
But rumours about Apple's plans have been swirling for months, with many observers convinced a new-generation iPhone with a larger screen is on the horizon.
Some analysts are expecting Apple to unveil an iPhone 6, marking a move into the "phablet" sector, a cross between smartphone and tablet which is proving particularly popular among mobile gamers in countries such as South Korea and China.
But Apple might also unveil an "iWatch", a wrist-worn device that links wirelessly to its iconic iPhones or iPads.
The US giant's rivals are hoping to deliver the goods in their snap-fire counter-offensive, with South Korea's Samsung in particular -- the pioneer of both the phablet and the smartwatch -- hoping to hold on to its number one position.
Phablets and Smartwatches
Samsung is Apple's archrival and it looks set to unveil as early as Wednesday a new version of its giant-sized smartphone, the Galaxy Note 4.
It was at the IFA in 2011 that Samsung unveiled its first-ever phablet, creating a new market segment into which competitors quickly followed.
"All companies, even the Chinese ones, have a phablet in their portfolio these days," said Gartner analyst, Annette Zimmermann.
Japanese firm Sony is coming to Berlin with its new Xperia Z3, and Motorola, recently bought by Lenovo of China, is also expected to unveil a new model.
The battle is raging in the smartwatch sector. Rumours of Apple's iWatch pushed both Samsung and its compatriot LG to release the first details of their new wrist devices already last week, ahead of their launch in Berlin.
"It's a sign that they're getting a little nervous," said Zimmermann.
It was also at the IFA in Berlin last year that Samsung unveiled its pioneering model, the Galaxy Gear.
"Margins are really under pressure in the mobile business. Except for Apple, topping the premium segment, everybody makes almost no money," said IHS analyst Fogg.
"The smartwatch was a way to attract new revenue streams, by bringing a new smartphone companion that's very profitable because the market is still young and there's little competition," he said.
For now, wrist-worn devices are still only for hard-core technophiles, but even makers such as Asus -- better known for its PCs and tablets -- are scheduled to present a smartwatch this year in Berlin.
House of the future
"Of course people are going to talk a lot about phablets and smartwaches, but there's so much more happening at the IFA," said Zimmermann at Gartner.
Ultra high-definition (HD) television screens have sharpened their image quality still further.
And flat-screens are no longer de-rigueur, now competing with curved monitors to imitate a cinema screen.
This year's IFA will host more than 1,500 exhibitors on 150,000 square metres of hall space and almost a quarter of a million visitors are expected over five days, with products ranging from video surveillance cameras, to weather stations and even an intelligent house.
Samsung is scheduled to hold a news conference on the house of the future on Friday.
Story first published on: September 02, 2014 09:17 (IST)

Market likely to be driven by domestic cues in trade todaySep 02, 2014, 08.40 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Market likely to be driven by domestic cues in trade today
Globally, Asian markets are trading mixed in today’s trade on lack of cues from US. Europe too closed flat as tension remained elevated in Russia/Ukraine and following weak euro zone manufacturing PMI data.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Market likely to be driven by domestic cues in trade today
Globally, Asian markets are trading mixed in today’s trade on lack of cues from US. Europe too closed flat as tension remained elevated in Russia/Ukraine and following weak euro zone manufacturing PMI data.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
The Indian equity market is likely to open on a flat note, as suggested by SGX Nifty that was trading at 8068, down 10 points, at 7:40.
It is unchartered terrain for the Indian market as the Nifty effortlessly conquered the 8000 mark in a broad based rally yesterday. With US markets shut for Labour Day and European indices largely unchanged, the market is likely to be driven by domestic cues in today's trade. ( More details )
Shifting focus to the auto space, for August sales, numbers were much better than expected across the board.
In other news, the government asked the Supreme Court "not" to cancel all the 218 coal block allotments. It says 46 blocks that are producing coal should "not" be taken back from companies. Coal blocks run by Hindalco , JSPL , GVK Power  are part of the to-be-exempt list. The matter will now be taken up on September 09.
The government planned a super regulator for the communications sector that moves faster to create a communications commission replace the TRAI. A new tribunal to replace the TDSAT is also in the making .
On the macro front, current account deficit for the first quarter came in at 1.7 percent of GDP versus 4.8 percent a year ago. The number is largely in line with expectations but core sector growth slowed down to just 2.7 percent in July.
Globally, Europe shares closed flat to lower as investors weighed worse-than-expected manufacturing data against tensions in Ukraine. Most major bourses closed down, but volumes were light because of US markets being shut for Labour Day.
In the currency space, the euro languished at one-year lows , following an aimless session overnight with market activity severely hampered by a holiday in the US.
In commodities, Brent crude prices slipped to 102 dollars a barrel as manufacturing growth faltered in Europe and China at a time of ample supply, although the risk of production setbacks remained high in Libya.
From precious metals space, gold was steady around 1,280 dollars an ounce, after posting a small gain last week. The dollar index was trading near a 13-month high, hurting the metal.
RELATED NEWS

The missing link in Asia s economic recoverySep 02, 2014, 08.42 AM IST  | Source: CNBC
The missing link in Asia's economic recovery
"There has been a striking breakdown in the relationship between Asia`s exports and demand indicators in the US/European Union," said Taimur Baig, economist at Deustche Bank.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
The missing link in Asia's economic recovery
"There has been a striking breakdown in the relationship between Asia`s exports and demand indicators in the US/European Union," said Taimur Baig, economist at Deustche Bank.
Post your opinion here
 
Economists expecting a pickup in Western demand to drive Asia`s growth recovery have been disappointed thus far.
"There has been a striking breakdown in the relationship between Asia`s exports and demand indicators in the US/European Union," said Taimur Baig, economist at Deustche Bank.
Historically, a recovery in advanced economies has boosted Asian exports, which has in turn boosted income and investment in the region.
However, Baig points out that data through July show only small pockets of strength, with the region as a whole exporting much less than expected.
Read More Did China just announce a new mini-stimulus package?
Data released Monday show exports by trade powerhouse South Korea `s dipped 0.1 percent on-year in August, below expectations for a 0.2 percent rise and marking the first annual fall since May.
Trade data from South Korea, the world`s seventh-largest exporter, provides an early gauge on the strength of global demand as it`s the first major exporting economy to publish trade data each month.
Indonesia`s exports, meanwhile, plunged 6 percent on year in July, far worse than forecasts for a 2 percent decline.
Asia`s sputtering export engine
One reason an export-led recovery is lacking is that the recovery in the U.S.has been accompanied by unusually weak labor market conditions, said Baig.
Read More Chinese twin PMIs confirm manufacturing downturn
"The unemployment rate has declined, but some of that is has been due to a large rise in discouraged workers. A large pool of contract workers has emerged, with far less sense of job security than permanent hires. This, in combination with tightened bank lending conditions, in turn can lead to lower incentive to consume," he said.
The situation is even worse in Europe and as long as labor market weakness persists Asian exporters will struggle, he said.
Another headwind is the revival in the US manufacturing sector which has led to some degree of import substitution.
"Surging shale gas and oil production has reduced imports, lowered energy costs, and revitalized long dormant segments of manufacturing. This phenomenon is not going to threaten large chunks of Asian exports given the sustained comparative advantage and economies scale enjoyed by the region`s manufacturers, but nevertheless this marks a notable reversal of a multi-decade trend of production off-shoring," Baig said.
Read More US factory activity expands at fastest pace in over 4 years in Aug: Markit
Finally, a marked rise in trade restrictions constrained global trade growth in recent years.
1,185 trade-restrictive measures have been recorded since late 2008, only a fifth of which were removed by May 2014, according to the World Trade Organization (WTO),
Trade outlook bleak
Louis Kuijs, chief China economist at RB (London Stock Exchange: RBS-GB)S (London Stock Exchange: RBS-GB) observed a similar trend, noting that economic growth in Asia could disappoint in the coming months due to weaker-than-expected global trade developments.
"While we still expect global trade to continue to grow at a reasonable pace in the coming six months, we expect no significant pick-up in growth of global demand anymore for the rest of the year," he said.
Read More India`s growth speeds up in after-glow of Modi`s triumph
In its July World Economic Outlook Update, the International Monetary Fund scaled back its projection for global trade growth for 2014 to 4.0 percent from 4.3 percent. While still 0.9 percentage points faster than in 2013, it`s a significantly smaller acceleration than expected at the start of this year, Kuijs said.
Baig too noted his forecasts for Asia`s economic growth could be at risk.
"Will any of these headwinds disappear soon? We doubt it. As the [Federal Reserve] Chairperson Yellen pointed out at her address in Jackson Hole last week, ongoing shifts in the structure of the labor market and the possibility that the global financial crisis has caused persistent changes in the labor market`s functioning will continue to act as brakes to employment and income," he said. "Import substitution may rise in the near term, and there is little sign of trade restrictions abating."
Copyright 2011 cnbc.com

Consumer & pharma best bets now; prefer midcaps: ChokhaniLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Consumer & pharma best bets now; prefer midcaps: Chokhani
Manish Chokhani, director, Enam Holdings says that global interest rates won’t rise in a rush.
Post your opinion here
 
Manish Chokhani, director, Enam Holdings is looking to utilize every correction to get deployed in the Indian equity market. In an interview to CNBC-TV18, he said the market will need the support of India Inc’s earnings to scale to higher levels from hereon.
“We do need earnings support to come through, all the predictions that I am seeing are of 15-20 percent growth, which means on a trailing basis this market will be trading at 20 times trailing earnings. So in a matter of 18 months, the market should be 50 percent higher from here and that is if nothing blows up in the world,” he added.
He further added that global interest rates won’t rise in a rush and as far as India is concerned, people expect to see growth in unit volume terms in foreseeable five-10 years. “The rate cycle in India has peaked and will be heading down, so unless our currency completely craps out, it is a good space to be in,” he said.
Furthermore, Chokhani says the current rally is nothing like the one seen in 2003-07.
"That was a period where we went up 40 percent year-on-year (Y-o-Y) with low inflation and rates falling. I can’t make the case for low inflation in India, because we clearly have a big supply side problem in our country and the more we keep our rates higher, the less likely are we going to get supply created in the real world in India."
On sectoral picks, Chokhani is bullish on consumer non discretionary and pharmaceuticals. His logic: Simple, Indians’ aspirations will rise and they will start needing more medicines as they start coming off age. However, he prefers smaller companies over the USD 30-40 billion market cap companies.
Also Read: Nifty to hit 10,000 by next Budget, says Raamdeo Agrawal
Below is the edited transcript of the interview to CNBC-TV18.
Q: What is going on? Everybody has been talking about the possibility of a correction, markets not obliging; do you think this can continue a bit longer?
A: What seems to be going on in the world is that the zero interest rate policy is still continuing. All the money which has got printed seems to have found its way into financial assets instead of the real economy. What that has done is, it has kept all world markets on a complete tear. So, in the last financial year, the US was up 30 percent, Japan has been up 30 percent. Brazil is second only to India in terms of stock performance and this year the economy is entering a recession.
So, clearly, there is a dichotomy between the real world and the financial world and until this money doesn’t find its way back into the real world, I don’t see why this party will end.
It is tough to make a case for something to come from the equity side of the markets, I suspect this time the troubles will erupt from the currency and bond side because the Fed balance sheet is now levered 80:1.
At the start of the crisis it was 20:1, that is the magnitude of what is going on out there. Clearly laws of economics currently are suspended and if we count the discount rate as the force of gravity on which everything is based, there is no force of gravity right now. So, short of that how do you say the market is expensive?
Q: Is there anything in the bond of the forex space which is telling you that trouble is brewing or are the signs just not there?
A: In India especially the signs are really the reverse because the debt flows into India this year have been larger than the equity flows. So, if indeed people were expecting that when the Fed stops its quantitative easing (QE) in October and we will get turbulence on currency and bond again, then I wouldn’t have expected to see USD 15 billion of debt inflows into India.
People are betting that while the QE will probably come to an end eventually the money which was printed is already out there and rates aren’t going up in a hurry. You should think about it that if the Fed's balance sheet is levered 80:1, a one percent increase in interest rates over two or three years what does it do to that balance sheet?
If the US debt is now 100 percent of GDP what does a 100 basis point increase in interest rates mean to the US economy? So, it is not easy that rates will go up in a rush in the world. At the same time we seem to have got a second chance where people expect that India is a country where there will be growth in unit volume terms for the foreseeable 5 or 10 years.
The rate cycle in India has actually peaked and will probably be heading down. So, unless our currency completely craps out it is a good place to be.
Q: Do you think the global backdrop will be supportive through 2015 because the India story is slowly getting fixed but one worries about the possibility of an accident globally which derails us. Do you see that as an event or do you think it will take longer even if it has to happen down the road?
A: That is whole dilemma in the world that you are investing in a world where the laws of economics are suspended. I am reminded of the famous Czech prince statement of 2007 where he said that as long as the music is playing you got to keep dancing and we know how that ended. So, at some point in the world there is going to be trouble and like I said it is unlikely to come from the equity markets and is unlikely to be like 2008 because the nature of markets is that the previous mistake doesn’t occur, it is something else.
It may well be that we create a blowout like 2000 or indeed a crisis like 1998 in Asia or in Soviet Union, something like that which then cascades into other markets. I can't see any country in the world trying to raise interest rates, letting their currencies go up and getting to a competitive disadvantage with any other economy. You saw that happening in the UK and suddenly the UK governor sort of stepped back. The US realised their rates were expected to go up and quantitative easing would lead to US Dollar going up and they seem to have stepped back. So, until you get the employment problem and revival of investments back in the real world I think this might go longer than we are expecting.
Q: But to your specific point on history not repeating itself exactly in the same way a lot of people are likening this rally to 2003 to 2007. Do you think this script plays out like that or differently?
A: I don’t think that is the case because that was a period where we went up 40 percent year-on-year (Y-o-Y) with low inflation and rates falling. I can’t make the case for low inflation in India because we clearly have a big supply side problem in our country and the more we keep our rates higher, the less likely are we going to get supply created in the real world in India. So, while the government will have to do the right things in getting the policy, infrastructure and all set up to get animal spirits back, the fact is we remain among the most difficult places in the world to do business and that is not changing in a hurry.
Attitudinally also Indian businessmen are seen as someone who exploits the country rather than someone who is creating assets and jobs and employment. Until that whole attitudinal shift happens, this whole dramatic change that one is expecting here is not happening in a rush.
Q: What are the probabilities this Goldilock scenario for India plays out, that next year onwards you do see acceleration in earnings and growth, do you see interest rates starting to come down in 2015 and global liquidities still very supportive?
A: That is really the bull case and naturally, the heaven one. Having seen India score so many self-goals in the past, one is hesitant. It is because there is hesitation amongst people like me, who are at heart bullish characters that is the classic wall of worries that you want the bull market to climb. So, if everything looks rosy in the world, everything looks rosy on Indian macro and everything looks rosy for Indian corporate the market won’t be at 8000 Nifty. We would already be at 12000.

With diesel loss at historic low  analysts see OMCs  upgradeSep 02, 2014, 09.14 AM IST  | Source: PTI
With diesel loss at historic low, experts see OMCs' upgrade
Domestic rating agency ICRA said that diesel prices reaching market prices is credit positive for the petroleum sector.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
With diesel loss at historic low, experts see OMCs' upgrade
Domestic rating agency ICRA said that diesel prices reaching market prices is credit positive for the petroleum sector.
Post your opinion here
 
As diesel loss touched an all-time low of just 8 paise as of Monday, due to staggered deregulation which began in September 2012, analysts have called for giving oil marketers a free hand to decide diesel prices, since this would be credit-positive for oil marketing companies (OMCs).
"Now is the right time for the government to decontrol diesel price and allow oil marketing companies to price diesel according to global rates. This will help the government achieve its fiscal consolidation targets," India Ratings said in a note.
Also Read: Want to make biz environment conducive for diesel cos, says BJP
On September 14, 2012 the UPA government had hiked the diesel price by Rs 5 per litre and thereafter OMCs were allowed to increase it by around 50 paise every month. Meanwhile, domestic rating agency ICRA said that diesel prices reaching market prices is credit positive for the petroleum sector.
"We believe a decision on full diesel price deregulation could potentially be a credit positive for the petroleum sector, which could send positive signals to investors. Also, deregulation could stimulate entry of private sector into diesel retailing, bringing much-needed competition in the sector," ICRA said.
According to ICRA, if lower crude prices remain for the rest of FY15, under-recoveries would fall to around Rs 90,000 crore and those on diesel would fall to almost one-fourth, to Rs 15,000 crore this fiscal, from Rs 62,800 crore in FY14. India Ratings said that the staggered diesel price hike, along with declining global crude prices and a rupee rally, helped reduce the diesel under recovery to a record low of 8 paise a litre as of Monday.
On September 14, 2012, crude oil was trading USD 113.64 bbl, and the rupee at 55.47 to the dollar and under recovery at Rs 13.86 per litre, taking total daily under recovery of OMCs at Rs 498 crore, India Ratings said. ICRA said that between September 2012 and the second fortnight of May 2013, the rupee remained stable but crude price slipped to USD 101.07 per bbl.
However, a sharp fall of the rupee in June-August 2013, increased both diesel under-recovery and total daily loss to Rs 12.12 per litre and Rs 486 crore respectively, ICRA said. This staggered diesel price hike not only limited the impact on inflation, but also brought down total loss to Rs 1,39,869 crore in FY14, from Rs 1,61,029 crore in FY13, India Ratings said.
RELATED NEWS

Making it Big: How Page Industries was builtSep 02, 2014, 08.28 AM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Making it Big: How Page Industries was built
Making It Big, this week, focuses on the Bangalore-based Page Industries, the exclusive licensee of the US - based Jockey International Inc.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Making it Big: How Page Industries was built
Making It Big, this week, focuses on the Bangalore-based Page Industries, the exclusive licensee of the US - based Jockey International Inc.
Post your opinion here
Making It Big
Making It Big, this week, focuses on the Bangalore-based Page Industries , the exclusive licensee of the US - based Jockey International Inc. Promoted by Sundar Genomal, it manufactures and distributes innerwear, leisurewear for men and women under the brand name of ‘Jockey’ in India, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh, UAE and Nepal. The company has carved a niche for itself by changing the rules of the game in the Rs 16,500-crore innerwear industry. This story shows you how to challenge the market with innovative strategies and emerge successful.
Page Industries stock price
On August 22, 2014, Page Industries closed at Rs 7350.45, up Rs 0.45, or 0.01 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 8195.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 3870.05.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 147.91 per share as per the quarter ended March 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 49.7. The latest book value of the company is Rs 259.10 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 28.37.
RELATED NEWS

See Nifty rangebound for 6-12 mos  avoid PSU banks: Dalton08:00 am
UR Bhat of Dalton Capital expects the Nifty to be rangebound between 7700 and 8200 over the next 6-12 months, even as the market is in the midst of a multi-year bull run.
In an interview with CNBC-TV18’s Latha Venkatesh and Sonia Shenoy, he said there was a new-found confidence among Indian corporates.
He is bullish on private sector banks and engineering companies. He recommends staying away from PSU banks as they are saddled with bad loans and do not have enough capital.
Below is the verbatim transcript of the interview:
Q: Up until 7,800, people were talking about caution and a deep correction. At 8,000 people are not talking about so much caution, Anuj Singhal was telling us that the market is relatively less hedged, is this a right stance to take, is it that the economy is genuinely turning or for the moment is it preparing for a big shock?
A: The indications that things are getting better whether it is the gross domestic product (GDP) growth rate that we saw for Q1 or even exports that we saw, inflation is at least not rising, probably mildly following the balance of payments is very good. The fiscal deficit also seems to be under control, everything seems to be falling in place plus also the corporate India has new enthusiasm, new confidence that things are changing and they are just short of announcing new investment plans, which is the ultimate test for a bull market. All that is happening.
Also, the fact is that the last quarter corporate results are also not bad except a couple of them. Most of them were reasonably outright. So there is a new found confidence that India is in the move and that is what is taking the market up and nothing suggests that there needs to be a U-turn on this. Therefore, market should start going up but may not be at one shot. It will stabilise over here, maybe a small correction here and there but it is on the path to probably 8,200 pretty soon.
Q: There is new found confidence in the entire cyclical basket as well, be it capital goods, be it banks etc. What are the stocks or what are the sectors that you would now be recommending to investors who have still not piled on to cyclicals?
A: In cyclicals, one needs to take a look at the engineering companies, the EPC contractors -- of course, the private sector banks are certainly going to be there plus in the old sort of defensives, pharmaceutical seems to be a good place but in the cylical space, EPC, engineering, infrastructure, metals and mining are worth watching for sometime but if the Supreme Court (SC) gives the right cues, that should look quite good. These are the sort of sectors one needs to be bullish on if one believes that this new-found confidence will take us further.
Q: Did you read the early arguments made by the Attorney General in the court? They have requested the court for 46 blocks to be not de-allocated, the rest they don’t mind and also they have suggested that a penalty would be in order. Do you think that things are getting sorted out without too much of a disruption?
A: Absolutely, we need to put a lid on to all these controversies. Some wrongs might have been done but they can always be addressed through penalties and that is what they are suggesting. Plus, if you say everything is illegal and you cancel all the allocations then we start all over again, what happens to projects that are already half way down there and have already started producing? That is a very sensible thing that the Attorney General has suggested and if there is a new auction other than those which are already under production or very close to production, that is the right way to go. That is a very sensible approach to this problem, which has been hanging for too long.
Q: The other big internal we have this morning is the way the auto sales have picked up especially the medium and heavy commercial vehicle (MHCV) sales. Within that space, what would your preference be now considering that so many of the stocks have already rallied so much?
A: They have rallied but these are the early indications that the economy is getting back into shape especially the HCVs because the two-wheelers and the passenger cars are doing well for quite sometime now but the HCV is the best indicator that there is confidence to buy new commercial vehicles. So I think they are the ones which are doing better, you can see the growth numbers, the stocks which are able to grow their sales much faster, they are the ones you need to be invested in. Valuation is always an argument, the best stocks you will never get cheap but if you have that confidence that the market is going to give you good returns, they are the stocks incrementally that will give you even better returns. Therefore, this valuation is not exactly great argument when in bull markets and we are in one.
RELATED NEWS

Palred Technologies: Outcome of board meetingSep 02, 2014, 09.07 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Palred Technologies: Outcome of board meeting
Palred Technologies Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on September 01, 2014, has considered and approved the appointment of Ms. Amala M as Non-executive Independent Director of the Company.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Palred Technologies: Outcome of board meeting
Palred Technologies Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on September 01, 2014, has considered and approved the appointment of Ms. Amala M as Non-executive Independent Director of the Company.
Post your opinion here
 
Palred Technologies Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on September 01, 2014, inter alia, has considered and approved the following:1. Appointment of Ms. Amala M as Non-executive Independent Director of the Company.2. Re- Appointment of M/s Walker Chandiok & Co., LLP as statutory Auditors of the Company.3. The draft notice of 15th Annual General Meeting (AGM) to be held on September 29, 2014 at 10:00 AM at the registered office of the company at Banjara Hills, Hyderabad- 500034 and draft Directors Report and Corporate Governance Report.4. Change in the nomenclature of Nomination Committee as Nomination and Remuneration Committee and Investor Relations Committee as Stakeholders Relationship Committee and their re-constitution.Source : BSE

Indian rupee opens at 60.58 per dollarSep 02, 2014, 09.06 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Indian rupee opens at 60.58 per dollar
The USD/INR pair continues to trade in 60-61/dollar range.  The appreciating bias should continue, says Ashutosh Raina of HDFC Bank.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Indian rupee opens at 60.58 per dollar
The USD/INR pair continues to trade in 60-61/dollar range.  The appreciating bias should continue, says Ashutosh Raina of HDFC Bank.
Post your opinion here
 
The Indian rupee opened marginally lower at 60.58 per dollar on Tuesday as against previous day's closing value of 60.52 a dollar.
Ashutosh Raina of HDFC Bank said, "The better than expected GDP number of 5.7 percent came as a pleasant surprise to the markets and was cheered across asset classes.”
“This is coupled with good trade deficit numbers announced yesterday. The USD/INR pair continues to trade in 60-61/dollar range.  The appreciating bias should continue,” he said.
According to Emkay report, SPOT USDINR prices are expected to have support at 60.40 levels and prices can again bounce to 60.60 and breakout above 60.60 will take prices further higher towards 60.70 levels. As far as prices are holding 60.30 level, outlook can remain positive. Only a close below 60.30 can turn the outlook further weak.
Meanwhile, the euro languishes at one-year lows, following an aimless session overnight with market activity severely hampered by a holiday in the US.
RELATED NEWS

Attached to the concept and need for women empowerment  girl child education: Modi to Japan#narendra modi #modi japan visit #japan #women empowerment #girl child education #tracking the modi government
Tokyo: On the fourth day of his visit to Japan, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday interacted with students of Sacred Heart University in Tokyo and stressed on the need for women empowerment.
At an all women's college in Tokyo, Modi listed steps taken by him for girl-child education and women empowerment. He said, "I am deeply passionate about the cause of educating the girl child. When I became the Prime Minister, I left Rs 78 crore for the Gujarat government to use in the field of girl-child education."
Referring to his Cabinet where External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj is a woman, he said. "I have 25% women in my Cabinet. Our Foreign Minister is also a lady. We have legal arrangements in India to involve women in decision making."
He also gave cited example of Asian countries where women have held top government roles. "In Asian countries be it India, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, Pakistan, Indonesia there have been women who have served in top government roles," he added.
Modi will meet leaders of other political parties in Japan today. He is set to deliver a keynote address at the Japan India Association and inaugurate the Vivekanand Cultural Centre.

J&K: Heavy firing underway between security forces and terrorists in PulwamaMuzaffarnagar riot victims to sell houses at throwaway prices, live in ghettos 16 hours 56 minutes ago
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Its right times to buy at this dips   giving the opertunity to buy at ...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

My target 1 ..185 achieved..hold for 190..192New Member
0 Follower
Dear Sir,Good Morning.have been watching your postings and they are reaching ur targets. Hatesoff  to you. Kindly guide me whether shall i buy apollo in futures at cmp or shall i wait. do you expect any nifty consolidation. Your helping hand and guidance is highly appreciated.
In reply to : chanakyas message
10.09 AM Sep 2nd

Intraday target ... sureshot 78 !!Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Sensex opens marginally in the greenSensex breaches 27,000-mark. Pharma, cement, and telecom stocks steal the show
Mumbai, Sept 2:  
Sensex gained 152 points to register a new record high, while Nifty was up 55 points to 8,083.
The benchmark index opened on a positive note at 26888 against the previous close of 26868. It touched a high of 27083 and low of 26886 and closed 27019.
The turnover on BSE was up Rs 3,355 crore against Rs 2,941 crore on Monday.
The market rally was led by cement, telecom and pharma stocks with signs of overall improvement in economy. The fall in current account deficit and dip in the international crude oil prices signalled a positive trend.
Maruti Suzuki India lost 0.09 per cent to Rs 2,913 as the company during market hours said it will open bookings for the mid-sized premium sedan Ciaz from tomorrow. Ciaz will be available in petrol and diesel fuel options.
Coal India fell 0.47 per cent to 365 even as the company said during market hours that the coal production of the company and its subsidiary companies at 34.54 million tonnes in August was 98 per cent of the target.
Current Account Deficit narrowed sharply to $7.8 billion or 1.7 per cent of GDP in June quarter from $21.8 billion or 4.8 per cent of GDP in the same period last year. The lower CAD was primarily on account of a contraction in the trade deficit contributed by a rise in exports and a decline in imports.
The major gainers were Coromandel International (10%), Cipla (5%), Suzlon (5%), Petronet (5%), Bharati Airtel (4%), Grasim (4%), IRB (4%), Jain Irrigation (4%), Century Textile (4%), Titan (4%) and Apollo Tyre (4%).
Prominent losers were Bhushan Steel (-5%), Jindal Steel (-3%), Indian Hotel (-2%) and REC Ltd (-2%).
(This article was published on September 2, 2014)

Mere blood mein money hai: PM Narendra ModiDGCA cracks down on Jet Airways, threatens to cancel licences of nearly 140 pilots
Last month, one of Jet Airways' planes plunged several thousand feet while flying over Turkey.

Andhra Pradesh capital to be built between Guntur & VijayawadaDGCA cracks down on Jet Airways, threatens to cancel licences of nearly 140 pilots
Last month, one of Jet Airways' planes plunged several thousand feet while flying over Turkey.

Spare 46  cancel rest: Govt to SC on coal blocksDGCA cracks down on Jet Airways, threatens to cancel licences of nearly 140 pilots
Last month, one of Jet Airways' planes plunged several thousand feet while flying over Turkey.

Air India Rs 100 ticket offer: Airline website up and running  finallyDGCA cracks down on Jet Airways, threatens to cancel licences of nearly 140 pilots
Last month, one of Jet Airways' planes plunged several thousand feet while flying over Turkey.

Irresistible Liverpool trounce Tottenham Hotspur  Aston Villa winDGCA cracks down on Jet Airways, threatens to cancel licences of nearly 140 pilots
Last month, one of Jet Airways' planes plunged several thousand feet while flying over Turkey.

UPSC prelims: Aspirants say paper remains biased towards English-medium studentsDGCA cracks down on Jet Airways, threatens to cancel licences of nearly 140 pilots
Last month, one of Jet Airways' planes plunged several thousand feet while flying over Turkey.

Japan wages jump most since 1997Any questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

New Zealand commodities sink to 17-month lowAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Iliad and allies eye fresh T-Mobile US bid© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/269d85c8-31e5-11e4-a19b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BSE m-cap on cusp of Rs 100L cr |  Sensex can hit 30K by MarchYou are here: Home > Collections
Market capitalisation of BSE companies may touch Rs 100 lakh crore in coming weeks
Jwalit Vyas, ET Bureau Sep 2, 2014, 09.36AM IST
Tags:
dollar
(In the last one year, the…)
In the last one year, the total market capitalisation of all the BSE listed companies has increased from Rs 57.93 lakh crore to Rs 93.8 lakh crore, an increase of 62%, due to strong foreign fund inflows and increase in the promoter shareholding.
In terms of US dollar, the gain is even higher at 83.3% as the rupee has also appreciated from its all-time low of 69 against the dollar that it made in the end of August 2013 as the fear of a widening trade deficit and high corporate leverage led to outflow of FII money.
At present, the rupee is 60.4 against the US dollar. In terms of the dollar, BSE companies' market cap stood at $1,533 billion on August 28, 2014. Banks, IT and oil and gas are the biggest contributors as each of these industries has gained Rs 3-4 lakh crore in the last one year.
Company-wise, the biggest contributors to this include TCS , ONGC , Tata Motors, ICICI Bank, SBI, Sesa Sterlite and L&T. With the improved economic outlook, the experts expect at least $12 billion FII infl ow in addition to $12 billion of FII money which has already come into the Indian equity market since the beginning of the year till date.
In this case, a total market capitalisation of Rs 100 lakh crore may be just a matter of days.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Varanasi turns into realty hotspot | 100 days: PM can be match-winner  says pollYou are here: Home > Collections
PM Narendra Modi's promise to develop Varanasi into smart city turns it into realty hotspot overnight
Ravi Teja Sharma, ET Bureau Sep 2, 2014, 09.10AM IST
Tags:
Ajay Mangal
(A top executive of an international…)
NEW DELHI: For many, Varanasi is about salvation — its ghats, temples and narrow, dingy bylanes give the spiritually oriented a mystical high. These days, however, India's oldest town is on a high itself as it turns into a real estate hotspot, buoyed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi's promise of making it a 'smart city'.
A top executive of an international realty consultant says he has been receiving frantic calls from his hotel clients in the past few days, enquiring about land prices and possible deals in the city.
Builders creating land banks in city
Among them is EIH Ltd , owner of the Oberoi hotels, which plans to build a luxury property there. PRS Oberoi, the 80-year-old chairman of the group that boasts of properties such as Udaivilas in Udaipur and Vanyavilas in Ranthambore, says: "Varanasi doesn't have enough good hotels. It makes a lot of sense to go there... There is more and more interest in the city now because of the recent announcements," he says.
Oberoi isn't the only one eyeing business in the city. American hotel chain Starwood's India head Dilip Puri says he has asked his development team to visit the city and scout for opportunities. "We are looking for partners... There is potential for both, domestic and international business," adds Lokesh Sabharwal, vice-president for the Indian sub-continent for French hotel chain Accor.
Property brokers say prices of land in and around the city have already started to rise with builders and investors beginning to create land banks. One biswa (1,360 sq ft) of land in areas such as Mohan Sarai on the outskirts, which was priced at Rs 12 lakh three months ago is now going for Rs 15 lakh, a rise of 25%. A broker says a bungalow he sold for Rs 2.5 crore in Ravindrapuri, the neighbourhood where the PM has set up his local office, is getting quoted forRs 3.25 crore since a month it was sold.
Investors and moneyed people from Bihar, UP and Haryana are on the lookout for land on the city's outskirts hoping they will sell them for a profit to builders as well as hoteliers as development rolls in. Delhi-based builder Amrapali says it has hastened plans to construct a township on the outskirts of the city after Varanasi was declared one of 100 smart cities the Modi government proposed to build. Last week, Modi signed an agreement with Shinzo Abe to have Kyoto as a partner in the development of Varanasi, which is represented in the Parliament by the PM.
The Japanese town, which is also known as the 'city of ten thousand shrines', has been redeveloped into a modern city while keeping its temples intact. Modi wants Varanasi to learn from that experience. Local property brokers say announcements such as these have raised the curiosity of people and there has been a spurt in interest from investors in Uttar Pradesh and from neighbourings states of Bihar and Haryana, and even from distant Hyderabad and Mumbai. "I've shown land to several small investors from Haryana and UP in the last two months.
They want to buy land and sell them later as plots. They know land is still cheap on the outskirts," says property broker Harish Jaiswal , who runs Satyam Property Dealers in the city. Another broker VK Singh , who operates from the Nadesar area of Varanasi says people from Hyderabad and Mumbai have been visiting to look at opportunities to set up commercial and industrial projects around the city, closer to the airport.
Right after the elections, Singh got enquiries from people looking to build hotels and colleges around Varanasi. A CEO of a real estate firm in Gurgaon, who did not wish to be named, says Varanasi is the talk of the town today especially in the real estate circles. "People have confidence in what the Japanese can do. They are hopeful of a transformation."
While the city itself might be congested, brokers say it has ample opportunity to expand on two sides— on the 22-kilometre road between the city and the airport and on the highway to Allahabad . Jaiswal says even locals are stirring up the action. Last month, he sold a bungalow built on 3,200 sq ft of land (or around 355 sq yards) for Rs 2.5 crore to a local businessman. Now the new owner is getting offers the buy the house at a much steeper prices—Rs 3.25 crore.
That's a neat 30% jump in one month riding on the back of all the euphoria. The potential is huge. "Varanasi can be a big centre for silk trading. If just one or two infrastructure and other cleaning activities start, the city will be on fire," says Ajay Mangal , director and chief executive officer of Delhi real estate firm MG Housing, which is in the process of buying 500 acres around Varanasi towards the airport for a future mixed-use development.
Noida-based builder Amrapali, which already has several projects in adjoining Bihar, is close to finalising a deal for buying a large chunk of land to build a township in Varanasi, says Shiv Priya, executive director of the company. For hotels, the lure is manifold. While there is hope that business travel will rise, untapped potential of the Buddhist circuit, of which it is the Centre and the city's ghats and temples is a big draw.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mkts@record high: Nifty holds above 8000; pharma  banks leadAuto
(All the sectoral indices,…)
MUMBAI: The Nifty hit a fresh record all-time high as its opened on a positive note for fourth consecutive session. All the sectoral indices, barring the IT sector, are in the green with pharmaceuticals, banks and auto leading the upmove.
"The indices seem to have no choice but to hit new highs. With the Nifty managing to end above the 8,000 mark, the next number being eyed is a market cap of over Rs 100 lakh crore for the BSE which is now close to Rs94 lakh crore," said IIFL report.
"Some profit booking could always set in later in the day. With lack of cues from the US market as Wall Street was closed, investors are paying more attention to the other data like European Manufacturing which has weakened and Germany's GDP which has shrunk," the report added.
At 09:16 a.m.; the 50-share index was at 8,045, up 17.40 points or 0.22 per cent. It touched all-time high of 8,048.65 and a low of 8,037.45 in early trade.
The S&P BSE Sensex was at 26,925.36, up 57.81 points or 0.22 per cent. It touched all-time high of 26,949.08 and a low of 26,886.22 in early trade.
The BSE Midcap Index was up 0.36 per cent and the S&P BSE Smallcap Index gained 0.52 per cent.
Among the sectoral indices, the S&P BSE Healthcare Index was up 0.62 per cent, the S&P BSE Auto Index was up 0.24 per cent and the S&P BSE Capital goods Index gained 0.21 per cent.
The S&P BSE IT Index was down 0.26 per cent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Apple  FBI investigate Jennifer Lawrence  Kate Upton  others nude photo hackApple, FBI investigate Jennifer Lawrence, Kate Upton, others nude photo hack
AFP  Los Angeles, September 02, 2014
First Published: 09:01 IST(2/9/2014) | Last Updated: 09:06 IST(2/9/2014)
Comments
The FBI and Apple were urgently investigating Monday after an apparent massive hack of a cloud data service unleashed a torrent of intimate pictures of dozens of celebrities across the Internet.
Anonymous posters to online message boards boasted of having nude images of scores of female stars including Oscar-winner Jennifer Lawrence and top model Kate Upton.
Reports suggested hackers had "ripped" private images from Apple's iCloud online data storage, a potentially embarrassing -- and damaging -- breach for the California tech giant.
"We take user privacy very seriously and are actively investigating this report," said Apple spokeswoman Natalie Kerris, the Re/code website reported.
The FBI has also joined the hunt, other US reports said.
Read: Jennifer Lawrence, Selena Gomez caught in naked photo scandal
"The FBI is aware of the allegations concerning computer intrusions and the unlawful release of material involving high profile individuals, and is addressing the matter," The Los Angeles Times quoted Laura Eimiller, spokeswoman for the FBI in Los Angeles, as saying.
"Any further comment would be inappropriate at this time," she added.
Some of the pictures had previously been circulated on message forums, and others appeared fake, but some major stars expressed outrage and threatened legal action.
"This is a flagrant violation of privacy. The authorities have been contacted and will prosecute anyone who posts the stolen photos of Jennifer Lawrence," Lawrence's agent told entertainment media.
Upton's lawyer, Lawrence Shore, told Us Magazine: "We intend to pursue anyone disseminating or duplicating these images to the fullest extent possible."
By late Sunday, Twitter had begun suspending accounts that linked to the Lawrence photos, tech news site Mashable reported.
Among the scores of celebrities whose pictures were allegedly stolen were singer Avril Lavigne, actress Hayden Panettiere and United States soccer star Hope Solo.
Former Nickelodeon star and singer Victoria Justice said the images claiming to show her nude were anything but the real deal.
"These so called nudes of me are FAKE people. Let me nip this in the bud right now. *pun intended*" she tweeted.
A spokesperson for actress and pop star Ariana Grande told BuzzFeed that images said to be of her are "completely fake."
'Creepy effort'
But horror movie actress Mary Elizabeth Winstead confirmed that some of her private pictures were in circulation and condemned those who stole them and who circulated them.
"To those of you looking at photos I took with my husband years ago in the privacy of our home, hope you feel great about yourselves," she tweeted.
"Knowing those photos were deleted long ago, I can only imagine the creepy effort that went into this. Feeling for everyone who got hacked."
The scale of the breach became apparent on Sunday when users of the 4chan message board, a diverse online community that has been criticized in the past for misogyny, began sharing pictures.
Some more mainstream news and entertainment sites took up the story -- and some linked to the images before taking them down amid legal threats and public outrage.
According to a report on news and gossip site Gawker, users of a AnonIB -- an anonymous photo-sharing platform -- have been boasting of a hack since last week.
Some users, hiding behind pseudonyms, made an apparent attempt to sell the pictures or to trade them with fellow hackers for others.
Security hole?
Tech news site The Next Web reported what it said was evidence that hackers had found a weakness in Apple's "Find my iPhone" service, an app that tracks lost or stolen handsets.
Apple has patched the alleged hole, the report said, but not before news of it spread in the hacker community, perhaps allowing unscrupulous strangers to access private online data.
But other reports suggested that the pictures could have been collated from multiple sources, perhaps not including iCloud at all, and may have been gathered over several years.
News site Deadspin said it had been contacted in early August by a source claiming he had been offered the pictures for sale.
The scale of the hack, and the targeting of women in the public eye, quickly revived the debate on social media about privacy concerns and about misogyny on the Internet.
The scandal also posed a public relations challenge to tech companies, who have been marketing online storage like iCloud, DropBox or GoogleDrive as a safe haven for users' private data.
Several popular tech blogs marked the story by providing advice on storing private data safely, by using advanced encryption and two-step password identification or by keeping it offline.

Living patient declared dead in Aligarh hospital  spends 3 days in mortuaryLiving patient declared dead in Aligarh hospital, spends 3 days in mortuary
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Aligarh, September 02, 2014
First Published: 00:07 IST(2/9/2014) | Last Updated: 08:40 IST(2/9/2014)
Doctors in a hospital in Aligarh declared a patient, who was admitted there for treatment, as dead. When the police arrived three days later, the patient was lying in the mortuary alive.
Advertisement
A Khair police station constable got an unknown patient admitted to Malkhan Singh district hospital in Aligarh on August 20. The patient was mentally-challenged and his legs were fractured in an accident. He was not in a position to speak as well.
On August 29, the doctors declared him dead and the next day sent a memo to the Bannadevi police station informing about his death. The body was sent to the hospital mortuary and the doors were closed. The Bannadevi police station informed the Khair police station about the death of the patient.
The Khair police waited for 72 hours for the man to be identified. On Monday, when the police went to the mortuary to check up on the 'dead' body, the man was lying on the mortuary floor, without food or water for days.
The hospital administration, however, was trying to hush up the matter, and refused to reveal the name of the doctor who had declared the patient dead. Chief medical superintendent RD Khare told HT that the memo was issued for another unknown patient who had died earlier.
"We could not ascertain which doctor made the mistake but the negligence will not be overlooked. The senior doctors will conduct an inquiry and the guilty will be punished," he said.

Nifty Hits 8 050  Sensex Races Toward 27 000BSE Sensex and Nifty rose today to fresh record highs amid optimism over recovery in the Indian economy after the first quarter growth surged to nine-quarter high.
Sensex and Nifty clocked fresh record highs of 26,982.63 and 8,067.15 today.
Foreign investors, key drivers of the market rally this year, have bought shares worth $13 billion, or nearly Rs 78,000 crore, in 2014 so far despite some geopolitical tensions, on continued optimism about an improving economy and expectations that the Narendra Modi government will usher in significant reforms. On Monday, foreign investors bought Indian equities worth Rs 554 crore.
Analysts remain positive on the markets in the short-term see some profit-taking surfacing at higher remains.
Gaurang Shah, assistant vice president at Geojit BNP Paribas Financial Services, said good macro data like GDP numbers, foreign inflows and fall in oil prices are driving Indian markets. But he sees some profit-taking at 8,100 levels for Nifty.
Technical analyst Sarvendra Srivasatava sees markets heading higher in short-term but says 8050-8100 level remains the resistance zone for Nifty.
Cipla surged over 6 per cent to be the biggest Nifty gainer. Cipla on Monday launched its generic drug used for treatment of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease in Germany and Sweden. While the drug - Salmeterol/Fluticasone MDI - will be sold under the Serroflo brand in Germany, it will be marketed as Salmeterol/Fluticasone Cipla in Sweden, Cipla said in a statement. The combined market size of the drug is estimated around $100 million.
Cement stocks were also among gainers after core sector data for July indicated that cement production grew 16.4 per cent during the month. UltraTech, ACC, Grasim Industries and Ambuja Cement rose between 2-3 per cent.
Hero MotoCorp rose 1.7 per cent after August sales jumped 21 per cent. Some buying was also seen in banking stocks with IndusInd Bank and HDFC Bank  gaining between 0.8 per cent and 1.5 per cent.
Some selling pressure was seen in metal stocks with JSPL and Sesa Sterlite down between 1 per cent and 2 per cent.
At 11:23 a.m., Sensex was up 97 points to 26,965 while Nifty rose 33 points to 8,060.
Story first published on: September 02, 2014 11:29 (IST)

Buy Bank Nifty  Sell M&M Today: Sanjeev BhasinThe Nifty is likely to consolidate on Tuesday amid profit taking in Asian markets. The narrowing of current account deficit to 1.7 per cent of GDP should support the rupee and will attract foreign buying.
For today, the following calls could do well,
Buy Bank Nifty: 16000, stop loss 15700, target 16300
Sell M&M: 1395-1405, stop loss 1430, target 1355
We are also carrying yesterday's calls ,
Buy Voltas: 242-246, stop loss 234, target 261
Buy Reliance Industries: 998-1003, stop loss 980, target 1028
Sell BHEL: 239-242, stop loss 247, target 225
Sell BPCL: 690-695, stop loss 708, target 668
Option strategy: Buy Jindal Steel 240 call @ 13-15, stop loss 8, target 28.
Story first published on: September 02, 2014 09:27 (IST)

Google May Bring Android One Devices to India this MonthFacebook Ready to Spend Billions to Bring Whole World Online: CEO Zuckerberg
New Delhi:
Google is expected to launch its much-awaited sub-$100 (around Rs 6,000) smartphones in India this month, which will further intensify competition in the booming multi-billion dollar smart devices market here.
According to an invite sent by the company, Google will make "an exciting new announcement" on September 12.
Sources said meanwhile that the company is going to unveil the sub-$ 100 device.
In June, Google announced its 'Android One' initiative to bring in under-$100 handsets aimed at bringing the next one billion population to the Android operating system ecosystem.
The US-based tech giant had partnered domestic handset makers Micromax, Karbonn and Spice to bring these devices into India by October this year.
The device with Micromax would be a dual-SIM 4.5-inch screen device with a removable SD card, costing less than $100, Google SVP (Android, Chrome and Apps), Sundar Pichai had said at the firm's developers conference in San Francisco.
He had added that while Android One devices will be launched around the world, the initiative would start with India.
According to research firm IDC, smartphone sales in the country grew almost three-fold to over 44 million in 2013, buoyed by affordable devices made by local firms such as Micromax and Karbonn.
In the second quarter of 2014, 18.42 million smartphones were shipped in India. Though Samsung is the leader with a 29 per cent market share, Micromax (18 per cent), Karbonn (8 per cent) and LAVA (6 per cent) are close competitors.
While Android is the dominant operating system globally, other OS' like Windows and iOS (Apple) are also gaining traction. Also, newer platforms like Firefox and Tizen may emerge as strong challengers to Google's platform.
Google's attempts to also important as it aims to capture a larger share of the entry-level segment.
Last week, Firefox (in partnership with Spice and Intex) launched two new smartphones, priced below Rs 2,300, aimed at those looking to upgrade from feature phones to smartphones
Story first published on: September 02, 2014 09:53 (IST)

Anti-trust Probes Not Protectionist: China RegulatorFacebook Ready to Spend Billions to Bring Whole World Online: CEO Zuckerberg
Shanghai:
China's latest antitrust probes, which have hit firms such as Microsoft and Volkswagen AG, are not protectionist tools that favour domestic firms, an official of the country's price regulator told the official China Daily.
In an interview, Xu Kunlin, director general of price supervision and the anti-monopoly bureau at the National Development Reform Commission, reiterated that the agency was giving equal treatment to local and foreign companies.
The probes, which have scrutinized at least 30 foreign firms so far as China seeks to enforce a 2008 anti-monopoly law, have worried US companies enough to appeal to Washington, while the European Union Chamber of Commerce said last month they appeared to be unfairly targeting foreign firms.
"Such accusations are groundless and baseless," the China Daily quoted Xu as saying. "Some of the NDRC monopoly investigations involve overseas multinationals, but that does not mean that we are targeting them.
"Some business operators in China have failed to adjust their practices in accordance with the anti-monopoly law," he added. "Others have a clear understanding of the laws, but they take the chance that they may escape punishment."
He said the NDRC was not targeting any specific industries and was also handling cases involving state-owned firms and Chinese private sector companies.
The automotive industry has been in focus for the last two or three years, he said. Last month, the NDRC slapped a record fine of $201 million on 12 Japanese automakers it said had engaged in price manipulation.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

EU Seeks Rivals  Feedback on Facebook-WhatsApp DealFacebook Ready to Spend Billions to Bring Whole World Online: CEO Zuckerberg
Brussels: EU antitrust regulators are asking Facebook's rivals and telecoms operators whether the world No. 1 online social network's proposed $19 billion bid for mobile messaging startup WhatsApp will lead to price hikes and curb innovation.
The move came after Facebook sought EU approval for the deal, the largest in its 10-year history, which will give it a strong foothold in the fast-growing mobile messaging market and pit it against telecoms companies.
The European Commission said on Monday it will decide by October 3 whether to clear the deal unconditionally, demand concessions or extend the preliminary review into a wider probe.
In a questionnaire sent to third parties and seen by Reuters, the EU regulator asked if the deal would have a negative, neutral or positive impact on users and customers in mobile messaging and social networks.
"If negative, please explain why and what kind of negative impact (for example price increase, deterrence of innovation, etc.)," the document said.
The European Commission also asked if mobile messaging services could substitute traditional voice calls, text messages and emails.
It wanted to know whether Facebook advertisers would be able to switch to another type of advertising in the event of a price increase.
Third parties were asked whether users and rivals would face problems as a result of the deal.
"As a result of the Facebook/WhatsApp transaction, do you expect users of WhatsApp to face greater difficulties in switching to another consumer communications service/app?" the questionnaire asked.
"As a result of the Facebook/WhatsApp transaction, do you expect that it will be more difficult for WhatsApp's competitors to expand their user base or to launch a new consumer communications service/app in the European Economic Area?"
Facebook expects to close the deal this year. US regulators cleared the takeover in April, telling WhatsApp to stick to its current privacy practices after the merger, including not to use users' personal data for targeted ads.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Sensex  Nifty maintain uptrend; Cipla gains 3%  Infosys weakSep 02, 2014, 10.22 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex, Nifty maintain uptrend; Cipla up 3%, Infosys weak
Cipla is up 3 percent followed by Hero, HDFC, Maruti and Tata Power. On the losing side are Dr Reddy's Labs, Infosys, Tata Motors, Wipro and HUL.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex, Nifty maintain uptrend; Cipla up 3%, Infosys weak
Cipla is up 3 percent followed by Hero, HDFC, Maruti and Tata Power. On the losing side are Dr Reddy's Labs, Infosys, Tata Motors, Wipro and HUL.
Post your opinion here
09:15
Moneycontrol Bureau
9:45 am Buzzing: Shares of Cipla touched record high at Rs 575.20 per share, up 8.5 percent intraday as it launched generic drug used for treatment of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease in Germany and Sweden. The drug major’s portfolio includes 2,000 products in 65 therapeutic categories.
Though analysts are impressed by its earlier- than-expected launch, most of them have not yet upgraded Cipla yet. Credit Suisse maintains a neutral rating on it stating base case is already priced in. According to the brokerage, Germany and Sweden are small markets but the launch signifies approval in the UK could be expected by FY15-end.
Credit Suisse estimates that the drug (Advair MDI generic) may generate USD 70 mn sales for Cipla (25 percent market share and 50 percent price erosion). "Competition in the MDI space includes Sandoz, Orion, Chiesi and Mylan. We expect GSK to retain 30 percent of the market share," it says in a report. The drug is a copy of generic version of GlaxoSmithKline's Advair in these countries.
Bank of America Merill Lynch also is expecting launches in more lucrative markets such as UK, France and Spain to follow over the next 12 months. "We believe Advair pMDI will remain a limited-competition opportunity for a prolonged period as Mylan is the only other generic company working on pMDI. Assuming 30 percent price erosion and 30 percent share for Cipla, we believe the firm will generate USD150mn sales at peak level (NPV of Rs 70/share)," it elaborates.
Morgan Stanley is hopeful that the UK would be key to the commercial upside and it being GSK's home market may invite aggressive response from it.
Don't miss: RBI revises Basel III capital norms, halves maturity to 5 yrs
After hitting record high, the market has once again opened on a strong note Tuesday. The Sensex is up 63.58 points at 26931.13 and the Nifty up 17.30 points at 8045. About 694 shares have advanced, 172 shares declined, and 21 shares are unchanged.
Cipla is up 3 percent followed by Hero, HDFC, Maruti and Tata Power. On the losing side are Dr Reddy's Labs, Infosys, Tata Motors, Wipro and HUL.
The Indian rupee opened marginally lower at 60.58 per dollar as against previous day's closing value of 60.52 a dollar.
Ashutosh Raina of HDFC Bank said, "The better than expected GDP number of 5.7 percent came as a pleasant surprise to the markets and was cheered across asset classes. This is coupled with good trade deficit numbers announced yesterday. The USD/INR pair continues to trade in 60-61/dollar range.  The appreciating bias should continue,” he said.
Meanwhile, the euro languishes at one-year lows, following an aimless session overnight with market activity severely hampered by a holiday in the US.
On the macro front, current account deficit for the first quarter came in at 1.7 percent of GDP versus 4.8 percent a year ago. The number is largely in line with expectations but core sector growth slowed down to just 2.7 percent in July.
In commodities, Brent crude prices slipped to 102 dollars a barrel as manufacturing growth faltered in Europe and China at a time of ample supply, although the risk of production setbacks remained high in Libya.
From precious metals space, gold was steady around 1,280 dollars an ounce, after posting a small gain last week. The dollar index was trading near a 13-month high, hurting the metal.
RELATED NEWS

Alstom completes sale of steam auxiliary components activities to TritonSep 02, 2014, 09.23 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Alstom completes sale of steam auxiliary components activities to Triton
Alstom today announces the closing of the sale of its steam auxiliary components business to Triton, a leading European investment firm.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Alstom completes sale of steam auxiliary components activities to Triton
Alstom today announces the closing of the sale of its steam auxiliary components business to Triton, a leading European investment firm.
Post your opinion here
 
ALSTOM India Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of Press Release dated September 01, 2014 titled "Alstom completes the sale of its Steam Auxiliary Components activities to Triton"  Alstom today announces the closing of the sale of its steam auxiliary components business to Triton, a leading European investment firmSource : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Sensex  Nifty maintain uptrend; Cipla up 3%  Infosys weakSep 02, 2014, 10.22 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex, Nifty maintain uptrend; Cipla up 3%, Infosys weak
Cipla is up 3 percent followed by Hero, HDFC, Maruti and Tata Power. On the losing side are Dr Reddy's Labs, Infosys, Tata Motors, Wipro and HUL.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex, Nifty maintain uptrend; Cipla up 3%, Infosys weak
Cipla is up 3 percent followed by Hero, HDFC, Maruti and Tata Power. On the losing side are Dr Reddy's Labs, Infosys, Tata Motors, Wipro and HUL.
Post your opinion here
09:15
Moneycontrol Bureau
9:45 am Buzzing: Shares of Cipla touched record high at Rs 575.20 per share, up 8.5 percent intraday as it launched generic drug used for treatment of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease in Germany and Sweden. The drug major’s portfolio includes 2,000 products in 65 therapeutic categories.
Though analysts are impressed by its earlier- than-expected launch, most of them have not yet upgraded Cipla yet. Credit Suisse maintains a neutral rating on it stating base case is already priced in. According to the brokerage, Germany and Sweden are small markets but the launch signifies approval in the UK could be expected by FY15-end.
Credit Suisse estimates that the drug (Advair MDI generic) may generate USD 70 mn sales for Cipla (25 percent market share and 50 percent price erosion). "Competition in the MDI space includes Sandoz, Orion, Chiesi and Mylan. We expect GSK to retain 30 percent of the market share," it says in a report. The drug is a copy of generic version of GlaxoSmithKline's Advair in these countries.
Bank of America Merill Lynch also is expecting launches in more lucrative markets such as UK, France and Spain to follow over the next 12 months. "We believe Advair pMDI will remain a limited-competition opportunity for a prolonged period as Mylan is the only other generic company working on pMDI. Assuming 30 percent price erosion and 30 percent share for Cipla, we believe the firm will generate USD150mn sales at peak level (NPV of Rs 70/share)," it elaborates.
Morgan Stanley is hopeful that the UK would be key to the commercial upside and it being GSK's home market may invite aggressive response from it.
Don't miss: RBI revises Basel III capital norms, halves maturity to 5 yrs
After hitting record high, the market has once again opened on a strong note Tuesday. The Sensex is up 63.58 points at 26931.13 and the Nifty up 17.30 points at 8045. About 694 shares have advanced, 172 shares declined, and 21 shares are unchanged.
Cipla is up 3 percent followed by Hero, HDFC, Maruti and Tata Power. On the losing side are Dr Reddy's Labs, Infosys, Tata Motors, Wipro and HUL.
The Indian rupee opened marginally lower at 60.58 per dollar as against previous day's closing value of 60.52 a dollar.
Ashutosh Raina of HDFC Bank said, "The better than expected GDP number of 5.7 percent came as a pleasant surprise to the markets and was cheered across asset classes. This is coupled with good trade deficit numbers announced yesterday. The USD/INR pair continues to trade in 60-61/dollar range.  The appreciating bias should continue,” he said.
Meanwhile, the euro languishes at one-year lows, following an aimless session overnight with market activity severely hampered by a holiday in the US.
On the macro front, current account deficit for the first quarter came in at 1.7 percent of GDP versus 4.8 percent a year ago. The number is largely in line with expectations but core sector growth slowed down to just 2.7 percent in July.
In commodities, Brent crude prices slipped to 102 dollars a barrel as manufacturing growth faltered in Europe and China at a time of ample supply, although the risk of production setbacks remained high in Libya.
From precious metals space, gold was steady around 1,280 dollars an ounce, after posting a small gain last week. The dollar index was trading near a 13-month high, hurting the metal.
RELATED NEWS

Nifty likely to test 8080-8120: Arihant CapitalLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nifty likely to test 8080-8120: Arihant Capital
According to a report by Arihant Capital, on the upside, if Nifty for first hour trades above 8035 level then momentum on the upside is likely to continue. In such scenario, Nifty is likely to test 8080 - 8120 levels.
Post your opinion here
 
Arihant Capital's technical report:
The current price action on the daily chart suggests that the momentum on the upside is likely to continue. On the upside, if Nifty for first hour trades above 8035 level then momentum on the upside is likely to continue. In such scenario, Nifty is likely to test 8080 - 8120 levels. On the downside, 7980 - 7920 levels may act as support for the day
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Top South America Hackers Rattle Peru s CabinetTouchdown. NFL fans rejoiced with the start of football season on Thursday. This year's Super Bowl champions, the...
Stephen Brashear/AP Photo

The key difference between Indian and Chinese students studying in the USIndia sends more students to US universities than any other country but China.Reuters/Brian Snyder
SHARE
Saptarishi Dutta @saptarishidutta
September 2, 2014
India and China already compete over global influence and natural resources. Here’s a new area of rivalry—the number of students each has in America.
From 2008-12, India sent 168,034 students to the US, accounting for 15% of the total foreign students studying there,  according to a new Brookings Institution report . This number is second only to China’s 284,173 students enrolled in various programs in US universities during the same period.
Share
Tap image to zoom
The reasons students from the two countries opt to head to the US are different, though. Most Indian students arrive in the US to complete a graduate degree. Very few—only 10%— attend an undergraduate or doctoral program. On the other hand, 44% of Chinese students head to the US as soon as they finish secondary school and pursue research more often than Indian students.
Share
Tap image to zoom
As for choice of disciplines, technical programs, known as STEM (short for science, technology, engineering and mathematics) are a clear favorite for Indian students. Around 32% of Indian students are enrolled in engineering programs, compared with just 17% of Chinese students. In fact, Hyderabad is the top source of STEM students in the US with 20,840 students (though the city’s figures might be inflated by other factors ). Overall, non-technical programs are more popular among Chinese students, with 61% of them enrolling in non-tech subjects like business and marketing.
Indian students’ love of technical subjects isn’t surprising, given India’s thriving outsourcing industry. The country has  more computer programmers than Silicon Valley .
Share
Tap image to zoom
However, obtaining an education may not be the sole reason Chinese students flock to the US. After completing their education in the US, most Chinese students don’t want to move back to China, thanks to a cocktail of adverse political and social factors back home. They wish to stay and work in the U.S. first—and this  temporary stay often translates to a longer or a permanent stay . A study by consultant Bain & Co. shows that around  60% of wealthy Chinese want to leave China .
Attitudes in India are markedly different. Indians graduating abroad aren’t as apprehensive about coming back to the country due to political or social considerations. In fact, when it comes to India, it seems that a cycle of reverse brain drain is slowly kicking in . Many Indians are returning home to work in investment banks, consultancy firms and large media organizations.
Share this:

Pakistan crisis: Nawaz Sharif refuses to step downPakistan's premier challenged by raging protests
By ZARAR KHAN and ASIF SHAHZAD | Associated Press –  Tue 2 Sep, 2014
Recommend
Print
ISLAMABAD (AP) — Ahead of a joint session of parliament, Pakistan's prime minister and army chief held marathon meetings Monday over violent anti-government protests that could force the premier of this nuclear-armed country to resign.
Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif again vowed he would not step down under duress, even as protesters briefly took over the country's state-run television broadcaster and battled security forces in the streets. But the pressure from three days of violent protests on Sharif has intensified amid reports — later denied by the military — that the country's powerful army chief advised him to resign.
The parliamentary session Tuesday appears to be an attempt to rally political support to the prime minister's side. While many politicians have backed him so far, many in the country increasingly have grown worried about the protests and the direction of the nascent democracy in the country of 180 million people.
The turmoil comes as part of the mass demonstrations led by cleric Tahir-ul-Qadri and opposition politician Imran Khan, who both demand Sharif step down over their allegations of fraud in last year's election. Their protests, which have been peaceful for weeks, turned ugly this weekend when clashes between protesters and security forces killed three people and wounded some 400 in running street battles in Pakistan's capital, Islamabad.
Monday began with more violence.
Demonstrators briefly took over Pakistan's state television station, forcing the channel off the air. Senior official Athar Farooq said 20 cameras went missing as protesters overran the station, armed with sticks and screaming. The intruders also destroyed equipment and fought with employees.
Several protesters also took down a portrait of Sharif from a wall, threw it on the floor and stomped on it in anger.
Soldiers and paramilitary Rangers later reached the building and began to clear it of protesters. Some private television stations showed footage of protesters embracing the Rangers and agreeing to leave.
The rallies against Sharif constitute the biggest threat to his government. Several rounds of negotiations between representatives of Khan and Qadri and the government have failed to resolve the crisis.
The two opposition leaders allege widespread fraud in the country's May 2013 election, in which Sharif's party won by a landslide. International observers found no evidence indicating rampant election tampering.
Rumors swirled around the capital Monday after several television stations reported that the military forced Sharif to leave office, something the army later called "totally baseless."
But questions about whether the military has played a role in fomenting the crisis intensified after a news conference by Javed Hashmi, who until Sunday was a top ally of Khan and the president of his political party, Pakistan Tehrik-e-Insaf.
Hashmi said he disagreed with the party's decision to march late Saturday toward the prime minister's house and parliament, which sparked the clashes with police. He also has warned Pakistan is moving dangerously close toward martial law being implemented. On Monday, he described Khan's protest movements as being scripted.
He also said he opposed joining Qadri's protest. But touching his shoulder, in reference to the epaulettes military officers wear, Hashmi said Khan told him: "They want us to go with Tahir-ul-Qadri."
Khan has denied any outside influence on his protest. The military also categorically rejected the idea that they backed the protesters and said their support for democracy was "unequivocal."
However, Pakistan's military wields a powerful influence in the country. It has taken power in three coups since the country was carved out of India in 1947, including one that forced Sharif out of the prime minister's office in 1999 and into exile.
Sharif's relations with the military have become increasingly rocky over his year in power. He infuriated them by pressing treason charges against former army chief Pervez Musharraf, who toppled him in 1999. The prime minister has pursued strengthened diplomatic ties with India, the country's longtime advisory, and pursued peace talks with Taliban militants who have launched many attacks against the country's security forces. He also sided with a private television station that accused the country's spy agency of trying to kill a top anchor.
Critics also have questioned Sharif's handling of the crisis, saying he has failed to show enough leadership.
"He has always been missing tactically at the critical junctures, and somebody else, whether it is the army or Qadri or Imran, has always been there to occupy his space," read an editorial in Monday's edition of The Nation, one of the country's leading English-language newspapers. "It is his relentless absence that has engulfed him, ravaged his legitimacy and torn him apart politically."
___
Associated Press writer Anjum Naveed contributed to this report.
Recommend

Tatra deal: Tejinder arrested after Delhi court dismisses bail pleaTatra deal: Tejinder arrested after Delhi court dismisses bail plea
Chaos hits DDA s mega housing offerChaos hits DDA s mega housing offer
Tokyo to give $35 billion for infrastructure projectsTokyo to give $35 billion for infrastructure projects
This month target 350 buy 330 ceCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Plz provide link of news of zee businessCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Please reply sir....thanksCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Fire at multi-storey building in KolkataFire at multi-storey building in Kolkata; no reports of death
Abhishek Law
Fire brigade personnel trying to douse the fire at 16th floor of Chatterjee International building in Kolkata on Tuesday morning. Photo: Ashoke Chakrabarty
Kolkata, Sept 2:  
A major fire broke out at a 24-storey high-rise building in central Kolkata area this morning.
According to sources, the fire broke out around 9 a.m. between the 12th and 15th floors of 24-floor Chatterjee International - once considered as the tallest building in Kolkata.
The building houses mostly offices and commercial establishments.
Around 15 fire tenders have been pressed into action to douse the flames. According to a senior official of Kolkata police, the fire has been doused.
According to State Disaster Management Minister, Javed Ahmed Khan, about seven people who were trapped inside the building have been rescued and three of them sent to the nearby state-run SSKM Hospital. There have been no reports of death.
Traffic along the Park Street - JL Nehru stretch (where the building is located) has been diverted and the area has been cordoned off.
(This article was published on September 2, 2014)

V2 Retail CEO steps downV2 Retail CEO steps down
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 2:  
V2 Retail in a communication to the stock exchange said that Dinesh Kumar Malpani had tendered his resignation to the board on August 9 from the post of CEO with effect from August 4.
(This article was published on September 2, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.

Alstom sells pre-heater unit for Rs 51 crAlstom sells pre-heater unit for Rs 51 cr
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 2:  
The board of Alstom India has approved the sale of its air pre-heaters and industrial mills (auxiliary components undertaking) business to OAK Energy India (the Indian entity specified by Triton) for Rs 51.3 crore.
The transfer and sale is as a going concern on a slump-sale basis for a lumpsum consideration in cash, without values being assigned to individual assets and liabilities, the company said in a filing to the stock exchange.
(This article was published on September 2, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.

Gammon Infra QIP issueWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.

Pak infiltrators out there somewhere in the forestwaiting  just like usDGCA cracks down on Jet Airways, threatens to cancel licences of nearly 140 pilots
Last month, one of Jet Airways' planes plunged several thousand feet while flying over Turkey.

Fire engulfs one of oldest multi-storey buildings in KolkataDGCA cracks down on Jet Airways, threatens to cancel licences of nearly 140 pilots
Last month, one of Jet Airways' planes plunged several thousand feet while flying over Turkey.

Its official: Amit Shah not to meet Uddhav Thackeray during Mumbai visitDGCA cracks down on Jet Airways, threatens to cancel licences of nearly 140 pilots
Last month, one of Jet Airways' planes plunged several thousand feet while flying over Turkey.

BSE Sensex  NSE Nifty hit all-time records in early tradeDGCA cracks down on Jet Airways, threatens to cancel licences of nearly 140 pilots
Last month, one of Jet Airways' planes plunged several thousand feet while flying over Turkey.

Cipla jumps 8.7 pct after key generic launchDGCA cracks down on Jet Airways, threatens to cancel licences of nearly 140 pilots
Last month, one of Jet Airways' planes plunged several thousand feet while flying over Turkey.

Prithviraj Chavan blames Centre for power crisisDGCA cracks down on Jet Airways, threatens to cancel licences of nearly 140 pilots
Last month, one of Jet Airways' planes plunged several thousand feet while flying over Turkey.

US eating habits improve a bit wealth gap except among poorDGCA cracks down on Jet Airways, threatens to cancel licences of nearly 140 pilots
Last month, one of Jet Airways' planes plunged several thousand feet while flying over Turkey.

Markets open at fresh record high; Sensex nears 27 000SI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 02, 2014
Last Updated at 10:25 AM IST
Nifty holds 8,050 mark; Cipla, Bharti Airtel top gainers
The market breadth in BSE remains firm with 1,409 shares advancing and 747 shares declining
Benchmark indices continue to hold on to their gains led by pharma and auto shares.
By 10:25, the Sensex was higher by 51 points at 26,918 mark and the Nifty gained by 22 points at 8,050 levels.
Markets have touched fresh record highs in opening trade, with Sensex opening near 27,000 mark after current account deficit narrowed sharply to 1.7% of GDP in the Apr-June quarter of 2014-15 compared to 4.8% of GDP in the same quarter of 2013-14.
Further, the government's request to the apex court not to cancel the permits for 46 coal blocks also boosted sentiment.
On the sectoral front, BSE Healthcare index has surged by nearly 2% followed by counters like Realty, Auto, Banks, Consumer Durables and Oil & Gas, all gaining between 0.1-1%. However, BSE Capital Goods index has declined by nearly 1%.
The main gainers on the Sensex are Cipla, Bharti Airtel, Sun Pharma, Bajaj Auto and Axis Bank, all gaining between 1-7%.
Bharti Airtel has moved higher by 4% to Rs 392, extending its previous day’s nearly 2% gain on NSE, after the company said it signs agreement to acquire its over 2.7 million subscribers of yuMobile. The stock is trading at its highest level since February 2012.
On the losing side, Infosys, L&T, HUL, ONGC and Wipro have declined between 0.8-1.1%.
The broader markets are outperforming the benchmark indices- BSE Midcap and Small indices have gained by nearly 1% each.
The market breadth in BSE remains firm with 1,409 shares advancing and 747 shares declining.
***********************************
Updated at 9:30
Markets touched fresh record highs in opening trade, with Sensex opening near 27,000 mark after current account deficit narrowed sharply to 1.7% of GDP in the Apr-June quarter of 2014-15 compared to 4.8% of GDP in the same quarter of 2013-14.
Further, the government's request to the apex court not to cancel the permits for 46 coal blocks also boosted sentiment.
By 9:30, the Sensex was higher by 77 points at 26,944 mark and the Nifty gained by 25 points at 8,052 levels.
In line with estimates, India’s current account deficit (CAD) for this financial year’s first quarter, April to June,  narrowed sharply to 1.7% of gross domestic product ($7.8 billion) from 4.8% of GDP ($21.8 bn) in the corresponding period of 2013-14.
The fall was aided by contraction in the trade deficit, on a rise in export and dip in import. The CAD for the fourth quarter (January-March) of 2013-14 was $1.2 bn (0.2% of GDP), it was also announced.
Indices ended at record closing highs yesterday with the Nifty breaching the psychological 8,000 level for the first time after better-than-expected first quarter GDP data fuelled a rally led by capital goods and bank shares.
Meanwhile, foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) bought shares worth a net Rs 554.14 crore on Monday, as per provisional data from the stock exchanges.
The rupee is trading at 60.65 per dollar vs previous close of 60.5250/5350.
ASIAN MARKETS
Asian shares drifted lower on Tuesday, with momentum from prior gains fading as investors were left short of cues with the US markets closed on Monday, while the euro continued to probe one-year lows in the uncertainty over the European Central Bank's policy decision later this week.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan lost 0.2%. The index managed to carve out gains on Monday, brushing aside the Ukraine crisis and a downbeat China manufacturing survey.
Tokyo's Nikkei edged up 0.4%, lifted by a weaker yen.
SECTORS & STOCKS
BSE Healthcare index has surged by nearly 1% followed by counters like Auto, Banks, Consumer Durables, FMCG and Realty, all gaining marginally. However, BSE IT index has declined by over 0.5%.
The main gainers on the Sensex are Cipla, Bharti Airtel, Hero Moto, Maruti Suzuki, Sun Pharma, Tata Power, HDFC, Bajaj Auto and Axis Bank.
Cipla has launched an anti-asthma inhaler in Germany and Sweden that is a generic version of GlaxoSmithKline Plc's Advair, a move that will further dent sales of the British firm's top-selling product. The stock is the top Sensex gainer, up nearly 8%.
Hero MotoCorp reported 21.43% jump in its total sales at 5,58,609 units in August 2014.
Meanwhile, Tata Motors today reported 17.59% decline in total sales at 40,883 units in August, 2014 as against 49,611 units in the same month last year.
On the losing side, Wipro, HUL, Infosys, ONGC and GAIL have declined by nearly 1% each.
 Advertisements

DNA of non-violence engrained in our society: ModiPress Trust of India |  Tokyo Sep 02, 2014
Last Updated at 08:55 AM IST
DNA of non-violence engrained in our society: Modi
He sought to address the concerns of the international community over India not signing the NPT
Prime Minister Narendra Modi today sought to address concerns of international community over India not signing the NPT by saying that the country's commitment to peace and non-violence is engrained in the 'DNA of Indian society' which is above any international treaty or processes.
"India is a land of Lord Buddha. Buddha lived for peace and suffered for peace and that message is prevalent in India," Modi said at Sacred Heart University here while replying to a question by a student.
During an interaction, he was asked how India would enhance trust of the international community without changing its stand on Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT), which it has refused to sign despite possessing nuclear weapons.
Modi used the land of Japan, which is the only country to have been the victim of an atom bomb attack, to send out the message on this issue amid moves to have a civil nuclear deal with Tokyo. India refuses to sign the NPT because it considers it as flawed.
Asserting that India's 'commitment to non-violence is total', Modi said it is engrained in the 'DNA of Indian society and this is above any international treaty', apparently referring to India's refusal to sign the NPT.
"In international affairs, there are some processes. But above them is the commitment of the society," he said, underlining the need for rising 'above the treaties'.
To buttress his point, the Prime Minister cited how India undertook the freedom struggle under the leadership of Mahatma Gandhi with the entire society being committed to non-violence, surprising the whole world.
He went on to add that India, for thousands of years, has had the belief in 'vasudhaiva kutumbakam' (the whole world is one family).
 Advertisements

Markets open at fresh record highs; Sensex nears 27 000SI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 02, 2014
Last Updated at 10:25 AM IST
Nifty holds 8,050 mark; Cipla, Bharti Airtel top gainers
The market breadth in BSE remains firm with 1,409 shares advancing and 747 shares declining
Benchmark indices continue to hold on to their gains led by pharma and auto shares.
By 10:25, the Sensex was higher by 51 points at 26,918 mark and the Nifty gained by 22 points at 8,050 levels.
Markets have touched fresh record highs in opening trade, with Sensex opening near 27,000 mark after current account deficit narrowed sharply to 1.7% of GDP in the Apr-June quarter of 2014-15 compared to 4.8% of GDP in the same quarter of 2013-14.
Further, the government's request to the apex court not to cancel the permits for 46 coal blocks also boosted sentiment.
On the sectoral front, BSE Healthcare index has surged by nearly 2% followed by counters like Realty, Auto, Banks, Consumer Durables and Oil & Gas, all gaining between 0.1-1%. However, BSE Capital Goods index has declined by nearly 1%.
The main gainers on the Sensex are Cipla, Bharti Airtel, Sun Pharma, Bajaj Auto and Axis Bank, all gaining between 1-7%.
Bharti Airtel has moved higher by 4% to Rs 392, extending its previous day’s nearly 2% gain on NSE, after the company said it signs agreement to acquire its over 2.7 million subscribers of yuMobile. The stock is trading at its highest level since February 2012.
On the losing side, Infosys, L&T, HUL, ONGC and Wipro have declined between 0.8-1.1%.
The broader markets are outperforming the benchmark indices- BSE Midcap and Small indices have gained by nearly 1% each.
The market breadth in BSE remains firm with 1,409 shares advancing and 747 shares declining.
***********************************
Updated at 9:30
Markets touched fresh record highs in opening trade, with Sensex opening near 27,000 mark after current account deficit narrowed sharply to 1.7% of GDP in the Apr-June quarter of 2014-15 compared to 4.8% of GDP in the same quarter of 2013-14.
Further, the government's request to the apex court not to cancel the permits for 46 coal blocks also boosted sentiment.
By 9:30, the Sensex was higher by 77 points at 26,944 mark and the Nifty gained by 25 points at 8,052 levels.
In line with estimates, India’s current account deficit (CAD) for this financial year’s first quarter, April to June,  narrowed sharply to 1.7% of gross domestic product ($7.8 billion) from 4.8% of GDP ($21.8 bn) in the corresponding period of 2013-14.
The fall was aided by contraction in the trade deficit, on a rise in export and dip in import. The CAD for the fourth quarter (January-March) of 2013-14 was $1.2 bn (0.2% of GDP), it was also announced.
Indices ended at record closing highs yesterday with the Nifty breaching the psychological 8,000 level for the first time after better-than-expected first quarter GDP data fuelled a rally led by capital goods and bank shares.
Meanwhile, foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) bought shares worth a net Rs 554.14 crore on Monday, as per provisional data from the stock exchanges.
The rupee is trading at 60.65 per dollar vs previous close of 60.5250/5350.
ASIAN MARKETS
Asian shares drifted lower on Tuesday, with momentum from prior gains fading as investors were left short of cues with the US markets closed on Monday, while the euro continued to probe one-year lows in the uncertainty over the European Central Bank's policy decision later this week.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan lost 0.2%. The index managed to carve out gains on Monday, brushing aside the Ukraine crisis and a downbeat China manufacturing survey.
Tokyo's Nikkei edged up 0.4%, lifted by a weaker yen.
SECTORS & STOCKS
BSE Healthcare index has surged by nearly 1% followed by counters like Auto, Banks, Consumer Durables, FMCG and Realty, all gaining marginally. However, BSE IT index has declined by over 0.5%.
The main gainers on the Sensex are Cipla, Bharti Airtel, Hero Moto, Maruti Suzuki, Sun Pharma, Tata Power, HDFC, Bajaj Auto and Axis Bank.
Cipla has launched an anti-asthma inhaler in Germany and Sweden that is a generic version of GlaxoSmithKline Plc's Advair, a move that will further dent sales of the British firm's top-selling product. The stock is the top Sensex gainer, up nearly 8%.
Hero MotoCorp reported 21.43% jump in its total sales at 5,58,609 units in August 2014.
Meanwhile, Tata Motors today reported 17.59% decline in total sales at 40,883 units in August, 2014 as against 49,611 units in the same month last year.
On the losing side, Wipro, HUL, Infosys, ONGC and GAIL have declined by nearly 1% each.
 Advertisements

Rupee falls on increased dollar demand  at 60.64FOREX UPDATE: Rupee closes at two-week low on dollar demand
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 2, 2014  | 19:03 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The rupee hit two-week closing low of 60.68 by losing 15 paise against the dollar on consistent demand for the US currency from importers and some banks on strong global cues, continuing its downward trend for the fourth straight session.
The dollar gaining strength against its rivals mainly weighed down on the rupee, brokers said.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the domestic currency commenced lower at 60.61 a dollar from previous close of 60.53 and and was trapped in a narrow breadth of 60.53 and 60.6925 before ending at 60.68, a fall of 15 paise or 0.25 per cent. This is rupee's lowest closing since 60.76 on August 16.
The dollar index was up by 0.22 per cent against a basket of six major global units. The Yen slipped toward a five-year low against the dollar on hopes that Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe will appoint assistant to head the ministry in charge of reforming the Government Pension Investment Fund.
The pound and euro also weakened against the American currency on improving US economy that will boost the case for the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates.
"The rupee lost quarter percent during the day taking cues from strong dollar overseas. Local equities posted new all time high which supported Rupee from depreciating further.
On Monday, US markets were closed on Labor Day which created the dollar demand in market for the day.
"Increased dollar demand from importers forced rupee to close low. The trading range for the Spot rupee is expected to be within 60.40 to 61.00," Pramit Brahmbhatt, Veracity Group CEO, said.
Meanwhile, continuing its record-breaking spree, the benchmark S&P BSE Sensex on Tuesday flared up by 151.84 points to end past the 27,000-mark for the first time in the history at 27,019.39. FIIs picked up shares worth Rs 554.14 crore on Monday, as per provisional data.
"Rupee was seen weakening as the US dollar was seen gaining against the basket of currencies.... The US dollar index breached the level of 83.00 for the first time in last one year," said Abhishek Goenka, founder and CEO of India Forex Advisors.
In forward market today, premium declined on fresh receipts by exporters.
The benchmark six-month premium payable in February moved down to 245-247 paise from 248.5-250.5 paise previously.
Far-forward contracts maturing in August, 2015 dropped to 490-492 paise from 495.5-497.5 paise.
The Reserve Bank of India fixed the reference rate for dollar at 60.6100 and for the euro at 79.5627.
The rupee recovered against the pound to 100.33 from Monday's close of 100.57 while remained firm to settle at 57.83 per 100 Japanese yen from 58.06.
It, however, fell back slightly against the euro to 79.57 from 79.52 previously.

SpiceJet gets 1 lakh bookings for new Rs 499 offerSpiceJet gets 1,00,000 bookings for special offer tickets priced Rs 499
Mail Today Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 2, 2014  | 11:59 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Loss-making, low-cost airline SpiceJet rolled out yet another cheap fare offer called Early Bird on Monday with tickets priced as low as Rs 499 on its domestic network making it the fifth discount bonanza for fliers in the last two months. Within hours, one lakh tickets for the three-day offer were sold.
The way it was lapped up by customers on Monday indicates a record of sort, an airline source told news agency PTI. "By 4 pm, tickets sale touched the 1-lakh mark," the source said adding, "it expects to set a new sales record in terms of booking in a single day."
The series of discounted fares has enabled the Kalanithi Maran-promoted airline to increase its market share to the second spot with every fifth flier in the country booked on its flights. But the carrier plunge deeper into the red with a loss of Rs 124.10 crore in April-June quarter. This is the fourth consecutive quarterly loss for the airline. SpiceJet had seen its revenue fall a bit from a year earlier to Rs 1,678.59 crore despite its rising market share.
The latest offer, for travel between January 16 and October 24 next year, is open from Monday to Wednesday. The fare is inclusive of fuel surcharge but all statutory taxes and fees are to be paid by the passenger as applicable on the date of travel.
Ankur Bhatia of Bird Group said, "This has stimulated the aviation market. Though such periodic discounted fares are only two-to-five per cent of the total inventory, this helps airline generate immediate cash for future and also ensures that seats don't go empty. By adopting aggressive discounted fares, SpiceJet also got the first-move advantage and that also helped it mop up cash for working capital as it faced cash flow problem."
FARE BONANZA
September 1
SpiceJet offers fares as low as Rs 499 on its domestic network for travel between January 16 and October 24, 2015.
August 25
SpiceJet offers fares starting from Rs 1,888 . The limited period offer was valid on three-day booking till August 28 for travel between September 25 and January 15, 2015.
August 7
SpiceJet offers fares starting at Rs 2,199 for 23 cities. The offer was valid on travel between September 5 and December 15.
August 1
The four-day SpiceJet offers opened for travel between September 1 and December 15. Fares were as low as Rs 1,499 on all its economy class domestic networks.
July 15
SpiceJet rolled out a sale offer with fares starting at Rs 1,699 for a limited period on domestic routes for travel between August 18 and September 30.
THE FINANCIALS
>> SpiceJet posted loss of Rs 124.10 crore in April-June 2014, its fourth straight quarterly loss.
>> Revenue fell from a year earlier to Rs 1,678.59 crore despite increase in market share.
>> Total liabilities exceeded its total assets by Rs ,145.58 crore as on June 30.
>> No provision has been made for interest of Rs 7.5 crore up to 30 June.
>> The Income Tax Department last month began the recovery process of TDS from the airline which it had not passed on to the government.

RBI revises Basel III capital norms  halves maturityRBI revises Basel III capital norms, halves maturity to 5 years
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 2, 2014  | 11:53 IST
(Photo: Associated Press)
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has issued revised and final guidelines for raising non-equity regulatory capital instruments by banks under the stringent Basel III framework.
Banks can now issue tier II capital instruments with a minimum maturity of at least 5 years compared to 10 years at present, the central bank said late Monday evening. It further said banks can issue tier II debt capital instruments to retail investors, subject to the board approval.
"Banks may now additional tier 1 capital instrument with the principal loss absorption through either conversion into common shares or write-down mechanism (temporary or permanent) which allocates losses to the instruments," the regualtor said in a notification.
RBI, however, said the terms and conditions of all non-equity capital instruments (both additional tier I & II) issued by banks must have a provision that requires such instruments to either be permanently written off or converted into common shares upon the occurrence of the 'point of non-viability (PONV)' trigger event.
The RBI said banks shall ensure the non-common equity capital instruments issued by them meet all the eligibility criteria such as legal, accounting and operational, to qualify for recognition as regulatory capital instruments.
The guidelines said the call option on additional tier I instruments- perpetual non-cumulative preference shares (PNCPS) and perpetual debt instruments (PDIs) will be permissible at the initiative of the issuer after the instrument has run for at least five years.
The loss absorbency features of the instrument should be clearly explained, and the investor's sign-off for having understood these features and other terms and conditions of the instrument should be obtained, RBI said, adding the new norms will be applicable with immediate effect.

Its official: Shah not to meet Uddhav during MumbaivisitPrint
Written by Shubhangi Khapre | Mumbai |     September 2, 2014 10:08 am
Shiv Sena and BJP leaders may be working overtime to keep the political arithmetic intact, but there is a visible change in the chemistry as BJP national president Amit Shah’s Mumbai schedule finds no mention of any visit to Matoshree, the residence of Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray. Shah will be on his first visit to Mumbai on September 4 after becoming the BJP chief.
Officially, BJP and Sena have both confirmed that no meeting has been scheduled between Uddhav and Shah in Mumbai this week.
The BJP Monday clarified that Shah’s visit to Mumbai would be confined to organisational matters and Ganpati darshan.
The primary reason for Shah not meeting Uddhav is apparently because of the disputes within the alliance over the seat-sharing formula for the ensuing Assembly elections, which still needs to be resolved. The BJP wants to send out a signal that it will not allow Sena’s “highhandedness” in the state polls.
“Seat-sharing negotiations are still under way. If Shah and Thackeray meeting takes place, it should be conclusive. And by September 4, we are not confident things will get resolved,” said one of the political managers of the BJP.
Officially, both the Shiv Sena and the BJP are exercising caution. A close confidant of Uddhav Thackeray said: “We are not aware of any visit by Amit Shah.”
State BJP chief Devendra Fadnavis told The Indian Express, “Amit Shah will visit Mumbai for the first time after taking charge as all-India BJP president. He will address party workers at Shanmukhananda Hall (Dadar), and also visit some of the popular Ganesh mandals, including famous Lalbaugcha Raja in Lower Parel.”
He said Shah’s decision to confine the visit to just BJP programmes was not political.
Fadnavis, meanwhile, asserted that the seat-sharing negotiations between Sena and BJP were taking place as per schedule and going in the right direction.
“By next week, we hope all the issues will be resolved. And we will be able to at least have the first list of candidates and seats ready,” he said.
The state BJP president also dismissed any thought that Shah’s decision to not meet Thackeray might affect the alliance. “Both parties understand that they have to address their respective party cadre. Moreover,
Shah has not been able to visit Mumbai as he was busy with the campaign in Jammu and Kashmir and Haryana,” he argued.
Notwithstanding the explanation given by the BJP, there is some unrest in the Sena. Though none of the leaders spoken to was willing to make any official comment, a senior Sena MP who did not wish to be named said: “Circumstances and leadership change is bound to bring some deviation from the past. In the past, often central BJP leaders, including former prime minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee and former deputy prime minister L K Advani, would make it a point to come to Matoshree and greet the late Bal Thackeray.”
The Sena MP, who claimed to have been a witness to many such meetings, said: “Often, there was no agenda or politics. The visits were part of the bonding, which continued…

Happy New Years Indiawaale will be a dance anthem:ShekharIndo-Asian News Service | Mumbai |     September 2, 2014 10:10 am
Shekhar of composer duo Vishal-Shekhar says their song ‘Indiawaale’, which they composed for Shah Rukh Khan’s forthcoming film ‘Happy New Year’, will become a dance anthem.
Vishal-Shekhar, who performed at the 52nd Bangalore Ganesh Utsava Sunday, belted out their hit numbers, but when they sang ‘Indiawaale’, it rocked the charged crowd at the APS College Grounds in Basavanagudi.
In Pics: Shah Rukh Khan, Deepika Padukone unveil ‘Happy New Year’
About the response to ‘Indiawaale’ at the fest, Shekhar said they got “goose bumps when a crowd of about 30,000 people started singing our song ‘Indiawaale’ with us”.
“It is a very surreal feeling and, trust me, a very proud moment for us that our music has been loved by people and reached people even before its official release,” Shekhar said in a statement.
Vishal-Shekhar have composed music for heist drama ‘Happy New Year’. The song ‘Indiawaale’ will be officially launched Sep 3.
Read: Rekha’s ‘Super Nani’ to clash with Shah Rukh Khan’s ‘Happy New Year’
“I am so excited for everyone to hear the full song because we feel that ‘Indiawaale’ is a dance anthem that can be heard and danced to in a disco, stadium or a stage. It is a song for everyone!” he added.
Directed by Farah Khan, ‘Happy New Year’ is scheduled for Diwali release.

Chavan blames Centre for powercrisisPrithviraj Chavan, Narayan Rane and Ashok Chavan at the first election rally of the Congress party, at Azad Maidan in Mumbai on Monday. (Source: Express photo by Ganesh Shirsekar)
Written by Sandeep A Ashar | Mumbai |     September 2, 2014 9:51 am
Blaming the Centre’s “incompetence” for the worsening power crisis in the state, Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan Monday expressed concern that Centre-state relations were taking a hit under the Narendra Modi government.
With the threat of load-shedding being imposed in 70 per cent of Maharashtra looming large, the government had approached the Centre last week for permission to withdraw unallocated power from the central grid to tide over the crisis.
Even as Union Power Minister Piyush Goyal has convened a meeting with power ministers and secretaries from states reeling under power shortage Tuesday, Chavan said he wasn’t hopeful of a positive intervention from the Centre in this regard.
“Along with Sharad Pawar (NCP chief), I had earlier discussed the problem with the Union power minister. But nothing concrete emerged from it. We (the state government) have also written to the Prime Minister to convene a meeting of all chief ministers to resolve the matter,” said the chief minister.
While coal and water shortage had already impacted power generation in certain state-run power plants, the crisis got aggravated last week after private players Adani Power, Tata Power and IndiaBulls, with whom the state has long-term power purchase treaties, decreased allocations to the state. The possibility of extending load-shedding, which is currently imposed in less than 15 per cent areas, to most parts of the state ahead of the Assembly polls and during the ongoing festive season has left the ruling Congress-NCP combine worried.
Chavan’s tirade against Modi came during the launch of the Congress party’s Assembly poll campaign at Azad Maidan in Mumbai.
Slamming the Centre for a “narrow-minded” approach, he took a potshot at the BJP’s “Acche din… (Good days…)” slogan by claiming that people had now understood that “good days” were nowhere in sight. Claiming that voters fell prey to BJP’s media blitz and false promises during the Lok Sabha campaign, Chavan also hit out at Modi for his “autocratic” style of functioning.
Former Union power minister Sushil Kumar Shinde, who was also present at the event, said: “Unlike the UPA regime, the present government does not believe in coordinating effectively between states to resolve crisis situations. I fear they would persist with this policy for all opposition-ruled states.”
Keen to exploit the Modi government’s “delivery shortfalls”, the Congress has asked party leaders and workers to aggressively highlight the difference between promises made during the LS campaign and the actual delivery or lack of it before the voters.
Mounting an all-out attack against the BJP-Shiv Sena combine, former chief minister and party’s poll committee chief Narayan Rane alleged that Modi had inducted 12 ministers facing corruption allegations in his cabinet. “They continued…

Amitabh Bachchan has 10 million followers onTwitterExpress News Service | Mumbai |     September 2, 2014 9:50 am
The constant interaction with his beloved fans and updates about his day-to-day activities has surely paid off for Amitabh Bachchan.
The Bollywood megastar recently hit 10 million followers on social networking site Twitter.
T 1598 – 10 MILLION !! ON TWITTER !! YEEAAAHH !! Thank you all that follow me .. ! Next target 20 !!
— Amitabh Bachchan (@SrBachchan) August 31, 2014
The actor, who recently wrapped up the shoot for his next film ‘Shamitabh’, is known for keeping his fans entertained as well sharing his thoughts and opinions on matters of national and international importance.

Multi-storey building in Kolkata catchesfireSmoke and flames billowing out of a window after a fire at a building in Kolkata on Tuesday morning. (Source: Express photo by Partha Paul)
Written by Madhuparna Das | Kolkata |     September 2, 2014 2:55 pm
Fire broke out at an age old 22-storey highrise commercial building in south Kolkata area on Tuesday morning. The building, known as Chatterjee International building, is one of the oldest highrise in the city.
According to sources, the fire broke out around 9 am on the 15th floor and later spread to the 16th floor. While the officegoers were yet to reach the building, at least seven persons were initially trapped. While three were rescued by police and fire department, four of them came down on their own. Three of the rescued persons were admitted to SSKM hospital.
The building houses offices and commercial establishments mostly.
Traffic along Park Street – JL Nehru stretch (where the building is located) has been diverted and the area has been cordoned off.
According to Fire and Disaster Management Minister Javed Ahmed Khan, as many as 15 fire tenders were rushed to the spot with two hydraulic ladders. City mayor Sovan Chatterjee said that chief minister Mamata Banerjee, who is on tour to north Bengal, directed him to take all precautionary measures.
According to sources in fire department, the fire might have been caused by an explosion of an AC machine at the 15th floor. However the cause of fire is yet to be ascertained .
 

DNA of non-violence engrained in our society: PMModiPress Trust of India | Tokyo |     September 2, 2014 9:42 am
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday sought to address concerns of international community over India not signing the NPT by saying that the country’s commitment to peace and non-violence is engrained in the “DNA of Indian society” which is above any international treaty or processes.
“India is a land of Lord Buddha. Buddha lived for peace and suffered for peace and that message is prevalent in India,” Modi said at Sacred Heart University while replying to a question by a student.
During an interaction, he was asked how India would enhance trust of the international community without changing its stand on Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT), which it has refused to sign despite possessing nuclear weapons.
Modi used the land of Japan, which is the only country to have been the victim of an atom bomb attack, to send out the message on this issue amid moves to have a civil nuclear deal with Tokyo. India refuses to sign the NPT because it considers it as flawed.
Asserting that India’s “commitment to non-violence is total”, Modi said it is engrained in the “DNA of Indian society and this is above any international treaty”, apparently referring to India’s refusal to sign the NPT.
“In international affairs, there are some processes. But above them is the commitment of the society,” he said, underlining the need for rising “above the treaties”.
To buttress his point, the Prime Minister cited how India undertook the freedom struggle under the leadership of Mahatma Gandhi with the entire society being committed to non-violence, surprising the whole world.
He went on to add that India, for thousands of years, has had the belief in ‘vasudhaiva kutumbakam’ (the whole world is one family). “When we consider the whole world as one family, how can we even think about doing anything that would harm or hurt anyone?”
The question was asked in the context of India recently ratifying the Additional Protocol on Safeguards Agreement signed with IAEA, that will allow inspectors of the atomic watchdog easy access to India’s civil nuclear facilities.
During the interactive session, the Prime Minister was asked by another student about how peace could be pursued in Asia despite China’s “expansionist” designs.
“You seemed to be troubled a lot by China,” he quipped while addressing the student amid his observation that they were asking questions like journalists.
Speaking further, he carefully avoided any direct answer to the question and merely said, “India is a democratic country. Similarly, Japan is also a democratic country. If India and Japan together think about peace and positive things, we can make the world realise the strength of a democracy. We should focus on progress and development instead of paying attention to continued…

3 Chinese inmates kill guard  break out ofjailPrint
AP | Beijing |     September 2, 2014 9:41 am
Three inmates escaped in a rare jailbreak in China’s northeast after killing a guard early Tuesday morning, state media reported. The escape at from Yanshou county jail outside the city of Harbin took place about 6 a.m. Tuesday (2200 GMT Monday), according to a report on the website of the Communist Party’s People’s Daily newspaper.
Police are searching for the fugitives with armed patrols, it said. The men were awaiting trial, but the report did not say on what charges. The three donned police jackets and shirts as they left the jail, the report said. No other details were given and a guard who answered the jail’s phone said he was not permitted to answer questions, while calls to the county’s Communist Party propaganda office rang unanswered.
Chinese jails and prisons are run along strict lines and escapes are extremely rare. China imprisons a far smaller percentage of its population than the U.S. _ 118 per 100,000 people compared to America’s 737 per 100,000. However, punishments are often harsh and China is believed to execute more people for crimes each year than the rest of the world combined.

2 militants killed  1 injured in army raids inEgyptPrint
PTI | Cairo |     September 2, 2014 9:25 am
Two militants were killed while one other injured during a military raid in the restive Sinai province of Egypt, a military source has said.
Armed forces also destroyed two cars used by the militants during the raid on Monday, the source said.
The three militants were hiding in a farm that belongs to an Ansar Beit el-Maqeds (Jerusalem supporters) leader, who was accused of shooting down a military helicopter and killing its five soldiers crew eight months ago, the source said.
Ansar Beit al-Maqdis, a dominant militant group based in Sinai has claimed responsibility for a series of attacks on police and soldiers. It said in January that it had downed a military helicopter with a surface-to-air missile and killing its entire crew in the area around the city of Sheikh Zuweid in North Sinai, near the Gaza border.

DNA of non-violence engrained in our society: PM ModiPress Trust of India | Tokyo |     September 2, 2014 9:42 am
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday sought to address concerns of international community over India not signing the NPT by saying that the country’s commitment to peace and non-violence is engrained in the “DNA of Indian society” which is above any international treaty or processes.
“India is a land of Lord Buddha. Buddha lived for peace and suffered for peace and that message is prevalent in India,” Modi said at Sacred Heart University while replying to a question by a student.
During an interaction, he was asked how India would enhance trust of the international community without changing its stand on Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT), which it has refused to sign despite possessing nuclear weapons.
Modi used the land of Japan, which is the only country to have been the victim of an atom bomb attack, to send out the message on this issue amid moves to have a civil nuclear deal with Tokyo. India refuses to sign the NPT because it considers it as flawed.
Asserting that India’s “commitment to non-violence is total”, Modi said it is engrained in the “DNA of Indian society and this is above any international treaty”, apparently referring to India’s refusal to sign the NPT.
“In international affairs, there are some processes. But above them is the commitment of the society,” he said, underlining the need for rising “above the treaties”.
To buttress his point, the Prime Minister cited how India undertook the freedom struggle under the leadership of Mahatma Gandhi with the entire society being committed to non-violence, surprising the whole world.
He went on to add that India, for thousands of years, has had the belief in ‘vasudhaiva kutumbakam’ (the whole world is one family). “When we consider the whole world as one family, how can we even think about doing anything that would harm or hurt anyone?”
The question was asked in the context of India recently ratifying the Additional Protocol on Safeguards Agreement signed with IAEA, that will allow inspectors of the atomic watchdog easy access to India’s civil nuclear facilities.
During the interactive session, the Prime Minister was asked by another student about how peace could be pursued in Asia despite China’s “expansionist” designs.
“You seemed to be troubled a lot by China,” he quipped while addressing the student amid his observation that they were asking questions like journalists.
Speaking further, he carefully avoided any direct answer to the question and merely said, “India is a democratic country. Similarly, Japan is also a democratic country. If India and Japan together think about peace and positive things, we can make the world realise the strength of a democracy. We should focus on progress and development instead of paying attention to continued…

2 militants killed  1 injured in army raids in EgyptPrint
PTI | Cairo |     September 2, 2014 9:25 am
Two militants were killed while one other injured during a military raid in the restive Sinai province of Egypt, a military source has said.
Armed forces also destroyed two cars used by the militants during the raid on Monday, the source said.
The three militants were hiding in a farm that belongs to an Ansar Beit el-Maqeds (Jerusalem supporters) leader, who was accused of shooting down a military helicopter and killing its five soldiers crew eight months ago, the source said.
Ansar Beit al-Maqdis, a dominant militant group based in Sinai has claimed responsibility for a series of attacks on police and soldiers. It said in January that it had downed a military helicopter with a surface-to-air missile and killing its entire crew in the area around the city of Sheikh Zuweid in North Sinai, near the Gaza border.

Falcao joins Manchester United on a season-long loan from MonacoManchester United have the option of buying the Colombian striker at the end of the season. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | London |     September 2, 2014 11:24 am
A week after signing Angel Di Maria, Manchester United persuaded striker Radamel Falcao to join the faltering club in European football’s most eye-catching switch as the summer transfer window closed.
Falcao’s season-long loan from Monaco is set to cost United around $25 million for the salary and fee to the French club, although there is an option to then sign the Colombia forward permanently.
The record 20-time English champions have been frantically trying to strengthen its squad in an attempt to halt an alarming decline over the last year. After a seventh-place finish under the ill-fated reign of David Moyes, new manager Louis van Gaal has failed to win any of his first four games, including a humiliating League Cup loss at third-tier side MK Dons.
“(Falcao) is one of the most prolific goalscorers in the game,” Van Gaal said. “His appearance-to-goal ratio speaks for itself and, when a player of this caliber becomes available, it is an opportunity not to be missed.”
With the versatile Netherlands international David Blind also joining Monday for 14 million pounds ($23 million) from Ajax to be reunited with World Cup coach Van Gaal, United’s summer spending reached around $250 million.
United recouped $27 million by selling striker Danny Welbeck to Arsenal on Monday, while another forward, Javier Hernandez, went on a season-long loan to Real Madrid.
Falcao adds another world-class player to striking options that already includes Robin van Persie and Wayne Rooney.
“Manchester United is the biggest club in the world and is clearly determined to get back to the top,” said Falcao, who left Monaco a year after joining from Atletico Madrid for 60 million euros (then $78 million). “I am looking forward to working with Louis van Gaal and contributing to the team’s success at this very exciting period in the club’s history.”
The challenge is for United to prevent neighbour Manchester City becoming the dominant force in England after winning two of the last three Premier League titles. It appeared that City rejected the chance to pursue Falcao’s signature, with the champions’ deadline-day activity restricted to outgoings, including striker Alvaro Negredo joining Valencia on loan for the season.

Post break-up  the breakthrough for Caroline WozniackiWozniacki beat Maria Sharapova 6-4, 2-6, 6-2 in 2 hours, 37 minutes (Source: Reuters)
Associated Press | New York |     September 2, 2014 9:23 am
Caroline Wozniacki trusts her stamina so much that she plans to return to New York in two months to run a marathon.
Maria Sharapova, usually the one wearing down opponents in the third set, sure couldn’t keep up on a steamy Sunday at the US Open. Wozniacki won 6-4, 2-6, 6-2 in 2 hours, 37 minutes to get back to her first Grand Slam quarterfinal in more than two years – and get back in the headlines for reasons other than her personal life. ‘The season for me has been a little bit up and down,’ she said in quite an understatement, “and it’s so nice to kind of start feeling like I’m playing the way I want to.”
Because of the heat, the players received a 10-minute break before the final set; Sharapova returned to the court late, arguing with the chair umpire after receiving a time violation warning. Perhaps sensing that she was fresher than the five-time major champion, Wozniacki later complained that Sharapova was dawdling between points.
Her tardiness seemed to swing the Arthur Ashe Stadium crowd’s support squarely in Wozniacki’s favor. When the 10th-seeded Dane broke Sharapova at love to go up 3-1 in the final set, she got a standing ovation from the fans and waved her arms to egg them on. Sharapova had appeared to hit a winner three times on that game’s final point only for Wozniacki to somehow chase down the ball. Finally, Sharapova put a volley into the net.
Wozniacki mixed in just enough aggression with her signature defense to keep the pressure on Sharapova in the final set. “She’s very good at getting a lot of balls back and making you hit another one,” Sharapova said. “In the end, I went for a little too much.”
She insisted the conditions didn’t bother her. Sharapova had been 17-6 in three-set matches this year, including her come-from-behind second-round victory here. The fifth-seeded Sharapova’s loss leaves No.1 Serena Williams as the only woman remaining of the top six. Ninth-seeded Jelena Jankovic was also upset, losing 7-6 (6), 6-3 to 17-year-old Swiss Belinda Bencic.
After a sloppy first set, Sharapova was painting the lines in the second. Wozniacki seemed to spend most of it watching in dismay as one of Sharapova’s 22 winners whizzed by.
Wozniacki said she told herself before the third set to go for her shots. “If I’m going to lose,” she recalled thinking, “at least I’m going to do it with dignity.”
She closed out the match by breaking Sharapova’s serve again with a backhand winner. About a half-hour later, thunderstorms halted play with second-seeded Roger Federer down a break in the first set to Marcel Granollers.
Federer acknowledged the two-hour delay helped him regroup. While Granollers won the first set, Federer dominated the rest of the way, winning 4-6, 6-1, 6-1, 6-1.
Unlike the women’s continued…

Happy New Year s  Indiawaale  will be a dance anthem: ShekharIndo-Asian News Service | Mumbai |     September 2, 2014 10:10 am
Shekhar of composer duo Vishal-Shekhar says their song ‘Indiawaale’, which they composed for Shah Rukh Khan’s forthcoming film ‘Happy New Year’, will become a dance anthem.
Vishal-Shekhar, who performed at the 52nd Bangalore Ganesh Utsava Sunday, belted out their hit numbers, but when they sang ‘Indiawaale’, it rocked the charged crowd at the APS College Grounds in Basavanagudi.
In Pics: Shah Rukh Khan, Deepika Padukone unveil ‘Happy New Year’
About the response to ‘Indiawaale’ at the fest, Shekhar said they got “goose bumps when a crowd of about 30,000 people started singing our song ‘Indiawaale’ with us”.
“It is a very surreal feeling and, trust me, a very proud moment for us that our music has been loved by people and reached people even before its official release,” Shekhar said in a statement.
Vishal-Shekhar have composed music for heist drama ‘Happy New Year’. The song ‘Indiawaale’ will be officially launched Sep 3.
Read: Rekha’s ‘Super Nani’ to clash with Shah Rukh Khan’s ‘Happy New Year’
“I am so excited for everyone to hear the full song because we feel that ‘Indiawaale’ is a dance anthem that can be heard and danced to in a disco, stadium or a stage. It is a song for everyone!” he added.
Directed by Farah Khan, ‘Happy New Year’ is scheduled for Diwali release.

Amitabh Bachchan has 10 million followers on TwitterExpress News Service | Mumbai |     September 2, 2014 9:50 am
The constant interaction with his beloved fans and updates about his day-to-day activities has surely paid off for Amitabh Bachchan.
The Bollywood megastar recently hit 10 million followers on social networking site Twitter.
T 1598 – 10 MILLION !! ON TWITTER !! YEEAAAHH !! Thank you all that follow me .. ! Next target 20 !!
— Amitabh Bachchan (@SrBachchan) August 31, 2014
The actor, who recently wrapped up the shoot for his next film ‘Shamitabh’, is known for keeping his fans entertained as well sharing his thoughts and opinions on matters of national and international importance.

Cipla up over 8% on launch of inhaler in GermanyAnti-asthma inhaler
(The launch paves way for…)
MUMBAI: Shares of pharmaceutical firm Cipla today settled with over 5 per cent higher as the company launched its generic drug used for treatment of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease in Germany and Sweden.
After surging 8.58 per cent to Rs 575.20 -- its 52-week high level, shares of Cipla finally ended at Rs 557.40, up 5.23 per cent at the BSE.
On the NSE, the stock was up 5.38 per cent to Rs 557.60 at closing.
Led by the rally in the stock, the company's market value surged Rs 2,224.84 crore to Rs 44,754.84 crore.
The stock was the best performer among the blue-chips on both Sensex and Nifty during the day.
While the drug Salmeterol/Fluticasone MDI will be sold under the Serroflo brand in Germany, it will be marketed as Salmeterol/Fluticasone Cipla in Sweden , Cipla had said in a statement yesterday.
Serroflo will substantially improve the affordability of fixed combinations in Europe and help manage health costs for respiratory treatment, the company had said.
The product will be available in the strengths of 120 doses of 25/125 mcg salmeterol/fluticasone and 120 doses of 25/250 mcg salmeterol/fluticasone.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Hero MotoCorp rallies over 1%  hits fresh 52-week high on August salesAuto sector
(Hero MotoCorp reported…)
NEW DELHI: Shares in Hero MotoCorp Ltd surged as much as 1.6 per cent to hit its fresh 52-week high of 2803.60 in trade on Tuesday, after India's largest maker of motorcycles and scooters, said August sales rose 21 per cent from a year earlier to 558,609 units.
The company sold 4,59,996 units in the same month last year, it said in a filing to BSE .
At 09:25 a.m.; Hero MotoCorp was trading 1.6 per cent higher at Rs 2803.60. It hit a fresh 52-week high of Rs 2803.60 and a low of Rs 2770 in trade today.
Commenting on the sales growth, the company said: "Riding on the strong demand for its range of products from customers, Hero MotoCorp today reported robust sales of the month of August, thereby setting the platform the upcoming festive season."
Although, Hero MotoCorp reported earnings below analysts' estimates but management said that it expects the company to clock double-digit growth in FY15.
The company reported net profit of Rs 562.7 crore for the quarter ended June 2014, up 2.5 per cent, from Rs 549 crore, in the corresponding quarter last fiscal.
"The two wheeler maker expects H1 to be better than H2 (low base impact) led by improving macro sentiments with a new government coming to power," Religare Institutional Research said in a note.
"In terms of expansion, the company plans to increase its total capacity to 9.2 million vehicles in the next 2 years (land already acquired in Gujarat) from 7.65 million vehicles (including newly commissioned Rajasthan plant)," added the report.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Punj Lloyd up 5% on Medanta Medicity stake sale buzzYou are here: Home > Collections > Temasek
Punj Lloyd rallies on reports of Medanta Medicity stake sale
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 2, 2014, 10.01AM IST
Tags:
Atul Punj
(The final deal contours…)
NEW DELHI: Punj Lloyd Ltd rallied as much as 4.88 per cent in trade on Tuesday, after media reports suggested that Singapore's state investment company Temasek is negotiating with Atul Punj's flagship Punj Lloyd to buy its minority stake in super specialty hospital Medanta Medicity .
At 09:40 a.m.; Punj Lloyd was trading 3.7 per cent higher at Rs 39.25. It hit a low of Rs 38.80 and a high of Rs 39.70 in trade today.
The divestment will help the diversified engineering and project management major to deleverage its balance sheet and at the same time further consolidate the sovereign investment group's healthcare bets across emerging markets like India, ET reported.
To start with, Punj Lloyd is planning to sell half of its 17 per cent shareholding in Global Health Private Limited (GHPL) - a company which owns, manages and operates the Gurgaon based hospital for around Rs 300 crore, said multiple sources involved.
This will be followed by another structured transaction, wherein, Punj Lloyd will raise additional debt of around Rs 300-Rs 320 crore against its residual 8.5 per cent stake, added the ET report.
After a period of 2-3 years, the former will have the option of paying back the loan and releasing those shares or relinquishing them to Temasek at a future valuation based on the financial matrix of that time.
As per the ET report, the final deal contours are still being worked out but sources add that the negotiations are expected to complete latest by October. Through this transaction, Punj Lloyd is expecting to raise Rs 600-Rs 630 crore.
FEATURED ARTICLES

The Viral Fever video on the fall and fall of the daily soapsThe Viral Fever video on the fall and fall of the daily soaps
Sweta Kaushal , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 01, 2014
First Published: 17:48 IST(1/9/2014) | Last Updated: 10:00 IST(2/9/2014)
Comments
It's perhaps the most definitive dig at the way daily soaps in India have grown: from those early intelligent years of the '80s to their present-day 'retarded' avatar. YouTube group The Viral Fever has released one of the most hilarious videos on the growth, or rather the fall, of daily soaps in India.
Nidhi Bisht as Ekthi from The Making Of: A Decade Long Soap.
The group is founded by Arunabh Kumar, Farah Khan's assistant in Om Shanti Om and an ex IIT Kharagpur student.
Titled The Making of: A Decade Long Daily Soap, the video is shot on the sets of a serial for 'Super Star Plus' and begins with an angry channel head fuming at the entire cast for the plumetting TRP numbers. When the TRP numbers are shared, we see a hilarious list of serial names --  from Suhagraat Simar Ka (Sasural Simar Ka?), Chakke Chakke Ka Pyar (Chajje Chajje Ka Pyaar?), Saari Night Naapi Bahuraani Ki Height (random take on the time duration spent on the smallest of events) and Kyuki..$*HA* tops the list with  65 on 10 TRP! 
Talking of daily soaps, the darling of most spoof makers, Ekta Kapoor isn't spared in this one either: the video has a character called Ekthi (played by Nidhi Bisht). The Ekta Kapoor dig is nothing new since we've already seen several broad-shoulders women wearing loose-fitting clothes and accessorised with hundreds of beads and stones. What cuts the edge in this video is the content which is extremely simple in its effort to outline the level of stupidity we (as audience) have allowed to creep into our TV shows.
The discussion between the channel head and 'Ekthi' is full of comic attacks on the quality of television shows in our country.
Talking about the success of her show, Ekthi says, "I have brought change. Change from a more meaningful and good television of Hum Log, Buniaad, Malgudi Days to a massy, regressive and a much less intelligent television. Some people blame me for making the audience stupid. But the fact is that we as a society are going retard."  
"Anyways, TV is called an idiot box, I am just trying to be the reason for it," she concludes. 
Some statement that is, but are our TV producers listening?

Record-breaking spree: Sensex at 26 949.08 and Nity at 8 047.80Sensex surges past 27,000 to third consecutive life high
Reuters  Mumbai, September 02, 2014
First Published: 10:13 IST(2/9/2014) | Last Updated: 17:16 IST(2/9/2014)
Comments
The BSE Sensex on Tuesday surged past the psychologically key level of 27,000 to a third consecutive record high as blue-chips such as HDFC Bank gained after recent data raised hopes about the economy.
The BSE milestone comes a day after the broader Nifty surpassed the 8,000 level for the first time, providing a further psychological lift that has made India the best performer this year in dollar terms in Asian equities.
Traders attributed the gains on Tuesday to data showing the balance of payments was in surplus for a third straight quarter, while current account deficit widened but stayed within comfort.
The data comes after a report last week showed that the economy grew a faster-than-expected 5.7% in the April-June quarter, sparking hopes the election of Prime Minister Narendra Modi would usher in a period of economic renewal.
In addition, easy global monetary policies are helping push funds into emerging markets. Overseas investors bought Indian shares worth 5.54 billion rupees ($91.53 million) on Monday, taking their total purchase to over $13 billion so far in 2014.
"With steady US bond yields despite ongoing taper and most other central banks in an easing mode, the global liquidity is strong and is looking for better investment avenues in emerging markets.
With domestic fundamentals on an improving trend, India is well positioned to receive global flows," said Harsha Upadhyaya, chief investment officer-equity at Kotak Mutual Fund.
The 30-share BSE Sensex rose as much as 0.8% to a record high of 27,082.85 before ending 0.57% higher.
The Nifty also hit a record high, rising as much as 0.92% to 8,101.95. It ended up 0.69%.
Blue-chip stocks led gains. HDFC Bank rose 2.1%, while ITC gained 1.2%. Reliance Industries rose 1%, while Bharti Airtel gained 4.2%.
Housing Development Finance Corp rose 0.7%, while Oil and Natural gas Corporation gained 1.1%. Cipla Ltd ended 5.3% higher after marking a record high of Rs. 575 after launching an anti-asthma inhaler in Germany and Sweden.
Other drug makers also gained. Sun Pharmaceutical Industries ended up 2.5%, while Lupin rose 1.5%.
However, metal stocks fell on continued worries around pending top court's hearing on September 9 about whether to cancel the allocations of coal blocks it ruled as illegal last week.
Jindal Steel and Power fell 3.2%, while Hindalco Industries lost 0.7%.

DDA removes housing loan scheme brochure after site crashesDDA removes housing scheme brochure after site crashes
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 02, 2014
First Published: 02:34 IST(2/9/2014) | Last Updated: 16:39 IST(2/9/2014)
Comments
The DDA removed its housing scheme brochure from the website on Tuesday after it crashed on Monday. Users can now visit bank websites for downloading forms.
The first day of the roll-out of the Delhi Development Authority's (DDA) biggest-ever housing scheme was marked by chaos, confusion and crashed websites.
Read: Your guide to book a flat under the new DDA housing scheme in Delhi
The authority fell woefully short of brochures for the housing scheme, 2014. A large number of branches of the 13 empanelled banks in Delhi-NCR and other cities were expected to start the sale of forms from the morning but several of them didn't have the brochures on Monday.
HT had on August 29 reported about the delay in printing of brochures.
The DDA had assured that even if adequate number of brochures were not available in the initial few days after the scheme was launched, applicants would be able to download them from the authority's website.
There were, however, not enough preparedness on DDA's part to strengthen its server's capacity despite the expected interest among the public.
By 9am on Monday, half an hour before the scheme was officially launched, the DDA website registered more than five lakh hits. Not used to such high traffic, the website crashed.
Despite the efforts of DDA's IT department, the website was restored in the afternoon but crashed again.
Many of the empanelled banks too had made the brochure available for download on their sites but these too crumbled under the heavy traffic.
A huge crowd of hopefuls thronged the DDA headquarters Vikas Sadan to buy brochures even though senior DDA officials had earlier said these would only be available at bank branches.
The DDA had opened one counter for the sale of forms but it was not enough to cope with the huge crowd, resulting in chaos. The authority later opened five more counters to cater to the demand.
"We were not expecting such a huge demand for brochures on the first day," said DDA vice-chairman Balvinder Kumar. He said the DDA server was not equipped to handle such huge traffic and crashed after five lakh hits.
"We expected people to visit bank websites too but most of them went to our website first. Also, there were huge queues at Vikas Sadan today," he said.
"I have asked for the server to be upgraded but it will take a few days. Seeing the demand, we are expecting around 20 lakh applications this time," he said.
A DDA spokesperson said that over 8,000 people bought brochures at Vikas Sadan on Monday and claimed that about 22,000 forms were sold through different bank branches.
Hindustan Times, however, found brochures to be unavailable at different bank branches spread across Delhi and NCR.
The largest chunk of the flats - 22,627 out of total 25,034 - are one bedroom units with a drawing room, kitchen and bathroom and located mostly in Dwarka, Rohini and Narela. The price ranges between Rs. 14-22 lakh for the one bedroom flats, Rs. 41-69 lakh for two bedroom flats and Rs. 69 lakh to Rs. 1.2 crore for three bedroom flats. There are also 700 flats for the Economically Weaker Sections that are priced at Rs. 5.87 lakh to Rs. 9.9 lakh.

Najeeb Jung may pitch for fresh polls in his reportNajeeb Jung may pitch for fresh polls in his report
Shishir Gupta , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 02, 2014
First Published: 00:52 IST(2/9/2014) | Last Updated: 10:18 IST(2/9/2014)
Comments
Delhi Lieutenant-Governor Najeeb Jung is expected to send a report this week to President Pranab Mukherjee on the status of the Delhi assembly and the possible options of government formation. The report will be sent before the AAP petition on dissolution of the assembly comes up for directions in the Supreme Court on September 9.
Advertisement
Authoritative sources in the government said Jung will recommend two options: either call on the single-largest party in the assembly, the BJP, to form the government or go for re-election.
Delhi has been without a government for over six months after the assembly was suspended in February when AAP leader Arvind Kejriwal resigned as chief minister to fight in the Lok Sabha elections.
While the L-G, under advice from the President, may invite the BJP to form a minority government in Delhi, there are chances that this option won’t be picked up and an early election in January 2015 could be on the horizon for the Capital.
Sources said that once the report is sent to the President, it will be referred to home minister Rajnath Singh from where it will be sent to the Union cabinet for decision.
If the cabinet decides in favour of a minority BJP government then the L-G may invite BJP Delhi president Satish Upadyaya to form the government.
In case, the BJP declines to form the government, then Jung will recommend dissolution of the assembly to the President.
The BJP at present has 28 assembly members, down from 31, after its legislators Harsh Vardhan, Ramesh Bidhuri and Pervesh Verma were elected to the Lok Sabha. The AAP has 28 members and the Congress has eight.
Incidentally, Kejriwal had written to the L-G on May 20 not to dissolve the assembly as he wanted to ascertain public opinion on whether he should form the government again. “That letter has not been withdrawn by Kejriwal,” said a senior Delhi government official.

Rupee Falls to 60.68 Per DollarYou are here: Home Forex
Rupee Falls to 60.68 Per Dollar
Agencies | Updated On: September 02, 2014 10:20 (IST)
The rupee was trading at 60.60 versus Monday's close of 60.52. It fell to 60.68 earlier in the session.
The rupee tracked weaker emerging Asian forex after US Labour Day holiday on Monday.
Data on Monday showed current account deficit (CAD) widened sharply from previous quarter. CAD is still sharply narrower than a year earlier and traders said within sustainable limits.
Balance of payments was in surplus for a third straight quarter. The rupee is seen holding in a 60.50-60.75 range during the day.
Exporters are expected to step up dollar sales around 60.70.
(With inputs from Reuters)

Cipla Soars Over 8% on Launch of Anti-Asthma InhalerWall Street Little Changed After Weak Payrolls Report
Cipla shares rose as much as 8.7 per cent on Tuesday after the drugmaker launched a generic version of GlaxoSmithKline's anti-asthma inhaler Advair in Germany and Sweden. Cipla is the first company to launch a generic version of the inhaler in these two countries.
The inhaler will be sold under the Serroflo brand in Germany. In Sweden, it will be marketed as Salmeterol/Fluticasone Cipla, the company said in a statement.
Praful Bohra of Nirmal Bang Institutional Equities told NDTV that UK launch will be a key trigger for the stock. Cipla could eventually corner $140 million to $150 million in revenues from the inhaler business, which could add potential Rs 100 per share, he added.
By early 2016, Cipla expects to get an approval to launch the inhaler in UK, which accounts for over 50 per cent of the drug's estimated $800 million market in Europe. Nearly 30 million patients, under the age of 45 years, suffer from asthma in Europe.
"Over the next 12-18 months we will see a series of launches throughout Europe as we know that there is a common need for high quality, affordable, reliable and thus sustainable therapy-alternatives ...," Cipla managing director and Global CEO Subhanu Saxena said.
Cipla traded 7.2 per cent higher at Rs 567.30 as of 09.55 a.m., outperforming the broader Healthcare sub-index on the BSE, which traded with 1.6 per cent gains
Story first published on: September 02, 2014 09:59 (IST)
MORE FROM NDTV

AirAsia s Festive Offer to Fly You Abroad at Rs. 2 599Facebook Ready to Spend Billions to Bring Whole World Online: CEO Zuckerberg
AirAsia started a 'Festive Holiday Sale' on Monday, offering special fares to fly you abroad. Booking for the discounted airfares started on Monday, September 1 and will continue till September 7. The travel period to avail the promotional fares is between September 2, 2014 and January 31, 2015.
While Chennai to Kuala Lumpur tickets are available for an all-inclusive price of Rs 5699, Bangalore to Kuala Lumpur tickets would cost Rs 6699 under the special offer.
Cochin to Kuala Lumpur seats are up for grabs for as low as Rs 2599, while Kolkata to Kuala Lumpur would cost you Rs 6299. ( See rates on all routes )
AirAsia India, a three-way venture between Malaysia-based AirAsia Berhad, Tata Group and Delhi-based investment firm Telestra Tradeplace, had launched its maiden flight on June 12 from Bangalore to Goa.
Story first published on: September 01, 2014 17:34 (IST)

Q1FY15 CAD narrows to 1.7% YoY as trade deficit improves06:00 pm
India's Current Account Deficit narrowed sharply to 1.7 per cent of GDP in the April-June quarter of this fiscal mainly on account of reduction in trade deficit, and a steep decline in gold imports.
"The lower CAD was primarily on account of a contraction in the trade deficit contributed by both a rise in exports and a decline in imports," RBI said in a statement.
CAD narrowed sharply to USD 7.8 billion (1.7 per cent of GDP) in the first quarter of the 2014-15 fiscal, from USD 21.8 billion (4.8 per cent of GDP) in the year-ago period.
However, it was higher than USD 1.2 billion (0.2 per cent of GDP) in the fourth (January-March) quarter of the previous fiscal, 2013-14.
Decline in imports was primarily led by a steep 57.2 per cent fall in gold imports, which amounted to USD 7 billion - significantly lower than USD 16.5 billion in the April-June quarter of 2013-14, RBI said.
Trade deficit contracted by about 31.4 per cent to USD 34.6 billion in Q1 2014-15, from USD 50.5 billion in Q1, 2013-14.
Exports increased by 10.6 per cent in the first quarter of 2014-15 to USD 81.7 billion. Imports moderated by 6.5 per cent to USD 116.4 billion.
The CAD, which is the difference between the inflow and outflow of foreign currency, had touched a record high of USD 87.8 billion (4.8 per cent) in 2012-13 fiscal mainly on account of steep increase in gold imports.
It had narrowed to USD 32.4 billion (1.7 per cent) for the entire 2013-14 fiscal after government imposed import restrictions on the precious metal.
As per the Balance of Payments (BoP) data released today, on net basis, both foreign direct investment and portfolio investment recorded inflows in the first quarter of 2014-15.
While net inflow on account of portfolio investment was USD 12.4 billion, net FDI inflow was substantially higher at USD 8.2 billion.
"There was a net accretion of USD 11.2 billion to India's foreign exchange reserves in first quarter of 2014-15 as against a draw down of USD 0.3 billion in Q1 of 2013-14," RBI said.
This is the third straight quarter in which there has been a net addition to foreign exchange reserve, reflecting an improvement in the BoP situation.
Net inflows of NRI deposits amounted to USD 2.4 billion in June quarter of 2014-15, as compared to USD 5.5 billion in the same quarter of previous fiscal.
Is widening of CAD a worry?
Indranil Pan of Kotak believes the widening of the current account deficit is not an immediate worry but may impact the gross domestic product if the mining of metals is not increased substantially.
According to Pan, the trade deficit is likely to increase if government does not come out with a clear decision on coal block allocation and metal mining soon. The move will not only broaden the CAD but will also impact the economic growth of the country, he adds.
With inputs from PTI

With diesel loss at historic low  experts see OMCs  upgradeSep 02, 2014, 09.14 AM IST  | Source: PTI
With diesel loss at historic low, experts see OMCs' upgrade
Domestic rating agency ICRA said that diesel prices reaching market prices is credit positive for the petroleum sector.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
With diesel loss at historic low, experts see OMCs' upgrade
Domestic rating agency ICRA said that diesel prices reaching market prices is credit positive for the petroleum sector.
Post your opinion here
 
As diesel loss touched an all-time low of just 8 paise as of Monday, due to staggered deregulation which began in September 2012, analysts have called for giving oil marketers a free hand to decide diesel prices, since this would be credit-positive for oil marketing companies (OMCs).
"Now is the right time for the government to decontrol diesel price and allow oil marketing companies to price diesel according to global rates. This will help the government achieve its fiscal consolidation targets," India Ratings said in a note.
Also Read: Want to make biz environment conducive for diesel cos, says BJP
On September 14, 2012 the UPA government had hiked the diesel price by Rs 5 per litre and thereafter OMCs were allowed to increase it by around 50 paise every month. Meanwhile, domestic rating agency ICRA said that diesel prices reaching market prices is credit positive for the petroleum sector.
"We believe a decision on full diesel price deregulation could potentially be a credit positive for the petroleum sector, which could send positive signals to investors. Also, deregulation could stimulate entry of private sector into diesel retailing, bringing much-needed competition in the sector," ICRA said.
According to ICRA, if lower crude prices remain for the rest of FY15, under-recoveries would fall to around Rs 90,000 crore and those on diesel would fall to almost one-fourth, to Rs 15,000 crore this fiscal, from Rs 62,800 crore in FY14. India Ratings said that the staggered diesel price hike, along with declining global crude prices and a rupee rally, helped reduce the diesel under recovery to a record low of 8 paise a litre as of Monday.
On September 14, 2012, crude oil was trading USD 113.64 bbl, and the rupee at 55.47 to the dollar and under recovery at Rs 13.86 per litre, taking total daily under recovery of OMCs at Rs 498 crore, India Ratings said. ICRA said that between September 2012 and the second fortnight of May 2013, the rupee remained stable but crude price slipped to USD 101.07 per bbl.
However, a sharp fall of the rupee in June-August 2013, increased both diesel under-recovery and total daily loss to Rs 12.12 per litre and Rs 486 crore respectively, ICRA said. This staggered diesel price hike not only limited the impact on inflation, but also brought down total loss to Rs 1,39,869 crore in FY14, from Rs 1,61,029 crore in FY13, India Ratings said.
RELATED NEWS

RBI tweaks Basel III capital norms halves maturity to 5 yrsSep 02, 2014, 09.02 AM IST  | Source: PTI
RBI tweaks Basel III capital norms,halves maturity to 5 yrs
"Banks can also issue tier II capital instruments with a minimum maturity of at least 5 years compared to 10 years at present," the central bank said.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
RBI tweaks Basel III capital norms,halves maturity to 5 yrs
"Banks can also issue tier II capital instruments with a minimum maturity of at least 5 years compared to 10 years at present," the central bank said.
Post your opinion here
 
The Reserve Bank today issued revised and final guidelines for raising non-equity regulatory capital instruments by banks under the stringent Basel III framework under which lenders can issue tier 2 capital with a minimum original maturity of 5 years as against 10 years now.
"Banks can also issue tier II capital instruments with a minimum maturity of at least 5 years compared to 10 years at present," the central bank said late this evening. It further said banks can issue tier 2 debt capital instruments to retail investors, subject to the board approval.
Also Read: Basel III: LCR norms to make life tougher for Indian banks
"Banks may now additional tier 1 capital instrument with the principal loss absorption through either conversion into common shares or write-down mechanism (temporary or permanent) which allocates losses to the instruments," the regualtor said in a notification. The apex bank, however, said the terms and conditions of all non-equity capital instruments (both additional tier I & II) issued by banks must have a provision that requires suchinstruments to either be permanently written off or converted into common shares upon the occurrence of the 'point of non-viability (PONV)' trigger event.
The RBI said banks shall ensure the non-common equity capital instruments issued by them meet all the eligibility criteria such as legal, accounting and operational, to qualify for recognition as regulatory capital instruments. The guidelines said the call option on additional tier I instruments- perpetual non-cumulative preference shares (PNCPS) and perpetual debt instruments (PDIs) will be permissible at the initiative of the issuer after the instrument has run for at least five years.
"The loss absorbency features of the instrument should be clearly explained, and the investor's sign-off for having understood these features and other terms and conditions of the instrument should be obtained," RBI said, adding the new norms will be applicable with immediate effect.
RELATED NEWS

See Sensex at 30K by Aug; like autos  banks: Nomura08:00 am
Prabhat Awasthi, Head of Equities & MD, India Nomura Financial Advisory sees Sensex at 30,000 in 12-months time on the back of earnings growth momentum. He says there is no reason to become structurally negative on India right now.
Benchmark indices markets continued their winning streak for the eighth straight session with Nifty breaching the 8,050-mark for the first time in trade on Tuesday, and the Sensex surging to new life-time highs of 26,932.67 boosted by positive economic growth data for the April-June quarter .
Awasthi expects market to re-rate on inflation and growth based tailwinds. In fact, he believes the recent election-led euphoria discounts the expectations of pick up in growth.
Nomura has upgraded autos and industrials to overweight from earlier rating of underweight. Awasthi continues to prefer financials over other domestic plays and in that his top pick is ICICI Bank , followed by  Axis Bank and SBI . He also likes GAIL , Coal India , Container Corp , Tata Motors ,  L&T and HCL Tech .
Below is the transcript of Prabhat Awasthi's interview to CNBC-TV18’s Latha Venkatesh and Sonia Shenoy
Latha: We are at 8,050 and still counting. Is this market breaching all the targets that you experts gave it much earlier than you thought?
A: Our target on 12 months basis is now at 30,000, which is still about 10 percent away from here or slightly more—12-13 percent on about 11 month basis. So, we generally are still constructive. But clearly there have been data points, which give you reason to be cheerful about India. The growth numbers are definitely looking better than expected. The signs that the overall macro stability with the growth will work very much in favour of the market is clearly positive. Globally, India is looking very attractive in terms of both growth paradigm and also from the long-term structural policy perspective. So there is no reason to become structurally negative or anything, we will remain positively biased over the longer-term.
Latha: Your economist Sonal Verma has called for 6 percent gross domestic product (GDP) growth this year and if I am not mistaken it is at 6.7 percent for the next year. Have you drilled it down into earnings growth? Have you revised your earnings growth forecast for the current year itself, is there a big bounce you are expecting in FY16?
A: If you look at the earnings forecast for this year, they are closer to 15 percent growth, which is not that much away from 6 percent GDP growth. In fact, 5 percent GDP growth will probably correspond to 10 percent number. I am just hypothecating and I would think a 5 percent GDP growth should maintain to 12 percent growth in toplines, which will not result in 15 percent growth in general. So consensus forecast are not way off the mark compared to 6 percent GDP growth. That is because analysts continue to make changes in their forecast as the numbers come on quarterly basis and they sort of continue to keep up-to-date. The next year forecast could have upside but currently the numbers are closer to 16 percent, they could go up a couple of percentage point from here but it is still early days to take a call on that. But if the recovery does remain as strong as we expect, there might be some hope for earnings in FY16.
Sonia: I was noticing your long-only basket of stocks and you have made a lot of money in the last move, there is Havells India, Larsen and Toubro (L&T), Maruti, Tata Motors, Dabur all stocks that have been hitting new highs, how does one position their portfolio? Do you increase weightage on some of these cyclical pockets like autos and capital goods or do you still continue to hold defensives like IT?
A: The portfolio construction is a matter of two things. One is the fundamental call that you have and along with that you have to balance the valuation picture. While we generally are quite positive on India’s prospects, we also have to recognise the fact that there are sectors, which are also growing, which are not necessarily play on India. For example, IT is doing well because US economy is picking up and our expectation is that the volume growth will remain strong and with respect to that the valuations still do not look expensive to us.
That is a very clear call. It is a fundamental call based on what our analysts think, based on what we think in terms of the valuations with respect to the market and therefore we are comfortable holding IT here.
If you had gone one to one and a half year back, if you would have seen our portfolio, we had IT, pharma and consumer as overweights. Over a period of time, we have shifted that position completely in favour of domestic cyclicals starting first with consumers about one and a half years ago to underweight.
The portfolio does reflect a lot of positive bias for improving domestic fundamentals but that doesn’t take away the fact that there could be sectors, which are not necessarily driven off India which are still reasonably priced and may perform as well as the market going forward.
Moneycontrol view question: Should retail investors invest in divestment candidates like Coal India & ONGC?
A: Public sector undertakings (PSUs) in general, in a strong government, definitely are not bad choice to invest in and if you do get a discount on valuation when it is probably even more positive. So there is nothing wrong in investing in disinvestment especially if you have a very strong government at the centre which is looking at reforming the entire decision-making process across all spectrums of government, be it at the government level or at PSU level. So there could be value.
RELATED NEWS

Upbeat on industrials; buy Voltas  hold LT  KEC: ReligareAug 28, 2014, 04.12 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Upbeat on industrials; buy Voltas, hold L&T, KEC: Religare
Religare is of the view that second half of FY15 should see order inflow traction in the power transmission, transportation infrastructure and water segments.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Upbeat on industrials; buy Voltas, hold L&T, KEC: Religare
Religare is of the view that second half of FY15 should see order inflow traction in the power transmission, transportation infrastructure and water segments.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
The outlook for Indian industrials sector remains positive however, a ground-level pick-up is still awaited, says Religare. The research firm recently hosted a conference on the Indian industrials sector attended by nine companies including an industry expert.
The global slowdown and policy paralysis that prevailed in the last five years has hit the sector's growth hard. But with the new government in place, green shoots are beginning to appear on the macro-economic front and there is growing optimistic about revival of this sector.
Also Read: Why earnings recovery will drive next leg of market rally
Based on the commentary from various managements, Religare is of the view that second half of FY15 should see order inflow traction in the power transmission, transportation infrastructure and water segments.
Also, the prospects for a pick-up in sales of short-cycle industrial goods like engines, pumps and compressors, are healthier compared to long-cycle businesses, it adds. Further, a recovery in long-cycle businesses is contingent on reforms across the infrastructure sector. 
On specific stocks in this space, Religare recommends buying Voltas . It has a hold rating on  L&T and KEC International .
RELATED NEWS

Ganeshaspeaks: Market prediction for September 02Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Ganeshaspeaks: Market prediction for September 02
Around 9.30, you may sell, around 11.00, you may buy, says Ganesha.
Post your opinion here
By Shri Dharmesh Joshi of Ganeshaspeaks
Please consider 10 minutes plus and minus in each prediction, and act accordingly.
Ganesha advises you to compare every prediction with the prediction of the previous time slot.
Jupiter, Mercury, Saturn are exalted and Sun is in its own Sign – Thus, the results on individuals' personal Kundali shall be very good. However, there is a possibility that Nifty may also slide on the opposite side.
Delivery base Intra-day may also be done.
Around 9.30, you may sell, around 11.00, you may buy.
Around 12.30, you may sell; around 13.40, you may buy.
Shri Dharmesh Joshi is a protege of Bejan Daruwalla and belongs to the team of astrologers declared as official successors to his astrological legacy, by none other than Bejan Daruwalla himself, in an event in Mumbai on the 23rd Nov, 2009.
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/astrologers on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
RELATED NEWS

Tharoor slams Kerala government s decision to ban alcohol  says it will hit revenue  tourism#shashi tharoor #kerala #alcohol ban #congress #revenue #tourism
New Delhi: The Kerala government continues to face criticism over its decision to ban alchohol in the state. Congress MP from Kerala Shashi Tharoor has said that the decision will hit revenue and tourism in the state.
Tharoor said, "It is a widely popular decision, but there are issues with which people have not yet grappled. One is the colossal hit that will be taken by the revenue as 22 per cent comes from alchool excise. As a result, Kerala will have to cut on its social services which have given it a high social development standing in India."
He added that there has been a political competition to prove that one was much holier than the other. "There is a bit of political competition to show one is holier than thou but I don't think everything was fully thought through."
He pointed out that the experiment to ban alcohol has worked in Gujarat and Manipur, but has failed in Andhra Pradesh, Haryana and US. "We need to ask ourselves what made it succeed or fail in some places. The Tamil Nadu government has declared that they'll open TASMAC (liquor shops) outlets along Kerala-Tamil Nadu border to cater to the thirsty kerala consumers, so Kerala will not drink less but the excise duty will go to Tamil Nadu instead."

Kolkata: Fire in Chatterjee International building near Park Street  area cordoned offMuzaffarnagar riot victims to sell houses at throwaway prices, live in ghettos 17 hours 3 minutes ago
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

India s ancient Nalanda University repoens after 800 years#nalanda university #bihar #east asia summit #bihar
Rajgir: After more than 800 years, India's ancient University of Nalanda has re-opened with 15 students enrolling in the university. The Union government has sanctioned Rs 2,700 crore for the project which is scheduled to be completed by 2020.
The Nalanda University, an ancient international centre for learning in Bihar which has attracted over 1,000 applications from around the world began its first academic session with 15 students including three from Bihar, and 10 faculty members.
Studies are currently going on at its newly established campus at Rajgir. The University is currently offering seven subjects including history and environment studies.
Nalanda was ancient India's premier University which was destroyed in 1193 by invaders. In 2006, former Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar announced plans to re-develop the university. The Bihar government's plans to re-establish the university campus are set to be completed by 2021.
The university is an initiative of the Indian government and the 18 East Asia Summit (EAS) countries. During his trip to Brunei in October 2013, then prime minister Manmohan Singh had inked agreements with seven EAS countries - Australia, Cambodia, Singapore, Brunei, New Zealand, Laos and Myanmar - that have pledged their commitment to the project.
The NU came into existence by the Nalanda University Act passed by Parliament. Economist Amartya Sen is the Chairman of the Governing Body of the university, while renowned teachers from various countries are its members.
Former Singapore foreign minister George Yeo and Ministry of External Affairs Secretary Anil Wadhwa are also part of the governing body.

The key differences between Indian and Chinese students studying in the USIndia sends more students to US universities than any other country but China.Reuters/Brian Snyder
SHARE
Saptarishi Dutta @saptarishidutta
September 2, 2014
India and China already compete over global influence and natural resources. Here’s a new area of rivalry—the number of students each has in America.
From 2008-12, India sent 168,034 students to the US, accounting for 15% of the total foreign students studying there,  according to a new Brookings Institution report . This number is second only to China’s 284,173 students enrolled in various programs in US universities during the same period.
Share
Tap image to zoom
The reasons students from the two countries opt to head to the US are different, though. Most Indian students arrive in the US to complete a graduate degree. Very few—only 10%— attend an undergraduate or doctoral program. On the other hand, 44% of Chinese students head to the US as soon as they finish secondary school and pursue research more often than Indian students.
Share
Tap image to zoom
As for choice of disciplines, technical programs, known as STEM (short for science, technology, engineering and mathematics) are a clear favorite for Indian students. Around 32% of Indian students are enrolled in engineering programs, compared with just 17% of Chinese students. In fact, Hyderabad is the top source of STEM students in the US with 20,840 students (though the city’s figures might be inflated by other factors ). Overall, non-technical programs are more popular among Chinese students, with 61% of them enrolling in non-tech subjects like business and marketing.
Indian students’ love of technical subjects isn’t surprising, given India’s thriving outsourcing industry. The country has  more computer programmers than Silicon Valley .
Share
Tap image to zoom
However, obtaining an education may not be the sole reason Chinese students flock to the US. After completing their education in the US, most Chinese students don’t want to move back to China, thanks to a cocktail of adverse political and social factors back home. They wish to stay and work in the U.S. first—and this  temporary stay often translates to a longer or a permanent stay . A study by consultant Bain & Co. shows that around  60% of wealthy Chinese want to leave China .
Attitudes in India are markedly different. Indians graduating abroad aren’t as apprehensive about coming back to the country due to political or social considerations. In fact, when it comes to India, it seems that a cycle of reverse brain drain is slowly kicking in . Many Indians are returning home to work in investment banks, consultancy firms and large media organizations.
Share this:

Cipla launches copy of GSK s top asthma drugCipla launches copy of GSK's top asthma drug in Germany, Sweden
Reuters –  Mon 1 Sep, 2014 6:33 PM IST
Print
MUMBAI (Reuters) - Cipla Ltd (CIPL.NS) has launched an anti-asthma inhaler in Germany and Sweden that is a generic version of GlaxoSmithKline Plc's (GSK.L) Advair, a move that will further dent sales of the British firm's top-selling product.
Cipla's drug will be marketed under the name Serrofloin in Germany and Salmeterol/Fluticasone Cipla in Sweden, the Mumbai-based company said in a statement on Monday.
In December, Denmark became the first European country to approve for sale a generic version of GlaxoSmithKline's $8 billion-a-year Advair, and analysts have been expecting more such approvals.
Making copies of inhaled drugs such as Advair is a challenge because of the complexity of making a device that effectively delivers the medicine directly into the lungs.
 
(Reporting by Zeba Siddiqui in Mumbai; Editing by Prateek Chatterjee)
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Italian PM Renzi and JSW's Jindal hold steel investment talks
Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi held talks with JSW Steel Chairman Sajjan Jindal on Saturday, a government official said, as the Indian tycoon weighs investments in the country's Lucchini and Ilva steelmakers.  "The focus of the conversation was the issue of industrial policy, and of investments in Italy's steel sector," said an official, who declined to be identified.  Industry Minister Federica Guidi was also at the meeting, which took place in Renzi's home town of Florence, the official …
Dena Bank readies forensic audit report
Chennai, Sep 6 (IANS) Dena Bank is now monitoring all transactions of over Rs.5 crore online even as the forensic audit of the bank's Malabar Hill branch in Mumbai, involved in the alleged siphoning off of funds, is expected to be ready soon, said a top official.  "The forensic audit report is expected to be ready.  We are now monitoring all online transactions over Rs.5 crore," Ashwani Kumar, chairman and managing director, told reporters here Saturday.  As per filings with the stock exchange, …
Fewer Free Transactions On Third-party ATMs
If you are  in the habit of frequenting to the neighbourhood ATM (automated teller  machine) to withdraw cash for minor reasons, the habit may cost you dear  now.  The reason is that the number of free transactions from  third-party ATMs has been reduced from five to three in a month in six  metro cities--Mumbai, New Delhi, Chennai, Kolkata, Bengaluru and  Hyderabad.  Any transaction beyond this limit would invite a  charge of up to Rs 20 a transaction.  "The number of free  transactions should …
Chart
 
Your most recently viewed tickers will automatically show up here if you type a ticker in the "Enter symbol/company" at the bottom of this module.
You need to enable your browser cookies to view your most recent quotes.
Search for share prices
Sign-in to view quotes in your portfolios.
Most Popular Stories
Terms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

Housing demand in metros to pick up soon‘Housing demand in metros to pick up soon’
Recommend
Link
7 days ago, ET NOW
Demand for housing in metro cities will pick up in the second half of this year, according to property consultants CBRE.
More on ET NOW:
India Newzstreet - Fri 5 Sep, 2014 2:20 PM IST
LATEST ET NOW VIDEOS
Terms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

Wilful defaulter tag may impact Mallya s MCF ownership battleHi Guest
Wilful defaulter tag may impact Mallya's MCF ownership battle
United Bank of India (UBI)’s decision to declare UB Group chief Vijay Mallya a wilful defaulter has cast a shadow on Zuari chief Saroj Poddar’s plan to jointly own controlling stake in Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers (MCF). Poddar and Mallya had jointly made an open offer for additional stake in the fertiliser company, and this was approved by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi). According to a May 12 agreement between the UB Group and Poddar’s Adventz Group, ...

Japanese investors may invest in IndiaJapanese investors may invest in India
July Core Sector Growth Decelerates to 2.7%July Core Sector Growth Decelerates to 2.7%
Economy gives out mixed signalsEconomy gives out mixed signals
OilMin takes up Modi s Make In India  call  to manufacture LNG carriers domesticallyOilMin takes up Modi s Make In India  call  to manufacture LNG carriers domestically
PM Narendra Modi signal: sitting down with Japan  standing up to ChinaPM Narendra Modi signal: sitting down with Japan  standing up to China
Modi includes two nominees of Japan in special teamModi includes two nominees of Japan in special team
Russia may retaliate against fresh EU sanctionsRussia may retaliate against fresh EU sanctions
Pakistan government considers decisive action against protestersPakistan government considers decisive action against protesters
Waiting for lower circuit to buy moreCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Yes stupid question !!!Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Hahaha.. nice say tukkaji but i am economist with few worms of trader ...Gold Member
7 Followers
most of these funds doesnt have underlying asset all are coming because of printing dollars and floating into market... not sure but one day whole market will go for recession once again we are rising because tgese coming to our market but not to our busines or to our manufacturing and to have a sustain growth we should build our primary and secondary market
In reply to : rjtukkagreat message
10.17 AM Sep 2nd

18 lakh plus shares traded on nse in one hour. good goingCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

MD & Head of Equity Research NomuraMD & Head of Equity Research
Nomura
Expertise : Equity - Fundamental 
Prabhat`s has over 17 years` experience in the Indian equity markets and brings invaluable experience and relationships to the role. He joined Nomura in October 2008 as the Head of Equity Research, India, which he will continue to oversee. Prabhat joined Nomura from Lehman Brothers, where he held the same position. Prior to that, Prabhat was a founding member of the BRICS Securities business acquired by Lehman Brothers in 2007. Mr. Awasthi built successful careers at JP Morgan, Morgan Stanley and CRISIL where he began his career in 1994. Under his leadership, the India research team has been best in class and achieved runners up positions in the Institutional Investor rankings in 2004, 2007 and 2011
ABOUT Prabhat Awasthi
Prabhat`s has over 17 years` experience in the Indian equity markets and brings invaluable experience and relationships to the role. He joined Nomura in October 2008 as the Head of Equity Research, India, which he will continue to oversee. Prabhat joined Nomura from Lehman Brothers, where he held the same position. Prior to that, Prabhat was a founding member of the BRICS Securities business acquired by Lehman Brothers in 2007. Mr. Awasthi built successful careers at JP Morgan, Morgan Stanley an...

Sr Vice President Edelweiss SecuritiesExpertise : Equity - Fundamental 
Prasad Baji is a Senior VP at Edelweiss Capital. Before joining Edelweiss Capital he   was AVP at ICICI Bank & trainee engineer in Siemens. He has fifteen work experience years in financial services across equities and credit. He has done his PGDBM (equiv to MBA), Finance from Indian Institute of Management, Calcutta.
ABOUT Prasad Baji
Prasad Baji is a Senior VP at Edelweiss Capital. Before joining Edelweiss Capital he   was AVP at ICICI Bank & trainee engineer in Siemens. He has fifteen work experience years in financial services across equities and credit. He has done his PGDBM (equiv to MBA), Finance from Indian Institute of Management, Calcutta.

CIO & ED Centrum Wealth MgmtDon't have an account yet? - Register now
Thank you for posting your query
We will send it across to the expert; watch this space for the reply.
Your message will also be posted on our community on messageboard

MD Dalton Capital AdvisorsUR Bhat, Managing Director at Dalton Capital Advisors. He is Master of Science (M.Sc.), Physical Chemistry from IIT Kanpur
ABOUT UR Bhat
UR Bhat, Managing Director at Dalton Capital Advisors. He is Master of Science (M.Sc.), Physical Chemistry from IIT Kanpur

Rupee opens weak at 60.61 on dollar demandRupee down 17 paise at 60.69
Our Bureau/PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 2:  
The rupee declined 17 paise on Tuesday to close at 60.69 against the dollar tracking weaker Asian currencies despite stronger flows into the domestic equity markets.
The Indian unit had ended flat at 60.52 on Monday.
Tuesday, it opened at 60.61 against the dollar at the Interbank Foreign Exchange market.
Capital flows into the equity markets helped the rupee gain to 60.53 intraday. The BSE-benchmark Sensex ended 152 points higher at 27,020 at day’s close. However, Asian currencies weakened against the dollar thereby pushing down the rupee sentiments.
Dealers said the rupee will continue to move with a downward bias in the short term even as the central bank will continue to intervene so as to avoid sharp volatility in the Indian currency.
During the day, the rupee moved in the 16 paise range to end at its day’s low of 60.69.
Call and G-Sec rates
The interbank call money rate, the rate at which banks borrow short term funds from one another, ended slightly weaker at 6.90 per cent from the previous close of 7.00 per cent on Monday.
The yield on 10-year benchmark 8.40 per cent government security, maturing in 2024, softened to 8.52 per cent from 8.54 per cent. The price of the security rose to Rs 99.20 from Monday’s close of Rs 99.00.
(This article was published on September 2, 2014)

Sensex  Nifty touch new highs in early tradeSensex breaches 27,000-mark. Pharma, cement, and telecom stocks steal the show
Mumbai, Sept 2:  
Sensex gained 152 points to register a new record high, while Nifty was up 55 points to 8,083.
The benchmark index opened on a positive note at 26888 against the previous close of 26868. It touched a high of 27083 and low of 26886 and closed 27019.
The turnover on BSE was up Rs 3,355 crore against Rs 2,941 crore on Monday.
The market rally was led by cement, telecom and pharma stocks with signs of overall improvement in economy. The fall in current account deficit and dip in the international crude oil prices signalled a positive trend.
Maruti Suzuki India lost 0.09 per cent to Rs 2,913 as the company during market hours said it will open bookings for the mid-sized premium sedan Ciaz from tomorrow. Ciaz will be available in petrol and diesel fuel options.
Coal India fell 0.47 per cent to 365 even as the company said during market hours that the coal production of the company and its subsidiary companies at 34.54 million tonnes in August was 98 per cent of the target.
Current Account Deficit narrowed sharply to $7.8 billion or 1.7 per cent of GDP in June quarter from $21.8 billion or 4.8 per cent of GDP in the same period last year. The lower CAD was primarily on account of a contraction in the trade deficit contributed by a rise in exports and a decline in imports.
The major gainers were Coromandel International (10%), Cipla (5%), Suzlon (5%), Petronet (5%), Bharati Airtel (4%), Grasim (4%), IRB (4%), Jain Irrigation (4%), Century Textile (4%), Titan (4%) and Apollo Tyre (4%).
Prominent losers were Bhushan Steel (-5%), Jindal Steel (-3%), Indian Hotel (-2%) and REC Ltd (-2%).
(This article was published on September 2, 2014)

First 100 days: Cashing in on UPA schemes  PM Narendra Modi-led NDA takes them a step furtherEconomy
First 100 days: Cashing in on UPA schemes, PM Narendra Modi-led NDA takes them a step further
Ruhi Tewari | New Delhi | Updated:  Sep 02 2014, 10:08  IST
Sep 02 2014, 10:08  IST
 

Civil disobedience expected in fast food pay fightDGCA cracks down on Jet Airways, threatens to cancel licences of nearly 140 pilots
Last month, one of Jet Airways' planes plunged several thousand feet while flying over Turkey.

Wealth gap: US eating habits improve a bit except among poorDGCA cracks down on Jet Airways, threatens to cancel licences of nearly 140 pilots
Last month, one of Jet Airways' planes plunged several thousand feet while flying over Turkey.

Action packed TV might make you snack more: StudyDGCA cracks down on Jet Airways, threatens to cancel licences of nearly 140 pilots
Last month, one of Jet Airways' planes plunged several thousand feet while flying over Turkey.

Sensex  Nifty continue record-breaking spreeMarket update: BSE Sensex closes above 27,000 for first time, Nifty hits new high
Abhishek Vishnoi     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 2, 2014  | 17:41 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex on Tuesday surged past the psychologically key level of 27,000 to a third consecutive record high, as blue-chips such as HDFC Bank gained after recent data raised hopes about the economy.
The 30-share BSE barometer rose as much as 0.8 per cent to a record high of 27,082.85 before provisionally ending 0.57 per cent higher.
The milestone comes a day after the broader National Stock Exchange (NSE) Nifty surpassed the 8,000 level for the first time. The 50-share Nifty also hit a record high on Tuesday, rising as much as 0.92 per cent to 8,101.95. It provisionally ended up 0.69 per cent.
HDFC Bank rose 2.2 per cent, while ITC gained 1.4 per cent .
(Reuters)

BSE Sensex  NSE Nifty hit all-time records on positive economic dataDGCA cracks down on Jet Airways, threatens to cancel licences of nearly 140 pilots
Last month, one of Jet Airways' planes plunged several thousand feet while flying over Turkey.

Box office collections:  Guardians of the Galaxy  tops Labor Day  summerDGCA cracks down on Jet Airways, threatens to cancel licences of nearly 140 pilots
Last month, one of Jet Airways' planes plunged several thousand feet while flying over Turkey.

Classes in preparation for PM Narendra ModiDGCA cracks down on Jet Airways, threatens to cancel licences of nearly 140 pilots
Last month, one of Jet Airways' planes plunged several thousand feet while flying over Turkey.

Kim Kardashian cuts herhairPress Trust of India | Los Angeles |     September 2, 2014 10:43 am
Reality TV star Kim Kardashian has opted for a shorter hairstyle. The reality star, 33, snapped a close-up shot of herself, posting it to Instagram with the caption, “New hair cut alert #shorter #JenAtkin.”
Kardashian recently dished to a women’s magazine about her hair routine.
“I start out the first day with a clean blowout. The second day, I put in dry shampoo, which adds texture. Then, the third day, I sleek it and I straighten it, and then, the fourth day, I put our oil in it, and I make it a really sleek look. I might do a ponytail or a sleek bun. That’s my hair plan, and then I start over,” she had said.

Caffeinated energy drinks bad forheartIndo-Asian News Service | London |     September 2, 2014 10:36 am
“Energy” drinks which are so popular during physical exercise and even otherwise among children and younger adults can cause heart problems, a research shows.
“People sometimes consume a number of these drinks one after the other. This situation can lead to a number of adverse conditions, including angina, cardiac arrhythmia (irregular heartbeat) and even sudden death,” warned professor Milou-Daniel Drici from France.
Speaking at the European Society of Cardiology (ESC) Congress, 2014, in Barcelona, Spain, he said that around 96 percent of these drinks contain caffeine, with a typical 0.25 litre holding as much as two espressos worth of caffeine.
“We found that caffeine syndrome was the most common problem. It is characterised by a fast heart rate (called tachycardia), tremor, anxiety and headache,” he informed.
Caffeine is one of the most potent agonists – a chemical that binds to a receptor and activates the receptor to produce a biological response – of the ryanodine receptors and leads to a massive release of calcium within cardiac cells.
This can cause arrhythmias but also has effects on the heart’s abilities to contract and to use oxygen.
The current study analysed adverse events reported to A.N.S.E.S – the French agency for food safety.
The researchers found that consumption of the 103 energy drinks in France increased by 30 percent between 2009 and 2011 up to over 30 million litres.
“Doctors should warn patients with cardiac conditions about the potential dangers of these drinks and ask young people in particular whether they consume such drinks on a regular basis or binge drink,” Dr Drici concluded.

Harry Styles wears footballer Michael Sams jersey onstagePress Trust of India | Los Angeles |     September 2, 2014 10:34 am
One Direction singer Harry Styles wore Michael Sam’s jersey at his concert to show support for the footballer, who is the first gay player drafted into the National Football League.
Styles, 20, was pictured wearing Sam’s number 96 jersey at the evening for the St Louis Rams football team last week, reported People magazine.
St Louis Rams posted the picture of Styles and captioned it, “Check out onedirection’s HarryStyles rocking a MichaelSamNFL Rams jersey at the Edward Jones Dome last night.”

Daduwal mum about his resignationPrint
Written by Raakhi Jagga | Faridkot |     September 2, 2014 10:30 am
Even after three days of rumours about resignation of religious preacher Baljit Singh Daduwal as ad-hoc member of Haryana Sikh Gurdwara Management Committee (HSGMC), it hasn’t reached the office of the committee till date. Daduwal himself was mum on the issue when his relatives met him in jail.
Even as a hand-written page in Punjabi is being circulated among media circles, Didar Singh Nalwi, senior vice-president HSGMC, said: “First of all, news about his resignation is false and secondly even if he has written any such resignation letter, we have not received it.
Even if we receive it, we will not even think of it till the time Daduwal comes in person before us. It is the prerogative of the HSGMC whether to accept any resignation or not.”
Today family members of Daduwal met him inside Faridkot jail. However after meeting him, Gurmeet Singh, Daduwal’s father-in-law, said: “He did not say anything about his resignation. He himself will clarify once he comes out. So we cannot say anything.”
The one-page resignation written in Punjabi has not been addressed to anyone and a plain letter says that since the president, Jagdish Singh Jhinda, got involved in political activities and even announced to contest on Congress ticket, so he (Daduwal) resigned from the membership of HSGMC.
Nalwi said: “Is the resignation addressed to anyone? I doubt it is, so it is a fake letter being circulated by police at the behest of Punjab government just because Daduwal supported HSGMC.”
Meanwhile after meeting Daduwal, his family members and even other supporters lodged a protest outside the jail and raised slogans against SGPC and Punjab government.

Three students get Ganesh festivities a wide webreachThe web page has logged 45,000 likes.
Written by Anuradha Mascarenhas | Pune |     September 2, 2014 10:25 am
From bringing Lord Ganpati’s idols home, decorating a nicely scrubbed area to place the idol, preparing modaks and dressing in one’s best to perform aarti, to bidding adieu (visarjan), households and Ganesh mandals are sharing all this on the web.
A website http://www.ganpatimandal.com designed by engineering students and illustrated by a fine arts student, is offering households and mandals more web presence of the festivities.
Supported by OMCV, an IT company, the website reaches out to five lakh people on social media and has logged 45,000 likes. At least 5,000 households and mandals have registered with the website. “We have enquiries from London while one person from Bahrain has registered,” says Rahul Pawar, COO of OMCV.
“In just 20 days, we came up with this unique way of connecting people spiritually,” says 20-year-old Pradnyesh Molak, an engineering student with G H Raisoni College of Engineering.
Molak and his friend Amol Shinde from the same college and Samruddhi Kadulkar, a fine arts student of Abhinav Arts College, had come up with the idea to connect people via the social media.
“There are so many people who cannot go to Mumbai to see Lalbaugcha Raja and Mumbai’s Raja-Ganesh Galli. By getting these mandals on our website, citizens can get a dekko of events and other celebrations. In Pune too, some famous Ganesh mandals have registered,” Molak said.
Actor Nana Patekar is featured on the website.  Setting up a web page usually costs Rs 1,500. The students are offering households five pages for Rs 201, and to Ganesh mandals for Rs 1,001. To see to it that there is no unwanted content, a special advisory committee checks the website, the OMCV COO said.
Their teams are visiting households that have requested camerapersons and content writers to note festivities for the web page.
“We got several requests from Pimple Gurav in Pune and Wadala in Mumbai,” says Molak. A competition for Rate and Vote the best Ganpati has been organised. There are plans to book idols online next year.

In 100 days of Modi  have prices gone down  Sonia asks Rae BarelivillagersCongress president Sonia Gandhi inside the hut of a villager, in Rae Bareli on Monday. ( Source: PTI )
Written by Maulshree Seth | Rae Bareli |     September 2, 2014 10:23 am
Congress president Sonia Gandhi Monday slammed the Centre over rising prices after seeking opinion of villagers in her constituency, Rae Bareli, on whether they felt inflation has gone down in the 100 days of the Narendra Modi-led NDA government. “Mehngai kam hui kya (has inflation gone down?,” she asked locals while going village-to-village collecting applications and listening to their problems.
Stating that villagers were better judge of Modi’s 100 days and the promises he had made, she asked them: “Jawab do, kaise rahe yeh din? Kya vayede pure hue? Kya mehngai kam hui?(Answer me, how have been these days? Have promises been fulfilled? Has inflation gone down as promised?)”.
As villagers in Harchandpur block of Rae Bareli started narrating how rates of food items were going up, Sonia, talking to The Indian Express said, “This is the actual truth of 100 days of NDA government. They made many promises but fulfilled none”. This is Sonia’s first visit to villages of her constituency after Lok Sabha elections. During an earlier visit, she had spent just a few few hours thanking party workers for her victory.
Asked if Congress needed to become more aggressive in Uttar Pradesh, Sonia said, “We should become more aggressive everywhere. We are gradually picking up in UP”.
Sonia went door-to-door in five villages asking locals, especially women, about their problems. She started from Tanda village in Harchandpur block that gave her maximum votes during Lok Sabha elections. Villagers complained that for the past few months, they were hardly getting two to three hours of electricity in a day and even for these hours, the schedule was not regular. They said erratic power supply was affecting their crops.
In Rehanwa village too, locals said the minor canals were running dry affecting their irrigation. They asked Sonia to ensure better power supply. “There is major crisis of electricity here. Wherever I am going, people are complaining about electricity crisis, which is affecting their irrigation as well,” Sonia told The Indian Express.
Gopal Baheliya and his wife, from a Schedule Tribe, at Rehanwa village invited Sonia inside their hut and told her that despite various requests they have not been given a “pucca” house, which they are eligible for under welfare schemes. As other villagers also complained of similar problem, Sonia asked her staff to arrange for a camp in the village to ensure that eligible beneficiaries get the benefits.
Later she visited Fareedpur and Bakuliya villages and also offered prayers at a temple in Bheetargaon on the request of the villagers. In all these villages, she was given hundreds of applications by locals with complaints about works not being done or seeking sanctions for new works in their respective areas.
Later, Sonia inaugurated some development projects in her constituency. She continued…

Brad Pitt  Leonardo DiCapro  Robert De Niro in Martin Scorseses shortfilmPress Trust of India | London |     September 2, 2014 10:23 am
Oscar-winning director Martin Scorsese has recruited Leonardo DiCaprio, Brad Pitt and Robert De  Niro to star in a short film for a new resort campaign.
The 71-year-old filmmaker gathered the actors in New York City to shoot the film, which will be used for a campaign to promote Melco-Crown Entertainment’s movie-themed resort, Studio City, in Macau, reported Daily Telegraph.
The Casino-themed short film was written by ‘The Wolf of Wall Street’ screenwriter Terence Winter and will debut at the resort next year.
While both DiCaprio and De Niro are no strangers to acting in Scorsese’s films, this will mark Pitt’s first project with the filmmaker, as well as the first time the trio has worked together with Scorsese.
Pitt recently got married to longtime partner Angelina Jolie.

Its the way I am  says controversial filmmaker Ram GopalVarmaRam Gopal Varma: People will believe what they want to believe irrespective of what I say.
Mumbai |     September 2, 2014 10:23 am
Filmmaker Ram Gopal Varma, who was embroiled in controversy for his objectionable tweets on Lord Ganesh recently, believes in freedom of expression. He says expressing what he feels in a manner he likes, is the way he enjoys being.
Varma was Sunday booked under four sections of the Indian Penal Code, with a complainant alleging that the filmmaker hurt the religious sentiments of Hindus by insulting Lord Ganesh through his series of tweets.
In an interview, he has spoken about his controversial tweets, his films and his lack of camaraderie with people in the film industry.
Excerpts:
Q. You’ve done it again, stirred up a huge controversy, this time with your remarks on Lord Ganesh?
A. The moment you say, time and again it also means that it’s a part of my nature and inner personality to express what I feel in a manner I chose to. And this is not the first time I’ve done this. If people are interested, they can go and check my tweets in the last four years and they will find many similar ones.
Q. Are you proud of offending people?
A. It’s the way I am. If you remember, there was a huge furore over an abusive word I used against Amitabh Bachchan. Everybody got into a frenzy except him, whereas in reality, he should have been the only one to get upset. He didn’t get upset only because he knew and understood the context.
Q. I believe you are getting a lot of death threats after your Ganesh tweets. Doesn’t this kind of situation scare you?
A. It’s not true that I got death threats… as per the random comments from unknowns on the social network, everyone knows that those are just wild snarls from a hideout of anonymity.
Q. A lot of people believe you deliberately provoke people with your tweets to get attention?
A. People will believe what they want to believe irrespective of what I say. So there’s no point in saying anything.
Q. Are you anti-religion or just a cynic? Don’t you think it’s wrong to attack religious beliefs?
A. I am anti-anything I don’t agree with and I am not attacking anything or anyone other than just expressing my opinions which I have a right to do like any one else in a free democratic country.
Q. You’ve been missing from Mumbai for nearly six months now? Have you decided to quit Hindi films and make only Telugu films?
A. I wanted to take some time off from Hindi films and reinvent myself in terms of doing very different kind of genres from what I have been doing
Q. Your new Telugu film “Ice Cream” flopped. You apparently threw a party celebrating the failure. What does this mean?
A. This is the continued…

Caffeinated  energy  drinks bad for heartIndo-Asian News Service | London |     September 2, 2014 10:36 am
“Energy” drinks which are so popular during physical exercise and even otherwise among children and younger adults can cause heart problems, a research shows.
“People sometimes consume a number of these drinks one after the other. This situation can lead to a number of adverse conditions, including angina, cardiac arrhythmia (irregular heartbeat) and even sudden death,” warned professor Milou-Daniel Drici from France.
Speaking at the European Society of Cardiology (ESC) Congress, 2014, in Barcelona, Spain, he said that around 96 percent of these drinks contain caffeine, with a typical 0.25 litre holding as much as two espressos worth of caffeine.
“We found that caffeine syndrome was the most common problem. It is characterised by a fast heart rate (called tachycardia), tremor, anxiety and headache,” he informed.
Caffeine is one of the most potent agonists – a chemical that binds to a receptor and activates the receptor to produce a biological response – of the ryanodine receptors and leads to a massive release of calcium within cardiac cells.
This can cause arrhythmias but also has effects on the heart’s abilities to contract and to use oxygen.
The current study analysed adverse events reported to A.N.S.E.S – the French agency for food safety.
The researchers found that consumption of the 103 energy drinks in France increased by 30 percent between 2009 and 2011 up to over 30 million litres.
“Doctors should warn patients with cardiac conditions about the potential dangers of these drinks and ask young people in particular whether they consume such drinks on a regular basis or binge drink,” Dr Drici concluded.

Abhishek  Aishwaryas PDA at Pro-Kabaddi League Finaleentertainment
Abhishek Bachchan prays at Siddhivinayak post Pro-kabaddi league
Abhishek Bachchan offered prayers at Siddhivinayak temple in Mumbai after his team Jaipur Pink Panthers won the pro-kabaddi league.  (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Abhishek Bachchan, who was seen without his wife Aishwarya Rai, waves to his fans.  (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Abhishek, who was seen in white pathani suit, comes out of the temple.  (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Abhishek greets fans as he leaves the temple. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Bollywood couple Abhishek and Aishwarya Rai Bachchan may have tied the knot seven years ago, but the duo is still very much in love. At the pro-Kabaddi league finale held on Sunday (August 31), Aishwarya just could not keep her hands off her handsome husband.
Abhishek Bachchan-owned Jaipur Pink Panthers outclassed the U Mumba side 35-24 to lift the inaugural Pro Kabaddi Title.  (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Aishwarya and Abishek walked in hand-in-hand wearing matching Jaipur Pink Panther’s jerseys. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
The couple, who have two-year-old daughter Aaradhya, seemed like a couple of teenagers as they giggled and chatted. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
The couple was happy to enjoy a night-out. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Abhishek  didn't let go of wife Aishwarya's hand even when they were celebrating their team’s win. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Pictured here, Aishwarya and Abhishek hold hands during an intense part of the match. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Abhishek and Aishwarya beam for the cameras. Wonder if we'll see these two real-life lovebirds onscreen together anytime soon. (Source: Varinder Chawla)

Sonam Kapoor s Disneyland tripentertainment
Sonam Kapoor’s Disneyland trip
With Sonam Kapoor's 'Khoobsurat' being produced jointly with Disney, the actress visited Disneyland to feature in a video in-character as 'Mili'. Styled by her sister and co-producer of the film, Rhea Kapoor, Sonam sported four looks at Disneyland. Here are a few of her Disneyland trip pictures which she posted on Instagram.
Sonam Kapoor opted for a white frilly Delpozo bridal dress which she wore with a jacket.
Sonam with Mickey and Mini at Disneyland.
Sonam's another look was in a red Paula Ka Top, Zara pants and Dior shoes.
Sonam's another geek look.
'Raanjhanaa' actress also wore a Payal Singhal for one of the promotional events.
The actress look chic in a short dress with cat-eyed specs.
Meanwhile, new Instagram joinee Karsima Kapoor posted pictures of hers with younger sister Kareena and their bestie Amrita Arora.
Sisters Selfie - Kareena, Karisma, Amrita.

Indian mkts give best returns | Is it time to book profitsIndian markets give the best returns globally
Biswajit Baruah, ET Bureau Sep 2, 2014, 10.27AM IST
Tags:
BSE
(NSE Nifty has scaled the…)
The NSE Nifty has scaled the important 8,000 mark for first time, making the Indian market among the best-performing equity markets globally this year.
The BSE Sensex has surged nearly 29.8% this year in dollar terms and has outperformed major emerging and developed markets. The surge has been led by expectations that the new government will leave no stone unturned to boost the country's economic growth.
The Indian market has received over $13 billion in foreign fund flows, the highest in the emerging markets basket this year. The MSCI India Index has rallied nearly 22.4% this year in comparison to MSCI Emerging Market Index which has gained 8.5% and MSCI World Index that has risen 5.27% over the same period.
However, India's outperformance has also sparked concerns that its valuations might be stretched as a substantial recovery in the economy and corporate earnings is still some time away.
The Sensex is trading at 16.1 times the current year's estimated earnings. China's Shanghai Composite Index's is trading at 7.8 times, Brazil's Ibovespa Index is trading at 10.9 and Russia's MICEX is at 5.2 times.
FEATURED ARTICLES

How Varun Berry is remaking Britannia | Jabong plans instant refunds on deliveryYou are here: Home > Collections
How Varun Berry is changing the way Britannia functions
Kala Vijayraghavan, ET Bureau Sep 2, 2014, 10.26AM IST
Tags:
Britannia
(Older structure pivoted…)
The year was 1995, the early years of PepsiCo in India. The cola multinational was looking for someone to head a bottling operation in Gujarat, where PepsiCo's share then was 2%.
Chairman Suman Sinha handpicked a 32-year-old, who put in his routine 14 hours a day and turned it into a 40% share in a year. For Varun Berry, that was effectively his first startup experience, in a large company.
Today, four months after taking complete operational charge over the underachieving Rs 6,912 crore FMCG major Britannia, it's that very culture Berry is invoking, selling and fashioning.
At Goa last week, he was exhorting 130 of Britannia's senior most managers in the company's annual conference, themed, 'In It to Win It', to dethrone Parle as the domestic leader in biscuits.
"Start-ups teach you to get the best out of operations," he says. "Also, I'm a nuts-and-bolts guy and there's a lot to tighten (at Britannia)," says Berry.
Berry has been tightening left, right and centre. He's cut back on products and brands, he's been nudging sales managers to step out of office and engage more with trade partners, he's been stressing on market orientation, he's been baying for solid execution.
The first results, for the quarter to June, show a company that has tightened up and improved profitability (See graphic). The first year is easy as there's plenty of scope to trim costs, say officials of rival companies and former employees, several of whom exited Britannia in and around Berry's entry.
"There is a saying that a new broom always sweeps faster," says a former Britannia senior official who is now with another FMCG company, on the condition of anonymity.
"It is the consistency and ability to keep delivering from the second year through product innovation and sales growth that matters."
Execution Focus
Berry joined Britannia in January 2013, as chief operating officer, after a brief hiatus from the corporate world.
After he left as CEO of PepsiCo Foods in early 2012, Berry teamed up with former Vodafone India chief commercial officer Sanjoy Mukherjee to float iClinic Healthcare, a technologybased healthcare consultancy firm.
He is now a sleeping partner in that venture. Britannia takes up most of his waking hours. This March, when Vinita Bali, managing director for the last nine years, was moved to a group-level role, Berry replaced her.
Since that appointment, the Britannia stock is up 45% in a market that has appreciated 18%. Yet, says Berry, "there is a long way to go." Berry joined a company that was suffering from low employee morale, seeing high commodity prices eat into margins, and facing stiff competition not just from tier-I players but also from tier-II players.
Promoter Nusli Wadia's brief to Berry was sharp: grow faster than the market, grow market share and profitability by making the operations more efficient. Britannia is in a better place on each of those fronts.
When he joined, Berry was putting in 14-15 hour workdays. He still does 12-hour days, invoking the frugal and execution aspects of a startup. Berry spent the first 100 days looking closely at sales and distribution, organisational structure and product portfolio.
He spoke to people. Berry broke down the components of fixed cost, which was a high 21% for a company that was operating on single-digit margins. "The finding that there were 2,500 biscuits brands in the marketplace, across regions, meant Britannia had to play its value equation with customers and trade well," he says.
It's made a start, by tackling various facets of operations with new energy. "Most leaders who worked in multinationals tend to be very market-focused," says Raj Jain of Bharti Retail, which stocks Britannia products in its stores.
"Berry has this holistic 360 degree approach to business, from looking at operational efficiencies and manufacturing to supply chain. He is a complete general manager than most CEOs I know."
Doing More With Less
Berry has been cutting off what he calls "too many small, moving parts".
These were deflecting focus from Britannia's core business of biscuits, from where it derived 80% of its revenues. He did away with breakfast cereals and snacks, which predecessor Bali launched in 2012. He cut back on size variants.
"The company had 14 brands and 25 SKUs (stock-keeping units, the trade term for size variants), and most brands reached no threshold," he says. Berry has chosen to back five big brands: Good Day, Marie, 50:50, NutriChoice and Tiger.
 
Besides allocating more money to them, Britannia tweaked their product recipes, either to improve quality or to offer greater value. "It's great Britannia is focused on the right big brands," says Jain of Bharti Retail, offering a retailer's perspective on product variants.

Wagh Bakri  Anmol biscuits give HUL  ITC a h...Regional players like Wagh Bakri, Anmol biscuits and others giving HUL, ITC a headache
Kala Vijayraghavan, ET Bureau Sep 2, 2014, 04.35AM IST
Tags:
Crisil
(On food shelves in supermarkets…)
In its 19th year of existence, Aachi Masala says it is a Rs 1,000 crore company. A Rs 1,000 crore food company most readers outside South India would be hearing of for the first time.
On food shelves in supermarkets and kirana stores, there are many of its kind: brands that represent local entrepreneurship rather than national corporate clout; a niche idea than a big statement; brands that tickle local palettes than something more universal.
Like Anmol Biscuits, Havmor Icecream, Ruchi, Kali Aerated Water, Wagh Bakri, DFM Foods... In industry parlance, they are called tier-II players. By themselves, tier-II brands are making a growing impression on shopping shelves.
Together, they are giving a headache to the tier above them — the likes of Hindustan Unilever, ITC, Nestle, Britannia and Dabur — by taking bigger and bigger bites of the food and beverages (F&B) segment, and eating market share of these national and multinational brands.
A recent study by Crisil of 125 FMCG companies — 100 of them tier-II players — captures the scale of that headache. Between 2007-08 and 2013-14, these tier-II brands have grown at twice the rate of the big guns of F&B.
In the process, they have increased their market share in F&B — which accounts for 54% of the Indian FMCG market — from 20% in 2007-08 to 30% in 2013-14. And the study projects this to increase to 40% by 2019 (See graphic).
Local Tastes
Aachi Masala offers a window to this trend. The Chennai-based company sells food ingredients that are niche and quintessentially Indian: spices, pickles and cooking pastes, among other things.
"We have built our strength around understanding what the working Indian woman needs to make kitchen work more convenient," says AD Padmasingh Isaac, chairman and managing director, Aachi Masala Foods.
"As sons of the soil, we are better than multinationals in understanding Indian culture." Damodar Mall, CEO of Reliance Value Retail, which retails food items, makes a similar reading.
"They are buying more branded sabudana and besan, and not necessarily the heat-and-eat kind of food," says Mall. "MNCs are trying to be chefs or husbands in the kitchen, not realising that the Indian family wants help. So they will buy all kinds of Indian snacks like namkeens and shakarparaand matthi, but they won't pick up Nestle cup noodles."
The greater offtake of branded processed foods is happening in both the traditional and modern trade. Since F&B is a hugely under-penetrated category, it's opening up growth opportunities for smaller, regional tier-II players.
"These regional players are able to offer both innovative and affordable products," says Anuj Sethi, director, Crisil Ratings. "Their innovations revolve around offering product variants that are new to the market, delivering region-specific tastes and differentiating with their packaging. These have enabled tier-II players to hold their own against much bigger peers."
Local Model
The operating model of tier-II players is inverse of tier-I players, which pivots around high ad spend and low distributor margin. The tier-II model seems to be working well in food categories, especially in smaller towns and cities, which are relatively more brand-agnostic.
Although they receive lower credit from suppliers, because of smaller scale, tier-II players still provide more credit to distributors. "They are capable of using an efficient micro-networking model to ensure supply chain efficiencies," says Gibson G Vedhamani, marketing and retail consultant.
According to Ajay Gupta, managing director of Capital Foods, innovations backed by research around what the Indian woman wants in the kitchen has driven growth of his company's Ching's Secret brand of Indo-Chinese ingredients, condiments and ready-to-eat meals. "We are not just talking about upper middleclass women, who have domestic help or cooks, but scores of middle-class working women, who have to reach home after work and cook dinner," he says.
Even consumers are expecting greater variety in their palette. "Our Chinese masalas are meeting that kind of demand," says Gupta. "Pricing, too, is critical. We created a new segment of soup consumers at `10 packs without stealing consumers who buy, say, the Rs 40 Knorr soups."
Multinationals need to adjust. Devendra Chawla, president, food & FMCG Category, Future Group, says multinationals are constrained by their portfolios, which are more western in needs; they need to tweak it to cater to local tastes.
"Food is culture," he says.
"India is 20-30 different countries as far as food habits and tastes are concerned. Food companies that cater to community preferences are better placed to grow in India." For the next five years, says the Crisil report, that is the smaller, regional players.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mallya may lose assets following  wilful defaulter  tagYou are here: Home > Collections
Vijay Mallya may lose key assets after UBI declares Kingfisher a willful defaulter
Baiju Kalesh & Atmadip Ray, ET Bureau Sep 2, 2014, 02.06AM IST
Tags:
Bank of India
(RBI’s definition of a…)
MUMBAI | KOLKATA: United Bank of India declaring Vijay Mallya a 'willful defaulter' can potentially have severe financial repercussions for a businessman who once personified large deals and lavish living. But the person at the centre of the controversy appears to be unperturbed, and even defiant, calling it part of an "agenda".
The Reserve Bank of India's definition of a willful defaulter is a person or a company who deliberately doesn't honour his debt commitments to lenders. Mallya is the first prominent businessman to be so declared by a bank.
UBI took the decision on Mallya and three other directors of Kingfisher Airlines after they "failed to turn up for a grievance redressal panel meeting" that the bank had scheduled, UBI's Executive Director Deepak Narang told ET.
But late on Monday night, Mallya hit back at the lender saying the bank had declared him a willful defaulter "without a hearing".
Let them prove in court: Mallya
Mallya told ET that UBI had not given him "an opportunity to hear my request for legal representation in the grievances redressal committee". "Let them prove in court that I am a willful defaulter," he added. Prakash Mirpuri, vicepresident, corporate communications, UB Group, told ET that a Delhi High Court ruling allows such legal representation.
Mirpuri added that UBI's decision is "in respect of an overdraft of Rs 7.5 crore".
However, corporate lawyers, bankers and corporate governance experts ET spoke to said that after UBI's declaration, Mallya, whose Kingfisher Airlines owes Rs 7,000 crore to 17 banks, can end up ceding control of the large cash-generator United Breweries (UBL) and the profit-making Mangalore Chemicals & Fertilizers (MCF).
His minority stake in United Spirits (USL) and many real estate assets in India are also potential targets for lenders.
Mallya's status as a company director — he's the chairman of USL, UBL and MCF — is also under threat as he may not meet the criterion of 'fit and proper' as understood in the Companies Act. That puts a big question mark on his continuance on the boards of these companies.
Additional pressure comes from the fact that the continuance of a bank-declared willful defaulter on a company board may lead to lenders not giving loans — even working capital loans — to companies where Mallya remains a director.
For British liquor giant Diageo, which now owns USL and is known for Johnnie Walker and Smirnoff brands among others, and marquee Dutch beermaker Heineken, a partner in UBL, Mallya's current status can pose significant questions. Both Diageo and Heineken run joint ventures with the UB Group in, respectively, the spirits and beer businesses.
"In case of loan restructuring, availing fresh loans or even working capital, the rating could be affected for the financial instrument and companies will have to pay higher interest, and shareholders could raise objection to the presence of a willful defaulter on the board," said Suhaj Tuljapurkar, managing partner, Legasis, a corporate law firm.
The possibility that Mallya could lose control of UBL and MCF, as well as his holdings in USL, come from the fact that lenders can enforce guarantees given by United Breweries Holdings.
UB Holdings is the group's holding company with stakes in USL, UBL and MCF. Bankers said UB Holdings has guaranteed about Rs 6,000 crore of the nearly Rs 7,000 crore loans taken by the now-defunct Kingfisher Airlines, said bankers.
Kingfisher Airlines, meanwhile, intends to pursue all available legal remedies, including filing a Special Leave Petition before the Supreme Court. Mallya himself confirmed this: "I will have further recourse to law and will pursue it. UBI cannot override the judicial system."
 
UBL board member Kiran Mazumdar Shaw, who's in Japan as part of the prime minister's delegation, told ET that she doesn't want to comment on the matter without full knowledge of the issue. Spokespersons for both Diageo and Heineken refused comment. "Banks can invoke the guarantee given by UB Holdings to recover their dues," said the corporate banking head of a private sector bank. "If UB does not honour it, banks can take legal recourse."
"The Supreme Court has ruled that the liability of a guarantor is equal to that of a debtor," this banker said. He did not wish to be identified. It could get worse. Some lawyers said the willful defaulter tag means blacklisting in the financial community and that it makes the person vulnerable to criminal procedures by lenders.
"Being declared a willful defaulter is like being blacklisted in the financial community," said Shishir Mehta, partner at Khaitan & Co and a specialist in banking and finance. "Lenders can initiate criminal proceedings against Kingfisher directors, including Mallya."
FEATURED ARTICLES

UBI first bank to declare Mallya as wilful defaulterUnited Bank of India first bank to declare KFA and Vijay Mallya as wilful defaulter
Simran Gill, ET Now Sep 1, 2014, 11.38AM IST
Tags:
AK Ganguly
(Kingfisher's promoter…)
United Bank of India has become the first bank to declare Kingfisher Airlines , it's promoter Vijay Mallya as well as three directors on the board of KFA as wilful defaulters.
According to a source close to the development, " the action comes after KFA officials did not show up for the meeting with United Bank's grievance redressal cell this morning at 10:30 AM." The grievance redressal committee of United bank of India is headed by the bank's executive director D Narang . The bank is also in the process of sending formal notices to the company. Sources say the bank will also inform the Reserve Bank of India about its decision.
"Yes, we have declared Vijay Mallya and three directors as wilful defaulters," UBI executive directors Deepak Narang told ET.
Wilful defaulters are prohibited to borrow money from banks and cannot continue as a director in any company.
"We had requested them to appear before our panel at 10.30 am on Monday. They did not come. So, we have declared them as wilful defaulters on the basis of a letter furnished by them on July 4th," Narang said.
Sources in the know indicate that the three directors along with Vijay Mallya include, AK Ganguly , Subhash R Gupte and R Nedungadi .
This follows the Calcutta High Court dismissing KFA's plea against United Bank of India last week. KFA and United Bank of India have been entangled in a legal tussle for a few months now after UBI moved to declare the grounded airline as a wilful defaulter.
However, sources also indicate that KFA has approached the Supreme Court in this case, in an attempt to challenge the Calcutta High Court order. KFA has been insisting to be represented by an external lawyer in front of the GRC of United Bank of India which was refused by Calcutta High court.
There are serious repercussions of a company being declared a wilful defaulter which include restricting any future access to bank finance for the company as well as all directors of the company who are associated with other companies.
Other lenders like SBI and PNB are also in the process of declaring KFA and management as wilful defaulters.
(With inputs from ET Bureau)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Apple teaming with Visa  MasterCard on iPhone walletApple teaming with Visa, MasterCard on iPhone wallet
Sep 2, 2014, 05.52AM IST
Tags:
Apple
(Apple plans to turn its next…)
Apple plans to turn its next iPhone into a mobile wallet through a partnership with major payment networks, banks and retailers. The agreement includes Visa , MasterCard and American Express and will be unveiled on September 9 along with the next iPhone.
The new iPhone will make mobile payment easier by including a near-field communication chip. That advancement along with Touch ID, a fingerprint recognition reader, will allow consumers to securely pay for items in a store with the touch of a finger.
For Apple , the push into creating a mobile wallet is to keep users within its ecosystem, thus creating more demand for its products.
The move is also about generating more revenue from the roughly 800 million global iTunes accounts , which include payment information, that have already been created.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Obi Mobiles launches five affordable smartphonesYou are here: Home > Collections
Obi Mobiles launches five affordable smartphones
ET Bureau Sep 1, 2014, 06.11PM IST
Tags:
android
(Obi Mobiles, set up by former…)
NEW DELHI: Obi Mobiles has expanded its devices range with five new Android smartphones - the Obi S400, S450, Python S452, S500 and Wolverine S501 - and priced them between Rs 4,200 and Rs 7,850.
Obi Mobiles, set up by former Apple CEO John Sculley , launched its first smartphone in India, the Octopus S520, in July this year.
The Obi S400 has a 4-inch WVGA display and is powered by a 1.2GHz processor paired with a 512MB RAM. It has 4GB of internal storage with an expansion slot (up to 32GB). The device runs on Android Jelly Bean and provides 3G connectivity. The dual-SIM smartphone is priced at Rs 4,200.
The Obi S450 has similar specs as the Obi S400 except for the 4.5-inch FWVGA display and an 1,800mAh battery. It is priced at Rs 4,990.
The Obi S500 has a 5-inch FWVGA screen, 5-megapixel rear camera with LED flash, while other specifications are similar to the S450. It is priced at Rs 5,990.
The Obi Python S452 has a 4.5-inch FWVGA display and is priced at Rs 5,990, while Obi Wolverine S501 is the most expensive of the lot and features a 5-inch FWVGA IPS display and runs on Android 4.4 KitKat. It is priced at Rs 7,850.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Markets@record high: Nifty holds 8050; top 15 stocks in focusSensex, Nifty at record high; top fifteen stocks in focus
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 2, 2014, 10.21AM IST
Tags:
BSE sensex
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex rallied over 80 points in trade on Tuesday to hit its fresh record high of 26,960.52, while the Nifty too registered a fresh life-high of 8,057.30 in trade today.
At 10:00 a.m.; the 50-share index was at 8,056, up 31 points or 0.39 per cent. It touched all-time high of 8,062.25 and a low of 8,036.55 in early trade.
The S&P BSE Sensex was at 26,953.36, up 85 points or 0.31 per cent. It touched all-time high of 26,960.52 and a low of 26,886.22 in early trade.
"Investors definitely need to exercise caution considering the fact that markets have already run up quite a bit. But to say that there is no scope to invest in this market, I would not agree to that," said Sudip Bandyopadhyay, President, Destimoney Securities Pvt. Ltd.
"There are still enough and more opportunities. Infrastructure as an area, real estate as an area, the entire power sector as an area still is a long-long way to go and these will go on the back of the reforms, on the back of removal of the bottlenecks which have been plaguing these sectors," he added.
Here is a list of fifteen stocks which are in focus today:
NTPC, Jaiprakash Associates: NTPC, GVK Group and Jaipraksah Associates are among developers of 40 producing captive coal blocks and six soon-to-be operational mines that are likely to be spared from cancellation by the Supreme Court as the government on Monday sought special dispensation for them.
At 10:00 a.m.; NTPC was trading 0.5 per cent lower at Rs 139.15 and Jaiprakash Associates was down 1.4 per cent to Rs 47.50.
ONGC: As Oil Ministry looks into reasons for delay in ONGC's KG basin gas development, the state-owned firm says it lost three years because the ministry and DGH refused to approve its partnership with Norway's Statoil and Petrobras of Brazil for the block.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.8 per cent lower at Rs 435.70.
Cipla Ltd: Cipla Ltd has launched an anti-asthma inhaler in Germany and Sweden that is a generic version of GlaxoSmithKline Plc's Advair, a move that will further dent sales of the British firm's top-selling product.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 7 per cent higher at Rs 566.75.
Tata Steel Ltd: Continuous Annealing and Processing Company Private Limited, a 51:49 joint venture between Nippon Steel Corporation & Sumitomo Metal Corporation (NSSMC) of Japan and Tata Steel, inaugurated a new Rs 2,750 crore advanced auto steel facility.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.16 per cent higher at Rs 524.90.
SBI: State Bank of India (SBI) today signed a loan agreement with the Japan Bank of International Cooperation (JBIC) to set up an export credit line in two currencies worth USD 152 million.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.5 per cent higher at Rs 2516.
Apollo Hospitals Ltd: Healthcare major Apollo Hospitals Enterprise plans to add 3 more reach hospitals with a total bed capacity of 500 beds in the country at an investment of Rs 400 crore in the current financial year.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.5 per cent higher at Rs 1195.
  Hero MotoCorp Ltd: Country's largest maker of motorcycles and scooters, said August sales rose 21 per cent from a year earlier to 558,609 units.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.2 per cent higher at Rs 2794.60.
TVS Motor Company Ltd: The company today reported a 46 per cent increase in its total sales at 2,27,482 units in August 2014.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 3.3 per cent higher at Rs 199.85.
IFCI: Government plans to hike its stake in IFCI Ltd to 51 per cent by infusing Rs 60 crore in the country's oldest financial institution. Even though the government had a majority shareholding in the term lender, at present the stake is nearly 48 per cent on account of inclusion of preference share capital.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.8 per cent lower at Rs 34.10.
Ashok Leyland Ltd: Hinduja Group flagship company Ashok Leyland reported 16.69 per cent increase in its total sales at 8,331 units in August.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1 per cent lower at Rs 38.35.
PFC & REC: The government's divestment drive is gathering pace. On Tuesday, the power and finance minister will meet over selling stake in Power Finance Corporation (PFC) and REC.
At 10:00 a.m.; PFC was trading 1.8 per cent lower at Rs 258 and REC was down 1.5 per cent to Rs 274.70.
Jaiprakash Associates: The company has sought shareholders' approval to give up to Rs.40,000 crore in guarantees against debt to joint ventures or associate firms.The new limit will be higher by Rs.5,000 crore, said media reports.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.9 per cent lower at Rs 47.75.
Punj Lloyd Ltd: Singapore's state investment company Temasek is negotiating with Atul Punj's flagship Punj Lloyd to buy its minority stake in super specialty hospital Medanta Medicity, founded by eminent cardiac surgeon, Dr Naresh Trehan.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 3.8 per cent higher at Rs 39.30.
FEATURED ARTICLES

TVS Motor hits 52-week high in August sales numbersAugust sale
(At 10:30 AM; TVS Motor Company…)
NEW DELHI: TVS Motor Company Ltd rallied as much as 4.3 per cent in trade on Tuesday to hit its fresh 52-week high of Rs 201.80, after the company reported a 47 per cent growth in two-wheelers in the month of August 2014 to 217,662 units from 148,469 units recorded in August 2013.
The Chennai-based company had sold 1,55,532 units in the same month last year, TVS Motor Company said in a statement.
At 10:30 AM; TVS Motor Company Ltd was trading 2.7 per cent higher at Rs 198.65. It hit a low of Rs 196.90 and a 52-week high of Rs 201.80 in trade today.
Total two-wheeler sales increased by 47 per cent to 2,17,662 units in August 2014 as against 1,48,469 units in the same month a year ago.
Domestic two-wheeler sales stood at 1,90,547 units last month, up 50 per cent, from 1,27,095 units in the year-ago period, it added.
Scooters sales during the month grew by 84 per cent to 67,240 units in August 2014 as against 36,478 units in the corresponding month last year, said a PTI report.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Pics: Bollywood s alleged underworld connectionsPhoto uploaded by Kripa Parekh
on Sep 02, 2014 , 01:06 am
11902 Views  |  6  Comments  |  
Report Abuse
Abu Salem placed a call to music man Gulshan Kumar, demanding he shell out Rs. 10 crores. Gulshan’s refusal to do so ended tragically, when he was shot and killed 10 days later. A lot of big wigs were interrogated regarding Gulshan Kumar’s death and the main accused was Nadeem Saifi. Images and information procured via Google.
Abu Salem placed a call to music man Gulshan Kumar, demanding he shell out Rs. 10 crores. Gulshan’s refusal to do so ended tragically, when he was shot and killed 10 days later. A lot of big wigs were interrogated regarding Gulshan Kumar’s death and the main accused was Nadeem Saifi. Images and information procured via Google.

INDIA is better off than PAKISTANon Sep 02, 2014 , 09:54 am
1888 Views
(57)
 
Extremism, fundamentalism and terrorism are the three things that come to mind when you think about Pakistan. Even though India and Pakistan became independent around the same time, Pakistan is still struggling to form the basic structures in every sector. 
In terms of development, job opportunity and economy Pakistan is lagging far behind India in every field. Pakistan has now to decide whether it has to learn from India or hate it further! What is your take on this? Who do you think is better off on the whole between the two countries? Share your thoughts here.

Salma Hayek s HOT photos!Photo uploaded by Gayatri Goswami
on Aug 31, 2012 , 01:28 pm
8429 Views  |  9  Comments  |  
Report Abuse
Salma Hayek is one of Hollywood's most dazzling leading actresses. She was born in the oil boomtown of Coatzacoalcos, Mexico.  Image courtesy: Procured via Google Images
Salma Hayek is one of Hollywood's most dazzling leading actresses. She was born in the oil boomtown of Coatzacoalcos, Mexico.  Image courtesy: Procured via Google Images

B day spl: Inside Ishant Sharma s private lifePhoto uploaded by Hitesh Sharma
on Jul 22, 2014 , 11:04 am
4140 Views  |  11  Comments  |  
Report Abuse
Putting all criticism and slamming against him to rest, Team India cricketer Ishant Sharma finally brought the drought to an end and bowled India to victory over England at Lord's.   Image courtesy: Procured via Google Search
Putting all criticism and slamming against him to rest, Team India cricketer Ishant Sharma finally brought the drought to an end and bowled India to victory over England at Lord's.   Image courtesy: Procured via Google Search

Free rice scheme stinks of scam  says NarayanasamyUpdated: September 2, 2014 10:48 IST
Free rice scheme stinks of scam, says Narayanasamy
Staff Reporter
Tweet
The Hindu Congress workers, led by V. Narayanasamy, forcibly locked ration shops at Vazhaikulam in Puducherry on Monday. Photo: T.Singaravelou
Senior Congress leader and former Union Minister of State V. Narayanasamy on Monday charged Chief Minister N. Rangasamy with trying to take the people for a ride and said that he had not been able to implement any of the schemes announced in the election manifesto.
Addressing a meeting of party workers who forcibly locked ration shops at Vazhaikulam in the Raj Bhavan Assembly segment to register their protest against the government for its failure to implement the free rice scheme, Mr. Narayanasamy alleged that free rice was only distributed to cardholders in constituencies held by the ruling All India N.R. Congress while the opposition-held assembly segments were discriminated against.
He also alleged that there was a big scandal in the procurement of free rice by the government. A sum of Rs. 6 per kg was swindled by the intermediaries engaged for procuring the rice.
Mr. Narayanasamy said that there was a charge against him during the recent Lok Sabha polls that he was standing in the way of the then UPA Government in clearing the proposals for the Union Territory.
Now with the BJP-led government at the Centre, who was preventing the Chief Minister in the implementation of various welfare schemes, he sought to know.
The government had closed 15 Agri Retail Outlets operated by the Puduchery Agro Services and Industries Corporation (PASIC) and opened IMFL outlets at various places.
Though the Chief Minister had submitted a panel of three names to the Centre for appointment as nominated MLAs nothing had been heard so far.
The ruling AINRC had let down all sections of people. The party would intensify its agitation in the Union Territory to highlight the ‘failure’ of the AINRC government to properly implement the free rice scheme and close all shops, he added.

Irulas of Puducherry may be granted Scheduled Tribe statusUpdated: September 2, 2014 10:46 IST
Irulas of Puducherry may be granted Scheduled Tribe status
S. Prasad
The Hindu Rameshwar Oraon (extreme right), chairperson, National Commission for Scheduled Tribes, at a review meeting with officials in Puducherry on Monday. Photo: T.Singaravelou
Majority of them living in huts in bad conditions, says panel chief
The Union government is in favour of including the Irulas of Union Territory of Puducherry in the list of Scheduled Tribes.
The Centre has sent the proposal in this regard to the National Commission for Scheduled Tribes (ST) for final approval, said Rameshwar Oraon, Chairperson, National Commission for Scheduled Tribes.
A three-member team led by Dr. Oraon is on a three-day visit to Puducherry and Karaikal to study the proposal of the Puducherry government for identification of five communities including Irular, Kattunayakan, Malaikuruvan, Yerukkula and Kuruman as Scheduled Tribes.
“A majority of Irulas are living in huts in very bad conditions. The commission is of the view that every Irula should get a house under the Indira Awaas Yojana (IAY). The commission will hold discussions with officials of the Puducherry government about the economic plight of the Irulas and the facilities being provided to them. The Centre has been providing a lot of funds and it needs to be ascertained whether it is spent or not. The Irulas come under Below Poverty Line (BPL) category and should be provided with all the facilities,” Mr. Oraon told The Hindu.
He said that the Irulas had been neglected all these years and the Puducherry government had rightly declared them as a backward tribe.
Their demand had been pending for 32 years and now they are being heard. The recommendation of the Puducherry government was forwarded to the Registrar General of India which, in turn, was sent to the National Commission for Scheduled Tribe. The commission would study the proposal and submit its final report along with the recommendations to the Union government. The Union government has agreed on the final recommendations in most of the cases and the proposal will be subsequently sent for notification by the President, he said.
Members of the National Commission for Scheduled Tribes would visit Irula habitations in Karaikal on Tuesday and hold discussions with officials at a meeting here on September 3.
Earlier, the members of the commission visited areas inhabited by Irulas in Thimmanayakanpalayam and Vadhanoor. The members inspected a few hutments of Irulas and studied their traits and other activities.

EU questions Facebook-WhatsApp $19 billion dealtechnology (general)
In a bid to understand what separates a social network from a messaging application, European Union (EU) anti-trust officials have sent a detailed questionnaire to the competitors as well as customers of Facebook and WhatsApp.
The move is part of the EU’s formal review of the $19 billion acquisition of the popular mobile messaging service WhatsApp by the social network earlier this year, Wall Street Journal (WSJ) reported.
The unusual 70-page questionnaire comes after Facebook and WhatsApp formally notified the EU anti-trust body of the deal on August 29.
Europe’s telecom industry argued that “over-the-top” operators such as WhatsApp use telecom companies’ infrastructure but are not taxed or regulated in the same way.
Some European politicians also have expressed deep concern in recent months at the way U.S. technology companies have come to dominate Europe’s digital economy, the WSJ report added.
Recipients of the questionnaire are telecommunications operators, social-networking sites and other internet service providers.
The provisional deadline for a decision in the case is October 3.

Upbeat Modi plays drums  wows Japanese businessmenUpbeat PM Narendra Modi plays taiko drums, wows Japanese businessmen
Sitaraman Shankar , Hindustan Times  Tokyo, September 02, 2014
First Published: 10:18 IST(2/9/2014) | Last Updated: 12:40 IST(2/9/2014)
A day after signing a clutch of deals with Japanese PM Shinzo Abe, Narendra Modi was in upbeat mood on Tuesday – and this time he wowed a set of suited businessmen by playing traditional Taiko drums with great verve.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi plays the Taiko drums in Tokyo
Modi’s performance came at the launch of Tata Consultancy Services’s Technology and Cultural Academy, a programme to send young Japanese employees to India for training in technical and cultural skills.
After TCS CEO N Chandrasekaran finished his opening remarks, inviting Modi to play a note on the drums after the professional drummers had finished, Modi asked “Pehle drum bajaiyen?” and could barely wait his turn.
The two drummers – one man and one woman -- did their number and then Modi took over, playing the drums at a rapid beat and holding his own when the male drummer joined him. The audience – some of it on videoconference -- burst into applause when he had finished.
Watch: PM Modi plays the taiko drum
The TCS programme involves eight weeks of classroom training and six months project work at various locations in India, and Modi asked the young Japanese not to get locked into a classroom, to get out every weekend and spend some money.
“Come back not just as a TCS employee but as an ambassador of India,” he said, before wading into the crowd to interact with the chosen students.
Earlier Modi addressed girl students at the Sacred Heart University, fielding questions from college and school children. He dealt mainly in allegory, talking of India’s “cabinet” of female goddesses in the Hindu pantheon.
He sidestepped a question on how to face the Chinese threat, saying that India and Japan should focus on progress, and it was possible to take on a dark room not by fighting it with swords and brooms but by lighting a diya.
In the afternoon, Modi calls on Emperor Akihito and delivers the keynote address at a business seminar.

Nifty hits 8050; Bharti  Idea  RComm  Tata Tele rallySep 02, 2014, 11.02 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Nifty hits 8050; Bharti, Idea, RComm, Tata Tele rally
Telecom operators Bharti Airtel and Idea Cellular rallied more than 3.5 percent after sources told CNBC-TV18 that the government is considering super regulator for communication sector.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nifty hits 8050; Bharti, Idea, RComm, Tata Tele rally
Telecom operators Bharti Airtel and Idea Cellular rallied more than 3.5 percent after sources told CNBC-TV18 that the government is considering super regulator for communication sector.
Post your opinion here
Moneycontrol Bureau
11:00 am Market Check
The market touched a new all-time high with the Sensex rising 105.06 points to 26972.61 and the Nifty gaining 37.25 points to 8064.95.
About 1558 shares have advanced, 801 shares declined, and 94 shares are unchanged.
10:40am Bajaj Auto in News
Pune-based Bajaj Auto's total sales increased by 8 percent year-on-year (up 5.6 percent month-on-month) to 3.37 lakh units. S Ravikumar, president - business development & assurance, expects to see total sales of 4 lakh units in next few months.
"New Discover sales will grow to 25,000-30,000 units per month. We expect 3-wheeler sales of 55,000 units per month going forward," he said.
10:20am FII View
Rakesh Arora, Macquarie says the market has continued its march above 8,000 and we see further upside.
“GDP growth in Q1 was higher than consensus at 5.7 percent and the Finance Minister Arun Jaitley believes it will be on the rise. A positive resolution of the coal scam case could act as a catalyst. It's time to buy,” he adds.
10:00am Equity benchmarks maintained northward journey amid consolidation with the Nifty hitting 8050 level supported by telecom, healthcare, banks and heavyweights.
The Sensex rose 61.40 points to 26928.95 and the Nifty advanced 24.20 points to 8051.90. The broader markets outperformed benchmarks with the BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices rising 0.6 percent and 0.8 percent, respectively.
About 1388 shares have advanced, 645 shares declined, and 74 shares are unchanged.
Cipla extended gains to 7 percent on launch of inhaler Seroflo in Germany, Sweden. It expects to launch Seroflo in other European countries in 12-18 months.
Shares of Sun Pharma, Axis Bank and Bajaj Auto gained 1-1.9 percent followed by HDFC, ITC, ICICI Bank, Reliance Industries, SBI, M&M, Maruti Suzuki and Tata Steel with 0.3-0.8 percent.
However, Infosys, L&T, ONGC, Tata Motors, HUL, Wipro, Sesa Sterlite, NTPC, Coal India and GAIL fell 0.4-1 percent.
Telecom operators Bharti Airtel and Idea Cellular rallied more than 3.5 percent after sources told CNBC-TV18 that the government is considering super regulator for communication sector.
It is learnt that the government proposed new regulator in Communications Bill, which will be known as Communications Commission. Communications Appellate Tribunal will also replace TDSAT, say sources. According to sources, new regulator will regulate anti-competitive issues, environment issues, issues related to interception, and even regulate issue of morality, privacy and public order. Tata Teleservices and Reliance Communications gained over 1.5 percent.
09:15

Cipla at new high  up 8%; respiratory drug launch in UK keySep 02, 2014, 11.10 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Cipla at new high, up 8%; respiratory drug launch in UK key
Though analysts are impressed by its earlier- than-expected launch, most of them have not yet upgraded Cipla yet. Credit Suisse maintains a neutral rating on it stating base case is already priced in. According to the brokerage, Germany and Sweden are small markets but the launch signifies approval in the UK could be expected by FY15-end.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Cipla at new high, up 8%; respiratory drug launch in UK key
Though analysts are impressed by its earlier- than-expected launch, most of them have not yet upgraded Cipla yet. Credit Suisse maintains a neutral rating on it stating base case is already priced in. According to the brokerage, Germany and Sweden are small markets but the launch signifies approval in the UK could be expected by FY15-end.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Cipla touched record high at Rs 575.20 per share, up 8.5 percent intraday on Tuesday as it launched generic drug used for treatment of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease in Germany and Sweden. The drug major’s portfolio includes 2,000 products in 65 therapeutic categories.
Though analysts are impressed by its earlier- than-expected launch, most of them have not yet upgraded Cipla yet. Credit Suisse maintains a neutral rating on it stating base case is already priced in. According to the brokerage, Germany and Sweden are small markets but the launch signifies approval in the UK could be expected by FY15-end.
Credit Suisse estimates that the drug (Advair MDI generic) may generate USD 70 mn sales for Cipla (25 percent market share and 50 percent price erosion). "Competition in the MDI space includes Sandoz, Orion, Chiesi and Mylan. We expect GSK to retain 30 percent of the market share," it says in a report. The drug is a copy of generic version of GlaxoSmithKline 's Advair in these countries.
Bank of America Merill Lynch also is expecting launches in more lucrative markets such as UK, France and Spain to follow over the next 12 months. "We believe Advair pMDI will remain a limited-competition opportunity for a prolonged period as Mylan is the only other generic company working on pMDI. Assuming 30 percent price erosion and 30 percent share for Cipla, we believe the firm will generate USD150mn sales at peak level (NPV of Rs 70/share)," it elaborates.
Morgan Stanley is hopeful that the UK would be key to the commercial upside and it being GSK's home market may invite aggressive response from it.
The DPI form of gAdvair in the EU and US holds the key to making large upside in this product. However, it appears to be three to four years away as the company is finalizing its device presently).  Hence the brokerage is underweight on Cipla because of limited presence in US, which had led to sub-industry growth for the company, and full valuations.
At 09:39 hrs Cipla was quoting at Rs 566.65, up Rs 36.95, or 6.98 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Nasrin Sultana

Macquarie sees further upside in market  advises buyLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Macquarie sees further upside in market, advises buy
“GDP growth in Q1 was higher than consensus at 5.7 percent and the Finance Minister Arun Jaitley believes it will be on the rise. A positive resolution of the coal scam case could act as a catalyst. It's time to buy,” says Rakesh Arora, Macquarie.
Post your opinion here
 
Rakesh Arora, Macquarie says the market has continued its march above 8,000 and we see further upside.
“GDP growth in Q1 was higher than consensus at 5.7 percent and the Finance Minister Arun Jaitley believes it will be on the rise. A positive resolution of the coal scam case could act as a catalyst. It's time to buy,” he adds.
Also read: Consumer & pharma best bets now; prefer midcaps: Chokhani
Nigel Tupper, Bank of America Merrill Lynch says Indian stocks continue to screen well in our bottom-up model, the Contenders.
“This model screens for stocks with improving earnings profiles, and attractive valuations that are not being de-rated. The current Contenders include Tata Motors , Tata Steel ,  Gail and ONGC . This positive signal on Indian stocks couples with our India call that earnings here are set to double in 4 years,” he adds.
RELATED NEWS

Bajaj Auto: Updates on sells data of August 2014Sep 02, 2014, 10.19 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Bajaj Auto: Updates on sells data of August 2014
Bajaj Auto Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the Press Release being issued by the Company in respect of sales for the month of August 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Bajaj Auto: Updates on sells data of August 2014
Bajaj Auto Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the Press Release being issued by the Company in respect of sales for the month of August 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Bajaj Auto Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the Press Release being issued by the Company in respect of sales for the month of August 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

LaRoche day-to-day with back stiffnessComments
(Photo by Katherine Frey/The Washington Post)
Nationals first baseman Adam LaRoche exited the Nationals’ 6-4 victory Monday night in the seventh inning with stiffness in his lower back, an ailment that held him out of a game last week in Philadelphia and could sideline him during the Nationals’ final two games in Los Angeles.
LaRoche said he considers himself “day-to-day,” and Manager Matt Williams said LaRoche could “potentially” sit Tuesday night against Clayton Kershaw. LaRoche plans to take medication to alleviate the pain, and he hopes it will allow for a quick recovery.
“It’s been tight for a while,” LaRoche said. “It’s gotten later in the game. In the fourth, fifth inning, it starts really tightening up from just standing around. I’ve had it before. I hope it’s quick, a day or two. But you never know.
“It’s one spot in my lower back that locks up. I’m able to get it pretty loose to get going. The further along the game goes, the more standing out there at first, defensively, is when I feel it the most. Yesterday was really sore, and today the same thing.”
LaRoche’s back stiffened on the Nationals’ bus ride to Philadelphia last week. LaRoche, the Nationals’ cleanup hitter, is batting .257/.361/.437 with 19 homers and 70 RBI this season. As LaRoche has dealt with the back issue, his production has waned. On the Nationals’ current road trip, LaRoche has gone 1 for 23 with a walk, an RBI and six strikeouts.
In Philadelphia, LaRoche said his experience with back stiffness would allow him to manage the injury. Now, he still believes it will not be a long-term problem, but he’s not sure if he’ll be able to play in the near future.
“I’m not concerned that this could drag out for a while,” LaRoche said. “I don’t know that I’ll be able to play through it. Right now, I tried today. Yesterday was rough. Today, the game plan was start the game, hopefully finish, worst-case get a lead and find a point to come and get some ice on it.”
Monday, Kevin Frandsen replaced LaRoche as a pinch hitter and played the final three innings in the field. If LaRoche cannot play against Kershaw, either Frandsen or call-up Tyler Moore would get the start.
“It’s never a good time to have it happen,” LaRoche said. “But it’s nice now we got some reinforcements in with call-ups, to where I’m not handcuffing the skipper with having to make a tough decision.”
LaRoche said simply taking a few days off wouldn’t necessarily eliminate the pain in his back. “I don’t know that it’s that type of injury,” LaRoche said. “I don’t know that it can get worse, knock on wood.”

RAW against roaming deal with PakistanRAW against roaming deal with Pakistan
Iran Hopes to Reach Nuclear Deal by NovemberIran Hopes to Reach Nuclear Deal by November
Comfort clue in number gameComfort clue in number game
Maruti Leads Auto RevivalMaruti Leads Auto Revival
Nippon Life  Reliance MF s India funds in JapanNippon Life  Reliance MF s India funds in Japan
Power minister Piyush Goyal moves to break logjam over Tata  Adani tariff hikePower minister Piyush Goyal moves to break logjam over Tata  Adani tariff hike
RBI seeks time-bound loan approvalsRBI seeks time-bound loan approvals
Mkts  earnings may double in 4yrs  |  Sensex can hit 28-30K by MarchMkts  earnings may double in 4yrs  |  Sensex can hit 28-30K by March
Lt hold see few changes in companies policies and stock again move to ...117 Followers
Reposted about 11 days 3 hrs 45 min 16 sec ago by dipu_1990
This Diwali, you can have multiple celebrations: SpiceJet stock price will be above Rs. 50, be India`s no. 1 airline, VAT on ATF will be reduced, a global major airline or PE firm will infuse funds, airport taxes will be reduced, etc.
In reply to : bujjamma message
10.46 AM Aug 21st

Dekhlo dosto rajsony urf raju ko....hahaha calls agn in air...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

@sonali ur launching pads are accurate as anything ...madam hats off  ...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

As per pivot fibonacci  hindunilvr has a support of 736.92/734.26/729....Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Finance Minister Arun Jaitley admitted to hospitalFinance Minister Arun Jaitley undergoes surgery
PTI/Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 2:  
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today underwent a planned elective laparoscopic procedure for diabetes management at a hospital here.
The procedure was carried out in a private hospital, a release issued by the BJP stated.
61-year-old Jaitley was admitted to the hospital yesterday and had undertaken some tests ahead of the surgery. His condition is stated to be fine. Jaitley has been a diabetic for a few years.
Jaitley's health condition had recently come under scanner when he had to-- owing to some physical strain--read a part of his maiden budget speech sitting down in the Lok Sabha.
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.
Most Popular

We want Muzaffarnagar in NCR: Narendra Modi ministerDGCA cracks down on Jet Airways, threatens to cancel licences of nearly 140 pilots
Last month, one of Jet Airways' planes plunged several thousand feet while flying over Turkey.

Ban bar dance  frame policy on Facebook: Panels ideas on women safetyDGCA cracks down on Jet Airways, threatens to cancel licences of nearly 140 pilots
Last month, one of Jet Airways' planes plunged several thousand feet while flying over Turkey.

Nasty  brutish and artsy Neanderthal hashtag engraving foundDGCA cracks down on Jet Airways, threatens to cancel licences of nearly 140 pilots
Last month, one of Jet Airways' planes plunged several thousand feet while flying over Turkey.

5 reasons to be worried about the bull runShishir Asthana |  Mumbai Sep 02, 2014
Last Updated at 10:29 AM IST
5 reasons to be worried about the bull run
Nifty has crossed the 8000 mark on news of GDP growth touching 5.7 per cent, a number last seen nine quarters back. Market pundits are now talking of Nifty touching 10,000 by next year's budget. Though there is a consensus on the direction of the market there are reasons to look out for in the short to medium term. The move ahead might not be as smooth as it was in the past.
Nifty has crossed the 8000 mark on news of GDP growth touching 5.7 per cent, a number last seen nine quarters back. Market pundits are now talking of Nifty touching 10,000 by next year’s budget. Though there is a consensus on the direction of the market there are reasons to look out for in the short to medium term. The move ahead might not be as smooth as it was in the past.
 
Here are five reasons why an investor needs to be worried about the current bull run in the market.
 
1) There is little doubt that the direction of economic growth has changed but the same is yet to reflect in the numbers. Recently announced first quarter numbers are yet to reflect the buoyancy of the market. However, the management sentiment has clearly improved from dismal to hopeful. It is this sentiment rather than the numbers that are getting captured in stock prices. Analysts are not extremely bullish on the September quarter growth numbers. 
 
2) GDP numbers are not as good as they look. Though the broad GDP number has shown a growth of 5.7 per cent, the main reasons for the uptick is higher election and social spend as well as higher power production. During months leading to elections, state governments ensured lower power outages to score brownie points. Both social spending and government related electricity purchases are back to the long term average. It is highly unlikely that the 5.7 per cent growth will be repeated in the near future.
 
3) Reining in the fiscal deficit will prevent government spending going forward. This will affect growth and earnings of companies. Further, continued high inflation will prevent the central bank from reducing its interest rates thus adding to the headwinds.
 
4) The present growth rate has been without any support from the banking system. Non-food credit offtake has in fact shown a contraction. With the series of CBI raids on banking officials, lending from public sector banks have again slowed down. Public sector banks were the main lenders to the small and medium sector enterprises. Unless credit growth picks up, there is little scope for sustainable growth.   
 
5) The September quarter corporate numbers will be viewed more closely by the market to see for signs of growth. On the economic front too, the broad growth numbers will be compared to the June quarter growth numbers. However, September quarter will not have the benefit of government spending. As for electricity, the quarter will reflect the continued poor state of affairs on the coal front which are being tested on account of not so sufficient monsoon. July core sector growth at 2.7 per cent as compared to a 7.3 per cent growth in June shows the possibility of poor numbers in the current quarter.
 
To add to these problems will be the flow of liquidity, especially from FIIs, which can change direction if interest rates in the US rises, as is being expected in the near future.
 Advertisements

Nifty holds 8 050 mark; Cipla  Bharti Airtel top gainersSI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 02, 2014
Last Updated at 10:25 AM IST
Nifty holds 8,050 mark; Cipla, Bharti Airtel top gainers
The market breadth in BSE remains firm with 1,409 shares advancing and 747 shares declining
Benchmark indices continue to hold on to their gains led by pharma and auto shares.
By 10:25, the Sensex was higher by 51 points at 26,918 mark and the Nifty gained by 22 points at 8,050 levels.
Markets have touched fresh record highs in opening trade, with Sensex opening near 27,000 mark after current account deficit narrowed sharply to 1.7% of GDP in the Apr-June quarter of 2014-15 compared to 4.8% of GDP in the same quarter of 2013-14.
Further, the government's request to the apex court not to cancel the permits for 46 coal blocks also boosted sentiment.
On the sectoral front, BSE Healthcare index has surged by nearly 2% followed by counters like Realty, Auto, Banks, Consumer Durables and Oil & Gas, all gaining between 0.1-1%. However, BSE Capital Goods index has declined by nearly 1%.
The main gainers on the Sensex are Cipla, Bharti Airtel, Sun Pharma, Bajaj Auto and Axis Bank, all gaining between 1-7%.
Bharti Airtel has moved higher by 4% to Rs 392, extending its previous day’s nearly 2% gain on NSE, after the company said it signs agreement to acquire its over 2.7 million subscribers of yuMobile. The stock is trading at its highest level since February 2012.
On the losing side, Infosys, L&T, HUL, ONGC and Wipro have declined between 0.8-1.1%.
The broader markets are outperforming the benchmark indices- BSE Midcap and Small indices have gained by nearly 1% each.
The market breadth in BSE remains firm with 1,409 shares advancing and 747 shares declining.
***********************************
Updated at 9:30
Markets touched fresh record highs in opening trade, with Sensex opening near 27,000 mark after current account deficit narrowed sharply to 1.7% of GDP in the Apr-June quarter of 2014-15 compared to 4.8% of GDP in the same quarter of 2013-14.
Further, the government's request to the apex court not to cancel the permits for 46 coal blocks also boosted sentiment.
By 9:30, the Sensex was higher by 77 points at 26,944 mark and the Nifty gained by 25 points at 8,052 levels.
In line with estimates, India’s current account deficit (CAD) for this financial year’s first quarter, April to June,  narrowed sharply to 1.7% of gross domestic product ($7.8 billion) from 4.8% of GDP ($21.8 bn) in the corresponding period of 2013-14.
The fall was aided by contraction in the trade deficit, on a rise in export and dip in import. The CAD for the fourth quarter (January-March) of 2013-14 was $1.2 bn (0.2% of GDP), it was also announced.
Indices ended at record closing highs yesterday with the Nifty breaching the psychological 8,000 level for the first time after better-than-expected first quarter GDP data fuelled a rally led by capital goods and bank shares.
Meanwhile, foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) bought shares worth a net Rs 554.14 crore on Monday, as per provisional data from the stock exchanges.
The rupee is trading at 60.65 per dollar vs previous close of 60.5250/5350.
ASIAN MARKETS
Asian shares drifted lower on Tuesday, with momentum from prior gains fading as investors were left short of cues with the US markets closed on Monday, while the euro continued to probe one-year lows in the uncertainty over the European Central Bank's policy decision later this week.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan lost 0.2%. The index managed to carve out gains on Monday, brushing aside the Ukraine crisis and a downbeat China manufacturing survey.
Tokyo's Nikkei edged up 0.4%, lifted by a weaker yen.
SECTORS & STOCKS
BSE Healthcare index has surged by nearly 1% followed by counters like Auto, Banks, Consumer Durables, FMCG and Realty, all gaining marginally. However, BSE IT index has declined by over 0.5%.
The main gainers on the Sensex are Cipla, Bharti Airtel, Hero Moto, Maruti Suzuki, Sun Pharma, Tata Power, HDFC, Bajaj Auto and Axis Bank.
Cipla has launched an anti-asthma inhaler in Germany and Sweden that is a generic version of GlaxoSmithKline Plc's Advair, a move that will further dent sales of the British firm's top-selling product. The stock is the top Sensex gainer, up nearly 8%.
Hero MotoCorp reported 21.43% jump in its total sales at 5,58,609 units in August 2014.
Meanwhile, Tata Motors today reported 17.59% decline in total sales at 40,883 units in August, 2014 as against 49,611 units in the same month last year.
On the losing side, Wipro, HUL, Infosys, ONGC and GAIL have declined by nearly 1% each.
 Advertisements

Rupee falls  tracks weak Asian currenciesLast Updated at 02:22 PM IST
Rupee off session lows, share gains help
The rupee is trading at 60.66/67 versus Monday's close of 60.5250/5350.
The rupee is trading at 60.54/55, off the session low of 60.68 and versus Monday's close of 60.5250/5350.
 
Traders said gains in the domestic share market are aiding sentiment for the rupee. Nifty is up 0.7%.
 
Most Asian FX, however, is trading weaker against the dollar, limiting a further fall in the USD/INR pair.
 
Dollar inflows are also low following the US Labor Day holiday on Monday.
 
The rupee is seen in a 60.50-60.75 range during the day.
 Advertisements

Eric Cantor heads to Wall StreetAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Cipla sahres jump after key generic launchCipla shares surge after key generic launch
Abhishek Vishnoi     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 2, 2014  | 11:36 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Shares of drug-maker Cipla on Tuesday rose as much as 8.7 per cent to a record high of Rs 575 after the company launched an anti-asthma inhaler in Germany and Sweden.
The inhaler is a generic version of GlaxoSmithKline Plc's Advair.
Emkay Global upgraded the stock to "buy" from "accumulate" with a target of Rs 671.
Overall addressable opportunity of generic Advair is $800 million in Europe, Emkay said.
Cipla shares  were trading up 6.6 per cent to Rs 564.65 on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) as of 11:10 am.
(Reuters)

Forbes  Fabulous 50 : TCS  HCL Tech  HDFC Bank  9 other Indian firms in Asia-Pacific listDGCA cracks down on Jet Airways, threatens to cancel licences of nearly 140 pilots
Last month, one of Jet Airways' planes plunged several thousand feet while flying over Turkey.

Trying situation for Vijay Mallya king of good timesDGCA cracks down on Jet Airways, threatens to cancel licences of nearly 140 pilots
Last month, one of Jet Airways' planes plunged several thousand feet while flying over Turkey.

Suffered second miscarriage while dating Evans: KellyBrookPress Trust of India | London |     September 2, 2014 11:07 am
Actress Kelly Brook has revealed she suffered a second miscarriage with former boyfriend Thom Evans. Brook, 34, and the former rugby star lost their first child on May 6 2011 when Kelly gave birth at just six months.
Brook has written in her autobiography that after the loss of her first child with Evans, the couple decided to go for a second child but within a few weeks, she suffered miscarriage, reported the Daily Mirror.
After the miscarriage Thom and I decided it was time to make a fresh start … Thom proposed. He’d bought a beautiful ring. I immediately said yes. The miscarriage actually brought us closer together. “Later I went to see my doctor, who said, ‘The best way to get over this is to try and get pregnant again’. “So Thom and I weren’t careful, and just before Christmas 2011, I got pregnant again. The look on Thom’s face said it all. I think he was terrified… I had another miscarriage after a few weeks,” she said.
Brook also revealed that post her miscarriage, Evans did not appear interested in her and put his modelling career over her. “We were still engaged in November 2012… Not long after that, he and I split up. His modelling career was picking up and a big US agent wanted to represent him. He was excited and so was I. I suggested we rent a flat in LA so I could visit,” she added.
“I was incredibly hurt when he said he wanted to go alone. He didn’t want to be weighed down by a flat. When I brought up the subject of marriage and children, the colour drained from his face. “He wanted to focus on his ‘new life’ in LA, a wife and children would slow him down. He didn’t want to be in a relationship anymore. It was obvious,” said Brook, who is now dating ‘Gladiators’ actor David McIntosh.

ONGC Videsh in talks with Pemex for MexicoexplorationMexico has opened up its acreages for foreign companies to explore for hydrocarbons after a more than 75-year hiatus. Reuters
New Delhi |     September 2, 2014 11:07 am
ONGC Videsh (OVL), the overseas subsidiary of state-run explorer ONGC, is in talks with Petróleos Mexicanos (Pemex), the national oil company of Mexico for a potential tie-up to pick up equity in exploration and production assets in the Latin American nation. Recently, Mexico has opened up its acreages for foreign companies to explore for hydrocarbons after a more than 75-year hiatus.
“Mexico is a new frontier. There is a new opportunity emerging for all aspiring companies. We have also activated our process. We are very much keen. We are in discussions,” NK Verma, who took over as the managing director of OVL last week, told FE.
Verma did not divulge how many blocks OVL is targeting to bid in Mexico. Pemex plans to establish 10 joint ventures in mature, onshore and offshore areas by December 2015, the company’s chief executive officer Emilio Lozoya was quoted as saying.
OVL is understood to have shown interest to pick up stakes in the “round zero” of acreages offered in July (similar to pre-NELP rounds held by India). Another “round 0.5” would be announced in November, while the first round of auctioning is expected next year. Currently, Mexico is offering both onshore and offshore blocks and OVL already had a few rounds of discussion with Pemex.
Bloomberg quoted Mexico’s energy minister Joaquin Coldwell saying the fields hold an estimated 20.6 billion barrels, enough to maintain production levels of at least 2.5 million barrels a day for the next 20 years.
The Modi government is asking state-run firms ONGC and Oil India to vigorously pursue acquisitions of oil and gas assets overseas. Petroleum minister Dharmendra Pradhan recently informed Parliament that India has ramped up crude oil imports from Mexico by 161% in the past five years to 98,800 barrels of oil per day.
In FY14, OVL acquired more than $5 billion in assets. The company teamed up with another state-run player Oil India to buy Videocon’s 10% stake in Mozambique’s Rovuma Area 1 for $2.475 billion. Subsequently, OVL on its own bought another 10% stake in the same field from Anadarko Petroleum of the US for $2.64 billion.
Siddhartha P Saikia

No compromise on good governance norms:SebiPress Trust of India | New Delhi |     September 2, 2014 11:03 am
Unperturbed by the industry’s intense lobbying, markets regulator Sebi has said listed companies must follow higher corporate governance standards and there will be no dilution to the new norms kicking in from next month.
At the same time, the regulator’s doors are open if firms want to discuss any apprehensions they might have and those can be resolved to help them adapt to the new regulations, Sebi chairman UK Sinha said. He made it clear that there can be no compromise on safeguarding the interest of investors, adding this was of paramount importance in the new corporate governance norms coming to effect from October 1.
The new regulations give more powers to minority shareholders on various issues such as related party transactions, appointment of directors and CEO salaries, while listed companies would also have to mandatorily appoint a woman director and put in place whistleblower mechanism.

Film student captures a slice of queerlifePrint
Written by Garima Rakesh Mishra | Pune |     September 2, 2014 10:59 am
The photography exhibition ‘Everyone Dies Grey – Queer Days Through My Lens’ by city-based student Aritra Sarkar is eye-catching, to say the least. The third-year sound design student at the Film and Television Institute of India (FTII), through 34 photographs, depicts the many faces of the LGBT community in the country. “I have been wishing to do something related to the queer for a very long time. It took me some time to figure out my medium of expression. However, during April this year I decided to click photographs that would capture LGBTs, their lives and their moods,” says Sarkar.
All the photographs are clicked at FTII with its students as models. Extremely bold in nature, the photographs required them to bear a lot of skin. One of Sarkar’s works shows two men lying naked next to each other. Another shows two women, scantily clad, in a bathroom. While one is sitting on a closed commode seat with a magazine, the other is on her lap. “I strongly believe that there is a strong connection between emotions and physicality; be it opposite sex couples or same sex couples,” Sarkar explains, adding that he took conscious effort to portray physicality in the relationships in his pictures without making them look vulgar.
Each picture, says Sarkar, has a story. Motioning to the picture that shows two boys standing on the roof of a building, wearing trunks and shoes, Sarkar says, “It’s a fun picture. The two boys are very fond of superheroes. That’s why one of them is wearing a mask over his eyes, just like a superhero; the other is holding a painting that shows Batman. To bring about closeness of their relationship, I asked the models to hold hands.” There are also photographs that portray the deeper side of same-sex relationship. For example, a photo shows a man wiping another man’s underarm with a cloth. “It is my favourite one. While one man is a healer, the other one is a taker. Whenever we fall sick, it’s mostly someone very close to us, who gives us a sponge bath. The men in the photo share an intimate relationship not just physically but also emotionally. To sum it up, they care for each other,” reveals Sarkar.
There is also a photograph that portrays three characters- one man and two women. The man is helping one of the women drape a saree, the other woman is tying a tie around her neck. The three of them share a flat. “Despite having a man staying with them, the women couple’s relationship doesn’t get affected,” says Sarkar, who plans to showcase his exhibition, which concluded at FTII on September 1, in Mumbai as well as other art galleries in Pune.
Was it difficult to convince the models to pose for the camera, given the theme and content of the project? “Fortunately it wasn’t that tough. The fact that most students at FTII are liberal-minded and open to new experiments, helped immensely. They had faith in me and my continued…

Now  electronic nose to detectdiarrhoeaIndo-Asian News Service | London |     September 2, 2014 10:55 am
In what could lead to faster diagnosis of diarrhoea and stomach cramps, researchers have developed an “electronic nose” that can sniff the highly infectious bacteria that causes these diseases.
Using a mass spectrometer, the researchers demonstrated that it is possible to identify the unique ‘smell’ of Clostridium difficile (C. diff) which would lead to rapid diagnosis of the condition.
What is more, in the near future it could be possible to identify different strains of the disease simply from their smell, helping medics to target the particular condition, said the researchers from University of Leicester in Britain.
“Current tests for C. difficile do not generally give strain information – this test could allow doctors to see what strain is causing the illness and allow doctors to tailor their treatment,” said Martha Clokie from the department of infection, immunity and inflammation.
Different strains of C. difficile can cause different symptoms and may need to be treated differently so a test that could determine not only an infection, but what type of infection could lead to new treatment options.
For the study, the researchers measured the Volatile Organic Compounds (VOCs) given out by different of strains of Clostridium difficile and showed that many of them have a unique “smell”.
“Our approach may lead to a rapid clinical diagnostic test based on the VOCs released from faecal samples of patients infected with C. difficile,” professor Paul Monks added.
The study appeared online in the journal Metabolomics.

1 500 visually impaired yet to get cornea transplantation atPGIPrint
Written by Tanbir Dhaliwal | Chandigarh |     September 2, 2014 10:53 am
At present, above 1,500 visually impaired people are waiting for their turn for cornea transplantation at the Advanced Eye Centre(AEC), PGI. There is a glaring gap between the number of donors and recipients in the city, the common reason behind which is little awareness about eye donation. As many as 1,525 corneal blind patients are in the waiting list of AEC. Per year about 350 eye donations take place, however, the required number should be at least 1,000 donations per year.
Corneal blindness is a fourth leading cause of blindness globally. It is a visual impairment that occurs from the cornea becoming clouded, scarred or any other infection that ultimately affects the transparency of cornea, making a person blind. Some of the common causes are deficiency of Vitamin A, some viral, fungal or bacterial infections, congenital disease or any eye trauma.
The treatment is the surgery by graft of cornea, but because of lack of donors, thousands of people remain blind. “Every year, about 4000 people take a pledge to support eye donation, but a lot more needs to be done. People who take pledge, should first convince their family members about the same and they should also spread the message about the noble cause,” Dr Amit Gupta, Ophthalmologist said.
So far in PGI a total of 60,000 people have pledged to donate their eyes after death, but the situation on ground is completely different.
Though the number of donations have slightly increased in the last few years, but it is still very less. In 2011 total of 320 eyes were donated, the next year in 2012 , the number of donations rose to 338, however it declined to 318 during last year. This year, 192 eyes have been received by the eye bank. Daily about ten deaths are reported in PGI, but hardly any family comes forward to donate the much needed organ.
“My job is to make aware the family members of the deceased about the noble cause of eye donation and ask for their consent. Daily, I come across about ten such cases, however, rarely someone agrees. At times, I do not get any confirmation for a week,” said Amritpal Singh, a counsellor at AEC, PGI.
He is doing the job of a counselor since 1977 and shares that though the attitude of people has changed but not to a great extent. “Initially, people used to think that I have some personal motive and they would manhandle me and doctors also. However, with awareness such incidents have reduced. Now people refuse in a more polite way,” he added.
For eye donation at PGI: 9855464464 ; 9814014464

Now   electronic nose  to detect diarrhoeaIndo-Asian News Service | London |     September 2, 2014 10:55 am
In what could lead to faster diagnosis of diarrhoea and stomach cramps, researchers have developed an “electronic nose” that can sniff the highly infectious bacteria that causes these diseases.
Using a mass spectrometer, the researchers demonstrated that it is possible to identify the unique ‘smell’ of Clostridium difficile (C. diff) which would lead to rapid diagnosis of the condition.
What is more, in the near future it could be possible to identify different strains of the disease simply from their smell, helping medics to target the particular condition, said the researchers from University of Leicester in Britain.
“Current tests for C. difficile do not generally give strain information – this test could allow doctors to see what strain is causing the illness and allow doctors to tailor their treatment,” said Martha Clokie from the department of infection, immunity and inflammation.
Different strains of C. difficile can cause different symptoms and may need to be treated differently so a test that could determine not only an infection, but what type of infection could lead to new treatment options.
For the study, the researchers measured the Volatile Organic Compounds (VOCs) given out by different of strains of Clostridium difficile and showed that many of them have a unique “smell”.
“Our approach may lead to a rapid clinical diagnostic test based on the VOCs released from faecal samples of patients infected with C. difficile,” professor Paul Monks added.
The study appeared online in the journal Metabolomics.

Fire at Chatterjee International Centre in KolkataUpdated: September 2, 2014 15:16 IST
Chatterjee International Center fire doused
Kolkata Bureau
The Hindu Fire in Chatterjee International Building in Kolkata on Tuesday. Photo: Sushanta Patronobish.
Special Arrangement
fire
Mamata Banerjee congratulates her men
"My Minister for Disaster Management, Mayor of Kolkata and Kolkata Police Commissioner have acted on time and averted a disaster," the Chief Minister of West Bengal, Mamata Banerjee tweeted within minutes after the fire was completely doused in the landmark Chatterjee International Centre on Tuesday.
The 24 floor building, one of the oldest high-rises of Kolkata, with many public and private offices, caught fire early in the morning. Twenty-Five engines were “immediately” pressed into service and no casualty was reported, the fire officials said.
The incident was first reported at around 8.30 am in the 16th floor of the building and spread to the next floors, as the engines allegedly reached the area, about half a kilometer from city’s prominent Park Street tri-junction, “little late.” Two of the offices were gutted.
Speaking to reporters Javed Khan, the Minister in Charge of Disaster Management, who reached the spot within a couple of hours, said that no one was trapped inside the building.
“We have been able to bring the fire under control after nearly four hours,” a fire brigade official who was present at the spot told The Hindu.
A woman who came down from the seventh floor of the building said she was stuck in the elevator. “The lift was moving up and down and then as it finally stopped in one of the floors, we rushed out,” the woman, who works in a private company, said.
While dousing the flames four fire fighters suffered minor burn injuries and some of them were hospitalised due to suffocation. Four people, who were present in the building at the time of fire, were also hospitalised. However, none were suffering of any breathing problem, trauma or related injury, officials said.
Chatterjee International Centre is one of the oldest high rises of Kolkata, which was completed in 1976. The nearly 300 feet high building has 24 floors.

Idukki water level touches seasons averageUpdated: September 2, 2014 11:26 IST
Idukki water level touches season’s average
Giji K. Raman
Tweet
Water level on Monday recorded at 2,368.2 ft
The month of August ended with the Idukki dam having an average water storage level of the previous years, compensating for the delayed monsoon this year.
An official of the Dam Monitoring and Research Station, Vazhathoppe, told The Hindu on Monday that the dam had average water level of the season now, though it was less than the figure last year.
The water storage on Monday was better than that in the lean monsoon years in the past, he said.
The water level on Monday was 2,368.2 ft, with the storage level reaching 62.25 percent of the total capacity. A rainfall of 75 mm was recorded in the catchment area on Monday. The water level was increasing by nearly 2 ft a day, the official said. For the past 10 days, there was an increase of over 1 foot of water a day. The water level on the same day last year was 2,395. 63 ft. However, on the same day in 2012, the level was at a low of 2,323 ft.
The power generation at the Moolamattom power house was 3.36 mu and on Sunday, it was 2.18 mu. For a week, the power generation had remained below 4 mu, the official said, adding that there was no cause for concern.
There was good inflow through the Periyar and other tributaries. The water level was rising steadily, and would only increase, though the rain might taper off.

24-hour medical centre to be opened at Tiruchi JunctionUpdated: September 2, 2014 11:09 IST
24-hour medical centre to be opened at Tiruchi Junction
Special Correspondent
Tweet
A private hospital will run the centre while railways will give land free of cost
The divisional railway authorities have proposed to set up a medical care centre at Tiruchi railway junction for rail travellers requiring immediate medical attention.
The railways will provide space for the proposed centre which will be manned and operated by a private corporate hospital.
A designated space would be provided for the centre which would function round-the-clock with a trained nurse and pharmacist with necessary apparatus.
A doctor would attend to travellers requiring immediate medical attention. The initiative was based on public interest and noble cause, railway officials here said.
The need for a medical centre in Tiruchi was felt as there were instances of passengers suddenly feeling uneasy and uncomfortable due to some problems while travelling, a senior railway official said.
The divisional railway authorities had invited expression of interest from corporate hospitals to man and operate the centre. The Kavery Hospital in Tiruchi had come forward to set up the centre, the official said.
The space for the proposed centre had been identified at Tiruchi Junction which attracted thousands of passengers every day. The number of trains either operating from or passing through Tiruchi Junction was over 100 every day. Interior works and certain basic facilities would soon be provided inside the centre before it was commissioned. The official said the railway was ready to provide space for hospitals which were eager to set up similar centres at other stations such as Villupuram, Thanjavur, and Kumbakonam.

QE will end EU financial fragmentationLast updated: September 2, 2014 5:43 pm
QE best way to mend Europe financial fragmentation
By Gene Frieda
Bond purchases by ECB would eliminate yield differences, writes Gene Frieda
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fdee2048-31f2-11e4-b929-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Nifty Firm Above 8 050  Sensex Near 27 000BSE Sensex and Nifty rose today to fresh record highs amid optimism over recovery in the Indian economy after the first quarter growth surged to nine-quarter high.
Sensex and Nifty clocked fresh record highs of 26,982.63 and 8,067.15 today.
Foreign investors, key drivers of the market rally this year, have bought shares worth $13 billion, or nearly Rs 78,000 crore, in 2014 so far despite some geopolitical tensions, on continued optimism about an improving economy and expectations that the Narendra Modi government will usher in significant reforms. On Monday, foreign investors bought Indian equities worth Rs 554 crore.
Analysts remain positive on the markets in the short-term see some profit-taking surfacing at higher remains.
Gaurang Shah, assistant vice president at Geojit BNP Paribas Financial Services, said good macro data like GDP numbers, foreign inflows and fall in oil prices are driving Indian markets. But he sees some profit-taking at 8,100 levels for Nifty.
Technical analyst Sarvendra Srivasatava sees markets heading higher in short-term but says 8050-8100 level remains the resistance zone for Nifty.
Cipla surged over 6 per cent to be the biggest Nifty gainer. Cipla on Monday launched its generic drug used for treatment of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease in Germany and Sweden. While the drug - Salmeterol/Fluticasone MDI - will be sold under the Serroflo brand in Germany, it will be marketed as Salmeterol/Fluticasone Cipla in Sweden, Cipla said in a statement. The combined market size of the drug is estimated around $100 million.
Cement stocks were also among gainers after core sector data for July indicated that cement production grew 16.4 per cent during the month. UltraTech, ACC, Grasim Industries and Ambuja Cement rose between 2-3 per cent.
Hero MotoCorp rose 1.7 per cent after August sales jumped 21 per cent. Some buying was also seen in banking stocks with IndusInd Bank and HDFC Bank  gaining between 0.8 per cent and 1.5 per cent.
Some selling pressure was seen in metal stocks with JSPL and Sesa Sterlite down between 1 per cent and 2 per cent.
At 11:23 a.m., Sensex was up 97 points to 26,965 while Nifty rose 33 points to 8,060.
Story first published on: September 02, 2014 11:29 (IST)

Asian Stocks Fall  ECB Uncertainty Continues to PummelYou are here: Home Market
Asian Stocks Fall, ECB Uncertainty Continues to Pummel
Reuters | Updated On: September 02, 2014 11:09 (IST)
Wall Street Little Changed After Weak Payrolls Report
Tokyo:
Asian shares slipped on Tuesday as a US holiday robbed markets of momentum, while the euro hit a fresh one-year low on uncertainty over the European Central Bank's policy decision later this week.
Spreadbetters expected an effectively flat open for Europe, with Britain's FTSE, Germany's DAX and France's CAX forecast to open about 0.1 per cent higher.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan lost 0.6 per cent after managing to carve out gains on the previous day.
With US markets closed for Labor Day, investors in Asia were somewhat subdued. The mood was also tempered by persistent geopolitical concerns and anaemic manufacturing surveys in Asia and Europe showing pockets of weakness in the global economy.
Tokyo's Nikkei bucked the trend and rose 1.2 per cent, with a planned cabinet reshuffle by Prime Minister Shinzo Abe helping fuel reform hopes.
The dollar, boosted by the flagging euro and gains in Tokyo shares that dented the appeal of the safe-haven yen, rose to a seven-month high of 104.87 yen .
"The dollar's gains are driven by actual flows, such as options-related buying. The market is also keeping an eye on the rise in equities," said Shinichiro Kadota, chief Japan FX strategist at Barclays Bank in Tokyo.
Immediate focus was on the ISM's report on US manufacturing due later in the day, which might point to the US phasing out quantitative easing just as the ECB contemplates its adoption.
The euro slipped to a fresh one-year low of $1.3115 .
The common currency was expected to remain under pressure ahead of Thursday's European Central Bank policy meeting.
While many market participants do not expect the ECB to take major easing steps this week, a few are seen braced for new policy measures. Further central bank easing is considered a matter of when and not if in the face of risks to euro zone growth posed by the Ukraine conflict and stubbornly low inflation.
"This week may start to mark the biggest shift in global monetary policy since 'Abenomics' went into full steam on the appointment of Haruhiko Kuroda to head up the BOJ," equity strategists at Jefferies wrote in a note to clients.
The decline in European headline inflation rates, collapse in German bund yields, and the call by the president of the ECB for 'growth friendly' fiscal policy suggests that Europe is finally moving towards quantitative easing, they said.
The Australian dollar showed little reaction to the well-anticipated decision by the Reserve Bank of Australia to keep its cash rate at a record low 2.5 per cent for the 12th consecutive meeting.
The Aussie was down 0.4 per cent at $0.9296 after brushing a one-week low of $0.9285.
In commodities, Brent crude held steady below $103 a barrel on Tuesday, with new unrest in OPEC oil producer Libya balanced by concerns of slowing oil demand growth due to weak economic recoveries in China and Europe.
Palladium hovered near a 13-1/2 year high of $910 an ounce hit overnight on fears that possible Western sanctions against Russia over the Ukraine crisis could hit supply from the world's top producer of the metal, while gold nudged higher.
Spot palladium last traded at $904.50 an ounce. Russia accounted for more than 40 percent of global palladium supply last year.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Nifty Beyond 8 000: What Will Drive Gains FurtherYou are here: Home Market
Damani, Holland Expect Bull Run to Continue on Dalal Street
NDTV | Updated On: September 02, 2014 14:31 (IST)
Wall Street Little Changed After Weak Payrolls Report
Indian stock markets are on fire with the benchmark Sensex and Nifty hitting record highs almost daily. Consider this, the Nifty took just 78 trading sessions to move from 7,000 to 8,000 as compared to 1,593 trading days to move from 6,000 to 7,000. The bluechip index has jumped nearly 50 per cent over the last year.
Despite sharp gains and rich valuations, big investors continue to be bullish about markets. Market veteran Ramesh Damani, who is a proponent of value investing and has a brilliant track record of stock picking, told NDTV that India is in a long-term structural bull market. ( Watch full interview )
"There is no reason to say that markets are topping out now," he says.
According to Mr Damani, the first leg of the market rally, since September last year was driven by global liquidity and foreign flows. Global liquidity, which has been benign so far, has been a big driver behind the sharp gains in Indian stocks. Foreign investors have pumped in nearly Rs 78,000 crore into Indian equity markets since beginning of 2014.
The next leg of rally would be triggered by earnings growth as the economic growth picks up, Mr Damani says. India's GDP grew 5.7 per cent year-on-year, the fastest pace in nine quarters, data revealed on Friday.
Andrew Holland, CEO at Ambit investment Advisors says India is in a bull market for next 2-3 years, though he cautioned investors about the possibility of short-term corrections. ( Watch interview here )
"The earnings growth story in India is explosive, you just need to be in the right sectors with right companies with right management," he added.
Mr Holland says domestic growth story of India is very strong, companies with domestic supply theme are likely to benefit from the economic upturn.
Deven Choksey, CEO and MD at KR Choksey Shares and Securities says 8,000 in Nifty is not a sacrosanct level. The Nifty will move further as lots of positive announcements are likely to come up this month.
"PM (Prime Minister) in Japan is attracting lot of investment to India... The last leg of monsoon is suggesting that crop output is likely to be better which will push the rural consumption," said Mr Choksey.
Stock picks:
Mr Damani says investors should choose companies with strong business fundamental and good management. Tata Motors has a global presence and is still available at a single-digit price earnings ratio, he says. Cyclicals and industrials will also do very well, he added.
Mr Holland says companies like Maharashtra Seamless and Jindal Saw are likely to benefit from the infrastructure focus in the oil and gas segment. These companies also have huge operational gearing which is going to boost their bottomline to a great extent, he added.
Mr Holland also likes Alstom T&D India and Siemens. These companies are going to witness a surge in their order book due to government's focus on power sector, he added
Story first published on: September 02, 2014 11:00 (IST)

TCS  HCL Tech in Forbes 50 Best Companies in Asia-PacificFacebook Ready to Spend Billions to Bring Whole World Online: CEO Zuckerberg
New York:
Tata Consultancy Services (TCS), HCL Technologies and HDFC Bank are among the 50 best public companies in Asia-Pacific according to a compilation by Forbes.
The list also ranked India second behind China as home to the "world's next growth engines".
The Forbes 2014 'honour roll of the Fabulous 50', lists best of Asia-Pacific's biggest publicly traded companies.
China has 16 companies on the list, more than any other country, a distinction it has enjoyed for the last three years. However, the number of Chinese companies on the list has gone down from 20 last year on the back of slow economic growth in the country.
India trails China with 12 companies on the list, the same number as last year.
The Indian companies on the list are Asian Paints, Axis Bank, HCL Technologies,HDFC Bank, Lupin, Mahindra and Mahindra, Mothersome Sumi Systems, Sun Pharma, TCS, Tata Motors, Tech Mahindra and Titan.
HDFC Bank, India's second-largest private sector bank, has made the list eight times, more than any other company since Forbes started the compilation in 2005.
TCS makes it to the list for the seventh time while Tech Mahindra, the country's fifth-largest IT player, debuts on the list after net profits soared 112 per cent to touch $500 million. Indian conglomerate ITC failed to make it to the list this year.
Forbes said TCS, India's largest IT company boasts a market cap of $71.25 billion, bigger than the country's next 3 IT outfits combined.
"Long dependent on the US market, (TCS) may soon generate more than half its revenue outside the US," the publication said.
South Korea has six companies on the list, followed by Hong Kong with three and two each from Japan, Australia, Malaysia, Singapore and Thailand.
Technology companies dominated this list with nine representatives.
The list is chosen from a pool of 1,300 companies in the region that have at least $3 billion in market cap or annual revenue.
Forbes took into account performance measures and outlook and did not include companies that carried a lot of debt or were more than 50 per cent state-owned.
Story first published on: September 02, 2014 11:22 (IST)

Jan dhan yojna feasible  but unsure of costing: Ex-Bankers08:00 am
Prime Minister Narendra Modi had announced the launch of his government's ambitious financial inclusion plan, the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana (PMJDY) which aims to help the poor open bank accounts. PM Modi said that over one crore bank accounts had already been opened on the first day.
Modi also said that people who open accounts under this scheme by January 26 will get medical insurance of Rs 30,000.
Speaking about the scheme, which seeks to provide two accounts to 7.5 crore identified households by August 2018, two eminent bankers sought to figure out if its implementation will be a drain on the banking system..
While former MD and CFO at  State Bank of India Diwakar Gupta, in an interview to CNBC-TV18's Latha Venkatesh, said it is difficult to give an exact cost of the operation, former deputy governor KC Chakraborty said he sees no problem in banks spending Rs 18,000 crore on Jan-Dhan Yojana.
The programme assumes importance as 42 per cent of the population is still out of the formal banking system, and has to depend on money lenders for meeting their credit needs.
Below is the transcript of KC Chakrabarty and Diwakar Gupta's interview with Latha Venkatesh & Sonia Shenoy on CNBC-TV18.
Latha: Wear your hat as former chairman of Punjab National Bank , what does it cost to start an account in such a far flung place in unbanked villages and therefore 7 crore new accounts or 7.5 crore new accounts. What might it mean in terms of cost to the banking system?
Chakrabarty: Costing and pricing is most nontransparent in the banking services, in fact this is one of the basic lacuna therefore it is very difficult to find out per account cost because banks themselves are not able to tell that. However, people are putting a lot of overemphasis on the cost. Let me give broad examples, we require about 5 lakh business correspondents (BC) and BC will be the main cost of the entire operation. If we require 5 lakh BCs, nobody is saying that BC should be paid more than Rs 5,000. I take Rs 10,000 per month. This makes about Rs 500 crore per month or Rs 6,000 crore per year. I add another cost, another Rs 6,000 for all other type of costs which is necessary to backup technology, infrastructure. We are talking of Rs 12,000 crore and add another Rs 6000 crore will be R 18,000 crore. If you say for giving the banking facility to the 50 percent of the population the country cannot spend Rs 20,000 crore. I think we are talking something which is not proper.
What is the total cost of banks? Banks are spending every year. The operating cost of bank is about Rs 2 trillion. Last year the schedule commercial banks’ operating cost was about 1.56-1.57 billion that is 2013; last year it must have been Rs 1.8 trillion and this year it will be including regional rural banks (RRB) cross Rs 2 trillion. Therefore, for providing banking facility to 50 percent population we are ready to spend Rs 2 trillion and we are not ready to spend Rs 20,000 crore - only 10 percent of that for providing banking facility to another 50 percent population.
Latha: The ideological point is that banks are commercial institutions and there are minority shareholders also which own them. This is a public service, what you are talking about the remaining 50 percent. The question is will they make money on this Rs 18,000 crore or are they likely to lose a goodish bit?
Chakrabarty: Absolutely. If they are able to spend Rs 2 trillion on providing banking facility to remaining 50 percent and they are making money, why they will not make money here.
Initially it maybe an investment; we do not consider this as expense but let me come to the benefits; we have LPG subsidy of Rs 50,000 crore, we have fertiliser subsidy, we have food subsidy, we have government pension, we have various other benefits. Nandan use to say about 3 lakh-4 lakh crore will be the subsidy transfer. If we can save 10 percent money on that, the entire cost of operation can be recovered and banks can make money. RBI has never said that bank should do this job as a charity, in fact we have always emphasized banks must do this job as a sustainable and viable business and up till now nobody has been able to provide me the data and saying that this operation is unviable. 

Bajaj Auto eyes 4-lakh sales in Sept-Oct08:00 am
Despite Bajaj Auto ’s monthly sales figure being below street expectations, the stock has been up on the back of a spectacular guidance stating a run rate of 400,000 total sales in September and October.
The auto major’s total sales for the month of August stood at 3,37,000 units as against 3,19,000 units month-on-month (MoM), up around 8 percent year-on-year (YoY), said S Ravikumar, President - Business Development and Assurance, Bajaj Auto.
In an interview with CNBC-TV18’s Latha Venkatesh and Sonia Shenoy, Ravikumar said their motorcycle sales stood at 2,84,000 units, up 6 percent MoM.
Bajaj Auto’s three-wheeler sales stood at 52,500 units as against 51,451 units MoM. Ravikumar further anticipates three-wheeler sales to be 55,000 units per month hereon.
Last month, the company launched two new variants of the new Discover 150 cc, expecting a turnaround in Discover market share by September-October 2014. Going forward, he sees new Discover sales growing to 25,000-30,000 units per month as compared to a monthly sale of roughly 17,500 units.
The company’s exports have escalated to 1,75,000 units as against 1,69,000 units M-o-M, he said adding that beyond festive season too, 2,00,000 domestics will be sold with an additional sale of 3,50,000 units from bikes.
Bajaj Auto stock price
On August 22, 2014, Bajaj Auto closed at Rs 2335.20, up Rs 33.55, or 1.46 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 2363.90 and the 52-week low was Rs 1796.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 112.16 per share as per the quarter ended June 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 20.82. The latest book value of the company is Rs 332.04 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 7.03.
RELATED NEWS

Bharat Electronics incorporates JVCSep 02, 2014, 10.58 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Bharat Electronics incorporates JVC
Bharat Electronics Ltd has informed BSE that the Company had informed on July 05, 2012, the decision of BEL Board of Directors to establish a Joint Venture Company (JVC) with M/s. Thales Air Systems SA, France and M/s. Thales India Pvt. Ltd in Radar Business Area. The Company has informed that the JVC has been incorporated on August 28, 2014.

Hero Moto  TVS Motor at record high post August sales dataSep 02, 2014, 10.48 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Hero Moto, TVS Motor at record high post August sales data
World's largest two-wheeler maker Hero Motocorp sold 5,58,609 units of two-wheelers in August, registering growth of 21 percent over the corresponding month of previous year.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Hero Moto, TVS Motor at record high post August sales data
World's largest two-wheeler maker Hero Motocorp sold 5,58,609 units of two-wheelers in August, registering growth of 21 percent over the corresponding month of previous year.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Investors continued to keep shares of  Hero Motocorp and  TVS Motor Company on their buying list on Tuesday after strong August sales data. Both shares touched record highs of Rs 2,819 (up 2.16 percent) and Rs 201.80 (up 4.34 percent), respectively.
India's largest two-wheeler maker Hero Motocorp sold 5,58,609 units of two-wheelers in August, registering growth of 21 percent over the corresponding month of previous year.
"All recent launches by Hero, including new Karizma, ZMR Xtreme, Passion Pro TR and new Pleasure scooter, have received overwhelming response and the Splendor iSmart continues to drive volumes in the market," said the company in its filing.
Hero is confident of keeping up this growth momentum heading into the festive season, with as many as 10 new launches, including new models, upgrades and refreshes, during this period.
New bike Splendor Pro Classic will be available in dealerships across the country in the coming weeks, it said.
Meanwhile, another two-wheeler maker TVS Motor reported a 46 percent growth in August total sales at 2.27 lakh units year-on-year. Its 2-wheeler sales grew by 47 percent to 2.17 lakh units while exports rose by 28 percent to 35,074 units YoY and 3-wheeler sales jumped 39 percent to 9,820 units.
Pune-based Bajaj Auto 's total sales increased by 8 percent year-on-year (up 5.6 percent month-on-month) to 3.37 lakh units. S Ravikumar, president - business development & assurance, expects to see total sales of 4 lakh units in next few months.
"New Discover sales will grow to 25,000-30,000 units per month. We expect 3-wheeler sales of 55,000 units per month going forward," he said.
Analysts expect two-wheeler companies to maintain strong sales growth in coming months on the back of festivals like Ganapati, Dassera and Diwali.
"Domestic two-wheeler (2W) volumes have positively surprised in August-14 and have grown by an estimated 23 percent Y-o-Y to 1.39 million units. Year-to-date (YTD) industry growth at 15.5 percent Y-o-Y is running higher than our FY15 growth forecast of 12 percent," said the Deutsche Bank in its note.
For Hero, the brokerage raised FY15-17E earnings per share forecasts by 4 percent and target price by 10 percent to Rs 2150. For TVS, it increased FY15-17E EPS forecasts by 7-8 percent and target price by 12 percent to Rs 180.
DB maintains sell rating on Hero Motocorp and hold on Bajaj Auto and TVS Motor.
At 10:04 hours IST, Hero Motocorp rose 1.11 percent to Rs 2,790 and TVS Motor Company climbed 3.15 percent to Rs 199.50 on the BSE.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

India s commitment to peace and non-violence engrained in our DNA: PM Modi to Japan#tracking the modi government #narendra modi #modi in japan #npt
Tokyo: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday sought to address concerns of international community over India not signing the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT) by saying that the country's commitment to peace and non-violence is engrained in the "DNA of Indian society" which is above any international treaty or processes.
"India is a land of Lord Buddha. Buddha lived for peace and suffered for peace and that message is prevalent in India," Modi said at Sacred Heart University while replying to a question by a student. During an interaction, he was asked how India would enhance trust of the international community without changing its stand on NPT, which it has refused to sign despite possessing nuclear weapons.
Modi used the land of Japan, which is the only country to have been the victim of an atom bomb attack, to send out the message on this issue amid moves to have a civil nuclear deal with Tokyo. India refuses to sign the NPT because it considers it as flawed.
PM Modi cited how India undertook the freedom struggle under the leadership of Mahatma Gandhi with the entire society being committed to non-violence.
Asserting that India's "commitment to non-violence is total", Modi said it is engrained in the "DNA of Indian society and this is above any international treaty", apparently referring to India's refusal to sign the NPT. "In international affairs, there are some processes. But above them is the commitment of the society," he said, underlining the need for rising "above the treaties".
To buttress his point, the Prime Minister cited how India undertook the freedom struggle under the leadership of Mahatma Gandhi with the entire society being committed to non-violence, surprising the whole world. He went on to add that India, for thousands of years, has had the belief in 'vasudhaiva kutumbakam' (the whole world is one family).
"When we consider the whole world as one family, how can we even think about doing anything that would harm or hurt anyone?" The question was asked in the context of India recently ratifying the Additional Protocol on Safeguards Agreement signed with IAEA, that will allow inspectors of the atomic watchdog easy access to India's civil nuclear facilities.
During the interactive session, the Prime Minister was asked by another student about how peace could be pursued in Asia despite China's "expansionist" designs. "You seemed to be troubled a lot by China," he quipped while addressing the student amid his observation that they were asking questions like journalists.
Speaking further, he carefully avoided any direct answer to the question and merely said, "India is a democratic country. Similarly, Japan is also a democratic country. If
India and Japan together think about peace and positive things, we can make the world realise the strength of a democracy. We should focus on progress and development instead
of paying attention to others. If we pay attention to our situation, our condition will be better."
He then narrated an imaginary story. "Imagine, there is darkness in a room. Someone goes inside with a broom to remove the darkness but he will fail. Another person goes inside with a sword to remove darkness. He will also fail. Another person goes with blanket to remove darkness, but he will also fail. Then a wise man goes with a small lamp, the darkness will be chased away. A lamp peace, prosperity and democracy will never be scared of darkness."
Modi, who virtually turned into a professor at the university, also gave a lesson to the Japanese students on Indian ethos in terms of respecting the nature when asked how a rapidly-growing India would preserve ecology while pursuing sources of energy. "India is such a country where people love and communicate with nature," he said.
In this context, he said earth is respected as mother, moon is treated as 'mama' (uncle), sun and Himalayas as grandfather, rivers as mother while trees are worshipped like God.
"Let me tell you my own story. I come from a poor family. My uncle once started wood business but my illiterate mother told him that it is a sin to cut trees and the family would rather prefer to starve," Modi said.
He said if such is the treatment given to nature, then Indians can't harm the climate. Referring to the terminology of Climate Change, Modi questioned whether it is correct. "Is it climate change or habit change. Our habits have changed and we are fighting the nature. We should rather have communication with nature." He then suggested the students to read his book 'Convenient Action' on climate.
Earlier, he told the assembly of all girls about the status of women in India, saying they are worshipped as goddesses in various forms. "India is the only country which has gods in the shape of female," he said. Coining his sentence in the context of a Cabinet, he said education is linked to Goddess Saraswati, finance to Goddess Laxmi, Security and Home Affairs to Goddess Mahakali and Food Security to Devi Annapurna.
He also pointed out that women have 33 per cent reservation in local bodies in India. He talked about his personal attachment to the girls education. In this context, he stated that while leaving Gujarat when he became the Prime Minister, he had auctioned all the gifts he had got during his 14-year tenure as Chief Minister.
Rs 78 crore were collected and it was deposited in the government treasury for use for girls education. At the university, Modi posed for a 'selfie' with a small group of Indians who were excited on seeing him.

Watch: PM Narendra Modi s  jugalbandi  on the drums with a JapaneseIndia @ 9 with Bhupendra Chaubey
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Google expected to launch sub-Rs 6000 Android One smartphones in India on September 15#google #android one #micromax #spice #karbonn #smartphones
New Delhi: Google is expected to launch its much-awaited sub-$100 (around Rs 6,000) smartphones in India this month, which will further intensify competition in the booming multi-billion dollar smart devices market here.
According to an invite sent by the company, Google will make "an exciting new announcement" on September 15. Sources said meanwhile that the company is going to unveil the sub-$100 device.
Google, back in June, had announced its partnership with three Indian mobile phone makers - Micromax, Karbonn and Spice - for the first set of Android One phones. On being contacted by IBNLive, Google and the three OEMs didn't confirm the arrival of the Android One phones on September 15 but at the same time they did not refute the speculation.
Google's Android One device with Micromax would be a dual-SIM 4.5-inch screen device with a removable SD card, costing less than Rs 6,000.
Google announced its 'Android One' initiative to bring in under-$100 handsets aimed at bringing the next one billion population to the Android operating system ecosystem.
The US-based tech giant had partnered domestic handset makers Micromax, Karbonn and Spice to bring these devices into India by October this year.
The device with Micromax would be a dual-SIM 4.5-inch screen device with a removable SD card, costing less than $100, Google SVP (Android, Chrome and Apps), Sundar Pichai had said at the firm's developers conference in San Francisco.
He had added that while Android One devices will be launched around the world, the initiative would start with India.
According to research firm IDC, smartphone sales in the country grew almost three-fold to over 44 million in 2013, buoyed by affordable devices made by local firms such as Micromax and Karbonn. In the second quarter of 2014, 18.42 million smartphones were shipped in India. Though Samsung is the leader with a 29 per cent market share, Micromax (18 per cent), Karbonn (8 per cent) and LAVA (6 per cent) are close competitors.
While Android is the dominant operating system globally, other OS' like Windows and iOS (Apple) are also gaining traction. Also, newer platforms like Firefox and Tizen may emerge as strong challengers to Google's platform.
Google's attempts to also important as it aims to capture a larger share of the entry-level segment.
Last week, Firefox (in partnership with Spice and Intex) launched two new smartphones, priced below Rs 2,300, aimed at those looking to upgrade from feature phones to smartphones.
(With inputs from PTI)

Goods & Services Tax: Impossible tax reform to implement in IndiaTerms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

China  cool  about India-Japan tiesChina `cool` about India, Japan huddling together to contain Beijing
By ANI | ANI –  Tue 2 Sep, 2014
Recommend
Print
Beijing, Sep 02 (ANI): While the Japanese media is abuzz with speculations that Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi are working on a plan to strengthen the bilateral ties and hedge against the growing power of China, the Chinese Foreign Ministry has responded with a "cool" attitude.
Speaking at a news conference in Beijing, Foreign Ministry spokesman Qin Gang said that China has taken notice of it but emphasized that both China and India advocate and follow the Five Principles of Peaceful Coexistence and practise independent foreign affairs policies. (ANI)
Recommend

Sensex  Nifty on a record-breaking spreeHi Guest
Markets hit record highs; Sensex ends above 27,000
Benchmark share indices ended at record closing highs and the Sensex ended above 27,000 for the first time after the country's balance of payments remained in surplus for the third straight quarter during April-June 2014. The 30-share Sensex ended up 152 points at 27,019 after hitting a record 27,082.85 and the 50-share Nifty closed 55 points at 8,083 after hitting a record high of 8,101.95. India’s current account deficit for this financial year’s first quarter, April to June, ...

Apple Co iCloud accounts hacked: Shocked Jennifer Lawrence rushes to authorities after nude photos leaked onlineApple Co iCloud accounts hacked: Shocked Jennifer Lawrence rushes to authorities after nude photos leaked online
Rupee trades lower at 60.64 per dollarRupee trades lower at 60.64 per dollar
PRECIOUS-Gold falls to near 1-week low on dollar strengthPRECIOUS-Gold falls to near 1-week low on dollar strength
Japan now India s strategic partner | Full coverageJapan now India s strategic partner | Full coverage
Worst behind ancillariesExpect M&M to unveil new products and see good growth
Surinder Kapur
CMD
Sona Koyo
India’s automobile sector seems on a road to recovery. For August sales, the numbers reported were much better than expected across the board . Surinder Kapur, chairman,  Sona Koyo Steering Systems believes that worst is over for auto ancillary companies.
Sona Koyo, largest manufacturer of steering systems for PVs and UVs in India, has been focusing on domestic OEMs, he said. Speaking about the latest happenings in the company, Kapur said its FY revenue growth will not be more than 11 percent, but its margins are likely to improve.
He further added that Maruti Suzuki , which holds 6.9 percent stake in the company, contributes 45 percent to its revenues.
Meanwhile, Harish Sheth, CMD,  Setco Automotive is also of the view that scenario in the commercial vehicle (CV) sector has also improved considerably. He foresees 30 percent growth in CV sector in second half as against first half of CY14. Setco Automotive is largest maker of clutch assemblies for CV sector.
Below is the verbatim transcript of Surinder Kapur and Harish Sheth's interview with CNBC-TV18’s Latha Venkatesh and Sonia Shenoy. For the complete discussion watch the accompanying videos.
Sonia: Not too many people are aware that a Setco Automotives is the largest manufacturer of clutch assemblies for the commercial vehicle sector in India. So you would be able to give us a clear indication of whether things are picking up on the ground because you do supply to a lot of companies like Tata Motors, Ashok Leyland etc, what is your view on how the situation has improved?
Sheth: Generally commercial vehicle manufacturers are thinking of a probably about 30-40 percent growth in the second half over the first half. That is a kind of indication they are giving in some of the meetings I have had.
With a growth in infrastructure and feel-good factor - transporters have come forward and started buying the vehicles. So we feel that OE demand will increase considerably. We are also in the aftermarket business in a big way and with the infrastructure improvement, commercial vehicle’s movement will improve considerably as there will be money in the economy. So we are looking at a very positive next five years. 
Latha: You said that commercial vehicle guys are telling you that they are expecting a 30 percent improvement in sales. Your own Q1 numbers show revenue growth of 49 percent. What are the orders you have got, are the orders for FY15 30 percent better or is it even better, 50 percent better for you?
Sheth: Our business is divided into three parts, one is OE, aftermarket and exports. In Q1 exports and aftermarket both grew considerably and OE also in certain areas grew considerably. The movement is moving towards the bigger vehicles and there naturally the value will be more. So considering that the growth is coming and we expect the same thing to continue throughout the year.
Sonia: Is it a lot of the inventory build up that we have seen in this month that has resulted in higher sales or do you think in general the worst is over for the passenger vehicle sector?
Kapur: Tere is no question that the worst is over. I think August sales - you have probably seen the mix of inventory reduction as well as new production. Generally one can make a very clear categorical statement that the worst is over that the fact that growth is here to stay. The question is how much growth. Having seen Q1 GDP growth at 5.7 percent, it tells us that things are improving. There are all indicators that things are improving.
Latha: Your own Q1 number was a dramatic turnaround on the net front, it was a profit of Rs 3.5 crore, but more importantly operating margins were at 12.5 percent compared to 9 percent, EBITDA was 52 percent higher but revenues were up only 11 percent. So is it that you are going to see greater capacity utilisation and how will you extrapolate all these numbers for the full year, what will revenues grow, will it be way more than 11 percent?
Kapur: No, I don’t think it will be way more than 11 percent. I think as Mr Sheth discussed earlier, everybody is now looking at a mix of earlier -- for instance Sona Koyo was heavily concentrated on domestic OEMs, now we are getting into the overseas market. So I think we are getting a mix of customers into the fold of the company. But looking at our EBITDA margin improvement which we focused on, is mainly because of reduction in cost that we have implemented in the company, there is an improvement in material cost by way of localisation etc.
W will see improvements in margins this year. I don’t believe the sales are going to be that much more than what we have already seen because there is a pick up but the pick up of various models, it is not a general pick up. For instance, you have seen Maruti, Honda etc pick up. Tatas and Mahindras did not pick up in August. So I think you will see a mixture of vehicles, of platforms which will do well or not do so well. But the important thing to focus on is that generally the economy is improving, generally the automotive industry is improving and I think we will see better results in the months to come and in the years to come.
Sona Koyo Stee stock price
On August 22, 2014, Sona Koyo Steering Systems closed at Rs 52.65, up Rs 2.30, or 4.57 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 52.90 and the 52-week low was Rs 9.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 2.83 per share as per the quarter ended June 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 18.6. The latest book value of the company is Rs 13.41 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 3.93.
RELATED NEWS

Hero  TVS @ record highSep 02, 2014, 10.48 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Hero Moto, TVS Motor at record high post August sales data
World's largest two-wheeler maker Hero Motocorp sold 5,58,609 units of two-wheelers in August, registering growth of 21 percent over the corresponding month of previous year.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Hero Moto, TVS Motor at record high post August sales data
World's largest two-wheeler maker Hero Motocorp sold 5,58,609 units of two-wheelers in August, registering growth of 21 percent over the corresponding month of previous year.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Investors continued to keep shares of  Hero Motocorp and  TVS Motor Company on their buying list on Tuesday after strong August sales data. Both shares touched record highs of Rs 2,819 (up 2.16 percent) and Rs 201.80 (up 4.34 percent), respectively.
India's largest two-wheeler maker Hero Motocorp sold 5,58,609 units of two-wheelers in August, registering growth of 21 percent over the corresponding month of previous year.
"All recent launches by Hero, including new Karizma, ZMR Xtreme, Passion Pro TR and new Pleasure scooter, have received overwhelming response and the Splendor iSmart continues to drive volumes in the market," said the company in its filing.
Hero is confident of keeping up this growth momentum heading into the festive season, with as many as 10 new launches, including new models, upgrades and refreshes, during this period.
New bike Splendor Pro Classic will be available in dealerships across the country in the coming weeks, it said.
Meanwhile, another two-wheeler maker TVS Motor reported a 46 percent growth in August total sales at 2.27 lakh units year-on-year. Its 2-wheeler sales grew by 47 percent to 2.17 lakh units while exports rose by 28 percent to 35,074 units YoY and 3-wheeler sales jumped 39 percent to 9,820 units.
Pune-based Bajaj Auto 's total sales increased by 8 percent year-on-year (up 5.6 percent month-on-month) to 3.37 lakh units. S Ravikumar, president - business development & assurance, expects to see total sales of 4 lakh units in next few months.
"New Discover sales will grow to 25,000-30,000 units per month. We expect 3-wheeler sales of 55,000 units per month going forward," he said.
Analysts expect two-wheeler companies to maintain strong sales growth in coming months on the back of festivals like Ganapati, Dassera and Diwali.
"Domestic two-wheeler (2W) volumes have positively surprised in August-14 and have grown by an estimated 23 percent Y-o-Y to 1.39 million units. Year-to-date (YTD) industry growth at 15.5 percent Y-o-Y is running higher than our FY15 growth forecast of 12 percent," said the Deutsche Bank in its note.
For Hero, the brokerage raised FY15-17E earnings per share forecasts by 4 percent and target price by 10 percent to Rs 2150. For TVS, it increased FY15-17E EPS forecasts by 7-8 percent and target price by 12 percent to Rs 180.
DB maintains sell rating on Hero Motocorp and hold on Bajaj Auto and TVS Motor.
At 10:04 hours IST, Hero Motocorp rose 1.11 percent to Rs 2,790 and TVS Motor Company climbed 3.15 percent to Rs 199.50 on the BSE.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

K thnx bullbhai...will hold reliance comm for 3-4 months more and hope...Platinum Member
1301 Followers
Lkhurana, Plz wait for the debt reduction story to unfold + improvements in the business is coming albeit slowly.  Do not average..  Its been a pain for me as well..  But sometimes themes take time to unfold..  If u remember I gave a buy call @ idea also around 140 odd it is by 15% odd and still will fly towards 180 definitely in 2-3 months.  Be patient u will get ur price back and also some profits.
In reply to : lkhurana message
6.07 PM Sep 1st

Enjoy frnds.................... party has not begun till now.......Silver Member
3 Followers
Alphaji, I would like to buy Avance Technologies as well. Do you recommend this stock. I also have another problem , I cannot buy sub rupee stocks in HDFC Sec. Can you advice any alternatives.
In reply to : alpha15 message
9.51 PM Sep 2nd

"this will also bring some cooling into the southern plains and southe...New Member
1 Followers
"This will also bring some cooling into the southern Plains and southeast as highs drop out of the mid and upper 90s and into the upper 80s to lower 90s," Natgasweather.com reported in its Aug.28-Sept. 4 daily weather forecast.
11.27 AM Sep 2nd  | Track

Stoploss triggered with 3.95 rs profit today.Silver Member
4 Followers
boarders who can not stand the comments pls stay away. I always follow kri / ajay / nayantaara / kapps and really enjoy profit. My humble request to above boarders pls continue ur work and do not pay attention to cheap comments. Ignoring is the best solution !

BJP-RSS hartal: Stray violence in parts of KeralaBJP-RSS hartal: Stray violence in parts of Kerala
Vinson Kurian
Tweet
Thiruvananthapuram, Sept 2:  
Stray violence has been reported since this morning from parts of Kerala as a dawn-to-dusk hartal called by BJP and RSS took effect at 6 am.
The hartal is to protest yesterday’s killing of an RSS functionary at Kathiroor in Thalassery, which has a history of political violence involving BJP-RSS and the CPM.
Suspects held
The police have arrested eight persons suspected to have been involved in the daylight murder even as a prime suspect is still at large.
A heavy police presence is discernible in the violence-prone Kannur and Kozhikode districts following intelligence inputs suggesting that large-scale mobilisation of cadres may be triggered under the cover of the hartal.
Sangh parivar outfits have requested that even private vehicles keep off from the roads during the hartal.
Murder of RSS functionary
The report of the murder of the RSS functionary came even as BJP President Amit Shah was meeting party cadres in Thiruvananthapuram.
He expressed shock and deep concern, saying that the party would meet life threats to its functionaries ideologically and through legal recourse.
RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat had ended his week-long tour of the State just as the early reports of the murder reached here.
(This article was published on September 2, 2014)

Rupee trading weak at 60.61Rupee down 17 paise at 60.69
Our Bureau/PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 2:  
The rupee declined 17 paise on Tuesday to close at 60.69 against the dollar tracking weaker Asian currencies despite stronger flows into the domestic equity markets.
The Indian unit had ended flat at 60.52 on Monday.
Tuesday, it opened at 60.61 against the dollar at the Interbank Foreign Exchange market.
Capital flows into the equity markets helped the rupee gain to 60.53 intraday. The BSE-benchmark Sensex ended 152 points higher at 27,020 at day’s close. However, Asian currencies weakened against the dollar thereby pushing down the rupee sentiments.
Dealers said the rupee will continue to move with a downward bias in the short term even as the central bank will continue to intervene so as to avoid sharp volatility in the Indian currency.
During the day, the rupee moved in the 16 paise range to end at its day’s low of 60.69.
Call and G-Sec rates
The interbank call money rate, the rate at which banks borrow short term funds from one another, ended slightly weaker at 6.90 per cent from the previous close of 7.00 per cent on Monday.
The yield on 10-year benchmark 8.40 per cent government security, maturing in 2024, softened to 8.52 per cent from 8.54 per cent. The price of the security rose to Rs 99.20 from Monday’s close of Rs 99.00.
(This article was published on September 2, 2014)

Crude oil prices mixed due to weak PMICrude oil prices mixed due to weak PMI
PTI
Tweet
Singapore, Sept 2:  
Oil prices were mixed in Asia today following disappointing manufacturing data out of top energy consumer China as well as Europe and as dealers await fresh US economic figures, analysts said.
US benchmark West Texas Intermediate for October delivery eased 15 cents to $95.81, while Brent crude for October delivery rose one cent to $102.80 in mid-morning trade.
“Below-consensus manufacturing surveys in China and the euro zone did not help risk appetite,” French bank Credit Agricole said in a note.
China, Europe PMI
China had yesterday said its official purchasing managers’ index (PMI) of manufacturing activity slipped to 51.1 last month. That is down from 51.7 in July — a more than two-year high — and the first decline since February.
Anything above 50 indicates growth and anything below suggests contraction.
In Europe, Markit’s PMI of output in the 18-nation euro zone’s manufacturing sector fell to 50.7 in August from 51.8 in July.
Investors are awaiting the US Institute for Supply Management’s August PMI for the US manufacturing sector later today. Credit Agricole said the figure “likely edged down to 56.2”, from 57.1 in July. US markets were closed on Monday for the Labor Day public holiday.
Latest US construction spending data, another key indicator of the health of the world’s biggest economy, is also set for release today.
Simmering insurgencies in major crude producers Libya and Iraq, as well as in Ukraine, a key conduit for Russian gas exports to Europe, continue to provide support to oil prices, analysts said.
(This article was published on September 2, 2014)

Sensex up 96 points at 26 964 on sustained FII inflowsSensex breaches 27,000-mark. Pharma, cement, and telecom stocks steal the show
Mumbai, Sept 2:  
Sensex gained 152 points to register a new record high, while Nifty was up 55 points to 8,083.
The benchmark index opened on a positive note at 26888 against the previous close of 26868. It touched a high of 27083 and low of 26886 and closed 27019.
The turnover on BSE was up Rs 3,355 crore against Rs 2,941 crore on Monday.
The market rally was led by cement, telecom and pharma stocks with signs of overall improvement in economy. The fall in current account deficit and dip in the international crude oil prices signalled a positive trend.
Maruti Suzuki India lost 0.09 per cent to Rs 2,913 as the company during market hours said it will open bookings for the mid-sized premium sedan Ciaz from tomorrow. Ciaz will be available in petrol and diesel fuel options.
Coal India fell 0.47 per cent to 365 even as the company said during market hours that the coal production of the company and its subsidiary companies at 34.54 million tonnes in August was 98 per cent of the target.
Current Account Deficit narrowed sharply to $7.8 billion or 1.7 per cent of GDP in June quarter from $21.8 billion or 4.8 per cent of GDP in the same period last year. The lower CAD was primarily on account of a contraction in the trade deficit contributed by a rise in exports and a decline in imports.
The major gainers were Coromandel International (10%), Cipla (5%), Suzlon (5%), Petronet (5%), Bharati Airtel (4%), Grasim (4%), IRB (4%), Jain Irrigation (4%), Century Textile (4%), Titan (4%) and Apollo Tyre (4%).
Prominent losers were Bhushan Steel (-5%), Jindal Steel (-3%), Indian Hotel (-2%) and REC Ltd (-2%).
(This article was published on September 2, 2014)

Forbes  Fabulous 50 : TCS  HCL Tech  HDFC Bank  nine other Indian companies in Asia-Pacific listDGCA cracks down on Jet Airways, threatens to cancel licences of nearly 140 pilots
Last month, one of Jet Airways' planes plunged several thousand feet while flying over Turkey.

Black money won t come back  if it does  would fuel inflationDGCA cracks down on Jet Airways, threatens to cancel licences of nearly 140 pilots
Last month, one of Jet Airways' planes plunged several thousand feet while flying over Turkey.

Telangana to add 230-cr plants  boost tree cover by 8 per centDGCA cracks down on Jet Airways, threatens to cancel licences of nearly 140 pilots
Last month, one of Jet Airways' planes plunged several thousand feet while flying over Turkey.

TVS Motor touches new high on robust August salesSI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 02, 2014
Last Updated at 10:56 AM IST
TVS Motor touches new high on robust August sales
Total two wheeler sales increased by 47% yoy to 217,662 units in August 2014.
TVS Motor Company is trading higher by 3% at Rs 200 on National Stock Exchange after reporting a robust 46% year-on-year (yoy) growth in total sales in the month of August 2014 to 227,482 units. The company had sold 155,532 units in the same month last year.
Total two wheeler sales increased by 47% from 148,469 units recorded in August 2013 to 217,662 units in August 2014, TVS Motor said in a statement.
Scooter sales rose by 84% to 67,240 units in August 2014 from 36,478 units in August 2013. Motorcycle sales grew by 36% to 83,332 units in August 2014 from 61,313 units in the month of August 2013, it added.
The stock opened at Rs 197 and touched a new high of Rs 202 on NSE. A combined 2.3 million shares changed hands on the counter so far on NSE and BSE.
 

Why a doctor cannot prescribe what my mother canSushmi Dey |  New Delhi Sep 02, 2014
Last Updated at 10:42 AM IST
Why a doctor cannot prescribe what my mother can
During my growing years, whenever I suffered from cough, cold or routine digestive disorders, my mother would readily provide me with home remedies comprising of ginger, Himalayan black salt, black cumin and ajwain. Generations have passed these time-tested recipes to younger generations.
During my growing years, whenever I suffered from cough, cold or routine digestive disorders, my mother would readily provide me with home remedies comprising of ginger, Himalayan black salt, black cumin and ajwain. Generations have passed these time-tested recipes to younger generations.
My great grandmother shared these secrets with my grandmother and she then tutored my mother. While many of these recipes have disappeared with time, fortunately most of them have found credibility with several companies transforming them and developing clinically proven pharmaceutical products based on such herbs.
 
But the latest diktat by Delhi Medical Council (DMC) prohibiting allopathic doctors from prescribing ayurvedic medicines came as a shock. DMC’s order warns allopathic doctors from prescribing anything else other than allopathic medicines saying cross-pathy may lead to criminal charges against them.
 
So, by this rationale, allopathic doctors may face criminal charges even on prescribing exercise, walking or jogging.
 
Interestingly, all ayurvedic medicines in India are licensed products and are sold over-the-counter (OTC). This precisely means one does not require a prescription to buy products like Liv52, Honitus, Pudin Hara, Gripe Water etc. One of the main reasons for making ayurvedic medicines available over-the-counter is also because they do not have any side-effects.
 
However, DMC’s order overrules this idea. Instead, it prohibits a learned doctor from prescribing something which anyone can just walk in and buy from a retailer.
 
The move not only fails to gather rationale but also signals a mis-match with the Central government’s priorities. While the BJP-led NDA government is attempting to promote ‘desi’ products in domestic as well as overseas markets , DMC’s order may act as a major deterrent for doctors, consumers as well as companies like Dabur, Himalaya, Charak, Baidyanath and others investing in ayurveda.
 
The sacred knowledge of plant extracts used in treatment of various ailments has been with Indians for very long. And now the West too has started showing keen interest in these medicines that come without any side effects. 
 
While India is sitting on a rich variety of herbs and medicinal plants, countries like China have excelled in promoting the science of alternative medicines.
 
It is time for DMC to relook and try to create a positive and forward looking policy in sync with the government’s strategy.
 

DNA of non-violence engrained in our society  says PMNarendra Modi says DNA of non-violence engrained in Indian society
Ajay Kaul     Tokyo   Last Updated: September 2, 2014  | 12:42 IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi gestures as he gives a speech in front of students at the University of the Sacred Heart in Tokyo
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tueday sought to address concerns of international community over India not signing the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT) by saying that the country's commitment to peace and non-violence is engrained in the DNA of Indian society which is above any international treaty or processes.
India is a land of Lord Buddha. Buddha lived for peace and suffered for peace and that message is prevalent in India, Modi said at Sacred Heart University in Tokyo while replying to a question by a student.
During an interaction, he was asked how India would enhance trust of the international community without changing its stand on NPT, which it has refused to sign despite possessing nuclear weapons.
Modi used the land of Japan, which is the only country to have been the victim of an atom bomb attack, to send out the message on this issue amid moves to have a civil nuclear deal with Tokyo.
India refuses to sign the NPT because it considers it as flawed. Asserting that India's commitment to non-violence is total, Modi said it is engrained in the DNA of Indian society and this is above any international treaty, apparently referring to Indias refusal to sign the NPT.
In international affairs, there are some processes. But above them is the commitment of the society, he said, underlining the need for rising above the treaties. To buttress his point, the Prime Minister cited how India undertook the freedom struggle under the leadership of Mahatma Gandhi with the entire society being committed to non-violence, surprising the whole world.
He went on to add that India, for thousands of years, has had the belief in 'vasudhaiva kutumbakam' (the whole world is one family). When we consider the whole world as one family, how can we even think about doing anything that would harm or hurt anyone?
The question was asked in the context of India recently ratifying the Additional Protocol on Safeguards Agreement signed with International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), that will allow inspectors of the atomic watchdog easy access to India's civil nuclear facilities.
During the interactive session, the Prime Minister was asked by another student about how peace could be pursued in Asia despite China's expansionist designs. You seemed to be troubled a lot by China, he quipped while addressing the student amid his observation that they were asking questions like journalists. Speaking further, he carefully avoided any direct answer to the question and merely said, India is a democratic country.
Similarly, Japan is also a democratic country. If India and Japan together think about peace and positive things, we can make the world realise the strength of a democracy. We should focus on progress and development instead of paying attention to others. If we pay attention to our situation, our condition will be better.
He then narrated an imaginary story. Imagine, there is darkness in a room. Someone goes inside with a broom to remove the darkness but he will fail. Another person goes inside with a sword to remove darkness. He will also fail. Another person goes with blanket to remove darkness, but he will also fail. Then a wise man goes with a small lamp, the darkness will be chased away. A lamp peace, prosperity and democracy will never be scared of darkness.
Modi, who virtually turned into a professor at the university, also gave a lesson to the Japanese students on Indian ethos in terms of respecting the nature when asked how a rapidly-growing India would preserve ecology while pursuing sources of energy.
India is such a country where people love and communicate with nature, he said. In this context, he said earth is respected as mother, moon is treated as 'mama' (uncle), sun and Himalayas as grandfather, rivers as mother while trees are worshipped like God.
Let me tell you my own story. I come from a poor family. My uncle once started wood business but my illiterate mother told him that it is a sin to cut trees and the family would rather prefer to starve, Modi said. He said if such is the treatment given to nature, then Indians can't harm the climate.
Referring to the terminology of Climate Change, Modi questioned whether it is correct. Is it climate change or habit change. Our habits have changed and we are fighting the nature. We should rather have communication with nature. He then suggested the students to read his book 'Convenient Action' on climate.
Earlier, he told the assembly of all girls about the status of women in India, saying they are worshipped as goddesses in various forms. India is the only country which has gods in the shape of female, he said.
Coining his sentence in the context of a Cabinet, he said education is linked to Goddess Saraswati, finance to Goddess Laxmi, Security and Home Affairs to Goddess Mahakali and Food Security to Devi Annapurna.
He also pointed out that women have 33 per cent reservation in local bodies in India. He talked about his personal attachment to the girls education.
In this context, he stated that while leaving Gujarat when he became the Prime Minister, he had auctioned all the gifts he had got during his 14-year tenure as Chief Minister. Rs 78 crore were collected and it was deposited in the government treasury for use for girls education.
At the university, Modi posed for a 'selfie' with a small group of Indians who were excited on seeing him.
(PTI)

Cipla shares jump after key generic launchCipla shares surge after key generic launch
Abhishek Vishnoi     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 2, 2014  | 11:36 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Shares of drug-maker Cipla on Tuesday rose as much as 8.7 per cent to a record high of Rs 575 after the company launched an anti-asthma inhaler in Germany and Sweden.
The inhaler is a generic version of GlaxoSmithKline Plc's Advair.
Emkay Global upgraded the stock to "buy" from "accumulate" with a target of Rs 671.
Overall addressable opportunity of generic Advair is $800 million in Europe, Emkay said.
Cipla shares  were trading up 6.6 per cent to Rs 564.65 on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) as of 11:10 am.
(Reuters)

Fukushima workers to sue TEPCO for dangerpayPrint
Agence-France Presse | Tokyo |     September 2, 2014 11:43 am
Workers employed in decommissioning the crippled Fukushima nuclear power plant are to sue operator Tokyo Electric Power and some subcontractors, demanding millions of yen in unpaid danger money, their lawyer said on Tuesday.
The four men, of whom two are still working at the Fukushima Daiichi plant, will demand the companies pay a total of 65 million yen ($620,000), mostly in hazard allowances.
The workers, whose ages range from those in their 30s to their 60s, say they have not been properly compensated for the risks their work entails, including removing contaminated debris and patrolling at the plant.
The suit will be filed with the Iwaki branch of the Fukushima District Court on Wednesday, according to lawyer Tsuguo Hirota.
It is the first time that workers still employed at the plant have launched legal action against TEPCO over remuneration and working conditions, despite widespread reports of exploitation and abuses.
“My health may be harmed some day… I believe there are many people who can’t speak out about this kind of (underpaying) problem,” one of the workers told public broadcaster NHK.
“I may get fired or may be given no further work. But I hope people will take this as an opportunity to speak up and get paid,” he said.
A massive tsunami triggered by a 9.0-magnitude earthquake in March 2011 smashed into the plant on Japan’s northeastern coast, sending reactors into meltdown and contaminating a wide area.
TEPCO, one of the world’s largest utilities, has routinely used several layers of contractors and subcontractors in the clean-up and decommissioning work at Fukushima.
Of the 6,000 people working at the plant every day over the last two months, only a handful were directly employed by TEPCO.
Allegations continue to swirl that organised crime has had a hand in staffing subcontractors at the bottom of the food chain.
The sometimes murky arrangements mean that despite pledges by TEPCO of extra cash for employees, it is often difficult to tell if the money filters through to the people at the sharp end, or is skimmed off at one of the many intermediary levels.
TEPCO had no immediate comment on the case, but said it would wait to hear what the plaintiffs said in court.

Pleasant morning inDelhiPrint
PTI | New Delhi |     September 2, 2014 11:28 am
Delhiites, on Tuesday, woke up to a pleasant morning with the weatherman predicting light rains in some parts of the national capital. According to MeT department, the minimum temperature was recorded at 26.3 degrees Celsius on Tuesday while the maximum is expected to settle at around 34 degrees Celsius.
An official of the department said that humidity and rainfall were recorded at 78 per cent and 0.4 mm till 8.30 AM on Tuesday. “Light rains or thunder showers may occur in some areas of the national capital later in the day,” said an official. On Monday, the maximum temperature had settled at 35.3 degrees Celsius, which was a notch above normal and minimum was recorded at 24.6 degrees, two notches below normal.

New ray of hope for death row convicts  SC allows fresh plea for open courthearingA plea against death sentence will now be heard by a three-judge bench in open court.
Written by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi |     September 2, 2014 11:46 am
Giving a fresh ray of hope for several death-row convicts, including 1993 Mumbai serial blasts case convict Yakub Abdul Razak Memon , the Supreme Court on Tuesday ruled that their review petitions against the verdict upholding the death sentence will now be heard by a three-judge bench in open court.
A Constitution bench headed by Chief Justice R M Lodha said that all the death row convicts, whose review petitions have already been rejected but their sentence has not been executed, may file fresh petitions for an open court hearing of their review pleas within a month and they will be heard for at least half-an-hour.
However, in the cases, where the curative petition has already been decided, the death row convict will not have this opportunity to avail the same.
The constitution bench verdict came on a batch of petitions seeking that their plea for the recall of verdict upholding their death sentence should be heard in the open court by a three judges bench.
As of now the review plea of death row convicts were being considered by the judges in their chambers through circulation.
By its order, the court decided a batch of petitions, filed by eight death-row convicts, including Yakub Abdul Razak Memon, convicted in the 1993 Mumbai serial blasts case, and Red Fort Attack case convict Mohd Arif. While Arif’s curative petition has already been rejected, Memon has not exhausted this remedy.
The court had in June stayed the execution of Memon, who is the brother of Ibrahim Memon, better known as Tiger Memon, the alleged mastermind and the prime accused who is absconding in the blast case.
President Pranab Mukherjee had in April rejected the mercy petition of Memon and the decision was left to the Maharashtra government for fixing the execution date.
Memon is lodged in the high-security ward of Nagpur jail. In March last year, the SC had confirmed the death sentence awarded to Memon, holding him guilty of being the “driving spirit” behind the blasts that killed 257 people, while commuting the death sentence awarded to 10 others to life imprisonment till their death. The court had said that Memon’s “commanding position and the crime of utmost gravity” warranted capital punishment. Memon then moved a clemency petition before the President in October last year.
A chartered accountant by profession, Memon was arrested in 1994. Gangster Dawood Ibrahim is also an accused in the case. The government had recommended rejection of Memon’s mercy petition on the ground that it was an act of terrorism and did not qualify for pardon.
While staying his execution, the court had tagged his plea with a petition by Lashkar-e-Toiba terrorist Mohd Arif alias Ashfaq, who was convicted in the 2000 Red Fort attack case, in which three people, including two Army personnel, continued…

Want to ruin your selfie Try thisappIndo-Asian News Service | Moscow |     September 2, 2014 11:28 am
Developed by Vladimir Shreyder, the creator of the famous Glitche app, the app includes a face recognition algorithm.
Russian developers have created a new anti-selfie mobile app that tracks your face in real time and applies filters that twist your face in funny ways.
In less than two weeks of its launch, the app called SLMMSK has been used in more than 6,000 Instagram photos and has made it into the top-100 free apps on the Russian App Store.
Developed by Vladimir Shreyder, the creator of the famous Glitche app, the app includes a face recognition algorithm.
It has 10 facial filters – from a semi-transparent puzzle to extended emoji icons.
The new application is a response to the selfie culture that has invaded internet space over the last few years, media reports said.
Developers hope to release a full version of the app this month.

Police begin probe as charges against karate player fallflatPrint
Written by Gagandeep Singh Dhillon | Mohali |     September 2, 2014 11:25 am
The role of few Mohali Police officers have come under the scanner after a national-level karate player who was arrested for possessing heroin in May alleged that he was brought to Mohali by a con-woman who promised him a job in sports quota after which the police arrested him.
Following his mother’s complaint to the Punjab DGP, an inquiry was marked to the Mohali Police during which the statement of the player and Panchayat members from his village was recorded on Monday. In fact, in July, Rajeev Kumar, the SHO of the police station where he was booked was transferred after it came to light that another accused in a heroin-related case, who was shown as arrested from Mohali, was actually nabbed from Amritsar.
Balbir Singh, a resident of Bhurjian Wala village in Tarn Taran, who was a national-level Karate player and has represented the country in international tournaments, never knew that his search for a job would get him arrested in a drug-related case during the special drive against drugs launched by the Punjab Police.
In the complaint to the DGP, Balbir’s mother said that he was unemployed and had applied for the job of a police constable under the sports quota earlier but was told that there was no vacancy. Then he came in contact with a woman from his wife’s village, who promised him a job if he paid her Rs 1.5 lakh.
“Balbir paid her the money, however, he fell ill and was admitted to a hospital. After which the con-woman and a Mohali resident brought him to Phase 3. We saw in newspaper the next day that he had been booked for possessing 150 gm heroin,” said Balbir’s mother Lakhmir Kaur.
Kaur added that after he arrived in Mohali, he was taken by some policemen in civilian clothes to Amritsar, and then brought back to CIA staff police station in Kharar.
Balbir said, “I was shocked when i got to know that they had booked me for possessing drugs. They tortured and forced me into signing a disclosure statement.” He was released on bail a few days ago after the police failed to present the challan against him within 90 days.
On Monday, the statement of Balbir, his family members, and Panchayat members from his village was recorded by the police. The inquiry is being conducted by current SHO of the Phase 1 police station Pawan Kumar.
S-I Rajeev Kumar, who was the SHO when Balbir was arrested, could not be reached for comment.

Murder of RSS activist: Hartal hits life inKeralaDeserted East Fort Bus Stand, during hartal called by Sangh Parivar in Kerala. (Express photo by Shaju Philip)
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram |     September 2, 2014 4:41 pm
The hartal called by Sangh Parivar in Kerala in protest against the murder of an RSS district functionary in Kannur paralysed normal life across the state on Tuesday.
Protesters disrupted vehicular traffic in many places, and forced offices and shops to close down. Unidentified persons hurled bombs at shops in two places in Kannur district, where police are keeping tight vigil in the wake of the murder.
RSS Kannur district leader E Manoj was hacked to death on Monday morning at Kathiroor near Thalassery. Another RSS worker had sustained injury in the attack.
Stranded Passengers at Thiruvananthapuram Central Railway Station during the hartal called by RSS in Kerala. (Express Photo by Shaju Philip)
BJP senior leader P K Krishnadas alleged that CPI (M) was behind the murder. The party was worried over the flow of its workers to the BJP. The brutal murder was committed with the connivance of the CPI (M) national leadership. the murder was a bid to shatter the peaceful situation prevailing in the district.
BJP also found fault with the police investigation, saying the investigating officer was a pro-CPI (M) man.

Trying situation for Vijay Mallya king of goodtimesMallya is the chairman of liquor company United Spirits (USL) and brewer United Breweries (UBL). (Reuters)
Bangalore |     September 2, 2014 11:24 am
It is an unhappy situation for the ‘King of Good Times’: The wilful defaulter label slapped on Vijay Mallya on Monday comes even as the UB Group chairman is set to chair the annual shareholder meetings of two of his companies this week. The move will potentially put more pressure on Mallya, in addition to the web of litigation that has crippled his group’s parent company in the past year.
United Bank of India’s move might threaten Mallya’s position on the board of the group companies as it might impact their ability to raise funds from banks. The step is probably the first such instance since the RBI’s circular on wilful default a year ago, said Shriram Subramanian, founder and MD of InGovern Research Services, an independent proxy advisory and corporate governance research firm. “It’s a question of how much pressure banks want to apply. All along, the banks have been very mild,” he told FE.
Mallya is the chairman of liquor company United Spirits (USL) and brewer United Breweries (UBL), though he isn’t a majority shareholder in either. While British drinks firm Diageo controls 54.78% of USL, Dutch brewer Heineken has marginally increased its stake in UBL by buying Mallya’s pledged shares sold by lenders. Diageo refused to comment when asked if it perceived any negative impact to the operations of USL with Vijay Mallya being declared a wilful defaulter.
Meanwhile, A K Ravi Nedungadi and Subash Gupte — who were also named as wilful defaulters along with Mallya — are seeking re-appointment as directors in the annual general meetings of UBL and Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilisers (MCF) slated for Thursday.
Kingfisher Airline’s troubles had seen Mallya appear before a magistrate court in Bangalore in July seeking bail in three criminal cases filed by the income-tax department on the carrier’s alleged failure to remit tax deducted at source (TDS). While Mallya’s primary investment arm, United Breweries Holdings (UBHL) has seen its stake in group companies dwindling with lenders selling pledged shares, the company faces a virtual freeze on its assets because of the nine winding-up petitions it is contesting in the Karnataka High Court. With an embargo in place, the company has not been able to sell the luxury apartments it is building in Bangalore and also lease out its commercial office space.
FE Bureau

Murder of RSS activist: Hartal hits life in KeralaDeserted East Fort Bus Stand, during hartal called by Sangh Parivar in Kerala. (Express photo by Shaju Philip)
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram |     September 2, 2014 4:41 pm
The hartal called by Sangh Parivar in Kerala in protest against the murder of an RSS district functionary in Kannur paralysed normal life across the state on Tuesday.
Protesters disrupted vehicular traffic in many places, and forced offices and shops to close down. Unidentified persons hurled bombs at shops in two places in Kannur district, where police are keeping tight vigil in the wake of the murder.
RSS Kannur district leader E Manoj was hacked to death on Monday morning at Kathiroor near Thalassery. Another RSS worker had sustained injury in the attack.
Stranded Passengers at Thiruvananthapuram Central Railway Station during the hartal called by RSS in Kerala. (Express Photo by Shaju Philip)
BJP senior leader P K Krishnadas alleged that CPI (M) was behind the murder. The party was worried over the flow of its workers to the BJP. The brutal murder was committed with the connivance of the CPI (M) national leadership. the murder was a bid to shatter the peaceful situation prevailing in the district.
BJP also found fault with the police investigation, saying the investigating officer was a pro-CPI (M) man.

8 killed  24 missing after rainstorms  landslides hit ChinaPrint
PTI | Beijing |     September 2, 2014 11:15 am
Eight people were killed and 24 others went missing after rainstorms and landslides hit China’s southwestern Chongqing Municipality. More than 500 professional rescuers, including fire-fighters and armed police, have evacuated over 7,000 residents in nine rain-drenched townships in Yunyang County to safe locations, state-run Xinhua news agency reported.
The missing include 11 coal miners in Yunyang who were buried by a landslide on Monday. Torrential rain started to pound Yunyang, Wuxi, Fengjie and Wushan in northeastern Chongqing on Sunday, cutting off traffic, power and communication in parts of the counties. Rescuers are working to resume traffic that has been disrupted by downpours on three major roads and a highway to the county seat of Wuxi.
The rainstorms have affected more than 250,000 residents in 32 townships in Wuxi. The county’s water authorities said many streets in the county seat have been inundated by flood water as deep as 50 cm. The National Meteorological Center forecast heavy rain in Chongqing and neighboring Sichuan Province on Tuesday.

Fukushima workers to sue TEPCO for danger payPrint
Agence-France Presse | Tokyo |     September 2, 2014 11:43 am
Workers employed in decommissioning the crippled Fukushima nuclear power plant are to sue operator Tokyo Electric Power and some subcontractors, demanding millions of yen in unpaid danger money, their lawyer said on Tuesday.
The four men, of whom two are still working at the Fukushima Daiichi plant, will demand the companies pay a total of 65 million yen ($620,000), mostly in hazard allowances.
The workers, whose ages range from those in their 30s to their 60s, say they have not been properly compensated for the risks their work entails, including removing contaminated debris and patrolling at the plant.
The suit will be filed with the Iwaki branch of the Fukushima District Court on Wednesday, according to lawyer Tsuguo Hirota.
It is the first time that workers still employed at the plant have launched legal action against TEPCO over remuneration and working conditions, despite widespread reports of exploitation and abuses.
“My health may be harmed some day… I believe there are many people who can’t speak out about this kind of (underpaying) problem,” one of the workers told public broadcaster NHK.
“I may get fired or may be given no further work. But I hope people will take this as an opportunity to speak up and get paid,” he said.
A massive tsunami triggered by a 9.0-magnitude earthquake in March 2011 smashed into the plant on Japan’s northeastern coast, sending reactors into meltdown and contaminating a wide area.
TEPCO, one of the world’s largest utilities, has routinely used several layers of contractors and subcontractors in the clean-up and decommissioning work at Fukushima.
Of the 6,000 people working at the plant every day over the last two months, only a handful were directly employed by TEPCO.
Allegations continue to swirl that organised crime has had a hand in staffing subcontractors at the bottom of the food chain.
The sometimes murky arrangements mean that despite pledges by TEPCO of extra cash for employees, it is often difficult to tell if the money filters through to the people at the sharp end, or is skimmed off at one of the many intermediary levels.
TEPCO had no immediate comment on the case, but said it would wait to hear what the plaintiffs said in court.

Want to ruin your selfie Try this appIndo-Asian News Service | Moscow |     September 2, 2014 11:28 am
Developed by Vladimir Shreyder, the creator of the famous Glitche app, the app includes a face recognition algorithm.
Russian developers have created a new anti-selfie mobile app that tracks your face in real time and applies filters that twist your face in funny ways.
In less than two weeks of its launch, the app called SLMMSK has been used in more than 6,000 Instagram photos and has made it into the top-100 free apps on the Russian App Store.
Developed by Vladimir Shreyder, the creator of the famous Glitche app, the app includes a face recognition algorithm.
It has 10 facial filters – from a semi-transparent puzzle to extended emoji icons.
The new application is a response to the selfie culture that has invaded internet space over the last few years, media reports said.
Developers hope to release a full version of the app this month.

12 Indian firms in Forbes  50 best cos in As...Axis Bank
(Forbes said TCS, India's…)
NEW YORK: Tata Consultancy Services (TCS), HCL Technologies and HDFC Bank are among the 50 best public companies in Asia-Pacific according to a compilation by Forbes, which ranked India second behind China as home to the "world's next growth engines".
The Forbes 2014 'honour roll of the Fabulous 50' lists best of Asia-Pacific's biggest publicly traded companies.
China has 16 companies on the list, more than any other country, a distinction it has enjoyed for the last three years. However, the number of Chinese companies on the list has gone down from 20 last year on the back of slow economic growth in the country.
India trails China with 12 companies on the list, the same number as last year.
The Indian companies on the list are Asian Paints, Axis Bank , HCL Technologies, HDFC Bank, Lupin, Mahindra and Mahindra , Mothersome Sumi Systems, Sun Pharma, TCS, Tata Motors, Tech Mahindra and Titan.
HDFC Bank, India's second-largest private sector bank, has made the list eight times, more than any other company since Forbes started the compilation in 2005.
TCS makes it to the list for the seventh time while Tech Mahindra, the country's fifth-largest IT player, debuts on the list after net profits soared 112 per cent to touch $500 million. Indian conglomerate ITC failed to make it to the list this year.
Forbes said TCS, India's largest IT company, boasts a market cap of $71.25 billion, bigger than the country's next 3 IT outfits combined.
"Long dependent on the US market, (TCS) may soon generate more than half its revenue outside the US," the publication said.
South Korea has six companies on the list, followed by Hong Kong with three and two each from Japan, Australia, Malaysia, Singapore and Thailand.
Technology companies dominated the list with nine representatives.
The consumer durables industry has the second most members with seven companies, including four motor vehicle giants from China and India, as the rise of Asia's middle class continues to drive demand.
Three oil and gas companies make it into the rank, up from only one firm from last year.
The list is chosen from a pool of 1,300 companies in the region that have at least $three billion in market cap or annual revenue.
Forbes took into account performance measures and outlook and did not include companies that carried a lot of debt or were more than 50 per cent state-owned.
FEATURED ARTICLES

How to make your credit card your savings cardHow to make your credit card your savings card
Sep 2, 2014, 10.54AM IST
Tags:
(Credit cards now offer fantastic…)
By Rahul Soota
A recent report by CII-Boston Consulting Group states that the overall consumer spending in India is likely to grow nearly four times, from $977 billion (approx. Rs 59.2 lakh crore) in 2012 to a staggering $3.6 trillion (approx. Rs 217 lakh crore) by 2020.
Shifting from a saving mindset, which we Indians have traditionally had, to a spending one requires some unlearning and relearning so we get smart about the way we spend and thereby optimize the value we get out of the spend. That's exactly what credit cards can help you do in addition to the many practical and convenience-related advantages.
All of us spend regularly on things like fuel, travel, dining, consumer durables, jewellery, fashion and groceries. For all this and more, credit cards offer not just convenience of payment, but also genuine deals and saving opportunities.
In their attempt to capture a larger share of these payments, card companies have been stitching together deals for consumers which would help catch their attention and also their swipes. Given that these companies now have millions of customers, the promise of channeling crores of rupees of spending in to a certain retail chain, fuel provider, airline, hotel chain or restaurant helps bring never before deals to the table for consumers. The trick lies in being aware of such offers, selectively availing of those as the family goes about its normal way of life and of course carrying a few plastics which best meet your needs.
Other related advantages such as expense tracking, consumer protection insurance benefits and extended warranties, all while improving your credit history are also part of the bargain, making credit cards a must have for you.
Every major bank, nationalised or global, has on offer multiple credit cards to choose from. Here are a few tips on major spending categories and the kinds of offers currently available in the market to help you make your pick:
Fuel: Estimates reveal that as much as 6.5% of all credit card spending is done at petrol pumps. This is actually a tricky category. Most credit cards 'charge' customers a 2.5% fee for the convenience of buying fuel on their credit card. However, for the smart consumer there are specific cards which waive these fees and some which actually reward customers for their fuel purchase from a specific fuel retailer such as Indian Oil and HPCL.
The Indian Oil Citibank Platinum Credit Card for instance offers reward points which translate to a 2.67% discount on fuel purchased at IOC outlets. Similarly, ICICI Bank HPCL Credit Card customers get the benefit of cash back of 2.5% on monthly fuel purchases at HPCL petrol pumps up to Rs. 4000. Standard Chartered which does not have a co-branded fuel partner has gone a step further. Their Super Value Titanium Credit Card offers cash back of 2.5% on monthly fuel purchases up to Rs. 20000, made at IOC, BPCL, HPCL or Reliance petrol pumps. Given the furore that every price hike of fuel manages to create in Parliament, it might be said that credit card companies deserve an extraordinary pat on their backs for making such a saving possible for you.
Travel: Airline bookings, railway tickets and hotel stay now account for almost 18% of all credit card spends. As such, travel discounts hold great lure for consumers which is why several banks have cards in partnerships with leading airlines and even with travel booking websites that give customers fantastic savings, reward points along with great services such as lounge access globally, cash back offers and much more. Take for instance the American Express Platinum Travel Credit Card which comes with a welcome gift redeemable for IndiGo vouchers worth Rs 4000. Additionally, if you are a high-flyer and spend Rs 1.9 lakh in a year, you get IndiGo vouchers worth nearly 4% of the total spend and the rewards keep increasing as your spend does.
Similarly, the Jet Privilege HDFC Bank World Credit Card comes with a welcome benefit of up to 10,000 bonus JPMiles. Redemption of these miles roughly translates to a one way Delhi - Mumbai (base fare waived) Jet Airways ticket. With this card, you earn JPMiles on all spending and accelerated JPMiles on every flight booked on www.jetairways.com or www.jetkonnect.com, which gives you savings in the range of 4% - 10%. The additional perks include Priority Pass membership, which would have cost you nearly Rs 6000, that allows you preferential access to more than 600 airport lounges around the world, no matter which airline or class you fly. While this card does come with an annual fee of Rs. 2500, the benefits for frequent flyers would far outweigh the fee.
Shopping: Admit it! Most of us are indulgent shoppers if not downright shopaholics. Be it clothes, shoes, mobile phones, home decor, bags, watches or just groceries, we love to shop. While you are spending, just remember that you can save lots by swiping the right credit card.

Tariff war makes stay at branded hotels cheaperYou are here: Home > Collections
Tariff war makes stay at branded hotels cheaper
Varuni Khosla, ET Bureau Sep 2, 2014, 01.49AM IST
Tags:
branded hotels
(Tariffs across all categories…)
NEW DELHI: Blame it on rate wars and poor international tourist arrivals, but staying in a branded hotel in India just got cheaper.
Indeed, tariffs across all categories of star hotels have come down this year, according to a new report. An average night at a five-star deluxe hotel costs Rs 8,774 this year (-2.3% lower than in 2012-2013).
While a five-star hotel costs Rs 5,635 (-4.2%), the four-star segment costs Rs 4,417 per night (-5.8%), and the three-star category would set you back by Rs 3,119 per night (-4.1%).
According to hotel consultancy HVS' Hotels in India Trends and Opportunities , despite the slight uptick in the economic scenario, the hospitality sector continues to see sub-60% hotel room occupancies.
India, which now has over 1 lakh branded hotel rooms today, is stuck at 58.9% occupancy for the year 2013-14 and rate wars between top hotel brands are pushing prices down for customers.
Industry wide, average room rates have slipped to Rs 5,531 per night. The performance of existing hotels, the report adds, is expected to grow by under 10% in 2014, about 12% in 2015, and approximately 11% in 2016.
In addition to this, cities such as Kolkata will see a huge increase in supply of hotel rooms in the coming years (115%), and Noida will grow at over 215% from its current rate.
India received 6.9 million tourists this year, but over 80% of the country's tourism revenue came from domestic travel. The country also saw an equivalent increase in supply of hotel rooms at 17.8% in the past five years, while demand registered a growth of 17.6% in the same period.
"It is evident that hotels have dropped rates in a bid to gain business over the last two-three years and 'rate wars' have led to some surprising decisions being made by respectable and globally recognised brands," say the report's authors.
The two-star segment of hotels grew at 7.7%. According to the report, in 2013-14, there was only a marginal improvement in occupancies of hotel rooms, from 59.3% in 2011-12 to 57.8% in 2012-13, and have closed at 58.9% in 2013-14.
On the other hand, average room rates or ARRs (the number of rooms sold throughout the year to determine the average price of a room) have slipped to as low as Rs 5,531 per night this year.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Capsule concept helps hotels sell their inventoryCapsule concept helps hotels sell their inventory twice in a day while customers enjoy discounts
Varuni Khosla, ET Bureau Sep 2, 2014, 04.30AM IST
Tags:
Capsule concept
(Business travellers never…)
NEW DELHI: Business travellers never had it so good with top hotels offering hard-to-resist schemes. They have always offered lazy brunches and late check-outs, but now, there are even check-in facilities for a few hours for travellers.
Capsule stay, or day concept, is fast catching up in India. The capsule concept is a win-win for all: hotels can substantially increase their revenue by selling their inventory twice over in a day, while customers can enjoy discounts of up to 50% on short stays.
In the winter months, in cities like Delhi, which are affected by fog, hotels are able to sell a room twice within the same day to those catching late-night flights, and during the summer months, to those who have scattered meetings.
Faced with a slow market and a rising inventory, five-star and budget hotels have started offering these transit rooms for 2-8 hours. Brands such as JW Marriott, Carlson-owned Radisson Hotels, Hilton, The Lalit and the Westin are offering dayuse packages, while business hotel chains like Ginger, Pride and The Lemon Tree and Keys, too have this facility on offer.
Typically, the services are being used by celebrities, business travellers and lawyers who have a few hours to change before their nextround of meetings, or the next flight.
Hotels are eager to cater to this category of customers who pass through a city for under a day. Hilton Hotels, that operates 13 properties in India, says it gives discounts between 35% and 50% on dayuse rates.
This facility is very popular at Hilton Mumbai International Airport and their hotels in Delhi and Trivandrum. Daniel Welk, VP, operations —India, Hilton Worldwide, says customers are given the option to rent out the room for a few hours while transiting and can use the gym facilities as well.
Budget chain Ginger Hotels, run by a subsidiary of The Indian Hotels Company, which also operates the Taj Hotels, has recently introduced the initiative, and it says the scheme is attracting 10% occupancy.
It's a strategy for mature markets like Delhi and Mumbai. "We're communicating to our customers that they can save money booking transit rooms rather than spending on an overnight stay. We've had to re-engineer our computer programmes which used to only take bookings for 24 hours to make them applicable for stay between 9 am and 6 pm," says PK Mohankumar, managing director and chief executive officer, Roots Corporation.
The rooms range between Rs 1,599-2,999, depending on the location. Indian budget hotel chain The Lemon Tree, for instance, says the offer is working particularly well for its Chennai property where a lot of travellers come to visit the American Visa office and want to exit the city by night.
"We offer a minimum of four hours stay with slots of additional hours and a maximum of 8 hours, after which it becomes a full-day rate," says Maahesh Iyer, chief operating officer, Lemon Tree Premier.
The Lalit Hotels in Mumbai and Delhi, for instance, have a 'day use' check-box facility on the hotel website.
The facility lets residents use the room facilities for four hours and they can pay an additional 10% of the room rates for any additional hour spent. "We charge 10-15% less than the best available rates and the average duration of stay is 4-5 hours per trip. A lot of celebrities tend to use this package in addition to business travellers. We also get day use room bookings from guests booking our venues for banquet fufunctions," says Vivek Shukla, general manager, The Lalit New Delhi.
Hospitality consultants say these are trying times for hotel companies as they have thousands of extra rooms to sell and want to push these rooms by any means.
"Hotels are trying hard to sell their inventory. This concept has always been prevalent in the West, especially in Europe, and with the development of the DIAL airport hotel district in Delhi and Whitefield in Bangalore, it makes sense to offer this service," says Achin Khanna, MD - consulting and valuation at HVS.
Pride Hotels which offers day-use rooms between 9.00 am and 5.00 pm, cuts 30% off its tariff when customers check in for a few hours. Room rates range between Rs 10,000-16,000 across its properties.
Online travel agency Cleartrip-.com, which offers a section on its website — 'Quickeys' for business travellers says that nearly 40% of room bookings are last minute check-ins for an approximate duration of six hours.
 
Across the Carlson-owned Radisson Hotels in India, around 40% discount is offered on best available rates for day-use check-ins.
"It gives us the option to double sell our rooms, provided the timing of the second traveller doesn't overlap with the first," says Raj Rana, chief executive officer, South Asia at Carlson Rezidor Hotel Group.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Hotels tap on-the-go busines clients with capsule stay(In a slow market, this concept…)
NEW DELHI: Business travellers never had it so good with top hotels offering hard-to-resist schemes.
They have always offered lazy brunches and late check-outs, but now, there are even check-in facilities for a few hours for travellers.
Capsule stay, or day concept, is fast catching up in India.
The capsule concept is a win-win for all: hotels can substantially increase their revenue by selling their inventory twice over in a day, while customers can enjoy discounts of up to 50% on short stays.
In the winter months, in cities like Delhi, which are affected by fog, hotels are able to sell a room twice within the same day to those catching late-night flights, and during the summer months, to those who have scattered meetings.
Faced with a slow market and a rising inventory, five-star and budget hotels have started offering these transit rooms for 2-8 hours.
Brands such as JW Marriott, Carlson-owned Radisson Hotels, Hilton, The Lalit and the Westin are offering day-use packages, while business hotel chains like Ginger, Pride and The Lemon Tree and Keys, too have this facility on offer.
Typically, the services are being used by celebrities, business travellers and lawyers who have a few hours to change before their next round of meetings, or the next flight. Hotels are eager to cater to this category of customers who pass through a city for under a day.
Hilton Hotels, that operates 13 properties in India, says it gives discounts between 35% and 50% on day-use rates. This facility is very popular at Hilton Mumbai International Airport and their hotels in Delhi and Trivandrum. Daniel Welk, VP, operations — India, Hilton Worldwide, says customers are given the option to rent out the room for a few hours while transiting and can use the gym facilities as well.
Budget chain Ginger Hotels, run by a subsidiary of The Indian Hotels Company, which also operates the Taj Hotels, has recently introduced the initiative, and it says the scheme is attracting 10% occupancy.
It's a strategy for mature markets like Delhi and Mumbai. "We're communicating to our customers that they can save money booking transit rooms rather than spending on an overnight stay. We've had to re-engineer our computer programmes which used to only take bookings for 24 hours to make them applicable for stay between 9 am and 6 pm," says PK Mohankumar, managing director and chief executive officer, Roots Corporation.
The rooms range between Rs 1,599 - 2,999, depending on the location.
Indian budget hotel chain The Lemon Tree, for instance, says the offer is working particularly well for its Chennai property where a lot of travellers come to visit the American Visa office and want to exit the city by night. "We offer a minimum of four hours stay with slots of additional hours and a maximum of 8 hours, after which it becomes a full-day rate," says Maahesh Iyer, chief operating officer, Lemon Tree Premier.
The Lalit Hotels in Mumbai and Delhi, for instance, have a 'day use' check-box facility on the hotel website. The facility lets residents use the room facilities for four hours and they can pay an additional 10% of the room rates for any additional hour spent.
  "We charge 10-15% less than the best available rates and the average duration of stay is 4-5 hours per trip. A lot of celebrities tend to use this package in addition to business travellers. We also get day use room bookings from guests booking our venues for banquet functions," says Vivek Shukla, general manager, The Lalit New Delhi.
Hospitality consultants say these are trying times for hotel companies as they have thousands of extra rooms to sell and want to push these rooms by any means. "Hotels are trying hard to sell their inventory.
This concept has always been prevalent in the West, especially in Europe, and with the development of the DIAL airport hotel district in Delhi and Whitefield in Bangalore, it makes sense to offer this service," says Achin Khanna, MD consulting and valuation at HVS.
Pride Hotels which offers day-use rooms between 9.00 am and 5.00 pm, cuts 30% off its tariff when customers check in for a few hours. Room rates range between Rs 10,000-16,000 across its properties.
Online travel agency Cleartrip.com, which offers a section on its website — 'Quickeys' for business travellers says that nearly 40% of room bookings are last minute check-ins for an approximate duration of six hours.
Across the Carlson-owned Radisson Hotels in India, around 40% discount is offered on best available rates for day-use check-ins. "It gives us the option to double sell our rooms, provided the timing of the second traveller doesn't overlap with the first," says Raj Rana, chief executive officer, South Asia at Carlson Rezidor Hotel Group.
The Starwood-run The Westin hotels in Gurgaon and Sohna Road offer corporate booking packages; If you prefer to snuggle up and spend your day being pampered in bed, then do so at the comfort of your own day-use room, available from 9.00 am to 6.00 pm, all days a week.
But the hotels are extremely strict about the kind of clientele who can use this facility. Most are insistent on a screening process and will only accommodate single walk-in room users.
Mumbai-based executive Manish Golchha had even set up a website, DayHalt.com, last year for this segment. Both branded and unbranded hotels like Ginger Hotels and Concept Hospitality group's Fern Hotels are part of his offerings.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jabong to launch instant refunds for COD returnsCash on Delivery
(Jabong will begin giving…)
NEW DELHI: First, India's fledgling ecommerce companies pioneered the concept of cash-on-delivery (COD) to woo markets. Now, Jabong.com is adding a new chapter to the COD process: its delivery person will come with wads of currency notes to instantly pay back customers whenever they want to return a packet.
Late refunds irked COD buyers
Starting this week, Jabong will begin giving COD customers in Delhi instant cash at their doorstep even as the delivery guys pick up return packets. In the coming months, Jabong plans to take this initiative across the country. It was the COD system that helped ecommerce companies gain major traction in a country dominated by traditional retailing values.
But COD consumers started complaining that whenever they wanted to return a product, it often took them long to get their money back. "Customers started complaining that while they pay immediately for products, they had to wait for weeks for refund. They complained that it wasn't fair," says Vijay Ghadge , COO of logistics firm Gojavas, which will be managing the cash payments for Jabong.
Gojavas has been testing its instant cash payment system — called GoRupiah — in Delhi for four months and now says it is ready to actually roll it out starting in the Capital. The company has already formed a reverse-logistics team of around 250. Gojavas says Jabong, after clearing a refund, will transfer money into a separate account of Gojavas and the delivery company will pay the consumer.
Online retailers have pampered Indian consumers with initiatives such as COD and try-and-buy, among others, to gain business in a country fraught with challenges for the ecommerce industry. Currently, COD forms the lion's share of ecommerce transactions.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Small entrepreneurs use WhatsApp to establish rapport with buyersYou are here: Home > Collections > Clients
Small entrepreneurs use WhatsApp as a tool to establish personal rapport with customers
Shambhavi Anand, ET Bureau Sep 2, 2014, 04.29AM IST
Tags:
feedback
(While WhatsApp may…)
NEW DELHI: Monita Samom, who runs a garments outlet called G-8teen at Mayur Vihar in in Delhi, Monita Samom spends substantial time in clicking pictures of every new dress whenever she gets a fresh stock. "I 'WhatsApp' them to my clients," she says.
Samom is among hundreds of owners of outlets such as boutiques, saloons, bakeries and grocery shops in the country who have adopted free messaging app WhatsApp as a tool to connect and establish a personal rapport with their customer base.
While WhatsApp may not have too much in terms of generating revenue for itself, coming as it is with no advertisements, the popular app — which now has 60 million users in the country — clearly has helped small retailers and mom-and-pop stores boost their business.
Some of them who talked to ET said the app has helped increase their sales by about 20% and reduced their marketing expenses to almost zero, as earlier they used text messages to communicate with regular consumers.
"During the SMS days, it was just a text about the arrival of new collection. With WhatsApp I can even send pictures," said Samom who posts her pictures at a WhatsApp group constituting her regular customers. Those who like it, visit the store. "Also, when you send a text message clients would hardly ever respond as it costs money.
But WhatsApp is free, so they don't mind responding," she said. In just 10 minutes of uploading the picture of the new garment, she gets at least two queries from her customers regarding colour variations, Samom said. Another advantage of using WhatsApp, she said, is that it makes it easier for her to remember faces of new customers as most people put pictures on their profile.
Priya Jain , who sells home-made chocolates, cakes and some personal care items in Bangalore through her outlet 'Mishikrafts', said WhatsApp helps in customising products. "People want different shapes of chocolates. I can share pictures and let them select what they like. It is easy to get instant feedback if you are using the app," she said.
Prathamesh Sawant, owner and head stylist at Classic Hair Therapy salon in Mumbai, uses WhatsApp as a tool to schedule appointments with regular clients. "My work is such that I am occupied most of the day and find it difficult to take calls. It also helps in giving a more personal touch to the business," he said.
Jayaraj, a grocer in Chennai, sends out discount offers every day to his regular customers through WhatsApp. "The idea came to me after some of the clients started to interact through WhatsApp. We now chalk out small discounts or deal and send to the regular customers almost every day," he said.
Experts say that while WhatsApp is an effective tool to deal with regular customers, it is not an ideal medium to attract new customers.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Freecharge raises Rs 200 cr to build up transactional ad offeringsYou are here: Home > Collections > Platform
Freecharge raises Rs 200 crore to build up its transactional advertising offerings
Radhika P Nair, ET Bureau Sep 2, 2014, 03.32AM IST
Tags:
advertising
(The company is using user…)
BANGALORE: Freecharge, an online platform for mobile recharge, has raised $33 million (about Rs 200 crore) from existing investor Sequoia Capital, Belgium-based investment firm Sofina and Russian Internet and technology investor ru-Net.
The four-year-old company will use the funds to build up its transactional advertising offerings. Freecharge provides an easy-to-use desktop and mobile platform for users to top up their mobile talk time. It earns revenues primarily by linking about 120 brands such as McDonalds, Domino's Pizza and PVR with consumers.
Each time one of Freecharge's 10 million registered users transacts on the site, he can choose a coupon or deal of the equivalent amount from one of these brands. The company, which is targeting one million transactions a day by March, earns revenues in the form of commissions from these brands.
"The differentiation we bring in is that we link marketers directly with consumers. Marketers have realised that our platform has a direct impact on their sales," said Alok Goel, chief executive officer at Freecharge, who joined the company a year ago from online bus ticketing firm redBus.
Goel declined to reveal the company's financial details. Amit Jatia , vice-chairman at Hardcastle Restaurants, the master franchisee of McDonald's in western and southern India, agrees.
"They have been able to drive a significant number of customers from the online world into our restaurants with a performance tracking that is at par with online digital advertising," he said.
"As the company gains a critical mass of users, it will become an invaluable platform for brands to engage and target consumers with new insights that were unavailable earlier," said Shailendra Singh,MD of Sequoia Capital India Advisors. Sequoia had invested Rs 20 crore in the company in 2012.
The company is using user insights to build new ad models. It recently partnered with Britannia and Pepsi where consumers buying a product offline received free talk time redeemable on the site. Users buying goods on third-party sites like Myntra or MakeMyTrip after logging in on to Freecharge get cash back into their mobile wallets.
Freecharge was founded in 2010 by serial entrepreneur Kunal Shah and Sandeep Tandon, head of technology conglomerate Tandon Group .
It is now evaluating global locations where it can replicate its business model—an added attraction for its investors.
"Freecharge is one of the most exciting companies in our Indian portfolio with a highly innovative business model that has global appeal and scalability," said Galina Chifina, investment officer at ruNet. Goel declined to specify when the global launch will happen.
MobiKwik and Paytm are other online platforms that allow mobile top ups. While MobiKwik is primarily a mobile wallet that helps consumers to pay for mobile recharge and products, Paytm, owned by One97 Communications, has now morphed into a mobile commerce platform linking merchants and consumers.
FEATURED ARTICLES

July sees Core Sector Index slowing to 2.7%July sees Core Sector Index slowing to 2.7%
ET Bureau Sep 2, 2014, 05.08AM IST
Tags:
Aditi Nayar
(The core sector index, which…)
NEW DELHI: After the high of first quarter GDP data, the core sector numbers for July and purchasing managers' index for manufacturing (PMI) provided a sobering reality check that the recovery from the prolonged slump will not be easy as imagined.
The core sector index, which measures output of eight infrastructure industries, rose 2.7% in July, down from 7.3% in June, data released by commerce and industry ministry on Monday showed.
Separately, HSBC's PMI showed manufacturing activity moderated in August, declining to 52.4 from 53 in July, though still well above 50-mark that indicates expansion. The Indian economy expanded 5.7% in the April-June quarter, a two-year high, triggering a raft of upgrades in the growth estimates for the full FY15 to as high as 6% by some analysts.
"The contraction recorded by five of the eight constituents of the core sector in July 2014 highlights that the uptick in economic growth in the first quarter of the fiscal does not signify the start of a broad-based revival in growth momentum," said Aditi Nayar , senior economist, ICRA.
Core
sector index has 38% weight in the index of industrial production ( IIP ), indicating that the 3.4% growth in industrial production may not sustain in July.
The eight infrastructure industries included in the core sector index are coal, electricity, crude oil, natural gas, steel, cement, fertilizers, and refinery products. However, the sectoral details showed the core sector number in a better light and PMI was still in a strong expansion zone.
"Manufacturing activity moderated following a spurt in the previous month. Output and new orders slowed slightly in August, but remained robust relative to their 12-month history," said Frederic Neumann , Co-Head of Asian Economic Research at HSBC , and added that the mood remains positive, with firms accumulating inventory in response to stronger demand.
Output in crude oil, natural gas, refinery products, fertilizers and steel contracted by 1%, 9%, 5.5% 4.2% and 3.4%, respectively.
Notably, coal output rose 6.2% in July, indicating that the supply growth was stabilizing in higher single digits. And cement production rose 16.5% in July, indicating a strong revival in construction activity. Even the 3.4% contraction in steel production was on a high base of 18.1% growth in July 2013.
Electricity generation was up 11.2%, hinting adequate power for industry that was showing signs of revival, though Nayar felt it may be difficult to sustain.
"Though the core sector data is not encouraging, cement and electricity have performed exceptionally well, which is a good sign for economic growth going ahead. After September, we may see a fullblown recovery taking place in all sectors besides natural gas," said Soumya Kanti Ghosh, chief economic adviser, SBI.
PMI data also had something to cheer in the details.
Output at Indian manufacturing companies rose for a tenth straight month in August, and at the second-sharpest rate since February 2013 on account of improved order book volumes, the report said.
However, price pressures remained elevated, despite the slight deceleration seen in input prices. "This is likely to keep the central bank guarded against inflation risks, particularly from the pickup in demand," said Neumann.
The Reserve Bank of India had kept the interest rates unchanged in August.
FEATURED ARTICLES

5.7% Q1 growth has generated huge positive sentiment  says PM ModiYou are here: Home > Collections
5.7% Q1 growth has generated huge positive sentiment, says PM Modi in Japan
PTI Sep 1, 2014, 03.05PM IST
Tags:
Businessmen
(Buoyed  by economic growth…)
TOKYO: Encouraged by economic growth of 5.7 per cent in the first quarter, 2014-15, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today said it has generated a "huge positive sentiment" while exhorting Japanese businessmen to invest in India.
Highlighting the achievements of the 100 days of his government, Modi said one of the major initiatives of the new regime was further opening of the FDI rules which too was being widely appreciated by the investors.
Modi said this while addressing the a luncheon meeting hosted by Nippon Kiedanren ? the Japanese Chamber of Commerce and Industry, and the Japan-India Business Cooperation Committee here.
"The GDP growth of 5.7 per cent in the first quarter of 2014-15 has generated a huge positive sentiment," he said.
Improved performance of mining, manufacturing and services sector pushed India's economic growth rate to two-and-half- year high of 5.7 per cent in the April-June quarter and the government expects the trend to continue in the remaining fiscal.
India's economy had recorded a subdued growth of 4.7 per cent in the April-June quarter of the last fiscal, 2013-14. The previous high was recorded at 6 per cent in the October- December quarter of 2011-12.
Modi further said that the clear mandates received by the governments of both India and Japan, and the political stability they had generated, would deliver a strong push to bilateral ties.
In order to encourage Japanese investments, a special management team would be set up directly under the Prime Minister's Office.
He said two nominees selected by Japan would also be part of the decision-making team which evaluates business proposals and assured Japanese businessmen and investors of policy- driven decisions to eliminate delays.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Japan vows to invest $35 billion over 5 yrs in IndiaYou are here: Home > Collections
Japan vows to invest $35 billion over 5 years
ET Bureau Sep 2, 2014, 05.39AM IST
India and Japan on Monday vowed to upgrade their ties to a special strategic and global partnership covering a range of defence and economic issues. While Japanese premier Shinzo Abe promised to pump in $35 billion over next five years and speed up talks on a civil nuclear deal, India rolled out the proverbial red carpet for Japanese investment, with PM Narendra Modi announcing setting up of a special management team, including two Japanese nominees, under the PMO to facilitate business proposals.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India  Japan to share  Special Strategic Global PartnershipIndia, Japan sign key agreements; to share 'Special Strategic Global Partnership'
Dipanjan Roy Chaudhury, ET Bureau Sep 2, 2014, 06.37AM IST
Tags:
ABE
(The excellent personal…)
NEW DELHI: Japan and India have upgraded their partnership to the level of 'Special Strategic and Global Partnership' with the signing of a defence pact for regional stability and Tokyo's decision to double FDI in India by pledging $35 billion over the next five years for boosting India's infrastructure, including bullet trains. However, the much-anticipated civil nuclear deal remained elusive.
The excellent personal chemistry between the two PMs were visible during Narendra Modi's maiden trip to Japan as they drew up an ambitious plan to expand economic and security partnership over the next five years. Modi announced that Japan would nominate two persons to the special management team under the Indian PMO to facilitate investment proposals from Japan.
Sources in the Japanese government told ET that Modi's announcement for inclusion of nominees by Japan have taken them by surprise. However, this was not enough to break the logjam in negotiations to seal what would be a landmark civil nuclear deal. Modi and Shinzo Abe at their summit meeting in Tokyo directed their respective officials to expedite negotiations for mutually acceptable civil nuclear deal at an early date.
Addressing a joint press briefing with Abe, Modi said, "In recent months, we have made significant progress in our negotiations on civil nuclear cooperation. Today, we have discussed this issue at length. We have reached better understanding of each other's positions through this discussion.
We have agreed to instruct our negotiators to work expeditiously to conclude the negotiations at an early date so that we can further strengthen our strategic partnership." Abe commended India's efforts in the field of nonproliferation, including the affirmation that goods and technologies transferred from Japan would not be used for delivery systems for weapon of mass destruction.
Despite lastminute negotiations, the two sides could not narrow down differences over Tokyo's insistence for a tougher safe-guard regime and "no nuclear test" clause in the bilateral agreement.
Japan wants India to guarantee not to conduct nuclear tests and more stringent inspections of its nuclear facilities to ensure that spent fuel is not diverted to make bombs.
India has been insisting on self-imposed moratorium on its tests and does not agree to Tokyo's insistence on the clause in the text of the agreement that provides for automatic termination of nuclear ties if India conducts test in future. ET had reported last week that the nuclear deal will remain elusive in this trip which is Modi's standalone bilateral trip beyond the subcontinent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Will Vijay Mallya be able to pay back the banksCan Vijay Mallya pay back the banks?
ET Bureau Sep 2, 2014, 06.00AM IST
Vijay Mallya's current status as a willful defaulter potentially puts all his India-located assets on the block. Mallya's troubles have been growing even before this. With Kingfisher Airlines bleeding, he ceded control of United Spirits to Diageo Plc.
Will the same happen to United Breweries, which has global beer giant Heineken as the partner? Banks too are now better-positioned to take control of Mallya's assets, including his holdings in many companies held by United Breweries Holdings. UB Holdings has guaranteed some loans.
And Mallya's personal guarantees can lead to him losing properties in India, though his overseas assets are safe.
Here's a list of what is definitively known as Mallya's assets. The current market value of Mallya's equity holdings is over Rs 3,800 crore, which goes a fair way in covering the around Rs 7,000 crore that Kingfisher owes to 17 banks.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Indian markets give the best returns globallyYou are here: Home > Collections
Indian markets give the best returns globally
Biswajit Baruah, ET Bureau Sep 2, 2014, 10.27AM IST
Tags:
BSE
(NSE Nifty has scaled the…)
The NSE Nifty has scaled the important 8,000 mark for first time, making the Indian market among the best-performing equity markets globally this year.
The BSE Sensex has surged nearly 29.8% this year in dollar terms and has outperformed major emerging and developed markets. The surge has been led by expectations that the new government will leave no stone unturned to boost the country's economic growth.
The Indian market has received over $13 billion in foreign fund flows, the highest in the emerging markets basket this year. The MSCI India Index has rallied nearly 22.4% this year in comparison to MSCI Emerging Market Index which has gained 8.5% and MSCI World Index that has risen 5.27% over the same period.
However, India's outperformance has also sparked concerns that its valuations might be stretched as a substantial recovery in the economy and corporate earnings is still some time away.
The Sensex is trading at 16.1 times the current year's estimated earnings. China's Shanghai Composite Index's is trading at 7.8 times, Brazil's Ibovespa Index is trading at 10.9 and Russia's MICEX is at 5.2 times.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Investors can trim exposure to stocks: Wealth managersYou are here: Home > Collections > Investors
Investors can afford to trim a bit of their exposure to stocks, feel wealth managers
Prashant Mahesh & Nikhil Walavalkar, ET Bureau Sep 2, 2014, 06.19AM IST
Tags:
equities
(In the past one year (since…)
MUMBAI: Is it a good time to take home some profits from equities? Investors are asking this question as the Nifty crossed 8000 for the first time on Monday. While the general consensus is that India may be at the start of a long-term bull run, wealth managers feel investors can afford to trim a bit of their exposure to stocks as part of their portfolio rebalancing.
In the past one year (since August 31), the Nifty is up 44%, gold is down 14% and fixed income (short-term bond funds) have given returns of 10.88%. Due to the surge in the stock market since mid-February, an investor, who had allocated 70% to equities, 20% to short-term income funds and 10% in gold a year back, would see his allocation to equity rise to 77%, debt would fall to 16.5% and gold to 6.5%.
Since the investor's asset allocation has increased by 10%, financial planners suggest booking some profits in equities to maintain it and reduce the overall risk to his portfolio.
"When any asset moves up by more than 10% of the initial allocation, rebalancing could be considered," says Rajesh Saluja, CEO, ASK Wealth Advisors. Wealth managers said sticking to an asset allocation plan is crucial to achieving financial goals.
This approach reduces risk on the portfolio too. "Book profit in equities to the extent of getting back to your original allocation of 70%," says Vishal Dhawan, chief financial planner, Plan Ahead Wealth Advisors.
Investors can sell some mid-cap and small-cap stocks where valuations have moved ahead of fundamentals. "Within equity, one can look at quality large-cap stocks as the valuations are in their favour as compared to mid-cap stocks," says Nilesh Shah, MD & CEO, Axis Capital.
For example, stocks like Reliance Industries, ITC and HDFC Bank, which have not moved in the current rally, could be held on. Investors could sell overvalued stocks from infrastructure, power, real estate sectors.
Stock prices of companies like Suzlon, Lanco Infra, GVK Power have moved up since early this year amid the election euphoria. But, now, a lot of these stocks are overvalued because their earnings are yet to catch up with the runup in their share price.
Wealth managers said investors could consider using the sale proceeds from these stocks to invest in short- term income funds. These funds, which are meant for investors who wish to hold on to these investments with a six month-to-one year perspective, give twin benefits of attractive yields and capital gains if interest rates fall.
As and when shortterm interest rate falls, these funds can see returns kick in the form of capital appreciation, in addition to the ongoing attractive yields of more than 9%.
However, wealth managers said investors with low or no exposure to equities should consider staggering investments in equities over the next six months.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PM s smart city talk makes Varanasi a realty hotspotPM Narendra Modi's promise to develop Varanasi into smart city turns it into realty hotspot overnight
Ravi Teja Sharma, ET Bureau Sep 2, 2014, 09.10AM IST
Tags:
Ajay Mangal
(A top executive of an international…)
NEW DELHI: For many, Varanasi is about salvation — its ghats, temples and narrow, dingy bylanes give the spiritually oriented a mystical high. These days, however, India's oldest town is on a high itself as it turns into a real estate hotspot, buoyed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi's promise of making it a 'smart city'.
A top executive of an international realty consultant says he has been receiving frantic calls from his hotel clients in the past few days, enquiring about land prices and possible deals in the city.
Builders creating land banks in city
Among them is EIH Ltd , owner of the Oberoi hotels, which plans to build a luxury property there. PRS Oberoi, the 80-year-old chairman of the group that boasts of properties such as Udaivilas in Udaipur and Vanyavilas in Ranthambore, says: "Varanasi doesn't have enough good hotels. It makes a lot of sense to go there... There is more and more interest in the city now because of the recent announcements," he says.
Oberoi isn't the only one eyeing business in the city. American hotel chain Starwood's India head Dilip Puri says he has asked his development team to visit the city and scout for opportunities. "We are looking for partners... There is potential for both, domestic and international business," adds Lokesh Sabharwal, vice-president for the Indian sub-continent for French hotel chain Accor.
Property brokers say prices of land in and around the city have already started to rise with builders and investors beginning to create land banks. One biswa (1,360 sq ft) of land in areas such as Mohan Sarai on the outskirts, which was priced at Rs 12 lakh three months ago is now going for Rs 15 lakh, a rise of 25%. A broker says a bungalow he sold for Rs 2.5 crore in Ravindrapuri, the neighbourhood where the PM has set up his local office, is getting quoted forRs 3.25 crore since a month it was sold.
Investors and moneyed people from Bihar, UP and Haryana are on the lookout for land on the city's outskirts hoping they will sell them for a profit to builders as well as hoteliers as development rolls in. Delhi-based builder Amrapali says it has hastened plans to construct a township on the outskirts of the city after Varanasi was declared one of 100 smart cities the Modi government proposed to build. Last week, Modi signed an agreement with Shinzo Abe to have Kyoto as a partner in the development of Varanasi, which is represented in the Parliament by the PM.
The Japanese town, which is also known as the 'city of ten thousand shrines', has been redeveloped into a modern city while keeping its temples intact. Modi wants Varanasi to learn from that experience. Local property brokers say announcements such as these have raised the curiosity of people and there has been a spurt in interest from investors in Uttar Pradesh and from neighbourings states of Bihar and Haryana, and even from distant Hyderabad and Mumbai. "I've shown land to several small investors from Haryana and UP in the last two months.
They want to buy land and sell them later as plots. They know land is still cheap on the outskirts," says property broker Harish Jaiswal , who runs Satyam Property Dealers in the city. Another broker VK Singh , who operates from the Nadesar area of Varanasi says people from Hyderabad and Mumbai have been visiting to look at opportunities to set up commercial and industrial projects around the city, closer to the airport.
Right after the elections, Singh got enquiries from people looking to build hotels and colleges around Varanasi. A CEO of a real estate firm in Gurgaon, who did not wish to be named, says Varanasi is the talk of the town today especially in the real estate circles. "People have confidence in what the Japanese can do. They are hopeful of a transformation."
While the city itself might be congested, brokers say it has ample opportunity to expand on two sides— on the 22-kilometre road between the city and the airport and on the highway to Allahabad . Jaiswal says even locals are stirring up the action. Last month, he sold a bungalow built on 3,200 sq ft of land (or around 355 sq yards) for Rs 2.5 crore to a local businessman. Now the new owner is getting offers the buy the house at a much steeper prices—Rs 3.25 crore.
That's a neat 30% jump in one month riding on the back of all the euphoria. The potential is huge. "Varanasi can be a big centre for silk trading. If just one or two infrastructure and other cleaning activities start, the city will be on fire," says Ajay Mangal , director and chief executive officer of Delhi real estate firm MG Housing, which is in the process of buying 500 acres around Varanasi towards the airport for a future mixed-use development.
Noida-based builder Amrapali, which already has several projects in adjoining Bihar, is close to finalising a deal for buying a large chunk of land to build a township in Varanasi, says Shiv Priya, executive director of the company. For hotels, the lure is manifold. While there is hope that business travel will rise, untapped potential of the Buddhist circuit, of which it is the Centre and the city's ghats and temples is a big draw.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PM Modi gets detailed briefing on Kyoto s developmentYou are here: Home > Collections > Varanasi
PM Modi gets detailed briefing on Kyoto's development
PTI Aug 31, 2014, 01.08PM IST
Tags:
Japan's cultural capital
(Modi being greeted by Shinzo…)
KYOTO: Prime Minister Narendra Modi today received a presentation from Kyoto Mayor Daisaka Kadokawa on how the ancient tradition of Japan's cultural capital has been preserved while building it into a modern city, a day India signed a pact to develop Varanasi on the pattern of Kyoto.
During the over 40-minute presentation, Mayor Kadokawa explained how Kyoto was cleaned up by its citizens.
He told Modi that local students actively participated in cleaning up the city and reducing the garbage to 40 per cent.
Posters and billboards were discouraged and today the two remaining posters will be removed in the city, he said, adding that this exercise has been going on for several years.
Modi, who represents Varanasi constituency in the Lok Sabha, wants to develop the sacred Indian city into a 'smart city' by using the experience of Kyoto.
Modi presented a book to the Mayor in which he wrote,"I represent Benaras. I came to know how the city of Kyoto was developed."
He also handed over a digital map of Varanasi to the Mayor, who said, "I would like to dedicate myself for promotion of interaction between India and Japan."
Buddhist heritage are inspired by India, the Mayor said. Later Modi said, "the reason I came to Kyoto was primarily cultural. Kyoto has maintained its cultural heritage despite lot of troubles. Kyoto has incorporated modern needs with its cultural heritage. This city was built on the foundation of its cultural heritage. In India, we are also trying to create a heritage city."
Kyoto, with around 2000 temples and shrines, has been at the crossroads of history since the end of the Nara Period (794 A.D.). It was the capital of Japan for over 1,000 years till the Emperor moved to Tokyo.
A Partner City MoU was signed by Indian Ambassador Deepa Wadhwa and Kyoto Mayor Kadokawa at a ceremony witnessed by Modi and his Japanese counterpart Shinzo Abe yesterday.
The MoU, which was signed soon after Modi's arrival here on a five-day visit, provides for cooperation in heritage conservation, city modernisation and cooperation in the fields of art, culture and academics.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Wi-fi hot spots in cities  tourist centres may come up soonCabinet Committee on Economic Affairs
(The DoT has held meetings…)
NEW DELHI: The Department of Telecom (DoT) is working on a mechanism to provide wi-fi hot spots in cities with population of over 10 lakh and in tourist centres.
The DoT has held meetings recently with telecom operators for the scheme. It has not been decided if the service will be free or chargeable, sources said.
"We are planning to provide wi-fi hot spots in cities with a population of over 1 million and in tourist centres. Meetings have been held with telcos regarding the same but we are yet to take a call if it will be a free or chargeable service," the source added.
The scheme is part of Digital India programme, which has been approved by the government. The programme comprises various projects worth about Rs 1 lakh crore to transform the country into a digitally empowered knowledge economy.
The programme includes projects that aim to ensure that government services are available to citizens electronically and people get benefit of the latest information and communication technology.
The programme will be implemented in phases from the current year till 2018.
The vision of government under Digital India project includes creation of ICT infrastructure like high speed Internet at gram panchayat level, on demand availability of government services like health, education etc, and digital empowerment of citizens specially through digital literacy.
The programme will be monitored by a committee headed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi and the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA) will accord approval for projects.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Salaries for senior executives go up by 25-30%Atul Vohra
(Six months into the new financial…)
MUMBAI: Six months into the new financial year, the warm glow of a positive job market is being felt across company hierarchies. Pay packets have gone up in new jobs, while sign on bonuses and guaranteed stock options have made a comeback.
Senior executives are increasingly agreeing to have a higher variable pay attached to sector performances, which reflects a confidence in the months to come. A
25% to 30% pay increase for senior management is already a reality in the infrastructure and e-commerce space, while last year, there were barely any openings here, says Atul Vohra, managing partner of search firm Transearch India.
The September-to-mid-December period is usually the brightest in the hiring calendar, but Vohra adds hiring intensity will keep increasing.
"In the next five to six months, we expect an unprecedented spin in salaries with government policy boosting industries," he says. It is precisely this confidence in greenfield industries, infrastructure and real estate that has seen senior executives agreeing to higher variable packages attached to markets.
Srinivas Nanduri, partner board and leadership hiring, Maxima Global Executive Search placed a COO in a real estate company for a mere 5% increase in fixed component but a 40% jump in variable.
"More want to take up challenging roles and salaries linked to the industry's performance than before," says Nanduri. Going further, things will only get better, say others.
"Senior executives should hold on instead of taking the plunge. At the most they can get a 20% to 25% increase, similar to last year, but 2015 may be better," says Arun Shankar Das Mahapatra, chairman and partner, India initiative for search firm Heidrick & Struggles.
Mahapatra has placed 15 CEOs last year and around six till date. In the 2010-2011 market revival, he explains, the top brass could command a 50% salary increase in some cases but those days are gone.
However, with a nudge from the new government, infrastructure projects will open up and demand for top roles will increase, he adds. Recruiters say companies in their pre-IPO stage or in the ecommerce sector are attracting talent with long-term incentive plans.
The short-term increase in a senior executive's salary may show a 20%-25% jump but those entering e-commerce and about-to-be-listed firms will see a 100% increase in their long-term payout, says Navnit Singh, chairman and regional managing director India for KornFerry International.
A senior executive of a Mumbai-based search firm says he recruited the chief technology officer of an e-commerce company for $1 million. The candidate is of Indian origin, worked in a global e-commerce company and will return to India for his new role, adds the recruiter, who does not wish to be named.For those in the middle and lower rungs, job options have shot up by at least 10%, according to ABC Consultants.
Increase in counter offers and the rise in number of job postings show companies are increasing their intake. A 40% increase is now a possibility for those earning between Rs 10 lakh and Rs 40 lakh, says Kamal Karanth, MD of Kelly Services.
An average of 30% raise is already being seen in the FMCG, retail and pharmaceutical sectors. With the market looking up, companies are creating retention hooks and exit barriers for employees.
Consequently, long-term incentives and better benefits are being re-evaluated, according to consulting firm Aon Hewitt. "The middle management can expect at least a 15%-20% increase in salaries while making the shift whereas last year, it was a mere 1%-12%," says Ajit Isaac, chairman and MD of Ikya Human Capital Solutions, which looks at middle order hiring. With new projects being launched across sectors, the demand supply gap has gone up, and companies need middle managers to manage ventures.
Employees in this segment typically come with 8 to 15 years of work experience across industries. Staffing firms, which provide contract employees to companies, have seen demand for more candidates, although salary levels of 20% increase are similar to last year.
 
"The number of contract workers has increased by 10% for each client, but salary increase when changing jobs at the lower rung is 15%-30%, compared with 10% to 20% in the same period last year," says Aditya Narayan Mishra, president - staffing, Randstad India.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Indian case studies in demand in business schools across the worldIndian case studies in demand in business schools across the world
Rica Bhattacharyya, ET Bureau Sep 2, 2014, 04.32AM IST
Tags:
business schools
(Case-studies usage numbers…)
MUMBAI: Prafulla Agnihotri, director, Indian Institute of Management, Tiruchirappalli, remembers how he stumbled several times while teaching a case study on a golf equipment maker, at IIM Calcutta, where he was a professor of marketing.
"I didn't know the product and hence I slipped while teaching. How could I expect my students to understand?" says Agnihotri. As the director of IIM Trichy, which is about three years old now, Agnihotri is planning to develop the institute's own case bank.
Agnihotri's plan is in line with the increasing number of cases from top Indian business schools, including ISB, IIM Ahmedabad, IIM Bangalore, IIM Calcutta, among others.
The case-studies usage numbers from the association of ISB and Ivey Business School, one of the two top case study publishers globally, have gone up to over 20,000 in 2013 from 310 in 2010, says Arun Pereira, executive director at ISB's Centre for Teaching, Learning and Case Development.
"These are all high-quality cases and have company sign-offs and carry teaching notes," says Pereira. Ivey Business School has a collection of over 350 case studies of India-based businesses, up from 50-60 cases in 2008, when it started in India, says Pooja Sharma, director, India.
Also, there has been a two-and-a-half times increase in total cases used internationally from Ivey Business School's India case collection, reflective of this growing need among global business community to understand the unique business and entrepreneuring environment in India, consumer psyche and cultural differences.
The huge jump in number of case studies studies originating from India is prompted by an increasing demand for domestic cases in local business schools and a similar expectation from prospective employers.
This is in addition to an increasing interest in the India growth story in the global community. "It is a reality of marketplace. India has become a vibrant and exciting market," says Prabir Jha, president & group chief human resources officer, Reliance Industries.
The Indian context is unique and it is critical for business school students to learn the nuances, whether in India or abroad, he adds. From the ISB-Ivey collection of cases, India, US and Canada are the top three users of India centric cases.
ISB now has its own case collection at Harvard Business School. ISB's case, 'Goli Vada Pav', was used at Harvard. ISB cases are authored by not only ISB faculty, but also by faculty from other top schools in India including the IIMs, and XLRI, and faculty from top global schools, such as Kellogg, CEIBS-China, IMD-Lausanne.
Recently, ISB's case 'Embrace' won one of the top awards at the 2014 Global EFMD (European Foundation for Management Development) Awards at Brussels, Belgium.
"Indian institutions are beginning to use cases as part of their pedagogy to sensitise students to a fast changing set of market realities and managerial challenges as they expend their business and fight international competition in the domestic market," says S Raghunath, dean (admin) and professor, corporate strategy and policy at IIM Bangalore.
Moreover, India's heterogeneous consumer base, unique talent, different politics, regulations, levels of poverty and changing demographics all make case for institutes to leverage on locally developed cases.
For instance, IIM-B has developed cases to highlight the Indian response to globalisation such as 'ITC Ltd: India First'; 'Innovations in business models for internationalisation of Indian products and services - Forus Health'.
IIMB has also developed a new executive education programme for CEOs/ CXOs based on cases called 'Winning In Emerging Markets'. Companies are beginning to see the value of providing access to Indian institutions and are more open to sharing information as it adds to the company's brand equity.
 
It is also in their own interest to make the curriculum more industry relevant for that is the future talent pool they will tap from. Besides, there is a greater awareness about quality and rich variety of cases from India, says Pereira.
In the past, Indian case studies were mostly dependent on secondary data. However, case studies from India are mostly based on primary data and real interviews, leading to high quality cases that meet global business school norms.
Besides cases on business situations there are an increasing number of cases on ethics, whistle blowing, sexual harassment, workplace romance, corporate governance, and so on.Case-based teaching in India is also finding its place in undergraduate classrooms.
Ivey recently signed a three-year memorandum of understanding with Shri Ram College of Commerce, Delhi to help in case-based teaching. Ivey is planning a five-day case teaching workshop with SRCC for undergraduate faculty.

Government needs to balance jobs and safety: Nitin GadkariDelhi High Court
(Gadkari said the law should…)
NEW DELHI: Defending his stand on the issue of e-rickshaws, Road Minister Nitin Gadkari today said that the government has to create a balance between a poor man's job and safety parameters.
He said the reason behind allowing them to ply is to stop the "inhuman practice" of manually-pulled rickshaws.
The minister said the law should be strict and "we also have to take care of the common man, therefore we have to create a balance between the two".
The Delhi High Court on July 31 ordered a ban on plying of e-rickshaws in the national capital, saying that they are illegally running on Delhi roads, and prima facie a hazard to other traffic as well citizens.
The ban is still continuing as the High Court on August 5 made it clear that it cannot allow them to ply unless there are guidelines to regulate them. It asked the Centre to come up with draft regulations on the issue.
It has fixed September 9 for passing the order on whether e-rickshaws should ply in the national capital before the rules are framed to regulate them under the Motor Vehicles Act.
Gadkari also said that his ministry will soon start the process of seeking comments from various stakeholders and bring a fresh bill in the winter session of Parliament.
He had earlier said that the Motor Vehicles Amendment Bill being prepared will be in sync with practices in six advanced nations - US, Canada, Singapore, Japan, Germany and the United Kingdom.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Pak army rejects charges of support to protestersanti-government
(Pakistan army dismissed…)
ISLAMABAD: Pakistan army today dismissed charges that it was backing Pakistan Tehreek-i-Insaf and Pakistan Awaami Tehreek in anyway in the current political standoff.
The military in a statement said it "categorically rejects the assertions that army and ISI are backing Pakistan Tehreek-i-Insaf and Pakistan Awami Tahreek in anyway in the current political standoff."
"Army is an apolitical institution and has expressed its unequivocal support for democracy at numerous occasions. It is unfortunate that Army is being dragged into such controversies," it said.
The army's statement came soon after Javed Hashmi, who was expelled from PTI for criticising party chairman Imran Khan for marching to the parliament on Saturday, pointed fingers at the army and the ISI for "planning" the anti-government protests to topple Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif.
Hashmi also alleged that Supreme Court chief justice Nasirul Mulk was also part of the plan as he would approve the toppling of government and new elections.
He said Khan told his close colleagues that "we have a friendly chief justice now".
"Imran had told the core committee...we will file a petition in the Supreme Court and get a judge of our choosing who will say okay to everything," Hashmi said.
Hashmi claimed that Khan told close party members that it was decided that elections would be held before end of the year.
Hashmi also said that army was keeping the Khan and Qadri together.
"Imran would only move when Qadri moved. Whether it was from Lahore, or when we arrived. Are we their hostages?" Hashmi said angrily.
FEATURED ARTICLES

I will neither resign  nor go on leave: Pak PM Nawaz SharifBabar Khan Ghauri
(Sharif today said he will…)
ISLAMABAD: Embattled Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif today said he will neither resign nor go on leave, even as anti-government protesters led by Imran Khan and Tahirul Qadri continue to mount pressure on him to step down.
Addressing a meeting of leaders of political parties here, Nawaz said he would not allow to set a precedent under which a few people make hostage mandate of millions of people.
"We have rule of Constitution here and we will not allow any one to abrogate it," The Express Tribune quoted Nawaz as saying.
Following the meeting a joint declaration pointed out that future of Pakistan is linked with democracy and any deviation can be dangerous for federation of Pakistan.
The leaders expressed their firm resolve that they stand by the Prime Minister in the struggle to defend the democracy.
All parliamentary parties decided to become party to the petition filed in the Supreme Court for supremacy of the Parliament, Radio Pakistan reported.
The leaders strongly condemned attacks on the Parliament, Prime Minister's House and PTV.
"These attacks are attacks on democracy and state," they said.
Leader of the Opposition in the Senate declared that if someone tried to besiege the Prime Minister House then political leadership would stay with the Prime Minister in the PM House.
The meeting condemned irresponsible role played by a section of media trying to create misunderstanding between institutions.
The meeting was attended by Syed Khursheed Shah, Mahmood Khan Achakzai, Maulana Fazlur Rehman, Ijazul Haq, Babar Khan Ghauri , Dr Farooq Sattar , Aftab Ahmad Khan Sherpao, Mir Hasil Bizenjo, Haji Adeel, Haji Ghulam Ahmad Bilour, Abbas Khan Afridi and Ghazi Gulab Jamal .
Pakistan Awami Tehreek chief Tahirul Qadri and Pakistan Tehreek-i-Insaf chairman Imran Khan are agitating since August 14 against alleged rigging during the last year's general elections.
The political crisis has triggered violent clashes in Islamabad, leaving three persons dead and over 550 injured.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Opinion: Pakistans descent into controlled chaosYou are here: Home > Collections > Pakistan
Pakistan’s descent into controlled chaos
ET Bureau Sep 2, 2014, 03.55AM IST
Tags:
afghanistan
(What is certain is the adage…)
The crisis in Pakistan now resembles a state of chaos. The veracity of reports — which suggest PM Nawaz Sharif is about to resign following a meeting with the army chief, or that the leaders of the groups wreaking havoc in Islamabad, Imran Khan and the cleric, Tahir-ul-Qadri, are being charged with terrorism — is no longer certain.
What is certain is the adage that behind every crisis in Pakistan is the hand of the military, or you can find it waiting to exploit the situation to its advantage, which consists of taking charge or institutionalising its role in key areas of national security and strategy.
Here, again, the situation that has been created fits well with what the military often says: the political class is not dependable, is fractious, more keen on getting its hands on pieces of the pie than running the country's affairs.
Often, thus, a situation is created that makes sections of Pakistani society, weary of constant turbulence and a shambolic economy, long for army rule. And then the army happily obliges.
So, one theory has it that Imran Khan and Qadri have the backing of the military, and their patently ridiculous demands — that an elected PM step down just because they say so, or step down while an inquiry into alleged electoral rigging is held — have been allowed to reach a point where Islamabad resembles a battleground, and the PM is suitably weakened.
This, the thinking goes, allows the military to cut the PM's say on those key, strategic areas (say, Afghanistan and India), with the aim being to make permanent its veto on these areas. It isn't clear which way the wind will blow. But, clearly, democracy has again been assaulted in Pakistan. And, again, it is sections of the bickering political class who have allowed this quasi-coup.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Lack of initiative in drug discovery ails India: Dhaval Kumar Patelbrutally honest scientist
(One of the biggest concerns…)
BASEL: Dhaval Kumar Patel , 53, is a brutally honest scientist and speaks his mind. Born in Anand, Gujarat, and educated in Nadiad till the age of 8, Patel heads the world's largest drug maker Novartis Europe's drug discovery unit.
In a wide-ranging conversation with ET, he does a reality check on what's holding up science in India, patent cliffs and the future of drug discovery.
SCIENCE A WORRY
One of the biggest concerns about India, according to Patel, is that the country is still way behind others in global advancements made in science.
What's worse is that there are hardly any incentives for scientists working here. "I visited India five or six years ago, looking to identify places for collaboration, to try to identify those hubs where such activities occur. I travelled all over and came back more disappointed than excited," Patel says.
"I think, at a very high level, there are institutions that are globally competitive, but in general, the education system, at least for science and particularly for biological sciences, it could be better throughout."
Patel had also visited India to look at diseases prevalent in the country and to see how science can help in those areas, but what he found was that even though there are talented doctors, scientists and physicians, most of them were too busy to dedicate their time to research.
He wants India to follow the China, where the government has given incentives not only to companies, but also to academic institutions to participate and help build education infrastructure. Patel's comments come at a time when Indian drug makers are struggling to invest in drug discovery.
Last week, Piramal Enterprises decided to shut down its early stage drug discovery pipelines because of lack of funds, and close to 400 scientists were asked to leave the company or relocate to other centres.
FUTURE OF DRUG DISCOVERY
The threat of patent cliff is far fetched, says Patel, adding that such events are part of a drug's life cycle. "On the contrary, approvals for new drugs have gone up, but at the same time, the bar for getting an approval has gone up too," he explains.
"The drugs that were approved many years ago will certainly not be approved today. Innovations without outcomes are not going to be accepted by regulators, According to him, incremental innovations will be harder to get accepted. However, these questions will haunt the industry in the coming years: how to balance innovation with affordability. The future of healthcare seems to be personalised medicine, but is it sustainable? he thinks aloud.
"We are already seeing pushback in oncology. Many healthcare agencies are not covering some effective medicines. So, this is a huge question. How providers and payers work with us to advance healthcare will be another challenge that's going to affect us in future," Patel adds.
In 2013, Novartis invested 16%, or roughly 10 billion, in R&D. It received approvals for 34 new molecules since 2007 and is working on 30 new indications ranging from regenerative medicine to Googleglass lenses. Patel says that it is the interface of tech and pharma companies that would help bring new drugs.
(The reporter was in Basel on an invitation from Novartis Pharma to attend Biocamp 2014) governments and patients" Patel says.
FEATURED ARTICLES

SBI aims to create savings habit for fin. inclusion: B Sriram  SBIeconomy
(Public sector banks are…)
Public sector banks are always at the receiving end when it comes to their adaptability to latest developments. But the State Bank of India is moving aggressively to remain relevant in a market which is set to witness a revolution with differentiated banks, says B Sriram, managing director, in an interview with Sangita Mehta and MC Govardhana Rangan. Edited excerpts:
There is a lot of noise about financial inclusion. What will be its impact on the real economy?
It will have a big impact. We are looking at 10-12 crore accounts to be opened. It's not only opening accounts, they will have balance, there will be transactions, it will have multiple products like pension, insurance and even loan products at a later stage. In phase one, we are looking at opening accounts and creating the habit of savings in all citizens. In phase two, we are looking at bringing all these products to the customer so that not only the banking system develops on that, but the whole economy gets a boost.
There would be payment banks and small banks which would be nimbler than you are in reaching customers and their costs will be low. How do you compete?
I do not see them as competitors. They would be players in the economy like us, in a localised way. They have certain restrictions in the way they operate. They would collect small deposits and invest only in treasury instruments. So, to that extent, they are not in a loan market and they have their role defined by the RBI. They have their own niche in the market -either they can be in combination with the bank, or they can be on their own. The intent is you add or multiply. You don't divide and subtract. The purpose is every citizen in every nook and corner of the country has access to banking service or whatever remittance service that payments bank would give is made available to him as close as possible. It is a question of synergy and it's not that they will take my business, or I will take their business.
For long, rural areas were neglected on the pretext that they are not profitable. Has that changed?
I don't subscribe to the view that small-ticket loans are not profitable. For SBI, the CASA (Current Accounts Savings Accounts) franchise is coming out of rural and semi-urban areas. There are circles that drive 60-70% CASA, including the North-East and Odisha. Circle-wise if you see the demography, the more rural or semi-urban you are, the higher the CASA is. They are as important as the big businesses. They have to be served in a way that they remain with the bank. Like small drops in an ocean, these are things that make SBI. There is a character of continuity in terms of benefits available to the bank and they would not swipe in - swipe out easily.
Now, every one is talking about the bottom of the pyramid customers. How would SBI differentiate?
SBI was a pioneer in SSI (small scale industries) sector and so, we have a huge level of expertise in financing this sector. Most of the financing we do today is slightly different from what it was. From manufacturing, it has extended to services, it has gone to realty, it has gone to channel financing, vendor, and dealer finance. The full cash flow of the customer is captured by the bank. So, the business model has changed. We have developed products to capture this.We also have cash management products which are robust and well known. We have also gone in a big way to cash pick-up for SME customers. Here, the cash is picked up at customers' area either at the shop or jeweller once or twice a week and then, it is credited in their accounts. This gives us some CASA balances.
 
Are not private sector banks better at doing this?
We are also mapping SME clusters to certain branches and creating certain products for those branches. We are also creating specialised position - relationship managers small enterprise - they will look at the segment between Rs 1 crore to Rs 10 crore and they would be trained in processes and delivery and also in lead generation. How to capture leads? How to go and market and handling of the account?
Is notSriram, managing director, in an interview with Sangita Mehta and MC Govardhana Rangan. Edited excerpts: the competition from private lenders increasing here as they also feel that urban markets have saturated?
There is no doubt that we have to be a banker of choice. We have the best brand, we have the best reach, we have the best personnel, best IT. But all this best will work only if we are the bank of choice to the customer. For that, it is very essential that our whole system is driven towards being customer friendly and customer focussed. For this, we are rolling out digitised branches. We want to show to customers that we could be as efficient as any of the bank in the world.
How different is that in enhancing the customer experience?

How head chef of Domino s Pizza travels pan-India to localize productsactor
Narendra Singh Jaravta can resist many temptations but not this one. "Two parti parathas, two besan-methi parathas, two gobi parathas and two mawa parathas," he orders after finally getting a seat at a crammed paratha shop in one of the serpentine bylanes of Chandni Chowk in Old Delhi.
"Should I get them all together," a bemused waiter asks. The answer of course is in the affirmative.
"You just can't resist the temptation once you are in Paranthe Wali Gali," contends the head chef of Domino's Pizza India who is a regular visitor at Pandit Gaya Prasad Shiv Charan Paratha shop. "This is amazingly crispy and inspiring," he adds as he savours the crunchy parti paratha [layered paratha].
Inspiring enough to find its way into the kitchens of Domino's India; its latest offering, Taco Mexicana — a crispy flaky wrap filled with a Mexican arancini bean patty for vegetarians and a hot and smoky chicken patty for non-vegetarians — has been inspired by the parti parathai.
Taste of India
"We tasted all kinds of parathas to understand the kind of breads that people love consuming," says Jaravta. "We came up with 20 options and finally made an innovative Taco Mexicana, which is also inspired by the Malabari paratha," adds Jaravta, who joined Domino's India in 2007 and goes out on a food walk once in 15 days.
Call it localization or regionalization, Domino's India has been taking inspiration from regional cuisines and spices to suit the taste buds of Indians.
While Taco Mexicana has a blend of Western and Indian cuisine, two other latest products for south India have drawn heavily from regional food. South Zesty Veggie pizza, for example, is inspired by Andhra chilli gravy. Raw banana is cooked in thickened gravy and served as pizza topping. The second, Southern Chilli Chicken, has its roots in Andhra-style chilli chicken that's cooked in a paste of green chilies and other spices.
Jaravta is the man in charge of coming up with innovative offerings as the largest pizza brand in the country with 772 outlets across 158 cities (as of early August) has been grappling with falling same store sales (SSS) over the past three consecutive quarters. From a high of 36.7 per cent in the first quarter of fiscal year 2012, SSS growth is now in negative territory (see As Revenue Growth...). Jubilant FoodWorks, the master franchise holder of the US Domino's Pizza brand and Dunkin Donuts, posted an 18.47 per cent decline in standalone net profit for the first quarter of 2014-15.
To be sure, the entire quick service restaurant (QSR) industry has been struggling with a challenging macro-economic environment, rising inflation and falling discretionary spend by consumers over the past few years.
At Domino's the pace of innovation has only increased during the slowdown. Lebanese Rolls, Spicy Baked Chicken, Calzone Pockets, Fresh Pan Pizza, Stuffed Garlic Bread, Potato Smackers and Spicy Twistyz all rolled out in the past two years. Add to this the 10 exotic products that it launched last quarter, a first for a brand in 18 years that has been used to rolling out 2-3 new products every quarter.
Innovate and Improve
The pizza maker has its finger on the pulse of the varietyseeking Indian, say marketing experts. "Domino's has read this mindset and reinvented itself to serve the varietyseeking consumer," says Ashita Aggarwal Sharma, associate professor and head of marketing at SP Jain Institute of Management & Research, Mumbai. "They are mixing cuisines, merging the east and the west and providing options to consumers."
Result: a 72 per cent market share in pizzas, over three times its nearest competitor and over two and a half times the slice it had a decade ago.
Innovation, feels Jaravta, keeps the brand young. Over the past eight months, the head chef has travelled across villages of Rajasthan, Punjab, Haryana, Karnataka and Tamil Nadu to draw inspiration for his culinary innovations.
"We have created a database of all popular regional cuisines," says Jaravta. The idea, he explains, is to draw some kind of inspiration which could be a starting point for a lot of product concepts. "This is exactly what the idea of a food walk is. Started in 2007, it has helped us in mixing local cuisines in our products."
A report by BNP Paribas in March this year ranked Jubilant FoodWorks as the 5th most innovative company in Asia, just a rank below Titan Industries. "Driven by a credo to deliver more," the report says, "Jubilant FoodWorks is engaged in a constant innovation process which seeks to improve its consumer facing proposition and at the same time improve its internal processes."

Sensex nears 27 000; Nifty holds 8050; top stocks in focus todayYou are here: Home > Collections
Sensex, Nifty at record high; top fifteen stocks in focus
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 2, 2014, 10.21AM IST
Tags:
BSE sensex
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex rallied over 80 points in trade on Tuesday to hit its fresh record high of 26,960.52, while the Nifty too registered a fresh life-high of 8,057.30 in trade today.
At 10:00 a.m.; the 50-share index was at 8,056, up 31 points or 0.39 per cent. It touched all-time high of 8,062.25 and a low of 8,036.55 in early trade.
The S&P BSE Sensex was at 26,953.36, up 85 points or 0.31 per cent. It touched all-time high of 26,960.52 and a low of 26,886.22 in early trade.
"Investors definitely need to exercise caution considering the fact that markets have already run up quite a bit. But to say that there is no scope to invest in this market, I would not agree to that," said Sudip Bandyopadhyay, President, Destimoney Securities Pvt. Ltd.
"There are still enough and more opportunities. Infrastructure as an area, real estate as an area, the entire power sector as an area still is a long-long way to go and these will go on the back of the reforms, on the back of removal of the bottlenecks which have been plaguing these sectors," he added.
Here is a list of fifteen stocks which are in focus today:
NTPC, Jaiprakash Associates: NTPC, GVK Group and Jaipraksah Associates are among developers of 40 producing captive coal blocks and six soon-to-be operational mines that are likely to be spared from cancellation by the Supreme Court as the government on Monday sought special dispensation for them.
At 10:00 a.m.; NTPC was trading 0.5 per cent lower at Rs 139.15 and Jaiprakash Associates was down 1.4 per cent to Rs 47.50.
ONGC: As Oil Ministry looks into reasons for delay in ONGC's KG basin gas development, the state-owned firm says it lost three years because the ministry and DGH refused to approve its partnership with Norway's Statoil and Petrobras of Brazil for the block.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.8 per cent lower at Rs 435.70.
Cipla Ltd: Cipla Ltd has launched an anti-asthma inhaler in Germany and Sweden that is a generic version of GlaxoSmithKline Plc's Advair, a move that will further dent sales of the British firm's top-selling product.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 7 per cent higher at Rs 566.75.
Tata Steel Ltd: Continuous Annealing and Processing Company Private Limited, a 51:49 joint venture between Nippon Steel Corporation & Sumitomo Metal Corporation (NSSMC) of Japan and Tata Steel, inaugurated a new Rs 2,750 crore advanced auto steel facility.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.16 per cent higher at Rs 524.90.
SBI: State Bank of India (SBI) today signed a loan agreement with the Japan Bank of International Cooperation (JBIC) to set up an export credit line in two currencies worth USD 152 million.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.5 per cent higher at Rs 2516.
Apollo Hospitals Ltd: Healthcare major Apollo Hospitals Enterprise plans to add 3 more reach hospitals with a total bed capacity of 500 beds in the country at an investment of Rs 400 crore in the current financial year.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.5 per cent higher at Rs 1195.
  Hero MotoCorp Ltd: Country's largest maker of motorcycles and scooters, said August sales rose 21 per cent from a year earlier to 558,609 units.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.2 per cent higher at Rs 2794.60.
TVS Motor Company Ltd: The company today reported a 46 per cent increase in its total sales at 2,27,482 units in August 2014.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 3.3 per cent higher at Rs 199.85.
IFCI: Government plans to hike its stake in IFCI Ltd to 51 per cent by infusing Rs 60 crore in the country's oldest financial institution. Even though the government had a majority shareholding in the term lender, at present the stake is nearly 48 per cent on account of inclusion of preference share capital.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.8 per cent lower at Rs 34.10.
Ashok Leyland Ltd: Hinduja Group flagship company Ashok Leyland reported 16.69 per cent increase in its total sales at 8,331 units in August.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1 per cent lower at Rs 38.35.
PFC & REC: The government's divestment drive is gathering pace. On Tuesday, the power and finance minister will meet over selling stake in Power Finance Corporation (PFC) and REC.
At 10:00 a.m.; PFC was trading 1.8 per cent lower at Rs 258 and REC was down 1.5 per cent to Rs 274.70.
Jaiprakash Associates: The company has sought shareholders' approval to give up to Rs.40,000 crore in guarantees against debt to joint ventures or associate firms.The new limit will be higher by Rs.5,000 crore, said media reports.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.9 per cent lower at Rs 47.75.
Punj Lloyd Ltd: Singapore's state investment company Temasek is negotiating with Atul Punj's flagship Punj Lloyd to buy its minority stake in super specialty hospital Medanta Medicity, founded by eminent cardiac surgeon, Dr Naresh Trehan.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 3.8 per cent higher at Rs 39.30.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Punj Lloyd to exit Medanta Medicity; stock surges 5%You are here: Home > Collections > Temasek
Punj Lloyd rallies on reports of Medanta Medicity stake sale
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 2, 2014, 10.01AM IST
Tags:
Atul Punj
(The final deal contours…)
NEW DELHI: Punj Lloyd Ltd rallied as much as 4.88 per cent in trade on Tuesday, after media reports suggested that Singapore's state investment company Temasek is negotiating with Atul Punj's flagship Punj Lloyd to buy its minority stake in super specialty hospital Medanta Medicity .
At 09:40 a.m.; Punj Lloyd was trading 3.7 per cent higher at Rs 39.25. It hit a low of Rs 38.80 and a high of Rs 39.70 in trade today.
The divestment will help the diversified engineering and project management major to deleverage its balance sheet and at the same time further consolidate the sovereign investment group's healthcare bets across emerging markets like India, ET reported.
To start with, Punj Lloyd is planning to sell half of its 17 per cent shareholding in Global Health Private Limited (GHPL) - a company which owns, manages and operates the Gurgaon based hospital for around Rs 300 crore, said multiple sources involved.
This will be followed by another structured transaction, wherein, Punj Lloyd will raise additional debt of around Rs 300-Rs 320 crore against its residual 8.5 per cent stake, added the ET report.
After a period of 2-3 years, the former will have the option of paying back the loan and releasing those shares or relinquishing them to Temasek at a future valuation based on the financial matrix of that time.
As per the ET report, the final deal contours are still being worked out but sources add that the negotiations are expected to complete latest by October. Through this transaction, Punj Lloyd is expecting to raise Rs 600-Rs 630 crore.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Strong upmove for Nifty on cards for next 3-5 yearsAjay Bodke
("As the cyclical recovery…)
In an interview with RT Now, Ajay Bodke , Head-Investment Strategist & Advisory, Prabhudas Lilladher, shares his view on markets: Excerpts:
ET Now: What is it that you are sensing about which way the market is headed? We are at the top at 8000. Does it seem like the market has a fair chance of consolidating somewhat or correcting a little bit from these levels or does it seem like it is going to be another 100-200-point rally that we have in store?
Ajay Bodke: I would err on side of caution because the market is at an all-time high. At the same time, the momentum seems to be going great guns.
On the valuations front, we are estimating Rs 495 of earnings for Nifty a year from today. At the current level of around 8000 odd, we are trading at roughly 16 point one time one year forward earnings vis-a-vis 14.8 times one year forward earnings for Nifty, if we go back and look at the last 10-year average.
So we are currently trading at about 9% premium to last 10 years average, although I must point out that the earnings that we are looking at, we are at the bottom of the earnings cycle and as the cyclical recovery picks up steam towards the end of the current financial year, one could expect a sharp jump in earnings for FY16.
Hence, I would not be too worried about this 9% premium that I mentioned. The market should be on an up move but it would be a tepid and a measured move from here on in the market in the short term. What is really helping us is the fact that the diesel under recoveries have come down to 8 paisa per litre. We are on the anvil of diesel being deregulated.
The current account deficit has come down sharply to just 1.7% of GDP in the first quarter, trade deficit is down sharply by 31.4% in the first quarter and the stabilisation on the external front, crude prices coming off, macro economy stabilising, fiscal deficit being under control and a strong government giving push to infrastructure sector, the confluence of all these factors will keep India as a darling among emerging markets and the other emerging markets are also suffering from caving in on demand from China. So for the next three to five years, we are in for a very strong upmove but one must be selective in one's choosing of stocks .
FEATURED ARTICLES

Cipla surges 8%; brokers raise target price post inhaler launch in Germany & SwedenYou are here: Home > Collections > Cipla
Brokerages raise Cipla's target price post inhaler launch
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 2, 2014, 11.44AM IST
Tags:
Bank of America Merrill Lynch
(Analysts at Emkay Global…)
MUMBAI: The launch of Fluticasone/Salmeterol combination inhaler, a generic version of GSK's Advair MDI (metered dose inhaler), by pharmaceutical major Cipla in Germany and Sweden is seen as a significant development by brokerages.
The launch establishes Cipla as the front runner in combination MDIs as no other generic company has received approval in this category so far. Cipla will be launching the drug in other European countries over the next 12-18 months.
According to brokerages, the ahead of time launch of inhalers will give a strong boost to the company's margins. Most of them have raised their EPS estimates and 12-month target price on the stock.
"We believe this is a significant development for Cipla as it instills the confidence that time has come for the company to monetize its respiratory franchise in the developed markets. We expect launches in more lucrative markets such as the UK (US$432mn), France (US$64mn) and Spain (US$44mn) to follow over the next 12 months," said a Bank of America Merrill Lynch report.
The brokerage is of the view that the global respiratory market is likely to grow from US$36bn to US$50bn in 2018. Cipla can generate US$800mn sales and US$500mn PAT over the next 5-7 years from its respiratory portfolio, if launched successfully.
BofA-ML has increased target price on the stock to Rs 570 per share.
Analysts at Emkay Global Financial Services are of the view that the launch will have a strong positive impact on the company's margins.
The product is likely to be a substitutable version of GSK's Advair. There is limited competition as Mylan seems to be the only other company expecting approval in 1HCY15.
"With 50 per cent generic penetration, 40 per cent price erosion and 25 per cent market share, we believe this can add ~$120 million to Cipla' topline in FY16E with very high margin (~50-60 per cent EBITDA)," the report said.
"We expect earnings to grow at a CAGR of 32 per cent over FY14-16E. We recommend a BUY rating with a target price of Rs 671 (22x FY16E EPS of Rs 30.2)," the report added.
"Launch of generic Advair pMDI in Germany and Sweden is a significant positive. While the combined size of the markets is not material (US$60 mn), these approvals now set the stage for 4QFY15 approval in the UK, which represents the largest market for Advair pMDI in the EU," said a Kotak Securities report.
Kotak Institutional Equities sees several catalysts that promise to reinforce Cipla's positioning in the attractive respiratory generics market, including critical US filings of ProAir HFA, Flovent HFA and Advair HFA.
"We raise our target price to Rs 610 (Rs 600 earlier) as we now build in 100 per cent probability of success for Advair pMDI in EU-5 countries, and see several other triggers to drive further re-rating over the next 12-18 months," the report added.
However, Nomura maintains its 'neutral' rating on Cipla. According to the brokerage, the stock has rallied nearly 38 per cent over the last three months, driven by expectations of the MDI Seretide launch in Europe.
Though positive, the development can't be extrapolated to the entire inhaler universe, it says.
  "We highlight a few challenges: a) Cipla's product as approved under the decentralised process is without a clinical trial and is not 100 per cent bioequivalent; b) price competition from Glaxo in the home market of the UK can't be ruled out; c) in the EU, for DPIs, there is limited clarity on substitutability without clinical trials; and d) for substitutable product, in the US clinical trials would be required," the report said.
Nomura has maintained a target price of Rs 569 on the stock.
At 11:10 am, the stock was at Rs 564.55, up 6.58 per cent, on the BSE. It rallied 8.6 per cent to touch an intraday high of Rs 575.20.
FEATURED ARTICLES

TVS Motor hits 52-week high on August sales numbersAugust sale
(At 10:30 AM; TVS Motor Company…)
NEW DELHI: TVS Motor Company Ltd rallied as much as 4.3 per cent in trade on Tuesday to hit its fresh 52-week high of Rs 201.80, after the company reported a 47 per cent growth in two-wheelers in the month of August 2014 to 217,662 units from 148,469 units recorded in August 2013.
The Chennai-based company had sold 1,55,532 units in the same month last year, TVS Motor Company said in a statement.
At 10:30 AM; TVS Motor Company Ltd was trading 2.7 per cent higher at Rs 198.65. It hit a low of Rs 196.90 and a 52-week high of Rs 201.80 in trade today.
Total two-wheeler sales increased by 47 per cent to 2,17,662 units in August 2014 as against 1,48,469 units in the same month a year ago.
Domestic two-wheeler sales stood at 1,90,547 units last month, up 50 per cent, from 1,27,095 units in the year-ago period, it added.
Scooters sales during the month grew by 84 per cent to 67,240 units in August 2014 as against 36,478 units in the corresponding month last year, said a PTI report.
FEATURED ARTICLES

EXPOSED: Bollywood s links with the underworld!Photo uploaded by Kripa Parekh
on Sep 02, 2014 , 01:06 am
11907 Views  |  6  Comments  |  
Report Abuse
Abu Salem placed a call to music man Gulshan Kumar, demanding he shell out Rs. 10 crores. Gulshan’s refusal to do so ended tragically, when he was shot and killed 10 days later. A lot of big wigs were interrogated regarding Gulshan Kumar’s death and the main accused was Nadeem Saifi. Images and information procured via Google.
Abu Salem placed a call to music man Gulshan Kumar, demanding he shell out Rs. 10 crores. Gulshan’s refusal to do so ended tragically, when he was shot and killed 10 days later. A lot of big wigs were interrogated regarding Gulshan Kumar’s death and the main accused was Nadeem Saifi. Images and information procured via Google.

Bajaj Auto motorcycle sales marginally up in AugustUpdated: September 2, 2014 11:42 IST
Bajaj Auto motorcycle sales marginally up in August
PTI
The Hindu Motorcycle sales during the month stood at 2,84,302 units as against 2,78,583 units in August 2013, the company said in a statement. File photo: Nagara Gopal
TOPICS
automobile
Bajaj Auto on Tuesday reported 8 per cent increase in total sales in August at 3,36,840 units as against 3,12,188 units in the same month last year.
Motorcycle sales during the month stood at 2,84,302 units as against 2,78,583 units in August 2013, the company said in a statement.
Commercial vehicles sales were at 52,538 units as compared to 33,605 units in the same month last year, up 56 per cent.
Exports last month were up 21 per cent at 1,75,127 units as against 1,44,160 units in August 2013, the company said.
Bajaj Auto expects its total sales this month to touch four-lakh units mark, the statement added.

Akshay screams at me to exercise but I m too lazy: Dimple KapadiaComments
In 1973, a young debutante set the big screen ablaze when she slipped into a bikini for a scene in Raj Kapoor’s Bobby. It’s been over 40 years since then, and there has been no stopping Dimple Kapadia . The veteran actor continues to impress critics, take risks and enjoy her work.
We caught up with her at her son-in-law Akshay Kumar’s office for a candid chat about being lazy when it comes to working out, artificially enhancing her derrière for an upcoming film, working with the young lot of actors and dancing for her grandchildren.
Read Finding Fanny book to release next year
Akshay is a fitness icon for so many in this country. Does he ever push you to exercise?
Akshay screams at me, asking me to workout. Then I hit the gym for a day or two and call him to tell him about my progress. He gets very excited and pats me on my back. But then, after two days, my excitement fizzles out and he gets very upset. He is always after my life, asking me to work out and, in general, work more. We are the exact opposite of each other. He is this hard-core disciplinarian and I’m indisciplined to the core.
Do you get to spend a lot of time with your grandchildren, Aarav and Nitara?
I just go over and cuddle them, hug them, fuss over them and irritate them. Aarav is at that age right now where his response to whatever I do is, “Naniiiii”. I even dance for them. Where would you get a grandmother like that?
Your look in Finding Fanny — and your character’s accentuated posterior — has made quite some news.
(Laughs) I was very comfortable wearing those butt pads. In fact, I think I looked very good in them. I wish I had a butt like that; it’s so cute. Also, it was extremely hot, so those extra butt pads actually helped me lose weight. It was a double whammy for me.
You’ve worked with Deepika Padukone in Cocktail (2012). What was it like to work with her again?
The best thing about newcomers is that they are constantly working towards improving themselves. Deepika has an urge to master the art. Doing a film is not enough for her; she is honing herself to become better and better. In our times, we were very laid-back. These youngsters are not like that at all.
Are you ready for the crazy ride with the cast of Finding Fanny?

Fire in Kolkata high-rise  no casualties reportedComments
Fire struck on the 15th and 16th floors of Chatterjee International, one of the oldest highrises in the city’s business district, on Tuesday just before the beginning of full fledged office hours, sending panic waves across the city that was ravaged by devastating fires in the past few years including the ones at AMRI hospital and Stephen Court.
 
The fire started around 8:30 on the 15th floor and spread to the 16th. It raged for over three hours before it was brought under control by 17 fire engines.
 
Parts of the 14th and 17th floors were also damaged.
 
“The floors have fire extinguishers, sprinklers and fire alarm. But since they are not operated, they do not work,” alleged Firoj Akhtar, an employee of an office on the 21st floor.
 
Fortunately, there were no casualties, an escape described as providential by some who has offices in that building. Electricity connections in the entire 24 storied building and adjoining office buildings were snapped soon after the fire spotted.
 
Four persons, who were on 21st floor, got choked by the smoke. They were rushed to the nearby SSKM Hospital but were later released after preliminary treatment. However, one firemen was injured while dousing the fire.
 
“I was stuck on the 21st floor of the building. Fire engulfed the entire floor. I waved with a piece of cloth through the window to draw attention. Later, I was rescued by the fire service officials,” said Akhtar, one of the four people trapped inside the building.
 
The building was completed in 1976 and has 24 floors, all occupied by office and business establishments.
 
“We don’t know what caused the fire. We will only know after the probe in over,” said fire services minister Javed Khan. However, the word spread at the spot that kerosene and cooking stoves that contain highly inflammable material might have been present at the spot.
 
Incidentally, Stephen Court that was engulfed by a massive fire on March 24, 2010 killing 43, is less than a km from the spot.
 
“The fire can be partially attributed to the sheer negligence of fire officials. I saw sparks in the AC machine in my office, I alerted the firemen. But they were busy battling the fire on the 15th,” said Prem Kanoria, who owns an office on the 16th floor.
 
Kanoria’s office was completely gutted. “I saw the fire on the TV and came rushing. But I had to helplessly watch it being engulfed by the fire,” rued Kanoria.
 
Apart from the fire engines, two sky lifts and four ladders were deployed at the spot.
 
But lack of planning and coordination became evident again on Tuesday. A 40-metre skylift reached the spot an hour after the fire was noticed. But it could not reach the 15th floor where the fire had broken out.
 
Then a 70-metre skylift was rushed to bring out those trapped on that floor. But it was a good two hours after the fire.
 
Firemen were seen struggling with the taller apparatus, a clear indication that they were not fully familiar with the operation.
 
The fire services minister, Javed Khan, mayor Sovan Chatterjee, housing development minister Arup Biswas rushed to the spot. Ritesh Tiwari, who is contesting the Chowringhee assembly bypoll for BJP, also came in the morning.
 
“Why couldn’t the state government act within 15 minutes of the fire breaking out? The fire station is close to the spot,” said Tiwari.
 
“I went to the 15th and 16th floor.  The fire was completely under control by then,” said Javed Khan around midday.
Fire breaks out at Chatterjee International Centre in #Kolkata. (Photo courtesy: Twitter handle @ANI_news)

Boris Island airport rejectedBoris Johnson says airport plan not dead despite rejection
 
Airport expansion 'critical' for UK
London Mayor Boris Johnson has said his proposal for an island airport in the Thames estuary is not dead, despite the Airports Commission rejecting the idea.
Commission chairman Sir Howard Davies said the huge cost, economic disruption and environmental concerns made the proposal unviable.
The mayor called this short-sighted, but said plans to expand either Gatwick or Heathrow airports would fail.
These plans face huge opposition and no government would back them, he claimed.
The proposal for a Thames Estuary airport - dubbed Boris Island because of the mayor's strong backing - would have led to the development of a four-runway airport on the Isle of Grain.
'Serious doubts'
But Sir Howard said in the commission's report : "We are not persuaded that a very large airport in the Thames estuary is the right answer to London's and the UK's connectivity needs.
"While we recognise the need for a hub airport, we believe this should be a part of an effective system of competing airports to meet the needs of a widely spread and diverse market like London's.
Boris Johnson: "This is all a gigantic smokescreen for a U-turn on Heathrow"
"There are serious doubts about the delivery and operation of a very large hub airport in the estuary.
"The economic disruption would be huge and there are environmental hurdles which it may prove impossible, or very time-consuming to surmount," Sir Howard said.
The least ambitious version of the island scheme would cost £70bn to £90bn, much more than other options, he said.
"The need for additional capacity is urgent. We need to focus on solutions which are deliverable, affordable, and set the right balance for the future," Sir Howard added.
The decision not to shortlist the Isle of Grain as an option leaves the commission with three choices : adding a third runway at Heathrow, lengthening an existing runway at Heathrow, and a new runway at Gatwick.
'Gathering dust'
Sir Howard's commission was set up by the government to consider ways of expanding airport capacity. The final report is expected next summer, after the general election.
Mr Johnson said: "In one myopic stroke, the Airports Commission has set the debate back by half a century and consigned their work to the long list of vertically filed reports on aviation expansion that are gathering dust on a shelf in Whitehall.
"Gatwick is not a long-term solution and [Sir] Howard Davies must explain to the people of London how he can possibly envisage that an expansion of Heathrow, which would create unbelievable levels of noise, blight and pollution, is a better idea than a new airport to the east of London that he himself admits is visionary, and which would create the jobs and growth this country needs to remain competitive."
Sir Howard Davies: "The risks and the costs of the Estuary project mean it's not something one should take forward"
However, Mr Johnson said that the island airport plans were not finished, despite the commission's announcement.
Proposals to expand either Heathrow and Gatwick would run into hurdles - as they had done in the past - and any future government would return to the Thames estuary plan.
That would make any future recommendation made by the Airports Commission "irrelevant", he said.
But Gatwick Airport chief executive Stewart Wingate said the commission's decision was the right one.
'Reducing noise'
"This is an important juncture in the aviation debate because now Britain's choice is clear; expand Gatwick and support genuine competition, lower fares and greater choice for passengers or expand Heathrow and return to the stale monopoly of the past and watch the cost of going on holiday, travelling for business and exporting goods and service go up," Mr Wingate said.
He said Gatwick's case for another runway offered the cheapest, quickest and most low risk solution to the urgent need to expand airport capacity.
However, Heathrow's chief executive John Holland-Kaye said his airport was now in pole position for expansion.
"We have always agreed with the mayor that Britain needs a successful hub airport to compete in the global race for jobs and growth. Heathrow is now the only hub left in the race," he said.
"We would like to work with the mayor to deliver Heathrow expansion in a way that benefits the whole country while reducing noise impacts for local people compared to today."
British Airways, the biggest operator at Heathrow, said: "We've always said that there was no economic case for a Thames estuary airport so it's no surprise that the Davies Commission, after a thorough investigation, has ruled it out."
 

Payday loan hardship cases up 42%Miliband: Ban children's TV loan ads
The number of people struggling with payday loans has risen by 42% in the past year, according to a debt charity.
The charity StepChange is asking the City regulator to take further action to protect consumers who suffer from such financial hardship.
It said the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) should impose an even stricter cap on payday loan costs.
The FCA said it would study the idea, along with all the other responses to its current consultation.
StepChange's latest figures suggest the number of people getting into difficulty as a result of payday loans is continuing to increase.
In the first half of 2014 it dealt with 43,716 consumers who were in trouble. That compares with 30,762 in the same period last year.
'Crucial step'
Continue reading the main story
“Start Quote
While the FCA's proposed price cap is a crucial step forward, there is much work still to be done.”
End Quote Mike O'Connor Chief executive, StepChange
It has proposed, for example, that no one should have to pay back more than twice they original amount they borrowed.
But StepChange said that the proposed cost cap should be tougher.
The FCA has also suggested a fixed fee of £15 if someone defaults on repayments.
StepChange said the maximum should be £12, to bring it in line with default charges on credit cards.
"While the FCA's proposed price cap is a crucial step forward, there is much work still to be done," said Mike O'Connor, StepChange's chief executive.
StepChange said it also wanted the FCA to examine other lending markets, including overdrafts, logbook loans, and doorstep lending.
The FCA said research into those areas was already underway, and it could not comment further.
The consultation on a cap for payday loan costs closes on Tuesday.
The FCA will make a final announcement on the size of the cap later in the autumn, and it will take effect in January 2015.
More on This Story

Premier League transfer spending hits 835mPremier League transfer spending hits £835m mark
By Bill Wilson Business reporter, BBC News
Manchester United have been big spenders during the transfer window
England Women's Sevens turn pro
Premier League clubs have spent £835m on new players during the summer transfer window, having broken their previous record of £630m set last year.
Analysis from Deloitte shows that of the money spent, £530m has gone overseas, £240m to Premier League clubs and £65m to Football League teams.
The transfer window closed at 23:00 BST on Monday, 1 September.
It was also the closing transfer deadline day in the English Football League, and in the Scottish leagues.
Dan Jones, partner at Deloitte's Sport Business Group, said: "In a summer where the world's best players were on show at the World Cup we have again seen how Premier League clubs are able to successfully compete on a global stage in terms of attracting talent.
"We continue to see the increased resources that Premier League clubs enjoy, as a result of improved broadcast deals, translate into investment in players.
"Last season the average Premier League club received over £25m more in central broadcast distributions than they did in 2012/13, which has helped fuel a new record spend this summer."
Manchester United spent £150m on new talent in the window just closed - the highest ever gross spend by a Premier League club.
'Liquidity in market'
Simon Chadwick, professor of sport at Coventry University, said that Uefa's Financial Fair Play (FFP) rules might also be playing a part in the increased spending on transfers.
"It is ironic that we are seeing this spending given that FFP was supposed to bring a measure of caution to club spending," said Prof Chadwick.

DDA Housing Scheme 2014: More Forms to be Made Available at BanksFacebook Ready to Spend Billions to Bring Whole World Online: CEO Zuckerberg
New Delhi: The Delhi Development Authority (DDA) sold nearly 30,000 application forms on Monday, the first day of its biggest residential scheme for sale of 25,034 flats in the capital. The number does not include forms downloaded from the internet.
Application forms were not available at many designated banks yesterday, but the agency plans to sell 25,000 forms through each of the 13 authorised banks from today. (Also read: DDA Housing Scheme 2014: Should You Apply? )
These banks are Kotak Mahindra Bank, Axis Bank, State Bank of India, Punjab National Bank, Syndicate Bank, IndusInd Bank, Union Bank of India, IDBI Bank, ICICI Bank, Yes Bank, HDFC Bank, Corporation Bank and Central Bank of India. (Read: DDA Housing Scheme 2014 Opens: 10 Things to Know )
The DDA, which had initially printed 15 lakh application forms, plans to print 20 lakh forms because of the rush, media reports said.
DDA's website, which had crashed even before the launch of the scheme yesterday, was intermittently accessible today. (Read: DDA Site Crashes on Day 1 of Housing Scheme 2014 )
The last date of application is October 9, 2014. Draw of lots are expected to take place next month.
Story first published on: September 02, 2014 11:37 (IST)

Bajaj Auto s Motorcycle Sales Marginally Up in AugustFacebook Ready to Spend Billions to Bring Whole World Online: CEO Zuckerberg
Mumbai:
Bajaj Auto today reported 8 per cent increase in total sales in August at 3,36,840 units as against 3,12,188 units in the same month last year.
Motorcycle sales during the month stood at 2,84,302 units as against 2,78,583 units in August 2013, the company said in a statement.
Commercial vehicles sales were at 52,538 units as compared to 33,605 units in the same month last year, up 56 per cent.
Exports last month were up 21 per cent at 1,75,127 units as against 1,44,160 units in August 2013, the company said.
Bajaj Auto expects its total sales this month to touch four-lakh units mark, the statement added.
Story first published on: September 02, 2014 11:28 (IST)

BSE Sensex  Nifty continue to surge; IT & metals tad weakSep 02, 2014, 12.23 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
BSE Sensex, Nifty continue to surge; IT & metals tad weak
Cipla is up over 6 percent while Bharti, Sun Pharma, Hero and HDFC Bank are top gainers in the Sensex. Metals and IT stocks are seeing some but of profit booking. Among the losers are Sesa Sterlite, Tata Motors, HUL, Infosys and Wipro.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
BSE Sensex, Nifty continue to surge; IT & metals tad weak
Cipla is up over 6 percent while Bharti, Sun Pharma, Hero and HDFC Bank are top gainers in the Sensex. Metals and IT stocks are seeing some but of profit booking. Among the losers are Sesa Sterlite, Tata Motors, HUL, Infosys and Wipro.
Post your opinion here
11:09
Moneycontrol Bureau
11:40 am Buzzing: Investors lapped up more shares of Maruti Suzuki as Barclays raised target price on the stock by 9 percent to Rs 3,222 post strong August sales data. The stock gained as much as 1.7 percent to touch a record high of Rs 2,963.70.
The brokerage reiterates Maruti as its top pick with an overweight rating. "India's largest car maker continues to focus on its core strength of small cars, but it is also incrementally filling its product and segment gaps, highlighted by the launch of the Ciaz (A3 luxury) and its entry into SUVs and light commercial vehicle (LCV) segments. New products coupled with the marketing muscle of the company makes for a very strong competitive positioning," Barclays elaborates.
Maruti sold 1,10,776 lakh units in August, registering a growth of 27 percent over corresponding month of previous year and up 9 percent compared to 1.01 lakh units in previous month.
Don't miss: Jan Dhan yojna feasible, but unsure of costing: Ex-Bankers 
The market is still holding on its gains with both hands. The Sensex is up 75.96 points at 26943.51 and the Nifty is up 31.05 points at 8058.75. About 1579 shares have advanced, 827 shares declined, and 93 shares are unchanged.
Cipla is up over 6 percent while Bharti, Sun Pharma, Hero and HDFC Bank are top gainers in the Sensex. Metals and IT stocks are seeing some bit of profit booking. Among the losers are Sesa Sterlite, Tata Motors, HUL, Infosys and Wipro.
Rakesh Arora, Macquarie says the market has continued its march above 8,000 and we see further upside.
“GDP growth in Q1 was higher than consensus at 5.7 percent and the Finance Minister Arun Jaitley believes it will be on the rise. A positive resolution of the coal scam case could act as a catalyst. It's time to buy,” he adds.
On the macro front, current account deficit for the first quarter came in at 1.7 percent of GDP versus 4.8 percent a year ago. The number is largely in line with expectations but core sector growth slowed down to just 2.7 percent in July.
 

AIA Engineering investment opportunity: Kunj Bansal08:00 am
Kunj Bansal of Centrum Wealth Management told CNBC-TV18, " AIA Engineering is into high chrome mill internals. The stock is close to its 52 week high. The company is doing EBITDA of 20 percent plus which is a significant EBITDA margin."
"They invested in the capacity sometime back will now come in, so they ended March 2014 with Rs 2,000 crore turnover and in the next two years it is likely that they will touch Rs 3,000 crore turnover. So it will be 50 percent growth in next two years. Therefore, it is a good investment opportunity in the midcap space," he added.
At 11:02 hrs AIA Engineering was quoting at Rs 930.20, up Rs 46.60, or 5.27 percent. It has touched a 52-week high of Rs 943.
RELATED NEWS

State Bank of India may rise by Rs 100: Siddharth Bhamre08:00 am
Siddharth Bhamre, Head - Investment Advisory and Derivatives at Angel Broking told CNBC-TV18, " State Bank of India (SBI) has seen some long formation and cash-based volume yesterday. It has been consolidating with public sector undertakings (PSU) banks doing well, especially the midcaps. It would have a rub-off effect on PSU largecap banks."
"Bank Nifty has given a good breakout, SBI may give some good returns in the short term, again not very aggressive target but Rs 100 upside from current levels but short term traders for two to three days can keep their eye on SBI," he said.
RELATED NEWS

7 foods that can trigger acnePrev Next
Bread
If you’re prone to acne, baguettes, croissants, and all that other good stuff may make the situation worse. “Wheat causes inflammation,” Lipman says. “And to get rid of acne, you want to reduce inflammation in your body.” Yap Tan points out that many commercially produced breads also have sugar, soybean oil, and dairy: “You could eat an English muffin and unknowingly consume three big triggers: dairy, soy, and sugar.”
Bread
If you’re prone to acne, baguettes, croissants, and all that other good stuff may make the situation worse. “Wheat causes inflammation,” Lipman says. “And to get rid of acne, you want to reduce inflammation in your body.” Yap Tan points out that many commercially produced breads also have sugar, soybean oil, and dairy: “You could eat an English muffin and unknowingly consume three big triggers: dairy, soy, and sugar.”

Fire in Kolkata buildingFire in Kolkata building
Do not blame only Rahul Gandhi for defeat  we all took decisionsDo not blame only Rahul Gandhi for defeat  we all took decisions
Electronic payments spikeElectronic payments spike
Damani  Holland Expect Bull Run to Continue on Dalal StreetDamani  Holland Expect Bull Run to Continue on Dalal Street
India committed to peace: ModiIndia committed to peace: Modi
Indian shares seen lower on weak Asian stocks  current account deficitIndian shares seen lower on weak Asian stocks  current account deficit
Kate Upton calls nude pics leak  outrageous violation of privacyKate Upton calls nude pics leak  outrageous violation of privacy
Raju sony hihi i m not yash...& no it who i am.....make a guess &a...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Since it is small cap one mutual funds are doing their job. once the s...Gold Member
19 Followers
Since it is small cap one mutual funds are doing their job. Once the share moves to mid cap size they will reenter . This company has the potential to grow to mid as well as large cap size , Hold for a period of 5 years.
In reply to : BSE/NSE Announcer message
11.58 AM Sep 2nd

Niceworld pls accept my friend request on fbReposted about 4 days 2 hrs 19 min 54 sec ago by Jayarao
I am copy pasting my post in fb of 29th Aug 14:
"Hrly chart EW analysis:
Length of EW 1( 235-176.15) = 58.85.
If you see the hourly chart then it will be evident that it has formed a bullish engulfing candlestick pattern just above the 38.2% fibonacci retracement level.So there is very high probability of the reversal here.
Following are the targets of the hourly EW 3:-
100%(273.10)
So hoping for the best.
August 29 at 5:28pm · Like · 7"

Hamein 200-100 rupalli say nahin 1000-2000-3000 ooper aay talluk hai.Reposted about 4 days 4 hrs 40 min 50 sec ago by to the point
Brother!!
2009 se 2013 tak toh Merger ki intezar mein nikal gaye but thanks to all boarders at that time who shared their valueable views helped me to accumulate MSAT.
Merger ke baad mera LT target toh Mar`16 results hai lekin QoQ results per bhi pai-nee nazar rehti hai. Dekho naseeb kya deta hai.

Weak global cues  profit-taking pull gold futures down to Rs 27 860Weak global cues, profit-taking pull gold futures down to Rs 27,860
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 2:  
Amid a weak trend overseas and profit-booking by speculators, gold prices fell 0.26 per cent to Rs 27,860 per 10 grams at the futures trade today.
On the Multi Commodity Exchange, gold for delivery in October eased by Rs 74 or 0.26 per cent to Rs 27,860 per 10 grams in a business turnover of 346 lots.
Likewise, the metal for delivery in far-month December shed Rs 78 or 0.24 per cent to Rs 28,059 per 10 grams in 11 lots.
Analysts said besides profit-booking by speculators, a subdued trend in the overseas market as investors weighed the health of the global economy against tensions between Ukraine and Russia, put pressure on gold prices at the futures trade here.
Globally, gold traded 0.4 per cent lower at $1,280.41 an ounce in Singapore today.
(This article was published on September 2, 2014)

Fire at multi-storey building in Kolkata; no reports of deathFire at multi-storey building in Kolkata; no reports of death
Abhishek Law
Fire brigade personnel trying to douse the fire at 16th floor of Chatterjee International building in Kolkata on Tuesday morning. Photo: Ashoke Chakrabarty
Kolkata, Sept 2:  
A major fire broke out at a 24-storey high-rise building in central Kolkata area this morning.
According to sources, the fire broke out around 9 a.m. between the 12th and 15th floors of 24-floor Chatterjee International - once considered as the tallest building in Kolkata.
The building houses mostly offices and commercial establishments.
Around 15 fire tenders have been pressed into action to douse the flames. According to a senior official of Kolkata police, the fire has been doused.
According to State Disaster Management Minister, Javed Ahmed Khan, about seven people who were trapped inside the building have been rescued and three of them sent to the nearby state-run SSKM Hospital. There have been no reports of death.
Traffic along the Park Street - JL Nehru stretch (where the building is located) has been diverted and the area has been cordoned off.
(This article was published on September 2, 2014)

Getting black money back can hurt IndiaDGCA cracks down on Jet Airways, threatens to cancel licences of nearly 140 pilots
Last month, one of Jet Airways' planes plunged several thousand feet while flying over Turkey.

Do not blame only Rahul Gandhi for defeatDGCA cracks down on Jet Airways, threatens to cancel licences of nearly 140 pilots
Last month, one of Jet Airways' planes plunged several thousand feet while flying over Turkey.

K Chandrasekhar Rao s Telangana govt to add 230-cr plants  boost tree cover by 8 per centDGCA cracks down on Jet Airways, threatens to cancel licences of nearly 140 pilots
Last month, one of Jet Airways' planes plunged several thousand feet while flying over Turkey.

South Mumbai goes dark after electricity supply faltersBS Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 02, 2014
Last Updated at 11:34 AM IST
Rotational power cuts in Mumbai imposed after 500 MW unit fails
Tata Power has imposed load shedding in Chembur, Juhu, Bandra, Kurla, Santa Cruz, Ghatkopar, Saki Naka, Tilak Nagar and Vikhroli
All of south Mumbai and parts of central Mumbai are without power today after a unit of Tata Power tripped. 
The power outage, which started at about 9:45 a.m., has been partially restored in some areas. The Brihanmumbai Electricity Supply and Transport (BEST), which supplies electricity to the island city attributed it to a trip in Tata Power's Unit No. 5, which provides about 500 MW of power to south and central Mumbai, which are home to some of India's largest corporate houses. 
In a statement released in the afternoon, Tata Power said the power supply was affected due to tripping of Unit #5 of Trombay Power Station. "This tripping has resulted in load reduction of Parel, Mahalaxmi, Dharavi, Chembur and Grant Road area of Mumbai to control loading on 220Kv Khargar - Nerul – Sonkar - Trombay tie line," the company said, adding that it was working on an early resolution.  
Reliance Power, which also takes electricity from Tata and sells it to some Mumbai areas, tweeted that Tata Power has imposed rotational load shedding in Chembur, Bandra, Kurla, Santa Cruz, Ghatkopar, Tikar Nagar, Vikhroli, Saki Naka and Juhu. 
IMPORTANT: Power restoration information: 02- Sept 2014 pic.twitter.com/KvFcghXuMg
— Reliance Energy (@Reliance_Energy) September 2, 2014
Several people are reportedly stuck in high-rises after elevators shut down because of a lack of backup power supply or generators.  
In a tweet, Anand Mahindra, chairman of the Mahindra group, said the power cut was likely because of a coal shortage. Mahindra Towers in Worli, which houses the corporate offices of the group, was also without power. 
Dark office in Mumbai.Lights out in the whole area.The coal crisis is beginning to literally show its dark side.A threat to the India story
— anand mahindra (@anandmahindra) September 2, 2014
(For the latest developments on the Mumbai power cuts, follow us on Twitter @bsindia)
 

Sensex up nearly 100 points; pharma and financials rallySI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 02, 2014
Last Updated at 02:10 PM IST
Nifty hits 8,100 while Sensex holds 27,000
HDFC twins, Cipla and Sun Pharma were the top gainers
Markets extended gains in noon trades with the Nifty touching the 8,100 levels in noon deals while Sensex held on above 27,000 levels.
_________________________
(Update at 1410 hrs)
Markets are trading firm in the noon trades on sustained buying in financials, auto and pharma shares. Strength in the Asian markets have further boosted the sentiments of the investors.
 
At 1: 22PM, the 30-share Sensex is up 152 points at 27,020 and the 50-share Nifty is at 8,082 up 55 points.
 
Top Sensex gainers include, HDFC Bank, HDFC,  Cipla and Sun Pharma among others. 
 
The broader markets are outperforming the benchmark indices- BSE Midcap and Small indices have gained by over 1% each.
Punj Lloyd is locked in 5% upper circuit at Rs 39.65 on National Stock Exchange on reports that the company is planning to sell its stake in Gurgaon-based multi specialty hospital Medanta Medicity Hospitals to cut its debt.
__________________________________________________________________________________________________-
(updated at 12.25 PM)
Markets firmed up in noon trades with the Sensex hitting nearly 27,000 led by pharma and financial shares.
At 12:25PM, the 30-share Sensex was up 26,983 up 115 points and the 50-share Nifty was at 8,069 up 41 points.
Top Sensex gainers include, HDFC Bank, HDFC,  Cipla and Sun Pharma among others.
_________________________________
(Updated at 11:30AM)
Markets are maintaining the upward march with financial and heathcare stocks contributing the most to the gains on the Sensex. The sentiment of the market participants boosted on sustained capital infusion supported with firm GDP growth data quoting at 5.7% for the April-June quarter and sharp decline in the CAD which dropped to 1.7% of GDP.
 
By 11.30, the Sensex is higher by 95 points at 26,963 mark and the Nifty has gained by 34 points to trade at 8,062 levels.
 
The market cheered after Tokyo announced doubling of its investments in India and committed itself to putting Rs 2,10,000 crore, in the country's public and private sector projects over the next five years.
 
Overseas investors bought shares worth 5.54 billion rupees on Monday, provisional exchange data showed.
 
Rupee:
 
The rupee is trading at 60.66/67 versus Monday's close of 60.5250/5350, tracking weaker emerging Asian currencies after US Labour Day holiday on Monday.
 
Current account deficit for this financial year’s first quarter, April to June,  narrowed sharply to 1.7% of gross domestic product ($7.8 billion) from 4.8% of GDP ($21.8 bn) in the corresponding period of 2013-14. However, it was up sequentially.
 
Asian Markets:
 
Asian shares slipped on Tuesday as a U.S. holiday robbed markets of momentum, while the euro hit a fresh one-year low on uncertainty over the European Central Bank's policy decision later this week. Hang Seng is down 0.3%.
 
Tokyo's Nikkei bucked the trend and rose 1.5%, with a planned cabinet reshuffle by Prime Minister Shinzo Abe helping fuel reform hopes.
 
Sectors & Stocks:
 
On the sectoral front, BSE Healthcare index is leading the rally up 1.7% followed by Consumer durables, Realty and Teck indices. However, IT, Capital Goods and Metal indices are losing sheen on the BSE down between 0.1-0.7%.
 
In the Pharma space, Cipla is the leading the rally up nearly 7% after the pharmaceutical firm launched an anti-asthma inhaler in Germany and Sweden that is a generic version of GlaxoSmithKline Plc's Advair. Following the tandem, drug maker Sun Pharma has gained 2.6%. However, Dr Reddy’s Lab is trading marginally in green.
 
Stocks of auto companies continued their rising streak on the back of strong  domestic car sales numbers  for the month of August. Hero Motocorp, Bajaj Auto, Maruti Suzuki and M&M have gained between 0.1-2.5%. However, Tata Motors is down 1.4% after it reported 17.59% decline in total sales at 40,883 units in August, 2014 as against 49,611 units in the same month last year.
 
Bharti Airtel has moved higher by 3% on the BSE extending its previous day’s gain after the company said it's arm signed an agreement to acquire over 2.7 million subscribers of yuMobile. 
 
In the financial segment, HDFC twins, Axis Bank, ICICI Bank and SBI are trading higher between 0.3-1.4%.
 
ITC, BHEL and TCS are some of the notable names in green among others.
 
On the flip side, metal stocks are losing sheen in the late morning trades with Sesa Sterlite, Hindalco, Tata Steel and Coal India trading down between 0.4-1.3% shrugging off the government's request to the apex court not to cancel the permits for 46 coal blocks.
 
On similar lines, power stocks are trading down. Tata Power and NTPC have lost 0.3%.
 
Fresh selling is evident in the technology pack. IT majors Infosys and Wipro have declined 0.7% each.
 
HUL, ONGC and L&T are some of the prominent names in red among others.
 
Among other shares, TVS Motor Company is trading higher by 3% at Rs 200 on National Stock Exchange after reporting a robust 46% year-on-year (yoy) growth in total sales in the month of August 2014 to 227,482 units. The company had sold 155,532 units in the same month last year.
 
The broader markets are outperforming the benchmark indices- BSE Midcap and Small indices have gained by 0.8% and 1% each.
 
The market breadth on the BSE is firm with 1,610 shares advancing and 868 shares declining.
 Advertisements

Hero MotoCorp hits record high on strong Aug salesSI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 02, 2014
Last Updated at 11:25 AM IST
Hero MotoCorp hits record high on strong Aug sales
The company reported 21% rise in its total sales during August 2014 at 5,58,609 units
Shares of Hero MotoCorp were up nearly 2% at Rs 2,803 after hitting a record high of Rs 2,819 as the company late Monday reported 21% rise in its total sales during August 2014 at 5,58,609 units.
The country's largest two-wheeler maker had sold 4,59,996 units in August 2013, Hero MotoCorp said in a release to the stock exchange.
"Riding on the strong demand for its range of products from customers, Hero MotoCorp reported robust sales of the month of August, thereby setting the platform the upcoming festive season.", the release said.
The company said it will keep up with the growth momentum for the festive season with "as many as 10 new launches - including new models, upgrades and refreshes" during this period.
The stock opened at Rs 2,776 and touched a record high of Rs 2,819 so far. Over 247,000 shares were traded on both the stock exchanges so far.
 Advertisements

FT series: Teutonic shiftsSeptember 1, 2014 3:28 pm
Working pensioners offer Germany a boost
By Chris Bryant in Frankfurt
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5c438386-245b-11e4-ae78-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Germanys working pensioners offer the economy a boostSeptember 1, 2014 3:28 pm
Working pensioners offer Germany a boost
By Chris Bryant in Frankfurt
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5c438386-245b-11e4-ae78-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Frustrated Palestinians make case to UNSeptember 1, 2014 5:47 pm
Palestinians to turn to UN amid frustration with peace process
By John Reed in Jerusalem
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/07c96e6e-31e5-11e4-b377-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

PM says  DNA of non-violence engrained in Indian societyNarendra Modi says DNA of non-violence engrained in Indian society
Ajay Kaul     Tokyo   Last Updated: September 2, 2014  | 12:42 IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi gestures as he gives a speech in front of students at the University of the Sacred Heart in Tokyo
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tueday sought to address concerns of international community over India not signing the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT) by saying that the country's commitment to peace and non-violence is engrained in the DNA of Indian society which is above any international treaty or processes.
India is a land of Lord Buddha. Buddha lived for peace and suffered for peace and that message is prevalent in India, Modi said at Sacred Heart University in Tokyo while replying to a question by a student.
During an interaction, he was asked how India would enhance trust of the international community without changing its stand on NPT, which it has refused to sign despite possessing nuclear weapons.
Modi used the land of Japan, which is the only country to have been the victim of an atom bomb attack, to send out the message on this issue amid moves to have a civil nuclear deal with Tokyo.
India refuses to sign the NPT because it considers it as flawed. Asserting that India's commitment to non-violence is total, Modi said it is engrained in the DNA of Indian society and this is above any international treaty, apparently referring to Indias refusal to sign the NPT.
In international affairs, there are some processes. But above them is the commitment of the society, he said, underlining the need for rising above the treaties. To buttress his point, the Prime Minister cited how India undertook the freedom struggle under the leadership of Mahatma Gandhi with the entire society being committed to non-violence, surprising the whole world.
He went on to add that India, for thousands of years, has had the belief in 'vasudhaiva kutumbakam' (the whole world is one family). When we consider the whole world as one family, how can we even think about doing anything that would harm or hurt anyone?
The question was asked in the context of India recently ratifying the Additional Protocol on Safeguards Agreement signed with International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), that will allow inspectors of the atomic watchdog easy access to India's civil nuclear facilities.
During the interactive session, the Prime Minister was asked by another student about how peace could be pursued in Asia despite China's expansionist designs. You seemed to be troubled a lot by China, he quipped while addressing the student amid his observation that they were asking questions like journalists. Speaking further, he carefully avoided any direct answer to the question and merely said, India is a democratic country.
Similarly, Japan is also a democratic country. If India and Japan together think about peace and positive things, we can make the world realise the strength of a democracy. We should focus on progress and development instead of paying attention to others. If we pay attention to our situation, our condition will be better.
He then narrated an imaginary story. Imagine, there is darkness in a room. Someone goes inside with a broom to remove the darkness but he will fail. Another person goes inside with a sword to remove darkness. He will also fail. Another person goes with blanket to remove darkness, but he will also fail. Then a wise man goes with a small lamp, the darkness will be chased away. A lamp peace, prosperity and democracy will never be scared of darkness.
Modi, who virtually turned into a professor at the university, also gave a lesson to the Japanese students on Indian ethos in terms of respecting the nature when asked how a rapidly-growing India would preserve ecology while pursuing sources of energy.
India is such a country where people love and communicate with nature, he said. In this context, he said earth is respected as mother, moon is treated as 'mama' (uncle), sun and Himalayas as grandfather, rivers as mother while trees are worshipped like God.
Let me tell you my own story. I come from a poor family. My uncle once started wood business but my illiterate mother told him that it is a sin to cut trees and the family would rather prefer to starve, Modi said. He said if such is the treatment given to nature, then Indians can't harm the climate.
Referring to the terminology of Climate Change, Modi questioned whether it is correct. Is it climate change or habit change. Our habits have changed and we are fighting the nature. We should rather have communication with nature. He then suggested the students to read his book 'Convenient Action' on climate.
Earlier, he told the assembly of all girls about the status of women in India, saying they are worshipped as goddesses in various forms. India is the only country which has gods in the shape of female, he said.
Coining his sentence in the context of a Cabinet, he said education is linked to Goddess Saraswati, finance to Goddess Laxmi, Security and Home Affairs to Goddess Mahakali and Food Security to Devi Annapurna.
He also pointed out that women have 33 per cent reservation in local bodies in India. He talked about his personal attachment to the girls education.
In this context, he stated that while leaving Gujarat when he became the Prime Minister, he had auctioned all the gifts he had got during his 14-year tenure as Chief Minister. Rs 78 crore were collected and it was deposited in the government treasury for use for girls education.
At the university, Modi posed for a 'selfie' with a small group of Indians who were excited on seeing him.
(PTI)

Real estate stocks ride on economic recoveryStory
Coming full circle
Real estate stocks seem set to recover as the sector tries to come out of the slowdown
Rahul Oberoi      Follow @iamrahuloberoi    Edition: September 2014
Coming full circle
The fortunes of the real estate industry seem to be turning for the better. There are many reasons for this. One, hope of political stability has improved investor/business confidence. Two, the Union budget has given a push to real estate investment trusts, or REITs, and increased tax benefits on housing loans. REITs work like mutual funds. They pool in money from a number of small investors and invest in real estate.
This is amply reflected in prices of real estate stocks. This financial year, till August 4, the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Realty index had risen 30% to 1,893. It was at 1,456 on April 1. The BSE Sensex rose 14% during the period.
Some stocks such as Vipul rose 330% to Rs 21.90, followed by Simplex Projects (280% to Rs 60.25), Welspun Projects (199% to Rs 32), National Building Construction Corporation (186% to Rs 452.55) and Brigade Enterprises (128% to Rs 138.70).
Out of 105 real estate stocks that trade on the BSE, only 12 have fallen during the period. These include Patidar Buildcon (down 84% to Rs 26), Regaliaa Realty (53% to Rs 6.52), Ritesh Properties & Industries (25% to Rs 9.39) and Lok Housing & Construction (8% to Rs 13.60).
"The demand for real estate has risen in the last two months. The demand for housing loans is also up. The fact that this happened in May and June, the traditionally sluggish months, indicates that the industry is poised to see good times," says VK Vijayakumar, investment strategist, Geojit BNP Paribas Financial Services.
According to the Reserve Bank of India, the amount of housing loans, including for priority sector housing, rose 3.20% from Rs 5,45,100 crore in April 2014 to Rs 5,63,100 crore in June 2014.
STORY SO FAR
The real estate sector has been facing a slowdown since the end of 2009. The BSE Realty index has fallen over 57% from November 2009 to April this year. One big reason for this is high inflation, which has precluded the possibility of cut in interest rates. Lower interest rates increase demand for houses by encouraging people to take home loans. They also lower builders' borrowing cost.
Karandev Singh Kamra, senior equity research analyst, WealthRays Securities, says, "Demand for office space was poor in the last few quarters due to weak economic environment. Also, high inventory levels capped rentals. These factors lowered investor confidence."
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS
A lot of positives have emerged for the sector with the new government coming to power. Other than giving incentives to REITs , the government has decided to build 100 smart cities. For this, it has allocated Rs 7,600 crore in the Union Budget. The government has already started the groundworkfor building these cities. According to reports, it has started holding meetings with various stakeholders in this regard. Besides, the Budget has allocated Rs 12,000 crore to the National Housing Board, which regulates housing finance companies, of which Rs 4,000 crore will be for affordable housing.
"The Budget will be beneficial for developers by providing funds and lowering their borrowing cost," says Kamra.
The tax pass-through status to REITS will help investors avoid double taxation. Tax pass-through means that gains from REIT investments will be taxed in the hands of investors. "Also, lower inflation numbers have increased expectations of a rate cut in the next six-nine months, maybe even earlier, which will augur well for the sector. Extra tax benefits for borrowers is positive from the demand perspective," says Kamra.
30% is the rise in the Bombay Stock Exchange Realty Index in the ongoing Financial Year till August 4
THINGS TO WATCH
Factors one must check while investing in a real estate company are its sales volume and balance-sheet strength vis-Ã -vis operations. Most developers give details of operations on their websites. Consistency in sales, project execution and cash flow generation are the key to evaluating a real estate company.
Aashiesh Agarwaal, vice president, wholesale capital markets, Edelweiss Financial Services, says, "Another useful metric is the net debt-to-EBITDA (operating profit) multiple. Investors can use it to understand the strength of operations compared to the balance sheet. However, investors must keep in mind that real estate accounting is unique and reported EBITDA may not be the most accurate representation of current operations. Finally, most real estate stocks are a play on underlying asset values and, hence, it is important that you buy them at a good discount to their fair value." EBITDA stands for earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation.
Sandeep Raina, senior research analyst, Edelweiss Finance, says, "I look at management quality, balance sheet, cash flow and ability of sell, deliver and execute."
VK Vijayakumar of Geojit BNP says one has to be selective and buy shares of companies that have a proven record, good execution skills and low debt. Land bank, debt, project pipeline and execution skills are the key factors, he says.
HURDLES TO CROSS
The demand for real estate, residential as well as commercial, usually moves in tandem with economic growth. That is why economic slowdown over the past couple of years has hit demand badly. But with new projects being launched unabated, unsold inventory is piling up.
Kamra of WealthRays Securities says, "Poor sales and inventory build-up have created a cash crunch for developers. Banks have become cautious about lending to the sector. This means small developers have to access funds from non-banking finance companies and private equity players at a high cost, sometimes as much as 30%. Even big developers such as DLF have sold land to cut debt."
With inflation not coming down as expected, interest rates have been increased, putting a burden on developers as well as home buyers. This has accentuated the problem of poor demand and high cost. Inflation and Realty index are inversely correlated. Edelweiss estimates 75 basis points cut in interest rates between now and the end of 2015-16. According to the research house, 100 basis points dip in interest rates will boost affordability by 7%, leading to more transactions.
Parikshit Kandpal, research analyst, real estate, Karvy Stock Broking, says some major issues in the sector are late approvals, shortage of good developers, high prices, opaqueness in client dealing, execution delays and bureaucratic hurdles.
Valuation
The BSE Realty index is the only index that has not recovered from the lows touched during the 2008 crisis. The index, which touched 2,270 on June 9 this year, after rising from below 1,250 in March, is now back around 1,900. It touched a high of 13,647.15 on 14 January 2008 and fell to 1,303 on 9 March 2009. Some individual real estate stocks have completely wiped off investor wealth during the period.
"Despite the recent spurt in prices, valuations of real estate stocks are attractive. One can look at buying at present valuations," says Raina of Edelweiss. On August 4, shares of Anant Raj, Godrej Properties, HDIL, Mahindra Lifespace Developers, Omaxe, Phoenix Mills and Sobha Developers were trading at price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio of 20.72, 36.20, 13.75, 10.66, 39.43, 33.41 and 20.77, respectively. The industry P/E was 30.78 that day. P/E ratio is a valuation measure that shows how much the market is willing to pay for a stock vis a vis the company's earnings per share.
ROAD AHEAD
The real estate sector is now in a much better position to ride the economic recovery. Leading developers are sharpening focus on execution (have hired specialised third-party contractors, adopted modern technology), while cutting debt by selling assets and focusing on operating cash flow.
According to an Edelweiss report released in May, over the past four-six quarters, developers have focused relentlessly on debt reduction, largely through asset monetisation. For instance, DLF has sold Rs 7,100 crore worth of assets, while Jaypee Infratech has sold land parcels for Rs 1,600 crore. Purvanakara and Brigade have raised Rs 330 crore and Rs 180 crore, respectively, through this route. Mahindra Lifespace has sold a plot of land for Rs 320 crore and Godrej Properties has raised a total of Rs 700 crore. The sector's debt-equity ratio is now a manageable 0.7.
In the year ended March 2014, sales of companies in the BSE Realty index rose 10.82%. The overall net profit declined 5.15%. Net sales of Phoenix Mills jumped the most by 208% to Rs 1,449 crore. It was followed by Indiabulls Real Estate (33.93% to Rs 1,727 crore) and Prestige Estates Projects (29.13% to Rs 2492 crore). Net profits of DB Realty, HDIL and Phoenix Mills surged 274.96% to Rs 17.88 crore, 141.53% to Rs 177.69 crore and 126.8% to Rs 184.44 crore, respectively, in 2013-14.
"We expect 20-25% growth in revenue and net profit in this financial year," says, Raina.
STOCKS YOU CAN BET ON
Oberoi Realty: This low-debt company has an edge over others. Its consolidated debt-to-equity ratio stood at 0.02% on March 31. Oberoi Realty has finalised Ritz Carlton as Worli Hotel operator and plans to launch the Worli project, as expected in the first half of 2014-15. It is planning to launch Mulund (3.5 million square feet or msf) and Borivali (3.5 msf) projects in the second half of the financial year. The ticket size for Borivali will be Rs 2 crore per unit. For Mulund, it will be Rs 3 crore per unit.
Kandpal of Karvy Stock Broking says, "Our channel checks with local brokers suggest strong buying interest. These launches shall provide the much-needed visibility on pre-sales. The success of the launch will be a key trigger for re-rating of the stock."
The other key positives for the company are huge land bank, good brand recall and easier access to finance.
"We expect Oberoi Realty to capture market shareoutside its home location and deliver above industry average growth. We value its residential real estate at Rs 161 per share, commercial annuity assets at Rs 111 per share and others at Rs 24 per share. We believe that the near-term catalysts are: (i) Mulund & Worli launch; (ii) success of foray outside Mumbai & (iii) new land acquisition. The stock can touch Rs 296 in the next 12 months," says, Kandpal. On August 4, it was at Rs 252.15.
Sobha Developers:The company has proven competence in execution. It has a strong balance sheet and decent land bank in high-growth locations. It has also succeeded in reducing its debt. As on March 2014, its debt-to-equity ratio was 0.61 as against 1.78 in March 2009.
Most real estate stocks are a play on underlying asset values and, hence, it is important that you buy them at a good discount to their fair value, says Aashiesh agarwaal, Vice President, Wholesale Capital Markets at Edelweiss Financial Services
Vijayakumar of Geojit BNP Paribas says, "Even though the stock has run up quite a bit, long-term investors can expect 25% annual return over the next two years. It is quoting at 12 times 2015-16 earnings."
Raina of Edelweiss is also bullish on the stock. "We see a 50% upside over the next two years." On August 4, the stock was at Rs 437.45.
Kolte Patil: The company expects to get approvals for 28.3 msf over 2014-15. This lends visibility to 2014-15 to 2016-17 pre-sales guidance of 12 msf at an average realisation of Rs 6,000 per square feet. The icing on the cake is that the launches are from its existing land inventory. The company does not plan to acquire new land in 2014-15.
Kolte Patil has said that the Sanjivani Township, Urse (near Pune), has got 'locational clearance' for Phase 1, which is a major milestone. The environmental clearance is expected in the July-September quarter. "We are bullish on Kolte Patil. It seems it the stock can touch Rs 245 in the next 24 months," says Kandpal. On August 4, it was at Rs 152.85.
Prestige Estates: Prestige reported good results in 2013-14, a difficult year. Top line and bottom line grew 30% and 10%, respectively. This year is expected to be better. The company has launched its flagship project, Falcon City (4.6 msf), and generated sales of Rs 980 crore. This accounted for 75% of pre-sales in April-June 2014 of 2.1 msf (Rs 1,300 crore) v/s 0.99 msf (Rs 600 crore) in January-March 2014. With this, it met its 30% of 2014-15 pre-sales guidance in the first quarter itself. The management has hinted at continuation of demand strength in the second quarter of 2014-15, along with launch of four-five projects (total launch guidance of 14-16 msf) in Bangalore and Hyderabad.
0.7% is the current debt-toequity ratio of real estate companies, which experts say is quite manageable
Even though the stock has doubled from its recent lows, it is attractively priced at 20 times trailing earningsVijayakumar says, "Since it will be reasonable to expect 30 % earnings growth this year, a 25% upside can be expected in the stock in one year."
One has to be selective and buy shares of companies with proven record, good execution skills and low debt, says VK Vijayakumar, Investment Strategist, Geojit BNP Financial Services
Indiabulls Real Estate: The stock tested Rs 110 in June and is now in the Rs 75-80 range. Karma of WealthRays Securities says, "One can take positions in Indiabulls Real Estate with a target of 15-20% price appreciation. The price correction makes it attractive with the REIT option raising the possibility of lowering of financing costs, which have greatly impacted its performance. The company has also turned its eye abroad by buying a property in Central London."

No military solution to Ukraine crisis  UN chief warnsBan stressed there should be a political dialogue for a political solution. ( Source: Express Archive )
Agence-France Presse | Kiev |     September 2, 2014 12:00 pm
UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon warned Western powers on Tuesday “there is no military solution” to the Ukraine crisis, after the government in Kiev accused Russia of launching a “great war”. As NATO prepares to upgrade its combat readiness in eastern Europe, Ban said he was greatly concerned at developments in Ukraine and wanted to avoid further deterioration to “a very chaotic and dangerous situation”.
“I know the European Union, the Americans and most of the Western countries are discussing very seriously among themselves how to handle this matter,” he said during a visit to New Zealand. “What is important at this time is that they should know there is no military solution in this. There should be a political dialogue for a political solution, that is the more sustainable way,” Ban stressed.
His comments came after European-mediated talks on the fast-escalating crisis opened on Monday behind closed doors in the Belarussian capital Minsk, attended by Ukraine government, separatist and Russian envoys. The rebels have launched a major counter-offensive in
recent days that the Ukrainian government and its Western allies claim is backed by Russian forces — a charge Moscow denies.
Ukraine’s Defence Minister Valeriy Geletey vowed yesterday to “immediately mount defences against Russia, which is trying not only to secure positions held by terrorists before but to advance on other territories of Ukraine”. “A great war arrived at our doorstep, the likes of which Europe has not seen since World War II,” he wrote on Facebook, warning of “tens of thousands of deaths”.
Russian agencies quoted rebel representatives at the Belarus meeting demanding that Kiev provide the separatist regions of Donetsk and Lugansk with a “unique procedure” that would let them integrate closer with Russia. The developments came a day after Russian President Vladimir Putin said for the first time that the issue of “statehood” should be discussed in talks on the crisis in the east, where fighting has killed more than 2,600 people since mid-April.
Incoming EU chief diplomat Italian Foreign Minister Federica Mogherini will on Tuesday outline to the European parliament’s foreign affairs committee her view of the Ukraine crisis along with other international issues. On the ground, Kiev said its forces south of the rebel hub of Lugansk were forced to retreat from the local airfield and a nearby village after withstanding artillery fire and fighting a Russian tank battalion.

High School Musical team reunitesPress Trust of India | Los Angeles |     September 2, 2014 11:53 am
Eight years after the original ‘High School Musical’ aired on TV, many of the cast and crew of the hit movie got together for a special reunion.
Director Kenny Ortega, choreographer Chucky Klapow, and stars Vanessa Hudgens, Ashley Tisdale, Monique Coleman, and Corbin Bleu all gathered for a dinner in Los Angeles last weekend, reported Us magazine.
The reunion was in honour of superfan Camilla Simon, who won a special Prizeo contest and was given the opportunity to spend the evening with the Disney stars. “‘Kenny’s Angels’ giving so much face.
There would be no ‘us’ without this guy! He brings the magic Thx KO for being the glue. Love you,” former ‘Dancing With the Stars’ contestant Coleman, who played book smart Taylor McKessie in HSM, captioned one photo with famed director Ortega.

Indore: 24-year-old techie commits suicidePress Trust of India | Indore |     September 2, 2014 11:44 am
A 24-year-old woman software engineer, who was apparently suffering from depression, allegedly committed suicide at her house, police said today.
Deepa Radariya, originally from Mumbai and working at a software firm here for the last six months, yesterday hanged herself at her apartment in Ahinsa tower on MG Road, Tukoganj police station in-charge Dilip Singh Choudhary said.
The woman used to live in the apartment along with her colleague Sneha, he said.
Deepa used to get depressed even over small issues, the police officer said quoting her friend. She was not keeping well for the last three-four days. Sneha wanted to stay at home to take care of her, but Deepa forced her to attend office, he said.
On Monday, when Sneha called Deepa from office, the latter did not respond. Later, Sneha reached home and when her friend did not open the door even after repeated knocking, she called the neighbours who broke open the door and found Deepa hanging, Choudhary said.
The software professional was immediately rushed to hospital where she was declared dead, he said. A case has been registered and a detailed investigation was on, the police officer added.

Pleasant morning in DelhiPrint
PTI | New Delhi |     September 2, 2014 11:28 am
Delhiites, on Tuesday, woke up to a pleasant morning with the weatherman predicting light rains in some parts of the national capital. According to MeT department, the minimum temperature was recorded at 26.3 degrees Celsius on Tuesday while the maximum is expected to settle at around 34 degrees Celsius.
An official of the department said that humidity and rainfall were recorded at 78 per cent and 0.4 mm till 8.30 AM on Tuesday. “Light rains or thunder showers may occur in some areas of the national capital later in the day,” said an official. On Monday, the maximum temperature had settled at 35.3 degrees Celsius, which was a notch above normal and minimum was recorded at 24.6 degrees, two notches below normal.

New ray of hope for death row convicts  SC allows fresh plea for open court hearingA plea against death sentence will now be heard by a three-judge bench in open court.
Written by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi |     September 2, 2014 11:46 am
Giving a fresh ray of hope for several death-row convicts, including 1993 Mumbai serial blasts case convict Yakub Abdul Razak Memon , the Supreme Court on Tuesday ruled that their review petitions against the verdict upholding the death sentence will now be heard by a three-judge bench in open court.
A Constitution bench headed by Chief Justice R M Lodha said that all the death row convicts, whose review petitions have already been rejected but their sentence has not been executed, may file fresh petitions for an open court hearing of their review pleas within a month and they will be heard for at least half-an-hour.
However, in the cases, where the curative petition has already been decided, the death row convict will not have this opportunity to avail the same.
The constitution bench verdict came on a batch of petitions seeking that their plea for the recall of verdict upholding their death sentence should be heard in the open court by a three judges bench.
As of now the review plea of death row convicts were being considered by the judges in their chambers through circulation.
By its order, the court decided a batch of petitions, filed by eight death-row convicts, including Yakub Abdul Razak Memon, convicted in the 1993 Mumbai serial blasts case, and Red Fort Attack case convict Mohd Arif. While Arif’s curative petition has already been rejected, Memon has not exhausted this remedy.
The court had in June stayed the execution of Memon, who is the brother of Ibrahim Memon, better known as Tiger Memon, the alleged mastermind and the prime accused who is absconding in the blast case.
President Pranab Mukherjee had in April rejected the mercy petition of Memon and the decision was left to the Maharashtra government for fixing the execution date.
Memon is lodged in the high-security ward of Nagpur jail. In March last year, the SC had confirmed the death sentence awarded to Memon, holding him guilty of being the “driving spirit” behind the blasts that killed 257 people, while commuting the death sentence awarded to 10 others to life imprisonment till their death. The court had said that Memon’s “commanding position and the crime of utmost gravity” warranted capital punishment. Memon then moved a clemency petition before the President in October last year.
A chartered accountant by profession, Memon was arrested in 1994. Gangster Dawood Ibrahim is also an accused in the case. The government had recommended rejection of Memon’s mercy petition on the ground that it was an act of terrorism and did not qualify for pardon.
While staying his execution, the court had tagged his plea with a petition by Lashkar-e-Toiba terrorist Mohd Arif alias Ashfaq, who was convicted in the 2000 Red Fort attack case, in which three people, including two Army personnel, continued…

No military solution  to Ukraine crisis  UN chief warnsBan stressed there should be a political dialogue for a political solution. ( Source: Express Archive )
Agence-France Presse | Kiev |     September 2, 2014 12:00 pm
UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon warned Western powers on Tuesday “there is no military solution” to the Ukraine crisis, after the government in Kiev accused Russia of launching a “great war”. As NATO prepares to upgrade its combat readiness in eastern Europe, Ban said he was greatly concerned at developments in Ukraine and wanted to avoid further deterioration to “a very chaotic and dangerous situation”.
“I know the European Union, the Americans and most of the Western countries are discussing very seriously among themselves how to handle this matter,” he said during a visit to New Zealand. “What is important at this time is that they should know there is no military solution in this. There should be a political dialogue for a political solution, that is the more sustainable way,” Ban stressed.
His comments came after European-mediated talks on the fast-escalating crisis opened on Monday behind closed doors in the Belarussian capital Minsk, attended by Ukraine government, separatist and Russian envoys. The rebels have launched a major counter-offensive in
recent days that the Ukrainian government and its Western allies claim is backed by Russian forces — a charge Moscow denies.
Ukraine’s Defence Minister Valeriy Geletey vowed yesterday to “immediately mount defences against Russia, which is trying not only to secure positions held by terrorists before but to advance on other territories of Ukraine”. “A great war arrived at our doorstep, the likes of which Europe has not seen since World War II,” he wrote on Facebook, warning of “tens of thousands of deaths”.
Russian agencies quoted rebel representatives at the Belarus meeting demanding that Kiev provide the separatist regions of Donetsk and Lugansk with a “unique procedure” that would let them integrate closer with Russia. The developments came a day after Russian President Vladimir Putin said for the first time that the issue of “statehood” should be discussed in talks on the crisis in the east, where fighting has killed more than 2,600 people since mid-April.
Incoming EU chief diplomat Italian Foreign Minister Federica Mogherini will on Tuesday outline to the European parliament’s foreign affairs committee her view of the Ukraine crisis along with other international issues. On the ground, Kiev said its forces south of the rebel hub of Lugansk were forced to retreat from the local airfield and a nearby village after withstanding artillery fire and fighting a Russian tank battalion.

Narendra Modi addresses university students in Tokyopicture  others
Narendra Modi addresses university students in Tokyo
Prime Minister Narendra Modi who is currently on a 5-day tour to Japan delivered a lecture at the University of the Sacred Heart in Tokyo, on Tuesday (September 2). (Source: AP Photo)
Narendra Modi’s visit to Japan is being watched keenly across the world. (Source: AP Photo)
On Monday, the PM sought to take the bilateral ties between India and Japan to a new level. (Source: AP Photo)
Narendra Modi, left, shakes hands with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe after a Japan-India Joint press conference at Akasaka State Guesthouse in Tokyo Monday. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi with Japanese business leaders, left to right, Hasegawa (Keizai Doyukai), Sakakibara (Keidaanren), Mimura (JCCI) and Kobayashi (Japan Foreign Trade Council) at a luncheon hosted by Japan Business Federation in Tokyo on Monday. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi shakes hands with Japanese Minister of Foreign Affairs Fumio Kishida at a meeting in Tokyo on Monday. (Source: PTI)
Narendra Modi, second right, and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, left, talk during their meeting at the Akasaka State Guesthouse in Tokyo Monday.
Modi who was on his official visit to Japan, courted Japan's government and business leaders Monday, winning pledges of help for his effort to revitalize the lagging Indian economy. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi drinks a bowl of green tea during a tea ceremony at a tea hut of the Omotesenke, one of the main schools of Japanese tea ceremony, in Tokyo Monday (September 1). Modi was on his official visit to Japan. (Source: AP)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, second right, drinks a bowl of rea as Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, right, looks on during a tea ceremony at a tea hut of the Omotesenke, one of the main schools of Japanese tea ceremony, in Tokyo. (Source: AP)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, right, eat tea cakes during a tea ceremony at a tea hut of the Omotesenke, one of the main schools of Japanese tea ceremony, in Tokyo. (Source: AP)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is introduced by Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, second left, to Japanese Finance Minister Taro Aso during a welcome ceremony at Akasaka State Guesthouse in Tokyo Monday, Sept. 1, 2014. Modi was on his official visit to Japan. (Source: AP)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, left, is shown the way by Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe together during a welcome ceremony at Akasaka State Guesthouse in Tokyo. (Source: AP)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, left, and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe listen to national anthems during a welcome ceremony at Akasaka State Guesthouse in Tokyo Monday, Sept. 1, 2014. Modi was on his official visit to Japan. (Source: AP)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is welcomed as he visits Taimei Elementary School in Tokyo on Monday. (Source: AP)
PM Narendra Modi tries the recorder as he visits Taimei Elementary School in Tokyo. (Source: AP)
Narendra Modi, center, is greeted by Japanese Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida, left, prior to their meeting at a Tokyo hotel Monday. (Source: AP)
Narendra Modi talks with students as he visits Taimei Elementary School in Tokyo. (Source: AP)
Japanese Minister of Economy, Trade and Industry Toshimitsu Motegi, left, shakes hands with Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi prior to their meeting in Tokyo Monday. (Source: AP)
Narendra Modi, right, speaks with Japan's Finance Minister and former Prime Minsiter Taro Aso at the start of their meeting at a Tokyo hotel Monday. Modi was on his official visit to Japan. (Source: AP)

Revealed: Angelina Jolies wedding dress features her childrens drawingsAngelina Jolie's gown featured colourful drawings and scribblings by Jolie and Pitt’s six children – Maddox, Pax, Zahara, Shiloh, Knox and Vivienne.
Written by Sunitra Pacheco , Edited by Sarika Sharma | Mumbai |     September 2, 2014 2:45 pm
Hollywood’s hottest couple Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt finally tied the knot in an intimate ceremony held in the chapel of their French castle and vineyard estate Chateau Miraval, near Correns in the south of France.
The couple recently released pictures of their gorgeous wedding day. Angelina was absolutely stunning in an ivory coloured custom-designed wedding dress by Luigi Massi of Atelier Versace.
While the dress was simple and elegant from the front, with a scoop neck, fitted ruched bodice and flowing bottom, the veil and back portion of the dress featured colourful drawings and scribblings by Jolie and Pitt’s six children – Maddox, Pax, Zahara, Shiloh, Knox and Vivienne.
Versace shared the pic on Twitter and congratulated the couple.
Congratulations Angelina Jolie! You look sensational in my creation for your special day! Lots of love, DV pic.twitter.com/l0GafaxsAz
— Versace (@Versace) September 2, 2014
Pior to their big day, it was known that both Angelina and Brad were eager to have their children involved in the wedding. The couple’s eldest sons 13-year-old Maddox and 10-year-old Pax walked their mother down the aisle. Zahara, nine, and Vivienne, six, were the two flower girls, and eight-year-old Shiloh and six-year-old Knox were the ring bearers. Pax reportedly baked the wedding cake as well.
Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt met on the sets of their film ‘Mr and Mrs Smith’. Brad Pitt was previously married to Jennifer Aniston, while Jolie was first married to Jonny Lee Miller, and then Billy Bob Thornton.

Foreign companies in China feel  targeted : ...Anti-monopoly
(The ruling party under President…)
BEIJING: Foreign companies in China feel increasingly targeted for unfair enforcement of anti-monopoly and other laws and might cut investment if conditions fail to improve, a US business group said Tuesday.
The American Chamber of Commerce in China's report adds to mounting complaints about a flurry of investigations of global automakers, technology suppliers and other companies. It is a reversal for companies that welcomed plans unveiled by the ruling Communist Party in late 2013 to open the state-dominated economy to more private competition and adds to pressures at a time of slowing growth and rising competition from local rivals.
Almost half of companies that responded to a survey last week believe they are targeted for "selective and subjective enforcement" of anti-monopoly, food safety and other rules, the chamber said in a report. It said China faces a growing risk it "will permanently lose its luster as a desirable investment destination."
"Many areas of regulation are overly focused on foreign multinationals," said the chamber's chairman, Greg Gilligan.
Out of 164 people who responded to the survey, 60 percent said they felt "less welcome" in China, up sharply from a survey in late 2013 in which 41 percent of 365 respondents expressed the same sentiment.
The ruling party under President Xi Jinping has promised to make China's economy more productive by opening more industries to private and foreign competition. But at the same time Beijing is trying to create "national champions" in fields from autos to telecoms to aerospace. Business groups say that has led regulators to use a 6-year-old anti-monopoly law and other regulations to shield domestic companies from competition.
The European Union Chamber of Commerce in China also expressed concern last month about the anti-monopoly investigations. It said it received reports companies were pressured by regulators to accept penalties without a full hearing and avoid involving their governments.
Trade officials from the United States, the European Union and Japan say they are watching the investigations but have yet to announce whether they consider them a violation of China's free-trade commitments.
Industries targeted by regulators include pharmaceuticals, medical devices, high technology and autos, according to Les Ross, the American chamber's vice chairman. He expressed concern regulators might be "taking down" foreign companies to narrow the gap with Chinese competitors.
Beijing has announced fines totaling $202 million against 12 Japanese auto components suppliers on charges of price-fixing as part of a sweeping investigation of the industry. Officials say Mercedes Benz, Audi and Chrysler also will face punishment. In separate probes, Microsoft and chip maker Qualcomm also are under scrutiny.
Foreign business groups welcomed the anti-monopoly law in 2008 as a step toward clarifying operating conditions. Since then, they have said it is enforced more actively against foreign companies than against local rivals.
Regulators deny they favor domestic companies. They point to actions such as fines last year against two Chinese liquor producers for price-fixing.
"We believe the fairness of the law enforcement will be better reflected as the number of cases increases," said the director of the anti-monopoly bureau of the Cabinet's planning agency, Xu Kunlin, in comments Tuesday in the China Daily, an English-language newspaper aimed at foreign readers.
Foreign companies used to have a "sense of cooperation" with regulators but believe that has changed over the past two years, said Kim Woodard, a former vice chairman of the American chamber.
"Now, what's happening is you have aggressive enforcement actions against selected companies," said Woodard. "That starts to look like another barrier to market access."
That period coincides with the time since Xi became Communist Party leader in 2012. But Woodard, Gilligan and Ross said it was unclear how much of the change was driven by ruling party leaders and how much by other forces such as factions that might oppose reform plans.
Beijing also is reducing purchases of goods from foreign-owned companies, said Ross.
The government procurement agency announced in May it would not buy computer equipment that runs Microsoft's Windows 8 operating system. It gave no explanation, but state media said Beijing wants to develop its own operating system to compete with Windows and with Google Inc.'s Android.
Uncertainty over regulatory conditions adds to challenges for foreign companies at a time when China's growth is slowing and they face competition from ambitious local rivals. Growth of 7.5 percent in the three months ended in June was barely half of 2007's rate of 14.2 percent.
China is one of the world's top investment destinations. The government says it receives in excess of $100 billion a year, thought economists say a large share of that is money brought home by Chinese companies.
But fewer companies report substantial revenue growth and those reporting slight decreases are "more prevalent," the chamber's report said.
"Companies are increasingly cautious about future investments," it said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex scores a 100 on 100 days of Modi government; top 15 stock betsYou are here: Home > Collections > Trade
Sensex, Nifty at record highs; top 20 trading ideas
ET Now Sep 2, 2014, 02.02PM IST
Tags:
Adani Ports
("Investors definitely…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex rallied over 215 points in trade on Tuesday to hit its fresh record high of 27,082.85, while the Nifty too registered a fresh life-high of 8,101.95 in trade today.
The Sensex jumped 1,000 points in just 12 trading sessions. The rally in the index was led by gains in Cipla, Bharti Airtel, Sun Pharma and HDFC Bank.
At 2:01 p.m.; the 50-share index was at 8,099.20, up 71.50 points or 0.89 per cent. It touched all-time high of 8,101.95 and a low of 8,036.55 in trade.
The S&P BSE Sensex was at 27,075.05, up 207.50 points or 0.77 per cent. It touched all-time high of 27,082.85 and a low of 26,886.22 in trade.
"Investors definitely need to exercise caution considering the fact that markets have already run up quite a bit. But to say that there is no scope to invest in this market, I would not agree to that," said Sudip Bandyopadhyay, President, Destimoney Securities Pvt. Ltd.
"There are still enough and more opportunities. Infrastructure as an area, real estate as an area, the entire power sector as an area still is a long-long way to go and these will go on the back of the reforms, on the back of removal of the bottlenecks which have been plaguing these sectors," he added.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
ACC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1575 and a stop loss of Rs 1510
Century Textiles is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 655 and a stop loss of Rs 610
Apollo Tyres is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 195 and a stop loss of Rs 177
Adani Ports is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 310 and a stop loss of Rs 285
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
McLeod Russel is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 310 and a stop loss of Rs 291
Petronet LNG is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 205 and a stop loss of Rs 187
Bajaj Auto is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2350 and a stop loss of Rs 2279
Tree House Education is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 450 and a stop loss of Rs 394
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
Bharti Airtel is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 403 and a stop loss of Rs 384
Ultratech is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2770 and a stop loss of Rs 2710
Century Textiles is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 640 and a stop loss of Rs 615
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
Biocon is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 505 and a stop loss of Rs 485
Century Textiles is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 637 and a stop loss of Rs 610
DLF Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 186 and a stop loss of Rs 180
Rakesh Bansal, VP, RK Global
Ambuja Cements is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 223 and a stop loss of Rs 205.50
LG Balakrishnan & Bros is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 587 and a stop loss of Rs 515
VIP Industries is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 106.50 and a stop loss of Rs 97.50
Shrikant Chouhan, Senior VP-Technical Research, Kotak Securities
HDFC Bank is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 900 and a stop loss of Rs 838
IRB Infrastructure is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 270 and a stop loss of Rs 243
JK Tyre is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 335 and a stop loss of Rs 285
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Top 23 midcap stocks to bet on as markets continue with their record-breaking spreeYou are here: Home > Collections > Brokerage
Top 23 midcap ideas to invest as Nifty rallies past 8,000 levels
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 2, 2014, 12.15PM IST
Tags:
BSE sensex
(As the rally in large caps…)
MUMBAI: The Indian market is on a roar with the NSE benchmark conquering the 8,000 mark for the first time on Monday. As the rally in large caps continues, there are higher chances of midcaps gaining traction and outperforming with increased participation from retail investors.
"This is the most amount of interest that I have seen in India in quite a while. A lot of new clients are looking at India, and especially there is a lot of interest now as we have seen through price action in small and midcap names. Clients are looking for money-making ideas and this is a change," said Mukul Kochhar, Head-Sales, Espirito Santo Securities, to ET Now.
The participation is now spreading across smaller cap and midcap companies. This is typical of a market which is very actively looking for the next opportunity to make big money. Analysts are of the view that investors are now hunting for newer companies with sound balance sheets, that have managed to stand the economic downturn.
Midcap companies are expected to get re-rated once the earnings improve with the pick-up in economy.
The GDP growth has been encouraging. India's economy grew at 5.7 per cent in the first quarter of 2014-15, exceeding expectations.
"We see the current valuations of high teens on FY15 earnings as a fair range. We see these sustaining in the range at least till mid Q3FY15 by which better visibility on FY16 earning trajectory shall emerge. If it does improve, from our base case of mid teens earnings growth, we expect the valuations to sustain," said a Dolat Capital Market report.
The brokerage has compiled a list of midcap stocks can give good returns in the next couple of years:
PI Industries
The company continues to build upon its strengths in the domestic agri and custom synthesis, and is delivering earnings to sustain high teens valuations. The brokerage expects growth trajectory to go up another notch as Jambusar Phase 2 and 3 start in FY16.
The stock remains its preferred pick in the agri space with strong visibility and scalability to drive earnings in the next couple of years. Its consolidated revenue is expected to grow by 21 per cent CAGR during FY14-16E on the back of higher contribution from the CSM business. PAT is seen growing by 26 per cent CAGR during FY14-FY16E, and cash flow generation to accelerate FY16 onwards.
Balkrishna Industries
The company has strong visibility on volume growth for FY15 and FY16. The capacity expansion, currently in implementation, shall more than double its volume through put by FY16 to 300,000 MT.
The brokerage expects BKT to generate strong operating and free cash flows as it goes past its capex mode by FY16, and moves towards reducing debt. Its estimates are building in reduction of debt from Rs 24.5 billion to Rs 17.5 billion by FY17. This shall lead to savings of Rs 140 million on interest costs in FY 17 as well as drive re rating over the medium term.
Relaxo Footwares
The company is a favourite play on Indian consumption theme. The footwear industry is at the cusp of moving from unorganised to organised (branded), and Relaxo is amongst the best positioned to leverage on the same.
  The brokerage expects volume growth of mid to high single digits and product mix change to sustain growth. The base case is of 18-20 per cent CAGR in revenue and this may improve as the company's new products continue to expand their reach.
"Valuations at 27x FY15E and 20x FY16E are not as cheap as we would have desired for an entry perspective. However, we believe one will be adequately compensated through structural outperformance at an absolute level and not just relative," the report said.
Whirlpool India
The company has been increasing its focus on distribution as it aggressively adds dealers (currently stands at 16-18000). It has increased its focus towards premium products in each of the product segments. It has gained market share in the premium segment of each category.
The brokerage estimates 18 per cent CAGR in revenues during FY14-16E and expects earnings to register 51 per cent CAGR in the same period.
KPIT Technologies
The weak Q1 has set the floor on margins and stock performance, say analysts at Dolat Capital Market. They are in sync with the management view that the weak result was a function of poor execution rather than any challenges on the business momentum.
According to the brokerage, estimates of 11 per cent revenue growth though below the management guided range ($ rev growth 12-14 per cent) still offers strong upside potential hereon. Recovery in SAP sbu would mean better earnings growth ahead of revenue growth.
Mphasis
The company has been one of the quite outperformers in the IT services since the last six months. The brokerage expects HP share of revenues to keep getting diluted, and the non-HP to gain traction helping generate better operating margins.
"Valuations at 9x FY16E (4.7x EV/EBIT) remain cheap and with limited downsides," the report said.
Astral Poly Technik

Move to appoint ex-CJI as Governor draws criticismgovernment
The Centre’s reported move to appoint former Chief Justice of India P. Sathasivam as Governor of Kerala has come in for criticism both from political parties and from the legal community.
Asked about the Congress’ response to the move, party spokesman Abhishek Manu Singhvi said on Monday, “It’s best I am restrained on such sensitive matters from this podium.” But “as there is no actual appointment letter issued,” he felt it was “regrettable” that “the exalted position of the CJI” should have been downgraded in this way. “It is inappropriate for the giver and the receiver,” he said.
Eminent Supreme Court lawyer Fali Nariman was equally scathing: “I do not appreciate or approve of the idea of a former Chief Justice of India or a judge of the Supreme Court accepting a sinecure appointment like that of a Governor. Judges “seeking jobs” or “a seat in Parliament” from the Executive gravely affects the concept of “independence of the judiciary” — proudly and repeatedly proclaimed - alas only by sitting judges of the Supreme Court (!) — as a ‘basic feature of the Constitution’.”

Abe praises Indian judge  tells Modi every Japanese knows PalUpdated: September 2, 2014 12:01 IST
Abe praises Indian judge, tells Modi every Japanese knows Pal
DPA
AP Prime Minister Narendra Modi with his Japanese counterpart Shinzo Abe.
TOPICS
international relations
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe told Narendra Modi that Japan still honours a dissenting Indian judge from a World War II military tribunal, a report said on Tuesday.
Judge Radhabinod Pal was the only dissenting voice among 11 Allied justices during the trial of Japan’s leaders at the international military tribunal after World War II.
Mr. Abe emphasised the two countries’ historical ties, saying, “Every Japanese knows [Pal],” Nikkei reported.
In 2007, Mr. Abe travelled to Kolkata to meet with Pal’s son.
Japanese nationalists like Mr. Abe hold Pal in high regard, and a monument to the judge was erected in 2005 at the controversial Yasukuni Shrine, which honours the nation’s 2.5 million war dead, including convicted war criminals.

Manchester United signs Falcao in another transfer coupUpdated: September 2, 2014 12:13 IST
Manchester United signs Falcao in another transfer coup
AP
AP Radamel Falcao’s season-long loan from Monaco is set to cost Manchester United around $25 million for the salary and fee to the French club, although there is an option to then sign the Colombia forward permanently. File photo
TOPICS
soccer
United recouped $27 million by selling striker Danny Welbeck to Arsenal on Monday, while another forward Javier Hernandez, went on a season-long loan to Real Madrid.
A week after signing Angel Di Maria, Manchester United persuaded striker Radamel Falcao to join the faltering club in European football’s most eye-catching switch as the summer transfer window closed.
Falcao’s season-long loan from Monaco is set to cost United around $25 million for the salary and fee to the French club, although there is an option to then sign the Colombia forward permanently.
The record 20—time English champions have been frantically trying to strengthen its squad in an attempt to halt an alarming decline over the last year. After a seventh place finish under the ill fated reign of David Moyes, new manager Louis van Gaal has failed to win any of his first four games, including a humiliating League Cup loss at third tier side MK Dons.
“(Falcao) is one of the most prolific goal scorers in the game,” Van Gaal said. “His appearance-to-goal ratio speaks for itself and, when a player of this calibre becomes available, it is an opportunity not to be missed.”
With the versatile Netherlands international David Blind also joining Monday for 14 million pounds ($23 million) from Ajax to be reunited with World Cup coach Van Gaal, United’s summer spending reached around $250 million.
United recouped $27 million by selling striker Danny Welbeck to Arsenal on Monday, while another forward Javier Hernandez, went on a season-long loan to Real Madrid.
Falcao adds another world class player to striking options that already includes Robin van Persie and Wayne Rooney.
“Manchester United is the biggest club in the world and is clearly determined to get back to the top,” said Falcao, who left Monaco a year after joining from Atletico Madrid for 60 million euros (then $78 million). “I am looking forward to working with Louis van Gaal and contributing to the team’s success at this very exciting period in the club’s history.”
The challenge is for United to prevent neighbour Manchester City becoming the dominant force in England after winning two of the last three Premier League titles. It appeared that City rejected the chance to pursue Falcao’s signature, with the champions’ deadline-day activity restricted to outgoings, including striker Alvaro Negredo joining Valencia on loan for the season.
Although deadline-day produced many loan moves, the summer transfer window saw more than $1.4 billion spent by Premier League clubs.
It was a busy day at Hull. The northeast club signed Uruguay World Cup striker Abel Hernandez from Italian side Palermo for a club record fee in the region of 9.5 million pounds ($16 million), added Senegal midfielder Mohamed Diame from West Ham for around 3.5million pounds ($6 million), and brought Uruguay midfielder Gaston Ramirez in on a season-long loan from Southampton.
There was an outgoing from Hull, with midfielder George Boyd sold to Premier League newcomer Burnley, which also signed Chelsea midfielder Nathaniel Chalobah on loan until January.
Tottenham loaned German midfielder Lewis Holtby to Hamburg for a year with a view to a permanent transfer and sold Sandro to Premier League rival Queens Park Rangers, while bringing in defender Benjamin Stambouli from Montpellier.
Sandro’s move across the capital reunites him with former Tottenham manager Harry Redknapp, who also took Niko Kranjcar back to QPR on loan from Dynamo Kiev after helping the London team gain promotion in May.
Sunderland manager Gus Poyet brought fellow Uruguayan Sebastian Coates, a defender, to the northeast club on a season-long loan from Liverpool. Argentine attacking midfielder Ricardo Alvarez also joined on loan from Inter Milan.
On the south coast, Southampton has recruited Atletico Madrid defender Toby Alderweireld for the season as a replacement for Dejan Lovren, who joined Liverpool earlier in the window. Southampton also terminated the loan of Inter Milan’s Saphir Taider less than a month into the arrangement, saying the 22—year-old Algeria midfielder “failed to live up to the high levels of commitment expected of Southampton players.”
At Newcastle, Hatem Ben Arfa has fallen out of favour in the last year and the playmaker was allowed to join Hull for the season on loan.

Brad Pitt  Angelina Jolie s  secret  wedding images revealedAngelina Jolie's wedding veil has artwork by kids, Brad borrows tie from son
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 02, 2014
First Published: 11:30 IST(2/9/2014) | Last Updated: 14:26 IST(2/9/2014)
Comments
The world came to know about their wedding four days too late. But Hollywood's golden couple -- Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt -- have gone ahead and shared the pictures of their 'super secret' wedding with Hello magazine, in conjunction with US publication People.
The cover of People magazine showing Brad and Angelina's wedding images.
The photographs show the duo kissing as well as a look at Angelina Jolie's fab gown and veil, which is covered with artwork by her six children.
There is also one of the couple with their brood --  Maddox, 13, Pax, ten, Zahara, nine, Shiloh, eight, and six-year-old twins Vivienne and Knox -- all dressed in their wedding finery.
Angie's gown was designed by gown by Luigi Massi of Atelier Versace.
"Luigi is like family to me and I couldn't imagine anyone else making this dress," Jolie said in the interview to the magazines. "He knows and cares for the children and it was great fun putting it together."
The magazines also reported that Pitt wore a suit from his closet – with a tie borrowed from one of his sons because Pitt forgot to pack his. Zahara's dress was designed by family friend Adama Kebe. Maddox, Pax, Shiloh, and Knox wore black suits (Shiloh's included shorts and a top hat), and Vivienne wore a white dress from her closet. Jeweller Robert Procop, who designed Jolie's engagement ring, created the couple's wedding bands.
Read Poles apart: Kimye's wedding circus vs Brangelina's quiet wedding
The intimate August 23 ceremony – attended by just 20 friends and family members – was held in the chapel of Château Miraval, the family's estate in the French village of Correns.
Each child had a key role to play: Eldest sons Maddox, 13, and Pax, 10, walked their mom down the aisle; flower girls Zahara, 9, and Vivienne, 6, tossed petals gathered from the garden; and Shiloh, 8, and Knox, 6, served as ring bearers. The kids also helped write their parents' vows. And Pax baked the cake, Hello reported!
"It was important to us that the day was relaxed and full of laughter," Pitt, 50, and Jolie, 39, told the magazines. "It was such a special day to share with our children and a very happy time for our family."
The cover of Hello with exclusive image of Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie wedding.

U.S. fast-food workers plan protestFast-food workers plan nationwide protest Thursday
By Patrick M. Sheridan   @CNNMoney September 1, 2014: 9:30 PM ET
Nancy Salgado, a cashier at a Chicago McDonald's, plans to strike this Thursday. Union organizers say workers are prepared to be arrested if need be.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
The campaign to get fast-food workers paid at least $15 a hour resumes later this week.
Union organizers say workers will walk off their jobs Thursday in 150 cities nationwide. Restaurants that they say will be affected include McDonald's ( MCD ), Burger King ( BKW ) , Wendy's and KFC, which is owned by Yum Brands ( YUM ).
The action would be the latest in a two-year effort to get employers to pay them a minimum wage of $15 an hour and allow them to form unions without retaliation.
Nancy Salgado, a 27 year old single mother of a 3 year old boy and an 8 year old girl, plans to strike.
Salgado works at a McDonald's in the Logan Square area of Chicago earning $8.25 an hour, or about $600 a month take home pay.
After splitting rent and utilities with 3 roommates, and paying for child care, she's left with a little over $100 a month for food and everything else.
"If I have a dollar at the end of the month it's a miracle," Salgado said.
Related: I work in fast food and I'm not a teenager
Currently, the median pay for fast-food workers is just over $9 an hour, or about $18,500 a year. That's roughly $4,500 lower than the Census Bureau's poverty threshold level of $23,000 for a family of four.
Thursday's action would come more than a month after the National Labor Relations Board's general counsel ruled that McDonald's is a joint employer that exerts substantial power over working conditions at its franchisees. The ruling, if upheld, means McDonald's could be held liable for labor violations at its more than 12,000 franchisee-owned restaurants.
McDonald's has contended that franchisees operate as independent businesses and that, therefore, it's not liable.
In March, McDonald's workers filed seven class-action lawsuits in New York, California and Michigan over wage theft violations. The suits allege that McDonald's has forced employees to work off the clock, not paid them overtime and struck hours off their time cards.
McDonald's did not respond to a request for comment on the status of the class action suits or the preliminary ruling by the National Labor Relations Board.
Related: "My boss doesn't rule my destiny"
Union organizers say the movement has elevated the debate about inequality in the U.S. and helped raise the minimum wage in some states, including Connecticut and New Jersey.
Public policy group Demos says CEO compensation in the industry since 2000 quadrupled to $24 million, while the average fast-food worker's wage only increased 0.3%. Fast-food CEOs make 1,000 times more than the average worker in the industry, according to Demos.
U.S. census data show that the face of the fast-food worker has changed dramatically over the years. Workers over the age of 20 now make up 70% of the workforce and nearly 40% have children. A third of them have spent some time in college.
Salgado, who didn't finish high school, said she'll do whatever she has to to win the fight for a $15 minimum wage and a union.
"My 8 year old daughter tells me 'Everything is OK mommy,' and I tell her, 'yes,'" said Salgado. "But when she goes to sleep I know it's not OK."
First Published: September 1, 2014: 9:30 PM ET
Join the Conversation

Eric Cantor goes to Wall StreetEric Cantor goes to Wall Street
By Charles Riley  @CRrileyCNN September 2, 2014: 2:41 AM ET
 
Cantor lands sweet $3.4 million bank gig
HONG KONG (CNNMoney)
Former House Majority Leader Eric Cantor is taking his talents to Wall Street, joining boutique investment bank Moelis & Co. as a vice chairman and board member.
Cantor's move into the private sector was widely anticipated following his June electoral defeat at the hands of an unknown economics professor -- one of the biggest political upsets in recent memory.
Cantor then chose to resign from his position in the leadership rather than finish his term. The 7-term congressman's decision set off speculation about his next gig -- be it at a bank, lobby shop or law firm.
Despite his lack of experience in the private sector, Cantor will be well compensated.
Moelis ( MC ) agreed to give him a $400,000 cash bonus and a $400,000 base salary, according to a regulatory filing. Cantor will also receive $1 million worth of Moelis shares that will be doled out over the next five years. Next year, he is entitled to "incentive compensation" of at least $1.2 million in cash and another $400,000 in stock.
Cantor, who will work out of New York and a new office opening in D.C., is eligible for even more benefits. He will be reimbursed the "reasonable cost" of a New York City apartment for the first 12 months of his employment. After that, Moelis agreed to put him up in a hotel.
Moelis advises on mergers, acquisitions and risk. Since the firm went public in April, its stock has risen by almost 40%.
"When I considered options for the next chapter of my career, I knew I wanted to join a firm with a great entrepreneurial spirit that focused on its clients," Cantor said in a statement.
 
Backstage politics at NBC's 'Meet The Press'
As a lawyer and former member of the House Financial Services Committee, Cantor has always found significant support on Wall Street.
During his most recent congressional campaign, Cantor raised $785,000 from the investment industry -- more than any other sector, according to the Center for Responsive Politics. His top single donor was Blackstone Group ( BX ).
Cantor's move to Wall Street is likely to inflame critics of the so-called revolving door in Washington. They say politicians are too often trading public service duties for lucrative private sector jobs.
Tom Davis, a former Virginia congressman, recently told the New York Times Magazine that Cantor was in a prime position.
"I think it would be easy for him to become Eric Cantor Inc. and make a few million dollars a year," Davis said.
-- Ben Rooney contributed to this report.
First Published: September 2, 2014: 2:41 AM ET
Join the Conversation

Chembond Chemicals appoints Rashmi Gavli as CFOSep 02, 2014, 12.04 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Chembond Chemicals appoints Rashmi Gavli as CFO
Chembond Chemicals has informed BSE that Mrs. Rashmi Gavli has been appointed as 'Chief Financial Officer & Compliance Officer' of the Connpany with effect from August 09, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Chembond Chemicals appoints Rashmi Gavli as CFO
Chembond Chemicals has informed BSE that Mrs. Rashmi Gavli has been appointed as 'Chief Financial Officer & Compliance Officer' of the Connpany with effect from August 09, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Chembond Chemicals Ltd  has informed BSE that the following:1. Mrs. Rashmi Gavli has been appointed as 'Chief Financial Officer & Compliance Officer' of the Connpany with effect from August 09, 2014.2. Mr. Jinesh IManlar, Finance Controller and Connpliance Officer, has resigned his office in the Company with effect from  September 02, 2014.Source : BSE

De Nora India s EGM on Sept 29  2014Sep 02, 2014, 12.04 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
De Nora India's EGM on Sept 29, 2014
De Nora India Ltd has informed BSE that the Extra Ordinary General Meeting (EGM) of the Company will be held on September 29, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
De Nora India's EGM on Sept 29, 2014
De Nora India Ltd has informed BSE that the Extra Ordinary General Meeting (EGM) of the Company will be held on September 29, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
De Nora India Ltd has informed BSE that the Extra Ordinary General Meeting (EGM) of the Company will be held on September 29, 2014.Further, the Company inform that the cut-off date for the purpose of ascertaining the shareholders eligible for E-voting at the Extra-Ordinary General Meeting of the Company has been fixed as August 15, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

BSE Sensex  Nifty continue to surge; IT metals tad weakSep 02, 2014, 12.23 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
BSE Sensex, Nifty continue to surge; IT & metals tad weak
Cipla is up over 6 percent while Bharti, Sun Pharma, Hero and HDFC Bank are top gainers in the Sensex. Metals and IT stocks are seeing some but of profit booking. Among the losers are Sesa Sterlite, Tata Motors, HUL, Infosys and Wipro.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
BSE Sensex, Nifty continue to surge; IT & metals tad weak
Cipla is up over 6 percent while Bharti, Sun Pharma, Hero and HDFC Bank are top gainers in the Sensex. Metals and IT stocks are seeing some but of profit booking. Among the losers are Sesa Sterlite, Tata Motors, HUL, Infosys and Wipro.
Post your opinion here
11:09
Moneycontrol Bureau
11:40 am Buzzing: Investors lapped up more shares of Maruti Suzuki as Barclays raised target price on the stock by 9 percent to Rs 3,222 post strong August sales data. The stock gained as much as 1.7 percent to touch a record high of Rs 2,963.70.
The brokerage reiterates Maruti as its top pick with an overweight rating. "India's largest car maker continues to focus on its core strength of small cars, but it is also incrementally filling its product and segment gaps, highlighted by the launch of the Ciaz (A3 luxury) and its entry into SUVs and light commercial vehicle (LCV) segments. New products coupled with the marketing muscle of the company makes for a very strong competitive positioning," Barclays elaborates.
Maruti sold 1,10,776 lakh units in August, registering a growth of 27 percent over corresponding month of previous year and up 9 percent compared to 1.01 lakh units in previous month.
Don't miss: Jan Dhan yojna feasible, but unsure of costing: Ex-Bankers 
The market is still holding on its gains with both hands. The Sensex is up 75.96 points at 26943.51 and the Nifty is up 31.05 points at 8058.75. About 1579 shares have advanced, 827 shares declined, and 93 shares are unchanged.
Cipla is up over 6 percent while Bharti, Sun Pharma, Hero and HDFC Bank are top gainers in the Sensex. Metals and IT stocks are seeing some bit of profit booking. Among the losers are Sesa Sterlite, Tata Motors, HUL, Infosys and Wipro.
Rakesh Arora, Macquarie says the market has continued its march above 8,000 and we see further upside.
“GDP growth in Q1 was higher than consensus at 5.7 percent and the Finance Minister Arun Jaitley believes it will be on the rise. A positive resolution of the coal scam case could act as a catalyst. It's time to buy,” he adds.
On the macro front, current account deficit for the first quarter came in at 1.7 percent of GDP versus 4.8 percent a year ago. The number is largely in line with expectations but core sector growth slowed down to just 2.7 percent in July.
 

Maruti Suzuki hits record high  Barclays ups target by 9%Sep 02, 2014, 11.49 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Maruti Suzuki hits record high, Barclays ups target by 9%
With the strength from the recent volume data, Barclays raised volume growth estimates to 12.4 percent for FY15 and to 15.1 percent for FY16.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Maruti Suzuki hits record high, Barclays ups target by 9%
With the strength from the recent volume data, Barclays raised volume growth estimates to 12.4 percent for FY15 and to 15.1 percent for FY16.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Investors lapped up more shares of  Maruti Suzuki on Tuesday as Barclays raised target price on the stock by 9 percent to Rs 3,222 post strong August sales data. The stock gained as much as 1.7 percent to touch a record high of Rs 2,963.70.
The brokerage reiterates Maruti as its top pick with an overweight rating. "India's largest car maker continues to focus on its core strength of small cars, but it is also incrementally filling its product and segment gaps, highlighted by the launch of the Ciaz (A3 luxury) and its entry into SUVs and light commercial vehicle (LCV) segments. New products coupled with the marketing muscle of the company makes for a very strong competitive positioning," Barclays elaborates.
Maruti sold 1,10,776 lakh units in August, registering a growth of 27 percent over corresponding month of previous year and up 9 percent compared to 1.01 lakh units in previous month.
Domestic sales grew by 29.3 percent year-on-year to 98,304 units in the month gone by due to growth across segments barring mid-size vehicles while exports rose by 10.3 percent to 12,472 units during the same period.
With the strength from the recent volume data, the brokerage raised volume growth estimates to 12.4 percent for FY15 and to 15.1 percent for FY16.
Though it is a top pick, the brokerage sees some risks like Maruti’s customer perception is tied to a small car manufacturer, which is difficult to undo in higher application service provider (ASP) products and increased competition in the higher ASP segments could limit profitability expansion.
In SUVs and LCVs, Maruti is a new entrant and isn’t associated with the segment, and LCVs, according to Barclays, will require a different marketing and distribution strategy. With current capacity utilisation at more than 75 percent, volume growth in FY16 and FY17 is a potential risk, it adds.
At 11:06 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 2,920.75, up Rs 5.25, or 0.18 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Review petitions by death row convicts to be heard by 3 judges in open court: SC#supreme court #death row convicts #review petition #curative petition
New Delhi: The Supreme Court on Tuesday laid down new rules on review petitions filed by death row convicts. The court ruled that petitions by death row convicts will be heard by a bench of three judges in an open court.
Earlier, the petitions were heard in the chambers of two judges who pronounced the quantum of punishment and the parties were not allowed to be present.
The apex court has also allowed death row convicts, whose review petitions have already been dismissed, to file fresh pleas for reopening their cases within a month.
In a majority verdict by a five-judge constitution bench, the apex court said that a death convict whose curative petition has been decided cannot approach for re-opening of his review plea.
While four judges including Chief Justice RM Lodha favoured open court hearing of review petition, one judge Justice J Chelameswar gave a dissenting verdict.
The apex court passed the order on a batch of petitions filed by six death convicts including Red Fort attack case convict Mohammed Arif and 1993 Mumbai serial blast convict Yakub Abdul Razak Memon pleading the court that their review pleas should have been decided in open court hearing.
Other death convicts who filed the petitions are C Muniappan, BA Umesh, Sundar and Sonu Sardar.
(With additional information from PTI)

Centre to initiate steps to increase road safety  curb accidents#road safety #road accidents #nitin gadkari #transport ministry #tracking the modi government
New Delhi: Over the past decade, the number of deaths by road accidents have increased from 92,618 to over 1,37,572. Of the 1,37,572 fatal accidents, 6,463 deaths were due to drunken driving. According to reports, 20 lakh serious injuries take place annually due to road accidents.
These are sobering statistics for India but even Transport Minister Nitin Gadkari admits the actual figures could be way higher. "I respect government officers but doubt the government data," Gadkari said.
The Transport Ministry has collaborated with the Institute of Road Traffic Education and International Road Federation to improve road safety across 30 mega cities.
Through his own personal experience of a seious accident while he was a minister in Maharashtra, Gadkari underscored the need for dafety while driving on roads. From eye check of drivers who could be suffering from cataract, to technical deficiencies in detailed project reports for roads to amending the motor vehicles act, the minister said that there was a lot that needed to be done.
"If checked, more than 50 per cent of drivers in Delhi suffer from cataract. Infact, the driver of one well known minister was nearly blind. He was driving by his sense of sound," Gadkari said.
There are plans to give special emphasis to combat drunken driving, a problem which has been difficult to tame due to non standardisation of breath analysers, absence of clear definition of blood:breath ratio and inadequate training of police personnel among many others.
With six years left for the United Nation's Decade for Road safety, India has to redouble its efforts to reduce fatalities from road accidents by fifty per cent. Gadkari is planning to introduce a new bill in Parliament in place of the 1988 Motor Vehicles Act. While this is just one step, the urgency is in spreading awareness and instilling a sense of responsibility among drivers.

Maruti Suzuki Ciaz to be launched in India by mid-October#maruti ciaz #maruti #cars
At the media unveiling of the Maruti Suzuki Ciaz, the carmaker announced that it will launch its new C-segment sedan in the thick of the festive season - mid-October. The car is expected to bring Maruti a much needed stronghold in the mid-size sedan space which is currently dominated by the Honda City.
The Ciaz will be offered with two engine options - the 1.3-litre DDiS diesel oiler that produces 90PS / 200Nm and the 1.4-litre  K-series petrol that produces 92PS / 130Nm. The Ciaz will get features like a touchscreen infotainment system, climate control, rear AC vents, keyless entry and go, projector beam headlamps, window blinds, 16-inch alloy wheels etc.
The Ciaz will be offered in a choice of seven colours including a signature brown (same as the Ertiga) and a maroon (similar to the new City). The car is expected to come with a competitive price tag between and will introduce new trims like the ZXI+ and the ZDI+.
The car is expected to bring Maruti a much needed stronghold in the mid-size sedan space which is currently dominated by the Honda City.
To read more visit: www.overdrive.in

The Rs 5 999 Xiaomi Redmi 1S goes on sale in India today#xiaomi redmi 1s #xiaomi #android #smartphones
New Delhi: The cheapest smartphone from Xiaomi - the Redmi 1S - will go on sale in India starting today. Flipkart's first flash sale for the phone starts today from 2 PM. Priced at Rs 5,999, the phone will be available exclusively via Flipkart.
The Redmi 1S will be available only to those who have registered by midnight on September 1.
The Redmi 1S is the first phone of Xiaomi's Redmi family made available in India. The dual-SIM Redmi 1S features a 4.7-inch display, 1.6 GHz quad-core processor, 1GB RAM, 8GB internal memory (expandable upto 64 GB), 8MP rear camera and 1.6MP front camera.
The dual-SIM Redmi 1S features a 4.7-inch display, 1.6 GHz quad-core processor, 1GB RAM, and an 8 megapixel camera.
This is the second smartphone from Xiaomi to go on sale in India after it debuted with the Mi 3 in the country in July. The Mi 3, however, has received rave reviews from both the enthusiasts and reviewers, but customer complaints about faulty units and poor service have somwehat dampened the excitement.
Xiaomi is estimated to have sold 90,000 units of Mi3 smartphone, which was launched in the country for Rs 13,999. So far, the company has conducted six rounds of sale with about 10,000-20,000 units being offered each time. Reports say that Xiaomi and Flipkart have for now paused Mi 3 sales in India.
Touted as the 'Apple of China', Xiaomi is one of the latest entrants in the multi-billion Indian smartphone market, following other Chinese firms like Oppo and Gionee.
India is the fastest growing smartphone market globally with research firms like IDC pegging the growth here in double and triple digits.
According to IDC data, the smartphone market in India grew 84 per cent in the April-June 2014 quarter to to 18.42 million units from 10.02 million units in the year-ago period.
Samsung dominated the market with with 29 per cent share, followed by Micromax 18 per cent, Karbonn 8 per cent and Lava six per cent in Q2 2014.

Unauthorized Saved by the Bell Story: The 7 best Hollywood clichs from the cheesy TV movieBy Emily Yahr September 2 Follow @emilyyahr
Left to right, Tiera Skovbye (Elizabeth Berkley /“Jessie Sapano”), Dylan Everett (Mark-Paul Gosselaar / “Zack Morris”), Julian Works (Mario Lopez / “A.C. Slater”), Taylor Russell McKenzie (Lark Voorhies / “Lisa Turtle”), Alyssa Lynch (Tiffani-Amber Thiessen / “Kelly Kapowski”) and Sam Kindseth (Dustin Diamond / “Screech”). (Photo: Sergei Bachlakov/Lifetime)
After much fanfare, Lifetime’s “The Unauthorized Saved by the Bell Story” aired on Monday night to share all the sordid behind-the-scenes details of the hit ’90s comedy. Given that “Saved by the Bell” is a beloved piece of nostalgia by millennials, it was primed to be a spectacular viewing experience. Within minutes of the movie’s first scene, #UnauthorizedSavedbytheBellStory was a worldwide trending topic on Twitter.
Unfortunately, for all the hype, the two-hour movie didn’t really deliver on its cheesy potential – disappointing because there’s always so much to dissect about what happens on any hit show. Fights? Hook-ups between the actors? Network interference? Scandals?
Not really for “Saved By the Bell,” at least according to this version of the show’s history. There was a bit of drama, as the cast members sniped at each other and some indulged in underage drinking. But mostly the characters – who portrayed Mark-Paul Gosselaar, Mario Lopez, Dustin Diamond, Tiffani-Amber Thiessen, Elizabeth Berkley, Lark Voorhies – spent time complaining about how “trapped” they felt in their roles as high school students.
Still, the movie – vaguely based on star Dustin Diamond’s tell-all book “Behind the Bell” – was clearly made with the show’s fans in mind and hit all the inside jokes as it traced the history of the series. Zack’s enormous cell phone; a “time out” to freeze all the characters; we saw Jessie’s famous caffeine pills scene.
The movie also chronicled the inside-baseball Hollywood process of making a TV show, so there were plenty of hilarious entertainment industry cliches. Here are some of the best:
(Photo: Sergei Bachlakov/Lifetime)
Clueless TV executives
In this tale, “Saved by the Bell” starts in 1989 with an amazing scene of NBC executives discussing what kids really want: A TV show about teachers. Because who doesn’t love teachers? They decided to set the show in Indiana (to capture those easygoing Midwestern viewers) and call it “Good Morning, Miss Bliss.” NBC passes and Disney Channel picks it up.
The series tanks, because kids don’t like teachers. That’s news to the executives. So they come up with a brilliant idea to save the show: Focus on the actual students in the high school. “Forget the teachers, make it about the kids,” they marvel. “Nobody has ever done a live-action comedy with just kids.” One exec frets that no one will watch because it doesn’t have an adult star – another correctly points out that young viewers don’t care at all about adult stars.
They create a new show called “Saved by the Bell,” which will air on Saturday mornings on NBC between cartoons, catering to pre-teens. They’ll also change the setting to California. See ya, Midwest – everyone wants to go to school near the beach. Miraculously, it’s a hit.
(Photo: Sergei Bachlakov/Lifetime)
Adults trying to control “misbehaving” young stars
When “Saved by the Bell” becomes a massive international success, there’s also a great boardroom scene among network offiicals, fretting about maintaining the show’s squeaky-clean image. One exec is unhappy that the male cast members are posing shirtless on magazine covers because it undermines the “wholesome” brand.
“They’re teenagers in Hollywood. They’re going to get in trouble, it’s like an unwritten law,” one exec says.
“Our job is to make sure that doesn’t happen,” snarls another. After all, there’s millions of syndication dollars to consider.
Time to lay down some unrealistic boundaries — famous, wealthy teenagers will definitely respond to rules.
(Photo: Sergei Bachlakov/Lifetime)
Teenage actor rebellion
The whole movie is told through the eyes of Dustin Diamond (Screech), often upset that he’s cast as a geek and his co-stars make fun of him for being so uncool. Sick of being the nerd of the show, he acts out by drinking vodka from a flask and hanging out with a pot-smoking troublemaker named Eric, who is actually just using his friendship to get a role on the show. There’s also a disturbing fantasy sequence scene where Diamond woos multiple girls in a hot tub.Eventually, he gets in trouble for showing up drunk to a fan event. None of this is ever really resolved.
Also: Lopez brings female fans to the set to seduce them. Gosselaar gets mad that his parents won’t let him get a car for his 16th birthday and are putting his paychecks in a college fund, so he throws a massive temper tantrum.
It’s all used to make their troubles seem very ominous: “The more successful the show became, the more we realized how trapped we really were,” Diamond says in a voiceover. Ultimately, none of it is really characterized as a very big deal.
(Photo: Sergei Bachlakov/Lifetime)
The actress who has bigger dreams than just TV
Poor Elizabeth Berkley. Not only will she always be known as the actress who did “Showgirls,” but here, she’s portrayed as truly wanting to become a serious actress – until her “Saved by the Bell” resume is a problem. She tries out for a TV movie about Eleanor Roosevelt (really) and overhears someone say, “I can’t believe she’s auditioning…I mean, it’s just a silly Saturday morning kids show.”
Ouch! Though she does get her way when she and the other cast members demand more serious storylines from the writers – otherwise known as her famous caffeine pills episode and the “I’m so excited, I’m so…scared” scene.
Heartless TV executives obsessed with $$$
The people in charge of the network don’t care that the show was only supposed to go four seasons and everyone’s sick of it. Dollar signs get in the way of everything. “The show’s a global phenomenon, no way we can stop now,” one exec says, and turns nasty: “The cold hard truth is without this show, these kids are nothing.” Nothing!
Fake love triangles
In the most half-hearted love triangle ever, Voorhies and Gosselaar are sort of dating – though he also has to spend time with Thiessen, as Zack and Kelly are the heart of the show and fans love them. Vooerhies is extremely upset when tabloid photos surface of “Zack and Kelly” hanging out in real life. “You know how the magazines twist those things around,” Gosselaar pleads with the most Hollywood excuse ever.
(Photo: Sergei Bachlakov/Lifetime)
A happily ever after that isn’t actually true
The ending of the movie is wrapped with a neat tidy bow where everyone comes back for the special graduation finale – even though Diamond’s narration hastily adds that the network commissioned a “College Years” spin-off that lasted just one season.
Emily Yahr is an entertainment reporter and pop culture blogger for the Style section. She joined the Post in May 2008, a week before she graduated from the University of Maryland, and worked on Lisa de Moraes' TV Column and blog.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=lifestyle, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409639074/1409639074000/1409639074 tracking: {authors=Emily Yahr, blog_name=style-blog, content_category=Lifestyle, in_url_headline=unauthorized-saved-by-the-bell-story-the-7-best-hollywood-cliches-from-the-cheesy-tv-movie, post_id=32642, section={section=lifestyle, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 2, 2014 6:24:34 AM close date: Sep 16, 2014 6:24:34 AM

Look at India  Modi tells JapanLook at India  Modi tells Japan
Rupee declines 13 paise against dollar to 60.66Rupee declines 13 paise against dollar to 60.66
TVS Motor soars on reporting 46% growth in August salesTVS Motor soars on reporting 46% growth in August sales
Bajaj Auto Ltd. - August 14 SalesBajaj Auto Ltd. - August 14 Sales
Escorts slips after poor August sales of agri machinery segmentEscorts slips after poor August sales of agri machinery segment
Tata Motors slips after weak August salesTata Motors slips after weak August sales
SPML Infra gains on huge ordersSPML Infra gains on huge orders
Crude oil futures decline in holiday thinned tradeCrude oil futures decline in holiday thinned trade
State Bank of India inks a loan agreement with JBICState Bank of India inks a loan agreement with JBIC
Autos on recovery roadLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
See cheer returning to autos this festive season: Experts
Sundeep Kumar Bafna, MD of Fortpoint, says most dealers have stocked themselves to the brim to cater to the festive demand.
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
The festive season that started with Ganesh Chaturthi will augur well for the slacking automotive sector, believe industry experts Ajay Shethiya, Auto Analyst at Centrum Broking and Sundeep Kumar Bafna, MD of Fortpoint.
Speaking to CNBC-TV18 on their expectations for the upcoming days, Bafna says most dealers have stocked themselves to the brim to cater to the festive demand. He expects the demand pick up seen in August to continue in September too.
Also read: Worst over for auto ancillary companies: Sona Koyo Steering
Auto sales have seen a significant pick up in August. Auto majors Maruti Suzuki , Honda Cars, Hyundai and Nissan reported healthy growth in domestic sales and two-wheeler maker  Hero Motocorp sold 5,58,609 units of two-wheelers in August, registering growth of 21 percent over the corresponding month of previous year.
Shethiya expects this pick up to continue resulting in a better H2FY15. He believes the trend in auto sector is reversing as every cycle last for four years and we are already in the third year of the slowdown. 
Also read: Bajaj Auto eyes 4-lakh sales in Sept-Oct
On sectoral plays, Shethiya is bullish on Maruti, Tata Motors-driven by JLR sales and Hero Moto.
Below is the verbatim transcript of Ajay Shethiya and Sundeep Kumar Bafna\\'s interview with Anuj Singhal and Ekta Batra on CNBC-TV18.
Ekta: One of the things that Sonia Shenoy told us was that one of the reasons why we saw a pick up this time around in the August auto sales especially in the two-wheelers is because of festive stocking which is taking place on a year-on-year (Y-o-Y) basis. So the base is different. We had Diwali which is coming in October as opposed to November last year, how much of an impact is that in this time sales figures that we are seeing?
Bafna: What you have heard is true because as such all dealers have stocked themselves upto the bream. So the last month in the sense August we had a lot of a billing and this would continue this month also because again after Ganpati there will be 15 days of lull which is the shraddh period and after which October 2 is the Dusshera. So we feel that after that - September 21 onwards, the real season will start which is the Navratri, Dusshera and another month for Diwali. So in the whole time, dispatches would not happen the way we would want it. So all dealers are right now stocking up to their bream in this month and the coming month. So that we can deliver in the season period.
Ekta: What kind of inventory levels are you working with now? Was it as much as maybe last year or are you getting liquidating inventory much more easily?
Bafna: It is moving much more easily than last year but we didn’t see that kind of a great jump in the Ganpati sales as far as two-wheelers go but four-wheelers, in Maruti we have seen a good acceptance of our new product, the Celerio and the Ertiga CNG, the WagonR CNGs are doing extremely well right now in the markets.
Anuj: What is your overall call especially on the passenger vehicle car sales where we have seen growth after 17 months of decline and same points here, would you read the data with a pinch of salt because of all the issues about festival stocking or would you say that data looks quite good?
Shethiya: If you see there has been a reversal in terms of the overall trend so passenger vehicle has seen a positive growth in the month of May which came after 17 months of decline and that momentum continues for the month of July in the month of August as well. Now two things which have played out this month is last year around the Ganesh Chaturthi was in September, this year it is something which is in August. Also the shraddh period last year started from September 19 and continued till the end of the month. This year around the shraddh period would start from September 9 and will end on September 23. So there is a lot of pre-buying which has happened before the shraddh period and that is something which has pepped up the overall year-on-year growth. Having said that based on our dealer interactions we understand that footfalls have been improving, the conversions are taking place. So overall the sentiments have turned positive, customers are coming back, also what dealers have been indicating is that on the financing side, it is something which has been more lucrative. There are multiple finance schemes which are going around. So all these factors have played out and led to a strong Y-o-Y growth where we feel that the momentum will continue over a period of time.
Anuj: In terms of commercial vehicles now, what is your sense? Do you feel that the cycle is turning around or at least is at the cusp of turning around or would it be too early to say that right now?
Shethiya: There are mixed feelings, which we are getting based on either the interaction with the dealers or the financials but definitely if you see the rate of decline has curtailed over a period of time. So if I see for the last few months, the decline has been in single digit as compared to a strong double digit growth which we had seen in the past.
On the commercial vehicle side, also few of the things which are linked positively is the discount has not been moving up over the last two-three months, so more or less the discounts have remained stable. There is an element where freight rates not across the routes but in some pockets have started inching up and third thing is the comment from the financing guys indicate that there could be possibly some turnaround happening in the industry.
So second half of FY15 might turn out to be slightly better as compared to what we have seen. What we have also done is that if I see for the last 35-40 years, the commercial vehicle cycle, the cycle would last for three-four years whether it is on the up cycle or the down cycle and at this point in time we are in the third year of down cycle. So once this comes to an end, definitely there would be a retracement from the current levels and you could see the commercial vehicle growth happening much better as compared to what we have seen in the past.
RELATED NEWS

A $55mn FY15 rev pushLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Inhaler launch in EU to add $55mn to Cipla FY15 rev: Nomura
Saion Mukherjee, Head Of Research, Nomura says this is a positive development for the company. Nomura has raised its target price to Rs 569. He expects the product to add USD 27 million to Cipla revenue in FY15 and USD 110 million in FY16.
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
Cipla  hit 52-week high – rallying 7 percent to Rs 575.2 - post the announcement of the launch of Metered Dose Inhaler (MDI) called Serroflo or Salmeterol/Fluticasone combination in Germany and Sweden. The total market size there is less than USD 100 million. This new launch is a substitute for Advair.
The total market size for inhalers - Advair/ Seretide - is around USD 800 million in Europe and UK constitutes nearly half of that, which comes up to USD 350 million.
Also Read: CIMB sees earnings upgrade for Cipla in FY16
Saion Mukherjee, Head Of Research, Nomura says this is a positive development for the company. Nomura has raised its target price to Rs 569.
Mukherjee says this launch creates a sense that Cipla may be getting other approvals from other markets soon. From the market size, it is safe to assume that UK is the most important market for the company in Europe. According to him, Cipla will lauch the product in UK by end of this fiscal year or early next fiscal year. He expects revenue generation from this product to be at around USD 27 million in FY15 and USD 110 million in FY16 when the impact of UK launch will come through.
He expects the earnings traction for the company to improve going ahead.
Despite all the positives, Cipla does not feature in Nomura's top picks. Mukherjee says over the last three months, Cipla stock has run up 40 percent and is relatively expensive at current levels.
RELATED NEWS

Earnings upgrade seenLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
CIMB sees earnings upgrade for Cipla in FY16
CIMB has a target price of Rs 600 on Cipla valued at 21 times one-year forward.
Post your opinion here
08:00 am
CIMB's Prakash Agarwal says the earnings upgrades out of the inhaler portfolio for  Cipla would be seen in FY16. For FY15 the company would be focused on ramping up the product portfolio.
The house has a target price of Rs 600 on the stock valued at 21 times one-year forward, says Agarwal. The entire EU inhaler market is around USD 800 million in Europe, he adds.
Earlier the stock touched a record high post its launch of generic drug used for treatment of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease in Germany and Sweden .
Though analysts are impressed by its earlier- than-expected launch, most of them have not yet upgraded Cipla yet .
Below is the transcript of Prakash Agarwal's interview with Latha Venkatesh and Sonia Shenoy on CNBC-TV18.
Sonia: What would the impact be - the stock has already up 7 percent today?
A: More from the approval that came in yesterday, it is more on the execution capability that Cipla has demonstrated that it has launched a generic Advair MDI and it is going to cater to the complete range of inhaler portfolio which it kept on talking and now has delivered.
Now the launches have been in Germany and Sweden which are smaller markets. We expect them to launch in UK also by end of this fiscal, which is a larger market of USD 400 million. So put together they expect to cover the entire EU market in next 12 months, which is a market of around USD 800 million. So base case scenario we assume that 10-15 percent market share would be easily covered. So around USD 60-90 million is what is a base case.
Latha: What is the earnings growth you are factoring in in FY15 and FY16 and will there be a valuation re-rating also?
A: Clearly, this year I believe it is more of ramping up the product portfolio. It is fiscal 2016 where we will see earnings upgrade coming out of the inhaler portfolio. This is more of consolidation and base business impact, which is India and South Africa, which has come up well after a subdued margins of 16.5 percent in Q4, margins are already up to 20 percent in Q1.
Going forward, company is guiding for 21 percent EBITDA margin for this year and scale up in EBITDA margin to 25 percent by fiscal 2018. So that would be the scale up which would be through inhalers and that would eventually lead to 20 percent kind of earnings compounded annual growth rate (CAGR) for next three-four years.
Sonia: I didn’t get the total market size that this drug would throw up and also the stock price that you have on Cipla?
A: We have a target price of Rs 600, which is valued at 21 times one year forward and total market of MDI generic Advair is around USD 800 million in Europe.
RELATED NEWS

The only difference between a successful person and everyone else is d...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

There are not many shares in the market. it is from the old company.Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Huge increase in volumes. sure to cross 600 soon. buy more.Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Here is a chance to come out from bear grip.. 47.7.. must save ..Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Nikkei ends at 7-month high in on weak yen  reform hopesNikkei ends at 7-month high in on weak yen, reform hopes
Reuters
Tweet
TOKYO, Sept 2:  
Japan's Nikkei share average ended at a seven-month high on Tuesday in active trade as the yen slipped to a seven-month low against the dollar, sending exporters higher on hopes of a boost to earnings.
The Nikkei gained 1.2 percent to 15,668.60, the highest since mid January. The broader Topix rose 1.1 percent to 1,297.00, and the JPX-Nikkei Index 400 gained 1.1 percent to 11,763.89. A total of 2.4 billion shares changed hands on the main board, the biggest since early August.
A planned cabinet reshuffle by Prime Minister Shinzo Abe also supported sentiment, traders said.
The Nikkei business daily reported that Abe has decided to bring Yasuhisa Shiozaki, a veteran Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) and vocal proponent of overhauling Japan's Government Pension Investment Fund, for the labor and welfare minister post.
(This article was published on September 2, 2014)

Supreme Court allows open court hearing of death convict s review pleaSupreme Court allows open court hearing of death convict's review plea
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 2:  
The Supreme Court today ruled that the review plea of a death convict against his conviction and sentence be heard in an open court by at least a three-judge Bench and allowed all condemned prisoners, whose review pleas have already been decided, to approach it within a month for re-opening of their cases.
In a majority verdict by a five-judge constitution Bench, the apex court said that a death convict, whose curative petition has been decided, cannot approach for re-opening of his review plea.
While four judges, including Chief Justice R M Lodha, favoured open court hearing of review petition, one judge Justice J Chelameswar gave a dissenting verdict.
The apex court passed the order on a batch of petitions filed by six death convicts, including Red Fort attack case convict Mohammed Arif and 1993 Mumbai serial blast convict Yakub Abdul Razak Memon, pleading the court that their review pleas should have been decided in open court hearing.
Earlier, in most cases, review petitions were decided in judges’ chambers and the parties were not allowed to be present.
Other death convicts who filed the petitions are C Muniappan, B A Umesh, Sundar and Sonu Sardar.
(This article was published on September 2, 2014)

Monsoon-friendly wave higher up sends Bay of Bengal into a songRare Arabian Sea ‘low’ joins monsoon party, drives up rainfall to new high
Vinson Kurian
Satellite image taken on September 2, 2014. Source: IMD
Thiruvananthapuram, Sept 2:  
Sheer strength of flows across central and west India has torn up the skies over northeast Arabian Sea, Saurashtra, Kutch and west Gujarat for a rare low-pressure area.
This is as rare as it comes not just because of the location but also due to the presence of another ‘low’ within sniffing distance over Madhya Pradesh and east Rajasthan.
RARE ENSEMBLE
No two ‘lows’ can co-exist over land at any point of the four-month season in such close proximity except under the rarest of circumstances.
But today is no ordinary day meteorologically speaking, and represents a new peak in the heavy to very heavy monsoon conditions prevailing here in the last few days.
Collectively, the two ‘lows’ represent one of the most active phases of the monsoon ever recorded over a command area covering Gujarat and adjoining southwest Rajasthan, and that too when the monsoon should normally start withdrawing from these parts.
According to the US Climate Prediction Centre, the existing ‘low’ over Madhya Pradesh will now head north-northwest and interact with an incoming western disturbance to trigger heavy rain over Delhi-Haryana-Punjab region.
NEW-BORN ‘LOW’
The just-born ‘low’ over northeast Arabian Sea will move towards Gujarat and cross into the Bhuj-Jamnagar belt and create a wet corridor to link with the counterpart over Delhi-Punjarb region.
Already, the new ‘low’ has enlivened the offshore trough that runs now from south Gujarat to Lakshadweep. This should take care of the proceedings along the west coast.
This apart, the Bay of Bengal is expected to spin up another low-pressure area within the next two-three days.
An India Met Department update said a preparatory cyclonic circulation would park itself over northwest Bay of Bengal within the next two days.
MJO WAVE
Meanwhile, an Australian Bureau of Meteorology update identified the main driver of the enhanced monsoon as a Madden-Julian Oscillation (MJO) currently positioned over eastern Indian Ocean.
The MJO wave passes periodically from east Africa to the Pacific across the Indian Ocean and can influence ground level weather from high in the atmosphere.
It has been known to set up clouding, create low-pressure areas and storms and even oversee monsoon onsets during its transit across the Indian Ocean.
Last week, it was active over the western part of Indian Ocean and contiguous southeast Arabian Sea, triggering enhanced monsoon activity over peninsular India.
VIGOROUS MONSOON
This week, it has moved further east along its usual track and is parked now over the east, an update from the Australian Bureau of Meteorology said.
As a result, southern India, the Bay of Bengal and South-East Asia have seen an increase in monsoonal activity, it added.
The west Pacific Ocean, on the other hand, is currently under suppressed convective conditions.
There is no hint of a low-pressure area or a developing typhoon that can distract a vigorous run of the monsoon over the Indian subcontinent.
(This article was published on September 2, 2014)

Sustained FII inflows buoy market sentiment; Sensex up 100 pointsSensex breaches 27,000-mark. Pharma, cement, and telecom stocks steal the show
Mumbai, Sept 2:  
Sensex gained 152 points to register a new record high, while Nifty was up 55 points to 8,083.
The benchmark index opened on a positive note at 26888 against the previous close of 26868. It touched a high of 27083 and low of 26886 and closed 27019.
The turnover on BSE was up Rs 3,355 crore against Rs 2,941 crore on Monday.
The market rally was led by cement, telecom and pharma stocks with signs of overall improvement in economy. The fall in current account deficit and dip in the international crude oil prices signalled a positive trend.
Maruti Suzuki India lost 0.09 per cent to Rs 2,913 as the company during market hours said it will open bookings for the mid-sized premium sedan Ciaz from tomorrow. Ciaz will be available in petrol and diesel fuel options.
Coal India fell 0.47 per cent to 365 even as the company said during market hours that the coal production of the company and its subsidiary companies at 34.54 million tonnes in August was 98 per cent of the target.
Current Account Deficit narrowed sharply to $7.8 billion or 1.7 per cent of GDP in June quarter from $21.8 billion or 4.8 per cent of GDP in the same period last year. The lower CAD was primarily on account of a contraction in the trade deficit contributed by a rise in exports and a decline in imports.
The major gainers were Coromandel International (10%), Cipla (5%), Suzlon (5%), Petronet (5%), Bharati Airtel (4%), Grasim (4%), IRB (4%), Jain Irrigation (4%), Century Textile (4%), Titan (4%) and Apollo Tyre (4%).
Prominent losers were Bhushan Steel (-5%), Jindal Steel (-3%), Indian Hotel (-2%) and REC Ltd (-2%).
(This article was published on September 2, 2014)

Why PM Narendra Modi silent on Mohan Bhagwat  Yogi Adityanath  asks CongressDGCA cracks down on Jet Airways, threatens to cancel licences of nearly 140 pilots
Last month, one of Jet Airways' planes plunged several thousand feet while flying over Turkey.

Auto s motorcycle sales marginally up in AugustDGCA cracks down on Jet Airways, threatens to cancel licences of nearly 140 pilots
Last month, one of Jet Airways' planes plunged several thousand feet while flying over Turkey.

Mumbai goes dark  rotational power cuts imposed after 500 MW unit failsBS Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 02, 2014
Last Updated at 11:34 AM IST
Rotational power cuts in Mumbai imposed after 500 MW unit fails
Tata Power has imposed load shedding in Chembur, Juhu, Bandra, Kurla, Santa Cruz, Ghatkopar, Saki Naka, Tilak Nagar and Vikhroli
All of south Mumbai and parts of central Mumbai are without power today after a unit of Tata Power tripped. 
The power outage, which started at about 9:45 a.m., has been partially restored in some areas. The Brihanmumbai Electricity Supply and Transport (BEST), which supplies electricity to the island city attributed it to a trip in Tata Power's Unit No. 5, which provides about 500 MW of power to south and central Mumbai, which are home to some of India's largest corporate houses. 
In a statement released in the afternoon, Tata Power said the power supply was affected due to tripping of Unit #5 of Trombay Power Station. "This tripping has resulted in load reduction of Parel, Mahalaxmi, Dharavi, Chembur and Grant Road area of Mumbai to control loading on 220Kv Khargar - Nerul – Sonkar - Trombay tie line," the company said, adding that it was working on an early resolution.  
Reliance Power, which also takes electricity from Tata and sells it to some Mumbai areas, tweeted that Tata Power has imposed rotational load shedding in Chembur, Bandra, Kurla, Santa Cruz, Ghatkopar, Tikar Nagar, Vikhroli, Saki Naka and Juhu. 
IMPORTANT: Power restoration information: 02- Sept 2014 pic.twitter.com/KvFcghXuMg
— Reliance Energy (@Reliance_Energy) September 2, 2014
Several people are reportedly stuck in high-rises after elevators shut down because of a lack of backup power supply or generators.  
In a tweet, Anand Mahindra, chairman of the Mahindra group, said the power cut was likely because of a coal shortage. Mahindra Towers in Worli, which houses the corporate offices of the group, was also without power. 
Dark office in Mumbai.Lights out in the whole area.The coal crisis is beginning to literally show its dark side.A threat to the India story
— anand mahindra (@anandmahindra) September 2, 2014
(For the latest developments on the Mumbai power cuts, follow us on Twitter @bsindia)
 

Bajaj Auto s motorcycle sales marginally up in AugustBSE 27026.70(-59.23)
NSE 8086.85(-9.10)
SELECT      autono,      section1,      datetime,      heading,      authorname,      subheading,      content,      location,      thumbimg,      bigimg     FROM      newbsdata_api     WHERE      autono = 114090200165
Companies
Press Trust of India |  Mumbai Sep 02, 2014
Last Updated at 11:25 AM IST
Bajaj Auto's motorcycle sales marginally up in August
Motorcycle sales during the month stood at 2,84,302 units as against 2,78,583 units in August 2013
Bajaj Auto today reported 8% increase in total sales in August at 3,36,840 units as against 3,12,188 units in the same month last year.
Motorcycle sales during the month stood at 2,84,302 units as against 2,78,583 units in August 2013, the company said in a statement.
Commercial vehicles sales were at 52,538 units as compared to 33,605 units in the same month last year, up 56%.
Exports last month were up 21% at 1,75,127 units as against 1,44,160 units in August 2013, the company said.
Bajaj Auto expects its total sales this month to touch four-lakh units mark, the statement added.
 Advertisements

Japan wage growth boosts Tokyo stocksLast updated: September 2, 2014 9:13 pm
US manufacturing strength boosts dollar
By Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5a340e42-324f-11e4-b929-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Modi chides China as he embraces JapanSeptember 2, 2014 7:34 am
India’s Narendra Modi chides China as he embraces Japan
By Victor Mallet in New Delhi and Jonathan Soble in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/61256b7e-3263-11e4-a5a2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

PM says DNA of non-violence engrained in Indian societyNarendra Modi says DNA of non-violence engrained in Indian society
Ajay Kaul     Tokyo   Last Updated: September 2, 2014  | 12:42 IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi gestures as he gives a speech in front of students at the University of the Sacred Heart in Tokyo
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tueday sought to address concerns of international community over India not signing the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT) by saying that the country's commitment to peace and non-violence is engrained in the DNA of Indian society which is above any international treaty or processes.
India is a land of Lord Buddha. Buddha lived for peace and suffered for peace and that message is prevalent in India, Modi said at Sacred Heart University in Tokyo while replying to a question by a student.
During an interaction, he was asked how India would enhance trust of the international community without changing its stand on NPT, which it has refused to sign despite possessing nuclear weapons.
Modi used the land of Japan, which is the only country to have been the victim of an atom bomb attack, to send out the message on this issue amid moves to have a civil nuclear deal with Tokyo.
India refuses to sign the NPT because it considers it as flawed. Asserting that India's commitment to non-violence is total, Modi said it is engrained in the DNA of Indian society and this is above any international treaty, apparently referring to Indias refusal to sign the NPT.
In international affairs, there are some processes. But above them is the commitment of the society, he said, underlining the need for rising above the treaties. To buttress his point, the Prime Minister cited how India undertook the freedom struggle under the leadership of Mahatma Gandhi with the entire society being committed to non-violence, surprising the whole world.
He went on to add that India, for thousands of years, has had the belief in 'vasudhaiva kutumbakam' (the whole world is one family). When we consider the whole world as one family, how can we even think about doing anything that would harm or hurt anyone?
The question was asked in the context of India recently ratifying the Additional Protocol on Safeguards Agreement signed with International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), that will allow inspectors of the atomic watchdog easy access to India's civil nuclear facilities.
During the interactive session, the Prime Minister was asked by another student about how peace could be pursued in Asia despite China's expansionist designs. You seemed to be troubled a lot by China, he quipped while addressing the student amid his observation that they were asking questions like journalists. Speaking further, he carefully avoided any direct answer to the question and merely said, India is a democratic country.
Similarly, Japan is also a democratic country. If India and Japan together think about peace and positive things, we can make the world realise the strength of a democracy. We should focus on progress and development instead of paying attention to others. If we pay attention to our situation, our condition will be better.
He then narrated an imaginary story. Imagine, there is darkness in a room. Someone goes inside with a broom to remove the darkness but he will fail. Another person goes inside with a sword to remove darkness. He will also fail. Another person goes with blanket to remove darkness, but he will also fail. Then a wise man goes with a small lamp, the darkness will be chased away. A lamp peace, prosperity and democracy will never be scared of darkness.
Modi, who virtually turned into a professor at the university, also gave a lesson to the Japanese students on Indian ethos in terms of respecting the nature when asked how a rapidly-growing India would preserve ecology while pursuing sources of energy.
India is such a country where people love and communicate with nature, he said. In this context, he said earth is respected as mother, moon is treated as 'mama' (uncle), sun and Himalayas as grandfather, rivers as mother while trees are worshipped like God.
Let me tell you my own story. I come from a poor family. My uncle once started wood business but my illiterate mother told him that it is a sin to cut trees and the family would rather prefer to starve, Modi said. He said if such is the treatment given to nature, then Indians can't harm the climate.
Referring to the terminology of Climate Change, Modi questioned whether it is correct. Is it climate change or habit change. Our habits have changed and we are fighting the nature. We should rather have communication with nature. He then suggested the students to read his book 'Convenient Action' on climate.
Earlier, he told the assembly of all girls about the status of women in India, saying they are worshipped as goddesses in various forms. India is the only country which has gods in the shape of female, he said.
Coining his sentence in the context of a Cabinet, he said education is linked to Goddess Saraswati, finance to Goddess Laxmi, Security and Home Affairs to Goddess Mahakali and Food Security to Devi Annapurna.
He also pointed out that women have 33 per cent reservation in local bodies in India. He talked about his personal attachment to the girls education.
In this context, he stated that while leaving Gujarat when he became the Prime Minister, he had auctioned all the gifts he had got during his 14-year tenure as Chief Minister. Rs 78 crore were collected and it was deposited in the government treasury for use for girls education.
At the university, Modi posed for a 'selfie' with a small group of Indians who were excited on seeing him.
(PTI)

Sensex  Nifty hit new high; pharma shares leadMarket update: BSE Sensex closes above 27,000 for first time, Nifty hits new high
Abhishek Vishnoi     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 2, 2014  | 17:41 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex on Tuesday surged past the psychologically key level of 27,000 to a third consecutive record high, as blue-chips such as HDFC Bank gained after recent data raised hopes about the economy.
The 30-share BSE barometer rose as much as 0.8 per cent to a record high of 27,082.85 before provisionally ending 0.57 per cent higher.
The milestone comes a day after the broader National Stock Exchange (NSE) Nifty surpassed the 8,000 level for the first time. The 50-share Nifty also hit a record high on Tuesday, rising as much as 0.92 per cent to 8,101.95. It provisionally ended up 0.69 per cent.
HDFC Bank rose 2.2 per cent, while ITC gained 1.4 per cent .
(Reuters)

NSUI activists stage protest outside Rajnath SinghsresidencePress Trust of India | New Delhi |     September 2, 2014 12:40 pm
Scores of National Students’ Union of India (NSUI) activists on Tuesday staged a protest outside the residence of Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh over the issue of black money stashed away in foreign banks.
Protestors led by NSUI national president Roji M John raised slogans against BJP-led Central Government for “failing to bring back black money stashed in foreign banks”.
“Before Lok Sabha polls, various BJP leaders had delivered speeches claiming they would bring back black money from foreign accounts within 100 days of Modi Government. Now that 99 days are over, Modi’s government has not brought back even Rs 1 stashed in foreign banks,” John said.
“Instead of going to Japan, PM Narendra Modi should have gone to Switzerland so that he would discuss the issue of black money stashed in banks there,” he said
NSUI is today organising nationwide protests over the issue in Delhi, Mumbai, Bangalore, Ahmedabad and Kolkata. “Rajnath Singh had on April 17 this year said in Thane that his party would bring back black money stashed in foreign accounts within 100 days if they come to power. But BJP has completely failed to bring back this money,” NSUI national spokesperson Amrish Ranjan Pandey said. Police had to erect barricades outside Rajnath’s house to prevent protestors from entering inside.
As they refused to budge, police detained some NSUI leaders, including John, and took them to Parliament Street police station.

Bullet Rani not spoof on Gabbar Singh :DirectorIndo-Asian News Service | Chennai |     September 2, 2014 12:36 pm
Telugu-Kannada bilingual “Bullet Rani” features actress Nisha Kothari in the role of a police officer, but the movie is not a spoof of Pawan Kalyan-starrer “Gabbar Singh”, says its director Suresh Goswami.
“I don’t mind if my film is called the female version of ‘Gabbar Singh’, but it’s definitely not a spoof. In fact, Nisha’s role is inspired by Pawan’s tough cop act in his film. We’ve only tried to portray a strong woman in a police officer’s role,” Goswami told IANS.
He is “confident” that “Bullet Rani” will give Nisha a much needed break from her image.
“Nisha is a talented actress. She’s been typecast in certain roles, and therefore, we haven’t seen the best of her. I’m confident that ‘Bullet Rani’ will present her in a different avatar and that’s going to win her laurels,” he said.
The film is currently in its final schedule of shooting.

Alec Baldwin argues withcopsPress Trust of India | Los Angeles |     September 2, 2014 12:36 pm
Alec Baldwin has been captured on camera having a heated conversation with a police officer following an angry encounter with a paparazzo. In a video, the ’30 Rock’ star can be seen talking to a police officer with raised voice.
The clip was taken on August 31 in a park in East Hampton, reported TMZ. A source close to the 56-year-old actor explained that the star’s outburst started when he and his family were approached by a paparazzo.
A police officer who happened to be nearby reportedly tried to calm him down. The officer then called backups when his attempt was fruitless. Another officer eventually succeeded in making Baldwin and the photographer shake hands before leaving the scene.
Baldwin recently was told by a judge to ‘be a good boy’ following his arrest for disorderly conduct.

Thailand: Land of smiles andhappinessThousand Year Old Prasat Hin Phimai, Temple (Source: Sandip Hor)
Written by Sandip Hor |     September 2, 2014 12:34 pm
I have just come back from one of my favourite destinations – Thailand where nothing appear to have changed since it has come under military rule in May this year. I was once again immersed in that quintessential “Thainess” which indelibly colours the nation and bestows the sense of an ancient land of enormous cultural and topographical diversity. As usual, I found the locals happy, vibrant and welcoming to hordes of international travellers with a smile on their face.
Blessed with a tropical climate, Thailand uniquely offers a graceful blend of antiquity with modernity. In other words I say that variety is indeed the spice of life in this nation. From the excitement of ultramodern Bangkok to the glorious ruins of ancient settlements and from lush forested hills of the North to the white sandy beaches and tropical islands of the South, this Siamese Kingdom offers a medley of sights, scenes that rewards every visitor in its own way, myself being no exception. I have ventured there several times in the last two decades and every visit has been most rewarding for me in all possible ways from enjoying nature, history and cultural richness to filling suitcases with bargains, enjoying mouth-watering cuisine and relishing contemporary lifestyle elements.
This visit I discovered the Nakhon Ratchasima region around Isan province in the North-East where a blend of history, culture and picturesque nature enthralled me, most intriguing being exploring the Phimai Historical Park which dots the ruins of 1000 years old Prasat Hin Phimai, one of the nation’s most significant Mahayana Buddhist sanctuary.
At first sight, image of Angkor Wat in Cambodia flashed my mind, there being serious resemblance in style, setting and construction details between the two – both built by Khmer rulers almost at the same period.
Temple carving (Source: Indian Express)
Lion statue (Source: Sandip Hor)
Beautiful Pottery (Source: Sandip Hor)
Bangkok shopping (Source: Sandip Hor)
For access into the heart of the shrine, we crossed the Naga Bridge, which is a sandstone platform with set of stairs on three sides each adorning a lion statue at its footsteps. It’s a typical example of Angkor Wat period design. This bridge is believed to link human and heavenly realms as per Buddhist and Hindu cosmology.
The most important part of the sanctuary, the inner courtyard houses the central tower Artistic carvings appear on different parts of the tower, particularly at the gables and lintels, depicting stories of Ramayana and Buddhism. There are statuettes of Lord Shiva as well, in his dancing pose.
The interior of the main shrine, like in any Hindu temple is called “Garbhagriha”, which holds today an ancient statue continued…

Bitter pill: States pvt hospitals may have to pay VAT formedicinesPrint
Written by Tanvir A Siddiqui | Ahmedabad |     September 2, 2014 12:24 pm
If the Commercial Tax Department in the state has its way, then medical bills of indoor patients undergoing treatment in major private hospitals will go up, thanks to a move to levy value added tax (VAT) on medicines.
In fact, the department has already asked as many as 39 private hospitals to furnish account details of past three years for scrutiny.
Irked by this decision, the hospitals plan to fight it out on grounds of differential interpretation of legal provisions in this regard. Their argument is that the medicines given to patients are for treatment and not sold to them, so there should be no VAT imposed on these medicines.
“The medicines are given as a part of the treatment. They, in no way, amount to separate and independent sales. Therefore, the hospitals are not liable to pay the tax on consumption of medicines in such way,” said the officials of Association of Healthcare Providers in India in a statement.
However, the department is adamant. “Yes, we have been carrying out inquiries and sought the accounts records from prominent hospitals in Ahmedabad, Rajkot, Jamnagar and Bhavnagar among other places for a period of the past three years,”said Bhargav Mankad, additional commissioner in commercial tax department, on Monday.
Of the 39 hospitals that are under the state government’s scanner, 19 are in Ahmedabad, Mankad informed. AHSPI director-general Dr Girdhar Gyani said it was true that the department was going ahead with its plans of levying VAT on medicines given to indoor patients, the association would continue its resistance as “it is a matter open to interpretation that cannot be taken up arbitrarily”.
Neeraj Lal, secretary of AHSPI and Chief Operations Officer of Sunshine Global Hospital, Surat, said that a delegation will meet state finance minister Saurabh Patel on Tuesday to sort out the issue. “AT on medicines given to indoor patients is sought to be levied only on Gujarat. It is not in force in any other state in the country,” Lal said. He said the department was taking the issuance of medicines to indoor patients as part of contract of sale, “whereas in effect, it is contract of services … right from the stage of diagnosis, accommodation, treatment and medicines to patient, which cannot be considered ‘sale”.

Revealed: Angelina Jolies wedding dress features her childrensdrawingsAngelina Jolie's gown featured colourful drawings and scribblings by Jolie and Pitt’s six children – Maddox, Pax, Zahara, Shiloh, Knox and Vivienne.
Written by Sunitra Pacheco , Edited by Sarika Sharma | Mumbai |     September 2, 2014 2:45 pm
Hollywood’s hottest couple Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt finally tied the knot in an intimate ceremony held in the chapel of their French castle and vineyard estate Chateau Miraval, near Correns in the south of France.
The couple recently released pictures of their gorgeous wedding day. Angelina was absolutely stunning in an ivory coloured custom-designed wedding dress by Luigi Massi of Atelier Versace.
While the dress was simple and elegant from the front, with a scoop neck, fitted ruched bodice and flowing bottom, the veil and back portion of the dress featured colourful drawings and scribblings by Jolie and Pitt’s six children – Maddox, Pax, Zahara, Shiloh, Knox and Vivienne.
Versace shared the pic on Twitter and congratulated the couple.
Congratulations Angelina Jolie! You look sensational in my creation for your special day! Lots of love, DV pic.twitter.com/l0GafaxsAz
— Versace (@Versace) September 2, 2014
Pior to their big day, it was known that both Angelina and Brad were eager to have their children involved in the wedding. The couple’s eldest sons 13-year-old Maddox and 10-year-old Pax walked their mother down the aisle. Zahara, nine, and Vivienne, six, were the two flower girls, and eight-year-old Shiloh and six-year-old Knox were the ring bearers. Pax reportedly baked the wedding cake as well.
Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt met on the sets of their film ‘Mr and Mrs Smith’. Brad Pitt was previously married to Jennifer Aniston, while Jolie was first married to Jonny Lee Miller, and then Billy Bob Thornton.

No military solution to Ukraine crisis  UN chiefwarnsBan stressed there should be a political dialogue for a political solution. ( Source: Express Archive )
Agence-France Presse | Kiev |     September 2, 2014 12:00 pm
UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon warned Western powers on Tuesday “there is no military solution” to the Ukraine crisis, after the government in Kiev accused Russia of launching a “great war”. As NATO prepares to upgrade its combat readiness in eastern Europe, Ban said he was greatly concerned at developments in Ukraine and wanted to avoid further deterioration to “a very chaotic and dangerous situation”.
“I know the European Union, the Americans and most of the Western countries are discussing very seriously among themselves how to handle this matter,” he said during a visit to New Zealand. “What is important at this time is that they should know there is no military solution in this. There should be a political dialogue for a political solution, that is the more sustainable way,” Ban stressed.
His comments came after European-mediated talks on the fast-escalating crisis opened on Monday behind closed doors in the Belarussian capital Minsk, attended by Ukraine government, separatist and Russian envoys. The rebels have launched a major counter-offensive in
recent days that the Ukrainian government and its Western allies claim is backed by Russian forces — a charge Moscow denies.
Ukraine’s Defence Minister Valeriy Geletey vowed yesterday to “immediately mount defences against Russia, which is trying not only to secure positions held by terrorists before but to advance on other territories of Ukraine”. “A great war arrived at our doorstep, the likes of which Europe has not seen since World War II,” he wrote on Facebook, warning of “tens of thousands of deaths”.
Russian agencies quoted rebel representatives at the Belarus meeting demanding that Kiev provide the separatist regions of Donetsk and Lugansk with a “unique procedure” that would let them integrate closer with Russia. The developments came a day after Russian President Vladimir Putin said for the first time that the issue of “statehood” should be discussed in talks on the crisis in the east, where fighting has killed more than 2,600 people since mid-April.
Incoming EU chief diplomat Italian Foreign Minister Federica Mogherini will on Tuesday outline to the European parliament’s foreign affairs committee her view of the Ukraine crisis along with other international issues. On the ground, Kiev said its forces south of the rebel hub of Lugansk were forced to retreat from the local airfield and a nearby village after withstanding artillery fire and fighting a Russian tank battalion.

High School Musical teamreunitesPress Trust of India | Los Angeles |     September 2, 2014 11:53 am
Eight years after the original ‘High School Musical’ aired on TV, many of the cast and crew of the hit movie got together for a special reunion.
Director Kenny Ortega, choreographer Chucky Klapow, and stars Vanessa Hudgens, Ashley Tisdale, Monique Coleman, and Corbin Bleu all gathered for a dinner in Los Angeles last weekend, reported Us magazine.
The reunion was in honour of superfan Camilla Simon, who won a special Prizeo contest and was given the opportunity to spend the evening with the Disney stars. “‘Kenny’s Angels’ giving so much face.
There would be no ‘us’ without this guy! He brings the magic Thx KO for being the glue. Love you,” former ‘Dancing With the Stars’ contestant Coleman, who played book smart Taylor McKessie in HSM, captioned one photo with famed director Ortega.

Thailand: Land of smiles and happinessThousand Year Old Prasat Hin Phimai, Temple (Source: Sandip Hor)
Written by Sandip Hor |     September 2, 2014 12:34 pm
I have just come back from one of my favourite destinations – Thailand where nothing appear to have changed since it has come under military rule in May this year. I was once again immersed in that quintessential “Thainess” which indelibly colours the nation and bestows the sense of an ancient land of enormous cultural and topographical diversity. As usual, I found the locals happy, vibrant and welcoming to hordes of international travellers with a smile on their face.
Blessed with a tropical climate, Thailand uniquely offers a graceful blend of antiquity with modernity. In other words I say that variety is indeed the spice of life in this nation. From the excitement of ultramodern Bangkok to the glorious ruins of ancient settlements and from lush forested hills of the North to the white sandy beaches and tropical islands of the South, this Siamese Kingdom offers a medley of sights, scenes that rewards every visitor in its own way, myself being no exception. I have ventured there several times in the last two decades and every visit has been most rewarding for me in all possible ways from enjoying nature, history and cultural richness to filling suitcases with bargains, enjoying mouth-watering cuisine and relishing contemporary lifestyle elements.
This visit I discovered the Nakhon Ratchasima region around Isan province in the North-East where a blend of history, culture and picturesque nature enthralled me, most intriguing being exploring the Phimai Historical Park which dots the ruins of 1000 years old Prasat Hin Phimai, one of the nation’s most significant Mahayana Buddhist sanctuary.
At first sight, image of Angkor Wat in Cambodia flashed my mind, there being serious resemblance in style, setting and construction details between the two – both built by Khmer rulers almost at the same period.
Temple carving (Source: Indian Express)
Lion statue (Source: Sandip Hor)
Beautiful Pottery (Source: Sandip Hor)
Bangkok shopping (Source: Sandip Hor)
For access into the heart of the shrine, we crossed the Naga Bridge, which is a sandstone platform with set of stairs on three sides each adorning a lion statue at its footsteps. It’s a typical example of Angkor Wat period design. This bridge is believed to link human and heavenly realms as per Buddhist and Hindu cosmology.
The most important part of the sanctuary, the inner courtyard houses the central tower Artistic carvings appear on different parts of the tower, particularly at the gables and lintels, depicting stories of Ramayana and Buddhism. There are statuettes of Lord Shiva as well, in his dancing pose.
The interior of the main shrine, like in any Hindu temple is called “Garbhagriha”, which holds today an ancient statue continued…

PM Modi: India offers 3Ds to Japan; democracy  demography & demandgdp
(PM Modi said, "There is no…)
NEW DELHI: Inviting Japanese investors to 'Make in India', Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday said, "There is no better place than India for Japanese investors. India is one of the most competitive markets in the world."
Addressing Japan's Nikkei Exchange , Modi said that India offers the three essential 'Ds' for businessmen to thrive namely; Democracy, Demography and Demand. "It is important for Japan to move to low cost hubs of manufacturing."
Promising a conducive environment for investors, Modi said, "Foreign investors need a proper environment to grow in India. We are working towards improving ease of doing business in India." "There is no red tape but red carpet in India. We have eased off a lot of regulations," Modi sought to assure.
Talking about Japan's prowess in hardware manufacturing, Modi advocated India's robust software industry. "India is known for its software services, Japan for its hardware. Let's work together to enhance the two," Modi said.
He told Japanese investors that India is a "god gifted location" for reaching out to global markets. Modi said his government is ready to offer whatever is required to promote foreign investment into India.
"Without Japan, India is incomplete and without India, Japan is incomplete", he said.
Modi also said that India plans to roll out metro trains in at least 50 cities. Government is focused on promoting small & medium industries, Modi added. "India has a government that is working on development, to increase manufacturing."
Confident of great results from India-Japan ties, Modi said, "India & Japan can create history by working together in several sectors such as digital, solar energy, technology, skills."
Citing the recent spurt in GDP growth, Modi said, "Within 100 days of our government, we have managed to achieve a 5.7% growth. GDP growth indicates that our policies, decisions and ease of business are yielding results."
Hardselling India as a manufacturing destination, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today invited Japanese investments, saying the era of "red tape" has been replaced by "red carpet" with ease of doing business and liberalisation.
"I have come to assure you that there is no Red Tape but Red Carpet in India. For the ease of business, we have changed so many rules. Never has earlier any government done so much in such a short time," he said, while underlining the "speed" at which decisions are taken by his government.
(With inputs from PTI)

100 days of Modi Govt: Sensex rallies nearly 9%; top bets | Top 23 midcap ideas100 days of Narendra Modi government
(The S&P BSE Sensex has been…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex hit 27,000 in today's intraday trade; marking eighth straight day of gains. Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also breached 8,100 levels for the first time.
Indian markets have witnessed their best period in the past 100 days after the NDA government took charge on 26 May, 2014. Both the Sensex and the Nifty have managed to hit fresh record highs almost on a daily basis, supported by strong global liquidity and robust macro numbers.
Tuesday marks the 100th day since Narendra Modi was sworn in as India's 14th Prime Minister. The S&P BSE Sensex has rallied nearly 9 per cent since then.
The S&P BSE Sensex has been the best performing market among the major global markets, up over 27 per cent so far in the year 2014, supported by strong global liquidity and expectation of pro-growth reforms from the newly-elected Modi government.
According to experts, one thing which stands out since NDA took over the charge is the fact that business confidence is back and macro data points are also showing signs of revival, which is good for both the economy and the markets.
"I agree that investor sentiment is really very solid. It is not just in India. We have talked to many international investors and almost uniformly there is a lot of confidence in India's growth potential now and we certainly are in a very good position," said Saugata Bhattacharya, Economist, Axis Bank.
"Even domestically, although the agricultural scenario is still relatively deficient rains, but I do not think anything as bad is likely to happen. So, we have a long way to go in terms of moving up the growth trajectory," he added.
Indian has managed to attract strong FII flows so far in the year 2014 despite geo-political uncertainties and this was possible because India managed to bring down fiscal deficit, current account deficit and revival in GDP growth.
"A better environment is beginning to set up for a recovery to happen without really pushing inflation higher because in this particular quarter (June qtr), if you look at GDP deflator based inflation, it has actually gone up for the whole GDP by almost a per cent compared to Q4 in the services sector," said Gaurav Kapur, Senior Economist at RBS.
"Over the next couple of quarters, we would see some tampering down of growth, but on the whole for the year, I think that we will be able get a 5.5 per cent growth with some revival in manufacturing, services and improvement in the investment activity," he added.
Betting big on the government's reforms agenda, net investments by overseas investors into India so far this year reached USD 30-billion level, while their cumulative total inflows into the country crossed the $200-billion mark, said a PTI report.
We have collated a list of top ten stock ideas from brokerage firms for the next 12 months:
Brokerage Firm: Prabhudas Lilladher
Infosys: Target price set at Rs 4,040
Infosys continues with its effort to sharpen the sales team. We see more new strategic initiatives to prioritize investments in 'sales & marketing' under the new leadership of Dr. Vishal Sikka. We expect new strategic initiatives to be announced by Infosys under the new leadership of Dr. Vishal Sikka.
  HDFC Bank: Target price set at Rs 925
Underlying macros remain challenging impacting financials, but we see limited risks to earnings growth as the bank sweats out its branches further and credit costs will get cushioned by floating buffer. Higher RORWAs/ROEs will help sustain premium valuations.
State Bank of India: Target price set at Rs 3,000
SBI's asset quality has improved on some ARC sales and better recoveries. Though slippages are still high, but overall stress seems to be diminishing, bringing stability to asset quality. Opex efficiencies are now kicking in on measures of correction overheads and are also best placed on pension and wage provisions which will keep Opex growth lowest among peers.
Larsen & Toubro Ltd: Target price set at Rs 1,813
L&T has maintained its guidance, given for the consolidated entity at the start of the year, of 15 per cent revenue growth and 20 per cent order inflow growth in FY15. The management expects ordering in the domestic market to pick up in H2FY15. They expect the strong momentum in inflow from the export market to continue in FY15.
The stock is trading at core PE of 16.5x FY16E earnings. L&T continues to be the best play in the Indian infrastructure space, given its strong business model, diverse skill sets, strong execution capabilities and relatively healthy/large balance sheet.
Wipro: Target price set at Rs 680
The management asserted for stronger H2FY15 than H1FY15 on the back of large deal wins over the last six months. Weakness in Q2FY15 guidance was attributed to rampdown, project closure and delay in ramp-up of the new project.

Sensex scores a 100 on 100 days of Modi government; top 20 betsYou are here: Home > Collections > Trade
Sensex, Nifty at record highs; top 20 trading ideas
ET Now Sep 2, 2014, 02.02PM IST
Tags:
Adani Ports
("Investors definitely…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex rallied over 215 points in trade on Tuesday to hit its fresh record high of 27,082.85, while the Nifty too registered a fresh life-high of 8,101.95 in trade today.
The Sensex jumped 1,000 points in just 12 trading sessions. The rally in the index was led by gains in Cipla, Bharti Airtel, Sun Pharma and HDFC Bank.
At 2:01 p.m.; the 50-share index was at 8,099.20, up 71.50 points or 0.89 per cent. It touched all-time high of 8,101.95 and a low of 8,036.55 in trade.
The S&P BSE Sensex was at 27,075.05, up 207.50 points or 0.77 per cent. It touched all-time high of 27,082.85 and a low of 26,886.22 in trade.
"Investors definitely need to exercise caution considering the fact that markets have already run up quite a bit. But to say that there is no scope to invest in this market, I would not agree to that," said Sudip Bandyopadhyay, President, Destimoney Securities Pvt. Ltd.
"There are still enough and more opportunities. Infrastructure as an area, real estate as an area, the entire power sector as an area still is a long-long way to go and these will go on the back of the reforms, on the back of removal of the bottlenecks which have been plaguing these sectors," he added.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
ACC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1575 and a stop loss of Rs 1510
Century Textiles is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 655 and a stop loss of Rs 610
Apollo Tyres is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 195 and a stop loss of Rs 177
Adani Ports is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 310 and a stop loss of Rs 285
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
McLeod Russel is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 310 and a stop loss of Rs 291
Petronet LNG is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 205 and a stop loss of Rs 187
Bajaj Auto is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2350 and a stop loss of Rs 2279
Tree House Education is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 450 and a stop loss of Rs 394
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
Bharti Airtel is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 403 and a stop loss of Rs 384
Ultratech is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2770 and a stop loss of Rs 2710
Century Textiles is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 640 and a stop loss of Rs 615
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
Biocon is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 505 and a stop loss of Rs 485
Century Textiles is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 637 and a stop loss of Rs 610
DLF Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 186 and a stop loss of Rs 180
Rakesh Bansal, VP, RK Global
Ambuja Cements is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 223 and a stop loss of Rs 205.50
LG Balakrishnan & Bros is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 587 and a stop loss of Rs 515
VIP Industries is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 106.50 and a stop loss of Rs 97.50
Shrikant Chouhan, Senior VP-Technical Research, Kotak Securities
HDFC Bank is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 900 and a stop loss of Rs 838
IRB Infrastructure is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 270 and a stop loss of Rs 243
JK Tyre is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 335 and a stop loss of Rs 285
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

TVS Motor makes 52-week high on August sales figureAugust sale
(At 10:30 AM; TVS Motor Company…)
NEW DELHI: TVS Motor Company Ltd rallied as much as 4.3 per cent in trade on Tuesday to hit its fresh 52-week high of Rs 201.80, after the company reported a 47 per cent growth in two-wheelers in the month of August 2014 to 217,662 units from 148,469 units recorded in August 2013.
The Chennai-based company had sold 1,55,532 units in the same month last year, TVS Motor Company said in a statement.
At 10:30 AM; TVS Motor Company Ltd was trading 2.7 per cent higher at Rs 198.65. It hit a low of Rs 196.90 and a 52-week high of Rs 201.80 in trade today.
Total two-wheeler sales increased by 47 per cent to 2,17,662 units in August 2014 as against 1,48,469 units in the same month a year ago.
Domestic two-wheeler sales stood at 1,90,547 units last month, up 50 per cent, from 1,27,095 units in the year-ago period, it added.
Scooters sales during the month grew by 84 per cent to 67,240 units in August 2014 as against 36,478 units in the corresponding month last year, said a PTI report.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rural wares reach the urban spaceUpdated: September 2, 2014 12:42 IST
Rural wares reach the urban space
Anasooya Sakthidharan
Wide array:Products on display at the IRDP Mela at the Manjalikulam SMV School grounds in Thiruvananthapuram.— Photo: C. Ratheesh Kumar
Products at Swarnajayanti Gram Swarojgar Yojana (SGSY) mela range from food to décor to jewellery
Entrepreneurship with a warm and homely rural touch —that is what the Integrated Rural Development Programme (IRDP) and the Swarnajayanti Gram Swarojgar Yojana (SGSY) Mela that began at the Manjalikulam SMV School grounds here on Monday is all about.
Organised by the Thiruvananthapuram district panchayat and the District Poverty Alleviation Unit, the event, inaugurated by Deputy Speaker N. Shaktan is slated to continue till September 5. The mela has rural products from 11 block panchayats of Thiruvananthapuram, mostly results of self-employment projects initiated via Kudumbasree. The products range from food to home décor and from garments to jewellery. Special focus was given to handlooms and handicrafts, the organisers said. “They may be the last generation to make such handicraft products. The handicrafts are on the way to extinction,” said George Jacob, Project Director, Poverty Alleviation Unit.
The food products include coconut oil, wine made from gooseberry and ginger, wild honey, sweet and sour chips made with jackfruit and garlic, various spices, tamarind, jaggery, tea powder, pickles, and boiled tapioca and fish curry.
The home décor and decorative items are mostly made of clay and steel with a variety of bamboo products too on display.
Bamboo jewellery
Jewellery made of paper and bamboo too are being sold at affordable prices.
The garments section has handloom saris from Balaramapuram and khadi shirts and dress material apart from a host of readymade dresses. Kitchen utensils, household items including cane and bamboo furniture, washing soaps, cleaning lotions, candles and incense sticks are also available.
Saplings, including those of medicinal plants, organic vegetables, a stall of the Department of Dairy Development where the quality of milk can be tested, a Prakriti Biotech stall where bio-pesticides and fertilizers are available, and a stall of the palliative care unit too are among those that are attracting visitors on day one. G. Mohan, an entrepreneur at the event, said he had found the mela a “profit making opportunity,” which was why he came every year.

The cult of Xiaomi seeks world dominationThe cult of Xiaomi seeks world domination
By Charles Riley and Kristie Lu Stout  @CNNTech September 2, 2014: 10:17 AM ET
 
Xiaomi: Why we're not Apple
HONG KONG (CNNMoney)
Hugo Barra walks on stage to cheers from several hundred ardent fans. The Xiaomi executive, wearing a wig and sequined silver shirt, launches into a Chinese song and dance routine.
While still several notches below Beatlemania, the Hong Kong fan fest hosted Saturday by the Chinese smartphone maker didn't feel like a typical tech event. One lucky fan got a free television. A few others won shiny new smartphones. The enthusiasm was palpable.
Barra, the former head of product management at Google's android unit, said that Xiaomi's fan events can feel "like a rock concert."
"The atmosphere is that of a Justin Bieber concert," Barra told CNN. "We cater these events to our loyal fans. These are the people who have been following our brand for a long time. They have all the devices. They read everything about us."
The events seem to be working. Xiaomi, founded just four years ago by Lei Jun, was crowned king of the Chinese smartphone market in the second quarter, with a 14% share. They sold more phones than any other company -- even Apple ( AAPL , Tech30 ) and Samsung ( SSNLF ).
"That obviously happened much faster than we thought," Barra said. "We're building the best possible products we can. And we've managed to accelerate the rate with which we've been introducing new products into the Chinese market."
Related: Xiaomi is China's new smartphone king
The privately-owned company is known in China for its cheap phones and skillful marketing. The devices -- which some critics deride as Apple knockoffs -- typically cost around $130, little more than the parts and labor. Xiaomi makes money on all the extras.
"You can say that we're an Internet platform company before we're a smartphone vendor," Barra said. "The phones are actually the delivery vehicle for the software."
Xiaomi poached Barra from Google last year to help it become a global player. Indonesia, Mexico, Russia, Thailand and Turkey are all target markets. Barra is now living in Bangalore and preparing to launch the company in India. He is going to Brazil next.
Related: China's Xiaomi poaches top Google exec
If consumers in those markets are as receptive as audiences in China, Xiaomi might be hard to stop.
One fan at the Hong Kong event told CNN he had already bought three Xiaomi phones -- plus a few TV accessories.
"They're selling a dream," he said. "The products are cheaper. They sell at a price where you can't find phones. Not a good one at least."
Yet even as Xiaomi expands, the company faces accusations that it is copying Apple's products, marketing and style.
"What [critics] don't realize is that little-known Xiaomi has actually been the source of ideas that have been used around the world ... by others," Barra said, citing a design feature of the operating system that creates a blurry background.
While Xiaomi will eventually offer its phones in tier one markets, it's not a priority. Asked if Xiaomi even needed to sell in the U.S., Barra said no.
"Frankly, we don't." he said. "It's important for us to be there, but we're not in a rush."
-- CNN's Ravi Hiranand contributed reporting.
First Published: September 2, 2014: 2:53 AM ET
Join the Conversation

Ruble hits record low on sanction threatRussia's ruble at lowest level ever as new sanctions loom
By Alanna Petroff  @AlannaPetroff September 1, 2014: 10:45 AM ET
LONDON (CNNMoney)
Russia's currency has hit its lowest level ever against the U.S. dollar as the risk of new Western sanctions threatens more economic damage.
The European Union said Saturday that it was preparing to issue new sanctions as soon as this week in response to signs that Russia had sent troops into Ukraine.
Russia has denied that its armed forces are active in the country.
The ruble slid 0.5% against the dollar Monday, taking its losses for the year to about 13%. One dollar will now buy you about 37.5 rubles.
The sliding currency will make life harder for Russians by raising the cost of imports, which could further fuel inflation that has already risen to about 7.5%.
Related: 10 Western companies getting slammed in Russia
Russia's central bank has hiked interest rates three times since March to tame inflation and defend the ruble, but may find it politically tricky to raise the cost of borrowing still further.
"The bank has come under heavy criticism from a number of government officials for tightening monetary policy in times when the economy is extremely weak," said Liza Ermolenko, an emerging markets economist at Capital Economics.
Russia's slowing economy has been brought to the brink of recession by the crisis, which has scared off investors and depressed consumer sentiment.
 
Russia closes flagship Moscow McDonald's
Sanctions, and the threat of more to come, are beginning to hurt Russian and Western companies.

Sensex inches towards 27000; HDFC twins  pharma leadSep 02, 2014, 12.47 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex inches towards 27000; HDFC twins, pharma lead
Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy Labs gained 3-3.5 percent after sources said Drug Controller General Of India (DCGI) reinstated European Union export licence to Ranbaxy's Toansa unit. DCGI had suspended supply from that unit to EU in May.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex inches towards 27000; HDFC twins, pharma lead
Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy Labs gained 3-3.5 percent after sources said Drug Controller General Of India (DCGI) reinstated European Union export licence to Ranbaxy's Toansa unit. DCGI had suspended supply from that unit to EU in May.
Post your opinion here
Moneycontrol Bureau
12:40pm Telecom stocks on buyers' radar
Investors continued to buy shares of telecom stocks on Tuesday on reports that the Narendra Modi government is planning a new super regulator for the communications sector.
New regulator will be called as Communications Commission, which may replace Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI), sources told CNBC-TV18.
The Telecom Disputes Settlement and Appellate Tribunal (TDSAT) may also get replaced by Communications Appellate Tribunal, sources add.
The scrip of Bharti Airtel rose 3.55 percent to Rs 389.30 and Idea Cellular climbed 4.06 percent to Rs 174.20 while Reliance Communications was up 2.08 percent at Rs 120.45 and Tata Teleservices (Maharashtra) advanced 1.15 percent to Rs 11.39 on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
12:20pm Auto sales to see strong growth?
The festive season that started with Ganesh Chaturthi will augur well for the slacking automotive sector, believe industry experts Ajay Shethiya, Auto Analyst at Centrum Broking and Sundeep Kumar Bafna, MD of Fortpoint.
Speaking to CNBC-TV18 on their expectations for the upcoming days, Bafna says most dealers have stocked themselves to the brim to cater to the festive demand. He expects the demand pick up seen in August to continue in September too.
Auto sales have seen a significant pick up in August. Auto majors Maruti Suzuki, Honda Cars, Hyundai and Nissan reported healthy growth in domestic sales and two-wheeler maker Hero Motocorp sold 5,58,609 units of two-wheelers in August, registering growth of 21 percent over the corresponding month of previous year.
Shethiya expects this pick up to continue resulting in a better H2FY15. He believes the trend in auto sector is reversing as every cycle last for four years and we are already in the third year of the slowdown. 
12:00pm Equity benchmarks remained in positive terrain in noon trade with the Sensex inching towards 27000 level supported by HDFC twins, healthcare, telecom and auto stocks.
The Sensex climbed 110.67 points to 26978.22 and the Nifty jumped 40.05 points to 8067.75. Advancing shares outnumbered declining ones by a ratio of 1648 to 969 on the BSE.
Prabhat Awasthi, Head of Equities & MD, India Nomura Financial Advisory sees Sensex at 30,000 in 12-months time on the back of earnings growth momentum. According to him, there is no reason to become structurally negative on India right now.
Awasthi expects market to re-rate on inflation and growth based tailwinds. In fact, he believes the recent election-led euphoria discounts the expectations of pick up in growth.
Cipla topped the buying list, up nearly 7 percent on its launch of inhaler Seroflo in Germany, Sweden. This is a significant development for the company as it monetised its respiratory portfolio in the developed market. Bank of America Merrill Lynch and Morgan Stanley expect this to be a USD 150 million opportunity for Cipla while Nomura increased target price to Rs 569 from Rs 439.
Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy Labs gained 3-3.5 percent after sources said Drug Controller General Of India (DCGI) reinstated European Union export licence to Ranbaxy's Toansa unit. DCGI had suspended supply from that unit to EU in May.
Housing finance company HDFC and private sector lender HDFC Bank gained 1 percent and 1.8 percent, respectively.
11:09
BSE Sensex, Nifty continue to surge; IT & metals tad weak
Cipla is up over 6 percent while Bharti, Sun Pharma, Hero and HDFC Bank are top gainers in the Sensex. Metals and IT stocks are seeing some but of profit booking. Among the losers are Sesa Sterlite, Tata Motors, HUL, Infosys and Wipro.

Learnings from Bihar by-polls: No easy walk for Amit ShahLearnings from Bihar by-polls: No easy walk for Amit Shah
R Jagannathan
Firstpost.com
There is always a danger of reading too much – or too little – into byelection results . So one has to be careful about rushing to quick judgments about the results that came in from Bihar (where the Lalu Prasad-Nitish Kumar has won six out of 10 seats, four at the cost of BJP), Karnataka (where the BJP has ceded one seat to Congress), Madhya Pradesh (where too the Congress has wrested one from BJP). It is only in Punjab that the scores are even between the Akali-BJP combine and Congress (one each).
The right things to conclude are the following:
One, voting in the state assemblies may not follow trends in the Lok Sabha elections, where the issues were completely different and Narendra Modi was a deciding factor for marginal voters. In state assembly polls, people are not voting for Modi. They are voting on local
issues, for local leaders.
Two, the BJP’s losses – in Bihar, Karnataka and Madhya Pradesh – can thus be read as the end of wave-like conditions that prevailed in May 2014. It is also about people wanting to ensure that there is a strong opposition to the BJP in states.
Three, the four state assembly elections due this year – to Maharashtra, Haryana, Jammu & Kashmir and Jharkhand – will need re-strategising on the part of the BJP based on local factors. The party cannot merely count on Modi’s charisma to pull ahead. Delhi, too,
will need a completely new gameplan. The aura of the Lok Sabha win will not carry the BJP through. It also means the BJP should not be overly optimistic of making big gains by going it alone. It needs allies as much as its allies need it.
Four, however, to conclude the opposite – that the BJP’s ride is over – would also be a mistake. A byelection is not the same as an election that will decide who will form the next government. In Bihar, the Lalu-Nitish-Congress alliance of convenience has won the day, but the war is ahead. The alliance will have to stay together all through the coming year-and-a-half, when the state government will also be battling anti-incumbency factors. It is one thing to band together for winning byelections that will not change the state government, quite another to work together to form the next government.
Five, despite the psychological dent, the BJP’s hold at the Centre is not in doubt. Reason: in a recent poll conducted by Hansa Research for India Today in the first half of August, the NDA is actually shown gaining in strength , with its seat count rising from 335 to 354. The BJP itself is expected to win 314 seats, up from the 282 it won in May 2014. Once again, this proves that national elections are different from local assembly ones.
That said, it is time to look at who the real winners and losers are after this round of byelections. (More are to come in Uttar Pradesh and other states.
The biggest loser is actually Nitish Kumar of the Janata Dal (United). It is clear that by aligning with Lalu Prasad, he has sacrificed his own image as a development and governance messiah. He had to make peace with Lalu in order to keep the Modi-led BJP at bay in Bihar after the Lok Sabha debacle. He also had to sacrifice his chief ministership. Since there is no chance that he will be CM even if the combine wins the next assembly polls, Nitish Kumar is clearly the loser. It is highly unlikely that Nitish will be allowed to become CM next year as long as Lalu is his partner.
The biggest winner is, conversely, Lalu Prasad, who now looks like the man who can take on Modi, forcing a bitter rival like Nitish to come onto his platform.
The other big gainer is Karnataka Chief Minister Siddharamaiah, who has regained his winning streak. If he lost the Lok Sabha elections badly to the BJP, he has gained by wresting one seat from the party in the bypolls. This will strengthen his hands in the state, and the party high command will not want to unsettle him by lending dissidents an attentive ear.
The Congress is a small gainer in Madhya Pradesh, but this is not surprising, since the huge majority won by Shivraj Singh Chauhan in December last year was an exceptional one – and one unlikely to be sustained. Chauhan’s image was also dented by the recent
professional examination board recruitment scam. Chauhan is a small loser, but he has time on his side to live it down before the next big electoral challenge.
The BJP has clearly lost some of its sheen by its underwhelming show in three states. This may not have a long-term impact, but there are at least two potential gainers from its discomfiture.
The Shiv Sena in Maharashtra, with whom the BJP is in a tussle for more seats, can now legitimately claim that the Lok Sabha results are not an indication of the BJP’s strength in the state.
The BJP’s losses in Bihar will improve the bargaining power of not only the Shiv Sena, but also the Haryana Janhit Congress (or the INLD, in case the Janhit alliance is dumped) and that of potential allies in Jharkhand.
The BJP's allies at the centre will also feel emboldened about demanding more cabinet or ministerial berths.
Another gainer from this poll could be Arvind Kejriwal’s Aam Aadmi Party, which might see in this the chance for its own comeback in Delhi.
The takeout is simple: the BJP cannot afford to rest on its Lok Sabha laurels. It has to get its act together in each state, and each constituency each time.
Party president Amit Shah has his work cut out. There is not going to be any easy walkover in future state elections.
The biggest message is probably for Modi: he has time on his side, but he has to choose his areas of political and economic impact quickly and start delivering on them. He also needs to spend more time with allies so that they don't start plotting their own strategies.
The writer is editor-in-chief, digital and publishing, Network18 Group

See cheer returning to autos this festive season: ExpertsLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
See cheer returning to autos this festive season: Experts
Sundeep Kumar Bafna, MD of Fortpoint, says most dealers have stocked themselves to the brim to cater to the festive demand.
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
The festive season that started with Ganesh Chaturthi will augur well for the slacking automotive sector, believe industry experts Ajay Shethiya, Auto Analyst at Centrum Broking and Sundeep Kumar Bafna, MD of Fortpoint.
Speaking to CNBC-TV18 on their expectations for the upcoming days, Bafna says most dealers have stocked themselves to the brim to cater to the festive demand. He expects the demand pick up seen in August to continue in September too.
Also read: Worst over for auto ancillary companies: Sona Koyo Steering
Auto sales have seen a significant pick up in August. Auto majors Maruti Suzuki , Honda Cars, Hyundai and Nissan reported healthy growth in domestic sales and two-wheeler maker  Hero Motocorp sold 5,58,609 units of two-wheelers in August, registering growth of 21 percent over the corresponding month of previous year.
Shethiya expects this pick up to continue resulting in a better H2FY15. He believes the trend in auto sector is reversing as every cycle last for four years and we are already in the third year of the slowdown. 
Also read: Bajaj Auto eyes 4-lakh sales in Sept-Oct
On sectoral plays, Shethiya is bullish on Maruti, Tata Motors-driven by JLR sales and Hero Moto.
Below is the verbatim transcript of Ajay Shethiya and Sundeep Kumar Bafna\\'s interview with Anuj Singhal and Ekta Batra on CNBC-TV18.
Ekta: One of the things that Sonia Shenoy told us was that one of the reasons why we saw a pick up this time around in the August auto sales especially in the two-wheelers is because of festive stocking which is taking place on a year-on-year (Y-o-Y) basis. So the base is different. We had Diwali which is coming in October as opposed to November last year, how much of an impact is that in this time sales figures that we are seeing?
Bafna: What you have heard is true because as such all dealers have stocked themselves upto the bream. So the last month in the sense August we had a lot of a billing and this would continue this month also because again after Ganpati there will be 15 days of lull which is the shraddh period and after which October 2 is the Dusshera. So we feel that after that - September 21 onwards, the real season will start which is the Navratri, Dusshera and another month for Diwali. So in the whole time, dispatches would not happen the way we would want it. So all dealers are right now stocking up to their bream in this month and the coming month. So that we can deliver in the season period.
Ekta: What kind of inventory levels are you working with now? Was it as much as maybe last year or are you getting liquidating inventory much more easily?
Bafna: It is moving much more easily than last year but we didn’t see that kind of a great jump in the Ganpati sales as far as two-wheelers go but four-wheelers, in Maruti we have seen a good acceptance of our new product, the Celerio and the Ertiga CNG, the WagonR CNGs are doing extremely well right now in the markets.
Anuj: What is your overall call especially on the passenger vehicle car sales where we have seen growth after 17 months of decline and same points here, would you read the data with a pinch of salt because of all the issues about festival stocking or would you say that data looks quite good?
Shethiya: If you see there has been a reversal in terms of the overall trend so passenger vehicle has seen a positive growth in the month of May which came after 17 months of decline and that momentum continues for the month of July in the month of August as well. Now two things which have played out this month is last year around the Ganesh Chaturthi was in September, this year it is something which is in August. Also the shraddh period last year started from September 19 and continued till the end of the month. This year around the shraddh period would start from September 9 and will end on September 23. So there is a lot of pre-buying which has happened before the shraddh period and that is something which has pepped up the overall year-on-year growth. Having said that based on our dealer interactions we understand that footfalls have been improving, the conversions are taking place. So overall the sentiments have turned positive, customers are coming back, also what dealers have been indicating is that on the financing side, it is something which has been more lucrative. There are multiple finance schemes which are going around. So all these factors have played out and led to a strong Y-o-Y growth where we feel that the momentum will continue over a period of time.
Anuj: In terms of commercial vehicles now, what is your sense? Do you feel that the cycle is turning around or at least is at the cusp of turning around or would it be too early to say that right now?
Shethiya: There are mixed feelings, which we are getting based on either the interaction with the dealers or the financials but definitely if you see the rate of decline has curtailed over a period of time. So if I see for the last few months, the decline has been in single digit as compared to a strong double digit growth which we had seen in the past.
On the commercial vehicle side, also few of the things which are linked positively is the discount has not been moving up over the last two-three months, so more or less the discounts have remained stable. There is an element where freight rates not across the routes but in some pockets have started inching up and third thing is the comment from the financing guys indicate that there could be possibly some turnaround happening in the industry.
So second half of FY15 might turn out to be slightly better as compared to what we have seen. What we have also done is that if I see for the last 35-40 years, the commercial vehicle cycle, the cycle would last for three-four years whether it is on the up cycle or the down cycle and at this point in time we are in the third year of down cycle. So once this comes to an end, definitely there would be a retracement from the current levels and you could see the commercial vehicle growth happening much better as compared to what we have seen in the past.
RELATED NEWS

Hold Idea Cellular  may test Rs 180: Kunal SaraogiLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Hold Idea Cellular, may test Rs 180: Kunal Saraogi
Kunal Saraogi, CEO of Equityrush recommends holding Idea Cellular as the stock may test Rs 180.
Post your opinion here
Traders Only
Kunal Saraogi, CEO of Equityrush told CNBC-TV18, "The next major level for Idea Cellular  is about Rs 180. Now that is a traditional resistance for a supply zone for the stock, so lets see if it manages to cross that. Given the momentum and given the huge volume built up that we have seen last couple of trading sessions, the stock can very easily get to at least Rs 180. People with long positions must hold on to their positions with Rs 180 as the target."
At 11:55 hrs Idea Cellular was quoting at Rs 173.80, up Rs 6.40, or 3.82 percent. It has touched an intraday high of Rs 174.50 and an intraday low of Rs 167.25.
RELATED NEWS

Nalanda University reopens after 800 yearsPrint
NEW DELHI: More than 800 years after it was reduced to ashes in an invasion by a medieval ruler, Nalanda University sprang back to life like the proverbial phoenix in the historic city of Rajgir in Bihar on Monday
Academic activities got underway at the new international university on a makeshift campus, about 12 kms away from the ruins of the famous ancient university, with classes in the School of Ecology and Environmental Studies and the School of Historical Studies.
Out of the 15 students enrolled for the inaugural session, only nine attended classes on the inaugural day. Among them were two foreigners — Yakiro Nakamora (Japan) and Ngawang (Bhutan).
Vice-chancellor Gopa Sabharwal welcomed the students and the faculty to the “reborn” university amid palpable enthusiasm on the campus.&
Sabharwal said that the revival of the university was the outcome of nine years of sheer hard work.
“The university had received applications from about 1,400 students from 35 countries for the different subjects to be taught at the university,” she said.
The fully-residential university, expected to be completed by 2020, will have seven schools for post- graduate and doctoral students, offering courses in science, philosophy and spirituality and social sciences. Each discipline will have a maximum of 20 students.
There are altogether 11 faculty members on the campus at the moment.
Classes are being held at the International Convention Centre built by the Bihar government a couple of years ago.
A new campus is, however, coming up in an area spread over 455 acres and is expected to be fully operational by 2020.
The Centre has earmarked a fund of Rs 2,700 crore to be spent over a period of ten years for its development. Several other countries have come forward to help revive Nalanda University.
Singapore has pledged $5 million for its development while China has contributed $1 million to set up its library. While Thailand has donated $1 lakh, Australia would contribute a sum of $1 lakh for a chair at the School of Ecology and Environmental Studies.
Happy over the start of academic activities at the international university, Chief Minister Jitan Ram Manjhi said that it was a red-letter day for Bihar. He said that the university had come up because of the vision and efforts of his predecessor Nitish Kumar and an active support from former President APJ Abdul Kalam.
The ancient residential learning centre at Nalanda used to attract thousands of students and researchers from different parts of the country and abroad between the 5th and 12th century before it fell prey to rampaging invaders led by Bakhtiyar Khilji in 1193.
Its ruins have since remained a big tourist attraction in Bihar.
A knowledge hub
#The university springs back to life after 800 years.
#Initial classes were in the Ecology and Environmental Studies and the Historical Studies  
#The permanent university building is coming up in an area spread over 455 acres and is expected to be fully operational by 2020  
#Several countries, including Singapore, China, Thailand and Australia have come forward to help revive Nalanda University.
Recommend

These are some of the illegal foods around the worldIllegal foods around the world
Here are just some food items that are illegal around the world. -- by Caitlin McCormack
Print
The Foie-ck A Duck Burger
This burger is banned in California and several other countries around the world due to its inclusion of foie gras -- a controversial ingredient made from the livers of
... more 
The Foie-ck A Duck Burger
This burger is banned in California and several other countries around the world due to its inclusion of foie gras -- a controversial ingredient made from the livers of fattened geese or ducks. (Image via PornBurger )

You can be jailed for flying a kiteDid you know you can be jailed for flying a kite?
India's repertoire of laws that don't work-the bizarre, the weird, the irrelevant and the absurd-seems infinite.
By Damayanti Datta | India Today –  Tue 2 Sep, 2014
Print
Did you know that you can be jailed for flying a kite? By an 80-year-old law, you need the same permit to play the line as fly an aircraft. In Delhi, it's perfectly legal to call on men to beat drums on the streets if locusts attack the city, says a 65-year-old law. Are you aware of your 127-year-old right to saunter into any hotel to drink water and use washrooms for free? What about the 136-year-old act that mandates jail time if you stumble upon Rs 10 and keep quiet? And you really need to brush your teeth if you aspire to be a motor vehicles inspector in Andhra Pradesh. A 100-year-old law holds that you can be disqualified for not having a set of beautiful teeth.
India's repertoire of laws that don't work-the bizarre, the weird, the irrelevant and the absurd-seems infinite. They are not necessarily bad laws, just obsolete as smoke belching steam engines. But, beware, they are all 'live' laws that can theoretically be moved in court. With a backlog of over 31 million pending cases, that would take 364 years to get cleared on a strength of 10.5 judges per million people, do we have the right to clog our overburdened system with dated and daft irrelevance? The good news is: the wheels of legal machinery have started creaking forward. On August 11, the Union government introduced a bill in the Lok Sabha to repeal 36 acts. And on August 28, a committee has been set up to review and identify obsolete laws. Will it manage a lasting escape from the dead wood on India's statute books?
GIVE ME 10 LAWS
"What a vast network of laws regulates our lives, workplaces and businesses," Prime Minister Narendra Modi had told an assemblage of tradesmen in Delhi before he became the PM, on February 27. "Give me 10 laws each in your department which we can repeal," he had asked Union secretaries right after being anointed PM.
On June 5, Cabinet Secretary Ajit Seth had sent out a note, listing 11 "urgent" directives to top bureaucrats, one of which was to identify absurd archaic laws, rules, injunctions and restraints that could lead to loss of efficiency and be repealed. Union Law Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad introduced the Repealing and Amending Bill, 2014, in Parliament this month. "I will ensure that in the next session of Parliament, up to 300 outdated laws are repealed," he said on August 15 at a gathering of the Supreme Court Bar Association. He has a major task in hand. According to the PM's office, there are 1,382 archaic laws that need to be repealed.
The new committee, chaired by R. Ramanujam, PMO secretary, will review obsolete administrative laws first and submit its report in three months. What will they face? First, that there's no clarity on what the word 'law' means: should one consider the central acts, or state-level statutes, the rules, notifications and circulars enacted for administrative purposes or non-codified common law traditions, personal laws that apply only to members of specific communities or the decisions of the Supreme Court that have the force of law? There's confusion also over what should be repealed: sometimes an entire statute is dysfunctional, sometimes sections of it might be so.
Add to it the fact that there is no complete list of all enacted laws in the country. The number of central statutes is often estimated at about 3,000. No one knows how many state-level laws are in effect. The Jain Commission, set up in 1998, estimated there might be 25,000-30,000 state laws. Of administrative and local laws, they simply could not calculate. "That makes it impossible to exorcise the dead wood from statute books," says jurist Soli Sorabjee. But a statute never dies, unless specifically repealed. "Hence, laws that are archaic and whose existence does not serve any purpose have to be scrapped," explains the former attorney general of India.
RELICS OF THE RAJ
Why does India find it so difficult to write off dysfunctional, old laws? Is it a colonial hangover? After all, for 65 years after they quit India, Britain clung on to relics of its imperial past in statute books: 38 old laws on the Indian Railways, until dumped into the dustbin of history in November 2012.
A lot of absurdities do date back to India's colonial past. There are at least 192 laws that have been around for over 100 years. They refer continuously to the East India Company, the Crown, governor general or the Privy Council. The oldest on the statute book are two 178-year-old laws-Bengal Indigo Contracts Act and Bengal Districts Act of 1836-that helped consolidate British rule by enforcing cultivation of cash crop indigo and chalking out new districts in any which way. The Bengal Bonded Warehouse Association Act, 1838, stipulates that the association can sell its property only to the East India Company.
That legacy serves other purposes, too. Take India's alcohol laws. Mahatma Gandhi's views had played a role when the framers of the Constitution drafted Article 47: "The state shall endeavour to bring about prohibition except for medicinal purposes". But loss in revenue and the rise of the black market made it untenable, although former Prime Minister Morarji Desai tried unsuccessfully to bring it in twice. In 2012, police battery on Mumbai party-goers was taken in the name of the 63-year-old Bombay Prohibition Act, 1949-to force all above age 25 to possess a licence to drink or pay Rs 50,000 and/or be in jail for five years.
WHEELS TURN
It was in 1958 that the Law Commission under M.C. Setalvad examined the British statutes then in force and their applicability in India, recommending the repeal of Converts' Marriage Dissolution Act of 1866. "It wasn't until 1961 that the first repealing act came," says economist Bibek Debroy, professor at Centre for Policy Research in Delhi. That year the British Statutes (Application to India) Repeal Act was passed, followed by minor repeals in 1964, 1974 and 1979. In 1984, the commission recommended a comprehensive report of obsolete central laws. "But there was no spring-cleaning," adds Debroy.
"The momentum picked up in the 1990s, perhaps triggered by economic reforms."
LARGE LAWS
It was in 1993 that Debroy was approached by the Chief Economic Adviser of the finance ministry, economist Ashok Desai, for a project on law reforms. Manmohan Singh, as finance minister, wanted to change The Foreign Exchange Regulation Act (FERA) of 1973 and took this opportunity to look at all economic and commercial laws. Funded by UNDP and helped by the National Law School of India University in Bangalore, project Legal Adjustment and Reforms for Globalising the Economy (LARGE) ended in 1998. "In terms of legislation it's difficult to pin down the impact LARGE had, but it was hugely successful in sensitising people," he says. Most of all, LARGE created a database, mainly of commercial and economic laws. This proved useful when the four-member committee headed by P.C. Jain was set up in May 1997 under the United Front government. All Union and chief ministers and government departments were directed to list and assess relevance of laws in their sphere. In April 1998, Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee stepped in and promised a holistic review of laws and procedures under the BJP government. The committee prepared a catalogue of 1,300 laws that needed to be weeded out and recommended incorporating a "sunset provision" in laws so that they cease to exist after a specified period. It was under Arun Jaitley as the Union minister of law, 2000-2002, that 200 obsolete laws were finally repealed.
UNHAPPY BABUS
The 1998 report had come down heavily on the bureaucracy, not only for its failure to reduce the legislative burden but also adding to it. "All too often, the bureaucracy gets in the way of legal change," says jurist Ram Jethmalani, Union law minister, 1996, 1999-2000. "I had appointed a committee to examine the statute book," he says. "The experts reported that some 1,200 laws had become redundant and needed to be repealed." But when Jethmalani passed on the report to bureaucrats, they came up with a startling suggestion: "Sir, only 12 laws need to be scrapped". "That's because every law contains some power for some bureaucrat. They did not want 1,200 powers to be taken away." He recalls repealing the absurd Indian Boilers Act of 1923 in 2000. "It had become useless over a very long time. Such boilers did not exist anymore but the law was still there."
POLITICS OF SILENCE
Others talk of lack of political will. Ask jurist Tahir Mahmood, member of the 18th Law Commission, in charge of compiling obsolete laws: "It's foolish to have laws framed in the 19th century without amending those. But where is the political will?" For the last 10 years, the commission's terms of reference have always included repeal of obsolete laws, he explains.
It has sent all its reports on time, but no action has been taken. "People in the law ministry do not want to take a look at old laws. They are scared of political fallouts," he says. What's more, with "red tape and personal bias" working in the system, the government drags its feet endlessly to form a new commission every three years, adds the former dean of law, Delhi University. The work suffers.
Laws don't suddenly become bizarre or useless. "It is due to a very serious change of circumstances in a country's culture, economic needs or political dispensation that some laws need to be amended," says jurist KTS Tulsi. "We are trying to run a judicial system in a supersonic age with bullock cart technology." From service to summons to bail, everything in the justice system is manual. Fifty per cent of judicial delay is due to non-service of summons, arguments over validity of summons, proper identification and so on, he explains. "Even in the high-profile 2G case, gunny bags full of papers were carted off from the accused to the courts and vice-versa." That old-fashioned ethos keeps the courts clogged up and the statute books overlong.
GOOD LAWS, BAD LAWS
India has a painful range of laws and a lot that can be junked. It does not, however, mean that India's legal foundation is not sound. "Take our basic criminal law, the Indian Penal Code. It was drafted by Lord Macaulay in the 1860s and it has stood the test of time," says Jethmalani. "India has the finest Constitution. It's a far better document of governance than the US constitution," adds Tulsi. "What we need is a bit of spring-cleaning," points out Sorabjee. So here's our list of laws, strange and sublime, to help the nation get started:
KITE ALERT Don't stand on your roof on idle afternoons to hold your kite aloft. You can be jailed for playing the line. You need a government permit to make, possess, sell or fly a kite. Just as you do for a plane.
Indian Aircraft Act, 1934
TOOTHY TALE Brush your teeth well if you aspire to be a motor vehicles inspector in Andhra Pradesh. You'll be disqualified otherwise. Pigeon chest, knock knees, flat foot, hammer toes and fractured limbs can also disqualify you.
Indian Motor Vehicles Act, 1914
ON THE SAME PLANE There's more to kite flying than meets the eye.By Indian Aircraft Act, 1934, a kite, like a balloon, is an 'aircraft'.
MACHO DELHI Get ready, Delhi men. You can be called in anytime to beat drums on the streets if locusts invade the city. Ignore and you will be fined Rs 50 or put behind bars for 10 days.
East Punjab Agricultural Pests, Diseases and Noxious Weeds Act, 1949
HOTEL FREEBIE Did you know that for 127 years you have had the right to saunter into any hotel, even the outrageously posh ones, to drink water and use toilets for free?
Indian Serais Act, 1887
AIM IT RIGHT If you visit a factory, remember to spit only in spittoons (or pay up Rs 5). Owners have to whitewash walls (colour won't do), keep drinking water in earthen pots (not purifiers), sand in red buckets to guard against fire (not fire extinguishers) and count electricity in horse power (not kilowatts).
The Factories Act, 1948
COURIER WOES Private courier services are technically illegal. Only the government has the right to courier letters. They can get away with it, though, by calling letters 'documents'.
Indian Post Office Act, 1898
COME ONE, COME ALL
Serais Act of 1867 believes all hotels are Serais and allows persons or animals to demand water, free of cost, anytime. Refusal could mean a fine of Rs 20.
TOPI TAMASHA You can't wear a khadi Gandhi topi in an Indian prison. "We regret the decision of the Government to place it on the statute book," wrote Gopal Krishna Gokhale in 1911. And we regret to see it 100 years later.
Prevention of Seditious Meetings Act, 1911 
TEN STEPS It is illegal for more than 10 couples to dance together on the same dance floor.
Licensing and Controlling Places of Amusement (other than Cinemas),1960 BAD DATE How does a 129-year-old law that predates the arrival of radio (1923) and television (1959) govern the two services even today?
Indian Telegraph Act, 1885 
HATS OFF A policeman still needs to doff his hat to royalty. But where are they?
The Police Act, 1861
PAISE PUZZLE There's no anna paise to spend anymore yet you may have to cough up "12 annas per hundred maunds" of baggage if you are plying the Ganga on a boat.
Ganges Tolls Act, 1867
WHAT's OBSCENE? If you do any "obscene act" in public and cause "annoyance", you'll have to face jail or fine or both. What does "annoyance" mean? The law is silent. You are free to slap it on any one for pretty much anything.
Section 294(a) of the Indian Penal Code, 1860 TRY & DIE Suicide is legal but attempts are not. So if you succeed, you die. And if you fail, you are arrested.
Section 309 of IPC
RICH CACHE If you stumble upon a piece of treasure, even Rs 10, and don't report the fact, a 136-year-old law can put you behind bars.
The Indian Treasure Trove Act, 1878
WHERE'S OUDH? The kingdom of Oudh ceased to exist long back, along with its landowning taluqdars. A law on Oudh still exists although it became Agra province by 1908.
The Oudh Taluqdars Relief Act, 1870
TEMPBANK The preamble to the act governing the Reserve Bank of India confers on India's central bank a temporary status that continues even now.
Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934
COLONIAL HANGOVER Believe it or not, this 176-year-old live law is all about a group that can only sell its property to the East India Company.
The Bengal Bonded Warehouse Association Act, 1838
MALE CRIME Only married men can be punished for having an affair with another man's wife. If he has sex with an unmarried woman, the law doesn't consider it "adultery".
Women anyway don't commit adultery, by this law.
Indian Penal Code of 1860, Section 497
SECRET WEAPON RTI activists beware - a law can put you and/or bureaucrats sharing information from government offices behind bars for up to 14 years. That too on mere suspicion.
The Official Secrets Act of 1923
UNMARRIED DAD Girls can get married at 18 but boys need to wait till age 21. No marriage, no fatherhood, you thought? Think again. The law allows boys to adopt children at age 18.
Indian Majority Act, 1875
Reproduced From India Today. © 2014. LMIL. All rights reserved.
Recommend

SPML Infra advances on bagging order worth Rs 1232 croreSPML Infra advances on bagging order worth Rs 1232 crore
Doubts over Pakistan PM s appearance in parliament as crisis deepensDoubts over Pakistan PM s appearance in parliament as crisis deepens
Japanese PM Shinzo Abe to reshuffle cabinet in bid to re-energiseJapanese PM Shinzo Abe to reshuffle cabinet in bid to re-energise
TCS  HCL  HDFC Bank among 12 Indian firms in Forbes  50 best companies in Asia-PacificTCS  HCL  HDFC Bank among 12 Indian firms in Forbes  50 best companies in Asia-Pacific
TVS Motors jumps on good August sales numbersTVS Motors jumps on good August sales numbers
Sensex scales a new peak; trades a shade below 27 000 pointsSensex scales a new peak; trades a shade below 27 000 points
Cipla shares jump 8.6% on launch of its generic asthma drugCipla shares jump 8.6% on launch of its generic asthma drug
Buy for profit only.......Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

U looking for gap down tommorowCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Wait for 3 more daysCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Upside : 96.35   97.70 ... boommmmmm ... again my tgt for nifty 10 000...Platinum Member
397 Followers
Upside : 96. 35 , 97. 70... Boommmmmm... Again my tgt for nifty 10,000 by dec  ,if you still have doubts let me know. Blockbuster stocks given jain irrigation tgt 200 , ramco industries tgt 100 , jp infra : tgt 70 , infraprastha medico tgt 70 , jain irri dvr tgt 120. .... Watch the space....
12.58 PM Sep 2nd  | Track

Mars Mission completes 300 days in spaceMars Mission completes 300 days in space
PTI
Tweet
Chennai, Sept 2:  
In a major boost to the Indian scientific community, the Mars Orbiter Mission (Mangalyaan), on its maiden tryst with the red planet, has completed 300 days of its journey in space and is just 23 days away from reaching its intended orbit.
“Mars Orbiter Mission completes 300 days in space. Just 23 days more to reach Mars”, Indian Space Research Organisation said in its micro—blogging site.
It said the spacecraft has travelled 622 million km in its heliocentric trajectory towards Mars. It is now 199 million km away from Earth and is travelling at a velocity of 22.33 km a second with respect to the distance from the Sun.
“MoM and its payload are in good health,” ISRO said.
The Rs 450-crore project was launched from Sriharikota in Andhra Pradesh from the old workhorse Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle (PSLV) on November 5, 2013 with the aim of reaching the red planet’s atmosphere by Sept 24, traversing 680 million km.
Last week ISRO scientists said the spacecraft had completed 90 per cent of its journey towards Mars. On September 24, the scientists will undertake a “challenging task” when they would restart the on board liquid engine, which has been in sleep mode for nearly 10 months, for Mars Orbit insertion.
The project is expected to provide the scientific community better opportunities in planetary research.
(This article was published on September 2, 2014)

Murder of RSS functionary: Centre asks Kerala Home Secy to submit reportMurder of RSS functionary: Centre asks Kerala Home Secy to submit report
Vinson Kurian
Tweet
Thiruvananthapuram, Sept 2:  
Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh is learnt to have asked the Home Secretary of Kerala to file a report on yesterday’s murder of an RSS functionary in the State.
The violent incident that ended in the murder of one person and grievous injury to another, was reported on a day when two top Sangh Parivar leaders were visiting the State Capital.
TOP PARIVAR LEADERS
BJP President Amit Shah was meeting party men in Thiruvananthapuram, while the RSS Sarsangchalak Mohan Bhagwat had just about wound up a week-long tour.
Meanwhile, the dawn-to-dusk protest hartal called by the RSS-BJP has hit normal life in the State with even private vehicles not venturing out. The hartal is total since it came into effect at 6 am.
Early reports said buses, taxis and autorickshaws have largely kept off the roads, while most shops across the State remained closed.
The State Government has declared a holiday for educational institutions, including professional colleges. Universities have postponed examinations scheduled for the day.
POLITICAL VIOLENCE
Sangh Parivar outfits had requested yesterday that even private vehicles keep off the roads during the hartal.
Stray incidents of stone throwing have been reported from parts of the State, with the police advising drivers to avoid places with known political vulnerabilities.
The hacking to death of the RSS functionary took place at Kathiroor in Thalassery, which has a history of political violence involving BJP-RSS and the CPM.
Country-made bombs were hurled at the car in which the deceased and his companions were travelling.
The attackers took cover of the smoke to hack to death K Manoj Kumar, the district Saririk Sikshan Pramukh of RSS, and afflict grievous injuries on his colleague Pramod.
POACHING OF CADRES
The police is learnt to have arrested eight persons suspected to have been involved in the daylight murder even as a prime suspect is still at large.
A heavy police presence is discernible in violence-prone Kannur and Kozhikode districts following intelligence inputs suggesting that large-scale mobilisation of cadres may be triggered under the cover of the hartal.
Meanwhile, the RSS-BJP leaders have alleged that the CPM was behind the killing. Violence has erupted in the area reportedly after the BJP and CPM started poaching workers from either side in a bid expand their respective organisational bases.
(This article was published on September 2, 2014)

PM drums up support for Indian business in JapanPM drums up support for Indian business in Japan
PTI
Tweet
Tokyo, Sept 2:  
Known for his communicating skills, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today joined the ceremonial Japanese drummers here to perform a jugalbandi with them as he drummed up support for Indian business in Japan.
Modi tried his hands at drums while inaugurating the TCS Cultural Centre here.
The Prime Minister was inspired after watching the drummers and joined them, much to the amusement of the gathering.
On the occasion, he invited Japanese people to visit and explore India and spread the word about their experience.
“Don’t confine yourself to hotels, go out and spend and become our ambassadors,” he told the gathering.
Pitching for upgradartion of knowledge skills, he said having knowledge will be more powerful than those having weapons in the 21st century.
“In the 21st century, those having knowledge will be more powerful than those having weapons,” he said.
(This article was published on September 2, 2014)

Come and invest in India  Modi tells Japanese business leadersOnly red carpet, no red tape in India, says Prime Minister
PTI
"There is no Red Tape but Red Carpet in India. We have eased off lot of regulations,'' says Prime Minister, Narendra Modi. Photo: Reuters
Tokyo, Sept 2:  
Making a strong pitch for bringing Japanese investments into India, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today said there is no “red tape”, only “red carpet” for investors as the government has eased a lot of regulations.
Asserting that his government is working on development and increasing manufacturing activities, Modi said there cannot be a better place to make investments than India.
“I have come to assure you that there is no Red Tape but Red Carpet in India. We have eased off lot of regulations,” Modi said.
'Democracy, demography and demand'
Calling for a new history between the two countries on the economic front, the Prime Minister said India is the only place where one can find “democracy, demography and demand’’.
Modi, who was addressing Japanese investors at a seminar organised by the Japan External Trade Organisation (Jetro) and Nikkei here, also said that India guarantees democracy, safety, security and justice.
‘God gifted location’
He told Japanese investors that India is a “god gifted location” for reaching out to global markets.
Referring to his government’s 100 days in power, Modi said it has achieved what could not be achieved in the last two-and-a-half years.
GDP growth
The country’s GDP grew 5.7 per cent in the April-June quarter, the highest in more than two years.
Modi said his government is ready to offer whatever is required to promote foreign investment into India.
“Without Japan, India is incomplete and without India, Japan is incomplete”, he said.
According to him, the coming together of Japan’s hardware skills and India’s software expertise can create miracle.
(This article was published on September 2, 2014)

Fire at multi-storey building in posh South Kolkata localityFire at multi-storey building in posh South Kolkata locality
Abhishek Law
Tweet
Kolkata, Aug 12:  
Fire and smoke were reported from the basement of a multi-storey building in the posh South Kolkata locality of Alipore here this afternoon.
However, police confirmed that the fire was reported from the basement of the building. Initially, it was thought that the fire was from a car showroom located there.
The building houses a Maruti showroom and has premier hospitals in close proximity.
According to fire department officials, 12-odd fire tenders were sent to the spot. The cause for the fire is yet to be known.
There have been no reports of any injury in the accident or of the fire spreading to other floors of the building or in surrounding areas.
(This article was published on August 12, 2014)
Related

1 killed  30 injured in Navi Mumbai hotel fire1 killed, 30 injured in Navi Mumbai hotel fire
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Aug 8:  
One person was killed and 30 others were injured in a major fire at a hotel in Navi Mumbai’s Vashi area early this morning, civic officials said.
Out of the 30 injured, 20 people are reported to be in a serious condition, they said.
A short circuit in one of the AC ducts of three-storey Hotel Wanton House apparently led to the massive blaze at the premises, located in Sector 26 on the Palm Beach Road of Vashi, they said.
“We got a call at around 5 AM that a fire has broken out in the hotel which also has a considerable number of foreigners staying in it. Following the call, we pressed eight fire engines and water tankers into service to douse the flames at the hotel,” an official from Navi Mumbai Municipal Corporation told PTI.
The deceased is yet to be identified. The injured have been admitted to a Navi Mumbai civic hospital for treatment, he said.
Fire brigade officials said the blaze was brought under control after over four hours of hectic fire-fighting.
“The operation that began at 5 AM took more than four hours to end. A lot of time was required to evacuate those trapped in the hotel and bring them to safety. Since the fire was a major one, getting the trapped to safety amidst the smoke was an uphill task. We also did not have a blueprint of the hotel initially which added to the confusion,” a fire official from the Navi Mumbai fire brigade said.
Several bank officials were also staying in the hotel to attend a seminar in the city, he said.
(This article was published on August 8, 2014)
Related

Nike seeks govt nod to open fully owned stores in IndiaGold prices dipped below 28k level to close at Rs 27,750
Gold prices dipped below 28k level to close at Rs 27,750 per 10 grams at the bullion market...

Operational blocks account for 8% of Indias coal outputGold prices dipped below 28k level to close at Rs 27,750
Gold prices dipped below 28k level to close at Rs 27,750 per 10 grams at the bullion market...

DDA website crashes as biggest scheme launchedGold prices dipped below 28k level to close at Rs 27,750
Gold prices dipped below 28k level to close at Rs 27,750 per 10 grams at the bullion market...

DDA scheme: Congress targets BJP  says anti-poorGold prices dipped below 28k level to close at Rs 27,750
Gold prices dipped below 28k level to close at Rs 27,750 per 10 grams at the bullion market...

Sensex eyes 27 000; HDFC Group  pharma shares rallySI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 02, 2014
Last Updated at 02:10 PM IST
Nifty hits 8,100 while Sensex holds 27,000
HDFC twins, Cipla and Sun Pharma were the top gainers
Markets extended gains in noon trades with the Nifty touching the 8,100 levels in noon deals while Sensex held on above 27,000 levels.
_________________________
(Update at 1410 hrs)
Markets are trading firm in the noon trades on sustained buying in financials, auto and pharma shares. Strength in the Asian markets have further boosted the sentiments of the investors.
 
At 1: 22PM, the 30-share Sensex is up 152 points at 27,020 and the 50-share Nifty is at 8,082 up 55 points.
 
Top Sensex gainers include, HDFC Bank, HDFC,  Cipla and Sun Pharma among others. 
 
The broader markets are outperforming the benchmark indices- BSE Midcap and Small indices have gained by over 1% each.
Punj Lloyd is locked in 5% upper circuit at Rs 39.65 on National Stock Exchange on reports that the company is planning to sell its stake in Gurgaon-based multi specialty hospital Medanta Medicity Hospitals to cut its debt.
__________________________________________________________________________________________________-
(updated at 12.25 PM)
Markets firmed up in noon trades with the Sensex hitting nearly 27,000 led by pharma and financial shares.
At 12:25PM, the 30-share Sensex was up 26,983 up 115 points and the 50-share Nifty was at 8,069 up 41 points.
Top Sensex gainers include, HDFC Bank, HDFC,  Cipla and Sun Pharma among others.
_________________________________
(Updated at 11:30AM)
Markets are maintaining the upward march with financial and heathcare stocks contributing the most to the gains on the Sensex. The sentiment of the market participants boosted on sustained capital infusion supported with firm GDP growth data quoting at 5.7% for the April-June quarter and sharp decline in the CAD which dropped to 1.7% of GDP.
 
By 11.30, the Sensex is higher by 95 points at 26,963 mark and the Nifty has gained by 34 points to trade at 8,062 levels.
 
The market cheered after Tokyo announced doubling of its investments in India and committed itself to putting Rs 2,10,000 crore, in the country's public and private sector projects over the next five years.
 
Overseas investors bought shares worth 5.54 billion rupees on Monday, provisional exchange data showed.
 
Rupee:
 
The rupee is trading at 60.66/67 versus Monday's close of 60.5250/5350, tracking weaker emerging Asian currencies after US Labour Day holiday on Monday.
 
Current account deficit for this financial year’s first quarter, April to June,  narrowed sharply to 1.7% of gross domestic product ($7.8 billion) from 4.8% of GDP ($21.8 bn) in the corresponding period of 2013-14. However, it was up sequentially.
 
Asian Markets:
 
Asian shares slipped on Tuesday as a U.S. holiday robbed markets of momentum, while the euro hit a fresh one-year low on uncertainty over the European Central Bank's policy decision later this week. Hang Seng is down 0.3%.
 
Tokyo's Nikkei bucked the trend and rose 1.5%, with a planned cabinet reshuffle by Prime Minister Shinzo Abe helping fuel reform hopes.
 
Sectors & Stocks:
 
On the sectoral front, BSE Healthcare index is leading the rally up 1.7% followed by Consumer durables, Realty and Teck indices. However, IT, Capital Goods and Metal indices are losing sheen on the BSE down between 0.1-0.7%.
 
In the Pharma space, Cipla is the leading the rally up nearly 7% after the pharmaceutical firm launched an anti-asthma inhaler in Germany and Sweden that is a generic version of GlaxoSmithKline Plc's Advair. Following the tandem, drug maker Sun Pharma has gained 2.6%. However, Dr Reddy’s Lab is trading marginally in green.
 
Stocks of auto companies continued their rising streak on the back of strong  domestic car sales numbers  for the month of August. Hero Motocorp, Bajaj Auto, Maruti Suzuki and M&M have gained between 0.1-2.5%. However, Tata Motors is down 1.4% after it reported 17.59% decline in total sales at 40,883 units in August, 2014 as against 49,611 units in the same month last year.
 
Bharti Airtel has moved higher by 3% on the BSE extending its previous day’s gain after the company said it's arm signed an agreement to acquire over 2.7 million subscribers of yuMobile. 
 
In the financial segment, HDFC twins, Axis Bank, ICICI Bank and SBI are trading higher between 0.3-1.4%.
 
ITC, BHEL and TCS are some of the notable names in green among others.
 
On the flip side, metal stocks are losing sheen in the late morning trades with Sesa Sterlite, Hindalco, Tata Steel and Coal India trading down between 0.4-1.3% shrugging off the government's request to the apex court not to cancel the permits for 46 coal blocks.
 
On similar lines, power stocks are trading down. Tata Power and NTPC have lost 0.3%.
 
Fresh selling is evident in the technology pack. IT majors Infosys and Wipro have declined 0.7% each.
 
HUL, ONGC and L&T are some of the prominent names in red among others.
 
Among other shares, TVS Motor Company is trading higher by 3% at Rs 200 on National Stock Exchange after reporting a robust 46% year-on-year (yoy) growth in total sales in the month of August 2014 to 227,482 units. The company had sold 155,532 units in the same month last year.
 
The broader markets are outperforming the benchmark indices- BSE Midcap and Small indices have gained by 0.8% and 1% each.
 
The market breadth on the BSE is firm with 1,610 shares advancing and 868 shares declining.
 Advertisements

Punj Lloyd up 5% on talk of stake sale in Medanta MedicitySI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 02, 2014
Last Updated at 12:31 PM IST
Punj Lloyd up 5% on talk of stake sale in Medanta Medicity
Meanwhile, the board is schedule to meet tomorrow to consider private placement of non convertible debentures, subordinated debt instruments and / or other securities.
Punj Lloyd is locked in 5% upper circuit at Rs 39.65 on National Stock Exchange on reports that the company is planning to sell its stake in Gurgaon-based multi specialty hospital Medanta Medicity Hospitals to cut its debt.
“Punj Lloyd is planning to sell half of its 17% shareholding in Global Health Private Limited - a company which owns, manages and operates the Gurgaon based hospital for around Rs 300 crore”, the Economic Times report suggests.
Singapore's state investment company Temasek is negotiating with the company to buy its minority stake in super specialty hospital Medanta Medicity, founded by eminent cardiac surgeon, Dr Naresh Trehan, added report.
Meanwhile, the board of directors of the company is schedule to meet tomorrow on September 03, 2014, to consider private placement of non convertible debentures, subordinated debt instruments and / or other securities, within the overall borrowing limits of the Company, Punj Lloyd said in a statement.
At 1230 hours, a combined 1.42 million shares changed hands and there are pending buy orders for around one million shares on NSE and BSE.
 

FreeCharge raises $33 mn in Series-B fundingBS Reporter |  Pune Sep 02, 2014
Last Updated at 12:30 PM IST
FreeCharge raises $33 mn in Series-B funding
Will use funds to build advertising platform that captures consumer behaviour
FreeCharge, an online platform for recharge, utility payments, promotions and couponing, today announced that it has raised $33 million (around Rs 200 crore) in Series B funding from Sequoia Capital, Sofina and RuNet.
The funds will be used by the company to build an advertising platform that captures online and offline purchase behaviour and brand preferences of consumers, by offering incentives and coupons to users to transact on its platform.
FreeCharge is an online mobile recharge site which provides prepaid mobile recharge for almost all Indian telecom service providers including Vodafone, Airtel, Loop, Reliance, Idea, DOCOMO, Tata Indicom, S-Tel, Aircel, BSNL and more.
Alok Goel, CEO of FreeCharge said, "We have been able to assemble one of the best start-up teams in the country and are leading the mobile internet revolution in India. About 70% of our transactions come from mobile platforms and we are growing more than 400% year-on-year."
The company claimed that it is witnessing rapid growth, and mobile transactions on Freecharge app have grown around 30x since the beginning of 2014. The company said it has more than 10 million registered users. FreeCharge also recently acquired Preburn, in addition to Wishberg, its first acquisition.
FreeCharge was founded in 2010, and had raised Rs 20 crore from Sequoia in 2012 and had also participated in the firm's seed capital raising.
Shailendra Singh, Managing Director of Sequoia Capital India Advisors said, "Freecharge is creating a unique new category, an advertising platform with the 'consumption graph' for the most valuable online consumers. We are very impressed with the team's execution and the rapid growth and engagement of users on the platform."
Galina Chifina, Investment Officer at ruNet, speaking about the funding, said, "Freecharge is one of the most exciting companies in our Indian portfolio with a highly innovative business model that has global appeal and scalability."
The company has added Gokul Rajaram, Koh Boon Hwee, Dhiraj Rajaram to its board of advisors. Each of these advisors are visionaries and industry leaders.
 Advertisements

BEL forms JV with Thales for radar businessBS Reporter |  Bangalore Sep 02, 2014
Last Updated at 12:28 PM IST
BEL forms JV with Thales for radar business
Bharat Electronics Ltd (BEL), the Bangalore-based defence PSU, has formed a new joint venture company with France-based Thales Air Systems SA and Thales India Pvt Ltd for radar business. The joint venture company is named as BEL-Thales Systems Limited.
 
In a filing to Bombay Stock Exchange, here today, BEL said that it had announced on July 5, 2012 its decision to form a JV company with Thales for carrying out radar business. 
 
The new JV company has come into existence on August 28, 2014, the company said.
 

Uproar forces Myanmar $8bn contract U-turn© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/34eb13c4-3268-11e4-a5a2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

HDFC  TCS among Forbes  50 best firms in Asia-PacificTCS, HDFC among Forbes' 50 best companies in Asia-Pacific list
Yoshita Singh     New York   Last Updated: September 2, 2014  | 13:32 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Tata Consultancy Services  (TCS), HCL Technologies and HDFC Bank are among the 50 best public companies in Asia-Pacific according to acompilation by Forbes, which ranked India second behind China as home to the world's next growth engines.
The Forbes 2014 'Honour Roll of the Fabulous 50' lists best of Asia-Pacifics biggest publicly traded companies.
China has 16 companies on the list, more than any other country, a distinction it has enjoyed for the last three years. However, the number of Chinese companies on the list has gone down from 20 last yearon the back of slow economic growth in the country.
India trails China with 12 companies on the list, the same number as last year. The Indian companies on the list are Asian Paints, Axis Bank, HCL Technologies, HDFC Bank , Lupin, Mahindra and Mahindra, Mothersome Sumi Systems, Sun Pharma, TCS, Tata Motors, Tech Mahindra and Titan.
HDFC Bank, India's second-largest private sector bank , has made the list eight times - more than any other company since Forbes started the compilation in 2005. TCS made it to the list for the seventh time while Tech Mahindra, the country's fifth-largest IT player, made its debut on the list after net profits soared 112 per cent to touch US $500 million.
Domestic conglomerate ITC failed to make it to the list this year. Forbes said TCS, the country's largest IT company , boasts a market cap of US $71.25 billion, bigger than the country's next 3 IT outfits combined.
"Long dependent on the US market, (TCS) may soon generate more than half its revenue outside the US," the publication said.
South Korea has six companies on the list, followed by Hong Kong with three and two each from Japan, Australia, Malaysia, Singapore and Thailand.
Technology companies dominated the list with nine representatives. The consumer durables industry has the second most members with seven companies, including four motor vehicle giants from China and India, as the rise of Asias middle class continues to drive demand.
Three oil and gas companies made it into the ranking, up from only one firm from last year. The list is chosen from a pool of 1,300 companies in the region that have at least US $3 billion in market cap or annual revenue.
Forbes took into account performance measures and outlook and did not include companies that carried a lot of debt or were more than 50 per cent state-owned.
(PTI)

Sensex  Nifty at new high; pharma shares leadMarket update: BSE Sensex closes above 27,000 for first time, Nifty hits new high
Abhishek Vishnoi     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 2, 2014  | 17:41 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex on Tuesday surged past the psychologically key level of 27,000 to a third consecutive record high, as blue-chips such as HDFC Bank gained after recent data raised hopes about the economy.
The 30-share BSE barometer rose as much as 0.8 per cent to a record high of 27,082.85 before provisionally ending 0.57 per cent higher.
The milestone comes a day after the broader National Stock Exchange (NSE) Nifty surpassed the 8,000 level for the first time. The 50-share Nifty also hit a record high on Tuesday, rising as much as 0.92 per cent to 8,101.95. It provisionally ended up 0.69 per cent.
HDFC Bank rose 2.2 per cent, while ITC gained 1.4 per cent .
(Reuters)

India offers red carpet to investors  no red tape: PM Narendra ModiGold prices dipped below 28k level to close at Rs 27,750
Gold prices dipped below 28k level to close at Rs 27,750 per 10 grams at the bullion market...

Hyundai Elite i20 logs 12 000 bookings in just 15 daysGold prices dipped below 28k level to close at Rs 27,750
Gold prices dipped below 28k level to close at Rs 27,750 per 10 grams at the bullion market...

PM drums up support for Indian business inJapanPrint
PTI | Tokyo |     September 2, 2014 1:07 pm
Known for his communicating skills, Prime Minister Narendra Modi, on Tuesday, joined the ceremonial Japanese drummers to perform a jugalbandi with them as he drummed up support for Indian business in Japan. Modi tried his hands at drums while inaugurating the TCS
Cultural Centre.
The Prime Minister was inspired after watching the drummers and joined them, much to the amusement of the gathering. On the occasion, he invited Japanese people to visit and explore India and spread the word about their experience.
“Don’t confine yourself to hotels, go out and spend and become our ambassadors,” he told the gathering. Pitching for upgradartion of knowledge skills, he said having knowledge will be more powerful than those having weapons in the 21st century. “In the 21st century, those having knowledge will be more powerful than those having weapons,” he said.

US Open: Sania Mirza enters mixed doubles semis  Leader PaesexitsPress Trust of India | New York |     September 2, 2014 7:53 pm
Indian tennis ace Sania Mirza stormed into the mixed doubles semifinals besides reaching the doubles quarterfinals, but compatriot Leander Paes exited the US Open with unexpected defeats in both his events.
Top seeds Sania alongside Brazilian partner Bruno Soares beat the Indo-Slovenian duo of Rohana Bopanna and Katarina Srebotnik 7-5 2-6 10-5 in the mixed doubles quarterfinals at Flushing Meadows yesterday.
Sania-Soares will take on the unseeded Yung-Jan Chan of Chinese Taipei and Britain’s Ross Hutchins in the semifinals.
The Hyderabadi made the women’s quarterfinals with Cara Black, defeating Czech-Serbian combine of Klara Koukalova and Jelena Jankovic 6-3 6-2. The third seeds next play China’s Yi-Fan Xu and Kazakhstan’s Zarina Diyas. Sania has not won a title yet at the US Open.
However, Indian tennis veteran Paes had a forgettable outing.
He and his experienced men’s doubles partner Radek Stepanek lost to Spain’s Marcel Granollers and Marc Lopez 2-6 6-4 1-6 in the third round.
The 41-year-old teamed up with Zimbabwe veteran Cara Black in the mixed doubles.
The third seeds failed to get going against the American-Mexican partnership of Abigail Spears and Santiago Gonzalez, losing the quarterfinal 4-6 6-4 8-10 in the Super Tie-Break.
In the junior boys round one, Sumit Nagpal got past Viktor Durasovic of Norway 6-3 6-4.

State entrepreneurs to take part in J&K bizmeetPrint
Written by Lakshmi Ajay | Ahmedabad |     September 2, 2014 12:53 pm
Smelling a business opportunity in Jammu and Kashmir, two Gujarati entrepreneurs have planned to take a 35-member delegation to an event proposed to be held there this month-end, for the first time, on the lines of Vibrant Gujarat Global Investors’ Summit.
Entrepreneurs Jagat Shah, CEO of Cluster Network and Salil Patel, Director of Shree Patel Tradelink Pvt Ltd from Ahmedabad are promoting a B2B meeting titled ‘Gujarat Business Day & Musical Evening in Kashmir’ for Gujarati entrepreneurs on September 27 at Sher-i-Kashmir International Conference Centre or SKICC Auditorium in Srinagar. The event is to be hosted by former journalist and BJP’s spokesperson for J&K, Sheikh Khalid Jehangir under the aegis of Jammu & Kashmir Economic Development Council (JKEDC), which he founded six months back along with Shah.
“We are very much inspired by the Gujarat model of development which got a boost with the ‘Vibrant Gujarat Summit’ a brainchild of the former Gujarat CM and now PM Narendra Modi, which we plan to replicate here in Kashmir as well. This is the first time another state apart from Gujarat is planning such an event. As around 80 per cent of tourists who visit J& K are Gujaratis, we are heavily dependent on the tourist outflow emanating from Gujarat. Hence, it is imperative that we have business ties with Gujarat and other states to boost our local industry. We want more Gujarati businessmen to invest in the tourism sector here which is one of the main industries. For this programme, around 3 CEO’s from Delhi, 3 from Kerala, 5 from Bangalore and 3 from Mumbai have already confirmed their presence. The idea is to hold fruitful deliberations on how Kashmiri business and entrepreneurs can be promoted and economic development can take place,” said Sheikh Khalid Jehangir while speaking to The Indian Express.
A total of 35 businessmen from Gujarat from various sectors like ayurvedic raw materials, walnut furniture and handicraft, Pashmina shawls, textiles, solar power, construction,  chemical, tourism, pharmaceutical, steel, cement will meet businessmen from the valley.  A musical evening will see performances by noted singer Shibani Kashyap and Nakash Aziz & Band.
“Gujaratis are pivotal to the promotion of tourism in Kashmir. Religious tourism to destinations like Amarnath and Vaishnodevi also sees a surge of Gujarati travellers heading there.  Around 1,000 people from various sectors are expected to attend this event,” added Shah.
Incidentally, a group of young Muslim entrepreneurs led by Jehangir had paid a visit to Modi to understand the ‘Gujarat Model’ when he was the Gujarat CM this April.

I always see my films as a moviegoer: Vijay KumarKondaIndo-Asian News Service | Chennai |     September 2, 2014 12:53 pm
Vijay Kumar Konda, who is gearing up for the release of Telugu romantic-comedy ‘Oka Laila Kosam’, says he always views his work with the perspective of a moviegoer rather than that of a director.
“When you’re making a film for the audience, you should see it from their perspective. Only then will you understand what’s right, what’s wrong and what’s missing in your work. I always see my work as a moviegoer and it really helps me make better films,” Konda told IANS.
He says he analysed his first film ‘Gunde Jaari Gallanthayyinde’ the same way, and learnt vital lessons.
“My first film was a huge hit, but there were a few things I learned. I realised that not everybody was comfortable with the homosexual jokes in it. I learnt it after I watched my work as an audience.
“It helped me make some changes to my work, especially the humour in my films,” he said.
“The humour in ‘Oka Laila Kosam’ is very healthy. It’s a love story suitable for family viewing with kids too. I feel that as a director, it’s very important to respect the point of view of audiences because at the end of the day, they watch a film,” he added.
‘Oka Laila Kosam’ starring Akkineni Naga Chaitanya and Pooja Hegde is slated for a September release.

Mars Mission completes 300 days inspacePress Trust of India | Chennai |     September 2, 2014 12:49 pm
In a major boost to the Indian scientific community, the Mars Orbiter Mission (Mangalyaan), on its maiden tryst with the red planet, has completed 300 days of its journey in space and is just 23 days away from reaching its intended orbit.
“Mars Orbiter Mission completes 300 days in space. Just 23 days more to reach Mars”, Indian Space Research Organisation said in its micro-blogging site.
It said the spacecraft has travelled 622 million km in its heliocentric trajectory towards Mars. It is now 199 million km away from Earth and is travelling at a velocity of 22.33 km a second with respect to the distance from the Sun.
“MoM and its payload are in good health,” ISRO said.
The Rs 450-crore project was launched from Sriharikota in Andhra Pradesh from the old workhorse Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle (PSLV) on November 5, 2013 with the aim of reaching the red planet’s atmosphere by Sept 24, traversing 680 million km.
Last week ISRO scientists said the spacecraft had completed 90 per cent of its journey towards Mars. On September 24, the scientists will undertake a “challenging task” when they would restart the on board liquid engine, which has been in sleep mode for nearly 10 months, for Mars Orbit insertion.
The project is expected to provide the scientific community better opportunities in planetary research.

Varun Aaron  Ishwar Pandey to train under Glenn McGrath at MRF PaceFoundationPress Trust of India | Chennai |     September 2, 2014 12:44 pm
India’s fastest bowler Varun Aaron has started his 10-day training programme under Aussie legend Glenn McGrath at the MRF Pace Foundation as part of a tie-up between the BCCI and company.
The BCCI, in a strategic tie-up with MRF, has announced a 10-day camp for some of the talented pacers but the spotlight will be on speed merchant Aaron, who will be working under McGrath, to iron out the chinks in his bowling as well as learning about the tricks of bowling on pitches Down Under.
India will be playing four Test matches while Aaron will also be eyeing to make a comeback into the ODI team.
Along with Aaron, two other notable names training at the foundation are Ishwar Pandey, who has been a part of the Indian touring party in New Zealand and England, and India discard Ashoke Dinda.
McGrath, who has taken over from Dennis Lillee as the chief coach of India’s premier pace bowling factory, had earlier worked with Aaron and Pandey. McGrath considers Pandey as one of the most talented swing bowlers in the country at the moment.
“Dinda, for his part has developed a lot of technical flaws in his bowling apart from being one-dimensional in his approach. He has been advised to have a stint under McGrath, who can work on his flaws before the Ranji Trophy comes calling in December,” a source in know of the developments told PTI today.
“With Mohammed Shami unlikely to be available due to national duty, an in-form Dinda is a must for Bengal,” he added.
Some of the other pacers, who would be in the camp include Mumbai’s fast medium bowler Shardul Thakur, who had impressed one and all during the last Ranji Trophy season.
There is Rajasthan’s Deepak Chahar, who after a dream Ranji debut spell of 8/10 against Hyderabad, faded into oblivion due to poor form and injuries.
Jharkhand fast bowler Rahul Shukla and Railways’ Anureet Singh, both of whom were a part of India A team in Australia recently, will also be working under McGrath.
Also, there is India U-19 medium pacer Chama Milind, who had represented the country in the last World Cup.
Bengal’s reserve seamer Veer Pratap Singh, lanky UP bowler Ankit Rajput, who had played for CSK in the last IPL, will also be there among the bowlers.

Sensex @ 27K; soars 2 000 pts in 100 days of Modi govt: Top bets100 days of Narendra Modi government
(The S&P BSE Sensex has been…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex hit 27,000 in today's intraday trade; marking eighth straight day of gains. Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also breached 8,100 levels for the first time.
Indian markets have witnessed their best period in the past 100 days after the NDA government took charge on 26 May, 2014. Both the Sensex and the Nifty have managed to hit fresh record highs almost on a daily basis, supported by strong global liquidity and robust macro numbers.
Tuesday marks the 100th day since Narendra Modi was sworn in as India's 14th Prime Minister. The S&P BSE Sensex has rallied nearly 9 per cent since then.
The S&P BSE Sensex has been the best performing market among the major global markets, up over 27 per cent so far in the year 2014, supported by strong global liquidity and expectation of pro-growth reforms from the newly-elected Modi government.
According to experts, one thing which stands out since NDA took over the charge is the fact that business confidence is back and macro data points are also showing signs of revival, which is good for both the economy and the markets.
"I agree that investor sentiment is really very solid. It is not just in India. We have talked to many international investors and almost uniformly there is a lot of confidence in India's growth potential now and we certainly are in a very good position," said Saugata Bhattacharya, Economist, Axis Bank.
"Even domestically, although the agricultural scenario is still relatively deficient rains, but I do not think anything as bad is likely to happen. So, we have a long way to go in terms of moving up the growth trajectory," he added.
Indian has managed to attract strong FII flows so far in the year 2014 despite geo-political uncertainties and this was possible because India managed to bring down fiscal deficit, current account deficit and revival in GDP growth.
"A better environment is beginning to set up for a recovery to happen without really pushing inflation higher because in this particular quarter (June qtr), if you look at GDP deflator based inflation, it has actually gone up for the whole GDP by almost a per cent compared to Q4 in the services sector," said Gaurav Kapur, Senior Economist at RBS.
"Over the next couple of quarters, we would see some tampering down of growth, but on the whole for the year, I think that we will be able get a 5.5 per cent growth with some revival in manufacturing, services and improvement in the investment activity," he added.
Betting big on the government's reforms agenda, net investments by overseas investors into India so far this year reached USD 30-billion level, while their cumulative total inflows into the country crossed the $200-billion mark, said a PTI report.
We have collated a list of top ten stock ideas from brokerage firms for the next 12 months:
Brokerage Firm: Prabhudas Lilladher
Infosys: Target price set at Rs 4,040
Infosys continues with its effort to sharpen the sales team. We see more new strategic initiatives to prioritize investments in 'sales & marketing' under the new leadership of Dr. Vishal Sikka. We expect new strategic initiatives to be announced by Infosys under the new leadership of Dr. Vishal Sikka.
  HDFC Bank: Target price set at Rs 925
Underlying macros remain challenging impacting financials, but we see limited risks to earnings growth as the bank sweats out its branches further and credit costs will get cushioned by floating buffer. Higher RORWAs/ROEs will help sustain premium valuations.
State Bank of India: Target price set at Rs 3,000
SBI's asset quality has improved on some ARC sales and better recoveries. Though slippages are still high, but overall stress seems to be diminishing, bringing stability to asset quality. Opex efficiencies are now kicking in on measures of correction overheads and are also best placed on pension and wage provisions which will keep Opex growth lowest among peers.
Larsen & Toubro Ltd: Target price set at Rs 1,813
L&T has maintained its guidance, given for the consolidated entity at the start of the year, of 15 per cent revenue growth and 20 per cent order inflow growth in FY15. The management expects ordering in the domestic market to pick up in H2FY15. They expect the strong momentum in inflow from the export market to continue in FY15.
The stock is trading at core PE of 16.5x FY16E earnings. L&T continues to be the best play in the Indian infrastructure space, given its strong business model, diverse skill sets, strong execution capabilities and relatively healthy/large balance sheet.
Wipro: Target price set at Rs 680
The management asserted for stronger H2FY15 than H1FY15 on the back of large deal wins over the last six months. Weakness in Q2FY15 guidance was attributed to rampdown, project closure and delay in ramp-up of the new project.

PM Narendra Modi: India offers 3Ds to Japan; democracy  demography & demandgdp
(PM Modi said, "There is no…)
NEW DELHI: Inviting Japanese investors to 'Make in India', Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday said, "There is no better place than India for Japanese investors. India is one of the most competitive markets in the world."
Addressing Japan's Nikkei Exchange , Modi said that India offers the three essential 'Ds' for businessmen to thrive namely; Democracy, Demography and Demand. "It is important for Japan to move to low cost hubs of manufacturing."
Promising a conducive environment for investors, Modi said, "Foreign investors need a proper environment to grow in India. We are working towards improving ease of doing business in India." "There is no red tape but red carpet in India. We have eased off a lot of regulations," Modi sought to assure.
Talking about Japan's prowess in hardware manufacturing, Modi advocated India's robust software industry. "India is known for its software services, Japan for its hardware. Let's work together to enhance the two," Modi said.
He told Japanese investors that India is a "god gifted location" for reaching out to global markets. Modi said his government is ready to offer whatever is required to promote foreign investment into India.
"Without Japan, India is incomplete and without India, Japan is incomplete", he said.
Modi also said that India plans to roll out metro trains in at least 50 cities. Government is focused on promoting small & medium industries, Modi added. "India has a government that is working on development, to increase manufacturing."
Confident of great results from India-Japan ties, Modi said, "India & Japan can create history by working together in several sectors such as digital, solar energy, technology, skills."
Citing the recent spurt in GDP growth, Modi said, "Within 100 days of our government, we have managed to achieve a 5.7% growth. GDP growth indicates that our policies, decisions and ease of business are yielding results."
Hardselling India as a manufacturing destination, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today invited Japanese investments, saying the era of "red tape" has been replaced by "red carpet" with ease of doing business and liberalisation.
"I have come to assure you that there is no Red Tape but Red Carpet in India. For the ease of business, we have changed so many rules. Never has earlier any government done so much in such a short time," he said, while underlining the "speed" at which decisions are taken by his government.
(With inputs from PTI)

Cipla surges over 8%; top gainer on Sensex  ...Anti-asthma inhaler
(The launch paves way for…)
MUMBAI: Shares of pharmaceutical firm Cipla today settled with over 5 per cent higher as the company launched its generic drug used for treatment of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease in Germany and Sweden.
After surging 8.58 per cent to Rs 575.20 -- its 52-week high level, shares of Cipla finally ended at Rs 557.40, up 5.23 per cent at the BSE.
On the NSE, the stock was up 5.38 per cent to Rs 557.60 at closing.
Led by the rally in the stock, the company's market value surged Rs 2,224.84 crore to Rs 44,754.84 crore.
The stock was the best performer among the blue-chips on both Sensex and Nifty during the day.
While the drug Salmeterol/Fluticasone MDI will be sold under the Serroflo brand in Germany, it will be marketed as Salmeterol/Fluticasone Cipla in Sweden , Cipla had said in a statement yesterday.
Serroflo will substantially improve the affordability of fixed combinations in Europe and help manage health costs for respiratory treatment, the company had said.
The product will be available in the strengths of 120 doses of 25/125 mcg salmeterol/fluticasone and 120 doses of 25/250 mcg salmeterol/fluticasone.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex zips past 27000; Nifty eyes 9000: top 20 stock bets for todayYou are here: Home > Collections > Trade
Sensex, Nifty at record highs; top 20 trading ideas
ET Now Sep 2, 2014, 02.02PM IST
Tags:
Adani Ports
("Investors definitely…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex rallied over 215 points in trade on Tuesday to hit its fresh record high of 27,082.85, while the Nifty too registered a fresh life-high of 8,101.95 in trade today.
The Sensex jumped 1,000 points in just 12 trading sessions. The rally in the index was led by gains in Cipla, Bharti Airtel, Sun Pharma and HDFC Bank.
At 2:01 p.m.; the 50-share index was at 8,099.20, up 71.50 points or 0.89 per cent. It touched all-time high of 8,101.95 and a low of 8,036.55 in trade.
The S&P BSE Sensex was at 27,075.05, up 207.50 points or 0.77 per cent. It touched all-time high of 27,082.85 and a low of 26,886.22 in trade.
"Investors definitely need to exercise caution considering the fact that markets have already run up quite a bit. But to say that there is no scope to invest in this market, I would not agree to that," said Sudip Bandyopadhyay, President, Destimoney Securities Pvt. Ltd.
"There are still enough and more opportunities. Infrastructure as an area, real estate as an area, the entire power sector as an area still is a long-long way to go and these will go on the back of the reforms, on the back of removal of the bottlenecks which have been plaguing these sectors," he added.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
ACC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1575 and a stop loss of Rs 1510
Century Textiles is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 655 and a stop loss of Rs 610
Apollo Tyres is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 195 and a stop loss of Rs 177
Adani Ports is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 310 and a stop loss of Rs 285
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
McLeod Russel is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 310 and a stop loss of Rs 291
Petronet LNG is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 205 and a stop loss of Rs 187
Bajaj Auto is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2350 and a stop loss of Rs 2279
Tree House Education is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 450 and a stop loss of Rs 394
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
Bharti Airtel is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 403 and a stop loss of Rs 384
Ultratech is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2770 and a stop loss of Rs 2710
Century Textiles is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 640 and a stop loss of Rs 615
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
Biocon is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 505 and a stop loss of Rs 485
Century Textiles is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 637 and a stop loss of Rs 610
DLF Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 186 and a stop loss of Rs 180
Rakesh Bansal, VP, RK Global
Ambuja Cements is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 223 and a stop loss of Rs 205.50
LG Balakrishnan & Bros is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 587 and a stop loss of Rs 515
VIP Industries is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 106.50 and a stop loss of Rs 97.50
Shrikant Chouhan, Senior VP-Technical Research, Kotak Securities
HDFC Bank is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 900 and a stop loss of Rs 838
IRB Infrastructure is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 270 and a stop loss of Rs 243
JK Tyre is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 335 and a stop loss of Rs 285
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

TVS Motor hits 52-week high on August sales figureAugust sale
(At 10:30 AM; TVS Motor Company…)
NEW DELHI: TVS Motor Company Ltd rallied as much as 4.3 per cent in trade on Tuesday to hit its fresh 52-week high of Rs 201.80, after the company reported a 47 per cent growth in two-wheelers in the month of August 2014 to 217,662 units from 148,469 units recorded in August 2013.
The Chennai-based company had sold 1,55,532 units in the same month last year, TVS Motor Company said in a statement.
At 10:30 AM; TVS Motor Company Ltd was trading 2.7 per cent higher at Rs 198.65. It hit a low of Rs 196.90 and a 52-week high of Rs 201.80 in trade today.
Total two-wheeler sales increased by 47 per cent to 2,17,662 units in August 2014 as against 1,48,469 units in the same month a year ago.
Domestic two-wheeler sales stood at 1,90,547 units last month, up 50 per cent, from 1,27,095 units in the year-ago period, it added.
Scooters sales during the month grew by 84 per cent to 67,240 units in August 2014 as against 36,478 units in the corresponding month last year, said a PTI report.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Team inspects Mullaperiyar damUpdated: September 2, 2014 13:19 IST
Team inspects Mullaperiyar dam
Tweet
Members of the Central Water Commissionsub-committee inspecting the Periyarmain dam at Thekkady on Monday
With the water level steadily increasing in the Mullaiperiyar dam, the five-member sub-committee on Monday inspected the main dam, the baby dam, the tunnel area and the spots where the water level is read and pressure monitored.
Widespread rains in the catchments in the past 10-14 days have pushed up the level to 128.8 feet. In less than 24 hours, it is likely to touch the 130-foot mark.
The members, led by Central Water Commission Executive Engineer Umberji Harish Girish, also inspected the manual operation of shutters and gearbox and the 145-foot-long tunnel, and monitored the seepage level.
Mr. Harish told reporters that the inspection was routine. “We are going to stay here. We will visit the dam frequently and monitor the storage. We will pass all information to the supervisory committee periodically,” he said.
The other members of the sub-committee are Kerala Irrigation Department Executive Engineer George Daniel; Kerala Irrigation Department Assistant Engineer N.S. Praseed; PWD Madurai Division Executive Engineer A. Madhavan; and Sub-Divisional Officer R. Soundaram.
Meanwhile, Mr. Girish advised Kerala officials to supply electricity to the dam quickly to lift the shutters of surplus weirs. Kerala officials promised him that they would take up the matter with their government. The sub-committee will meet again when the level touches 130 feet.

A big bang reform that may be spot onUpdated: September 2, 2014 01:24 IST
A big bang reform that may be spot on
T. T. Ram Mohan
banking
The reassuring message in the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana is that in pursuing its economic objectives, the government wants to accord an important role to the public sector even while relying on market mechanisms
The goal is hard to achieve. It is costly and unviable. It will create huge stresses in the banking system. The Narendra Modi government’s Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana (JDY), an ambitious scheme for financial inclusion aimed at creating 7.5 crore new bank accounts in the banking sector by January 26, 2015, has its sceptics and critics. There is more than a fair chance that they will be proved wrong.
Think back to the last comparable attempt at financial inclusion — Indira Gandhi’s bold move to nationalise 14 banks in 1969 (with another six being nationalised in 1980). We heard pretty much the same arguments then. Bank nationalisation was denounced as populist, a socialist gimmick, politically-motivated and worse. Today, not many would question the beneficial impact nationalisation had on banking and the Indian economy. To put JDY in perspective, it is useful to see what bank nationalisation achieved.
Rise in saving
Bank nationalisation saw a huge expansion in branches into the hinterland. The expansion of the branch network, in turn, caused money kept under the mattress to be swept into the banking system. Cash under the mattress may be savings for an individual but these do not translate into “saving” for the economy. “Saving,” in economic terms, is whatever is available for lending or investment, that is, savings that come into the financial system.
Bank nationalisation caused the saving rate to go up from 12 per cent of GDP in 1968-69 to 20 per cent in 1979-80. The rise in saving facilitated a commensurate rise in the investment rate from 13 per cent to 21 per cent. The increase in the investment rate set the stage for the growth rate of the economy to shift from the much-derided “Hindu” rate of 3.5 per cent up to the 1970s to 5.5 per cent in the 1980s. It was the first shift in trajectory in India’s economic growth in the post-Independence period.
This outcome was not anticipated by economists then and is not adequately appreciated even now. It required a politician with her finger on the pulse of the nation to sense the economic potential of bank nationalisation, whatever the political motivation for the timing of the move.
Inclusion not only increases deposits, but also brings in lowcost deposits through savings and current accounts. For public sector banks, the high proportion of low-cost deposits in total deposits turned out to be a source of competitive advantage.
Financial inclusion benefited not just the economy but also the public sector banks (PSB) despite initial setbacks. Investments in branches and the servicing of millions of small accounts pushed up operational costs in nationalised banks. Combined with bad loans, the investment resulted in the net worth of public sector banks turning negative by the early 1990s. However, the infusion of capital by government was modest by international standards — less than 2 per cent of GDP, compared to anywhere between 5-60 per cent elsewhere.
Bank recapitalisation was part of a larger package of banking sector reform. Another key reform was the listing of PSBs which subjected them to market discipline. At the same time, India’s economic growth began to accelerate in the 1990s.
In these new conditions, the long-run benefits of financial inclusion began to kick in. Inclusion not only increases deposits, it brings in low-cost deposits through savings and current accounts. For PSBs, the high proportion of low-cost deposits in total deposits turned out to be a source of competitive advantage. Their financial performance improved through the 1990s and the noughties and even after the financial crisis of 2007 until the problems in the infrastructure sector came to the fore. Judged over some three decades, bank nationalisation proved a winner with financial inclusion being a key driver of success.
JDY has the potential to have a similar impact. It could see the household saving rate go up and boost the overall saving rate. And it could impart a shot in the arm to PSBs which have been losing market share to new private sector banks. Financial inclusion entails upfront costs but begins to pay off once a certain scale has been reached.
Direct benefit transfer
Critics of the scheme contend that merely scaling-up will not help the banks or the economy. They say that many of the new accounts created by inclusion initiatives in recent years have low balances or remain inoperative. They overlook a crucial change in the situation: large amounts are poised to flow into bank accounts, thanks to the direct benefit transfer scheme (DBT) rolled out in January 2013.
Right now, DBT covers 28 schemes, mostly payment of pensions and scholarships. It will soon cover payment of subsidies as well as wages under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MGNREGA).
Payment of subsidies is scheduled for the first phase of financial inclusion, that is August 2014-August 2015. Once this happens, PSBs will have substantial “float” funds (on which they pay zero interest) in the accounts they have opened. These are equivalent to low-cost deposits and should compensate for high operational costs. Over time, banks should have in place the infrastructure and the processes to make loans to the new account holders. Small loans have been freed from interest rate regulation and we know from the experience of micro-finance institutions that they can be hugely lucrative. Then, there is the fee income from selling insurance products. Putting all these together, in the long-run, JDY could replicate the effect that nationalisation had on the financial performance of PSBs.
The add-ons
There are details that need to be worked out. Every account under the scheme comes with a RuPay debit card and Rs.5,000 overdraft facility in the first phase. In the second phase, a Rs.1 lakh accident insurance facility and a Rs.30,000 life insurance facility will be added.
How exactly the premia on the insurance facilities will be paid for has not been spelt out. Some reports indicate that the premia will come out of charges levied on RuPay card transactions. Will the volume of RuPay transactions be large enough to pay for the premia? Banks need to have an idea of the fee income they can hope to generate from the accounts. If the insurance premia involve any subsidy, the government must bear the cost.
The Rs.5,000 overdraft facility has given rise to concerns about another loan “mela.” This would amount to Rs.37,500 crore for 7.5 crore account holders. These concerns are overblown. Banks will provide the overdraft facility only after watching the account holder’s record for six months. There is an incentive for repayment, which is that the account holder can avail of the facility as often as he likes. It should be possible to contain losses at an acceptable level.
Public sector bank-centric
Two aspects of JDY are worth highlighting. First, it is “big bang” reform alright but not quite what advocates of reforms have been urging. Mr. Modi has sensed the need for a game-changer at a time of flagging economic growth. However, he has chosen to rely on his own instincts in judging what that game-changer might be. Mr. Modi’s preference for an initiative that combines inclusiveness with the potential to boost growth could turn out to be spot on.
Second, the government has decided that financial inclusion is best pursued through PSBs. This is rather different from the view implied by the decision of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to use new institutions, such as payment banks and small banks, to push inclusion. The RBI seemed to have concluded that not much could be expected of PSBs. If JDY works out as planned, one wonders whether there will much space left for payment banks. Why would a customer go to a payment bank that only provides deposit and payment services when he has access to a full-scope bank?
The government’s reliance on PSBs makes sense — and not just because there is an enormous infrastructure that can be readily tapped. Where regulation is weak and contracts ill-developed, it is best to use public institutions to attain larger objectives, instead of relying on regulation or public-private partnerships. It is easier for the government to enforce its writ through institutions that it directly controls. The reassuring message in JDY is that in pursuing its economic objectives, the government wants to accord an important role to the public sector even while relying on market mechanisms.
(T.T. Ram Mohan is a professor at IIM Ahmedabad.)

100 days of Modi Sarkar: Top 10 talking points since the NDA govt took overComments
To his admirers, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has made a great start.
PM Narendra Modi flanked by defence minister Arun Jaitley, Maharashtra governor K Shankarnarayanan and Maharashta CM Pritviraj Chavan during the commissioning ceremony of INS Kolkata at the Naval Dockyard in Mumbai. (PTI photo)
His critics, on the other hand, say the new government’s initiatives to script a turnaround tale in a country where the economy has hit a slump is nothing but old wine in a new bottle.
Whatever is the case, one thing is for sure the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government has courted quite a few controversies in its brief stint.
As Modi completes 100 days in office in the first week of September, HT takes a look at the top 10 controversies that have become a talking point.
Also Read | Narendra Modi gets the mandate again, from readers
1. Rajnath protests, PMO backs him
Rajnath Singh’s position in the Modi government and the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) became a matter of media speculation, as a series of reports claimed the Prime Minister's Office (PMO) has been clipping his wings, quietly.
Singh is a former chief minister of Uttar Pradesh and a two-time BJP chief who was instrumental behind Modi's projection as party's campaign committee chief and eventually its PM face.
While some reports said Modi was unhappy with some misdemeanor on part of Singh’s son, the Union home minister said he would quit politics if anybody could prove that any of his family members was involved in any misconduct.
However, separate statements by the PMO and BJP chief Amit Shah ended all speculation about Singh's position in the government and the party.
The controversy came close on the heels of the BJP denying Singh’s son, Pankaj Singh, a ticket to contest a by-election from Noida in Uttar Pradesh.
Read More
2. CMs versus PM: To avoid or not to avoid
Crowds booed Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda and his Jharkhand counterpart Hemant Soren in Modi’s presence, fueling talk over whether there was a BJP design to undermine the CMs in the election-bound states.
Maharashtra CM Prithviraj Chavan too was heckled by BJP supporters, following which he refused to appear with the PM in Nagpur.
The Congress, which has reportedly asked its chief ministers to avoid sharing the stage with Modi, saw a pattern in the humiliation of opposition leaders.
The PM had recently unveiled a string of infrastructure projects in Jammu and Kashmir, Haryana, Jharkhand and Maharashtra – all opposition-ruled states going to polls later this year.
 
3. Tale of UPA-appointed governors
Vinod Kumar Duggal became the ninth governor appointed by the United Progressive Alliance (UPA) regime to quit since the NDA government came to power in May this year. He was the governor of Manipur.
 
Earlier, Sheila Dikshit's resignation from the Kerala Raj Bhawan on August 25 added fuel to a raging controversy over the fate of UPA government-appointed governors in the NDA regime.
 
Dikshit quit after being apparently nudged by the new government. The former Delhi CM's resignation came a day after her Maharashtra counterpart, K Sankaranarayanan, quit to protest his transfer to Mizoram.
Also Read | Government makes gradual, tough changes to fix a sputtering economy
 
Earlier, the NDA government had transferred Kamla Beniwal as Mizoram governor from Gujarat Raj Bhawan. When Beniwal refused to resign, she was sacked three months before the end of her tenure in October.
 
Similarly, Lt Governor of Puducherry Virendra Kataria was also sacked by the government.
 
Five other governors — MK Narayanan (West Bengal), Ashwani Kumar (Nagaland), BL Joshi (UP), BV Wanchoo (Goa) and Shekhar Dutt (Chhattisgarh) — had put in their papers apparently after they were telephoned by the Union home secretary.
 
V Purushothaman, the governor of Mizoram, had also resigned after he was transferred to Nagaland in July this year.
 
Uttarakhand governor Aziz Qureshi has challenged Centre's move to ease him out of office, bringing the controversy over removal of UPA-appointed governors under judicial lens.
 
 4. Z-category security for tainted MLA Sangeet Som
The Modi government's decision to provide Z-category security to Uttar Pradesh BJP legislator Sangeet Som, 35, kicked up a political storm, with the Congress questioning whether a person “who is a threat to others” deserved the status.
In a police FIR, Som has been accused of making inflammatory speeches and uploading a video of a lynching that apparently fanned the Muzaffarnagar riots last year that left at least 60 people dead, most of them Muslims, and displaced 50,000.
The youngest of all the BJP legislators in UP, Som, who represents Sardhana assembly segment in Meerut, was guarded by five security men so far. As per the new security detail, Som will get about 30 guards as well as bulletproof vehicles.
Read More
5. Judges’ appointment bill under scanner
Amid a debate over the appointment of judges in higher judiciary, Parliament passed two crucial bills providing for a new mechanism to appoint judges by scrapping the two-decade-old collegium system, a move some jurists said they would challenge in the Supreme Court.
The constitutionality of the Constitution amendment and National Judicial Appointments Commission (NJAC) bills was questioned and a batch of petitions filed in the Supreme Court argued that the bills interfere with the independence of the judiciary.

Upbeat PM Narendra Modi plays drums  wows Japanese businessmenUpbeat PM Narendra Modi plays taiko drums, wows Japanese businessmen
Sitaraman Shankar , Hindustan Times  Tokyo, September 02, 2014
First Published: 10:18 IST(2/9/2014) | Last Updated: 12:40 IST(2/9/2014)
A day after signing a clutch of deals with Japanese PM Shinzo Abe, Narendra Modi was in upbeat mood on Tuesday – and this time he wowed a set of suited businessmen by playing traditional Taiko drums with great verve.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi plays the Taiko drums in Tokyo
Modi’s performance came at the launch of Tata Consultancy Services’s Technology and Cultural Academy, a programme to send young Japanese employees to India for training in technical and cultural skills.
After TCS CEO N Chandrasekaran finished his opening remarks, inviting Modi to play a note on the drums after the professional drummers had finished, Modi asked “Pehle drum bajaiyen?” and could barely wait his turn.
The two drummers – one man and one woman -- did their number and then Modi took over, playing the drums at a rapid beat and holding his own when the male drummer joined him. The audience – some of it on videoconference -- burst into applause when he had finished.
Watch: PM Modi plays the taiko drum
The TCS programme involves eight weeks of classroom training and six months project work at various locations in India, and Modi asked the young Japanese not to get locked into a classroom, to get out every weekend and spend some money.
“Come back not just as a TCS employee but as an ambassador of India,” he said, before wading into the crowd to interact with the chosen students.
Earlier Modi addressed girl students at the Sacred Heart University, fielding questions from college and school children. He dealt mainly in allegory, talking of India’s “cabinet” of female goddesses in the Hindu pantheon.
He sidestepped a question on how to face the Chinese threat, saying that India and Japan should focus on progress, and it was possible to take on a dark room not by fighting it with swords and brooms but by lighting a diya.
In the afternoon, Modi calls on Emperor Akihito and delivers the keynote address at a business seminar.

Fire in Kolkata high-rise under control  no casualties reportedComments
Fire struck on the 15th and 16th floors of Chatterjee International, one of the oldest highrises in the city’s business district, on Tuesday just before the beginning of full fledged office hours, sending panic waves across the city that was ravaged by devastating fires in the past few years including the ones at AMRI hospital and Stephen Court.
 
The fire started around 8:30 on the 15th floor and spread to the 16th. It raged for over three hours before it was brought under control by 17 fire engines.
 
Parts of the 14th and 17th floors were also damaged.
 
“The floors have fire extinguishers, sprinklers and fire alarm. But since they are not operated, they do not work,” alleged Firoj Akhtar, an employee of an office on the 21st floor.
 
Fortunately, there were no casualties, an escape described as providential by some who has offices in that building. Electricity connections in the entire 24 storied building and adjoining office buildings were snapped soon after the fire spotted.
 
Four persons, who were on 21st floor, got choked by the smoke. They were rushed to the nearby SSKM Hospital but were later released after preliminary treatment. However, one firemen was injured while dousing the fire.
 
“I was stuck on the 21st floor of the building. Fire engulfed the entire floor. I waved with a piece of cloth through the window to draw attention. Later, I was rescued by the fire service officials,” said Akhtar, one of the four people trapped inside the building.
 
The building was completed in 1976 and has 24 floors, all occupied by office and business establishments.
 
“We don’t know what caused the fire. We will only know after the probe in over,” said fire services minister Javed Khan. However, the word spread at the spot that kerosene and cooking stoves that contain highly inflammable material might have been present at the spot.
 
Incidentally, Stephen Court that was engulfed by a massive fire on March 24, 2010 killing 43, is less than a km from the spot.
 
“The fire can be partially attributed to the sheer negligence of fire officials. I saw sparks in the AC machine in my office, I alerted the firemen. But they were busy battling the fire on the 15th,” said Prem Kanoria, who owns an office on the 16th floor.
 
Kanoria’s office was completely gutted. “I saw the fire on the TV and came rushing. But I had to helplessly watch it being engulfed by the fire,” rued Kanoria.
 
Apart from the fire engines, two sky lifts and four ladders were deployed at the spot.
 
But lack of planning and coordination became evident again on Tuesday. A 40-metre skylift reached the spot an hour after the fire was noticed. But it could not reach the 15th floor where the fire had broken out.
 
Then a 70-metre skylift was rushed to bring out those trapped on that floor. But it was a good two hours after the fire.
 
Firemen were seen struggling with the taller apparatus, a clear indication that they were not fully familiar with the operation.
 
The fire services minister, Javed Khan, mayor Sovan Chatterjee, housing development minister Arup Biswas rushed to the spot. Ritesh Tiwari, who is contesting the Chowringhee assembly bypoll for BJP, also came in the morning.
 
“Why couldn’t the state government act within 15 minutes of the fire breaking out? The fire station is close to the spot,” said Tiwari.
 
“I went to the 15th and 16th floor.  The fire was completely under control by then,” said Javed Khan around midday.
Fire breaks out at Chatterjee International Centre in #Kolkata. (Photo courtesy: Twitter handle @ANI_news)

Your guide to book a DDA flat in Delhi: 13 things to knowYour guide to book a flat under the new DDA housing scheme in Delhi
Durga M Sengupta , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 02, 2014
First Published: 12:27 IST(2/9/2014) | Last Updated: 02:28 IST(3/9/2014)
Have you been visiting the DDA website, trying to figure out how to book a flat under the new housing scheme? Do you have unanswered questions before you take the plunge?
Here's our list of 13 FAQ's you need to read before trying your luck:
How many flats are up for grabs?
A total of 25,034 flats are available under the scheme, 22,627 of which are 1BHK flats. DDA is offering 700 flats under the Economically Weaker Section (EWS) category as well.
Where can I apply?
You can buy the brochure from select branches of 13 banks empanelled by the DDA. Alternatively, the DDA was letting people download the brochure from their website. However, the site crashed on Monday and now you will be redirected to the bank web page to download it. Online payment can be made through NEFT/RTGS/net banking application at the bank's website. Payment through credit/debit card is not accepted. Also, please note that unlike DDA's previous schemes, forms will not be available at Vikas Sadan this time.
How much does the brochure cost?
The brochure costs Rs. 150. If you download it online, you will have to pay the sum during submission.
Will my bank help me?
You can apply for the scheme at the following 13 banks: Punjab National Bank, State Bank of India, Central Bank of India, Corporation Bank, Syndicate Bank, Union Bank of India, Indusland Bank, Kotak Mahindra Bank, IDBI Bank, ICICI Bank Ltd, Yes Bank, HDFC Bank and Axis Bank.
Where are the flats located?
The maximum number of flats are located in Rohini, Narela and Dwarka. There are also some flats in Mukherjee Nagar, Jasola, Kalyan Vihar, Jahangirpuri, Vasant Kunj, Shalimar Bagh and Motia Khan.
Do I need to carry some ID proof?
No, all you need is a photocopy of your PAN card. The one-page form is easy to fill.
What is the registration fee for a flat?
There is a Rs. 1 lakh registration fee for general category and Rs. 10,000 fee for EWS category. You need to submit the form, along with a banker's cheque or demand draft (DD) favouring 'DDA HOUSING' payable at Delhi. If your name doesn't appear in the draw, this fee will be fully refunded within 15-20 days after it is announced.
Am I eligible for the scheme?
Any Indian citizen, 18 years of age and above can apply. However, you are not eligible to apply if you already own a flat or plot in your or your spouse/child's name in Delhi.
Till when can I apply for the scheme?
October 9, 2014 is the last date for application.
How many times can I apply?
A person can only apply once.
If I'm applying for a flat can my husband/wife also apply?
Yes, both of you can apply separately. However, if both of you are allotted flats, only one can be retained.
When will I find out if I'm the lucky one?
The draw of lots for the scheme is expected to be held between 25 and 31 October and DDA promises to hand over all flats by March 2015.
Is there something else I need to know?
Yes, for the first time, DDA has introduced a 5-year lock-in-period which means you cannot sell the flat for at least 5 years after buying it. This has been done to cut out middlemen and reduce speculative buying.

Spare 46 coal blocks  scrap others  govt to SCSpare 46 coal blocks, scrap others, govt to SC
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 01, 2014
First Published: 15:31 IST(1/9/2014) | Last Updated: 09:51 IST(2/9/2014)
Comments
The Attorney General asked the Supreme Court on Monday to spare 46 of 218 coal blocks allocations declared illegal last week as they had had already begun production or were close to doing so, but said the Centre would have no problem if the court cancelled the blocks.
 
Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi suggested companies mining the 46 blocks should be directed to pay up for the losses incurred by the exchequer due to the illegal allocation but added the NDA government was open to re-auctioning the coal blocks if they were cancelled. The government was not championing anyone’s cause, he added.
 
The Supreme Court on August 25 declared all coal block allocations between 1993 and 2010 illegal but stopped short of cancelling them, a verdict that cast a shadow of uncertainty over investments running into thousands of crores in the sector that is crucial for the revival of the economy.
 
As the Attorney General was unable to provide a specific list of the blocks, the court asked the government to submit a list of operational mines by September 8 and said the next hearing will be held on September 9.
 
According to the coal ministry website, 27 coal blocks were already producing as of last year and several others are on the verge of starting production.
 
Top companies that have been producing coal include RPG Industries at the Sarisatolli coal block in West Bengal, Hindalco Industries at Talabira in Odisha, Jindal Steel and Power Ltd in Gare-Palma in Chhattisgarh, Prakash Industries at a coal block in Chotia in Chhatisgarh and Usha Martin Ltd at a coal block in Katuria, Jharkhand. More coal blocks are likely to start producing soon this year, according to the coal ministry.?
 
The bench said it would pass orders only after hearing the Coal Producers Association, Sponge Iron Manufacturers Association and Independent Power Producers Association of India which represent coal manufacturing companies.
 
But the Attorney General opposed a court suggestion to set up a committee to recommend appropriate action and said companies mining the 46 blocks should be asked to pay for the losses incurred by the exchequer due to the illegal allocation.
 
“The CAG estimates the loss was at Rs. 295 per tonne. We should proceed on that basis and ask the allottees to refund the money. Calculations must be done from the date when mining began at these blocks. Our endeavour is to finish the process of re-allocation at the earliest,” Rohatgi said. A Comptroller and Auditor General report estimates the coal scam cost the exchequer Rs. 1.86 lakh crore in losses.
 
Companies that get mining leases to provide coal for power generation will have to sign a power purchase agreement with state governments assuring them of supplies in case they want to continue with their allocation, he added.
 
Rohatgi said of the 218 blocks, the government had cancelled 80 even before the Supreme Court verdict came. The government has sought exemption for 46. Twelve of the remaining 92 are for Ultra Mega Power Projects (UMPP) that would not be cancelled in line with the court’s September 25 judgment. Any cancellation will only affect 80 blocks.
 
“We will auction all the 160 blocks (80 already cancelled by government and 80 others likely to be cancelled by the SC) without any delay and we do not want any committee to decide the consequences of the judgment. This country needs power and it’s important to get these mines rolling,” Rohatgi said.
 
NGO, Common Cause and advocate Manohar Lal Sharma had challenged the allocations through separate PILs. While Sharma called for cancellation of all the blocks, Common Cause lawyer Prashant Bhushan said gradual de-allocation should take place, just as it did when 2G licenses were cancelled two years ago.

Sensex Hits 27 000  Nifty Firm Above 8 050You are here: Home Market
Sensex Hits 27,000 For First Time, Nifty Above 8,050
NDTV | Updated On: September 02, 2014 13:08 (IST)
BSE Sensex and Nifty rose today to fresh record highs amid optimism over recovery in the Indian economy after the first quarter growth surged to nine-quarter high.
Sensex and Nifty clocked fresh record highs of 27,002 and 8,076.65 today.
Foreign investors, key drivers of the market rally this year, have bought shares worth $13 billion, or nearly Rs 78,000 crore, in 2014 so far despite some geopolitical tensions, on continued optimism about an improving economy and expectations that the Narendra Modi government will usher in significant reforms. On Monday, foreign investors bought Indian equities worth Rs 554 crore.
Analysts remain positive on the markets in the short-term see some profit-taking surfacing at higher remains.
Gaurang Shah, assistant vice president at Geojit BNP Paribas Financial Services, said good macro data like GDP numbers, foreign inflows and fall in oil prices are driving Indian markets. But he sees some profit-taking at 8,100 levels for Nifty.
Technical analyst Sarvendra Srivasatava sees markets heading higher in short-term but says 8050-8100 level remains the resistance zone for Nifty.
Cipla surged over 6 per cent to be the biggest Nifty gainer. Cipla on Monday launched its generic drug used for treatment of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease in Germany and Sweden. While the drug - Salmeterol/Fluticasone MDI - will be sold under the Serroflo brand in Germany, it will be marketed as Salmeterol/Fluticasone Cipla in Sweden, Cipla said in a statement. The combined market size of the drug is estimated around $100 million.
Cement stocks were also among gainers after core sector data for July indicated that cement production grew 16.4 per cent during the month. UltraTech, ACC, Grasim Industries and Ambuja Cement rose between 2-3 per cent.
Hero MotoCorp rose 1.7 per cent after August sales jumped 21 per cent. Some buying was also seen in banking stocks with IndusInd Bank and HDFC Bank gaining between 0.8 per cent and 1.5 per cent.
Some selling pressure was seen in metal stocks with JSPL and Sesa Sterlite down between 1 per cent and 2 per cent.
At 1:05 p.m., Sensex was up 127 points to 26,994 while Nifty rose 46 points to 8,073.
 

Brent Falls Towards $102 as Demand Concerns Outweigh Libya UnrestYou are here: Home Commodities
Brent Crude Falls Towards $102 as Demand Concerns Outweigh Libya Unrest
Reuters | Updated On: September 02, 2014 13:21 (IST)
Gold Dips for Sixth Day on Sustained Selling, Global Cues
Singapore:
Brent crude fell towards $102 a barrel on Tuesday on concerns of slowing oil demand growth due to weak economic recoveries in China and Europe, although new unrest in OPEC oil producer Libya kept losses in check.
Euro zone manufacturing growth slowed slightly more than initially thought in August, while growth in China's factory sector slipped to a three-month low last month, adding to concerns about oil demand.
Brent prices have trended higher since mid-August as speculators have come back into the market following a drop of nearly $15 to around $101 a barrel over the previous two months.
"Still, the economic recovery in Europe and especially in China is not strong, and we've seen no supply shortages in Iraq," said Ken Hasegawa, a commodity sales manager at Newedge Japan.
"There is no real direction in the market until heating oil demand kicks in closer to winter. We think the decline in oil prices has stopped and it will not go below $100, but upside is also limited at the moment," Hasegawa said.
Brent crude for October delivery was 26 cents lower at $102.52 a barrel at 0707 GMT. The contract ended the previous session 40 cents lower.
US crude was down 32 cents from Friday's close, at $95.64 a barrel. Trading in the United States was shut on Monday for the Labor Day holiday.
Libya Fighting
Renewed fighting in Libya could dent hopes of higher crude exports from the OPEC member, after the government said it has lost control of most ministries and state institutions located in Tripoli to rival armed groups.
The violence comes as the North African country has raised oil production to 700,000 barrels per day (bpd) from as low as 155,000 bpd in May, although still much below its potential of 1.6 million bpd.
Iraq's oil exports fell in August to an average of 2.375 million bpd from 2.442 million bpd in the previous month, mainly due to bad weather.
Iraqi exports from its southern ports have largely remained unaffected by fighting in the country. But shipments from the northern oilfields of Kirkuk have been shut since March 2 due to attacks on a pipeline to Turkey, keeping total exports below their potential.
Physical demand for crude oil has plummeted in recent months, creating a glut in Asia and the Atlantic basin and causing the futures market to flip into contango - a market where future prices are higher than for immediate delivery.
"With the weakness of the physical market having reached a level where traders ponder (floating) storage plays, the age of super-contango will flash through the heads of key OPEC players," analysts at JBC Energy said in a note.
"We expect core OPEC countries to curtail output in line with their market perceptions, with a Saudi 500,000-bpd cut in just two months in late 2012 giving an indication of what can be done easily," they said.
Output from Britain's Buzzard oilfield has stopped again after returning from maintenance last week, trading sources said on Monday, as the field endures a stuttering return to full output after summer work on the rig.
Buzzard is the biggest contributor to the Forties oil stream, one of the four benchmark crudes underpinning the price of Brent crude oil futures, and is closely-watched by oil traders.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

IndiGo Joins Fare War with All-Time Low Fares from Rs 999Facebook Ready to Spend Billions to Bring Whole World Online: CEO Zuckerberg
It is raining discounts for air travelers in India with more airlines joining the fare war. Budget carrier IndiGo has come up with a promotional scheme with fares starting from an all-inclusive Rs 999. This promotional offer is available on bookings of 90 days or more in advance of the travel date.
This offer from IndiGo comes just a week after the airline had announced a promotional offer a week ago in which prices started from Rs 1,887.
(Also Read: Why airfares in India may surprise you )
Rival SpiceJet, which is one of the most aggressive players in offering promotional fares, on Monday launched yet another limited period special fare scheme - 'Early Bird', offering customers ticket prices as low as Rs. 499 on its domestic network. This offer was applicable for bookings made till September 3, 2014, and travel date between January 16, 2015, and October 24, 2015 (both dates inclusive).
SpiceJet's fares were inclusive of fuel surcharge but all statutory taxes and fees were to be paid by the passenger as applicable on the date of travel.
Another budget carrier Air Asia India has come up a discount offer. The airline is offering all-in fares from Rs 1,290 on different routes. This offer is applicable on bookings till September 7, 2014, and travel period between September 5, 2014 and December 11, 2014. ( Check out AirAsia's offer )
AirAsia India currently operates in the Bangalore to Kochi, Chennai, and Goa sectors. From September 5, AirAsia India will start flights from Bangalore to Jaipur and Bangalore to Chandigarh. This would be the budget carrier's first push into north India.
(With agency inputs)

DDA Housing Scheme 2014: More Forms to be Made AvailableFacebook Ready to Spend Billions to Bring Whole World Online: CEO Zuckerberg
New Delhi: The Delhi Development Authority (DDA) sold nearly 30,000 application forms on Monday, the first day of its biggest residential scheme for sale of 25,034 flats in the capital. The number does not include forms downloaded from the internet.
Application forms were not available at many designated banks yesterday, but the agency plans to sell 25,000 forms through each of the 13 authorised banks from today. (Also read: DDA Housing Scheme 2014: Should You Apply? )
These banks are Kotak Mahindra Bank, Axis Bank, State Bank of India, Punjab National Bank, Syndicate Bank, IndusInd Bank, Union Bank of India, IDBI Bank, ICICI Bank, Yes Bank, HDFC Bank, Corporation Bank and Central Bank of India. (Read: DDA Housing Scheme 2014 Opens: 10 Things to Know )
The DDA, which had initially printed 15 lakh application forms, plans to print 20 lakh forms because of the rush, media reports said.
DDA's website, which had crashed even before the launch of the scheme yesterday, was intermittently accessible today. (Read: DDA Site Crashes on Day 1 of Housing Scheme 2014 )
The last date of application is October 9, 2014. Draw of lots are expected to take place next month.
Story first published on: September 02, 2014 11:37 (IST)

AirAsia s Festive Offer to Fly You AbroadFacebook Ready to Spend Billions to Bring Whole World Online: CEO Zuckerberg
AirAsia started a 'Festive Holiday Sale' on Monday, offering special fares to fly you abroad. Booking for the discounted airfares started on Monday, September 1 and will continue till September 7. The travel period to avail the promotional fares is between September 2, 2014 and January 31, 2015.
While Chennai to Kuala Lumpur tickets are available for an all-inclusive price of Rs 5699, Bangalore to Kuala Lumpur tickets would cost Rs 6699 under the special offer.
Cochin to Kuala Lumpur seats are up for grabs for as low as Rs 2599, while Kolkata to Kuala Lumpur would cost you Rs 6299. ( See rates on all routes )
AirAsia India, a three-way venture between Malaysia-based AirAsia Berhad, Tata Group and Delhi-based investment firm Telestra Tradeplace, had launched its maiden flight on June 12 from Bangalore to Goa.
Story first published on: September 01, 2014 17:34 (IST)

FY15 revenue growth seen at 20%: Jyothy LaboratoriesWe will be happy with a growth of 15 percent in Ujala
K Ullas Kamath
Joint  MD
Jyothy Labs
Ullas Kamath, joint managing director of  Jyothy Laboratories expects the company’s revenue to grow nearly 20 percent in FY15. Speaking to CNBC-TV18 about the road ahead, he said volume growth is seen at 10-12 percent and EBITDA margin is likely to hover in the 13-14 percent range in FY15.
Jyothi Laboratories reported a handsome profit in the first quarter of FY15 as interest costs declined. Shares of the company have been trading up about 18 percent this year.
Below is the verbatim transcript of Ullas Kamath's interview with CNBC-TV18’s Sumaira Abidi and Reema Tendulkar
Reema: Q1 was a good quarter for you, revenue growth of 16 percent though margins declined a tad bit on the back of low interest cost. You all managed to improve your profitability. What is the outlook looking like for FY15, if you can help us with what the revenue growth might be as well as on the margin performance?
A: As far as outlook is concerned for 2014-15, we should be around 20 percent on the topline growth and bottomline, we should be between 13-14 percent EBITDA margin, with 10-12 percent on advertising spend. All the products are looking good and all the segments are looking good. We are hopeful that we should be able to cross 20 percent topline growth and around 14 percent EBITDA margin going forward.
Sumaira: Are there any price increases that you are taking because last quarter, the one gone by, RM inflation hurt you quite a bit, the cost of raw materials. What is your trajectory on that going forward and would you take any further price increases to offset that?
A: Last quarter we did take a price hike in couple of brands. We haven’t got complete result because some of them were in the month of May and some of them were in June, but in the current quarter you will see a price hike effect completely into this quarter – that should get us about 6-7 percent increase in our value because of price hike. Crude and raw material prices are also settling down. I am comfortable with the present pricing, but whatever price hike we have taken last quarter, you will get complete positive effect in the current quarter and that should help me build my profit after tax also.
Reema: Can volume growth inch towards 10 percent mark in the coming quarters?
A: Yes, we expect the volume growth to be around 10-12 percent and valuation around 6-8 percent. Overall 20 percent growth should be between 12 and 8 percent.
Sumaira: One of your segments which have been dragging has been the laundry business. There were expectations that perhaps by the end of FY15 you could breakeven on this front. What is the outlook on that?
A: It’s a great business to be in. We are pioneers in laundry industry and Rs 50 crore is the turnover is what we are doing. We have started reducing our EBITDA losses and last quarter to current quarter we should be less. As of now our run rate of EBITDA loss is about 90 lakh per quarter which is very marginal. By March 2015, I should be completely EBITDA positive and going thereafter it’s a volume game, it’s a scale advantage. Now we are in six cities and all the six cities are doing extremely well and it’s a sunrise industry. I am hopeful of that business going forward. We are the biggest launders in the country today and I am very optimistic about the business. It was dragging in the past on profit, but not any longer.
Jyothy Labs stock price
On August 22, 2014, Jyothy Laboratories closed at Rs 250.70, up Rs 9.05, or 3.75 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 253.25 and the 52-week low was Rs 142.55.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 7.14 per share as per the quarter ended June 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 35.11. The latest book value of the company is Rs 48.64 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 5.15.

Tractor financing slightly hit by monsoon deficit: CholaSep 02, 2014, 01.02 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Tractor financing slightly hit by monsoon deficit: Chola
The larger issue persists to be real cash flow not improving to translate further into sustained sales due to lack of spending ability, says Vellayan Subbiah of Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Company.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Tractor financing slightly hit by monsoon deficit: Chola
The larger issue persists to be real cash flow not improving to translate further into sustained sales due to lack of spending ability, says Vellayan Subbiah of Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Company.
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
Despite a positive sentiment on ground, Vellayan Subbiah, MD, Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Company  sees a minor pick up in heavy commercial vehicles (HCVs) in terms of fleet buyers and almost no pick up in light commercial vehicles (LCVs).
The larger issue persists to be real cash flow not improving to translate further into sustained sales due to lack of spending ability, says Subbiah in an interview with CNBC-TV18’s Anuj Singhal and Ekta Batra.
The tractor-financing segment too has been slightly hit by monsoon deficit.
However, a flat to marginally positive growth could be seen in the sector this year, he adds.
Below is the verbatim transcript of the interview:
Q: You have seen some pick up in sales of commercial vehicles. Do you get a sense that the financial activity is also picking up and if you could give us some data on that?
A: We are seeing very slight pick up in HCVs but if you take the commercial vehicle segment and break it down into HCVs, LCVs and smalls; the LCVs and small commercial vehicles are still not seeing any pick up. From financial perspective, definitely they have been worse off than the past. HCVs especially in terms of fleet buyers are beginning to see some pick up but I would still say that it’s too early to call it a specific trend because we have not seen enough sustained information to support it.
Q: In terms of enquiries, do you get a sense that maybe the next quarter would be better based on the anecdotal evidence that over the last two-three months, we have seen clear pick up in sentiment as well?
A: Yes, definitely sentiment is much more positive, so all the customers we meet the sentiment is much more positive. The bigger issue is that real cash flows has not improved in the hands of specially the smaller commercial vehicle owners which are predominantly the commercial vehicle owners we deal with and so we have not seen any real cash flow improvement in their hands which is what is required to translate into more sustained sales.
Q: Your domestic medium and heavy commercial vehicles (MHCV) segment was down 25 percent in FY14 in terms of total financing. Do you think that it will decline in FY15 or will it be flat or a marginal growth? Just to get a sense in terms of what the ground reality is?
A: If you look at the trend, last year has been bad so given the fact that we have not had two good years in MHCV now, last two years have been bad. You will have some base effect advantage that would say that this year is going to be flat to slightly up. We haven’t seen any trends in the lights and smalls yet but if you take MHCV yes, I would say flat to slightly up compared to last year.
Q: How is financing towards the tractor segment doing because we understand that it is around 10 percent of your disbursements but we did have some data that came out from Escorts which was not that encouraging in terms of tractor sale that they recorded. What is the on ground reality in terms of financing for tractor sales, how much has a deficient monsoon impacted it?
A: Tractor is definitely hit by the monsoons. There are two effects from the monsoons – one, majority of India still continues to be rain fed, so its that effect but also the monsoon significantly affect the sentiment of the farmers and we have seen that larger manufacturers have slowed down a bit and we have seen muted tone as far as tractors are concerned. We are still seeing growth predominantly because we started off with a small market share but overall the industry is not going to see much growth this year.
Cholamandalam stock price
On August 22, 2014, Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Company closed at Rs 425.75, up Rs 8.80, or 2.11 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 459.75 and the 52-week low was Rs 210.40.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 25.50 per share as per the quarter ended June 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 16.7. The latest book value of the company is Rs 159.90 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 2.66.
RELATED NEWS

GMR Infrastructure signs MoU with Japan BankSep 02, 2014, 01.07 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
GMR Infrastructure signs MoU with Japan Bank
GMR Infrastructure signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Japan Bank for International Cooperation (JBIC) for providing financial assistance to Japanese companies investing in Infrastructure projects of GMR Group.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
GMR Infrastructure signs MoU with Japan Bank
GMR Infrastructure signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Japan Bank for International Cooperation (JBIC) for providing financial assistance to Japanese companies investing in Infrastructure projects of GMR Group.
Post your opinion here
 
GMR Infrastructure Ltd has informed BSE regarding a Press Release dated September 02, 2014, titled "GMR Infrastructure Limited signs Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Japan Bank for International Cooperation (JBIC)”.  GMR Infrastructure signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Japan Bank for International Cooperation (JBIC) for providing financial assistance to Japanese companies investing in Infrastructure projects of GMR Group.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

DHP India: Outcome of board meetingSep 02, 2014, 01.04 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
DHP India: Outcome of board meeting
DHP India Ltd has informed BSE that the Remuneration Committee, Audit Committee and the Board of Directors meeting held on today i.e. September 01, 2014 and all of the committee and Board have been approved the appointment of Sri Tarun Kumar Das as Company Secretary Cum Compliance of the Company w. e. f. September 01, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
DHP India: Outcome of board meeting
DHP India Ltd has informed BSE that the Remuneration Committee, Audit Committee and the Board of Directors meeting held on today i.e. September 01, 2014 and all of the committee and Board have been approved the appointment of Sri Tarun Kumar Das as Company Secretary Cum Compliance of the Company w. e. f. September 01, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
DHP India Ltd has informed BSE that the Remuneration Committee, Audit Committee and the Board of Directors meeting held on today i.e. September 01, 2014 and all of the committee and Board have been approved the appointment of Sri Tarun Kumar Das as Company Secretary Cum Compliance of the Company w. e. f. September 01, 2014.Source : BSE

Super Crop Safe recommends dividendSep 02, 2014, 01.04 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Super Crop Safe recommends dividend
Super Crop Safe Ltd has now informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on May 29, 2014, has recommended dividend at 5 percent (50 paise per share), subject to the approval of its members at the forthcoming AGM.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Super Crop Safe recommends dividend
Super Crop Safe Ltd has now informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on May 29, 2014, has recommended dividend at 5 percent (50 paise per share), subject to the approval of its members at the forthcoming AGM.
Post your opinion here
 
Super Crop Safe Ltd has now informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on May 29, 2014, has recommended dividend at 5% (Rs. 0.50 per share), subject to the approval of its members at the forthcoming AGM.Source : BSE

Bharti  Idea spike 4% on hopes of new telecom regulatorSep 02, 2014, 12.55 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Bharti, Idea spike 4% on hopes of new telecom regulator
Shares of top telecom operators Bharti Airtel and Idea Cellular gained more than 4 percent intraday while rivals Reliance Communications and Tata Teleservices gained 3-3.5 percent.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Bharti, Idea spike 4% on hopes of new telecom regulator
Shares of top telecom operators Bharti Airtel and Idea Cellular gained more than 4 percent intraday while rivals Reliance Communications and Tata Teleservices gained 3-3.5 percent.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Investors continued to buy shares of telecom stocks Tuesday on reports that the Narendra Modi-led government is planning a new super regulator for the communications sector. Shares of top telecom operators  Bharti Airtel and  Idea Cellular gained more than 4 percent intraday while rivals  Reliance Communications and  Tata Teleservices gained 3-3.5 percent.
New regulator will be called as Communications Commission, which may replace Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI), sources told CNBC-TV18.
The Telecom Disputes Settlement and Appellate Tribunal (TDSAT) may also get replaced by Communications Appellate Tribunal, sources add.
The Communications Bill seeks to replace all old and redundant legislations which include the Telegraph Act and TRAI Act. As far the constitution of the new body is concerned, the Bill proposes a 6-member regulator with one Chairman, who will have 5-year tenure. The member will include one each from sectors like telecom, broadcasting, finance, management, accountancy and either law or consumer affairs.
Moreover, the bill also seeks to replace TDSAT with a new appellate body called the Communications Appellate Tribunal, which will have 3 members and a Chairman. According to sources, this tribunal will also have the power to oversee dispute resolution.
The Communication Commission will be the over arching regulator. It will retain the functions and the powers TRAI enjoys, but will also meddle with affairs of some of the other regulators such as the Censor Board, some clearances that the Ministry Of Environment gives out, the Competition Commission of India and the Department of Telecommunications.
At 12:29 hours IST, the scrip of Bharti Airtel rose 3.55 percent to Rs 389.30 and Idea Cellular climbed 4.06 percent to Rs 174.20 while Reliance Communications was up 2.08 percent at Rs 120.45 and Tata Teleservices (Maharashtra) advanced 1.15 percent to Rs 11.39 on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
RELATED NEWS

Here are top buzzing stocks to watch on Sep 2Sep 02, 2014, 12.34 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Here are top buzzing stocks to watch on Sep 2
Here are top buzzing stocks to watch on Sep 2 - Grasim, Ultratech, ACC, Cipla, ADF Foods, Elecon Engg, Radico Khaitan, Sona Koyo, Setco Automotive and Justdial.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Here are top buzzing stocks to watch on Sep 2
Here are top buzzing stocks to watch on Sep 2 - Grasim, Ultratech, ACC, Cipla, ADF Foods, Elecon Engg, Radico Khaitan, Sona Koyo, Setco Automotive and Justdial.
Post your opinion here

SPML Infra  HCC see buying interest; up 5-7% on new ordersSep 02, 2014, 12.01 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
SPML Infra, HCC see buying interest; up 5-7% on new orders
Infrastructure development company SPML has won new orders worth Rs 1232.3 crore from Uttar Pradesh Jal Nigam, Agra and Sardar Sarovar Narmada Nigam, Gandhinagar.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
SPML Infra, HCC see buying interest; up 5-7% on new orders
Infrastructure development company SPML has won new orders worth Rs 1232.3 crore from Uttar Pradesh Jal Nigam, Agra and Sardar Sarovar Narmada Nigam, Gandhinagar.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  SPML Infra and  Hindustan Construction Company (HCC) saw buying interest on Tuesday, up 5 percent and 6.5 percent intraday, respectively on getting new orders.
Infrastructure development company SPML has won new orders worth Rs 1232.3 crore from Uttar Pradesh Jal Nigam, Agra and Sardar Sarovar Narmada Nigam, Gandhinagar.
"The two orders received from UP Jal Nigam worth Rs 1,002.17 crore are for augmenting drinking water supply for Agra city with laying of 128 kilometers of water pipeline. The Rs 230.13 crore order from Sardar Sarovar Narmada Nigam is for infrastructure development for hydro generating units at Kutchh, Gujarat," the company elaborated in its filing.
Meanwhile, Mumbai-based HCC has received order worth Rs 811 crore for hydroelectric business, reports CNBC-TV18 quoting agencies.
At 11:46 hours IST, the scrip of SPML Infra rose 4.84 percent to Rs 65 and Hindustan Construction Company climbed 4.79 percent to Rs 40.45 on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

NSUI activists protest outside Rajnath s residence over delay black money probe#nsui #roji m john #bjp #black money #rajnath singh
New Delhi: Scores of National Students' Union of India (NSUI) activists on Tuesday staged a protest outside the residence of Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh in Delhi over the issue of black money stashed away in foreign banks.
Protestors led by NSUI national president Roji M John raised slogans against BJP-led Central Government for "failing to bring back black money stashed in foreign banks".
"Before Lok Sabha polls, various BJP leaders had delivered speeches claiming they would bring back black money from foreign accounts within 100 days of Modi
Protestors led by NSUI national president Roji M John raised slogans against BJP-led Central Government for "failing to bring back black money stashed in foreign banks".
Government. Now that 99 days are over, Modi's government has not brought back even Rs 1 stashed in foreign banks," John said.
"Instead of going to Japan, PM Narendra Modi should have gone to Switzerland so that he would discuss the issue of black money stashed in banks there," he said
NSUI is today organising nationwide protests over the issue in Delhi, Mumbai, Bangalore, Ahmedabad and Kolkata.
"Rajnath Singh had on April 17 this year said in Thane that his party would bring back black money stashed in foreign accounts within 100 days if they come to power. But BJP has completely failed to bring back this money," NSUI national
spokesperson Amrish Ranjan Pandey said.
Police had to erect barricades outside Rajnath's house to prevent protestors from entering inside. As they refused to budge, police detained some NSUI
leaders, including John, and took them to Parliament Street police station.

Like  Made in Japan   want to turn  Made in India  into a brand: Modi to investors#narendra modi #modi japan visit #japan #japanese investors #tracking the modi government
New Delhi: In a bid to woo Japanese investors, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday assured them there was no red tapism but only red carpet in India. Giving a key note address at Japan-India Association event hosted by Jetro and Nikkei, Modi said, "Like 'Made in Japan', we aim to turn 'Made in India' into a brand."
Modi also assured that the Indian government has eased a lot of regulations for trade. "I have come to assure you that there is no Red Tape but Red Carpet in India. We have eased off lot of regulations," he said.
ALSO SEE Live: No red tapism only red carpet in India, PM Modi assures Japanese investors
In a fully-packed hall, Modi told investors that there was no better place for Japanese investors than India. "India is the only place which has democracy, demography and brain at one place. I have come here to assure you that if you have to look anywhere outside Japan, you do not need to look here or there."
Praising the quality of Japanese products, Modi recalled, "When I was young, if it was said 'Made in Japan' we did not have to think twice. We would buy the product."
Highlighting his government's effort to promote small scale industries, Modi said, "We want to encourage and invite SMEs, small scale industries. India has a government that is working on development and aims to increase manufacturing."
As Japan agreed to invest 3.5 trillion yen in a 5-year period in India under India-Japan Investment Promotion Partnership, Modi said, "Like India has a 'Look East' Policy it seems Japan has 'Look at India' policy."
Recalling his experience during his visit to Japan as the Gujarat chief minister, Modi said, "I tried to replicate Japan's model of governance in Gujarat when I was the chief minister."

Speaker specs simplified: The 7 things you should check before you buy a speaker#speaker #speaker specs #speaker buying guide
Indisputably, the best way to test a speaker before you buy one is to listen to the sound it produces. But then this is not always possible, particularly in this age of online shopping and even if you plan to buy one from a brick and mortar retailer - many don't have demo units and can refuse to unpack a sealed package until the purchase is completed.
It is where the speaker specifications come to the rescue. But then not everyone can comprehend what those numbers and symbols stand for. Here's a ready reckoner, that we believe could help you in choosing the right speaker.
ALSO SEE Buying speakers? Compare them here
1. Sensitivity: Measured in dB (decibels), it is one of the most significant albeit ignored, speaker specifications. A speaker's sensitivity indicates the loudness of a speaker - in either a non-echoing environment or a room environment. Some manufacturers specify the sensitivity measured in an average room environment, while others take into consideration a non-reverberant environment while measuring it. (Sensitivity measured in room environment will have results inflated by 2 to 3 dB over a non-echoing environment.)
Not everyone can comprehend what the numbers and symbols in the speaker specs list stand for. Here's a ready reckoner, that we believe could help you in choosing the right speaker. ( Speakers , via Shutterstock)
The higher the sensitivity rating, the louder your speaker is. An average speaker comes with a sensitivity of around 87 dB to 88 dB. A speaker with a sensitivity rating over 90 dB is considered excellent.
Wondering how much 87 dB or 88 dB is? Here are a few common sounds (with their decibel ratings) that will help you understand how loud 87 dB is:
If silence is 0 dB, then
A Whisper: 15-25 dB
Home/office background noise: 40-60 dB
Normal speaking voice: 65-70 dB
Lawnmower: 90 dB
Car horn: 110 dB
2. Impedance: Impedance = Resistance. Measured in ohms, this is another critical specification that you should take a note of.
To understand what impedance means, think of a speaker as a hose and water that flows through it as electric current (audio signals). [It is the current (that flows) that is converted into the sound produced by a speaker.]
If a hose has a narrow opening (high resistance), less water will flow through it, and if the hose has a bigger opening (low resistance), more water will flow through it.
Similarly, if a speaker has low resistance (impedance), more current (flowing from your amplifier) will pass through the speaker and vice-versa. Therefore, the lower the impedance, the more current flows through the speaker.
Remember: Low impedance = Large flow. High impedance = Small flow.
Now, the question is should you buy a speaker with high impedance or low impedance?
Your speaker should neither have high impedance nor low. If it has low impedance (less resistance/large flow), it will put load on your amplifier by asking it to push more current - which your amplifier may not be capable of. In its unnecessary attempts to drive more current, the amplifier may overheat and shut down or get damaged.
So does it mean higher impedance is better? No. Because a speaker needs a fair amount of current to play loudly. And high impedance = low flow of power = low volume.
Therefore, your speaker should have neither low nor high Impedance. It should have an optimum impedance.
A speaker with 6-8 ohms impedance rating is considered optimum. Speakers with an impedance rating in this bracket play safely to enjoyable levels.
3. Frequency Response: It is sometimes mentioned as frequency range and is measured in Hertz (Hz). This specification in a speaker tells how low and high a speaker can play. It is mentioned as "XHz-XkHz" - where X is a number.
Let's take a hypothetical figure: 65Hz-20kHz. The number at the lower end i.e.,"65Hz" here represents the bass output which means how low a speaker can play. The lower the number, the deeper the bass. And 20kHz (20,000 Hz) represents the highest treble.
It is said that the human ear can hear between 20Hz and 20kHz. But, practically, bass frequencies below 30Hz are less heard and more felt.
Therefore, any speaker that reaches 50 Hz or lower is considered good and is not required to be teamed with a subwoofer until you really want to hear the deepest bass.
Make sure that there is always a "+/-" after the frequency response rating. If the "+/-" deviation is absent, then this spec doesn't reveal the true picture.
Speakers usually come with a +/- 3 dB or +/- 4 dB rating after the frequency range. For example, A speaker has a frequency response of "40Hz-20kHz +/-3 dB". The "+/- 3 dB" indicates that every tone that the speaker produces will be within 3 dB of any other sound in the entire frequency range. Which means that your ears won't miss even the little sounds.
4. Power Handling: Specified in Watts (W), the power handling specification of a speaker indicates how much power a speaker can bear without causing any damage. Your speaker may get damaged if it gets the amount of power more than what is mentioned.
Speakers usually come with two power ratings - RMS or continuous, and Peak.
The RMS rating defines the continuous power a speaker can handle without getting destroyed, whereas the Peak power rating implies the maximum amount of power a speaker can bear in an instant. This peak rating, however, is of no use in practical application.
You must understand one thing that speaker ratings, sometimes, are misleading. Chances are that you may believe that a speaker advertised as 10 watts will play louder than the one with 7 watts of power rating. But here you don't know whether these ratings are in RMS or peak watts. So, make sure that your speaker has power ratings mentioned in RMS to make a true comparison.
5. Signal-to-Noise Ratio (SNR): The sound that a speaker produces includes some level of noise.
In other words, audio signals are sent to a speaker which are then converted into the sound (via internal driver movements) that we hear. But the sound that we hear are not purely audio signals that a speaker gets, in fact, it also includes some level of noise. This noise is added by internal components of the speaker/device.
Therefore, this spec describes how much noise is there in the output (sound that we hear) of a device in relation to the signal level. It is also expressed in decibels (dB).
So if a speaker has 120dB of Signal-to-Noise Ratio, it means that that the level of the audio signal is 120dB higher than the level of the noise. The higher the number, the better it is.
6. Speaker size: This is more of a hint that a true indicator. It is believed that bigger and heavier speakers sound better than small and lightweight ones.
7. Speaker cabinet: A good speaker in a bad cabinet may spoil the experience. Therefore, the quality of the cabinet also matters when buying a speaker. Ensure that your speaker is made of dense material, such as wood, as the light material vibrates the sound produced by the speaker. Though, it barely has any affect on the highs, but it does affect the bass.
This does not mean that your speakers should have a wooden cabinet. They, instead, should have a cabinet made of dense material.
Well, the specs of a speaker can give you more than an idea about its performance, but how well it performs in real world depends on the quality of its drivers, cabinets and other significant components.
So, my advice would be shortlist a few speakers based on the aforementioned specs and see if you can get to listen to its sound. If yes, good, else opt for the second best option - follow where the specs lead you to. Happy listening.

Adele as Mona Lisa  Penelope as mermaid: Odd magazine coversCrime
Quirky magazine covers
One innovative artist has created quirky artwork which re-imagines classical paintings with the faces of famous modern day cover stars such as Angeline Jolie.
Multimedia producer Eisen Bernard Bernardo, 28, from Los Baños, Philippines, has created the clever works for his series called Mag + Art, where he takes photos of celebrities from magazine covers and carefully places them over images of people in famous classical paintings. In his work singer Adele fits perfectly as Da Vinci’s Mona Lisa and One Direction’s Liam Payne is Napoleon in Jacques – Louis David’s portrait of him. Angelina Jolie on the cover of Esquire magazine is re-imagined as the famous face of Venus in Botticelli’s classic painting the Birth of Venus and Vermeer’s Girl with a Pearl Earring has Keira Knightley’s face, on the cover of Interview magazine. (Caters)
Angelina and Venus. (Caters News)
1 / 20
Caters News | Photo by Caters News
Sat 30 Aug, 2014 12:30 AM IST

Sensex Hits 27 000 For First Time  Nifty Above 8 050Sensex Hits 27 000 For First Time  Nifty Above 8 050
Pakistan PM chairs joint parliament session as crisis deepensPakistan PM chairs joint parliament session as crisis deepens
FreeCharge Secures Series B FundingFreeCharge Secures Series B Funding
Maruti Suzuki India gains ahead of opening of Ciaz s bookingsMaruti Suzuki India gains ahead of opening of Ciaz s bookings
Cipla shares rally on anti-asthma inhaler launch in GermanyCipla shares rally on anti-asthma inhaler launch in Germany
Cameron proposed sweeping anti-terror laws to confront ISISCameron proposed sweeping anti-terror laws to confront ISIS
From Flute to Drums: Modi Plays All the Right Notes in Japan [PHOTOS]From Flute to Drums: Modi Plays All the Right Notes in Japan [PHOTOS]
Are you convinced midcap stocks will continue to outperform NiftyPlatinum Member
207 Followers
It is natural that Midcap outperform the Nifty in the long run.  The logic is simple.  The midcaps will grow at a faster rate than the big giant companies. The gaint companies due to their flab in the company, in processes decision making will get delayed.  When the economy is growing, the opportunities for midcap is phenominally high. Another important thing is, NIFTY stocks are observed by most of the analyst and decipher their activites so closely, and hence the chances of making a killing in the big companies is limited. In Mid caps most of them are not moniotored and some good companies are available at very reasonable prices. If you spot a good Midcap, you may hit the jockpot.
In reply to : MMB Messenger message
1.54 PM Sep 2nd

Need to dissect ibm website and check whether returns are made public ...Gold Member
20 Followers
Two of my queries to management has been answered 1: AGM as expected moved to last quarter 2: IR dialogue every 3 months.
3: Drilling slippage 4: On last hearing regarding spare copies, they still have 2 days to come back on my queries.
Pasting from my email sent to management on 25th august this is one part of many questions
SOM
Is it possible in Indian scenario that the management have a quarterly invesment dialogue where investors can dial in to the company have conference call after each quarterly results.
EOM
In reply to : rain maker message
2.29 PM Sep 1st

Its a gem  keep holding  finolex  sterlite and all my recommendations ...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

I sold at 749.5 thanks dearCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Sorry wrongly posted holding arvind 320ce at 5.10.Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

United States DollarStoryboard: BuzzFeed's India strategy
Sep 06, 2014 at 15:40 | Source: CNBC-TV18
BuzzFeed, the social media and entertainment company known for it's branded and viral content soft launched in India last month, making India the sixth country they operate outside the United States.
To complete Unit 1 of new order in 43 months: L&T
Sep 05, 2014 at 11:00 | Source: CNBC-TV18
L&T secured a turnkey order for setting up a 2X660 MW supercritical thermal power project at Shree Singaji TPP on a complete engineering-procurement-construction basis from the state utility MP Power Generating Company.
Infosys climbs 2% post BP deal; JP Morgan bets on Sikka era
Sep 05, 2014 at 10:27 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
JP Morgan maintains overweight rating on Infosys with a December 2015 price target of Rs 3900, stating that the recent management change has potentially delayed revenue growth recovery but has also brought much-needed visibility.
Stocks in news: DLF, Cipla, Idea, Axis, ITC, Marico Kaya
Sep 04, 2014 at 08:20 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Maruti Suzuki | Coal India | Cipla | DLF | Idea Cellular | SBI | PNB | Axis Bank | Canara Bank | ICICI Bank | IDBI Bank | Indian Bank | ITC | Larsen and Toubro | Eid Parry | Marico Kaya | TCS | JK Lakshmi | IndusInd Bank | HDIL | PVR | Jammu and Kashmir Bank are stocks, which are in the news today.
Swiss economy most competitive yet again; EU, Japan improve
Sep 03, 2014 at 08:51 | Source: Reuters
Switzerland's slick efficiency, innovation and macroeconomic stability kept it on top for a sixth year in a row, although it was marked down for the difficulty of finding qualified workers.
Learnings from Bihar by-polls: No easy walk for Amit Shah
Sep 02, 2014 at 12:19 | Source: Firstpost.com
The BJPs losses  in Bihar, Karnataka and Madhya Pradesh  can thus be read as the end of wave-like conditions that prevailed in May 2014. It is also about people wanting to ensure that there is a strong opposition to the BJP in states.
The missing link in Asia's economic recovery
Sep 02, 2014 at 08:42 | Source: CNBC
"There has been a striking breakdown in the relationship between Asia`s exports and demand indicators in the US/European Union," said Taimur Baig, economist at Deustche Bank.
KFA case: Decoding implications of 'wilful defaulter' tag
Sep 01, 2014 at 16:18 | Source: CNBC-TV18
United Bank has declared Kingfisher Airlines and its promoter Vijay Mallya as wilful defaulter. The bank is in the process of sending formal notices to the company and will inform RBI as well.
National interest top agenda if hydro power cos merged:NHPC
Sep 01, 2014 at 14:42 | Source: CNBC-TV18
The power ministry may call for a meeting to discuss the possibility of merging all state-owned hydro electric units to create one single merged entity. ABL Srivastava, Director-Finance, NHPC shares his views on the same.
United Bank declares Vijay Mallya as wilful defaulter
Sep 01, 2014 at 14:20 | Source: PTI
The Kolkata-based bank is the first PSU lender to initiate the process of declaring Vijay Mallya and three other directors of the grounded Kingfisher Airlines as wilful defaulters a couple of months ago
Storyboard: BuzzFeed's India strategy
Sep 06, 2014 at 15:40 | Source: CNBC-TV18
BuzzFeed, the social media and entertainment company known for it's branded and viral content soft launched in India last month, making India the sixth country they operate outside the United States.
To complete Unit 1 of new order in 43 months: L&T
Sep 05, 2014 at 11:00 | Source: CNBC-TV18
L&T secured a turnkey order for setting up a 2X660 MW supercritical thermal power project at Shree Singaji TPP on a complete engineering-procurement-construction basis from the state utility MP Power Generating Company.
Infosys climbs 2% post BP deal; JP Morgan bets on Sikka era
Sep 05, 2014 at 10:27 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
JP Morgan maintains overweight rating on Infosys with a December 2015 price target of Rs 3900, stating that the recent management change has potentially delayed revenue growth recovery but has also brought much-needed visibility.
Stocks in news: DLF, Cipla, Idea, Axis, ITC, Marico Kaya
Sep 04, 2014 at 08:20 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Maruti Suzuki | Coal India | Cipla | DLF | Idea Cellular | SBI | PNB | Axis Bank | Canara Bank | ICICI Bank | IDBI Bank | Indian Bank | ITC | Larsen and Toubro | Eid Parry | Marico Kaya | TCS | JK Lakshmi | IndusInd Bank | HDIL | PVR | Jammu and Kashmir Bank are stocks, which are in the news today.
Swiss economy most competitive yet again; EU, Japan improve
Sep 03, 2014 at 08:51 | Source: Reuters
Switzerland's slick efficiency, innovation and macroeconomic stability kept it on top for a sixth year in a row, although it was marked down for the difficulty of finding qualified workers.
Learnings from Bihar by-polls: No easy walk for Amit Shah
Sep 02, 2014 at 12:19 | Source: Firstpost.com
The BJPs losses  in Bihar, Karnataka and Madhya Pradesh  can thus be read as the end of wave-like conditions that prevailed in May 2014. It is also about people wanting to ensure that there is a strong opposition to the BJP in states.
The missing link in Asia's economic recovery
Sep 02, 2014 at 08:42 | Source: CNBC
"There has been a striking breakdown in the relationship between Asia`s exports and demand indicators in the US/European Union," said Taimur Baig, economist at Deustche Bank.
KFA case: Decoding implications of 'wilful defaulter' tag
Sep 01, 2014 at 16:18 | Source: CNBC-TV18
United Bank has declared Kingfisher Airlines and its promoter Vijay Mallya as wilful defaulter. The bank is in the process of sending formal notices to the company and will inform RBI as well.
United Bank declares Vijay Mallya as wilful defaulter
Sep 01, 2014 at 14:20 | Source: PTI
The Kolkata-based bank is the first PSU lender to initiate the process of declaring Vijay Mallya and three other directors of the grounded Kingfisher Airlines as wilful defaulters a couple of months ago
National interest top agenda if hydro power cos merged:NHPC
Sep 01, 2014 at 14:42 | Source: CNBC-TV18
The power ministry may call for a meeting to discuss the possibility of merging all state-owned hydro electric units to create one single merged entity. ABL Srivastava, Director-Finance, NHPC shares his views on the same.
Videos »

Pakistan parliament holds emergency session to discuss political crisisPakistan parliament holds emergency session to discuss political crisis
PTI
Tweet
Islamabad, Sept 2:  
Pakistan’s Parliament is holding a joint emergency session here today to support embattled Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif and discuss the deepening political crisis that has triggered violence and brought the powerful army at the centre stage.
The joint session of the Senate and the National Assembly will adopt a resolution to support Prime Minister Sharif and urge him not to resign or go on leave as demanded by protest leaders, political sources told PTI.
Pakistan Tehreek-i-Insaf Chairman Imran Khan wants Sharif’s ouster over alleged rigging in last year’s poll which his party lost, while Pakistan Awami Tehreek chief Tahir-ul Qadri wants to bring a revolution in the country. Both the leaders have been agitating since August 14.
The joint sittings are convened only on important occasion or to deal with emergencies.
The idea of the joint sitting was floated by Opposition parties and Sharif endorsed it. The session could continue for several days depending on the will of the parliamentarians.
The weekend saw the anti-government protests morph the high-security Red Zone from a concert ground to a bloody battlefield, with three people killed and over 550 injured.
Most of the opposition parties have supported Prime Minister Sharif in his standoff with Khan and Qadri and stood with the elected the Prime Minister at this critical juncture, showing strength of parliamentary democracy.
The unity might save the career of Sharif who was under immense pressure during the last couple of days to resign or go on leave.
The pressure specially mounted yesterday when protesters occupied the state-run television and the army was called to evict them.
It was a time when protest leaders made announcements that their followers will get “good news” very soon. Khan went ahead to declare that 2 to 8 hours were crucial.
It also encouraged the protesters who fought relentlessly with police and pushed them back at several places.
By the night some of the rioters reached closer to PM House but they were held back at the last main gate of the lawn of the building.
(This article was published on September 2, 2014)

Haryana varsity develops two new crop varietiesHaryana varsity develops two new crop varieties
PTI
Tweet
Chandigarh, Sept 2:  
Chaudhary Charan Singh Haryana Agricultural University (CCSHAU), Hisar, today said it has developed two new high yielding and disease resistant varieties of wheat and barley for cultivation in different states of the country.
CCSHAU Vice—Chancellor K S Khokhar said here today the Central Varietal Identification Committee headed by S K Datta, Deputy Director General (Crop Sciences), Indian Council of Agriculture Research (ICAR), in the All India Wheat and Barley Research Workers Meet held at Jawahar Lal Nehru Krishi Vishva Vidiayalya, Jabalpur, recenty, had identified varsity’s wheat variety WH 1142 for release in North Western Plain Zone for timely sown restricted irrigation conditions.
The zone comprises the states of Haryana, Delhi, Punjab, Rajasthan, UP, Jammu region of J&K and foothills of Himachal Pradesh and Uttrakhand.
Similarly, a barley variety BH 959 had been identified by the committee for timely sown irrigated conditions in the Central Zone comprising MP, Chhattisgarh, Gujarat, Kota and Udaipur divisions of Rajasthan, he added.
(This article was published on September 2, 2014)

Hyderabad ranks fourth globally for sending students to USHyderabad ranks fourth globally for sending students to US
PTI
Tweet
Houston, Sept 2:  
Hyderabad is ranked number four globally and topped among all Indian cities for sending students for higher education to the US.
According to a recent study by the Brookings Institution, an American think tank, since 2008-2012, Hyderabad sent more students to the US than New Delhi and Mumbai combined.
Brookings’ list of the top cities around the world for sending students to US colleges and universities ranks Hyderabad number one in India and number four in the world.
Ninety-four (94) foreign cities together accounted for more than half of all students on an F-1 visa between 2008 and 2012.
Seoul, Beijing, Shanghai, Hyderabad and Riyadh are the five foreign cities that sent the most higher education students to the US during that time.
Hyderabad sent 26,220 students to the US. Next was Mumbai, with 17,294, followed by Chennai with 9,141, Bangalore with 8,835, and Delhi with 8,728.
Hyderabad’s home state, at the time, Andhra Pradesh held some other surprises. Three other cities from the region that made it to the Brookings list are Secunderabad, Vijayawada and Visakhapatnam.
However, the report also said some of the educational institutions that accepted Hyderabad’s students were little-known and often from unaccredited schools, some of which have since been shut down by US authorities for allegedly engaging in visa fraud.
While students from Mumbai, Delhi and Bangalore tended to go to well-known universities, including Carnegie Mellon University and the University of Southern California, the students of Hyderabad were more likely to end up at smaller schools.
“Some of these schools have been closed down because they were abusing the (student) visa system and the Curricular Practical Training programme to bring students to work for employers, rather than primarily to study for a degree programme,” the report said.
(This article was published on September 2, 2014)

DNA of non-violence ingrained in our society: PMDNA of non-violence ingrained in our society: PM
PTI
Tweet
Tokyo, Sept 2:  
Prime Minister Narendra Modi today sought to address the concerns of international community over India not signing the nuclear non-proliferation treaty (NPT) by saying that the country’s commitment to peace and non-violence is ingrained in the “DNA of Indian society” which is above any international treaty or processes.
“India is a land of Lord Buddha. Buddha lived for peace and suffered for peace and that message is prevalent in India,” Modi said at Sacred Heart University here while replying to a question by a student.
During an interaction, he was asked how India would enhance the trust of the international community without changing its stand on nuclear NPT, which it has refused to sign despite possessing nuclear weapons.
Modi used the land of Japan, which is the only country to have been the victim of an atom bomb attack, to send out the message on this issue amid moves to have a civil nuclear deal with Tokyo. India refuses to sign the NPT because it considers it as flawed.
Asserting that India’s “commitment to non-violence is total”, Modi said it is ingrained in the “DNA of Indian society and this is above any international treaty”, apparently referring to India’s refusal to sign the NPT.
“In international affairs, there are some processes. But above them is the commitment of the society,” he said, underlining the need for rising “above the treaties’’.
To buttress his point, the Prime Minister cited how India undertook the freedom struggle under the leadership of Mahatma Gandhi with the entire society being committed to non-violence, surprising the whole world.
He went on to add that India, for thousands of years, has had the belief in ‘vasudhaiva kutumbakam’ (the whole world is one family). “When we consider the whole world as one family, how can we even think about doing anything that would harm or hurt anyone?”
(This article was published on September 2, 2014)

No red tape  only red carpet in India  PM tells Japanese investorsOnly red carpet, no red tape in India, says Prime Minister
PTI
"There is no Red Tape but Red Carpet in India. We have eased off lot of regulations,'' says Prime Minister, Narendra Modi. Photo: Reuters
Tokyo, Sept 2:  
Making a strong pitch for bringing Japanese investments into India, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today said there is no “red tape”, only “red carpet” for investors as the government has eased a lot of regulations.
Asserting that his government is working on development and increasing manufacturing activities, Modi said there cannot be a better place to make investments than India.
“I have come to assure you that there is no Red Tape but Red Carpet in India. We have eased off lot of regulations,” Modi said.
'Democracy, demography and demand'
Calling for a new history between the two countries on the economic front, the Prime Minister said India is the only place where one can find “democracy, demography and demand’’.
Modi, who was addressing Japanese investors at a seminar organised by the Japan External Trade Organisation (Jetro) and Nikkei here, also said that India guarantees democracy, safety, security and justice.
‘God gifted location’
He told Japanese investors that India is a “god gifted location” for reaching out to global markets.
Referring to his government’s 100 days in power, Modi said it has achieved what could not be achieved in the last two-and-a-half years.
GDP growth
The country’s GDP grew 5.7 per cent in the April-June quarter, the highest in more than two years.
Modi said his government is ready to offer whatever is required to promote foreign investment into India.
“Without Japan, India is incomplete and without India, Japan is incomplete”, he said.
According to him, the coming together of Japan’s hardware skills and India’s software expertise can create miracle.
(This article was published on September 2, 2014)

Maintain  hold  on Tech Mahindra Limited shares  target price Rs 1 030: JefferiesGold prices dipped below 28k level to close at Rs 27,750
Gold prices dipped below 28k level to close at Rs 27,750 per 10 grams at the bullion market...

Sensex hits 27000; Broader markets outperformSI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 02, 2014
Last Updated at 02:10 PM IST
Nifty hits 8,100 while Sensex holds 27,000
HDFC twins, Cipla and Sun Pharma were the top gainers
Markets extended gains in noon trades with the Nifty touching the 8,100 levels in noon deals while Sensex held on above 27,000 levels.
_________________________
(Update at 1410 hrs)
Markets are trading firm in the noon trades on sustained buying in financials, auto and pharma shares. Strength in the Asian markets have further boosted the sentiments of the investors.
 
At 1: 22PM, the 30-share Sensex is up 152 points at 27,020 and the 50-share Nifty is at 8,082 up 55 points.
 
Top Sensex gainers include, HDFC Bank, HDFC,  Cipla and Sun Pharma among others. 
 
The broader markets are outperforming the benchmark indices- BSE Midcap and Small indices have gained by over 1% each.
Punj Lloyd is locked in 5% upper circuit at Rs 39.65 on National Stock Exchange on reports that the company is planning to sell its stake in Gurgaon-based multi specialty hospital Medanta Medicity Hospitals to cut its debt.
__________________________________________________________________________________________________-
(updated at 12.25 PM)
Markets firmed up in noon trades with the Sensex hitting nearly 27,000 led by pharma and financial shares.
At 12:25PM, the 30-share Sensex was up 26,983 up 115 points and the 50-share Nifty was at 8,069 up 41 points.
Top Sensex gainers include, HDFC Bank, HDFC,  Cipla and Sun Pharma among others.
_________________________________
(Updated at 11:30AM)
Markets are maintaining the upward march with financial and heathcare stocks contributing the most to the gains on the Sensex. The sentiment of the market participants boosted on sustained capital infusion supported with firm GDP growth data quoting at 5.7% for the April-June quarter and sharp decline in the CAD which dropped to 1.7% of GDP.
 
By 11.30, the Sensex is higher by 95 points at 26,963 mark and the Nifty has gained by 34 points to trade at 8,062 levels.
 
The market cheered after Tokyo announced doubling of its investments in India and committed itself to putting Rs 2,10,000 crore, in the country's public and private sector projects over the next five years.
 
Overseas investors bought shares worth 5.54 billion rupees on Monday, provisional exchange data showed.
 
Rupee:
 
The rupee is trading at 60.66/67 versus Monday's close of 60.5250/5350, tracking weaker emerging Asian currencies after US Labour Day holiday on Monday.
 
Current account deficit for this financial year’s first quarter, April to June,  narrowed sharply to 1.7% of gross domestic product ($7.8 billion) from 4.8% of GDP ($21.8 bn) in the corresponding period of 2013-14. However, it was up sequentially.
 
Asian Markets:
 
Asian shares slipped on Tuesday as a U.S. holiday robbed markets of momentum, while the euro hit a fresh one-year low on uncertainty over the European Central Bank's policy decision later this week. Hang Seng is down 0.3%.
 
Tokyo's Nikkei bucked the trend and rose 1.5%, with a planned cabinet reshuffle by Prime Minister Shinzo Abe helping fuel reform hopes.
 
Sectors & Stocks:
 
On the sectoral front, BSE Healthcare index is leading the rally up 1.7% followed by Consumer durables, Realty and Teck indices. However, IT, Capital Goods and Metal indices are losing sheen on the BSE down between 0.1-0.7%.
 
In the Pharma space, Cipla is the leading the rally up nearly 7% after the pharmaceutical firm launched an anti-asthma inhaler in Germany and Sweden that is a generic version of GlaxoSmithKline Plc's Advair. Following the tandem, drug maker Sun Pharma has gained 2.6%. However, Dr Reddy’s Lab is trading marginally in green.
 
Stocks of auto companies continued their rising streak on the back of strong  domestic car sales numbers  for the month of August. Hero Motocorp, Bajaj Auto, Maruti Suzuki and M&M have gained between 0.1-2.5%. However, Tata Motors is down 1.4% after it reported 17.59% decline in total sales at 40,883 units in August, 2014 as against 49,611 units in the same month last year.
 
Bharti Airtel has moved higher by 3% on the BSE extending its previous day’s gain after the company said it's arm signed an agreement to acquire over 2.7 million subscribers of yuMobile. 
 
In the financial segment, HDFC twins, Axis Bank, ICICI Bank and SBI are trading higher between 0.3-1.4%.
 
ITC, BHEL and TCS are some of the notable names in green among others.
 
On the flip side, metal stocks are losing sheen in the late morning trades with Sesa Sterlite, Hindalco, Tata Steel and Coal India trading down between 0.4-1.3% shrugging off the government's request to the apex court not to cancel the permits for 46 coal blocks.
 
On similar lines, power stocks are trading down. Tata Power and NTPC have lost 0.3%.
 
Fresh selling is evident in the technology pack. IT majors Infosys and Wipro have declined 0.7% each.
 
HUL, ONGC and L&T are some of the prominent names in red among others.
 
Among other shares, TVS Motor Company is trading higher by 3% at Rs 200 on National Stock Exchange after reporting a robust 46% year-on-year (yoy) growth in total sales in the month of August 2014 to 227,482 units. The company had sold 155,532 units in the same month last year.
 
The broader markets are outperforming the benchmark indices- BSE Midcap and Small indices have gained by 0.8% and 1% each.
 
The market breadth on the BSE is firm with 1,610 shares advancing and 868 shares declining.
 Advertisements

Modi hardsells Q1 GDP growth to Japanese investorsPress Trust of India |  Tokyo Sep 02, 2014
Last Updated at 12:50 PM IST
Modi hardsells Q1 GDP growth to Japanese investors
Says govt has eased lot of regulations, will do more to promote foreign investment
Making a strong pitch for bringing Japanese investments into India, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today said there is no 'red tape' but only 'red carpet' for investors as the government has eased a lot of regulations.
Asserting that his government is working on development and increasing manufacturing activities, Modi said there cannot be a better place to make investments than India.
Calling for a new history between the two countries on the economic front, the Prime Minister said India is the only place where one can find 'democracy, demography and demand'.
Modi, who was addressing Japanese investors at a seminar organised by the Japan External Trade Organisation (Jetro) and Nikkei here, also said that India guarantees democracy, safety, security and justice.
He told Japanese investors that India is a 'god gifted location' for reaching out to global markets.
Referring to his government's 100 days in power, Modi said it has achieved what could not be achieved in the last two-and-a-half years.
The country's GDP grew 5.7% in the April-June quarter, the highest in more than two years.
Modi said his government is ready to offer whatever is required to promote foreign investment into India.
"Without Japan, India is incomplete and without India, Japan is incomplete", he said.
According to him, the coming together of Japan's hardware skills and India's software expertise can create miracle.
 Advertisements

Narendra Modi flags off new TCS training initiative in JapanBS Reporter |  Pune Sep 02, 2014
Last Updated at 12:40 PM IST
Narendra Modi flags off new TCS training initiative in Japan
TCS Japan will house 4,000 employees in Japan and have a dedicated centre in Pune
India's largest IT service provider Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) today announced that it has initiated a new learning program for its trainee graduates in Japan.
The TCS Japan Technology and Culture Academy was inaugurated by PM Narendra Modi.
The academy aims to enhance technology, cultural knowledge and understanding between Indian and Japanese IT professionals.
The Prime Minister flagged off the first batch of 48 TCS Japan trainees who will proceed to India to undergo training for 6-8 weeks at various TCS locations. Apart from increasing their exposure to new technologies, the TCS Japan graduate trainees will learn about quality and other processes as well as business skills. This will be followed by on-the-job training on projects for six months.
In April this year, TCS and Mitsubishi Corp announced that they were merging their IT operations in Japan to create a new global scale player in the Japanese IT industry. TCS has 51% stake in the new venture called Tata Consultancy Services Japan.
Speaking to the first batch of 48 trainees, key TCS clients, partners and employees, the Prime Minister said: "The 21st century is the century of knowledge and technology and all of you will gain knowledge from travelling in India. You are going as employees of TCS but I want you to come back to Japan as ambassadors of India."
"Japan and India have the potential to create a strong economic and business partnership. TCS is proud to play a role to strengthen the relationship between these two great nations by investing in Japan and bringing the best global IT practices to Japanese companies as they look to grow globally," said N Chandrasekaran, CEO and MD of TCS.
Tata Consultancy Services Japan will initially house more than 4,000 employees in Japan and have a dedicated centre located in Pune, India.
 

Swedish PM in final push for third termSeptember 2, 2014 8:24 am
Reinfeldt aims for unprecedented third term as Swedish PM
By Richard Milne in Vårgårda
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/db5e8756-31cb-11e4-b377-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Uproar forces Myanmar contract U-turn© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/34eb13c4-3268-11e4-a5a2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Quindell and RAC unravel car ventureLast updated: September 2, 2014 11:09 am
Quindell and RAC unravel car ‘black box’ venture
By Andy Sharman and Henry Mance
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6ccbc4fe-3269-11e4-93c6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sensex crosses 27K level  Nifty hits new highMarket update: BSE Sensex closes above 27,000 for first time, Nifty hits new high
Abhishek Vishnoi     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 2, 2014  | 17:41 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex on Tuesday surged past the psychologically key level of 27,000 to a third consecutive record high, as blue-chips such as HDFC Bank gained after recent data raised hopes about the economy.
The 30-share BSE barometer rose as much as 0.8 per cent to a record high of 27,082.85 before provisionally ending 0.57 per cent higher.
The milestone comes a day after the broader National Stock Exchange (NSE) Nifty surpassed the 8,000 level for the first time. The 50-share Nifty also hit a record high on Tuesday, rising as much as 0.92 per cent to 8,101.95. It provisionally ended up 0.69 per cent.
HDFC Bank rose 2.2 per cent, while ITC gained 1.4 per cent .
(Reuters)

BSE Sensex  NSE Nifty hit all-time records; Cipla Ltd  Bharti Airtel shares soarGold prices dipped below 28k level to close at Rs 27,750
Gold prices dipped below 28k level to close at Rs 27,750 per 10 grams at the bullion market...

Hyderabad ranks fourth globally for sending students toUSPrint
PTI | Houston |     September 2, 2014 1:22 pm
Hyderabad is ranked number four globally and topped among all Indian cities for sending students for higher education to the US. According to a recent study by the Brookings Institution, an American think tank, since 2008-2012, Hyderabad sent more students to the US than New Delhi and Mumbai combined.
Brookings’ list of the top cities around the world for sending students to US colleges and universities ranks Hyderabad number one in India and number four in the world. Ninety-four (94) foreign cities together accounted for more than half of all students on an F-1 visa between 2008 and 2012.
Seoul, Beijing, Shanghai, Hyderabad and Riyadh are the five foreign cities that sent the most higher education students to the US during that time. Hyderabad sent 26,220 students to the US. Next was Mumbai, with 17,294, followed by Chennai with 9,141; Bangalore with
8,835 and Delhi with 8,728.
Hyderabad’s home state, at the time, Andhra Pradesh held some other surprises. Three other cities from the region that made it to the Brookings list are Secunderabad, Vijayawada and Visakhapatnam. However, the report also said that, some of the educational institutions that accepted Hyderabad’s students were little-known and often from unaccredited schools, some of which have since been shut down by US authorities for allegedly engaging in visa fraud.
While students from Mumbai, Delhi and Bangalore tended to go to well-known universities, including Carnegie Mellon University and the University of Southern California, the students of Hyderabad were more likely to end up at smaller schools.
“Some of these schools have been closed down because they were abusing the (student) visa system and the Curricular Practical Training program to bring students to work for employers, rather than primarily to study for a degree programme,” the report said.

Clashes between Islamists  rivals in Libya kill31Print
Associated Press | Cairo |     September 2, 2014 1:20 pm
A Libyan security official says clashes in the eastern city of Benghazi between Islamists and rival fighters loyal to a renegade general have killed 31 on both sides.
The official said early Tuesday that fierce fighting erupted between Gen Khalifa Hifter’s loyalists and a group of Islamist militias called The Benghazi Revolutionary Shura Council late Monday.
Hifter’s jets pounded Islamists’ positions while militiamen responded with artillery. The hours-long clashes concentrated around the city’s Benina airport.
The official says Hifter’s side lost 20 fighters while the militiamen had 11 killed. He says 36 fighters in all were wounded. The official spoke on condition of anonymity because he is not authorized to talk to media.
Libya is witnessing its worst spasm of violence since Moammar Gadhafi was toppled in 2011.

After SRK  now Happy New Year actor Sonu Sood gets policeprotectionBollywood actor Sonu Sood, who will be seen in Farah Khan's 'Happy New Year', has got police protection after reports that he had also received threats from underworld don Ravi Pujari.
BollywoodHungama.com | Mumbai |     September 2, 2014 1:16 pm
Bollywood actor Sonu Sood, who will be seen in Farah Khan’s ‘Happy New Year’, has got police protection after reports that he had also received threats from underworld don Ravi Pujari .
This comes after superstar Shah Rukh Khan , actor Boman Irani were also given police protection following the threats.
Sonu Sood, who plays a prominent role in film Happy New Year, is also said to have received threatening messages from the gangster because of which he has requested for police protection.
Sonu’s movie ‘Happy New Year’, in which he co-stars with Shah Rukh Khan , Abhishek Bachchan and Deepika Padukone, is scheduled for release in October.
On August 23, three persons had opened fire outside the residence of film producer Ali Morani in suburban Juhu.
Two days later, Pujari had allegedly called superstar Shah Rukh Khan’s production house Red Chillies and passed on a message to the actor. Pujari told Khan’s staff to tell the actor to stay away from Morani, police had earlier said.
The gangster is known to make calls to builders and film personalities. (With PTI inputs)

PM Cameron proposes new laws to give UK police power to seize passports of terrorsuspectsCameron said his government is also working on plans to block such suspected British jihadi fighters from re-entering the U.K. (Source: Reuters)
Associated Press | London |     September 2, 2014 1:45 pm
Prime Minister David Cameron on Monday proposed new laws that would give police the power to seize the passports of Britons suspected of having traveled abroad to fight with terrorist groups.
Speaking to Parliament, Cameron said his government is also working on plans to block such suspected British jihadi fighters from re-entering the U.K. The power to monitor such suspects who are already in Britain would also be strengthened.
The plans to widen Britain’s anti-terror laws, which are likely to be approved by parliament, are aimed at preventing attacks by Islamist militants returning from terror training in trouble spots in the Middle East.
Like other Western countries such as the U.S., France and Germany, Britain is worried that citizens who travel abroad to join terror groups could threaten their home country when they return.
Intelligence and security services suspect that around 500 Britons have gone to fight in Syria and potentially Iraq. Cameron has described the extremism posed by the Islamic State group as the biggest security threat of modern times — surpassing that of al-Qaida — and said it poses a direct threat to Europe.
Britain’s Home Secretary already has the authority to withhold passports in some cases, but Cameron said more is needed to ensure police at border crossings could act in time when they spot a suspect.
“We will introduce specific and targeted legislation to fill this gap by providing the police with a temporary power to seize a passport at the border, during which time they will be able to investigate the individual concerned,” he said.
Authorities on Friday raised Britain’s terror threat alert from “substantial” to “severe,” the second-highest level, in response to the crises in Iraq and Syria and concerns that terrorist groups could target Europe. The alert means that an attack on Britain is “highly likely” — though the government did not provide information to suggest an attack was imminent.

Proposed new laws to give UK police power to seize passports of terror suspectsCameron said his government is also working on plans to block such suspected British jihadi fighters from re-entering the U.K. (Source: Reuters)
Associated Press | London |     September 2, 2014 1:45 pm
Prime Minister David Cameron on Monday proposed new laws that would give police the power to seize the passports of Britons suspected of having traveled abroad to fight with terrorist groups.
Speaking to Parliament, Cameron said his government is also working on plans to block such suspected British jihadi fighters from re-entering the U.K. The power to monitor such suspects who are already in Britain would also be strengthened.
The plans to widen Britain’s anti-terror laws, which are likely to be approved by parliament, are aimed at preventing attacks by Islamist militants returning from terror training in trouble spots in the Middle East.
Like other Western countries such as the U.S., France and Germany, Britain is worried that citizens who travel abroad to join terror groups could threaten their home country when they return.
Intelligence and security services suspect that around 500 Britons have gone to fight in Syria and potentially Iraq. Cameron has described the extremism posed by the Islamic State group as the biggest security threat of modern times — surpassing that of al-Qaida — and said it poses a direct threat to Europe.
Britain’s Home Secretary already has the authority to withhold passports in some cases, but Cameron said more is needed to ensure police at border crossings could act in time when they spot a suspect.
“We will introduce specific and targeted legislation to fill this gap by providing the police with a temporary power to seize a passport at the border, during which time they will be able to investigate the individual concerned,” he said.
Authorities on Friday raised Britain’s terror threat alert from “substantial” to “severe,” the second-highest level, in response to the crises in Iraq and Syria and concerns that terrorist groups could target Europe. The alert means that an attack on Britain is “highly likely” — though the government did not provide information to suggest an attack was imminent.

Clashes between Islamists  rivals in Libya kill 31Print
Associated Press | Cairo |     September 2, 2014 1:20 pm
A Libyan security official says clashes in the eastern city of Benghazi between Islamists and rival fighters loyal to a renegade general have killed 31 on both sides.
The official said early Tuesday that fierce fighting erupted between Gen Khalifa Hifter’s loyalists and a group of Islamist militias called The Benghazi Revolutionary Shura Council late Monday.
Hifter’s jets pounded Islamists’ positions while militiamen responded with artillery. The hours-long clashes concentrated around the city’s Benina airport.
The official says Hifter’s side lost 20 fighters while the militiamen had 11 killed. He says 36 fighters in all were wounded. The official spoke on condition of anonymity because he is not authorized to talk to media.
Libya is witnessing its worst spasm of violence since Moammar Gadhafi was toppled in 2011.

India s financial hub Mumbai hit by power cutsYou are here: Home > Collections > India
Country's financial hub Mumbai hit by power cuts
Reuters Sep 2, 2014, 01.45PM IST
Tags:
Best
(The power cuts in Mumbai…)
MUMBAI: Large parts of India's financial capital Mumbai were hit by power cuts on Tuesday, due to technical issues at a Tata Power Company Ltd electricity generation unit.
Due to the problems, Tata Power has switched off certain feeders supplying power to some areas in Mumbai, said officials for Brihanmumbai Electric Supply & Transport Undertaking ( BEST ), which buys electricity from Tata Power.
Tata Power was not immediately available for comment.
The power cuts in Mumbai come amid concerns about wider blackouts in India due to a shortage of coal and underlines the challenge Prime Minister Narendra Modi faces in improving the country's creaking infrastructure.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Maruti Suzuki to open bookings for Ciaz from...You are here: Home > Collections
Maruti Suzuki India to open bookings for Ciaz from tomorrow
PTI Sep 2, 2014, 01.35PM IST
Tags:
Ciaz
(Ciaz will be available…)
NEW DELHI: Seeking to make a mark in the big car segment, the country's largest car maker Maruti Suzuki India will open bookings of its upcoming mid-sized sedan Ciaz from tomorrow.
Ciaz will be available in petrol and Diesel fuel options powered by a 1.4 litre and 1.3 litre engines respectively.
"The global launch of Ciaz is planned during the forthcoming festival season," the company said in a statement.
Ciaz' main competitors will be Honda City , priced between Rs 7.19 lakh and Rs 11.05 lakh, and Hyundai Verna tagged between Rs 7.39 lakh and Rs 11.72 lakh (ex showroom Delhi).
The company claims that Ciaz diesel has a fuel efficiency of 26.21 kmpl while petrol delivers a mileage of 20.73 kmpl.
The new model will replace the SX4 sedan, which had limited success. MSI has been trying hard to gain greater presence in the bigger car segment.
Last month, MSI's total sales grew by 26.9 per cent at 1,10,776 units as against 87,323 units in August last year.
Domestic sales during the month stood at 98,304 units, up 29.3 per cent from 76,018 units in August of previous year.
The sales growth was driven mainly by compact cars comprising Swift, Estilo, Celerio, Ritz and Dzire, which were at 46,759 units in August as against 30,512 units in the year-ago month, up 53.2 per cent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex@27 000; Nifty eyes 8 100; Just Dial surges 6%: top 20 betsYou are here: Home > Collections > Trade
Sensex, Nifty at record highs; top 20 trading ideas
ET Now Sep 2, 2014, 02.02PM IST
Tags:
Adani Ports
("Investors definitely…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex rallied over 215 points in trade on Tuesday to hit its fresh record high of 27,082.85, while the Nifty too registered a fresh life-high of 8,101.95 in trade today.
The Sensex jumped 1,000 points in just 12 trading sessions. The rally in the index was led by gains in Cipla, Bharti Airtel, Sun Pharma and HDFC Bank.
At 2:01 p.m.; the 50-share index was at 8,099.20, up 71.50 points or 0.89 per cent. It touched all-time high of 8,101.95 and a low of 8,036.55 in trade.
The S&P BSE Sensex was at 27,075.05, up 207.50 points or 0.77 per cent. It touched all-time high of 27,082.85 and a low of 26,886.22 in trade.
"Investors definitely need to exercise caution considering the fact that markets have already run up quite a bit. But to say that there is no scope to invest in this market, I would not agree to that," said Sudip Bandyopadhyay, President, Destimoney Securities Pvt. Ltd.
"There are still enough and more opportunities. Infrastructure as an area, real estate as an area, the entire power sector as an area still is a long-long way to go and these will go on the back of the reforms, on the back of removal of the bottlenecks which have been plaguing these sectors," he added.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
ACC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1575 and a stop loss of Rs 1510
Century Textiles is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 655 and a stop loss of Rs 610
Apollo Tyres is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 195 and a stop loss of Rs 177
Adani Ports is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 310 and a stop loss of Rs 285
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
McLeod Russel is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 310 and a stop loss of Rs 291
Petronet LNG is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 205 and a stop loss of Rs 187
Bajaj Auto is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2350 and a stop loss of Rs 2279
Tree House Education is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 450 and a stop loss of Rs 394
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
Bharti Airtel is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 403 and a stop loss of Rs 384
Ultratech is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2770 and a stop loss of Rs 2710
Century Textiles is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 640 and a stop loss of Rs 615
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
Biocon is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 505 and a stop loss of Rs 485
Century Textiles is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 637 and a stop loss of Rs 610
DLF Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 186 and a stop loss of Rs 180
Rakesh Bansal, VP, RK Global
Ambuja Cements is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 223 and a stop loss of Rs 205.50
LG Balakrishnan & Bros is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 587 and a stop loss of Rs 515
VIP Industries is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 106.50 and a stop loss of Rs 97.50
Shrikant Chouhan, Senior VP-Technical Research, Kotak Securities
HDFC Bank is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 900 and a stop loss of Rs 838
IRB Infrastructure is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 270 and a stop loss of Rs 243
JK Tyre is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 335 and a stop loss of Rs 285
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

TVS Motor hits a 52-week high on August sales figureAugust sale
(At 10:30 AM; TVS Motor Company…)
NEW DELHI: TVS Motor Company Ltd rallied as much as 4.3 per cent in trade on Tuesday to hit its fresh 52-week high of Rs 201.80, after the company reported a 47 per cent growth in two-wheelers in the month of August 2014 to 217,662 units from 148,469 units recorded in August 2013.
The Chennai-based company had sold 1,55,532 units in the same month last year, TVS Motor Company said in a statement.
At 10:30 AM; TVS Motor Company Ltd was trading 2.7 per cent higher at Rs 198.65. It hit a low of Rs 196.90 and a 52-week high of Rs 201.80 in trade today.
Total two-wheeler sales increased by 47 per cent to 2,17,662 units in August 2014 as against 1,48,469 units in the same month a year ago.
Domestic two-wheeler sales stood at 1,90,547 units last month, up 50 per cent, from 1,27,095 units in the year-ago period, it added.
Scooters sales during the month grew by 84 per cent to 67,240 units in August 2014 as against 36,478 units in the corresponding month last year, said a PTI report.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nifty Hits 8 100  Sensex Firm Above 27 000You are here: Home Market
Sensex Hits 27,000 For First Time, Nifty Above 8,050
NDTV | Updated On: September 02, 2014 13:08 (IST)
BSE Sensex and Nifty rose today to fresh record highs amid optimism over recovery in the Indian economy after the first quarter growth surged to nine-quarter high.
Sensex and Nifty clocked fresh record highs of 27,002 and 8,076.65 today.
Foreign investors, key drivers of the market rally this year, have bought shares worth $13 billion, or nearly Rs 78,000 crore, in 2014 so far despite some geopolitical tensions, on continued optimism about an improving economy and expectations that the Narendra Modi government will usher in significant reforms. On Monday, foreign investors bought Indian equities worth Rs 554 crore.
Analysts remain positive on the markets in the short-term see some profit-taking surfacing at higher remains.
Gaurang Shah, assistant vice president at Geojit BNP Paribas Financial Services, said good macro data like GDP numbers, foreign inflows and fall in oil prices are driving Indian markets. But he sees some profit-taking at 8,100 levels for Nifty.
Technical analyst Sarvendra Srivasatava sees markets heading higher in short-term but says 8050-8100 level remains the resistance zone for Nifty.
Cipla surged over 6 per cent to be the biggest Nifty gainer. Cipla on Monday launched its generic drug used for treatment of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease in Germany and Sweden. While the drug - Salmeterol/Fluticasone MDI - will be sold under the Serroflo brand in Germany, it will be marketed as Salmeterol/Fluticasone Cipla in Sweden, Cipla said in a statement. The combined market size of the drug is estimated around $100 million.
Cement stocks were also among gainers after core sector data for July indicated that cement production grew 16.4 per cent during the month. UltraTech, ACC, Grasim Industries and Ambuja Cement rose between 2-3 per cent.
Hero MotoCorp rose 1.7 per cent after August sales jumped 21 per cent. Some buying was also seen in banking stocks with IndusInd Bank and HDFC Bank gaining between 0.8 per cent and 1.5 per cent.
Some selling pressure was seen in metal stocks with JSPL and Sesa Sterlite down between 1 per cent and 2 per cent.
At 1:05 p.m., Sensex was up 127 points to 26,994 while Nifty rose 46 points to 8,073.
 

Cement Stocks Jump; CLSA Says Worst BehindYou are here: Home Market
Cement Stocks Jump; CLSA Says Worst Behind
NDTV | Updated On: September 02, 2014 13:25 (IST)
Wall Street Little Changed After Weak Payrolls Report
Cement stocks jumped on Tuesday as the core sector data suggested a revival in the beleaguered cement sector.
Grasim Industries jumped over 4 per cent to Rs 3,630 whereas UltraTech Cement and Ambuja Cements were up around 3 per cent each.
The core sector index, which measures output of eight infrastructure industries, rose 2.7 per cent in the month of July, 2014. Although the growth was significantly lower than the growth reported in the month of June, but individual sectors like coal, cement and electricity reported strong growth in the month of July.
Production in the cement sector grew at 16.5 per cent year-on year in the month of July suggesting a revival in construction activities. This growth was fastest in last 32 months.
Asia Pacific focused brokerage CLSA says worst is behind the cement industry and green shoots of recovery seen in the sector. It expects strong recovery in the sector after 7 years of contraction.
Grasim Industries, ACC, UltraTech Cement and Shree Cements are the top pick of CLSA in the cement sector.
Story first published on: September 02, 2014 13:21 (IST)

Gold Falls to Near One-week Low on Dollar StrengthGold Dips for Sixth Day on Sustained Selling, Global Cues
Singapore:
Gold fell to its lowest level in nearly a week on Tuesday as a stronger dollar outweighed any safe-haven demand from lower equities and heightened tensions over Ukraine.
Palladium hovered near a 13-1/2 year high on fears that possible Western sanctions on Russia could hit supply, while silver tracked gold lower as the dollar hit a seven-month peak against the yen and held near a one-year high against the euro.
The dollar strength ahead of this week's European Central Bank policy meet and US non-farm payrolls data has precious metals traders worried that gold could fall to lower levels in the next few sessions.
"It does seem like gold is struggling. Ukraine tensions remain unresolved and yet gold is below $1,300," said one Hong Kong-based bullion trader. Gold is often seen as an alternative investment during times of geopolitical uncertainties.
"People are concerned about the dollar strength and I think we will trade in a tight range between $1,278 and $1,290 until we get ECB and non-farm payrolls out of the way."
Spot gold fell 0.5 per cent to $1,281.20 an ounce by 0631 GMT, after earlier dipping to $1,280.10 - its lowest since Aug. 27.
Markets are primarily focused on the ECB meeting on Thursday as they seek clarity on the bank's response to a stalled recovery, disappearing inflation and the sluggish pace of reform in the euro zone.
Weak euro zone data, along with the Ukraine crisis and possibility of an imminent policy easing, has kept the euro under pressure, boosting the dollar.
Bullion investors were also eyeing US non-farm payrolls data and the unemployment rate due on Friday to gauge the strength of the world's biggest economy and its impact on the Federal Reserve's monetary policy.
These factors and a stronger dollar have largely offset any safe-haven buying from the ongoing Ukraine crisis.
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko accused Russia on Monday of "direct and undisguised aggression" that he said had radically changed the battlefield balance as Kiev's forces suffered a further reverse in their war with pro-Moscow separatists.
Palladium, however, got a boost from the Ukraine crisis as investors fear fresh Western sanctions on Russia could include producers of palladium, which is used in auto catalysts. Russia accounts for over 40 percent of global palladium supply.
Spot palladium rose nearly 0.1 per cent to $903.97 - a fifth straight session of gains. The metal climbed as high as $910 on Monday, its highest since 2001, before paring some gains to close up 0.5 per cent.
"While there haven't been any metal-related restrictions just yet, disruptions in Russian supply could have a significant impact on the global availability of palladium," ANZ analysts said in a note
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Sensex hits 27000  market at record high for 2nd daySep 02, 2014, 01.50 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex hits 27000, market at record high for 2nd day
Pharma and realty stocks are leading the market rally today with Cipla and Bharti Airtel as top Nifty gainers.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex hits 27000, market at record high for 2nd day
Pharma and realty stocks are leading the market rally today with Cipla and Bharti Airtel as top Nifty gainers.
Post your opinion here
Moneycontrol Bureau
Live Market Commentary
1:50 pm Interview: Despite a positive sentiment on ground, Vellayan Subbiah, MD, Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Company sees a minor pick up in heavy commercial vehicles (HCVs) in terms of fleet buyers and almost no pick up in light commercial vehicles (LCVs).
The larger issue persists to be real cash flow not improving to translate further into sustained sales due to lack of spending ability, says Subbiah in an interview with CNBC-TV18. The tractor-financing segment too has been slightly hit by monsoon deficit.
However, a flat to marginally positive growth could be seen in the sector this year, he adds.
 1:40 pm Fund raising: Fund raising through QIP is seeing a mild pause at this point, though it stands at USD 3 billion so far in FY15. V Jayasankar, senior executive director & head of equity capital markets at Kotak Investment Banking says there is no need to worry about the pause.
Going ahead, he sees strong pipeline of fresh paper coming in – Rs 80,000-1,00,000 crore – and a bulk of it will come from the PSU side, that is government disinvestment in PSU banks and PSU banks that need to raise capital, while the balance will come from the private sector. He expects it to be in the ratio of 60:40.
He expects fund raising to the tune of Rs 58,000 crore, both PSU disinvestment and sale of SUUTI holdings combine, followed by the private sector raising Rs 25,000-35,000 crore and lastly PSU banks raising funds, which is expected to be around Rs 15,000-25000 crore.
1:30 pm Power tripping: Large parts of Mumbai were hit by power cuts, due to technical issues at a Tata Power Company electricity generation unit.
Due to the problems, Tata Power has switched off certain feeders supplying power to some areas in Mumbai, said officials for Brihanmumbai Electric Supply & Transport Undertaking (BEST), which buys electricity from Tata Power.
Tata Power was not immediately available for comment.
The power cuts in Mumbai come amid concerns about wider blackouts in India due to a shortage of coal and underlines the challenge Prime Minister Narendra Modi faces in improving the country's creaking infrastructure.
1:20 pm Buzzing: Shares of SPML Infra and Hindustan Construction Company (HCC) saw buying interest, up 5 percent and 6.5 percent intraday, respectively on getting new orders. Infrastructure development company SPML has won new orders worth Rs 1232.3 crore from Uttar Pradesh Jal Nigam, Agra and Sardar Sarovar Narmada Nigam, Gandhinagar.
"The two orders received from UP Jal Nigam worth Rs 1,002.17 crore are for augmenting drinking water supply for Agra city with laying of 128 kilometers of water pipeline. The Rs 230.13 crore order from Sardar Sarovar Narmada Nigam is for infrastructure development for hydro generating units at Kutchh, Gujarat," the company elaborated in its filing.
Don't miss: Cipla at new high, up 8%; respiratory drug launch in UK key
The party is not over yet on Dalal Street as the market hits record high for second consecutive day. The Sensex has now hit the magical 27000-mark. The Sensex is up 111.25 points at 26978.80 and the Nifty is up 43.15 points at 8070.85. About 1739 shares have advanced, 1033 shares declined, and 104 shares are unchanged.
Pharma and realty stocks are leading the market rally today with Cipla and Bharti Airtel as top Nifty gainers.
Sun Pharma, Hero, HDFC Bank are other top gainers in the Sensex. Among the losers are Sesa Sterlite, HUL, Tata Motors, Tata Steel and Infosys.
 

D-Link India: Updates on outcome of AGMSep 02, 2014, 01.19 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
D-Link India: Updates on outcome of AGM
D-Link (India) Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of proceedings of the 6th Annual General Meeting of the Company held on August 23, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
D-Link India: Updates on outcome of AGM
D-Link (India) Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of proceedings of the 6th Annual General Meeting of the Company held on August 23, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
D-Link (India) Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of proceedings of the 6th Annual General Meeting of the Company held on  August 23, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Kirloskar Industries: Outcome of AGMSep 02, 2014, 01.19 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Kirloskar Industries: Outcome of AGM
Kirloskar Industries Ltd has informed BSE that the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 02, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Kirloskar Industries: Outcome of AGM
Kirloskar Industries Ltd has informed BSE that the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 02, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Kirloskar Industries Ltd has informed BSE that the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 02, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Fresh paper issuances of Rs 80k-100k cr lined up: KotakSep 02, 2014, 02.55 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Fresh paper issuances of Rs 80k-100k cr lined up: Kotak
Going ahead, V Jayasankar of Kotak Investment Banking sees strong pipeline of fresh paper coming in – Rs 80,000-1,00,000 crore – and a bulk of it will come from the PSU side, that is government divestment in PSU banks and PSU banks raising capital, while the balance will come from the private sector.

Sundar Pichai To Announce Android One Programme in India on Sept 15Sundar Pichai To Announce Android One Programme in India on Sept 15
No relief for Kingfisher Airlines  SC doesn t restrain Union Bank from declaring it a wilful ...No relief for Kingfisher Airlines  SC doesn t restrain Union Bank from declaring it a wilful ...
Economy back on trackEconomy back on track
Passports could be seized to fight terrorism: UKPassports could be seized to fight terrorism: UK
Pro-Russian rebels lower demands in peace talksPro-Russian rebels lower demands in peace talks
Fire breaks out at Chatterjee International building in KolkataFire breaks out at Chatterjee International building in Kolkata
Hong Kong shares recover losses  lifted by China marketsHong Kong shares recover losses  lifted by China markets
Corporate : Maruti Suzuki to open customer bookings for mid-sized premium sedan  CiazCorporate : Maruti Suzuki to open customer bookings for mid-sized premium sedan  Ciaz
Thomas Cook (India) announces partnership with Allpoint NetworkThomas Cook (India) announces partnership with Allpoint Network
India offers red carpet to investors  not red tapeIndia offers red carpet to investors, not red tape: Modi tells Japanese businessmen
Ajay Kaul     Tokyo   Last Updated: September 2, 2014  | 14:35 IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi. Reuters
Making a strong pitch for bringing Japanese investments into India , Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday said there is no red tape but only red carpet for investors as the government has eased a lot of regulations.
Asserting that his government is working on development and increasing manufacturing activities, Modi said there cannot be a better place to make investments than India. "I have come to assure you that there is no Red Tape but Red Carpet in India. We have eased off lot of regulations," Modi said.
Calling for a new history between the two countries on the economic front, the Prime Minister said India is the only place where one can find democracy, demography and demand. Modi, who was addressing Japanese investors at a seminar organised by the Japan External Trade Organisation (Jetro) and Nikkei in Tokyo, also said that India guarantees democracy, safety, security and justice.
He told Japanese investors that India is a god gifted location for reaching out to global markets. Referring to his government's 100 days in power, Modi said it has achieved what could not be achieved in the last two-and-a-half years.
The country's GDP grew 5.7 per cent in the April-June quarter, the highest in more than two years. Modi said his government is ready to offer whatever is required to promote foreign investment into India. Without Japan, India is incomplete and without India, Japan is incomplete, he said. According to him, the coming together of Japan's hardware skills and India's software expertise can create miracle.
(PTI)

Sensex@27 000; Nifty hits 8 100; Just Dial surges 6%: top 20 betsYou are here: Home > Collections > Trade
Sensex, Nifty at record highs; top 20 trading ideas
ET Now Sep 2, 2014, 02.02PM IST
Tags:
Adani Ports
("Investors definitely…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex rallied over 215 points in trade on Tuesday to hit its fresh record high of 27,082.85, while the Nifty too registered a fresh life-high of 8,101.95 in trade today.
The Sensex jumped 1,000 points in just 12 trading sessions. The rally in the index was led by gains in Cipla, Bharti Airtel, Sun Pharma and HDFC Bank.
At 2:01 p.m.; the 50-share index was at 8,099.20, up 71.50 points or 0.89 per cent. It touched all-time high of 8,101.95 and a low of 8,036.55 in trade.
The S&P BSE Sensex was at 27,075.05, up 207.50 points or 0.77 per cent. It touched all-time high of 27,082.85 and a low of 26,886.22 in trade.
"Investors definitely need to exercise caution considering the fact that markets have already run up quite a bit. But to say that there is no scope to invest in this market, I would not agree to that," said Sudip Bandyopadhyay, President, Destimoney Securities Pvt. Ltd.
"There are still enough and more opportunities. Infrastructure as an area, real estate as an area, the entire power sector as an area still is a long-long way to go and these will go on the back of the reforms, on the back of removal of the bottlenecks which have been plaguing these sectors," he added.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
ACC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1575 and a stop loss of Rs 1510
Century Textiles is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 655 and a stop loss of Rs 610
Apollo Tyres is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 195 and a stop loss of Rs 177
Adani Ports is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 310 and a stop loss of Rs 285
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
McLeod Russel is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 310 and a stop loss of Rs 291
Petronet LNG is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 205 and a stop loss of Rs 187
Bajaj Auto is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2350 and a stop loss of Rs 2279
Tree House Education is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 450 and a stop loss of Rs 394
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
Bharti Airtel is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 403 and a stop loss of Rs 384
Ultratech is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2770 and a stop loss of Rs 2710
Century Textiles is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 640 and a stop loss of Rs 615
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
Biocon is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 505 and a stop loss of Rs 485
Century Textiles is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 637 and a stop loss of Rs 610
DLF Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 186 and a stop loss of Rs 180
Rakesh Bansal, VP, RK Global
Ambuja Cements is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 223 and a stop loss of Rs 205.50
LG Balakrishnan & Bros is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 587 and a stop loss of Rs 515
VIP Industries is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 106.50 and a stop loss of Rs 97.50
Shrikant Chouhan, Senior VP-Technical Research, Kotak Securities
HDFC Bank is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 900 and a stop loss of Rs 838
IRB Infrastructure is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 270 and a stop loss of Rs 243
JK Tyre is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 335 and a stop loss of Rs 285
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

No red tape  only red carpet in India: Modi tells JapanIf Delhi was “looking east” then Japan was in a “look at India mood”, he said. Photo: AP
TOPICS
India-Japan
"There is no other place more suited to you than India," Mr. Modi said in a clear-cut strategy aimed at wooing Japanese business to India.
A red carpet, not red tape, awaits Japanese entrepreneurs if they come and set up shop in India, Prime Minister Narendra Modi promised on Tuesday.
Addressing a 2,000-strong gathering organised by the Japan External Trade Organisation (Jetro) and Nikkei, Mr. Modi said India was attractive to Japan on account of three D’s – democracy, demography and demand.
If Delhi was “looking east” then Japan was in a “look at India mood”, the Prime Minister said, stressing that India was an attractive low-cost manufacturing destination for Japanese business.
“There is no other place more suited to you than India,” Mr. Modi said in a clear-cut strategy aimed at wooing Japanese business to India. According to him, India was a “god-gifted location” for Japan to manufacture in.
According to Mr. Modi, as many as 50 cities in India were in line to get new metro projects off the ground. “Have you thought how big this business is?” the Prime Minister asked.
Pointing out that several key decisions had been taken in the first 100 days of his government, the Prime Minister pointed out that 55 per cent items had been freed from legal obligations as far as defence manufacturing was concerned.
If Japan entered the defence manufacturing sector, where 49 per cent FDI is now permitted, Tokyo could also supply the needs of other small countries as well.
The Prime Minister ended with a simple message – come to India and try your luck.

Bolster party first  front can wait: Amit ShahUpdated: September 2, 2014 13:48 IST
Bolster party first, front can wait: Amit Shah
Special Correspondent
Tweet
The Hindu BJP president Amit Shah receives his portrait presented to him by the party’s district president at the State convention of BJP workers in Thiruvananthapuram on Monday. BJP State leaders V. Muraleedharan and O. Rajagopal look on. — PHOTO: S. MAHINSHA
: Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) president Amit Shah on Monday unveiled a blueprint to strengthen the party in Kerala to enable it to open its account in the next elections to the local bodies, Assembly, and Parliament.
The membership drive will be kicked off on November 1. BJP workers should enrol new members from all sections of society, Mr. Shah said while unveiling the blueprint at á BJP workers’ convention organised near Thiruvallam here to coincide with his maiden two-day visit to the State.
“The workers should strengthen the BJP. We should contest the elections to win,” Mr. Shah reminded the party functionaries. Stating that the BJP would be strengthened in Assam, West Bengal, Odisha, Andhra Pradesh, Telangana and Tamil Nadu during his tenure, Mr. Shah called upon BJP workers to reach out to the people, especially youth, so that the party can contest and win the polls.
The Congress needs to be wiped out from the State. It should begin with the elections to the Thiruvananthapuram City Corporation. Regretting that there was no BJP MP from the State now, Mr. Shah said the Kerala unit of the party would mark its presence in the 2019 polls to the Lok Sabha.
The BJP president lashed out at the United Democratic Front (UDF) and the Left Democratic Front (LDF) and accused them of taking the State backwards. “They are both sides of the same coin and are playing vote bank politics,” he said.
He alleged that the rival fronts were pursuing an appeasement policy.
The BJP president said the Narendra Modi government had made several achievements in the short period in reviving the economy, foreign relations, adopting a tough stand against Pakistan and black money, and in reducing the price of diesel.
A one-minute silence was observed as a mark of respect to RSS district-level leader in Kannur Elanthottil Manoj who was hacked to death early Monday. BJP State president V. Muraleedharan, senior leader O. Rajgopal, former party presidents, and functionaries of party and feeder organisations were present.

Kolkata survivors recount narrow escape from blazing buildingKolkata survivors recount narrow escape from blazing building
PTI  Kolkata, September 02, 2014
First Published: 13:38 IST(2/9/2014) | Last Updated: 13:55 IST(2/9/2014)
Comments
For Sumita, an employee in one of the offices housed in Chatterjee International Building where a major fire broke out on Monday, the day will always be etched in her memory as she escaped from the clutches of death.
"I work in the 8th floor of the Chatterjee International Building. At around 8:30am, I heard some noise coming from the top floors. Along with some of the other employees when I went upstairs to see what was happening, we saw fire and smoke on the staircase leading to the 12th floor. We could still hear cries coming from that floor. But we couldn't help them. We immediately came down," said Sumita.
A major fire broke out this morning in the 24-floor landmark building in the heart of the city with fire personnel rescuing those trapped inside the high rise which houses many commercial establishments.
The fire is yet to be doused and 20 fire tenders along with four hydraulic ladders have been pressed into service.
"I was working in my office located on the third floor and totally unaware of what was happening in the building. All of a sudden while surfing the television channels, we saw shots of the top floor of our building in flames. We immediately came down," said Arunima.
According to fire officials, the fire first broke out on the 12th floor and later spread to the 13th and 14th floors.
"Just like other days I was trying to set up my stall here. But as I was fixing the umbrella I saw clothes and papers being flung out of windows of the top floors and fire in one of the floors. I immediately rushed and informed the watchman about what I saw. The fire brigade had already been informed by then," said Banwari, a vendor of Park street area.
 
West Bengal fire services minister Javed Khan told news persons that four persons who were trapped inside were rescued with a ladder and sent to hospital with smoke-related complaints.
"No one else is trapped inside the building," he told reporters while supervising fire tending operations at the building situated at the crossing of Park Street and Jawaharlal Nehru Road in Kolkata.
Some people who were in the second and third floors of the building were also evacuated, he said.

How to stay online and anonymousprint
Did you ever feel the urge to send a love/hate message to someone, but were afraid that it would come back to haunt you? Especially in this digital age of technology and smartphones, it is tough to keep your identity secret – but as always, there is an app for that. In fact, there are three apps, and free, for the iOs and Android platforms.
Secret [www.secret.ly]
This is the app that started the trend. It requires your mobile number and a connection to your Facebook account. It does not misuse the information, and uses it only to authenticate you, and to tell you if the secrets being shared are by your friends or by ‘friends-of-friends’. No names are given out, and every time you reply to a secret, you have a brand new icon that only you know. Moreover, the icon changes with each thread. 
Conversations are split into two types15 -- - those by your friends and friends-of-friends, and randomly selected threads, called Explore. Even here, in case you feel something is unacceptable, you can flag the conversation. There is also an option to follow a thread without commenting on it by subscribing to it. Also, if you posted something and don’t want it up online any more, you can also delete the post.
Secrets can range from your secret crush, to how you ate only cheese for dinner last night to your colleague’s secret vice. You can also share conversations on social media — though your identity will stand revealed.
Yik Yak [http://yikyakapp.com]
The obvious problem with Secret is that it knows your Facebook identity and your phone number. This is where Yik Yak scores: there is no login, there is not even ownership of a thread. It uses the GPS on your phone to figure out your location and shows you recent posts from others in your area.
From funny experiences to news to rumours and real secrets, Yik Yak can help you get the word out. Options available: all-time Greatest Yaks, Top Yaks in your area, and other Top Yaks.
 
Since Yik Yak does not use a login system, you may not have access to your own posts if you use it on another device! But if you want to brag about how you watched a match during a presentation, go ahead. Yak about it.
Compared to Secret users, Yik Yak has a lower following as of now, so you may not find the same level of variety in conversations. But the community is growing.
Whisper [http://whisper.sh/]
A mixture of storytelling and Secret, the Whisper App too does not require any kind of login. It will show you a board of popular posts, posts that are near you (obtained by using your GPS location) and the latest posts on the network.  
You can choose the area before you make a post, use an image from your library or shoot one. Whisper also lets you comment on your own story and change the title if you want, and lets you choose from various images. Your account is registered with nickname and a personal identification number (PIN), so you can use Whisper on another phone as well.
Whisper has an additional feature over Yik Yak and Secret. It allows private conversations. It also lets you to “love” a conversation, flag it and share it on other social media networks — your identity stands revealed.
Remember, though: Secrets come at a cost. There is no guarantee they won’t come back to you. My personal board is filled with messages of problems in relationships, problems with venture capitalists, and some secrets even name people. That may be a bad idea. At the end of the day, your IP Address is captured, so the anonymity is limited.

Modi s pitch in Japan: Red carpet  no red tapeLove in Tokyo
Calling for a new history between the two countries on the economic front, the Prime Minister said India is the only place where one can find "democracy, demography and demand".
"I have come to assure you that there is no red tape but red carpet in India. We have eased off lots of regulations," he said.
Modi, who was addressing Japanese investors at a seminar organised by the Japan External Trade Organisation (Jetro) and Nikkei here, also said that India guarantees democracy, safety, security and justice.
He told Japanese investors that India is a "god gifted location" for reaching out to global markets.
Referring to his government's 100 days in power, Modi said it has achieved what could not be achieved in the last two-and-a-half years.
The country's GDP grew 5.7 per cent in the April-June quarter, the highest in more than two years.
Modi said his government is ready to offer whatever is required to promote foreign investment into India.
"Without Japan, India is incomplete and without India, Japan is incomplete", he said.
According to him, the coming together of Japan's hardware skills and India's software expertise can create miracles.
PM Modi later on Tuesday spoke at a programme organised by Japan-India Association. "India-Japan relationship is 110 yrs old. In today's world even a family doesn't stay together for 100 years" PM Modi said. He added that the excitement to learn Hindi and the interest in Yoga is increasing in Japan.
PM Modi said that India will be glad to invite parliamentarians to visit various parts of the country. He also added "We need to do something to bring together youngsters from both countries so they can discuss ideas"
He ended his speech by saying, "The love and affection I have received from you means more to me than the prime ministership."

Government makes gradual  tough changes to fix a sputtering economyGovernment makes gradual, tough changes to fix a sputtering economy
Gaurav Choudhury , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 02, 2014
First Published: 00:11 IST(2/9/2014) | Last Updated: 18:07 IST(2/9/2014)
Comments
No flashy dismantling of woodwork but a gradual hard dribble to the net is what the Narendra Modi-led NDA government has chosen to get India’s slowing economy find its goal of higher growth and more jobs.
That finance minister Arun Jaitley chose fiscal prudence over grand schemes in his maiden budget clearly brings out the fact that India’s economy needs an overhaul after sputtering over haywire prices, low investment and a precarious fiscal situation.
Jaitley reiterated the government’s commitment to walk the talk on fiscal discipline pledging to keep the fiscal deficit at 4.1% of GDP.
In the last 100 days, there was also bold reformist intent in his speech. The easing of foreign investment caps in the defence, railways and intent to open up the insurance sector, which have been hobbled by lack of capital, are signs of the government’s goal.
It has also laid out a roadmap for reforming India’s subsidy regime to make it more efficient.
“Special emphasis on infrastructure projects was visible in the budget; funding norms have been eased; FDI has been liberalised and ‘Make in India’ (manufacturing) is the new mantra. The reforms being pushed by the BJP government in Rajasthan on Labour, Land and Subsidies do make for a strong start,” broking and research firm Macquarie Research said in a recent research report.
“What fell short of expectations was the delay in gas price hike, no commitment on timeline for GST and half measures on FDI in Defence,” the report said.
The government, however, is grappling with the key question of spinning jobs for millions.
During 2005-12 India added only 15 million jobs. This is in stark contrast to the previous period when between 1999 and 2005 an additional 60 million jobs were created. Both Modi and Jaitley have made small factories central to the plan of absorbing job aspirants.
The government has also repeatedly pencilled-in skill development as a key priority area in the government’s new development paradigm.
The decision to replace the Planning Commission with a new contemporary body also goes hand-in-hand with the objectives of converting India into a manufacturing hub by asking investors — domestic and foreign — to “Come, make in India”.
Acche din, it is obvious, will come only after good economics.

Death row convicts can be heard in open courts: SCComments
The Supreme Court ruled on Tuesday that death row convicts would be entitled to an open court hearing of their review petitions in cases where capital punishment has been upheld.
The verdict puts an end to the practice of judges deciding on review petitions by circulating it among themselves in the privacy of their chambers.
A five-judge Constitution bench -- by a majority verdict of four to one – said that a three-judge bench would hear review petitions for a maximum of 30 minutes in all death sentence cases.
The provision of review petitions allows the SC to take a re-look at its decisions and is generally filed by the aggrieved party after losing their case in the apex court. Review petitions are usually heard by the same bench of judges who decide a particular case.
“Death penalty is irreversible in nature. If it is found afterwards that such a sentence was not warranted, it would be of no use as the life of the convict cannot be brought back,” said the bench, headed by Chief Justice of India RM Lodha. Justice J Chelameswar gave the dissenting verdict.
In its judgment, the SC said the law of open-court hearings would be applicable to pending and future review petitions.
It will also apply to cases where a review petition has already been dismissed but the death sentence has not been executed. In such cases, petitioners can apply for reopening of their review petition within one month from the date of this judgment.
However, if the curative petition – the last available legal recourse and one that is filed when the review petition has been rejected -- has been dismissed in a particular case, it won’t be reopened by the court.
Retired Delhi high court judge Justice RS Sodhi welcomed the decision, saying, “It is a step towards the judges acknowledging the seriousness of death sentences. Capital punishment can be given by mistake, due to a lawyer’s incompetence or even the judge’s preconceived notions.”
An Amnesty report submitted to the SC showed that out of the 100-odd death sentences handed out by the judiciary every year, the top court is responsible for around 60.
The decision came on a batch of petitions filed by death row prisoners including 1993 Mumbai blasts convict Yakub Memon and Red Fort shootout case accused Mohd Arif.
The court was, however, unanimous that prolonged judicial proceedings cannot be a ground for commuting the death sentence to life imprisonment.
“Delay in judicial proceedings during time taken in court proceedings cannot be taken into account to say there is a delay that would convert a death sentence into one for life,” the court said, dismissing the plea of Mohd Arif, in jail for the last 13.5 years.

Your guide to book a flat under the new DDA housing scheme in DelhiYour guide to book a flat under the new DDA housing scheme in Delhi
Durga M Sengupta , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 02, 2014
First Published: 12:27 IST(2/9/2014) | Last Updated: 02:28 IST(3/9/2014)
Have you been visiting the DDA website, trying to figure out how to book a flat under the new housing scheme? Do you have unanswered questions before you take the plunge?
Here's our list of 13 FAQ's you need to read before trying your luck:
How many flats are up for grabs?
A total of 25,034 flats are available under the scheme, 22,627 of which are 1BHK flats. DDA is offering 700 flats under the Economically Weaker Section (EWS) category as well.
Where can I apply?
You can buy the brochure from select branches of 13 banks empanelled by the DDA. Alternatively, the DDA was letting people download the brochure from their website. However, the site crashed on Monday and now you will be redirected to the bank web page to download it. Online payment can be made through NEFT/RTGS/net banking application at the bank's website. Payment through credit/debit card is not accepted. Also, please note that unlike DDA's previous schemes, forms will not be available at Vikas Sadan this time.
How much does the brochure cost?
The brochure costs Rs. 150. If you download it online, you will have to pay the sum during submission.
Will my bank help me?
You can apply for the scheme at the following 13 banks: Punjab National Bank, State Bank of India, Central Bank of India, Corporation Bank, Syndicate Bank, Union Bank of India, Indusland Bank, Kotak Mahindra Bank, IDBI Bank, ICICI Bank Ltd, Yes Bank, HDFC Bank and Axis Bank.
Where are the flats located?
The maximum number of flats are located in Rohini, Narela and Dwarka. There are also some flats in Mukherjee Nagar, Jasola, Kalyan Vihar, Jahangirpuri, Vasant Kunj, Shalimar Bagh and Motia Khan.
Do I need to carry some ID proof?
No, all you need is a photocopy of your PAN card. The one-page form is easy to fill.
What is the registration fee for a flat?
There is a Rs. 1 lakh registration fee for general category and Rs. 10,000 fee for EWS category. You need to submit the form, along with a banker's cheque or demand draft (DD) favouring 'DDA HOUSING' payable at Delhi. If your name doesn't appear in the draw, this fee will be fully refunded within 15-20 days after it is announced.
Am I eligible for the scheme?
Any Indian citizen, 18 years of age and above can apply. However, you are not eligible to apply if you already own a flat or plot in your or your spouse/child's name in Delhi.
Till when can I apply for the scheme?
October 9, 2014 is the last date for application.
How many times can I apply?
A person can only apply once.
If I'm applying for a flat can my husband/wife also apply?
Yes, both of you can apply separately. However, if both of you are allotted flats, only one can be retained.
When will I find out if I'm the lucky one?
The draw of lots for the scheme is expected to be held between 25 and 31 October and DDA promises to hand over all flats by March 2015.
Is there something else I need to know?
Yes, for the first time, DDA has introduced a 5-year lock-in-period which means you cannot sell the flat for at least 5 years after buying it. This has been done to cut out middlemen and reduce speculative buying.

Kolkata high-rise office building catches fireComments
Fire struck on the 15th and 16th floors of Chatterjee International, one of the oldest highrises in the city’s business district, on Tuesday just before the beginning of full fledged office hours, sending panic waves across the city that was ravaged by devastating fires in the past few years including the ones at AMRI hospital and Stephen Court.
 
The fire started around 8:30 on the 15th floor and spread to the 16th. It raged for over three hours before it was brought under control by 17 fire engines.
 
Parts of the 14th and 17th floors were also damaged.
 
“The floors have fire extinguishers, sprinklers and fire alarm. But since they are not operated, they do not work,” alleged Firoj Akhtar, an employee of an office on the 21st floor.
 
Fortunately, there were no casualties, an escape described as providential by some who has offices in that building. Electricity connections in the entire 24 storied building and adjoining office buildings were snapped soon after the fire spotted.
 
Four persons, who were on 21st floor, got choked by the smoke. They were rushed to the nearby SSKM Hospital but were later released after preliminary treatment. However, one firemen was injured while dousing the fire.
 
“I was stuck on the 21st floor of the building. Fire engulfed the entire floor. I waved with a piece of cloth through the window to draw attention. Later, I was rescued by the fire service officials,” said Akhtar, one of the four people trapped inside the building.
 
The building was completed in 1976 and has 24 floors, all occupied by office and business establishments.
 
“We don’t know what caused the fire. We will only know after the probe in over,” said fire services minister Javed Khan. However, the word spread at the spot that kerosene and cooking stoves that contain highly inflammable material might have been present at the spot.
 
Incidentally, Stephen Court that was engulfed by a massive fire on March 24, 2010 killing 43, is less than a km from the spot.
 
“The fire can be partially attributed to the sheer negligence of fire officials. I saw sparks in the AC machine in my office, I alerted the firemen. But they were busy battling the fire on the 15th,” said Prem Kanoria, who owns an office on the 16th floor.
 
Kanoria’s office was completely gutted. “I saw the fire on the TV and came rushing. But I had to helplessly watch it being engulfed by the fire,” rued Kanoria.
 
Apart from the fire engines, two sky lifts and four ladders were deployed at the spot.
 
But lack of planning and coordination became evident again on Tuesday. A 40-metre skylift reached the spot an hour after the fire was noticed. But it could not reach the 15th floor where the fire had broken out.
 
Then a 70-metre skylift was rushed to bring out those trapped on that floor. But it was a good two hours after the fire.
 
Firemen were seen struggling with the taller apparatus, a clear indication that they were not fully familiar with the operation.
 
The fire services minister, Javed Khan, mayor Sovan Chatterjee, housing development minister Arup Biswas rushed to the spot. Ritesh Tiwari, who is contesting the Chowringhee assembly bypoll for BJP, also came in the morning.
 
“Why couldn’t the state government act within 15 minutes of the fire breaking out? The fire station is close to the spot,” said Tiwari.
 
“I went to the 15th and 16th floor.  The fire was completely under control by then,” said Javed Khan around midday.
Fire breaks out at Chatterjee International Centre in #Kolkata. (Photo courtesy: Twitter handle @ANI_news)

Nifty hits 8100  Sensex up 200 pts; Midcap  Smallcap up 1%Live Market Commentary
03:30 pm Market closing
It is another day to break records as celebrations continue at Dalal Street. The Sensex closed above 27,000 for first time ever, registering record closing high for 6th day in a row. The 30-share index was up 158.53 points at 27026.08.
The Nifty ended at record closing high for 4th day in a row, after hitting intra-day record high of 8102 in trade today. The Nifty closed up 61.15 points at 8088.85.
Cipla was the biggest gainer on the Sensex, up 5 percent. Other major gainers were Bharti Airtel, Sun Pharma, HDFC Bank and GAIL. Among the losers were Sesa Sterlite, HUL, Hindalco, Tata Power and Tata Steel.
03:10 pm Gold'en time
Indian gold imports and premiums are likely to surge during the rest of the year as buying picks up for the wedding and festival season, the head of the country's biggest gold refiner said on Tuesday.
Premiums could jump to USD 10-USD 12 an ounce over the global benchmark from the current levels of USD 4- USD 5, said MMTC-PAMP Managing Director Rajesh Khosla.
Imports could climb to 60-70 tonnes per month for the rest of the year from about 40 tonnes in July, Khosla said, adding that August imports were probably around 63 tonnes.
India has not yet released its trade figures for August. "Demand is expected to increase in the coming months as people start buying from September because of the festive season," Khosla said.
03:00pm Interview
Elecon Engineering's CMD Prayasvin Patel said the company has received orders worth Rs 61 crore this year and there have been live enquiries worth Rs 4,230 crore. Out of which the company expects to get about Rs 200-250 crore worth of orders shortly.
“Things are looking up this quarter. If the situation continues this way, the whole year is going to be fairly good,” he said.
The stock surged 11 percent.
02:50pm FII View
Ridham Desai of Morgan Stanley feels the market was led by global rally in equities. According to him, investors continue to be bullish on India and the market is underestimating the power of strong global cues.
"Investors are convinced about the potency of this market. New government seems to be sending right signal to investors," he added.
02:40pm Movers and Shakers
Index heavyweights: Cigarette major ITC, private sector lender HDFC Bank, housing finance company HDFC and petrochemical major Reliance Industries are leading contributors to the market, rising 1-1.6 percent.
Top telecom operator Bharti Airtel and drug maker Cipla topped the buying list, up nearly 5 percent. Sun Pharma and Hero Motocorp gained more than 2 percent. Top lender State Bank of India climbed a percent.
However, shares of Tata Motors, Sesa Sterlite, HUL, ICICI Bank, Tata Steel, M&M, Hindalco and Wipro fell 0.2-1.6 percent.
02:30pm GMR Infra shares in demand
Shares of GMR Infrastructure climbed over 2 percent on signing memorandum of understanding (MoU) with Japanese bank for financial assistance.
 
The Bangalore-based global infrastructure major said during the course of the State visit of the Prime Minister Narendra Modi's to Japan, the company signed a memorandum of understanding with Japan Bank for International Cooperation (JBIC) for providing financial assistance to Japanese companies investing in Infrastructure projects of GMR Group.
The objective of this MOU is to provide low cost long duration financing for infrastructure development projects that involve Japanese companies in development of industrial parks, power, energy, ports, airports, highways and railway projects.
Over the next 12 months, GMR and JBIC will work on identifying projects to attract Japanese investments.
02:20pm Lanco Infra to sell more power plants
Debt-ridden Lanco Infra is in talks to its Babandh power plant in Odisha as the company looks to ease its balance sheets, say sources.
The company is eyeing a valuation of Rs 3500 crore for the power plant that has a total capacity of 1320 MW. The plant that sources its fuel from Mahanadi Coalfields Ltd & Captive Coal Mine at Rampia has all major clearances in place.
Sources claim Adani and Jindal Steel and Power Limited (JSPL) are among the companies eyeing this sale. Adani Group refained from commenting on this development.
Lanco Infra has a debt of Rs 34,297 crore and has been trying to offload its assets. Less than a month ago the company sold its 1200 MW Udupi Power plant in Karnataka to Adani Power for over Rs 6,000 crore.
02:10pm Kingfisher in News
The Supreme Court today refused to entertain a petition filed by Kingfisher Airlines against being declared as wilful defaulter, saying it has become infructuous as the Grievance Redressal Committee of Union Bank of India has already passed an order.
"Your grievance has been, that Grievance Redressal Committee (GRC) should not decide the matter but they had already decided it, therefore your plea is infructuous" a bench comprising justices A R Dave and U U Lalit said.
The Kingfisher Airlines had alleged that the order by GRC was passed yesterday, ignoring the plea that the director should be allowed to be represented through lawyers.
However, after the bench said that the plea has become infructuous, the airline counsel submitted that they would challenge the GRC order before the concerned High Court.
State-run United Bank of India yesterday became the first lender to declare debt-ridden Kingfisher Airlines and its promoter Vijay Mallya as wilful defaulters, reports PTI.
02:00pm Bulls are not ready to give a single chance to bears for the second consecutive session today. The 50-share NSE Nifty hit another milestone of 8100-mark in afternoon trade supported by HDFC, HDFC Bank, ITC and Bharti Airtel.
The index surged 71.50 points to 8099.20 and the 30-share BSE Sensex rose 208.46 points to 27076.01 while the BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices gained 1 percent each.
About 1777 shares have advanced, 1079 shares declined, and 119 shares are unchanged.
UR Bhat of Dalton Capital expects the Nifty to be rangebound between 7700 and 8200 over the next 6-12 months, even as the market is in the midst of a multi-year bull run.
In an interview with CNBC-TV18, he said there was a new-found confidence among Indian corporates.
13:00

See Nifty rangebound for 6-12 months  avoid PSU banks: Dalton08:00 am
UR Bhat of Dalton Capital expects the Nifty to be rangebound between 7700 and 8200 over the next 6-12 months, even as the market is in the midst of a multi-year bull run.
In an interview with CNBC-TV18’s Latha Venkatesh and Sonia Shenoy, he said there was a new-found confidence among Indian corporates.
He is bullish on private sector banks and engineering companies. He recommends staying away from PSU banks as they are saddled with bad loans and do not have enough capital.
Below is the verbatim transcript of the interview:
Q: Up until 7,800, people were talking about caution and a deep correction. At 8,000 people are not talking about so much caution, Anuj Singhal was telling us that the market is relatively less hedged, is this a right stance to take, is it that the economy is genuinely turning or for the moment is it preparing for a big shock?
A: The indications that things are getting better whether it is the gross domestic product (GDP) growth rate that we saw for Q1 or even exports that we saw, inflation is at least not rising, probably mildly following the balance of payments is very good. The fiscal deficit also seems to be under control, everything seems to be falling in place plus also the corporate India has new enthusiasm, new confidence that things are changing and they are just short of announcing new investment plans, which is the ultimate test for a bull market. All that is happening.
Also, the fact is that the last quarter corporate results are also not bad except a couple of them. Most of them were reasonably outright. So there is a new found confidence that India is in the move and that is what is taking the market up and nothing suggests that there needs to be a U-turn on this. Therefore, market should start going up but may not be at one shot. It will stabilise over here, maybe a small correction here and there but it is on the path to probably 8,200 pretty soon.
Q: There is new found confidence in the entire cyclical basket as well, be it capital goods, be it banks etc. What are the stocks or what are the sectors that you would now be recommending to investors who have still not piled on to cyclicals?
A: In cyclicals, one needs to take a look at the engineering companies, the EPC contractors -- of course, the private sector banks are certainly going to be there plus in the old sort of defensives, pharmaceutical seems to be a good place but in the cylical space, EPC, engineering, infrastructure, metals and mining are worth watching for sometime but if the Supreme Court (SC) gives the right cues, that should look quite good. These are the sort of sectors one needs to be bullish on if one believes that this new-found confidence will take us further.
Q: Did you read the early arguments made by the Attorney General in the court? They have requested the court for 46 blocks to be not de-allocated, the rest they don’t mind and also they have suggested that a penalty would be in order. Do you think that things are getting sorted out without too much of a disruption?
A: Absolutely, we need to put a lid on to all these controversies. Some wrongs might have been done but they can always be addressed through penalties and that is what they are suggesting. Plus, if you say everything is illegal and you cancel all the allocations then we start all over again, what happens to projects that are already half way down there and have already started producing? That is a very sensible thing that the Attorney General has suggested and if there is a new auction other than those which are already under production or very close to production, that is the right way to go. That is a very sensible approach to this problem, which has been hanging for too long.
Q: The other big internal we have this morning is the way the auto sales have picked up especially the medium and heavy commercial vehicle (MHCV) sales. Within that space, what would your preference be now considering that so many of the stocks have already rallied so much?
A: They have rallied but these are the early indications that the economy is getting back into shape especially the HCVs because the two-wheelers and the passenger cars are doing well for quite sometime now but the HCV is the best indicator that there is confidence to buy new commercial vehicles. So I think they are the ones which are doing better, you can see the growth numbers, the stocks which are able to grow their sales much faster, they are the ones you need to be invested in. Valuation is always an argument, the best stocks you will never get cheap but if you have that confidence that the market is going to give you good returns, they are the stocks incrementally that will give you even better returns. Therefore, this valuation is not exactly great argument when in bull markets and we are in one.
RELATED NEWS

See Sensex at 30K by next Aug; like autos  banks: Nomura08:00 am
Prabhat Awasthi, Head of Equities & MD, India Nomura Financial Advisory sees Sensex at 30,000 in 12-months time on the back of earnings growth momentum. He says there is no reason to become structurally negative on India right now.
Benchmark indices markets continued their winning streak for the eighth straight session with Nifty breaching the 8,050-mark for the first time in trade on Tuesday, and the Sensex surging to new life-time highs of 26,932.67 boosted by positive economic growth data for the April-June quarter .
Awasthi expects market to re-rate on inflation and growth based tailwinds. In fact, he believes the recent election-led euphoria discounts the expectations of pick up in growth.
Nomura has upgraded autos and industrials to overweight from earlier rating of underweight. Awasthi continues to prefer financials over other domestic plays and in that his top pick is ICICI Bank , followed by  Axis Bank and SBI . He also likes GAIL , Coal India , Container Corp , Tata Motors ,  L&T and HCL Tech .
Below is the transcript of Prabhat Awasthi's interview to CNBC-TV18’s Latha Venkatesh and Sonia Shenoy
Latha: We are at 8,050 and still counting. Is this market breaching all the targets that you experts gave it much earlier than you thought?
A: Our target on 12 months basis is now at 30,000, which is still about 10 percent away from here or slightly more—12-13 percent on about 11 month basis. So, we generally are still constructive. But clearly there have been data points, which give you reason to be cheerful about India. The growth numbers are definitely looking better than expected. The signs that the overall macro stability with the growth will work very much in favour of the market is clearly positive. Globally, India is looking very attractive in terms of both growth paradigm and also from the long-term structural policy perspective. So there is no reason to become structurally negative or anything, we will remain positively biased over the longer-term.
Latha: Your economist Sonal Verma has called for 6 percent gross domestic product (GDP) growth this year and if I am not mistaken it is at 6.7 percent for the next year. Have you drilled it down into earnings growth? Have you revised your earnings growth forecast for the current year itself, is there a big bounce you are expecting in FY16?
A: If you look at the earnings forecast for this year, they are closer to 15 percent growth, which is not that much away from 6 percent GDP growth. In fact, 5 percent GDP growth will probably correspond to 10 percent number. I am just hypothecating and I would think a 5 percent GDP growth should maintain to 12 percent growth in toplines, which will not result in 15 percent growth in general. So consensus forecast are not way off the mark compared to 6 percent GDP growth. That is because analysts continue to make changes in their forecast as the numbers come on quarterly basis and they sort of continue to keep up-to-date. The next year forecast could have upside but currently the numbers are closer to 16 percent, they could go up a couple of percentage point from here but it is still early days to take a call on that. But if the recovery does remain as strong as we expect, there might be some hope for earnings in FY16.
Sonia: I was noticing your long-only basket of stocks and you have made a lot of money in the last move, there is Havells India, Larsen and Toubro (L&T), Maruti, Tata Motors, Dabur all stocks that have been hitting new highs, how does one position their portfolio? Do you increase weightage on some of these cyclical pockets like autos and capital goods or do you still continue to hold defensives like IT?
A: The portfolio construction is a matter of two things. One is the fundamental call that you have and along with that you have to balance the valuation picture. While we generally are quite positive on India’s prospects, we also have to recognise the fact that there are sectors, which are also growing, which are not necessarily play on India. For example, IT is doing well because US economy is picking up and our expectation is that the volume growth will remain strong and with respect to that the valuations still do not look expensive to us.
That is a very clear call. It is a fundamental call based on what our analysts think, based on what we think in terms of the valuations with respect to the market and therefore we are comfortable holding IT here.
If you had gone one to one and a half year back, if you would have seen our portfolio, we had IT, pharma and consumer as overweights. Over a period of time, we have shifted that position completely in favour of domestic cyclicals starting first with consumers about one and a half years ago to underweight.
The portfolio does reflect a lot of positive bias for improving domestic fundamentals but that doesn’t take away the fact that there could be sectors, which are not necessarily driven off India which are still reasonably priced and may perform as well as the market going forward.
Moneycontrol view question: Should retail investors invest in divestment candidates like Coal India & ONGC?
A: Public sector undertakings (PSUs) in general, in a strong government, definitely are not bad choice to invest in and if you do get a discount on valuation when it is probably even more positive. So there is nothing wrong in investing in disinvestment especially if you have a very strong government at the centre which is looking at reforming the entire decision-making process across all spectrums of government, be it at the government level or at PSU level. So there could be value.
RELATED NEWS

No relief for Kingfisher Airlines  SC doesn t restrain Union Bank from declaring it a wilful defaulter#kingfisher airlines #sc #union bank of india #kfa #grievance redressal committee
New Delhi: In a setback for the Kingfisher Airlines, the Supreme Court on Tuesday refused to restrain the Union Bank of India from declaring it a wilful defaulter. "Now that you have been declared a defaulter, you can challenge it in any court," the SC said.
The KFA had approached the SC saying that Union Bank of India be restrained from declaring KFA a wilful offender. The Bank had on Monday declared debt-ridden Kingfisher Airlines and its promoter Vijay Mallya as wilful defaulters.
"We have declared Vijay Mallya and three other directors of Kingfisher Airlines as wilful defaulters," United Bank of India Executive Director Deepak Narang had said.
The Grievance Redressal Committee (GRC) of the bank has declared directors Ravi Nedungadi, Anil Kumar Ganguly and Subash Gupte as wilful defaulters.
Post this declaration, these persons and the entity would not be able to borrow from the bank in future. They would also lose Director-level positions in companies. Criminal proceeding could also be initiated against these persons if warranted.
The GRC meeting was convened on Monday after a Calcutta High Court division bench allowed the bank to initiate the process of declaring them as wilful defaulters last week. The GRC had asked directors to be present before it but no one turned up.
Instead, they had sent a letter through their lawyer stating that they had filed a Public Interest Litigation (PIL) in Supreme Court and pending the judgement
the bank should not proceed in this regard.
The Kolkata-based bank is the first PSU lender to initiate the process of declaring Vijay Mallya and three other directors of the grounded Kingfisher Airlines as wilful defaulters a couple of months ago.
Subsequently, other banks such as State Bank of India, IDBI Bank and Punjab National Bank have also initiated the process of declaring KFA and its directors as wilful defaulters.
The bank's exposure to Kingfisher Airlines was around Rs 350 crore as part of consortium led by State Bank of India. The consortium of 17 banks, has an outstanding debt of about Rs 4,022 crore from the now-grounded carrier and outside the consortium, the bank gave about Rs 60 crore loan for Pre-Delivery payment.
Post this declaration, these persons and the entity would not be able to borrow from the bank in future. They would also lose Director-level positions in companies. Criminal proceeding could also be initiated against these persons if warranted.

Sensex breaches 27 000-mark; Nifty at record high of 8 076#sensex #nifty #markets #stocks #shares
Mumbai: The BSE Sensex on Tuesday rose by 151 points to surpass the 27,000-mark for the first time and Nifty hit the record 8,100-level on buying by foreign funds triggered by narrowing CAD and better-than-expected growth.
Continuing its surge for the eighth day, the BSE Sensex hit a fresh life-time high of 27,082.85 in early trade. The barometer settled at all time closing high of 27,019.39, up by 151.84 points, or 0.57 per cent, over previous close.
It took 40 trading sessions from July 7 to September 2 to reach the psychological 27,000-level from 26,000.
Among the 30-Sensex stocks - Cipla, Bharti Airtel, Sun Pharma, Dr Reddy, SBI, Axis Bank, HDFC Bank, HDFC Ltd, Maruti Suzuki, HeroMoto Corp, Bajaj Auto, were the major contributors to the indices.
The NSE Nifty crossed the key 8,100-mark to hit all-time intra-day high of 8,101.95. However, profit-booking at record levels trimmed part of gains and Nifty closed at 8,083.05 points, up by 55.35 points, or 0.69 per cent.
Brokers said sentiment bolstered on the back of continued capital inflows, driven by positive economic data.
The Current Account Deficit narrowed sharply to 1.7 per cent of GDP while economic growth rose to two-and-a-half year high of 5.7 per cent in the April-June quarter. The market also got a boost after Japan on Monday announced doubling of its private and public investment in India to about USD 34 billion over the next five years, they said.
Foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) bought shares worth Rs 554.14 crore on Monday.
Cipla, which launched a generic drug for asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease in Germany and Sweden, was the biggest gainer among Sensex stocks. It soared by 5.23 per cent.
Other Sensex components which supported the key indices to hit fresh life-time high were Bharti Airtel (4.24 per cent), Sun Pharma (2.50 per cent), HDFC Bank (2.01 per cent), ONGC (1.15 per cent) and ITC Ltd (1.28 per cent).
Buying activity in small and midcap also gathered momentum, with the BSE smallcap rising by 0.91 per cent and midcap index by 0.84 per cent.

Expect pullback in crude: Navneet DamaniLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Expect pullback in crude: Navneet Damani
Watch the interview of Navneet Damani of Motilal Oswal Commodities Broker with Ekta Batra and Reema Tendulkar on CNBC-TV18. He spoke about the current trend in commodities markets.
Post your opinion here

Maruti Suzuki India to open bookings for Ciaz from tomorrowSep 02, 2014, 02.25 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Maruti Suzuki India to open bookings for Ciaz from tomorrow
Ciaz will be available in petrol and Diesel fuel options powered by a 1.4 litre and 1.3 litre engines respectively.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Maruti Suzuki India to open bookings for Ciaz from tomorrow
Ciaz will be available in petrol and Diesel fuel options powered by a 1.4 litre and 1.3 litre engines respectively.
Post your opinion here
 
Seeking to make a mark in the big car segment, the country's largest car maker Maruti Suzuki .
India will open bookings of its upcoming mid-sized sedan Ciaz from tomorrow.
Ciaz will be available in petrol and Diesel fuel options powered by a 1.4 litre and 1.3 litre engines respectively.
"The global launch of Ciaz is planned during the forthcoming festival season," the company said in a statement.
Also read: See cheer returning to autos this festive season: Experts
Ciaz' main competitors will be Honda City, priced between Rs 7.19 lakh and Rs 11.05 lakh, and Hyundai Verna tagged between Rs 7.39 lakh and Rs 11.72 lakh (ex showroom Delhi).
The company claims that Ciaz diesel has a fuel efficiency of 26.21 kmpl while petrol delivers a mileage of 20.73 kmpl.
The new model will replace the SX4 sedan, which had limited success. MSI has been trying hard to gain greater presence in the bigger car segment.
Last month, MSI's total sales grew by 26.9 percent at 1,10,776 units as against 87,323 units  in August last year. Domestic sales during the month stood at 98,304 units, up 29.3 percent from 76,018 units in August of previous year.
The sales growth was driven mainly by compact cars comprising Swift, Estilo, Celerio, Ritz and Dzire, which were at 46,759 units in August as against 30,512 units in the year-ago month, up 53.2 percent.
Maruti Suzuki stock price
On August 22, 2014, Maruti Suzuki India closed at Rs 2884.35, down Rs 17, or 0.59 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 2963.70 and the 52-week low was Rs 1278.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 96.45 per share as per the quarter ended March 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 29.91. The latest book value of the company is Rs 694.45 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 4.15.
RELATED NEWS

Buy Just Dial  may touch Rs 1740: Manas JaiswalLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy Just Dial, may touch Rs 1740: Manas Jaiswal
Manas Jaiswal of manasjaiswal.com recommends buying Just Dial at the current levels as the stock may touch Rs 1740.
Post your opinion here
Halftime Report
Manas Jaiswal of manasjaiswal.com told CNBC-TV18, " Just Dial made a high on Rs 1,894 last month and thereafter we have witnessed some correction. The stock has taken support near to 50 day moving average and bounced back sharply. Oscillators are showing positive crossover."
"Just Dial can recover and it can test Rs 1,740, that is 50 percent retracement level fall from Rs 1,894-1,586. So one can buy it at current levels and keep a stoploss below Rs 1,640," he said.
RELATED NEWS

GMR Infra rises 3%  signs MoU with Japanese bank JBICSep 02, 2014, 01.55 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
GMR Infra rises 3%, signs MoU with Japanese bank JBIC
GMR Infrastructure signed a memorandum of understanding with Japan Bank for International Cooperation (JBIC) for providing financial assistance to Japanese companies investing in Infrastructure projects of GMR Group.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
GMR Infra rises 3%, signs MoU with Japanese bank JBIC
GMR Infrastructure signed a memorandum of understanding with Japan Bank for International Cooperation (JBIC) for providing financial assistance to Japanese companies investing in Infrastructure projects of GMR Group.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of GMR Infrastructure climbed as much as 3 percent on Tuesday on signing memorandum of understanding (MoU) with Japanese bank for financial assistance.
 
The Bangalore-based global infrastructure major said during the course of the State visit of the Prime Minister Narendra Modi's to Japan, the company signed a memorandum of understanding with Japan Bank for International Cooperation (JBIC) for providing financial assistance to Japanese companies investing in Infrastructure projects of GMR Group.
The objective of this MOU is to provide low cost long duration financing for infrastructure development projects that involve Japanese companies in development of industrial parks, power, energy, ports, airports, highways and railway projects.
Over the next 12 months, GMR and JBIC will work on identifying projects to attract Japanese investments.
This will serve to improve infrastructure in India and support development of the necessary foundation for Japanese companies’ business activities in India, it added.
It is estimated that there is a requirement for investment of about USD 1 trillion in the infrastructure sector in India during the current 12th five-year plan period (2012 to 2017) and private sector investment is expected to play an important role in the field.
At 13:50 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 26.15, up Rs 0.40, or 1.55 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

100 days of Modi government: The good and the not so good#narendra modi #narendra modi government #nda #bjp #modi government 100 days #tracking the modi government
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi assumed power on May 26, 2014 after piloting the Bharatiya Janata Party-led National Democratic Alliance to a massive victory in the Lok Sabha elections. Modi's ascendancy was a monumental shift in Indian politics as it was the first time that a non-Congress leader had managed to take over as the Prime Minister of India as the head of a single party which enjoyed majority in the Lok Sabha.
During his entire election campaign Modi had promised 'achhe din' (better days). He had claimed that under his rule the country would progress much faster, corruption would come down, India would deal with neighbours who create trouble at the borders with a firm hand, an equitable and just society and most importantly a government that would listen to the common people.
ALSO SEE Poll: Rate 100 days of Modi government
While 100 days is too small a timeframe to judge a government which has won the mandate to rule India for 5 years, there have been some decisions and incidents since May 26 which show that Modi indeed means business while others reveal that he also needs to guard against certain pitfalls.
There have been some decisions and incidents since May 26 which show that Modi indeed means business while others reveal that he also needs to guard against certain pitfalls.
So how has the government performed in its first 100 days in power? Find out the details in exclusive findings of the CNN-IBN-Today's Chanakya survey conducted across 14 cities of India.
ALSO SEE See: What Modi's family feels about his government
Decisions/ steps which show Modi government in a positive light:
1) Quick decision making and austerity measures: Within days of assuming power the Modi government scrapped 19 Groups of Ministers and eight Empowered Groups of Ministers. The rationale behind doing away with these bodies was to ensure fast decision making. Planning Commission, which for the over six decades has been the apex body deciding distribution of resources, has also been shut down. Taking his mission to have less government and more governance Modi has directed the ministers and top bureaucrats to put in all their efforts in reviving the faltering economy and business confidence. Late comers have been taken to task by several ministers many of whom have been putting in more than 12 hours in their offices. Any purchase of more than Rs 1 lakh need approval from the PMO. Ministers have been directed not to buy new cars while foreign tours have been curtailed. No minister can have his/her relative as a personal secretary while Modi himself decides on the top secretaries in all the ministries.
ALSO SEE Opinion poll on Modi government
2) Reaching out to neighbours: All SAARC nation heads were invited for the Modi government swearing-in which sent out a strong signal that the NDA government was keen on engaging with India's neighbours. Modi visited Bhutan and also became the first Indian Prime Minister to visit Nepal in 17 years. Modi has also visited Japan to strengthen historical and business ties.
3) Initiative for model villages: Modi has announced several steps to make India's villages self sufficient and clean. A toilet in every home is one of the steps that can go a long way in making our villages a better place to live. During the Independence Day speech Modi asked MPs to build toilets for girls and women using their MPLAD funds.
4) Digital India: In a bid to ensure speedy delivery of services, Modi has initiated steps to create will a digital cloud and digital locker. Attestation of documents by gazetted officers has been stopped and self -attestation introduced. In the Union Budget 2014-15, the government announced the plan to build 100 'Smart' cities and allotted Rs 7,060 crore in the Union Budget.
5) Using social media to improve governance: Modi is an avid social media user and has ensured that his government and ministers, too, have become active on them. Twitter has become the primary source of information about government plans and schemes.
6) Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana: This scheme has the potential to really define the working of the NDA government. Modi has promised that his government will ensure every citizen has a bank account and launched the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana. On the very first day, a massive 1.5 crore bank accounts were opened across the country.
7) Namami Ganga: This river is the most sacred in India and Modi represents Varanasi in the Lok Sabha which is on the banks of Ganga. In a bid to clean up the Ganga Rs 2,037 crore have been allotted. A NRI fund for conservation of Ganga will also be set up.
8) Bullet trains: Railway Minister DV Sadananda Gowda has proposed a bullet train on the Mumbai-Ahmedabad route. Foreign direct investment cap has been raised to 100% for railways in a bid to improve the creaking infrastructure. The idea of bullet train has caught the fancy of India which has a slow and dangerous railway system. During Modi's visit Japan has decided to fund bullet trains and will provide financial, technical and operational support for the same.
9) Defence: India is the largest importer of arms and ammunition in the world. In spite of having a large military equipment manufacturing complex, Indian forces still have several obsolete weapons systems. The government has raised FDI to 49% for defence projects. Modi has already dedicates India's largest warship INS Vikramaditya, an aircraft carrier, and the largest indigenously built warship INS Kolkata to the nation even though these were finalised during the previous UPA regime.
10) Tackling black money: A special investigation team headed by Justice (retired) MB Shah to unearth black money has been set up.
Decisions/ steps which show Modi government in a negative light:
1) Debate over Article 370: An unnecessary controversy erupted when Minister of State in PMO Jitender Singh said that the government was willing to debate Article 370 which grants special status to Jammu and Kashmir. After facing criticism the Minister of State for Jome Kiren Rijiju told in the Lok Sabha that there was no plan to repeal Article 370.
2) Union Budget: A lot was expected from the Union Budget presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley. While it was a balanced budget, but there were no major announcements on kick starting the economy. There were no tax reforms and no clarity on retrospective taxes.
3) Inflation: Prices of essential commodities are still high and a poor monsoon will put more strain on Indian economy. If rains fail then prices are likely to shoot up again putting the government in a tight spot once again.
4) Controversy over Smriti Irani and Nihalchand: While Union HRD Minister Smriti Irani was targeted for providing wrong information about her educational qualification, Minister of Chemicals and Fertilizers Nihalchand Meghwal's name came up in a rape case.
In her affidavit filed during the 2004 Lok Sabha elections, Irani had claimed that her qualifications was Bachelor of Arts (BA) which she passed in 1996 from DU's School of Correspondence. But in the 2014 she mentioned her educational qualification as "Bachelor of Commerce Part I, School of Open Learning (Correspondence), University of Delhi - 1994."
On the other hand Nihalchand was named in a rape case along with 16 others in an FIR by a 24-year-old married woman from Jaipur.
5) Promotion of Hindi and language bias row in UPSC Civil Services exam: Modi government's decision to promote Hindi as the medium of communication on social media came in for a lot of criticism from non-Hindi speaks states and regional parties. Celebrating Sanskrit week in CBSE schools, too, became a bone of contention. Then came the alleged bias against Hindi and regional languages in UPSC Civil Services examination. The Centre's decision to not count marks of eight questions related to English comprehension in the Civil Services Aptitude Test (CSAT) paper was seen as succumbing to the Hindi language lobby.
6) Judicial Accountability Bill: Modi government's decision to scrap the collegium system and pass the Judicial Standards and Accountability Bill which will put in place a new method to appoint and elevate High Courts and Supreme Court judges were not to the liking of the judiciary. The new system is seen as interference by the government in judicial process.
7) Transfer/sacking of governors: Whenever there is a change in the Centre, the governors are the first casualty and this time also it was no different. The Centre transferred and also hinted at several UPA appointed governors to resign which led to a lot of accusation and counter accusation.
8) Border tension: The government has failed to stop ceasefire violations by Pakistan at the Line of Control and International Border in Jammu and Kashmir. There have been an almost daily instance of firing from Pakistan's side and some Indian soldiers and civilians have been killed. Chinese soldiers also intruded into the Indian territory in the Ladakh area, showing that the "act tough" stand of the Centre is yet to make much difference.
The Modi government also called off Foreign Secretary-level talks after some Kashmiri separatists leaders from Hurriyat met Pakistan High Commissioner Abdul Basit.

Poll: Rate 100 days of Modi governmentBhupinder Singh Hooda refuses giving any undue advantage to DLF 2 days ago
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

J&K: 3 terrorists killed in encounter with security forces in PulwamaDelhi Jal Board starts trial run of interceptor sewage project 17 hours 10 minutes ago
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Just like  Made in Japan   want to turn  Made in India  into a brand: PM Modi to investors#narendra modi #modi japan visit #japan #japanese investors #tracking the modi government
New Delhi: In a bid to woo Japanese investors, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday assured them there was no red tapism but only red carpet in India. Giving a key note address at Japan-India Association event hosted by Jetro and Nikkei, Modi said, "Like 'Made in Japan', we aim to turn 'Made in India' into a brand."
Modi also assured that the Indian government has eased a lot of regulations for trade. "I have come to assure you that there is no Red Tape but Red Carpet in India. We have eased off lot of regulations," he said.
ALSO SEE Live: No red tapism only red carpet in India, PM Modi assures Japanese investors
In a fully-packed hall, Modi told investors that there was no better place for Japanese investors than India. "India is the only place which has democracy, demography and brain at one place. I have come here to assure you that if you have to look anywhere outside Japan, you do not need to look here or there."
Praising the quality of Japanese products, Modi recalled, "When I was young, if it was said 'Made in Japan' we did not have to think twice. We would buy the product."
Highlighting his government's effort to promote small scale industries, Modi said, "We want to encourage and invite SMEs, small scale industries. India has a government that is working on development and aims to increase manufacturing."
As Japan agreed to invest 3.5 trillion yen in a 5-year period in India under India-Japan Investment Promotion Partnership, Modi said, "Like India has a 'Look East' Policy it seems Japan has 'Look at India' policy."
Recalling his experience during his visit to Japan as the Gujarat chief minister, Modi said, "I tried to replicate Japan's model of governance in Gujarat when I was the chief minister."

Celebrity nude photos leak: It s time to change some important settings on your smartphone#online security #hacking #auto backup #smartphones
New Delhi: Nude photos purportedly showing many top stars took the Internet by storm. Word of the images began spreading early Sunday and multiple reports suggest that the photos had been obtained by hacking into iCloud accounts. Apple says it is investigating whether any iCloud accounts had been tampered with.
Cybersecurity experts speculate that hackers may have obtained a cache of private celebrity images by exploiting weaknesses in an online image-storing platform.
This latest incident again brings to light the fact that our images and data no longer just reside on the devices capturing them but are also uploaded to the cloud. And even we may believe that he data posted on our online accounts is under our control, in reality that control and privacy is only imaginary. There have been numerous incidents in the recent past for us to remain sceptical about the security of our online data.
Experts speculate that hackers may have obtained a cache of private celebrity images by exploiting weaknesses in an online image-storing platform.
As our phones are getting smarter and the Internet connectivity is getting speedier more and more applications urge us to backup the photos we click and other content automatically online.
While such features might come in very handy when trying to access the content from other places or when a device is lost or damaged, your data remains retrievable from the cloud and not only by you. This is the potential cost attached, that these celebrities and so many others have would have realised.
This makes it now even more important to revisit the settings of different apps on your phones and other devices to check what content is being automatically backed up and to think and take an informed decision on what content you would like to go to a place from where someone else can potentially access it.
With iPhone photos, for instance, if you have Photo Stream turned on, that means you are storing your photos on iCloud. Check your settings under iCloud. On Android phones, check the Auto Backup settings under Google+ in Google settings.
If you don't want your photos and documents stored online, there are other ways to store information, including using an external hard drive or your device's own storage.
Better safe than sorry.

D-Street cheers GDP growth but cautions tough road aheadHi Guest
D-Street cheers GDP growth but cautions tough road ahead
The uptick in growth during the first quarter of FY15 has been driven by a sharp jump in community, social and personal services, says Malini Bhupta. India's economic growth expanded by 5.7 per cent in the June quarter, taking the Street by surprise, as consensus estimates pegged it at 5.5 per cent. Consensus is that FY14 saw India's economic growth hit rock bottom and the first quarter numbers hold promise. While the market believes there are upside risks, few are rushing to upgrade the full ...

Sensex holds 27 000  Nifty hits 8 100Hi Guest
Markets hit record highs; Sensex ends above 27,000
Benchmark share indices ended at record closing highs and the Sensex ended above 27,000 for the first time after the country's balance of payments remained in surplus for the third straight quarter during April-June 2014. The 30-share Sensex ended up 152 points at 27,019 after hitting a record 27,082.85 and the 50-share Nifty closed 55 points at 8,083 after hitting a record high of 8,101.95. India’s current account deficit for this financial year’s first quarter, April to June, ...

GMR Infrastructure signs MoU with Japan Bank for International CorporationGMR Infrastructure signs MoU with Japan Bank for International Corporation
Corporate : CRISIL reaffirms  A1  rating to Commercial Paper of PC JewellerCorporate : CRISIL reaffirms  A1  rating to Commercial Paper of PC Jeweller
Unease over Sathasivam s appointment as Kerala GovernorKerala uneasy over an ex-CJI in Raj Bhavan
KPM Basheer
Legal, political circles in a tizzy about reports of Sathasivam’s appointment as governor
Kochi, Sept 2:  
He would be the first former Chief Justice of India in the republic’s history to occupy a Raj Bhavan if P. Sathasivam’s appointment as the new governor of Kerala is inked by the President of India.
And, the former head of the Supreme Court will be administered the oath of office by the Chief Justice of Kerala High Court.
No one in the legal circles had expected that Sathasivam, 65, who hails from Tamil Nadu’s Bhavani area, would take up the governor’s position after serving as the 40th Chief Justice of India.
This has created unease both in the legal circles and the political establishment across the country.
In Kerala, Chief Minister Oommen Chandy, Home Minister Ramesh Chennithala and Congress State president VM Sudheeran have openly expressed their displeasure—of course, for not consulting the State government beforehand.
Even the BJP leaders are not enthused—they would have loved to see a senior party leader replacing Sheila Dikshit, who has put in her papers after serving as Kerala Governor for just five months.
Particularly when the octogenarian O. Rajagopalan, the seniormost BJP leader in Kerala who unsuccessfully contested the last Lok Sabha election from Thiruvananthapuram, is still waiting around expecting to be accommodated in any of the vacant Raj Bhavans in the country.
State party leaders had taken up his case with the party president, Amit Shah, who was recently in Kerala.
Commentators contend that the appointment would compromise the judiciary’s independence and bring down the judges’ esteem in the public eye. They argue that future CJIs as well as other justices might be tempted to toe the Government’s line hoping for a decent reemployment post-retirement.
For instance, one commentator points out that in the six-member National Judicial Appointments Commission, legislated recently, the government could easily have its way if it can buy the silence of the CJI and two other senior judges of the Supreme Court.
Another contention is that the governorship, which lasts "during the pleasure of the President", is too insignificant a position for a former CJI to hold. Moreover, he would be administered the oath of office by a State Chief Justice!
However, PS Sreedharan Pillai, lawyer and member of the BJP’s national council, told Business Line that already the law requires that retired judges be at the head of many commissions and tribunals, such as the Human Rights Commission and Right to Information Commission.
“Of the 21 Supreme Court judges who had retired since January 2008,” he noted, “18 have been thus re-employed.”
Advocate Kaleeswaram Raj, in a commentary, points out that more than anything else, a CJI taking up the Governor’s position is a question of propriety.
Sathasivam had made a name for himself as a fair judge which he would lose if he accepted the new job. Raj hopes that the ex-CJI would put an end to all the controversies over his appointment by a “bold retreat''.
(This article was published on September 2, 2014)

Amit Shah aims for a big BJP push in KeralaAmit Shah aims for a big BJP push in Kerala
KPM Basheer
Tweet
Kochi, Sept. 2:  
Will Amit Shah do an Uttar Pradesh in Kerala? The BJP leaders in the State, who could not secure a seat in the Assembly or Lok Sabha for the party all these years, are hoping that Shah’s success-at-any-cost strategy will help them reap a good harvest in the local bodies elections next year and the Assembly polls in 2016.
The BJP President’s high-profile two-day visit, his announcement that Kerala would be one of his focus States and his ‘action plan’ for Kerala have revved up the faction-ridden party. Just before Shah’s visit, RSS chief Mohan Bhagat had been here for five days fine-tuning the Sangh, which has the largest number of sakhas in Kerala and which has made deep inroads into the rural areas in recent years. Tuesday’s Statewide hartal, to protest the murder of an RSS activist, is an expression of the new assertiveness of the BJP after Shah’s visit.
A senior BJP leader who attended leaders’ meetings with Shah at Thiruvananthapuram told Business Line that Shah was fully result-oriented in his approach to the party’s electoral future. “Shah told us that Kerala and West Bengal would be his focus States,” the leader, who did not want to be identified by name, said. “I am sure he will do in these two States what he did in UP in the recent Lok Sabha elections.” (His strategy, though controversial, had helped the BJP secure 72 of the 80 seats in UP.)
Shah has asked the Kerala leaders to build up the party from the booth level and to increase the number of booth committees from the current 5000 to 20,000 in a year. Shah instructed them to make next year’s local bodies elections as the BJP’s moment of arrival. Capturing the Thiruvananthapuram municipal corporation should be the first goal (The BJP was No. 2 in the Lok Sabha election). However, he has given no indication of a change of guard to end the infighting in the State unit.
Shah had rejected the idea that the BJP form a political front in the State on the lines of the UDF and LDF, sources said. He had wanted the BJP to stand on its own and contest the elections with the sole aim of winning, and not just to be an also-ran. The party’s action plan in the coming months would be geared to this aim.
MODI WAVE MISSES KERALA
In spite of all the right conditions, the BJP is yet to arrive electorally in Kerala. While the `Modi wave’ hit almost all States in the Lok Sabha election, the party couldn’t secure a single seat. The Sangh Parivar has been trying its best to create a Hindu wave with its temple-centered activities. Most temples and shrines are being renovated; temple festivals are resurrected; and old rituals are reinvented. Several ceremonies and festivities — such as Vinayak Chathurthi and Raakhi Bandhan — which until recently had been alien to Kerala, have made surprise appearances. The middle class has been frequently reminded of its Hindu legacy.
But all this support by the RSS has not so far given the BJP the electoral dividends it desires. Kerala’s demography, with Muslims and Christians making up 45 per cent of the population, is viewed as the main reason. The LDF-or-UDF political preference of the voters and the deep factionalism within the party are among other factors. BJP sources hinted that Shah’s action plan might address these three main issues.
But, will the action plan accelerate the ongoing communal polarisation is anybody’s guess.
(This article was published on September 2, 2014)

Iran unveils new missile  radar systemsIran unveils new missile, radar systems
PTI
Tweet
Tehran, Sept 2:  
Iran has unveiled a new surface-to-air missile and two radar systems it claims will boost the country’s defence capabilities.
Air defence chief Gen. Farzad Esmaili says the missile will enable Iranian forces to “shoot down any hostile target’’, even at high altitudes.
He says the Talash-3, or Endeavor-3 missile was successfully test-fired recently. Esmaili’s speech was broadcast on state TV today.
The general also inaugurated two radar systems, Arash-2, tasked with detecting miniature drones at a distance of 150 kilometres (93 miles) and also Kayhan, said to be capable of detecting cruise missiles and drones.
Tehran regularly announces military advances that cannot be independently verified.
It has surface-to-surface missiles with a range of about 2,000 kilometres (1,250 miles), enough to reach Israel and US military bases in the region.
(This article was published on September 2, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.
Most Popular

Defiance Technologies renamed as Hinduja TechDefiance Technologies renamed as Hinduja Tech
PTI
Tweet
Chennai, Sept 2:  
Hinduja Group company, Defiance Technologies Ltd., engaged in integrated engineering and IT services to automotive and manufacturing sectors, has been renamed as Hinduja Tech Ltd with immediate effect.
As part of the change in name, a new logo was unveiled today, the Chennai-based company said in a statement.
“Our new identity represents a vibrant and agile organisation, consistent with our DNA as a technology solutions provider”, Hinduja Tech Ltd Chairman, Dheeraj Hinduja, said.
“At the same time, it draws inspiration from the rich industry heritage of the Hindujas Group”, he said.
The Hinduja Group is a multi—billion dollar, global business conglomerate with presence in 35 countries.
Chennai—based commercial vehicle maker Ashok Leyland is flagship company of The Hinduja Group.
The company’s subsidiary in the United States and Germany were also renamed Hinduja Tech Inc. and Hinduja Tech Gmbh, respectively.
”..Our new identity provides us the opportunity to bring in a fresh perspective to technology led transformation solutions to Automotive and manufacturing industries” Hinduja Tech Ltd MD and CEO, Subu D Subramanian said.
Hinduja Tech said its new website www.hindujatech.com and all inbound email communication to its employees would continue to be received by intended recipients.
Hinduja Tech serves top global companies including 18 of the Fortune Global 500 companies. It has development centres in Chennai, Bangalore, Pune, Germany.
(This article was published on September 2, 2014)

Supreme Court refuses to entertain Kingfisher Airlines  pleaKingfisher to seek legal remedies as apex court dismisses special leave petition
Giriprakash K
Tweet
Bangalore, Sept 2:  
Kingfisher Airlines has said that it will pursue all legal remedies after the Supreme Court on Tuesday dismissed its special leave petition following United Bank of India declaring the airline's chairman, Vijay Mallya, and three others as willful defaulters.
The Supreme Court observed that the SLIP filed by KFA against UBI seeking legal representation before the grievance redressal committee of the bank had become infructuous as the committee had already made a decision. The court said that it was up to KFA to pursue such legal remedies as are available.
In light of this ruling, the airline in a statement said it will "vigorously challenge the decision of UBI''.
Prakash Mirpuri, Vice-President, Corporate Communications of the UB Group, said the airline as well as its directors strongly deny the allegations of willful default for alleged non-payment of Rs 7.5 crore to the bank.
(This article was published on September 2, 2014)

GMR Infra signs MoU with JBICHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
GMR Infra, JBIC sign MoU for infra sector
Our Bureau
To identify projects over the next one year to attract Japanese investments
Bangalore, Sept 2:  
During Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visit to Japan, GMR Infrastructure signed a memorandum of understanding to provide financial assistance to Japanese companies investing in infrastructure projects of the GMR Group.
Joint effort
According to a statement, the objective of this MoU is to provide low-cost, long-term financing for infrastructure projects that involve Japanese companies. These could be for the development of industrial parks, power, energy, ports, airports, highways and railway projects.
The Japan Bank for International Cooperation (JBIC), through this association, intends to promote opportunities for Japanese companies to participate in infrastructure projects and also support them to lay a foundation in India.
Over the next 12 months, GMR and JBIC will work on identifying projects to attract Japanese investments.
BVN Rao, Business Chairman, Urban-Infrastructure and Highways, GMR, who signed the MoU on behalf of GMR Infrastructure in Tokyo, said: “It is a landmark event and the first deal any bilateral agency has made with a company in the private sector. It is a manifestation of the belief that an international agency like JBIC has in the delivery capabilities of the GMR Group.”
Role expansion
The diversified GMR Group is engaged in the development of infrastucture projects in the public-private partnership mode. And in a sector, which requires a lot of funds, investing in such projects could be attractive to Japanese companies seeking to expand their role in India.
This is also seen to help those looking to create export-oriented manufacturing facilities aimed at the growing markets of Africa. According to the 12th Plan estimates, India requires investment of over $1 trillion in the infrastructure sector.
(This article was published on September 2, 2014)

Alstom T&D bags Rs 55-cr contract from Bhutan hydroelectric projectHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Alstom T&D bags Rs 55-cr contract from Bhutan hydroelectric project
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 2:  
Alstom T&D India has secured a €7-million (Rs 55-crore) contract from Mangdechhu Hydroelectric Project Authority (MHPA), Bhutan, for the supply of power transformers to the 720 MW Mangdechhu hydroelectric project.
In a filing to the stock exchange, Alstom said the work involves, design, supply and commissioning of the generator transformer, shunt reactor and associated equipment for the project. All equipment would be supplied from Alstom T&D India’s manufacturing facility in Naini.
(This article was published on September 2, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.
Audio

Eastern Railway reviews unmanned level crossings safetyEastern Railway reviews unmanned level crossings safety
Our Bureau
Kolkata, Sept 2:  
Eastern Railway has ‘improved’ safety aspects at all 145 unmanned level crossing within its domain.
A ER spokesperson told Business Line that it has deployed a gate keeper at many of these level crossings. However, these “manned” and manually operated level crossings would in future have mechanical devises synchronized with the signalling system for maintaining gates.
“At present, the guards close and open the gates and monitor vehicular traffic violations. ER has also “closed” some of the level crossings or “diverted” traffic to the nearest manned level crossing. In a few cases, it has built a carriage way under the railway tracks.
ER has a total of 994 manned level crossings, the official said.  
(This article was published on September 2, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.

Sensex breaches 27K mark; Nifty at record high of 8 093Sensex breaches 27,000-mark. Pharma, cement, and telecom stocks steal the show
Mumbai, Sept 2:  
Sensex gained 152 points to register a new record high, while Nifty was up 55 points to 8,083.
The benchmark index opened on a positive note at 26888 against the previous close of 26868. It touched a high of 27083 and low of 26886 and closed 27019.
The turnover on BSE was up Rs 3,355 crore against Rs 2,941 crore on Monday.
The market rally was led by cement, telecom and pharma stocks with signs of overall improvement in economy. The fall in current account deficit and dip in the international crude oil prices signalled a positive trend.
Maruti Suzuki India lost 0.09 per cent to Rs 2,913 as the company during market hours said it will open bookings for the mid-sized premium sedan Ciaz from tomorrow. Ciaz will be available in petrol and diesel fuel options.
Coal India fell 0.47 per cent to 365 even as the company said during market hours that the coal production of the company and its subsidiary companies at 34.54 million tonnes in August was 98 per cent of the target.
Current Account Deficit narrowed sharply to $7.8 billion or 1.7 per cent of GDP in June quarter from $21.8 billion or 4.8 per cent of GDP in the same period last year. The lower CAD was primarily on account of a contraction in the trade deficit contributed by a rise in exports and a decline in imports.
The major gainers were Coromandel International (10%), Cipla (5%), Suzlon (5%), Petronet (5%), Bharati Airtel (4%), Grasim (4%), IRB (4%), Jain Irrigation (4%), Century Textile (4%), Titan (4%) and Apollo Tyre (4%).
Prominent losers were Bhushan Steel (-5%), Jindal Steel (-3%), Indian Hotel (-2%) and REC Ltd (-2%).
(This article was published on September 2, 2014)

Sensex breaches 27 000-mark; Nifty at record high of 8 076.60Gold prices dipped below 28k level to close at Rs 27,750
Gold prices dipped below 28k level to close at Rs 27,750 per 10 grams at the bullion market...

CAD comfort for India: 5 top pointsGold prices dipped below 28k level to close at Rs 27,750
Gold prices dipped below 28k level to close at Rs 27,750 per 10 grams at the bullion market...

Your skin is much smarter than you think!Gold prices dipped below 28k level to close at Rs 27,750
Gold prices dipped below 28k level to close at Rs 27,750 per 10 grams at the bullion market...

SC refuses to entertain plea of KFA against being declared as wilful defaulterSC refuses to entertain plea of Kingfisher Airlines against being declared as wilful defaulter
PTI Sep 2, 2014, 02.19PM IST
Tags:
airlines
(KFA had alleged that order…)
NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court today refused to entertain a petition filed by Kingfisher Airlines against being declared as wilful defaulter , saying it has become infructuous as the Grievance Redressal Committee of United Bank of India has already passed an order.
"Your grievance has been, that Grievance Redressal Committee (GRC) should not decide the matter but they had already decided it, therefore your plea is infructuous" a bench comprising justices A R Dave and U U Lalit said.
The Kingfisher Airlines had alleged that the order by GRC was passed yesterday, ignoring the plea that the director should be allowed to be represented through lawyers.
However, after the bench said that the plea has become infructuous, the airline counsel submitted that they would challenge the GRC order before the concerned High Court.
State-run United Bank of India yesterday became the first lender to declare debt-ridden Kingfisher Airlines and its promoter Vijay Mallya as wilful defaulters.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Army finds underground tunnel in KashmirArmy finds underground tunnel in Kashmir
PTI Sep 2, 2014, 02.34PM IST
Tags:
BSF
(Indian Army on Tuesday unearthed…)
JAMMU: A 150 metres long tunnel which was recently discovered ear a forward post along the Indo-Pak border in Jammu region's sensitive Pallanwala sector, was apparently aimed at infiltrating terrorists, Defence spokesperson said here today.
"Having failed to infiltrate terrorists across the Line of Control in the Jammu Division, there was an attempt to construct a tunnel across the Line of Control (to facilitate infiltration)", he said.
The tunnel, which was discovered on 22 August 2014, was approximately 130 to 150 meters in length on own side of the Line of Control (LoC) and originated on the Pakistan Side, spokesman said.
The tunnel was approximately 20 feet below ground level and was four feet high, he added.
A senior Army officer at Udhampur-based Northern Command headquarters felt that tunnel has been dug up with origin from Pakistan with a design probably to push in terrorists and carry out smuggling of weapons and drugs and narcotic substances to keep the pot of militants boiling.
However, we have not got any evidence in this regard so far, the officer said.
The alert Indian Army personnel deployed along the Line of Control in the sector thwarted the nefarious designs of the terrorists and prevented major terrorist incidents by discovering the tunnel before it could be completed, spokesman said.
The alert area domination patrol of the Indian Army noticed a depression in the ground and after investigating the same with ground penetrating radar and other equipment, discovered that the tunnel, he said.
Earlier, Defence Spokesman issued a handout on 23, August, 2014 and said "On 22 Aug 2104, Army personnel deployed in Pallanwala Sector of Jammu District during routine patrolling found a tunnel approximately 50 meters on Indian side of the Line of Control".
"The dimensions of the tunnel is approx two and a half feet wide and three and a half feet high and is leading towards Pakistan Occupied Kashmir (PoK)", Army has claimed at that point of time.
Defence Spokesman said that it appears to be an incomplete tunnel as no exit has been found on the Indian side.
The tunnel found near the Chakla post along LoC in Pallanwala sector, where there was an infiltration bid by armed militants in which one militant was killed and jawan lost his life on July 22, 2014.
As per the officials, Army troops had detected a tunnel in same area in 2008 also.
It may be recalled that on July 27,2012,a Cross-border tunnel was detected after an area caved-in at two or three places due to rains near the BSF's Chillayari Border Out Post (BOP) in Samba district of Jammu and Kashmir . "After the cave-in, the area was dug out to know the reason. But, the authorities were surprised to find a tunnel leading into Samba from Pakistan side.
The tunnel, with a dimension of 3x3-ft, was running between Chillayari BOP and Pakistan's Numberiyal BOP. Dug at a depth of 25-ft below the ground level, it was 400-mt long on the Indian side.
"The tunnel, which seemed to be freshly constructed, had air supply through a 2-inch pipe," he said adding "we are looking into all aspects.
FEATURED ARTICLES

CoalMin seeks status report on 46 blocks fro...Coal Ministry seeks status report on 46 blocks from companies
PTI Sep 2, 2014, 02.12PM IST
Tags:
coal ministry
(Coal Ministry has sought…)
NEW DELHI: The Coal Ministry has sought report on 46 coal blocks from companies, including JSPL, Hindalco, Jayaswal Neco, SAIL and NTPC by tomorrow for furnishing the current status of the mines to the Supreme Court.
The government yesterday told the Supreme Court, which is looking into the allocation of mines, that it "wants re-auction of all 218 coal blocks" while seeking its indulgence to "exempt" 40 of them which are functional and ready for the end use power plants.
"I am directed to say that this ministry is required to file an affidavit before the Supreme Court confirming details of coal blocks which have come under production along with status of linked EUPs (End Use Plants)," the Coal Ministry said in a letter dated September 1 to allocatees of 40 coal blocks which have become operational.
In another letter, it sought similar information from six companies including, NTPC, Jaiprakash Associates and Prism Cement regarding their coal blocks that are expected to begin production in FY'15.
The Ministry further said that "information supplied will form part of the affidavit to be filed by the government before Supreme Court and therefore furnishing any misleading or false information may invite penal action as per law."
The details sought by the Ministry includes, date of allotment of mines, date of grant of mining lease, coal production in the last fiscal, coal production since commencement of mining, details of linked end use plant and investment in the coal block.
The Ministry has asked for details of Jindal Steel and Power Ltd's (JSPL) Gare Palma IV/2&3 coal blocks, Jindal Power's Gare Palma IV/I mine, Jayaswal Neco Ltd's Gare Palma IV/4 coal block, Hindalco Industries Ltd's Talabira-I coal block, Sasan Power's Moher & Moher Amlori Extension and SAIL's Tasra mine, among others.
Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi had yesterday told the Court that "Government stands by the August 25 judgement. We want re-auction of 218 coal blocks. We will be happy if we save some 40 of them which are functional or operational and ready for end use plant."
He had said there was a need for saving 40 coal blocks from "guillotine of cancellation" as uncertainty of coal availability would affect the plants, when the country is facing acute shortage of power supply.
During the hearing, Rohatgi had said that like the 40 operational mines, there are six others which are "absolutely in readiness" to be operational for end use plant and if the verdict has to be strictly followed "all have to be cancelled with one stroke of brush".
FEATURED ARTICLES

Xiaomi Redmi 1S goes out of stock in secondsYou are here: Home > Collections
Xiaomi sells 40,000 Redmi 1S units in 4.2 seconds
ET Bureau Sep 2, 2014, 02.27PM IST
Tags:
android
(Xiaomi Tuesday sold within…)
NEW DELHI: Xiaomi has sold in 4.2 seconds all of its units of the entry-level Redmi 1S smartphone which were offered through a flash sale on Flipkart on Tuesday, continuing a trend that was seen during similar sales for its popular Mi3 device.
However, the delivery time to consumers of Redmi 1S, priced at Rs 5,999, is now much longer than what it was for the Mi 3. Flipkart's Redmi 1S page showed that the smartphone will be delivered in 10-12 days, while the Mi3 was being delivered the next day.
When asked if Xiaomi was facing a supply crunch with Redmi 1S in the country, the company's India head of operations Manu Jain told ET that there was no such issue. "The delivery is being delayed because the company is getting certain freebies such as micro SIM adapter and screen protector from China, which it will ship with the device."
Jain said that co-ordination was taking time since freebies come via a different route and devices from another route, leading to delayed delivery time. "There's a huge pressure on Xiaomi for not meeting the demand in the country, leaving potential buyers unhappy. By offering such freebies, they are trying to fill the trust deficit, which has been created due to lack of supply," said Tarun Pathak, senior analyst-mobile devices and ecosystem at Counterpoint Research. Over 2,50,000 people had registered for the first flash sale of the entry-level Xiaomi device, which had led to the sell off within seconds.
Pathak said that Xiaomi recently became the leading smartphone vendor in China in the second quarter, with its shipments exceeding Samsung for the first time, which means they have the capability to meet the demand in India as well. "This seems a well-planned marketing strategy for putting limited devices on sale."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Cipla soars 9% on inhaler launch; brokers raise TPYou are here: Home > Collections > Cipla
Brokerages raise Cipla's target price post inhaler launch
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 2, 2014, 11.44AM IST
Tags:
Bank of America Merrill Lynch
(Analysts at Emkay Global…)
MUMBAI: The launch of Fluticasone/Salmeterol combination inhaler, a generic version of GSK's Advair MDI (metered dose inhaler), by pharmaceutical major Cipla in Germany and Sweden is seen as a significant development by brokerages.
The launch establishes Cipla as the front runner in combination MDIs as no other generic company has received approval in this category so far. Cipla will be launching the drug in other European countries over the next 12-18 months.
According to brokerages, the ahead of time launch of inhalers will give a strong boost to the company's margins. Most of them have raised their EPS estimates and 12-month target price on the stock.
"We believe this is a significant development for Cipla as it instills the confidence that time has come for the company to monetize its respiratory franchise in the developed markets. We expect launches in more lucrative markets such as the UK (US$432mn), France (US$64mn) and Spain (US$44mn) to follow over the next 12 months," said a Bank of America Merrill Lynch report.
The brokerage is of the view that the global respiratory market is likely to grow from US$36bn to US$50bn in 2018. Cipla can generate US$800mn sales and US$500mn PAT over the next 5-7 years from its respiratory portfolio, if launched successfully.
BofA-ML has increased target price on the stock to Rs 570 per share.
Analysts at Emkay Global Financial Services are of the view that the launch will have a strong positive impact on the company's margins.
The product is likely to be a substitutable version of GSK's Advair. There is limited competition as Mylan seems to be the only other company expecting approval in 1HCY15.
"With 50 per cent generic penetration, 40 per cent price erosion and 25 per cent market share, we believe this can add ~$120 million to Cipla' topline in FY16E with very high margin (~50-60 per cent EBITDA)," the report said.
"We expect earnings to grow at a CAGR of 32 per cent over FY14-16E. We recommend a BUY rating with a target price of Rs 671 (22x FY16E EPS of Rs 30.2)," the report added.
"Launch of generic Advair pMDI in Germany and Sweden is a significant positive. While the combined size of the markets is not material (US$60 mn), these approvals now set the stage for 4QFY15 approval in the UK, which represents the largest market for Advair pMDI in the EU," said a Kotak Securities report.
Kotak Institutional Equities sees several catalysts that promise to reinforce Cipla's positioning in the attractive respiratory generics market, including critical US filings of ProAir HFA, Flovent HFA and Advair HFA.
"We raise our target price to Rs 610 (Rs 600 earlier) as we now build in 100 per cent probability of success for Advair pMDI in EU-5 countries, and see several other triggers to drive further re-rating over the next 12-18 months," the report added.
However, Nomura maintains its 'neutral' rating on Cipla. According to the brokerage, the stock has rallied nearly 38 per cent over the last three months, driven by expectations of the MDI Seretide launch in Europe.
Though positive, the development can't be extrapolated to the entire inhaler universe, it says.
  "We highlight a few challenges: a) Cipla's product as approved under the decentralised process is without a clinical trial and is not 100 per cent bioequivalent; b) price competition from Glaxo in the home market of the UK can't be ruled out; c) in the EU, for DPIs, there is limited clarity on substitutability without clinical trials; and d) for substitutable product, in the US clinical trials would be required," the report said.
Nomura has maintained a target price of Rs 569 on the stock.
At 11:10 am, the stock was at Rs 564.55, up 6.58 per cent, on the BSE. It rallied 8.6 per cent to touch an intraday high of Rs 575.20.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Punj Lloyd to exit Medanta Medicity; stock gains 5%You are here: Home > Collections > Temasek
Punj Lloyd rallies on reports of Medanta Medicity stake sale
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 2, 2014, 10.01AM IST
Tags:
Atul Punj
(The final deal contours…)
NEW DELHI: Punj Lloyd Ltd rallied as much as 4.88 per cent in trade on Tuesday, after media reports suggested that Singapore's state investment company Temasek is negotiating with Atul Punj's flagship Punj Lloyd to buy its minority stake in super specialty hospital Medanta Medicity .
At 09:40 a.m.; Punj Lloyd was trading 3.7 per cent higher at Rs 39.25. It hit a low of Rs 38.80 and a high of Rs 39.70 in trade today.
The divestment will help the diversified engineering and project management major to deleverage its balance sheet and at the same time further consolidate the sovereign investment group's healthcare bets across emerging markets like India, ET reported.
To start with, Punj Lloyd is planning to sell half of its 17 per cent shareholding in Global Health Private Limited (GHPL) - a company which owns, manages and operates the Gurgaon based hospital for around Rs 300 crore, said multiple sources involved.
This will be followed by another structured transaction, wherein, Punj Lloyd will raise additional debt of around Rs 300-Rs 320 crore against its residual 8.5 per cent stake, added the ET report.
After a period of 2-3 years, the former will have the option of paying back the loan and releasing those shares or relinquishing them to Temasek at a future valuation based on the financial matrix of that time.
As per the ET report, the final deal contours are still being worked out but sources add that the negotiations are expected to complete latest by October. Through this transaction, Punj Lloyd is expecting to raise Rs 600-Rs 630 crore.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Strong upmove for Nifty on cards for next 3-5 yrs  | Top 23 midcap stocks to bet onAjay Bodke
("As the cyclical recovery…)
In an interview with RT Now, Ajay Bodke , Head-Investment Strategist & Advisory, Prabhudas Lilladher, shares his view on markets: Excerpts:
ET Now: What is it that you are sensing about which way the market is headed? We are at the top at 8000. Does it seem like the market has a fair chance of consolidating somewhat or correcting a little bit from these levels or does it seem like it is going to be another 100-200-point rally that we have in store?
Ajay Bodke: I would err on side of caution because the market is at an all-time high. At the same time, the momentum seems to be going great guns.
On the valuations front, we are estimating Rs 495 of earnings for Nifty a year from today. At the current level of around 8000 odd, we are trading at roughly 16 point one time one year forward earnings vis-a-vis 14.8 times one year forward earnings for Nifty, if we go back and look at the last 10-year average.
So we are currently trading at about 9% premium to last 10 years average, although I must point out that the earnings that we are looking at, we are at the bottom of the earnings cycle and as the cyclical recovery picks up steam towards the end of the current financial year, one could expect a sharp jump in earnings for FY16.
Hence, I would not be too worried about this 9% premium that I mentioned. The market should be on an up move but it would be a tepid and a measured move from here on in the market in the short term. What is really helping us is the fact that the diesel under recoveries have come down to 8 paisa per litre. We are on the anvil of diesel being deregulated.
The current account deficit has come down sharply to just 1.7% of GDP in the first quarter, trade deficit is down sharply by 31.4% in the first quarter and the stabilisation on the external front, crude prices coming off, macro economy stabilising, fiscal deficit being under control and a strong government giving push to infrastructure sector, the confluence of all these factors will keep India as a darling among emerging markets and the other emerging markets are also suffering from caving in on demand from China. So for the next three to five years, we are in for a very strong upmove but one must be selective in one's choosing of stocks .
FEATURED ARTICLES

Wilful defaulter: Is this end of the road for Vijay MallyaSep 02, 2014, 02.21 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Wilful defaulter: Is this end of the road for Vijay Mallya?
Under law, willful defaulters cannot have access to any further bank funding and neither can companies where they serve as directors.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Wilful defaulter: Is this end of the road for Vijay Mallya?
Under law, willful defaulters cannot have access to any further bank funding and neither can companies where they serve as directors.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
In what would have come as an outright jolt to beleaguered tycoon Vijay Mallya, the  United Bank of India (UBI) yesterday declared him, three associates from his UB group, along with the group's grounded Kingfisher Airlines , as “wilful defaulters”.
The move came after Mallya and his associates failed to turn up for a meeting at the grievance redressal cell of the bank, to which Kingfisher owes about Rs 350 crore.
Mallya and associates had insisted on being accompanied by a lawyer, a request that was denied recently by the Calcutta High Court, which they petitioned soon after they were served a showcause notice asking why they should not be labeled as wilful defaulters.
Under law, willful defaulters cannot have access to any further bank funding and neither can companies where they serve as directors.
The latest development could serve as the final nail in the coffin of the UB empire that Mallya once ruled over, and which now threatens to unravel after Kingfisher Airlines went into a tailspin under a Rs 7,000-crore debt burden.
Since the Kingfisher crisis, Mallya and his UB group, who had personally guaranteed most of the carrier’s debt, have been forced to sell shares in other cash-rich alcohol companies such as  United Breweries (to Heineken) and  United Spirits (to Diageo).
Even as Mallya is no longer the largest shareholder in these firms, he continues to remain chairman and that post could now be under threat following the latest missive by United Bank of India, as these firms could face a funding squeeze if he continues to operate on their boards.
Mallya’s relationship with Diageo is already reportedly stressed and the latter has delayed declaring United Spirits results for two quarters now as the new board is reportedly looking closely into several financial transactions carried out under the previous board.
The move could also claim another UB company, Mangalore Chemical & Fertilizers , in which Mallya and his friend Suraj Poddar’s  Zuari are busy jointly defending against a hostile takeover bid by Pune’s Deepak Fertilizer .
Reports suggest Deepak may now impress upon markets regulator Sebi to disallow Mallya-Zuari’s joint open offer to raise their stakes in MCF, in light of the latest development, and allow its own.
In fact, two annual general meetings, for United Breweries and MCF, are coming up on Thursday.
It remains to be seen how long Mallya’s partners such as Heineken, Diageo or Zuari agree to slug it out with him even as the latest development could potentially directly impact UB businesses in which they have a keen stake.
Today, the Supreme Court rejected Kingfisher’s petition challenging the Calcutta High Court’s move denying legal representation before the UBI cell -- on grounds that it had become infructuous (or invalid) as the bank had already labeled Mallya and associates as wilful defaulters.
The apex court did, however, say that Kingfisher could choose to contest the ‘wilful default’ tag.
It must be noted that the Delhi HC had recently allowed legal representation for the carrier after the Punjab National Bank had issued a showcause notice to the company asking why it should not be declared as a willful defaulter.
United Bank stock price
On August 22, 2014, United Bank of India closed at Rs 45.60, down Rs 0.4, or 0.87 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 61.65 and the 52-week low was Rs 23.40.
The latest book value of the company is Rs 64.81 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company was 0.70.
RELATED NEWS

CoalMin seeks status report on 46 blocks from companiesSep 02, 2014, 02.27 PM IST  | Source: PTI
CoalMin seeks status report on 46 blocks from companies
The Ministry further said that "information supplied will form part of the affidavit to be filed by the government before Supreme Court and therefore furnishing any misleading or false information may invite penal action as per law."
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
CoalMin seeks status report on 46 blocks from companies
The Ministry further said that "information supplied will form part of the affidavit to be filed by the government before Supreme Court and therefore furnishing any misleading or false information may invite penal action as per law."
Post your opinion here
 
The Coal Ministry has sought report on 46 coal blocks from companies, including JSPL , Hindalco , Jayaswal Neco ,  SAIL and  NTPC by tomorrow for furnishing the current status of the mines to the Supreme Court.
The government yesterday told the Supreme Court, which is looking into the allocation of mines, that it "wants re-auction of all 218 coal blocks" while seeking its indulgence to "exempt" 40 of them which are functional and ready for the end use power plants.
"I am directed to say that this ministry is required to file an affidavit before the Supreme Court confirming details of coal blocks which have come under production along with status of linked EUPs (End Use Plants)," the Coal Ministry said in a letter dated September 1 to allocatees of 40 coal blocks which have become operational.
In another letter, it sought similar information from six companies including, NTPC ,  Jaiprakash Associates and  Prism Cement regarding their coal blocks that are expected to begin production in FY15.
The Ministry further said that "information supplied will form part of the affidavit to be filed by the government before Supreme Court and therefore furnishing any misleading or false information may invite penal action as per law."
The details sought by the Ministry includes, date of allotment of mines, date of grant of mining lease, coal production in the last fiscal, coal production since commencement of mining, details of linked end use plant and investment in the coal block.
The Ministry has asked for details of Jindal Steel and Power Ltd's (JSPL) Gare Palma IV/2&3 coal blocks, Jindal Power's Gare Palma IV/I mine, Jayaswal Neco Ltd's Gare Palma IV/4 coal block, Hindalco Industries Ltd's Talabira-I coal block, Sasan Power's Moher & Moher Amlori Extension and SAIL's Tasra mine, among others.
Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi had yesterday told the Court that "Government stands by the August 25 judgement. We want re-auction of 218 coal blocks. We will be happy if we
save some 40 of them which are functional or operational and ready for end use plant."
He had said there was a need for saving 40 coal blocks from "guillotine of cancellation" as uncertainty of coal availability would affect the plants, when the country is facing acute shortage of power supply.
During the hearing, Rohatgi had said that like the 40 operational mines, there are six others which are "absolutely in readiness" to be operational for end use plant and if the verdict has to be strictly followed "all have to be cancelled with one stroke of brush".
RELATED NEWS

NOCIL appoints Dharmishta Narendraprasad Raval as additional directorSep 02, 2014, 02.24 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
NOCIL appoints Dharmishta Narendraprasad Raval as additional director
NOCIL Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on July 31, 2014, has appointed Ms. Dharmishta Narendraprasad Raval as Additional Director pursuant to Section 161 of the Companies Act, 2013.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
NOCIL appoints Dharmishta Narendraprasad Raval as additional director
NOCIL Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on July 31, 2014, has appointed Ms. Dharmishta Narendraprasad Raval as Additional Director pursuant to Section 161 of the Companies Act, 2013.
Post your opinion here
 
NOCIL Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on July 31, 2014, has appointed Ms. Dharmishta Narendraprasad Raval as Additional Director pursuant to Section 161 of the Companies Act, 2013.Pursuant to Clause 49 of the Listing Agreement Ms. Dharmishta N. Raval is Non-Executive Independent Director of the Company.Source : BSE

Lava Pours From Iceland Volcanolava pours from iceland volcano
Prefer Bajaj Auto: Deven ChokseyLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Prefer Bajaj Auto: Deven Choksey
Deven Choksey, CEO of KR Choksey Shares & Securities is of the view that one may prefer Bajaj Auto from the two wheelers space.
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
Deven Choksey, CEO of KR Choksey Shares & Securities told CNBC-TV18, "Volumes numbers are definitely supportive for Bajaj Auto , what is more important now for this company is to deliver on the margin front. They have been successful with the scooter segment where the volume has been on an extremely positive side. However, at the margin front they have not been so successful with vis-a-vis if you look at their peers. So from that perspective if this company start showing better margin performance then certainly it is worth looking at this company once again fresh."
"At current level also even though it has appreciated having said that I would think that Bajaj Auto is favourably placed comparatively. It has not moved up in the market as much as the other stocks have moved up. So technically it has larger headroom as I would call it. At the same time from the fundamentals side, the company is shaping far bigger and better. I would rather think that the Bajaj Auto could be a better choice if the outperformance is to be counted in this particular space of two wheelers in investment portfolio," he said.
RELATED NEWS

Book some profits in Tata Motors: Sanjeev Agarwal02:00 pm
Sanjeev Agarwal, CEO at Dynamix Research & Capital Management told CNBC-TV18, " Tata Motors looks very promising scrip and it has been a very fundamentally sound. If you see in the commercial vehicle, there seems to be a good recovery and if economy improves as expected, commercial vehicle sector will do very well."
"Overall, the stock has moved up quite well. It has been into overweight territory for sometime. One should take partial profit and buy it back on the correction. Overall the stock looks good, one may hold but partial profit booking is always advised," he added.
RELATED NEWS

Buy bright brothers...target 60 in two week time...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

U should mention futures when u are talking abt profit... there r new ...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Short apollo - and book full profit here....chart pattern shows that i...New Member
6 Followers
Short Apollo - and book full profit here....chart pattern shows that it is bullish once correct to 175 levels....short now and buy at 175
In reply to : MMB Messenger message
3.07 PM Sep 2nd

Par as per ur suggestion 82 to aayega na sept series me... maine apke ...Platinum Member
25 Followers
RAZM89, do not worry, rally will touch to any how, but you need to be wait. for more days, stock operator does not go down also.because of me, I sold many more stock more than 20000 on upperside, so he knows that I will start by buy. let us see what he is doing in a September month.
In reply to : razm89 message
3.14 PM Sep 2nd

Canadian infrastructure cos keen to invest in APCanadian infrastructure cos keen to invest in AP
Ch R S Sarma
Tweet
Visakhapatnam, Sept 2:  
Canadian infrastructure companies have gained great expertise in the field and are very keen to participate in the many projects coming up in Andhra Pradesh in the aftermath of bifurcation. It will be mutually beneficial for local companies to tie up with their Canadian counterparts, according to Consul and Senior Trade Commissioner (South India), Stanley Gomes, from the Canadian trade office.
He was addressing local industrialists at an interactive session organised here on Tuesday by the Confederation of Indian Industry.
He said the Canadian pension funds had already invested over $4 billion in the Indian market in infra and real estate projects. Over 650 Canadian companies were active in India, and of them over 100 companies offered infrastructure products and services.
"As Andhra Pradesh is embarked on a mission to build up a new capital and develop several smart cities in the State, Canadian companies would be useful partners in the endeavour. Canada has also developed a very useful public-private partnership (PPP) model for infra projects which could be replicated in the Indian context with suitable modifications," he said.
Ports, airports, infra projects
Visakhapatnam port chairman Krishna Babu said the AP Government was concentrating on building up ports, airports, roads and other infrastructure projects in a big way after bifurcation.
The new capital and supporting infrastructure would have to be built up, and "it opens up very exciting opportunities and avenues for both Indian and Canadian companies to come together and take up some of the projects. The Union Government is also contemplating a special status for AP and therefore it may be the right opportunity."
Port development
Referring to port development in the State, he said both Visakhapatnam and Gangavaram ports - the first in the public sector and the second in the private - were adding to their capacities and capabilities. The other ports such as Kakinada and Krishnapatnam were also on the growth path.
A floating LNG terminal with a capacity of 3.8 million tonnes per annum was being set up at Kakinada and another land-based LNG terminal was under construction at Gangavaram. These projects, along with the Petroleum, Chemical, Petro-chemical Investment Region (PCPIR) coming up between Visakhapatnam and Kakinada and the Visakhapatnam-Chennai industrial corridor, would transform the State.
Krishna Babu said the rail network in the State would have to be improved to expedite the cargo evacuation from the ports.
Arup Datta, president of Arup Datta Architect Ltd, and Vikram Jain, trade commissioner from the Canadian trade office, also spoke. Neeraj Sarda, Vice-Chairman of CII, Visakhapatnam zone, conducted the proceedings.

Jain group launches affordable housing project in KolkataJain group launches affordable housing project in Kolkata
Abhishek Law
Tweet
Kolkata, Sept 2:  
Real estate company, Jain Group, had on Monday launched its affordable homes project – Dream Pratham – in Madhyamgram, a few kilometers north of Kolkata.
The group is likely to invest Rs 50 crore in the project. It is also eyeing an investment of approximately Rs 250 crore in similar mass housing projects.
The apartments are priced between Rs 18 lakh to Rs 22 lakh, according to a release issued by the company.
In the first phase, the project will have 150 flats with facilities like Wi-Fi enabled in-house library, multi-gym, indoor games arena, children’s playing arena, 24-hours security service, landscaped garden and spa to give a premium experience of living daily life.
Dream Pratham will provide the residents with easy transport in the form of Dream Express Shuttle Service which will drop them to major points from where they will be able to avail themselves of various transport services.
(This article was published on September 2, 2014)

Airtel enters mobile app space with music streaming service WynkAirtel enters mobile app space with music streaming service Wynk
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 2:  
Bharti Airtel has announced the launch of Wynk Music — a carrier agnostic mobile application with over 1.7 million songs including Hindi, regional and international hits.
With this launch, Airtel has now become the first operator to introduce an OTT (Over-the-Top) mobile application in the Indian market, which will work across mobile operators, enabling customers to stream, download in an ad-free interface.
The move comes even as telecom companies are losing out to players such as Facebook and Google when it comes to earning money from mobile services. Airtel’s launch is being seen as an attempt to eat into the revenue share of the application service providers. Until now, Indian telecom players were happy milking the low-hanging fruit of voice telephony. But with data being the new growth area it’s important for operators to move beyond providing just telecom pipes to offering applications.
Wynk is a free-to-download application available on the Android and iOS platforms starting today. With the free version of the app, users can stream songs of their choice online and tune into Internet radio. With Wynk Plus, users can enjoy unlimited in-app song downloads and play music offline at Rs 99 on Android and Rs 60 on iOS. Airtel customers using Android phones can enjoy a special introductory price of just Rs 29 on this. Wynk Freedom subscription at Rs 129 is available exclusively to Airtel customers in 3G circles using Android phones which allow them to get all-inclusive unlimited streaming and download of music without incurring additional data charges.
Airtel customers can pay for all purchases on the app using their Airtel balance or bill. Other customers have the option to pay using online banking.
Srinivasan Gopalan, Director – Consumer Business, Bharti Airtel said, “With the proliferation of smartphones in the country, mobile phones have emerged as the most preferred platform when it comes to experiencing music on the go and accounts for almost 85-90 per cent of total digital consumption."
Indian language songs on the app include — Hindi, Punjabi, Bhojpuri, Tamil, Telugu, Kannada and Bengali. While smartphone users on Android and iOS can download the app from the Play Store and iOS app store respectively, users of other mobile devices can go to the Wynk mobile website www.wynk.in .
Browsing on the app and mobile website is free and no data charges will apply. As an introductory offer, customers get to experience the Wynk Plus and Wynk Freedom services absolutely free for the first month of their subscription. Wynk is easily accessible on any mobile Internet connection, be it 2G, 3G or 4G and Wi-Fi.
(This article was published on September 2, 2014)

Kingfisher to seek legal remedies as apex court dismisses special leave petitionKingfisher to seek legal remedies as apex court dismisses special leave petition
Giriprakash K
Tweet
Bangalore, Sept 2:  
Kingfisher Airlines has said that it will pursue all legal remedies after the Supreme Court on Tuesday dismissed its special leave petition following United Bank of India declaring the airline's chairman, Vijay Mallya, and three others as willful defaulters.
The Supreme Court observed that the SLIP filed by KFA against UBI seeking legal representation before the grievance redressal committee of the bank had become infructuous as the committee had already made a decision. The court said that it was up to KFA to pursue such legal remedies as are available.
In light of this ruling, the airline in a statement said it will "vigorously challenge the decision of UBI''.
Prakash Mirpuri, Vice-President, Corporate Communications of the UB Group, said the airline as well as its directors strongly deny the allegations of willful default for alleged non-payment of Rs 7.5 crore to the bank.
(This article was published on September 2, 2014)

Sensex breaches 27 000-mark on strong capital inflowsSensex breaches 27,000-mark. Pharma, cement, and telecom stocks steal the show
Mumbai, Sept 2:  
Sensex gained 152 points to register a new record high, while Nifty was up 55 points to 8,083.
The benchmark index opened on a positive note at 26888 against the previous close of 26868. It touched a high of 27083 and low of 26886 and closed 27019.
The turnover on BSE was up Rs 3,355 crore against Rs 2,941 crore on Monday.
The market rally was led by cement, telecom and pharma stocks with signs of overall improvement in economy. The fall in current account deficit and dip in the international crude oil prices signalled a positive trend.
Maruti Suzuki India lost 0.09 per cent to Rs 2,913 as the company during market hours said it will open bookings for the mid-sized premium sedan Ciaz from tomorrow. Ciaz will be available in petrol and diesel fuel options.
Coal India fell 0.47 per cent to 365 even as the company said during market hours that the coal production of the company and its subsidiary companies at 34.54 million tonnes in August was 98 per cent of the target.
Current Account Deficit narrowed sharply to $7.8 billion or 1.7 per cent of GDP in June quarter from $21.8 billion or 4.8 per cent of GDP in the same period last year. The lower CAD was primarily on account of a contraction in the trade deficit contributed by a rise in exports and a decline in imports.
The major gainers were Coromandel International (10%), Cipla (5%), Suzlon (5%), Petronet (5%), Bharati Airtel (4%), Grasim (4%), IRB (4%), Jain Irrigation (4%), Century Textile (4%), Titan (4%) and Apollo Tyre (4%).
Prominent losers were Bhushan Steel (-5%), Jindal Steel (-3%), Indian Hotel (-2%) and REC Ltd (-2%).
(This article was published on September 2, 2014)

No relief for Vijay Mallya  Supreme Court junks Kingfisher Airlines pleaGold prices dipped below 28k level to close at Rs 27,750
Gold prices dipped below 28k level to close at Rs 27,750 per 10 grams at the bullion market...

Forbes  Fabulous 50 : TCS  HCL Tech  HDFC Bank in best Indian companies listGold prices dipped below 28k level to close at Rs 27,750
Gold prices dipped below 28k level to close at Rs 27,750 per 10 grams at the bullion market...

Japanese researchers develop 30-minute Ebola testGold prices dipped below 28k level to close at Rs 27,750
Gold prices dipped below 28k level to close at Rs 27,750 per 10 grams at the bullion market...

100 days of NDA govt: Sonia Gandhi attacks Narendra Modi over price rise  communal tension100 days of NDA govt: Sonia Gandhi attacks Narendra Modi over price rise, communal tension
PTI | Rae Bareli/New Delhi | Published:  Sep 01 2014, 22:05  IST
Sep 01 2014, 22:05  IST
 

Chinese handset makers make the most of competition in IndiaStory
China invades India
Chinese handset makers are giving a tough time to not just Indian companies but to global brands as well.
Nidhi Singal      Follow @nidhisingal    Edition: August 2014
Xiaomi's Mi 3 smartphone. (Photo: Flipkart.com)
There was a time when flagship smartphones from global brands were way ahead of the competition in India, both in terms of looks and performance. But the market dynamics have changed thanks to increasing competition from Indian handset manufacturers, top Chinese players stepping into the country, and the return of Motorola.
Global players such as Sony, Samsung and HTC have now been forced to come out with good smartphones at competitive prices. However, it's the Chinese players such as Xiaomi , Gionee and Motorola which are winning the game with better specs and quality hardware.
We talk about a bunch of good brands creating a niche for themselves with some great devices.
XIAOMI:
Redmi series: At the launch of the Mi3, Xiaomi shared its plan to launch two more smartphones under Rs 10,000 in India. The Redmi Note (in picture) will be priced at Rs 9,999 and the Redmi 1S at Rs 6,999.
Just about four years old, Xiaomi (pronounced as Shao-me) was started by eight co-founders in China. They came up with their first smartphone, Mi1, in 2011 and received around 3,00,000 orders within a few hours. The Mi2 followed the initial success story and sold more than 10 million units. The Mi3 is again a popular phone, launched in India recently.
While all this sounds ordinary, there are many special things about Xiaomi. The company isn't available in any offline retail channel and sells phones online. It doesn't believe in traditional marketing campaigns and instead communicates through social networking sites.
Its flagship smartphones are not expensive. The company believes in offering phones almost at cost and earn money by selling the devices for over a year and a half and also by making and selling accessories. Lastly, it is one company that updates its phone's operating system and features 'Over the Air' update every alternate week.
For a new brand name in India, the Mi3 has received a spectacular response. The company comes up with flash sales on Flipkart and puts up 10,000 to 15,000 units on sale every time. It has received more than 350,000 registrations for the Mi3 - a huge number.
While the first sale finished in 40 minutes, subsequent ones lasted five seconds and then only two seconds. For the last two sales, the company allowed users to add the phone to their cart and make payment before the end of the day.
Xiaomi Mi 3: The best-selling smartphone for Xiaomi till date. While the company has announced the launch of Mi4 in China, it hasn't revealed its plan to bring the latest device to India yet.
GIONEE:
You couldn't have missed Gionee's advertisement of the world's slimmest smartphone - the S5.5 - taking a dig at the Samsung Galaxy S5 by saying it's 'not made of plastic.' Well, that's Gionee for you, which has been very aggressively advertising its two flagship smartphones - the Elife E7 and the S5.5.
Unlike Xiaomi, this isn't a new company. Founded in China in 2002, Gionee entered India last year to compete against global brands such as Samsung and Nokia as well as Indian players including Micromax and Karbonn. Within a short span of time,
Gionee has rolled out a wide range of handsets. It has received a good response, both for the hardware and software. The company, valued around $2.3 billion, claims to have already reached a turnover of Rs 500 crore within a year of launching its Indian operations last February. It has captured a two per cent market share and sold eight lakh handsets.
The company expects to reach a target of Rs 2,500 crore by the end of this year, with average revenue of Rs 125 crore a month. Gionee is looking at becoming the number six player in India, with local sales of six million smartphones out of the 35 million global sales target by the end of 2014 from 15 models.
The Gionee Elife E7
OPPO MOBILE:
After making its presence felt in China, Oppo Mobile decided to enter the evolving Indian handset market earlier this year. The company has invested heavily by signing actors Hrithik Roshan and Sonam Kapoor to promote its handsets. It believes in laying emphasis on 'experience'. The company plans to have a diverse portfolio of more than 10 mobile phones across categories by December 2014. It ventured into India with the flagship N1 abd now has quite a few offerings in the market.
The Oppo N1 sports a stunning 5.9-inch Full HD IPS Capacitive Touchscreen.
Oppo N1:
The N1 sports a stunning 5.9-inch Full HD IPS Capacitive Touchscreen. It is powered by a 1.7GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 600 Quad Core processor and is accompanied by 2GB of RAM and the Adreno 320 GPU. It has a 13MP rotating snapper that comes with a dedicated image signal processor, aperture f/2.0 and dual mode LED along with features such as beautify, high speed, panorama, and slow shutter. It comes with 16GB of internal storage and is priced at Rs 32,990 .
Oppo Joy:
The Oppo Joy, retailing for Rs 8,990, runs on Color OS (based on Android 4.2). It has dual-SIM capabilities and a unique feature called Hotknot that not only enables faster transmission of data but secure file sharing as well. The device has a 3-megapixel rear camera plus a 0.3-megapixel front camera. It is a power-packed device with a 1.3GHz dual-core processor, 4GB user memory, a microSD slot that supports up to 32GB storage and a 1700 mAh battery.
Oppo R1 :
The R1 sports a 5-inch IPS display with a resolution of 1280 x 720pixels. It is powered by a MediaTek MT6582 chipset with a 1.3 GHz Quad Core processor along with 1 GB RAM and 16 GB of internal memory. It comes with an 8MP rear camera with f/2.0 wide aperture, which is capable of delivering excellent images in low-light conditions. It runs on the Android 4.2.2 Jelly Bean-based ColorOS. The handset measures 142.7 x 70.4 x 7.1 mm and weighs about 140 grams. It has a 2,410 mAh battery and is retailing for Rs 24,990.

Stronger India is beneficial for world peace:USAn inter-agency team of officials led by the White House is holding weekly meetings to make preparations for the Modi's visit and work on the deliverables.
PTI | Washington |     September 2, 2014 3:04 pm
India is going to be a “very important” player globally and the stronger it becomes, the more beneficial it will be for world peace, a senior Obama Administration official has said amid preparations to give a red carpet welcome to Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
There is a “sense that there is a natural convergence, a natural convergence of views between India and the US both in terms of wider Asia Pacific region, Indian Ocean region as well as a broader view globally,” US Assistant Secretary of State for Political Military Affairs Puneet Talwar said. “We think India is going to be very important globally, but also in the Asian continent. We think, the stronger India becomes, the more capable it becomes, the more economic power it accrues, that’s for the benefit of global peace and prosperity,” Talwar said.
“That’s what the United States wants ultimately. We share that very much with India. We see India playing a stabilising role in that part of the world and taking on greater responsibilities that will accrue as it continues to emerge into its own,” he said. Officials from both the State Department and the Defense Department said there is a natural convergence of India’s “Look East Policy” and the “Asia Pacific Re-balance” of the US.
“We have our Asia Pacific Re-balance. India has its Look East policy. There is a natural convergence between those two. I think, that an India that is playing its rightful role, actually in our view is a very positive thing. It can’t do harm. It can only do well in terms of providing stability, security, peace and prosperity in the Asia Pacific,” Talwar said. “That is ultimately what we want and I have a sense that this is very much shared by India,” he said.
Having personally received feedback from his top three Cabinet ministers, US President Barack Obama and his administration have begun preparations for welcoming Modi to the White House, which going by indications would kick-off a new phase of relationship between the world’s two largest and oldest democratic countries, officials said.
Strategic relationship, defense ties and commerce are likely to be the key pillars of the next phase of the relationship. This has been reflected in Obama’s decision to send his Secretary of State John Kerry, Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel and Commerce Secretary Penny Pritzeker, to India in the first 100 days of the Modi-led government. This is probably for the first time that an American Defense Secretary has visited India so early in any Indian government’s tenure.
“This shows the significance Obama Administration attaches to its defence and strategic relationship with the new Modi Government,” a senior Pentagon official said. continued…

Rajnath asks Chandy to stop political killings inKeralaPress Trust of India | New Delhi |     September 2, 2014 3:04 pm
Voicing concern over killing of a RSS activist in Kannur, Home Minister Rajnath Singh on Tuesday asked Kerala Chief Minister Oommen Chandy to take strict action to stop political killings in the state.
Singh telephoned Chandy following murder of E Manoj and discussed with him the killings of political and social activists in Kerala.
“The Home Minister has expressed concern over the murder of social activist Manoj and asked the Kerala Chief Minister to take strict action to stop such political killings,” a Home Ministry official said.
The Chief Minister conveyed to the Home Minister that a team of high level officials have rushed to the spot to probe into the incident.
Chandy also assured Singh that he would convene an all-party meet to discuss the issue of political killings in Kerala.
Manoj was killed when an unidentified gang attacked him in politically-volatile Kannur district yesterday.
The RSS activist was waylaid on a road by the gang which threw a country-made bomb at him and then hacked him to death before fleeing from the area, police said.
RSS-BJP leaders alleged that the CPI(M) was behind the killing and gave a call for a dawn-to-dusk hartal in the state
today.

Live Cricket Score  India v England 4th ODI: India bowl  Dhawal makes ODI debut againstEnglandAjinkya Rahane scored his maiden ODI ton off 96 balls to lead India to nine-wicket win over England on Tuesday. (Source: AP)
Written by Daksh Panwar | Edgbaston |     September 3, 2014 1:34 am
On Tuesday morning, Vikram Mann, 17, and Ameya, 15, were waiting anxiously for bus No.1 at Calthorpe Road, which would take them to Edgbaston, a short hop away. The potential series decider between England and India was starting in 20 minutes and they didn’t want to miss out on a single delivery, even though it was evident that India were to bat second after MS Dhoni won the toss.
Vikram, an Ajinkya Rahane fan, and Ameya, an out-and-out Dhoni supporter, were not even born — perhaps their parents themselves were teenagers — when India last trumped England in a bilateral series in this country 24 years ago. The need to be part of this history perhaps explained their urgency — and, by extrapolation, of thousands of others expats who hurried to this impressively large venue.
In the event, the stadium emptied out 20 overs before their expectations, but the blockbuster Indian-origin crowd got more than their money’s worth. MS Dhoni and his men gave England a nine-wicket hiding in the fourth One-Day International to take a 3-0 series winning lead. Fittingly, it came at the very venue of their last major triumph, the 2013 Champions Trophy.
The 50-over series triumph may not — and should not — paper over the cracks that India showed in the five-day format earlier in the summer. But it ought to give the team — and its supporters — much-needed belief as they begin the ground work for the World Cup defence early next year.
On Tuesday, they checked two crucial boxes that were there for the ticking. The struggling Shikhar Dhawan found form with an unbeaten 97, and perhaps more importantly Ajinkya Rahane, the ODI batsman, finally came of age with a maiden century.
Before Wednesday, Rahane had an unspectacular average of 26.25 in 32 ODIs and only six fifties. For a player of his technique, it was embarrassing. Dhawan, meanwhile, hadn’t made a fifty away from the subcontinent since his century against Zimbabwe last year.
It helped both their cause that their pace colleagues — Bhuvneshwar Kumar (8-3-14-2) and Mohammed Shami (7.3-1-28-3) bowled exceedingly well on a brown but helpful track to restrict England to a paltry 206 in 49.3 overs. But the total, however small, still had to be chased, and England had in their pace-bowling line-up the consistent Chris Woakes, the tall Steven Finn, a surprise weapon in Harry Gurney and, yes, James Anderson. Just to cover all bases, England had also picked Moeen Ali, the off-spinner who earned the epithet of Moeenalitharan for his exploits against India in the Test series.
On a pitch where Kumar was well nigh unplayable in the morning, you would have normally expected Anderson, the finest bowler in continued…

Theres no red tape but only red carpet  promises Modi as he attracts JapaneseinvestmentIn this photo released by Imperial Household Agency of Japan, Japan's Emperor Akihito, left, talks with Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi, right, during the audience at the Imperial Palace in Tokyo on Tuesday. (Source: AP)
Written by Shubhajit Roy | Tokyo |     September 3, 2014 8:08 am
A day after Japan announced a 3.5 trillion yen (Rs 2.1 lakh crore) investment in India, Prime Minister   Narendra Modi  on Tuesday tried to hardsell India as a manufacturing destination, assuring that there would be no red tape, only the red carpet.
Delivering the keynote address at the Tokyo Stock Exchange, co-hosted by Japan External Trade Organisation (Jetro), Modi said, “I’ve come to assure you there is no red tape but only red carpet that awaits you in India.” He said India was also the only place where the Japanese industry would find all the three Ds — democracy, demography and demand.
“I have come here to assure you that if you have to look anywhere outside Japan, you do not need to look here or there,” he said. “We particularly want to encourage and invite small and medium enterprises, as also smallscale industries,” he said.
Stressing that India guarantees democracy, safety, security and justice, he told Japanese investors that the country is a “God-gifted location” for reaching out to global markets.
“Just as India is focusing on Look East policy, it seems Japan is now pursuing a ‘Look at India Policy’,” he said, adding that India would strive to replicate the Japanese model of work culture.
“Without Japan, India is incomplete and without India, Japan is incomplete ”, he said. “Japan has hardware, India has software… together we can make miracles… Aiye apna kismet aazmaiye (Come and try your luck),” he said.
Meanwhile, a top ranking Japanese official revealed that Tokyo wanted to include Modi’s idea of a “special task force for Japan in the PMO” in the joint statement but New Delhi did not play ball.
The Japanese official told The Indian Express that the Indian bureaucracy did not want the “new idea” of a task force — to facilitate Japanese business — to be included in the Tokyo declaration. Japan wanted it as part of the negotiated joint statement, since that becomes part of the official document.
Also read:  Day after, China daily says Modi remarks for media hype
“But we are happy that Modi announced the setting up of the cell in the PMO in his speech to the industry. So, although the Tokyo declaration does not have it mentioned, we hope that this step — which has been announced by the continued…

